COMPACT TRANSCRIPT BUNDLE
Meetings: 250
Folder: Fathom_Transcripts_2026-05-08_07_23_25
(Timestamps and long Fathom metadata removed; plain UTF-8 text only.) Consecutive turns by the same speaker merged.


>>> 1/250 | Appointment with Cadeyrn | 2026-03-02T07:46:26Z | id:126267301
People: Cadeyrn Curtain, Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Hey, bro. How you going? This meeting is being recorded. How's things, man? Oh, I think you're on mute.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah. How you going?
Kyle Musca: Good, man. Good. How's the day been?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, not too bad. Yeah, had a pretty quiet one at work, so I can't complain.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. You mentioned you were a communications technician, hey?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. What does that entail, specifically, bro?
Cadeyrn Curtain: So we work closely with, like, Telstra just set up just communication networks around Australia, so.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, whenever you want internet or whatever, we get called out to make sure that happens.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice, bro. How long have done that for?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Just two years now, so. Yeah, so enjoy Still pretty fresh.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You enjoy it, or?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Can't complain around.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, bro. Well, man, I appreciate you jumping on this afternoon. I'm sure you probably want to kick back and relax, and I've got to call in now as well, so. So. Do you want to just rip right into things?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, let's do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. So just this call, bro, is just to sort of learn a little bit more about yourself, you know, what your main goals are, you know, where you want to take things, and I guess, like, what's actually going be involved in that process, right? So I know we've been sort of chatting on Instagram and everything like that, but I'd love to just sort of start from scratch and really just sort of map this out properly. So we'll start from scratch, bro. I guess, what is your current body weight at the moment?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, so I'm sitting at around 90 kilos at the moment. That's probably the heaviest I've ever been. So, yeah, I've been around, like, 85, probably give or take, around the last year, but recently just hit, yeah, 90.
Kyle Musca: Okay, okay. And, I mean, like, what weight would you love to get to by the end of things? Like, where would you be stoked to be sitting at?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Probably anywhere between 70, 75. Probably realistically, probably. Probably. More so 75, they're just looking a bit leaner.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So 75 with probably a bit more muscle mass just to make that leanness sort of pop.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So we're looking at sort of 15 odd kilos. Okay. And when was the last time you were down at that 75 sort of kilo mark?
Cadeyrn Curtain: About two years ago, I was at 77. But yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. And I guess, why do you sort of feel like you've struggled with your weight in that time?
Cadeyrn Curtain: To be honest, I've been pretty inconsistent with maintaining a gym regime. Same thing with probably nutrition as well, going through ebbs and flows. And then, yeah, that's probably the main two reasons.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So you kind of feel like you're just going on the typical stop-start sort of cycle type of thing?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah. Yeah. do, I definitely, yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Okay. Gotcha, man. And I guess, like, what are things that you've sort of previously tried to fix this?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Have you followed any, you know, formal, you know, training plans, nutrition, anything like that? I had a pretty decent training plan, I suppose, with a coach probably three years ago now. And I stuck to that for a good three or four months very consistently and was seeing results.
Kyle Musca: That's probably when I was at my fittest. Okay.
Cadeyrn Curtain: And then, yeah, it's sort of just like work, starting the new job sort of disrupted that routine, I suppose. And then, you know, I'd go through the spurts of getting the motivation and then, you know, I might go on a holiday and not really work out and then sort of take a while to sort of get back into any momentum. But I'd say probably the main thing would probably be, like, understanding the new Nutritional side of things. I'm very basic when it comes to food, so like I'll get a whole chicken that's pre-marinated and cook all that at once and then portion that up. But I just portion it by eye, like I don't weigh anything. So I reckon I'll probably overeat most of the time, and that's probably been a routine that has gotten me to the 90 kilos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And I guess, so yeah, so mainly, you know, besides just the result, you'd love to sort of enhance your own, you know, knowledge around the training, but mainly the nutrition side of things as well?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And you mentioned you sort of saw results with the coach you were working with three years ago. Do you feel like you sort of did get that knowledge, I guess, enhancement from that or not really?
Cadeyrn Curtain: That was more or less just like a training program. And it was mostly around sort of. Sort running rather than sort of gym, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Right.
Cadeyrn Curtain: So there were some like gym workouts that were included, but most of it was like targeted at like bodyweight exercises rather than actual gym workouts.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, got you, man. And was that more of a like, like actually working directly with a coach or was it more so they just sort of build your plan and more so you do it yourself?
Cadeyrn Curtain: It was sort of a mix. So like he was, I was able to contact him if I was having any issues and like able to massage different things that weren't working and there'd be sort of like a, quite a brief like weekly touch point, I suppose. Um, but I felt that the program was getting less and less invested in like a personal side of things and more just like an ongoing payment thing. So whenever I was raising you. She was being like, oh, I don't really think I want to continue this program anymore. would be like sort of trying to do everything to keep a subscription going, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So ideally, you'd want to work with someone on a little bit more of a personal basis, have a bit better communication, everything like that. So you're more so getting coached rather than just sort of following a program type thing.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, yeah, I'd say so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, that makes sense, man. And, okay, and I mean, like, if you've already worked with a coach before, man, like, maybe help me to understand, you know, why you're, I guess, looking at getting outside help with this, you know, again, instead of just trying to figure it out for yourself.
Cadeyrn Curtain: I suppose I just don't really know where to start for me. Like, I don't know what sort of calorie deficit I sort of need to go into. What's sort of nutritional way where I can maintain that on a day-to-day basis? it Like, this is... Seatman like It's Um, yeah, I suppose it's sort of just not knowing really where to start and where to look.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So ideally someone to, I guess, help you with a bit of direction and sort of help you, I guess, balance your nutrition with your schedule, your work and everything like that would be really important to you then.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Gotcha, man. That makes sense. And I guess, you know, besides having like a bit of that balance and everything, like let's say you and I just sit down and really just, you know, map this out step by step in terms of like, well, one, guess, you know, the amount of time that you actually have available or the, the level of, you support and accountability you're going to need, or even just like the resources you'd like, you know, us to provide. What do you really feel like you would need, you know, from someone like us in, in order to be successful?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Um, I don't know, probably to start off would be, um, ideally at least the resources to find the nutritional, uh, information or, Even just quite a basic meal plan to start off with, as well as maybe a relatively basic routine. I suppose where I struggle with gym is sort of figuring out what the optimum split is for me, because there'll be some weeks where I can hit that four to five sessions consistently, and there'll be some weeks where I can only probably make it twice a week. So it's figuring out a split that works based off a fluctuating sort of basis, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yep. And just on that as well, with the, I guess, the fluctuations, is that due to your work, or what's that?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, yeah. It's largely due to my work. Sometimes I have to travel for work, so I don't really have access to the gym as much. Okay. And then there's sometimes where, like, I'll have periods where I don't have access to a gym at all, based off where... Where I go.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yep. Okay.
Cadeyrn Curtain: So even finding probably like some sort of body weight replacements for those rare periods where I don't have access to a gym.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Gotcha. How long are those periods usually where you don't have access to a gym?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Sometimes it can be like one or two weeks or sometimes it can be probably up to like a month long.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. All right. So yeah, ideally a plan that's like a little bit more flexible, you know, based off what you're, your working conditions are. again, I guess that, that feeds back into that whole, like actually working with someone on a personal level, having that communication so that the plan can adjust to, you know, adapt to that.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. That makes sense, man. And I guess, well, how long has it been since you like, you know, last actively tried to lose the weight?
Cadeyrn Curtain: I haven't really, I don't think I've been actively trying to lose the weight. I think I've just more or less been... Trying to eat healthier rather than sort of directly count what I'm eating versus how much energy I'm exerting.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Cadeyrn Curtain: So I'd say probably like it's probably been a couple of years since I've really like looked at managing intake and outtake.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And I guess what's been sort of, you know, holding you back from trying before now?
Cadeyrn Curtain: I guess the main motivation at the moment is I'm getting married later this year, so it's really sort of getting into a bit of a physique that I'll be happy with to look back in in photos and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Cadeyrn Curtain: And then hopefully take that entire regime through and continue that rather than going through the ebbs and flows.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, definitely not. Well, when are you getting married specifically?
Cadeyrn Curtain: October this year, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Nice, man. nice. Have you got a honeymoon or anything like that?
Cadeyrn Curtain: See ya? Yeah? Not yet. We're looking at probably New Zealand or maybe Fiji.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah? Yeah, nice.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, bro. So, yeah, ideally, I guess the ultimate goal would be, yeah, just getting in shape for your wedding and making sure you don't look back in 10, 20 years time sort of regretting how you're looking in the suit.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Exactly. Exactly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man. Okay. Okay. And I guess besides the obvious of, you know, just trying to, you know, get fitter and trying to get healthier, man, like let's, like, what are the, besides the wedding as well, of course, what are the real reasons, you know, behind you really wanting to lose this weight?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Other than that, like, there's not much. Like, I'm not unfit. I'm still able to maintain a certain level of fitness that's required for my job. But I guess it's, I'm sick of sort of just being at that sort of, like, bare minimum. Like, I can, I can... Make the bare minimum and some comfortably, but I'd rather start pushing it a bit more to get a bit fitter, especially now that I'm getting, like, a bit older, almost hitting 30. That's where the metabolism starts to slow down, so I've got to start investing a bit more into my fitness and my health to be better, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. It certainly doesn't get easier as you get older. Okay. So, yeah, you kind of, from the sounds of it, you've kind of been doing, as you said, the sort of bare minimum, you kind of want to just pick that up before it, you know, gets a bit too late and gets harder.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And I guess you kind of touched on there, but just to sort of, you know, make sure we're on the same page, just to bring it back to the current situation, is carrying the extra weight, you know, is that having an impact on you in any way?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Um, about a year ago, I got sort of shin splints. Thanks. Thanks. Um, so I made running a lot harder. Um, I used to be able to run consistently long distances and at certain different paces. Um, but at the moment it's now, it's reduced to a pain threshold where I can run long distances if I'm going quite slow. Um, but also when running now, I can sort of feel the weight when I'm running. Um, yeah, not a fan.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you're feeling like you're kind of starting to get a little bit weighed down by it then.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Okay. Makes sense, man. And I guess like, how often does he actually sort of, you know, think about your weight?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Is that like a daily basis thing or? Um, probably not. Probably like weekly to fortnightly. Like it's, it's not something I look into the mirror and sort of get real depressed being unhappy with it. Um, it's more when I have those moments. it's where I feel it. Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, And I guess sometimes I compare myself to other people around me that probably do similar things to me and realise that, you know, they're a little bit fitter or there's some that aren't quite as fit. And I was like, and I sort of go down the other side of things where I'm like, I don't want to get to that stage.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So you're kind of in the middle of seeing some people around you that are in good shape and seeing that some that are not. You'd be the one that is. Yeah, pretty much. Okay. And when you sort of have those moments where you think about your weight, like what exactly goes through your mind?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Oh, sort of just like, , like I really need to do something about this. Especially like with the wedding coming along, I feel like if I just keep my same routine, like nothing's really going to change. Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And on that, guess, like, do you feel like if nothing changes? Yeah. I everyone. it's What would happen there? Do you feel like you'd coast at a 90? Do you feel like you'd slowly add a little bit more weight? What do you think the result would be from that?
Cadeyrn Curtain: I don't think I'd add any more weight. I've been around 87, 88 for a while. I guess it was just a couple of weeks where I sort of had a bit of a holiday and came back and then weighed myself at night. So after eating a big meal and all that sort of thing. But yeah, I guess I wouldn't add too much on, but I don't know how much I'd lose either.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. And I guess sort of, you know, feeling or, you know, thinking that, you know, the wedding's coming up, you've got to get on top of it soon. How long has that sort of thought been, you know, going on in your mind for?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Probably since maybe December last year.
Kyle Musca: Okay. A little while then.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah. Yeah, a little while, but it's sort of been like in the back of my mind, not something that I've been actively concerned about as of yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you feel like that concern is creeping up the closer you get to the wedding or it's about the same?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Probably. Like I feel like, you know, it's March now, October is seven months away. I feel like that's long enough to really input a positive routine rather than just having the short-term goal in mind. I think it's something where I can actually make a routine where I can follow it and continue it rather than just focusing on, oh, I need to cut, you know, 12 kilos in a month, so I just won't eat much and build something that's quite unsustainable.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so ideally you want to, well, one, get on top of it before it really becomes a, you know, an urgent problem. And then two, guess, do it properly so you can, you know, continue on after the wedding as well instead of just doing it to get to an end goal.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah. All right. right. Thank Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool, man. That makes sense. And I guess, like, well, feeling that way, man, and knowing that you do want to take this past the wedding, and I guess, like, having that thought in your mind since, you know, December, has that itself been having, I guess, like, an effect on you? Or, like, what's sort of been the thought process around that?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Not so much. Like, I've lived a lot of my life just sort of knowing I'll get where I want to get no matter how long it sort of takes me. But, yeah, I guess with other wedding planning coming along, I sort of start to realise how quickly it's actually coming around. Like, seven months isn't that long in the grand scheme of things. So, yeah, I suppose it's slowly more and more playing on my mind, but it's not really being there too much before now.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And, oh, I guess in... In that case, like I've got to follow on from that. Like if you know that you're, you know, you can get it done when you want and the wedding is still, you know, seven months, which isn't heaps of time, but it's also not, you know, a month or two. Are you sure you even kind of, I guess, want to look at getting a coach to help you sort of fix this problem?
Cadeyrn Curtain: I think so, yeah. I think I sort of need that guidance at least to start with to get me in that good stead, whether it be just nutritional or the gym routine. And then sort of build upon any knowledge that they might pass on to then continue it onwards.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, so ideally get the ball rolling and then, yeah, as you said, just sort of build on that as time goes.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, probably. That's how I sort of perceive it going. Or if it's being really successful, then potentially just continuing the coaching until I get to a point where I think maybe I've sort of got a handle on the routine and, you know, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Okay. Okay. Well, I guess, you know, suppose in, let's say, six months' time, we're able to help you get that ball rolling, you know, give you sort of that structure, that accountability so you don't go through those stop-start cycles, just like we have with thousands of other guys I've worked with. How would your life actually be different than it is right now?
Cadeyrn Curtain: I think I'd probably just sort of have a bit more of that knowledge to be able to maintain a physique or a sort of healthiness that I'm trying to get after. Yeah, I suppose it wouldn't look too different now, other than having those lifestyle changes of being healthy and being fitter. Implemented into my everyday routine and moving that forward.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, guess if you did have those, you know, well, because realistically, that's a bit of a lifestyle shift, right? Yeah. I guess, what would actually sort of change in your life, though?
Cadeyrn Curtain: I don't think too much would change, to be honest. All I would be doing is spending a bit of time where I'd probably just be relaxing. I'd be spending that time invested in myself and moving forward in the gym or getting out and being active outside.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I guess, well, on that, like, do you want to spend that time investing in yourself or would you rather?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool, man. Okay. So, yeah, if you would imagine yourself, you let's say six, seven months from now, you know, you're at your wedding, you're feeling awesome in yourself and you're looking awesome in your suit. And you know that when you do reflect back on this, on that day in, you know, 10, 20, 30 years time, you know, you can show your children, your grandchildren, everything like that. You're in great shape. And more importantly, you know that you have the habits and the skills and the knowledge necessary. So, yeah. So you actually continue that on, you know, past the wedding, right? again, make this an actual lifestyle shift that you stick to. So, you you don't get later into your 30s or your 40s and realize, , like, you know, I've got a lot of work to backpedal here. When you sort of pitch yourself in that situation, you know, having, you know, become the version of yourself that you want to be, I guess, how does that sort of make you feel?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Oh, I suppose motivated. You know, I want to be in that sort of point in my life where I'm happy with how I'm looking, how I'm feeling, hopefully supporting others around me, get to the same sort of space. Like, I know my housemate, he ebbs and flows as well. He's probably slightly more consistent than me, but he also, he doesn't need to lose weight. He's trying to put weight on. So we have different goals in that, in that manner. But yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So. Okay. Awesome, man. Awesome. And I've got to ask on that, man, like on the flip side of that, you know, what happens if you never go out there and, you know, fully commit to yourself and you never go out there and, I guess, learn the right skills that you need. And as time goes on, you know, as we spoke about already, things get harder and that weight does slowly start creeping on, even if it's only a kilo a year, you know, in a decade, you're 10 kilos heavier, two decades, 20 kilos heavier. And, you know, when you look back on that, those wedding photos, because you didn't do anything about it, you sort of have a little bit of a regret that, you know, you just weren't in the position and you weren't in the shape that you wanted to be for that day. And, you know, after that, instead of sticking to a good habit, you stick to bad habits and things just overall get worse. I guess, what would that sort of be like for you?
Cadeyrn Curtain: To be honest, like, I don't really see that as being an option. You know, whether it's through yourself or just through me just Googling and... Trying to find something to implement that works better for me. Like, I know that I'm at a point where I'm ready to fully commit to a lifestyle change to be able to reach those goals. So, yeah, I don't really see that being an option for me. If I do, like, you know, you can't undo time. And I've got, like, a goal of getting at least most of the way there by the wedding. If not, all the way and to maintain it from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, so you've kind of made the decision that you're going to get it done.
Cadeyrn Curtain: It's just a matter of how at this point. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool, man. Well, yeah, time to make a change then, possibly.
Cadeyrn Curtain: That's it.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Well, man, you know, it's important for you to do something. That's, I guess, really the main thing I need to know because based off everything you've told me, and I think that what we're doing would actually work quite well for you. So what I can do then is I can give you a bit of a run through of, you know, how we could potentially help you. Thank With all of this, if that's cool with you.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, sure. Certainly.
Kyle Musca: What's up, bro? Well, you know, with the wedding in, you seven months of time, I reckon the initial program itself would last roughly about six months. I usually like to, you know, in a three-month period. So six months works really well for that. The main focus there is on sort of, you know, creating lifelong change. And by that, I mean, like, you kind of touched on it before. Like, I want to get you to the point where you don't actually need us anymore, right?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yep.
Kyle Musca: So to achieve that, you'd be working with me as well as one of my head coach, and that's just designed to make sure you're really well-supported at all time. And we, you know, specialize in helping guys like yourself, guys that do have, you hectic work schedules, guys that travel a lot. We work with a lot of fly-in-fly-out guys, so we've gotten really good at sort of adapting the plan to be really flexible based on what you actually have access to. Realistic, and actually a lot of dudes do come to us looking to get in shape for their wedding as well. So I guess two birds, one stone there. Realistically, man, you're the exact type of guy we usually tend to help. Now, with that, you'd be working with us one-on-one so we can create a lifestyle that would allow you to get to that sort of lean 75-kilo mark, but far more importantly, like actually be able to maintain and progress on that in the long term, right? Does that make sense so far?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So yeah, we'd provide you with a tailored updated plan every single week, but you'd be working with us pretty much on a daily basis if need be to make sure that what you're doing is one, effective, two, and three, that we're able to provide you with as much support and accountability you need so you can actually be successful, right? Perfect. So the first pillar is that the program needs to be effective. And, you know, what I mean by that is like you need to be able to get noticeable, consistent results from day one all the way up until your wedding, right? Because if you're not getting really consistent results, then, you know, it's going to feel like what we're doing is just a complete waste of time, right?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the second pillar is that, you know, it needs to be... Enjoyable. And it seems pretty obvious, but this is where a lot of guys tend to mess up on, right? If what you're doing, you just don't enjoy it, it doesn't fit into your schedule, your work life, whatever the case may be, it's only a matter of time until you stop. And what happens, right? You just fall back into old habits. Any progress that you did make just sort of reverts itself. And to put in all that time and effort just to end up in the same, if not worse spot than when you started, it seems pretty pointless to me, right?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. So, well, yeah, I guess like if you were getting, you know, consistent results and you had someone there working with you to make sure that, you know, what you were doing, you were actually enjoying. And I guess just as important, you're never doing anything, you just really hated doing. Do you feel like you could stay consistent with it so we could get you to that lean 75-kilo goal and then, you know, continue to caress from there?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome, man. Perfect. Perfect. Now, the final pillar is that we need to be able to provide you with a ton of support and accountability because, I mean, like, who's really keeping your account? At the end of the day, it's very easy to let yourself down. It's very hard to let someone else down, especially when they're there purely just to make sure that you are successful. So I guess it's about having someone to give you that encouragement, that reassurance, so you know that you're on the right path, which will help keep you feeling really motivated. Someone to answer your questions at any time, so you know how to navigate certain situations that may come up.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Like, for example, if you don't have access to a gym or whatever the case may be.
Kyle Musca: And, you know, having someone there to give you some accountability, so you end up giving up on yourself if you do end up struggling, which, you in the end of the day, man, is totally normal, right? We're all human. It's just important to have someone there lift you back up, get you back on track. And I guess the key there is to figure out what went wrong so we can fix the underlying issues to make sure that, you know, that problem doesn't keep happening in the future, right? Yeah. Is that all making sense so far?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, bro.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Perfect.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I guess like... Do you feel like if we could get that ball rolling for you, we could give you that structure? And I guess, you know, not only as we're progressing towards the end goal of, you know, being 75 kilos and lean, but enhance your own knowledge at the same time, that it would not only allow or make it easy for you to get to that goal, but actually, again, possess the knowledge to keep progressing on your own in the long term?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Definitely. Yeah. I'm glad you touched on that because that's something we very much do focus on. At the end of the day, it makes a huge difference. So, on top of that, man, you'd also be a part of our community where you'd be surrounded with a bunch of like-minded men, all like yourself, all chasing similar goals. And I found that this is not only a great tool to help keep you, you know, feeling really motivated and inspired, but it's also a great accountability tool. You know, we got guys in there working, you know, 14 hours on site. got guys waking up and going into the gym at 3 a.m., right? And if I'm sitting there after, you know, a big 12-hour day and I'm sitting on the couch feeling lazy and someone says, work 14 hours and hit three gym PRs, man, I'm like,  this guy. I'm going to get you four PRs, you know what I mean? So awesome community to be a part of, man. Everyone's just there to see each other win. Yeah, fantastic to a part. So essentially, bro, all this means for you is that we're going to help you to create a healthy and a sustainable lifestyle, something that we want to think of as your new normal, one where you can be 75 kilos and lean, rock up to the wedding, feeling awesome, looking awesome. But again, far more importantly, have the knowledge to make sure that, you know, you can continue progressing and building on that for forever, essentially, right? But I'm not sure. Did you get a chance to check out some of the other guys we've worked with?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Probably on the Instagram. It's probably been up and down, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Some of the guys on the Instagram, all the guys on the Instagram, they're either on the team at the moment or very recent. Some of the guys on the websites and everything like that, we haven't worked with two, three, four plus years in some cases. We like to, you know, check in on them or I like to check in on and see how they're going. I guess most of the men... I've not only just been able to maintain, but actually keep progressing on where we left off. And I guess, you know, why do you feel like that is? Like, why do you feel like that we're able to keep progressing in the long term?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Well, I feel like it's got to be an element of providing a service that works for individuals, but also giving them access to the resources to further develop that when they supersede those sort of programs for themselves.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly, man. You know, at the end of the day, man, I'm a big believer that, you know, if you do it right, you only have to do it once, right? So, yeah, I guess, you know, do you feel like this could be the answer you were looking for?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, definitely. I mean, obviously, I'm saving for a wedding, so price will have an impact, depending on how much it costs and whether or not I can work that into the saving budget. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But, yeah, yeah, I think it all sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely, man, absolutely. Man, understand that, you know, guys come to us with weddings all the time, so I definitely understand that's a factor. I'm happy with everything we've spoken about today. I'm more confident we can get you to where you want to be and, you know, quite possibly even beyond that. I guess the only other question I have for you is when were you sort of hoping to get the ball rolling with things?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Probably, like, in the coming week, I'd say. But as soon as I have access to sort of some information, I'll probably just get working straight away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome, man. Well, that works out well. Usually, like, we've got a whole team that goes into this nutritionist, everything like that. So, yeah, turnaround time is pretty good. We can usually have the first block back within 24 to 48 hours. You've actually done well jumping off on a Monday. always like to start fresh on a Monday, so that basically means you get the pretty much most this week And then we'd officially start the six months on Monday, next Monday, if we decide to move forward. I guess the only thing to do from now is just to go through the packages, man, see what's going to suit you best. So we might as well start off and just work our way through.
Cadeyrn Curtain: No, nice.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, the first program is the Platinum Package, Now, this is extremely comprehensive, and it's really designed for, like, professional athletes, people dealing with chronic injuries or illnesses, things like that. Maybe someone wants to jump on stage, you know, get super lean, jump on gear, everything like that.
Cadeyrn Curtain: So it's extremely comprehensive.
Kyle Musca: If we look at six months of that, that would come out to be about $10,000. There is one spot left on that, but to be honest, man, I think that's going to be well overkill for you.
Cadeyrn Curtain: I don't think that's going to suit you very well.
Kyle Musca: So we might as well move on. I do have the Emerald Package. Now, this is really designed for either guys that work crazy, crazy work schedules or dudes that have really struggled with their weight their entire life and they really need a lot of accountability. So with this one, man, we basically, it's as done for you as possible. We'll map out your entire week album. We'd jump on multiple calls throughout the week, we'd take you through a personalized one-to-one educational series, and how that actually practically applies to your life, everything like that, as well as all the plans, package, training programs, periodization, everything like that. Now, if we were to look at that one, it would come from $10,000 right down to $5,000, but you've worked with Coach previously, you've hit the gym previously, you've got the previous experience, and I don't really see you struggling that much at all.
Cadeyrn Curtain: So I still think that's probably going to be a bit overkill for you.
Kyle Musca: That would bring us on to the gold package, man. Now, this is where we come into the territory of what I think will suit you really well. Now, for the gold package, it does come out to be a fair bit more affordable as well. So we'd bring it from $10,000 right down to $3,500 for the entire six months. There's no additional fees or charges or anything like that on top. And essentially what comes with that, again, really still comprehensive. Everything I do is focused on quality over quantity. It's just a slight step down in terms of, guess, accountability and communication, right? So you still get all the customized programming, all the custom nutrition, meal plans, everything like that, Bill. By a nutritionist. You still have 24-7 text and call communication with weekly check-in calls. So that's essentially where we sit down with you. We have a look at where you've done well, how you could execute a little bit better, what adjustments we need to make. Basically taking a deep dive into your week and make sure that you are progressing at the rate we think you're capable of. And if not, what do we need to adjust in order to get you there? Now, we do open this up to a slightly wider group than the Platinum and the Emerald. But again, we always make sure to focus on, you you getting the best quality services possible. You also get access to the entire educational series, everything like that, right?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Now, obviously, I back everything I say, man. So if you were to sign up and, you follow everything I lay out for you and not achieve a result you're absolutely stoked with, not only will I give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 cash your way just for wasting your time. So I guess with all that being said, man, which options sort of jumped out to you there the most?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Um, yeah, I'd say probably the gold. Um. But I'd have to take it offline to sort of try and work out the budget in terms of implementing that into the wedding savings.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely, man. As I mentioned, man, I've worked with heaps of dudes going through a wedding, so I definitely understand that factor. I guess price aside, man, like is the program sort of, you know, something that you do want to do?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, does. It does sound definitely like something that I'm looking for in terms of a customized gym program and customized nutrition sort of meal plan, as well as like a bit of that accountability piece and some like educational services as well to sort of boost my own understanding.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome, man. Awesome. And I guess, well, just so I'm on the same page with you, man, like on a scale of, you know, one to 10 with the program is, know, 10 being the program is perfect. I couldn't add anything else to it if I tried. And, you know, one, I'm just a complete dickhead who's completely... Completely missed the mark. guess, where are we sort of sitting on that scale?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, I'd say it's like pretty close to 10, if not 10. Yeah, I suppose without seeing any of it, it's hard to sort of make that definitive answer. But yeah, I mean, it sounds like everything that I'm sort of looking for, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, man. Awesome. Is there anything that you'd like to see that I haven't ran over at all?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Not really.
Kyle Musca: No. Yeah. Okay. Sick, man. So, I mean, it sounds like, yeah, the program's something you want to do. It's just making sure it fits in the budget with the wedding and everything, which completely makes sense. In that case, man, what I can do is I do work with like a billing company. kind of works like Afterpay. That way it just helps to break it down, makes it a lot easier on cash flow. Would that be a little bit more reasonable for you to look at?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Potentially as an alternative option.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, maybe. Potentially. Yeah, I guess. Well, let me pull up their breakdowns. They've got their own sort of structures. me pull that up real quick. Okay. Yeah, okay, cool. So, yeah, if we were to look at the six-month option, bro, what we could do is instead of, yeah, instead of $3,500 all in one go, what we could do is we could break that right down to just covering $1,500 at the start. And then again, we wouldn't officially start till next week. So that's when the six-month would officially start, which means the repayments wouldn't start till a month after that. So essentially like five weeks away, so ages. And that would just be $400 a month from that point. So it makes it way easier on cash flow. Would that be a little bit more reasonable for you?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah, potentially. Obviously, I'd have to... We have to chat to the fiancé to make sure that it aligns with both our goals. But yeah, I mean, it's good to have an alternative if that does end up working out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. And on that, does your fiancé know that we're having a chat today?
Cadeyrn Curtain: No, so sort of ad hoc. I didn't expect to actually get a call in this afternoon, so I was surprised when that email came through and it said 5pm today. But yeah, she'll be the first person I call her since we're done here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome, man. And I guess on that, like, have you sort of, I mean, spoken to her about potentially doing something like this or is this going to be out of the blue for her?
Cadeyrn Curtain: She's done something like this in the past. And then the program that she was with sort of had a couple of changes of management, I suppose. And then it turned into something that she wasn't wanting and stopped paying for it. done So it's not something that's unheard of within our relationship, but it could be even trying to find something that works for both of us. But yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, on that too, man, my missus actually, she has a female coaching company as well. So we could definitely work out something there. I guess just so I'm on the same page with you, man, is it more of a matter of like you going and having a chat with her about, you know, whether you can make it financially and you do have the physical funds available to do it? Or is it more so having a chat with her about, you know, where you could potentially find those funds?
Cadeyrn Curtain: I suppose sort of an element of both. More or less, more probably option A, like whether or not we can make the funds work and push, like reallocate some of our funds into this rather than straight into the wedding saving or straight into the holiday fund. That sort of thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. And, you know, you're obviously going to know your fiancée a lot better than I know her.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Do you feel like she would, you know, be supportive of you doing something like this? Yeah, I think so. I think if she sort of saw the vision and believed that it was what was going to get me to the goal that I sort of want, I think she'd be fully supportive.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, awesome. And I guess, like, just theoretically, man, like, what happens if you, you know, gave her a call after this and you said you really wanted to do it, but she turned around and said no?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Well, then it would just lead to a bigger and longer conversation, I suppose, about figuring out how I can still hit those goals. She's got goals of her own, so how she can also hit her goals and figuring out some form of compromise there, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Cool, man. Well, in that case, man, what I can do is if it's just like you want to do the program and it's sort of purely just making sure, you know, fits in the budget financially. I'm just having a look here at what else they could do. So instead of the 400 a month, you could just go on to 500 a month, but that would allow you to save sort of 500 to start off with. So bring it from 1,500 to get started right down to just a K. Would that be a bit more reasonable for you, Matt?
Cadeyrn Curtain: Potentially. I don't have the numbers off the rip, but yeah, I mean, alternate options are always good. So it enables us to sort of make the best decision for us. So yeah, it's something we'd look into.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for sure, Matt. For sure. Okay, cool. Well, man, definitely understand you're having a chat with the missus about it and everything like that. With the gold package, bro, I do have two spots left available for that. So what we could do is if you are sort of keen and sort of making sure that it fits financially, making sure the missus is on board, we could do a $500 deposit and that's fully refundable. So it essentially just locks in your spot, gives you time to go have a chat with her if she comes back. just says, like, look, you're not doing it. I can just shoot that straight back to you. Did you want to do that?
Cadeyrn Curtain: No, I'll hold off on any payments until I've had the chat. But then, yeah, if we have the chat and it works out, I'll flick your message and hopefully there's still a spot left.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Sick, man. That's no stress. I guess just so I'm on the same page with you, man, how long do you feel like you'd sort of need to have a chat with your missus?
Cadeyrn Curtain: I'd know by the end of tonight.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Cadeyrn Curtain: So, yeah, we'll sit down and have a chat and work it all out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, cool, man. All right, man. Well, with that, you can do two things. I can either lock in a spot tomorrow to have a chat with you or, I mean, we could just sort of shoot me a text, let me know, and then we can get the ball either rolling or not rolling based off that if you want.
Cadeyrn Curtain: Yeah. Yeah, easy. Yeah, I'll just shoot your message with whatever way it ends up going. And then, yeah, hopefully I can get the ball rolling from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. If you do have any other questions on that, man, you've got my personal WhatsApp as well, so just shoot me a message there. Otherwise, as I always like to say, man, success loves speed. So if you decide that you want to do it, just let me know.
Cadeyrn Curtain: We'll get the ball rolling for you. Too easy. Thank you. Appreciate your time today.
Kyle Musca: No worries, man. Enjoy the rest of the day.
Cadeyrn Curtain: I will chat to you soon. Thank you. You too. Cheers. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 2/250 | EMP VIP Coaching Call - Mahmud Anam | 2026-02-02T08:57:13Z | id:118798665
People: Mahmud Anam, Kyle Musca

Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, starting of the week. This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry, what was that, Matt? Cool, bro. Well, man, I appreciate you jumping on.
Mahmud Gaffar: Have you wrapped up work for the day, have you?
Kyle Musca: Almost closing. It should be, like in 30 minutes.
Mahmud Gaffar: Ah, yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Is now a good time to chat?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, fantastic. Awesome. Well, man, appreciate you jumping on today. I'm sure you probably want to wrap things up there at work, so I won't take up too much of your time, man.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I got a call in an hour as well. So do you want to just dive right into things, Matt?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, perfect. The thing what I'm planning is just to decrease, like, almost 10 kilos, because currently I am in between 89, 90, 89, and it's jumping up and down.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, well, before we jump ahead there. So, yeah, well, essentially, just so you're... You're aware, man. Like, just this call is just to learn a bit more about yourself, you know, where you want to take things, what sort of time frame that's possible to do it in, and then sort of just to see if we're even, you know, going to be the right fit for you in the first place. Okay, thank you. Perfect, man. So, want to lose 10 kilos. You said you're currently between 89 to 90 kilos, you say?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, it's just up and down.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And when was the last time you were at, sort of, what would that be, 89 kilos? We'll just say, we'll say 80 kilos flat, keep it nice and even. When was the last time you were at 80 kilos?
Mahmud Gaffar: Two years ago.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So, a little bit then.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And I guess, like, why do you feel like you sort of struggled with your weight in that time, man?
Mahmud Gaffar: Uh, it's mostly due to work, and, and another one is, like... Constancy, like can't be focused all the time.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So having like, I guess, a little bit of structure there just to sort of help balance it while you're busy at work so you don't have to think about it will be pretty handy to do that. Okay. Gotcha, man. And I guess, what have you tried to sort of previously fix this? Have you followed any formal, you know, nutrition or exercise plans?
Mahmud Gaffar: Um, I used to do it with one of my friends, but later, due to work, stress, left it. And plus, sometimes I have to do some night shifts as well. So that way, most of the time, you can't cope up.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So yeah, you kind of used to get into a bit, but work just sort of took over and that took back.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. And when you were doing it with your friend, man, how much weight did you end up losing?
Mahmud Gaffar: Um, three to two. I'll make it two.
Kyle Musca: Two kilos? Okay. And over how long of a period?
Mahmud Gaffar: Six months. It was very slow.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So, yeah, kind of doing what you were doing with your friend didn't really feel like it would ultimately get you to that end goal that you were aiming for?
Mahmud Gaffar: Nah. Nah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. And I guess, you know, maybe help me to understand, man, like why you may be looking at getting, you know, outside help with this instead of maybe just trying to figure it out for yourself.
Mahmud Gaffar: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Mahmud Gaffar: It's mostly because someone who's professional who knows their stuff plus someone that is to push you. Like, usually I'm kind of guy if I get a... A bit lazy and just go to my bed. They can't pull me up unless it's an emergency kind of. So like before I work right now and someone pushes me, I can do anything right now. I went home, get freshened up and just sit in my bed and then that's gone. I became a very lazy person suddenly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So ideally you want to sort of a professional to guide you through it, help you get the results you're looking for.
Mahmud Gaffar: But also sort of, yeah, keep you accountable when work stress does pick up a little bit. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Cool, man. That makes sense. And I guess besides, you know, I guess besides, you know, working with just someone who's, you professional at it, let's say you and I always sit down, you know, with the coaches, the nutritionists, everyone like that, and really just map it all out step by step in terms of like, one, the amount of time that you have available or the level of support. Support and accountability you're going to need, or even just like the resources you'd like us to provide. What do you really feel like you would need, you know, from someone like us in order to be successful?
Mahmud Gaffar: Something around like the food intakes, like how much calories you can have. Usually what it's like, I'm having something in the morning, in between I'm having nothing. Like during lunch, maybe I'm not having anything. Maybe a bit of coffee. Then at night, I'm having a bit heavy food. That's it. So it's like, if someone can give me like this amount of food you're having, or this, this, you have it in that day. So at least it goes on like that way. I can also deficiate myself. Plus there's something that I don't mismatch anything. It's kind of like a timetable. You can have this, this, this, this, this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Perfect. So you kind of just want to be told exactly, you know, what to do, how to do it, when to do it.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A bit of a bit.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, cool, man. And how long has it been since you last, you know, actively tried to lose the weight?
Mahmud Gaffar: Four months.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Mahmud Gaffar: Because before that, I didn't have that much of a stress, but like last year, we had a big transition in our work. So I have to be more patient and I'm not doing anything, just eating, working, eating, and working.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Mahmud Gaffar: I usually play squash, but I left it for this stress.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So it sounds like, you know, work's really kind of taken over. Okay. And I guess, you know, last time you tried was four months ago.
Mahmud Gaffar: What's been holding you back from trying before this? Exhausting. Exhausted all the time.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So ideally a plan that's sort of focused. Because it's on giving you more energy as well throughout the day.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. And I guess like why now though? Like why not just sort of keep pushing this down the road like most men tend to do who never actually end up losing the weight?
Mahmud Gaffar: No, it's just my mom is pushing me a bit.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So your mom wants you to...
Mahmud Gaffar: Get a bit slim, yeah. Because I was very slim two years ago. I was around 81. That was the last weight I had before I started formally working in a company. So when I started working, everything got changed and stress. And mostly I'm having junk foods all the time.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So not eating right, stress levels high.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yes.
Kyle Musca: Mom wants you to lose the weight.
Mahmud Gaffar: like that.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And what about you, man? Like do you actually want to do this or is it just sort of something?
Mahmud Gaffar: Your mom wants you to do. No, I do actually, because right now I'm thinking better get, lose some weight as well, because I have, I just did a medical checkup two months ago and I have found like almost I have a fatty liver right now, which I didn't have.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Mahmud Gaffar: So they didn't ask me to, my doctor didn't prescribe any medicines, but they said do a bit of exercise as well. So that's one also the, options that pushed me about like fatty liver at this age. It's too much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Mahmud Gaffar: So it's like an actual health concern then to try and lose some weight. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And, okay. And I guess besides the obvious of, you know, just trying to get healthier, trying to, trying to get a fitter man. What are the reasons, you know, behind you really wanting to lose this? That's Thank Why?
Mahmud Gaffar: Mostly it's just my mom said plus health reason and maybe look good a bit. I'm waiting for that kind of like is just mostly it's my health concern like fatty liver had given me plus in my family I do have some health issues like family problems that we usually have with at certain age. So that thing is like maybe if I can change some of my lifestyle just in case it changes the whole lifestyle.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So mainly the health concerns which is obviously a big one. Is there any other sort of factors playing into it man like you know wanting to look better, feel better, have more confidence, anything like that?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, that's obvious but mostly it's the health concern for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Mahmud Gaffar: And if I like suddenly... If I do decrease the weight, I will still continue as a, like, make it a more proper-leaning-shaped body.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so overall, you'd like a leaner body, you said?
Mahmud Gaffar: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yep, okay. And just to bring it back to the current situation, is carrying the extra weight, is that having an impact on you?
Mahmud Gaffar: No, it's not. It's just you have a, like, big fat belly, that's it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Mahmud Gaffar: And maybe you are a bit exhausted earlier than before.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so you feel like your energy is less than it was two years ago?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, yep.
Kyle Musca: Well, how about that? Is that sort of affecting, you know, the quality of work that you can do, or just the, you know, how you feel at work, or anything like that?
Mahmud Gaffar: It is, it is, like, before I usually don't get that much of an exhaustion around, like, if I am doing 10-hour shift or 12-hour shift. But now, after 12-hour shift. Fathom, I feel like, nah, can't do anymore. Even sometimes I'm too much lazy, I would order food online, even if I'm having food in the fridge.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So energy is starting to get kind of worse and worse. Yeah. How often are sort of ordering food?
Mahmud Gaffar: Two to three times.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Mahmud Gaffar: But it depends on the work pressure. It's mostly regarding the work pressure. If I'm having too much work, then I'll go for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And how often is it you sort of, you know, actually think about your weight?
Mahmud Gaffar: Is it like a daily basis thing or? No, it's daily basis. Because I usually measure my weight in the morning and see how much is the weight every day. And that's why I said it's jumping from 89 to 90, 90 or 91, something, 90.5, something like That is up and down all the time.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. And when you jump on the scale or when you think about your weight, what exactly goes through your mind?
Mahmud Gaffar: Stop eating food.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's one of the reasons why I sometimes skip my lunch or maybe breakfast.
Mahmud Gaffar: Okay. Right now.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So you've resulted to try and skip some meals just to try and lose a bit of the weight?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How long has that been going on for?
Mahmud Gaffar: Started this month. Started, not this one, on January. So one month.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Have you lost any weight from doing that?
Mahmud Gaffar: I don't think I feel like that because still that same thing I've been seeing from the last two and a half months. So I'm not sure whether.
Kyle Musca: I Okay. Okay. So I guess, you know, feeling, feeling like that, man, feeling the exhaustion that's coming from holding the extra weight and sort of dealing with, you know, from the sounds of it, a pretty gradual, but also rapid kind of increase in weight over the last two years specifically. Has that itself been having an effect on you in any aspects of your life?
Mahmud Gaffar: I don't know. Not at all.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Well, I got to ask, Ben, like, if it's not really sort of affecting, you know, you too much, are you sure you even want to kind of look at getting a coach to, you know, help fix this problem?
Mahmud Gaffar: Um, I do, but the thing is, is timing difference. Like, the time when the coach is free, I'm not free most of the time, because I am working as a field engineer in, feel... Um, if... Think... If... So usually if something happens, I would be called anytime. So I coach Neal's like a specific timing, which I can't give most of the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, that's one of the huge positives about what we do, man, is it's no real set time for you to sort of like shock and meet a PT, right?
Mahmud Gaffar: It's very flexible, which is why a lot of guys, you know, who do work crazy hours or really high stress jobs do tend to come to us because we can have that flexibility and that's what we're doing.
Kyle Musca: So, okay. Well, you know, suppose in, let's say six months time, man, we've able, you know, I guess it really depends on your ultimate goal. If you just want to lose the 10 kilos, we could probably do that in like three months. If you want to lose 10 kilos and then like focus on regaining and building like a bit of, you know, shape and size to the physique, which we'll do in the three months anyway, but just extend from probably six months. I'll pull it back to even just three months, right?
Mahmud Gaffar: Just so we just focus on 10 kilos first.
Kyle Musca: It's possible in, in, in, In three months of a man, we're able to, you remove all that guesswork for you. So you don't have to think about anything. You can just show up and do, you know, you know exactly what you need to do and how to do it. Just like we have with thousands of other guys we work with. How would your life, you know, actually be different than it is right now?
Mahmud Gaffar: Can openly go everywhere without shrinking your stomach a bit. Like attending events or taking pictures on your phone for some events.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay.
Mahmud Gaffar: Plus more confident enough to talk, approach people as well.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So you feel like the extra weight currently is kind of making you feel, I guess, especially, yeah, especially the belly.
Mahmud Gaffar: Like I do have some t-shirts, which I don't wear right now. I'm just wearing like shirts only. If I lose the weight, maybe I can wear those t-shirts again.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. And you mentioned approaching people. Is that, you know, just anyone in general? Or are you referring to maybe like a partner?
Mahmud Gaffar: Or what do you mean specifically there? Like normal locations, like an event or something. Usually of my age, someone having a big, big belly and an uncle of like 40 years old, he's also having that same kind of belly. People will start to think something of it. It's better to be shrink of it, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So yeah, you feel like one, you'd have a little bit more confidence and then maybe two, if you lost the belly, people would kind of see you in a, like a little bit more of a...
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So if you were to imagine yourself, you know, let's say 12 weeks from now, right? You've lost roughly 10 kilos. You know, you've got more energy than you've ever felt before. You're more focused with your work than you've ever felt before.
Mahmud Gaffar: You've lost that belly. So you've got that confidence that comes with, you know, having a nice life. Lean physique. And, you know, your mom's super happy because you lost the weight again.
Kyle Musca: You're doing great with your career. The fatty livers died right back down. So it's nice and healthy, not so concerned about sort of long-term sort of health conditions, being overweight. When you pitch yourself in that sort of position, you know, having become the best version of yourself that you want to be, I guess, how does that make you feel?
Mahmud Gaffar: Happy? It's like worth it, sacrificing those three to four months and still then maintain a constant way of life so that it not goes over or down.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Mahmud Gaffar: Mostly it should be over, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And I got to say, man, like on the flip side of that, you know, what happens if you never go out there and, you know, fully commit to yourself and you never go out there and get the right help. So you can learn the right skills. So You need. And as time goes on, you just keep gaining weight. know, that fatty liver just keeps getting worse and worse. Your mom just won't get off you about, you know, not losing the weight. And the belly just, you know, continues to grow. And as a result of that, man, your energy just keeps getting worse. You just keep feeling more and more exhausted after the day. And, you know, all of a sudden, your life literally just is wake up, go to work, go home, sleep, and repeat. You know, in general, things just get worse. What would that be like for you?
Mahmud Gaffar: Worst as hell. No point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So, yeah.
Mahmud Gaffar: Well, it's the same as the way I have been living for the last two years, I guess. Nothing changed at all. Not even progress.
Kyle Musca: Well, I guess you've got to ask from that, man. Are you happy with the way things have gone?
Mahmud Gaffar: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Mahmud Gaffar: No, it's not.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Mahmud Gaffar: Mostly, I'm concerned about my health. That's the main thing that triggers me all the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, well, time to make a change then, possibly.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Cool, man. So, yeah, it's important for you to do something then. And, you know, really, that's the main thing I need to know, because based off everything that, you know, you've told me, man, I think that what we're doing would actually, work quite well for you because, you know, at the moment, man, you want to lose roughly about 10 kilos and you're sort of struggling with just balancing it around work and just sort of knowing what you should do, how you should do it, and kind of just wanting that sort of guesswork taken out and just have the structure in place so you can just follow it and get the results you're looking for. And, you know, you're obviously concerned about, you know, longer-term health conditions if you don't end up losing this weight. So, what I can do, man, is I can give you a bit of a walkthrough of how we could actually help you with.
Mahmud Gaffar: All of this, if that's cool with you.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect. So, yeah, I think initially, man, the program itself is going to last for about three months. And the main focus there is sort of, you know, creating lifelong change. And by that, I mean, like, we need to get you to the point where you don't actually need us anymore, right?
Mahmud Gaffar: All the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So to achieve that, you'd be working 100% with me. And I'd also pay you with one of my head coaches just to make sure that you're really well supported at all times. And we, as I mentioned before, man, we specialize in helping guys just like you, guys that, you know, work long hours. They work more stressful jobs. Like, they're actually sort of doing stuff. It's not just sort of, you know, 12-hour shift to Coles. And they ideally just want to focus on, you know, making sure that they have the structure in place. They don't have to think about anything. They just know exactly what they need to do, and they go get it done, right? So realistically, you're the exact type of guy we should tend to help. Now, with that, man, you'd be working with one-on-one so we can create a, you know, lifestyle that will allow you.
Mahmud Gaffar: To, you know, get that nice lean physique, drop that 10 kilos, but far more importantly, actually be able to maintain it and continue to progress on that in the long term.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense so far?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Perfect. So, yeah, we provide you with a tailored updated plan every single week. You'd be talking with pretty much on a daily basis if need be to make sure that what you're doing is one, effective, two, enjoyable, and three, that you, like, we provide you with all the support. And accountability you need so you can actually be successful, right? Perfect. So, the first pull of the program is that it needs to be effective. And what I mean by that is, like, you need to be able to get, you know, and consistent results from day one all the way until we get you to, you know, that 80 kilos, 80-odd kilos, right? Because if you aren't getting really consistent results, it's going to feel like everything we're doing is just a complete waste of time, right? Does that make sense?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So the second pillar is that it needs to be enjoyable. And you say that loud seems pretty obvious, right? This is where a lot of guys go wrong. If you don't enjoy what you're doing to lose the weight or it doesn't fit into your life, your work schedule, whatever the case may be, it's only a matter of time until you stop. And then what happens? You fall back into old habits. Anyway, you lost your game right back. And to put in all that work, just end up in the same, if not worse position than when you started, it seems pretty pointless to me. Right? Does that make sense?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So yeah, if you were getting really consistent results and you had someone there working with you to make sure that what you're doing, you were really enjoying, and I guess just as important, you never had to do anything. just really didn't enjoy doing. Do you feel like you could stay consistent with it so we could get that 10 kilos off you and keep it off?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yep. Should we?
Kyle Musca: Yep. Perfect. Cool, man. Now, the final pillar is that we need to be able to provide you with A ton of support and accountability.
Mahmud Gaffar: Because, I mean, who's really keeping you accountable at the moment? Should be my friend. He's pushing most of the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How's that going?
Mahmud Gaffar: Both. Not always, because I usually don't listen most of the time. But still, he pushes whenever he pushes badly. That's gone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, when it's just yourself, man, or, you know, family, a friend, you know, it's hard to have that accountability factor, right?
Mahmud Gaffar: Because you guys are friends today.
Kyle Musca: Like, he tells you to do something, it's nice, but, you know, you won't necessarily do it. You know, it's much harder when, like, to let someone else down, you know, especially when they're there purely just to make sure that you're successful, right? So, it's about having someone there to give you that sort of encouragement and that reassurance so you know that you're on the right path, which will help you if you're motivated. Mm Someone to answer your questions at any time so you know how to navigate certain situations that will come up. And having someone there to give you some accountability so you don't end up giving up on yourself if you do end up struggling, right? Which is totally normal from time to time because at the end of the day, like we're human, nobody's perfect, right? It's essential just to have someone there to get you back up, get you back on track. And the key there is to figure out, you know, what went wrong so we can fix the underlying issues to make sure it doesn't keep happening in the future. Perfect. So, yeah, do you feel like if you could sort of stop having to worry about, you know, all the structure and everything like that and we just sort of provide it for you and you just knew exactly what to do, that it would make it easier for you to strip that 10 kilos and progress from there?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Mahmud Gaffar: That should be done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But at the end of the day, man, I've worked with a lot of, you know, guys that work pretty intense jobs. Usually the structure is like that, like piece of the puzzle that just clicks for them. Yeah. So on top of that, you'd also be part of our community where you'd be surrounded by a bunch of like-minded men, all similar to yourself and all chasing very similar goals, right? I've found this is not only a great tool to help you keep you feeling really motivated and inspired, but it's also a great accountability tool, man. Because I know if I was sitting on the couch after working 10, 12 hours, someone drops in the chat, you I've just worked 14 hours and gone hit three PRs. I'd like,  this guy. I'm here, you know, four PRs, right? So it's a great place to be, man. Everyone's in there just to see each other, you know, do better and be their best selves. And yeah, great place to be. So what all this means for you, man, is that we're going to help to create a healthy and a sustainable lifestyle. And something that we want to think of as your new normal, you know, one way you can, you know, get to that 80 kilos, have that nice, you know, leaner physique, remove the belly and everything like that, increase your energy, increase your confidence. But more importantly, give you all the tools. We're and the skills necessary, so you never struggle with your weight again, right?
Mahmud Gaffar: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, yeah. I'm not sure if you had a chance. Did you get a chance to check out some of the guys that have been through the program before?
Mahmud Gaffar: I will be doing it tonight, and because I was super busy. Even that last time I talked to you on Friday, I guess, or, yeah, Friday, or the message I said, like, I can't check out anything. I will be doing it later at Funda or something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's no stress, man. So some of the guys on Instagram, they're still currently on the team. Some of the guys on the website or some of the videos, man, haven't been with us for, you know, two, three, four-plus years in some cases. And I like to check in on them just to make sure, you know, see where they're at. A lot of them have not only been able to maintain where we left off, but actually keep progressing on their own terms. And I guess, like, why do you feel like that is? Like, why do you feel like they were able to keep progressing over the long term?
Mahmud Gaffar: If someone is pushing them, and in the community, the male thing, if he can do it, I can do it, kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, exactly. And, you know, we're massive believers in the idea that if you do it right, you you only have to do it once, right?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. So, yeah, well, man, I guess, you know, do you feel like this could be the answer you were looking for?
Mahmud Gaffar: Uh, yeah, should be.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I can sense maybe a little bit of hesitancy in there.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: that mean making you feel uncertain?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Is there anything that would make you feel uncertain about it?
Mahmud Gaffar: I know. It don't. It don't.
Kyle Musca: don't. Yeah. Perfect, man. So, yeah, well, I'm happy with everything we've spoken about today. I'm more than confident to get you to where you want to be. I guess the only other question is, when were you sort of hoping to get the ball rolling with things?
Mahmud Gaffar: Thank you. Um, that's a thing. Maybe day after tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Okay, perfect. So, yeah, because we have a full team involved, man, our turnaround time is pretty fast. Uh, usually I can get the first block of everything back within sort of 24 to 48 hours. Um, and then I always like it to officially start on Monday. So essentially what that would mean is like you get to basically get this week free, um, just to fill it out, get fully prepped. And then we can start fresh fully on Monday, if that sounds good to you. Perfect. So, yeah, the only other thing to do, man, would just be to go through the different packages just to see what suits you best. Uh, we've got a couple of different options, man. And we might as well just start from the top and work our way through. All right. So. So the first program is the Platinum program. Now, this is really, like, it's extremely comprehensive. It's really designed for people, you know, professional athletes, people dealing with chronic injuries or illnesses, or maybe someone's, you know, preparing to jump on stage and they want to jump on gear and everything like that, right? So very, very comprehensive, man. If we were looking at that for three months, that'd come out to be about $6,000. There is one spot left available on it, but to be honest, man, I think it's going to be a bit overkill for what you need, right? So we'll just move on from that one. Now, that brings us on to the Emerald Package. Now, this is coming into the territory of what I think will suit you really well, just because it's basically everything that we've spoken about today. This one's still very comprehensive, and it's really designed to maximize the support, the accountability, and the communication, right? So if we were looking at that option for three months, instead of $6,000. I'd bring it right down to just $3,000. And with that, you get the full customized programming. So all your training sessions, sets, reps, everything like that, fully built around your lifestyle and your goals. You'll get access to my nutritionists who will build out full meal plans for you with all your calories and macros, all your shopping lists, everything like that, 100% tailored to you. And those are 100% adjustable, unlimited time. So anytime you need tweaks, changes, anything like that, we'll get it done until it's perfect for you. You'd also get 24-7 text and call communication men directly with us. So if you have any questions or you have concerns or you're not sure about something, if you're at work and it's easy, you can just shoot us a text. Otherwise, if you want to dive into things a little bit deeper, just to really, you know, maybe there's a problem you're just not sure about or a certain situation, you can always pick up the phone, jump on the phone with us, and we will go into depth with you. Now, on top of that, we'd also be doing a weekly check-in call. This is essentially where we jump on and take a deep dive into your week, show you where you're doing well, where you could execute on things better, and basically just take a look at, you know, are you progressing at the rate we think you're capable of? And if not, what do we need to adjust in order to get you there, right? Now, on top of that, I mean, we'd also be doing a second weekly strategy call, and this is where we sit down and we plan your entire week hour by hour with you, right? So we're taking things like, you know, when you're going to be at work, when you should be training, when you should be eating, when you should be sleeping, waking up, anything else you've got on, we'd fully map it out for you. The only thing we couldn't do at that point, man, is basically get into the gym and lift the weight for you, right?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I find that's great for guys like yourself who are really, really busy because, like, it is literally your entire calendar is built out for you. Now, on top of that, we'd also run through a one-to-one educational series each week. And this is where we covered different topics about training, nutrition, recovery, you know, mindset, habits, all those types of things. Not only the theory behind it, but how does that actually practically apply to your life? So this is going to help you, one, to get better results inside the program, but the knowledge you retain from this lasts for a lifetime, right?
Mahmud Gaffar: So you never struggle with it, right?
Kyle Musca: And we only let 10 guys into that package at one time just to make sure they really get the support that comes with it, right? So there's a fair bit more that goes into it, but I finally hit the point, right? So there is one spot left available for that package, and man, I stand behind everything I say. So if you were to join, follow the game plan and not achieve a result you're absolutely stoked with, not only will I give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 cash your way for just wasting your time. So I guess with that being said, man, which options sort of jumped out to you most there?
Mahmud Gaffar: I think the one with the $3001 costs currently, even I'm not deciding. Whether properly decided whether what to do because it's same as thing and with my jobs. Mostly it's my life is going on with that job thingy. They are either sending me out of nowhere maybe for one or two weeks. So if I'm going there, I would be mostly where it is like dead end kind of thing. So if it's in a three-month package where you say like certain goals are there, you do it, you have to be in certain goals.
Kyle Musca: So with this, man, because like we work with guys all around Australia and all around the world. We have a lot of like fly-in, fly-in guys that have a similar situation where they go away for weeks at a time, really. So yeah, like that's the beauty of this is because we can sort of work with you pretty much no matter where you are. If there was something like that though, man, like if you... If you do go away for a week or two and you just absolutely can't, you know, follow the program, I am happy to extend the program for, you know, those weeks because you can't actually commit to it for that, right?
Mahmud Gaffar: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. How does that sound?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, that's perfect. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did you want to run with that option then?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, I should be. And I think I need to decide if you don't run.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Talk to me now.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah. I do need to, I need to make a decision as well with that one as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Mahmud Gaffar: That's perfect. Like you can extend the weeks and that way I can also have a proper seeing how it goes on. Yeah. That should be perfect for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Did you want to run with that one then?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Sweet. So what I'll do in that case, man, I will activate your account and then this will give you sort of like login I'll know? Yeah. Access. then we'll just run through quick questions. It'll only take us like a minute or two. That will just give me the final information I need just to get to work on your program for you, man. Perfect.
Mahmud Gaffar: let me grab. should be all right.
Kyle Musca: Let me grab this for you real quick, man. Whereabouts are based at the moment, sorry?
Mahmud Gaffar: Currently, I'm in Moorville, Victoria, but I will be going to Perth maybe end of, I don't know, this Friday.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. For a week.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, for a week I will be in Perth from Friday and I will be almost like out of network a bit.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Perfect. Perfect. Will you be sort of in Perth or like rural?
Mahmud Gaffar: I will be on, let me just see the web they told me. Ah, yeah. It's in Cooley.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. So what we'll do there, man, again, we'll just work with you on that. Will you have access to, like, you know, food and gyms and stuff there?
Mahmud Gaffar: Mm-hmm. Yeah, there is. There is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Mahmud Gaffar: So, perfect.
Kyle Musca: That's exactly where a situation like what we do works out well because we can basically be in your pocket no matter where you go. Cool, man. I just sent you an email with the activation link to create your account.
Mahmud Gaffar: Did that one come through? Let me just check. Yeah, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So if you want to click on that, it will, like, take you through to your account just to activate it. It will take probably two minutes max, maybe in, like, one minute. And that, if you want to just enter in, the first one's the main question. Questions are just the height, the age, the weight and stuff. And then there'll be a body fat percentage question, man. Can you let me know when you get to that one?
Mahmud Gaffar: Let know when just that one. Let Let when you're Um, it says about, uh, sorry, what was that? Uh, I'm just making an account of this, just give me a moment.
Kyle Musca: Yes, no worries. Thank you.
Mahmud Gaffar: Thank you. No, it doesn't say about the body fact thing you're saying about.
Kyle Musca: So there should be photos. Did it ask you for height, age, and stuff?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, it did ask for height and age. Then it asked for the body mass thingy.
Kyle Musca: Yes.
Mahmud Gaffar: Like 30% or something like that.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, perfect. Were there photos attached to that?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Where are you sitting in? Yeah, where do you think you're sitting there?
Mahmud Gaffar: 30 to 34.
Kyle Musca: 30 to 34 or 24?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah. 30 to 34%.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. So that's a good spot for us to be in. One, means we can cut through the fat quickly and build muscle at the same time because your body's in what's known as an anabolic state, right? So that's a good place for us to start in. You'll come up on all the nutrition questions now. This will help the nutritionist build your meal plans for you. Most of them are pretty sort of straightforward. A few really important things with the meal plans, we'll build, there's an option to pick two or three days. I would probably pick three just to give you more variety. You don't need to follow all the days we give you, right? And I wouldn't really recommend doing that because there'd be a lot of grocery shopping and meal prepping. I would pick like one day that you really like the look of and then you can just meal prep the entire week based off that just to make sure things are really simple and easy for you.
Mahmud Gaffar: These are things we'll discuss a little bit more once we get into the program, but just so you're aware.
Kyle Musca: And then there'll be an allergies and dislikes question, man. So anything you don't want to see in the meal plan, feel free to throw it in there. And then it's not the end of the world if you miss anything, because again, there's an unlimited... Adjustments to anything that you don't like, you're just going to change for you. Perfect. Let me know, have you gotten to the allergies, dislikes one yet?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yep, just doing that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Cool. Now, the programming, the actual training side of things, man, I'll be building from scratch based off everything we've spoken about today. How many days are going to want to get into the gym?
Mahmud Gaffar: Three. Yeah, three times. four.
Kyle Musca: Correct?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What times a week?
Mahmud Gaffar: Three or four. It depends.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Well, maybe we'll start with maybe four. Now, if you only get three, then we can maybe reassess. Yeah, we'll see how it goes. This first block specifically, man, is really just designed to build a foundation for you. So, you know, I'm sure we'll probably tweak it and change it, but just as a sort of basis to go off. Is there any specific muscle groups that you want to focus on?
Mahmud Gaffar: we'll Thank No.
Kyle Musca: Just overall?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Perfect. Okay. I can do that for you then. Cool. And then at the end, it will ask you to upload some progress photos. can skip that for now. Don't worry about that just yet. With them, just try and get them, you know, simple front, back, and side, unflexed in the bathroom mirror will do the trick.
Mahmud Gaffar: Doesn't have to be anything crazy. Just try and do it in conditions you can, you know, replicate each week. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. And then let me know once you've finished that.
Mahmud Gaffar: Um, yeah, I did. The photo, but I think I will skip one, of course, currently in the works.
Kyle Musca: What was that, sorry?
Mahmud Gaffar: It says to attach your photos, add photos.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, you can just skip that one for now. Perfect. So, yeah, once you do that, man, that should fully activate your account too, so I can get to work on everything, which is straight off this call. And then, again, we should have everything within 24 to 48 hours. As I mentioned before, I'm going to give you this entire week for free, so the program won't, the 12 weeks won't officially start until next Monday. So, technically, you're getting 13 weeks. If, for whatever reason, there's a period where you just can't commit to the program or whatever because you're at work, we can extend by a week, as I mentioned that.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. The only other thing now I need from you before we're good to go, man, is just to cover the payment for it. What I'll do is I'll just grab... This for you. What I'll do instead of doing the entire 3k, just to make it a little bit easier on you, man, we can just cover 2k today. And then again, we wouldn't officially start till next week. So it'd be five weeks from today, essentially. So ages away. And then we can just do 500 a month for the two months, if that sounds better for you.
Mahmud Gaffar: 2k right now. That's a bit tough. Because I am still working. I didn't get paid till now. I will be getting paid next week in 2k.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I get you, man.
Mahmud Gaffar: Can't we do weekly or something like that?
Kyle Musca: So unfortunately, I can't do weekly because I've got a billing company that sort of helps cover the repayments. And unfortunately, some people have just, you know, joined for a week, and then we do heaps of work from them, and we never hear back from them.
Mahmud Gaffar: Ah, okay.
Kyle Musca: What I can do... What would you sort of...
Mahmud Gaffar: I can give a solution like... I'm... Getting paid next week. And we can start that whole thing starting from next week. What do you think? Instead of starting this week, we can start from next Monday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So with that, one, we wouldn't be able to get to work before then for it, obviously for you. So you're kind of opting out of a free week there. And then two, with that, there's that one spot left available for it. So it's like, it's very likely that won't be available for it. what would you be sort of comfortable laying down sort of today, man? And then we can set up potentially the, you know, remainder of the 2K next week.
Mahmud Gaffar: Even if you push me a bit, I can't do only maybe 500 max. That's why I say next week, if I start now, I would be, I don't need out that spot. I can start from next week permanently because what I'm getting is paid from my job is a bit on another account. That's the main issue ever. I don't have issue paying right now, but I'm just saving for something else. I get my current pay, I can start it with next week. Even if you don't have that three-week thing, I can do it later as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's no stress, man. From my sort of years of coaching, man, I found success just loves speed. You know what mean? Like if you sort of think about it, you're just naturally, as humans do, you know, you just sort of talk yourself out of like, yeah, now's not the right time, I'll do it later with anything you do, right? It's just normal occurrence. What we can do, man, I know you're good for it. I can see you're sort of, you know, serious about doing this. What we can do is if it's just coming down to a pay thing, we can cover 500 now, and then maybe, you know, next week after you get paid, we can do the other 1,500. That will equal 2K, and then we can just do the 500 from the, you know, five weeks from now per month, if that works for you.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yep. Can we put it in an email of that so that after I go home and I'm just paid with my card? Okay. Because I can't do currently right now, like in front of you, because I didn't bring my card.
Kyle Musca: That's the issue.
Mahmud Gaffar: If you can email me right now, I can just put it in a pay sleep that way. That way it can help me a lot. It's not like I'm doing this so that I don't want to be in the program, something like that. It's just to share with you, I didn't bring my card, and I'm currently in my office, and I'm just totally  up. Sorry for that. Sorry for saying, but it's just I didn't bring anything. So if you can put it in an email, I can just do it by like 8.30.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's nice, man. And man, just so we're on the same page, like I want you to feel confident in the decision that you're making today. Is the program something that you actually want to do?
Mahmud Gaffar: I do. That's why I told you like I want to do it next week, because I will be getting paid every single thing. And it's not like I'm making a lie or something like that in front of you. In fact, you can see in front of me, even if I want to show you my bank, I don't have my money back with me right now. It's just empty.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, that's absolutely fine, man. Yeah.
Mahmud Gaffar: Or I can also show you my bank account as well. I literally have 500, which I can give you right now if you want.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Mahmud Gaffar: I don't have the card. That's it. Nothing else. I'm just not thinking of something like that out of nowhere. I won't be disturbed, wasting your time for like almost an hour, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I'm not questioning you. I just want to make sure that you want to do the program. I do.
Mahmud Gaffar: I do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'm here to try and help you make the best decision you feel comfortable. And I definitely don't want you to feel, you know, like you have to make a decision that you don't want to make.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Well, what we could do in that case, man, again, this is pretty common. If you want, we can just do a bank transfer.
Mahmud Gaffar: can just send you my BSB. That way there's my card.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. then security spot, I can get to work on everything for you and you can still take advantage.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yep. Yep. Perfect. That's Thank
Kyle Musca: Well, I'll do in that case is, let me just grab them for you. No. Perfect. I just sent that through on text, man.
Mahmud Gaffar: Did that come through? Yeah. Respect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. Beautiful. And then, are you part of the big four?
Mahmud Gaffar: Big four means?
Kyle Musca: Big four banks?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, I do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, sure. It should be instant. But if you want to maybe, you know, once you transfer that, maybe send me a screenshot or something just so I can secure. Thank On my side, and men, you'll be good to go from there.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yep. No, it's just...
Kyle Musca: No, it's just... Thank you.
Mahmud Gaffar: What's the name of the account?
Kyle Musca: Uh, so... The technical name of the account is Masthetics, M-A-S-S-T-H.
Mahmud Gaffar: Okay.
Kyle Musca: M-A-S-S-T-H-E-T-I-X. And then P-T-Y-L-T-D.
Mahmud Gaffar: M-A-S-S-T-H. M-A-S-T-H-I-S-I-S-T-T-S-T-T-H-I-T-H-I-S-T-H-H-I-T-H-T-H-H-I-S-S-I-S-T-S-T-I-S-T-I-S-T-S-T Thank you. Thank you. It says it will take one day.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect. could just screenshot, I guess, whatever it is.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yep, yep. That's fine.
Kyle Musca: And then send it through if that's okay. Do you have WhatsApp, by the way, man?
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, and this number. Why the hell is it not? We'll just share it with you.
Kyle Musca: What I'll do is, for this, man, I do all my communication on WhatsApp, just to keep things nice and easy in one place.
Mahmud Gaffar: So I'll send you a message there anyway. I'm just putting that message, because I can't take a screenshot of it. I don't know why.
Kyle Musca: What else? So I just sent you a message on WhatsApp as well.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah, perfect. So that is my personal WhatsApp answer. Anything you need from me at any point in time, always feel free to reach out there.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yep, No issues.
Kyle Musca: What I'll do straight up to this is I'll go have a chat with the team. I'll create a group chat with my head coach, Pat, man, just to introduce you guys. I'll send through onboarding stuff, and then he'll send you through a link to book in a call just so you can meet him.
Mahmud Gaffar: And then he'll run you through the entire system and everything like that, just to make sure everything's on your Yep, no issues. So we are done with the meetings?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man, yeah.
Mahmud Gaffar: Yeah, no good things. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, man. Man, before we wrap things up real quick, just want to make sure you're feeling absolutely confident with anything, everything. Is there anything you're feeling uncertain about at all, man?
Mahmud Gaffar: Ah, no. Everything's perfect.
Kyle Musca: Yep, awesome. Perfect, man. All right, bro, well, I'll get to work on everything for you. And yeah, if you're anything, feel free to reach out. But otherwise, I will chat to you very quickly. Yep, no worries. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 3/250 | EMP Vision Call - Joshua Lill | 2026-01-26T07:42:16Z | id:116942266
People: Joshua Lill, Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. How going?
Josh: Good. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. Can you hear me wrong?
Josh: Yep. All good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, perfect. How's the day been, man?
Josh: Hot. The Australia Day heatwave was no joke.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Where are you based in Oz? Canberra. Oh, yeah. Yeah, nice, man. Nice. Cool, bro. Well, man, I appreciate you jumping on, especially on Australia Day. Does your camera work, by the way?
Josh: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome. I just don't want be staring at my fat head the whole time. Cool, bro. Well, yeah, man, I appreciate you jumping on Australia Day. It's good to officially meet you.
Josh: And we'll have a call in about 45 minutes. So you want to rip right into things, bro? Yeah, sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. So... So... So, man, just this call is just to learn a bit more about yourself, you know, where you're at with things, where you want to take things, and, you know, if we're even the guys that are going to be able to help you in the first place. So I guess we'll start from scratch, bro.
Josh: I know we've been going back and forth on Instagram messages and everything like that, but I want to get a really good understanding of where things are at for you at the moment. What's your current body weight at the moment, man? So last time I weighed myself, I was 114 and a half.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Josh: And that was, like, first thing of a morning before doing anything. was just, like, yeah, woke up. That's the weight.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. And, okay. How long ago was that again, sir?
Josh: Like, started this week.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Josh: Well, last week.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And what's, I mean, what would you be stoked with hitting, you know, by the end of things?
Josh: I think my, like, absolute, yep, that's the weight that I want to be at, because that's the weight that I was, like, super happy. Happy with was 90, which is just about 25 kilos, which is a good, good drop.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yep. Nice man. Nice. When was the last time you were 90?
Josh: Two years ago before I hurt my shoulder. I had to take some time off of training and whatnot and just slowly put on more weight than I wanted to. But yeah, it's all better now, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. And I mean, you kind of touched on it a little bit there, but like, why do you actually feel like you've really sort of struggled with your weight in that sort of previous two-year period?
Josh: It was just less exercise, truly. It was just slowing down in terms of how active I was and then not changing my eating to match that. So that decrease in activity, eating the same amount, just sort of getting weight.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So yeah, before the injury, then you could kind of get away with the, you know, of don't. By it being a bit, you know, average.
Josh: bit more lax, yeah. Because I just work it off on the days that I was training super hard and yeah, it's no problem.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. Cool, man. And I guess like in the last two years, man, what have you sort of previously tried to fix this? Have you followed any sort of, you know, formal nutritional exercise plans, anything like that?
Josh: Nothing super formal. The last time that I lost a whole bunch of weight was definitely not in a very good way, was like 2,000 calories a day, exactly irrespective of how much exercise I was doing. And I was running 5Ks a day, weightlifting four times a week, had sport on top of that two or three nights a week. And it was just like, yeah, that's not sustainable. I lost weight really quickly, but it's not a good way to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, so yeah, you were doing heaps on the energy. Expandage side of things. then probably felt like the 2K calis was a bit maybe low.
Josh: Yeah, probably a little bit just because I'm decently tall and I have, I don't want to say a huge amount of muscle, but not nothing, like a decent amount of basal there as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And when you were doing that, man, how much weight did you end up losing?
Josh: I dropped 30 kilos in a span of three months.
Kyle Musca: Oh, wow.
Josh: Okay. Yeah. So when I say it wasn't sustainable, it's, it's really not the way to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. And how long ago was that?
Josh: Uh, maybe six years.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I guess that's been quite a while.
Josh: Yeah. But I had managed to stay pretty consistent after that. I'm mostly just building muscle for, you know, until I did my shoulder.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. And have you tried anything in the last two years to sort of get back on top of things or?
Josh: Only in the last like three or four months where I've sort of started tracking my calories again, started increasing my exercise a bit more. But I don't know if it's, I'm not in a big enough deficit where I'm sort of losing weight faster than I might be building muscle or what it might be because like, yeah, just haven't seen much in the way of a shift despite getting way better cardio, getting stronger in the gym. Like my weights are going up every week or every other week. It's like, just seems to be doing most of the right things, but not quite all of them.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So yeah, like your strength's increasing, your cardio's improving, but you just haven't seen any loss of weight?
Josh: I've seen like some things in terms of like getting better off like my stomach and like the fitment of some clothes and stuff has gotten better, but nothing in terms of actual scale movement from when I started weighing myself because I went for a good while where I just didn't want to look at that number.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So it's kind of, from the sounds of it, it kind of seems like, you know, you've done something extreme six years ago. So it did work, but just wasn't really sustainable. And now we're sort of, you know, trying, you know, doing things, putting in the work with the cardio, the gym and everything like that. But the diet just isn't really seeing a shift in weight scale at least.
Josh: Yeah. Like I definitely feel like I'm leaning out slowly, but just not moving that scale number and playing volleyball being 150 kilos, even if it is all muscle is not the way.
Kyle Musca: To do it. it.
Josh: Another way to play the sport.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. And I guess, you know, maybe help me to understand, man, like why you, you know, might be looking at getting outside help with this instead of, you maybe just trying to figure it out on yourself.
Josh: It's more so just for like partially the outside opinion. Like, you know, at the end of the day, I don't have any formal training with this sort of thing. Like it's all just information that I've accumulated over time from different people, but there could always be a more reliable method out there that I'm just not aware of. And I guess there's also the accountability factor of it stops me from going back to that extreme side of things where, you know, if we end up dropping a whole bunch of weight, there's nothing to stop me from, well, there's something to sort of stop me from going too.
Kyle Musca: Right. Okay. Yeah. So ideally just sort of, you know, some professional guidance to, you know, fill the gaps on, you I guess at the end of the day, if you don't know something, you don't know it. Right. And then, yeah, just a little bit of like accountability, not so much in the sense of, you know, keeping you on track, but making sure that things are nice and balanced so you can recover properly, feel good while you're still seeing that progress.
Josh: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Perfect, man. That makes sense. And I guess, well, let's say, besides a little bit of guidance and some of that accountability, man, like, let's say, you know, you and I were to sit down, you know, and really map this out with coaches and nutritionists, everything like that, in terms of like, one, I guess, the amount of time that you actually have available or the level of support you're going to need, or even just like the resources you'd like us to provide. What do you really feel like you would need, you know, from someone like us in order to be successful?
Josh: I definitely think the... Biggest thing for me is just the information side of things. Like I'm a big resource person. Like the more information that I have, the better I am. And like seeing the website in the video that was sent through seems like a great place to be able to get, you know, more information as well as having the nutrition side of things there, which can obviously speed things up a good bit. Um, and yeah, just like, again, I think accountability is probably the big thing that I'm sort of thinking will be a help.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So yeah, from the sounds of it, you sound like the kind of guy that, yeah, would love the structure and everything like that to follow, which will feed into, I guess, the accountability side of things. But in the sounds of it, like also, you know, continue to enhance your own knowledge on it so you can, you know, I guess, do it yourself.
Josh: Yeah. mean, at the end of the day, it. If I get all the information that I need, great. And, you know, having someone there along the way is also really, really helpful. Having the information helps me in the long-term, like the sustainable side of things, whereas having someone there helps in like the immediate period.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yes, yeah. So covering off the sort of short-term, getting to the result, but then the long-term knowledge will actually sustain it and maintain it forever, essentially. Yeah. Okay. Nice, man. I like that. Okay. So you've been, you know, actively trying to lose the weight again in the last three months or so. I guess what's been holding you back from sort of trying, you know, before this? Obviously, there was the injury and the recovery period, but I guess like what sort of clicked for you three months ago to get back on the wagon?
Josh: There was a definite period where I just hadn't realized quite how much I'd put back on. And then there was sort of that. Yeah. Moment of time of, like, I actually want to take myself to the next level of volleyball, which means getting my diet really dialed in to get that bit lighter, to then jump higher, be able to, you know, do all the things that I need to do in my sport. So, you know, moving into that next level requires me to be a little bit more dialed, which currently I'm not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, okay. Okay, so yeah, I'd like, and purpose of this is obviously to feel and look good, but also to perform better in volleyball and as you get to that next level of performance.
Josh: Yeah, because, you know, it's not forever that I'll be able to play at, like, a higher level. So if I can get at least a couple of years out of state, then that'd be pretty good in my eyes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, gotcha, man. And I guess just to follow on from that, like, why now, though? you. you. Thank Why not just sort of, you know, keep pushing this down the road, like most men tend to do, who never actually end up losing the weight, increasing strength, increased, you know, athletic performance.
Josh: Like, why now, though? There's not really been like a, this is my now moment, but I just, you know, have kind of got sick of looking the way that I do, and have just wanted to really make that big shift. So I think that's kind of my reason is wanting to make the change to then see the better side of things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, yeah, I see. Yeah, just sort of, yeah, getting sick of the direction that things are heading in, essentially.
Josh: Yeah, plus, you know, it'd be better to lose weight, because that makes it easier to run, and, you know, as soon as things get easier, it becomes a lot easier to do. Things, which sounds intuitive, but sometimes gets overlooked.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, no, absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. And do you feel like you've had that sort of, it might not have been like an instant decision, but do you feel like you've sort of hit that, this is the time mark or?
Josh: Yeah. I mean, it's kind of why I was like, yep, got to jump on this call, got to make it happen because like, this is the time that I'm going to be making that change and sticking with it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Josh: Okay. Awesome, man.
Kyle Musca: Indefinitely. Okay. And well, I guess, you know, besides the obvious of just, you know, trying to get a bit healthier, trying to get a bit fitter, even trying to perform better in volleyball, man. And what are the reasons, you know, really behind wanting to lose this weight?
Josh: I definitely think volleyball is like my driving factor. And then outside of that, like, I just want to get. Healthier in a way that then also could encourage my partner as well. Like, neither of us are necessarily on the obese side of things, but we definitely both have some weight that we can lose. And so there's a little bit of that, like, being a role model for her and being, like, an example for myself as well. Like, having that accountability within myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, yeah, you kind of want to take the accountability to do it for yourself, to be a role model. And I guess it kind of lead her to that decision as well, both of your lives.
Josh: Yeah, so that way we can, you know, go on runs with our little dog and, you know, not, at the end of the day, feel like we are just sitting around doing nothing with ourselves and just sort of wasting potential.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, Okay, that's awesome. And I guess on that, like, does your part... Do to sort of feel the same in that sense? Have you spoken to her about this?
Josh: Yeah, we're both in the realm of, like, we want to lose weight and we want to get healthier and fitter. And so we're both sort of making moves in our own ways to get that done. But I tend to be like a, let me lead my example and, you know, help you down the road as well. Because if we could work together, then all the better for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. I guess it comes down to, like, you know, every couple wants to get fitter. But until one of them decides to actually, like, start doing it, then nothing really happens, right?
Josh: Yeah, it's the need someone to push the ball down the hill.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. And I guess, like, how often is it sort of, you know, thinking about your weight? Is it like a daily basis thing or?
Josh: it's definitely probably once or twice a week at least. Like, it's definitely... Every now and again, sometimes when I'm just like, you know, trying something on and I'm like, actually, I don't want to wear that right now because my gut is sticking out. Like, I just shouldn't be doing that. And I know from experience that there's times where it hasn't done that. And so, you know, just wanting to make those changes so that I can also feel more comfortable in what I wear and more confident. And it's all going to be one big snowball of making changes lead to big improvements overall.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I get you. Okay. So there's like a confidence element that will come with it, which is a bit of a given when you lose a considerable amount of weight. Okay. Okay. And I know you mentioned like wearing clothes and having the stomach stick out and everything like that. But like when you do think about your weight, like what exactly goes through your mind?
Josh: Um, there's definitely been the thought of like, I'd like to see myself with abs sometimes, like that would be fun, but. I don't think that's like my driving factor. think at the end of the day, the thing that with my weight that I really want is one, I hate that I've got a three-digit number associated with my weight. Like, I'm in kilos. I got the easier job. Yeah. So, you know, having the three numbers there is a little bit of a, oh, that sucks. But outside of that, it's just sport. Like, again, my biggest driving factor is sport and being there for my partner because, you know, I want us to have a healthy life that lasts as long as possible. And the best way to do that is lift heavy and not be overweight.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. definitely. Okay. And how long has that all been going on for?
Josh: Um, personally, like, the last... 12 months is when I've been sort of really wanting to make that shift or like thinking about making that shift. And then, you know, I, we moved here, I stopped driving to and from work and I've got a standing desk at work so I can stand more. And, you know, we made a whole bunch of changes with our lifestyle where we are a lot more active. And I definitely saw some changes then, but that's sort of hit a plateau where I haven't lost anymore, but I also don't know how much I was when I first started losing weight. So, yeah, it's sort of been a, have slowly felt a little bit better, have now hit this roadblock, tried ways of getting around the roadblock, hasn't fixed it. But how can I get around this roadblock? Well, let's reach out to someone who knows things and. And can offer that guidance, knowledge, and support and go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So, I mean, like you've actively taken steps to try and improve it. And then you've just sort of hit a bit of a, like a plateau, a bit of a wall by the sounds of things. And it's just more about, you again, filling in the gaps of, you know, if you don't know something, you don't know it.
Josh: Right.
Kyle Musca: So just getting some professional eyes on it to sort of get the ball rolling with it a bit more.
Josh: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. I got you, man. Okay. So I guess, man, like you've been thinking about really, you know, getting on top of it for the last 12 months. And from the sounds of it, like, you know, I'm really actively pursuing it for the last three months specifically. And I guess dealing with, you know, wanting to become that better version of yourself. It's sort of, you know, hitting that wall, hitting that plateau where you sound like you are putting in the effort, but things just aren't, you know, shifting, especially on the scale and from a weight side of things. Or, you know, getting the last three months specifically, has that itself been having an effect on you?
Josh: It's definitely been a little bit of like a, what's the point in a way, but I also try and not let it hold me back because I know that weight plateau is a thing, especially when, you know, it's a longer term diet. Like, I'm going to use the term cut, even though it's, it's not like a formal cut because I don't have the muscle mass for that or the desire to compete or anything. But, yeah, like over a longer term cut, you can see plateaus and, you know, you have to either shift activity level or sometimes there's like the, I forget the name of it, but basically you have like a week off. And then you go back and you can sometimes see a shift again because your body basically is like, oh. I'm just going to slow everything down and then you plateau and, you know, I'm drawing diagrams as if you can see them on my notebook, but like, I'm sure you, you know what I'm sort of saying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like a diet break, have you done, have you done the diet break?
Josh: Like, I haven't done one just because I don't want to like say, oh yeah, it's going to just be a diet break and then I'll be back on that ball rolling down the hill at, you know, record speeds. But I just don't know if that is what it is or if there's potentially just like untracked calories that I'm not really noticing.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah. So, yeah. So from the sounds of it, like you're sort of, you know, again, you're putting in the work, you're sort of, I guess, not sure on what the, it sounds like you're not sure on really what. What the next step should be, whether it goes down the route of something like a diet break to try and fix it, but then you're also sort of second-guessing yourself whether or not that is sort of the right maneuver or is it more of like, you know, am I just doing something wrong beforehand before that's even necessary type thing?
Josh: Yeah, and that's the thing is because I was able to hold like such a strict diet for three months and lost weight pretty consistently over that whole time, having a similar diet but less restricted and, you know, plateauing already. I'm sort of like, well, is there something that I'm doing differently? Am I just way less active now than I was back then? Because, you know, I was in school back then. had runs of a morning, had sport at school, had gym in the afternoon. Like, there was way... Any more activities scattered throughout my day than there currently is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'll get you, man. That makes sense. Okay. Okay. So, all right. Well, I guess to follow on from all that stuff, man, like suppose in, you know, six months, we're sort of able to take out that guesswork for you, Just give you really clear instructions on, you know, what needs to improve, where you may be going wrong, how to execute a little bit better, and then give you all that sort of, you know, structure so you can just, you can just follow, right? Just like we have with thousands of other guys we've worked with. How would your life, you know, actually be different than it is right now?
Josh: I definitely think there would be a thing of like more self-confidence, which then leads to a whole range of other stuff, you know, there tends to be impacts with confidence and libido and all sorts of stuff, which I've... Looked out for a wide range of reasons. I'm just, I enjoy science. So I like looking at stuff, but also being more active, encouraging for my partner, being able to, you know, be more mobile throughout the day, having more energy that lasts throughout the day, not having weird, like, peaks and troughs that seem to have no real causation or correlation with anything. But just being more consistent, I think, is what happens at the end of the day, in my eyes, is like, there's no reason where if I lost the weight that I would need to hesitate about doing things, like, I would just be able to jump in and be like, yeah, I can do that. Yep. I'm on that sort of thing. Like, like, can maybe do a bit more stuff than what I could otherwise.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So, yeah. So ideally, you know, be able to regain some of that confidence and just have more mobility to get through the day, you know, whether that's just sort of walking around the house, whether it's, you know, performing in volleyball, everything like that. then also just be sort of the leader in your relationship, as you sort of mentioned a couple of times now.
Josh: Yeah. What I'm thinking is the goal in my mind.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That makes sense, man. Okay. So, well, yeah, like if you were to imagine yourself, you know, six months from now, you've lost 25 odd kilos and, you know, you're feeling your best, you're looking your best, you know, you've got that confidence. You can wear your favorite clothes without having to worry about your stomach sticking out. You know, I'm not sure if this 100% applies to you, but you can even take your shirt off and feel absolutely confident knowing that you're in, you know, peak physical condition. You know, when you, when you go and play volleyball, you know, that your performance is, is far better than. It is right now simply because you're not carrying around that extra weight that's just holding you back. So it's not even a skill thing rather than like a legitimate sort of ability thing carrying an extra 25 kilos, right? Yeah.
Josh: I mean, try jumping, holding, you know, 25 kilos more weight than what you should be.
Kyle Musca: You definitely got to feel it. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. And, you know, by focusing all that stuff, man, like you've been able to sort of be the leader in your relationship and, you know, be the one that sort of keeps your partner accountable to continue pursuing it as well. And you're not only in your best shape possible, but you're both in your best shape possible and your relationship's never really been stronger just because you're enjoying life so much more together. When you pitch yourself in that situation, having become the best version of yourself that you want to be, I guess, how does that make you feel?
Josh: I mean, it feels pretty good. That's, I think. Like, part of my decision-making process is, like, imagining what the future outcome is. And so I've sort of pictured that down-the-road image a few times, and it's like, yeah, that's something I really want to get to, not only for myself, but for, like, our little family, basically. Basically, because at the end of the day, if I'm not trying to get better in one way or another, then what am I doing? Like, it's, life's all about improving in one way or another.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely, man. You know, I find that if you're not sort of moving forward, you're usually moving backwards, right?
Josh: You never really just sort of stay in one place. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, and I got to ask, man, like, on the flip side of that is, like, you know, what happens if you sort of never go out there and fully commit to yourself and you never go get the right skills, sorry, the right. So you can learn the right skills. And as time goes on, man, you keep putting in this work, but, you know, the scale just doesn't sort of shift or move. And, you know, that thought in the back of your mind of like, you know, what's the point just continues to climb and climb to the point where, you know, you don't even, you stop doing everything, right? Because you just don't feel like it's worth the return. And, you know, as time goes on, you keep gaining weight, your performance in volleyball drops simply because of that additional weight. You know, nothing really ever changes in your current relationship because you were never able to become that sort of leader and, you know, sort of, I guess, pave the pavement, if that makes sense, like lead the way to actually show you what's possible. And when things just, you know, get even worse, I guess, what would that sort of be like for you, man?
Josh: And it'd pretty, pretty suck. Like it sucked pretty bad. I don't really have much more to say on it than it definitely isn't ideal. And, you know, would definitely be. I guess a little bit sad to, you know, spend the next, call it 70 years, you know, being generous that I lived to 90, being this weight or heavier would just not be a good place to be. Like, I think I could happily be at 90 for the rest of my life, but I don't want to be this weight for another 12 months. I don't want to be at this weight for another three months even. Like, I definitely want to be making that shift sooner rather than later.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So, yeah. So, yeah, it's really about, like, I guess, you know, not just time either. It's the quality of life that you actually lead, even if, you know, theoretically you had the same time with both lifestyles, right? Yeah.
Josh: I mean, there's a massive difference in terms of... So it's like end of life, quality of life, depending on how much effort you sort of put in when you're younger, because there's massive studies with reduction in osteoporosis when you've consistently strength trained in your younger years to your older years.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely, man. There's a lot of, I guess, side tangents. I could go down with that as well, but it'll take a while. Absolutely. Okay. So yeah, I guess time to make a change then, possibly.
Josh: Yeah, that's definitely what I'm looking for, is to make a change.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Okay. So yeah, it's important for you to do something, and that's really the main thing I need to know, because based off everything you've told me, I think that what we're doing, you know, would actually work quite well for you. Because, you know, at the end of the day, I mean, you said you wanted to lose that sort of 25 odd kilos, and at the moment, you're sort of putting in the effort, you're putting in the work, but that scale. Okay. Let's I was just not really shifting and from sounds of things, it's probably more so coming from your diet and also a bit of recovery as well, just based off, you know, you really aggressively cutting in the past and feeling like that was quite overwhelming.
Josh: Well, was, yeah, sorry, that's just like fully cut off.
Kyle Musca: No, you're good.
Josh: It was definitely aggressive, but I definitely think that like there was part of it that the big jumpstart, like the first week I dropped seven kilos, which granted a lot of it's probably water weight, you know, don't know how much excess water there was and that sort of thing. But seeing such a big jump right off the rip was a big like, oh, I can really do this. Like it was a big dopamine hit just straight off the bat. And so I just kept being super aggressive the whole way through, which again, it's not sustainable.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, ideally we'd want to. Find that fine line of where it is aggressive to the point where, you know, the results are really motivating in themselves, but, like, also making sure we're balancing that with sustainability so you can actually, like, see it through, right?
Josh: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man.
Josh: And not just a yo-yo diet for the next however long. Yeah. Something consistent would be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. Cool, man. Well, what I can do is I can give you a walkthrough of how we could, you know, actually help you with all of this if that's cool with you.
Josh: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. So, you know, I think the program itself initially will last for about six months. And the focus there is on, you know, creating a lifelong change. And by that I mean, like, I want to get you to the point where, like, you don't actually need us anymore, right? Yeah. So to achieve that, man, you're to be working with me 100% of the time. And I'm also going to pay you with one of my head coaches just to make sure that you're really well supported at all times. And, you know, we specialize in helping, you know, guys like yourself. Guys that want to strip the weight, they want to build muscle in the process, they, you know, often want to perform better for either their job or in your case, you know, a sport, and also be the sort of leader for their family. So I guess, you know, in reality, man, like you're exactly the type of guy we usually tend to help. Now, with that, man, you'd be working with us one-on-one so we can create a lifestyle that, you know, would allow you to achieve that ultimate goal of losing 25 kilos. But far more importantly, like, actually be able to maintain and progress on it over the long term. All right. Does that make sense so far?
Josh: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. So, yeah, what we do is we provide you with a tailored, updated plan every single week. But you'd be working with us pretty much on a daily basis, if need be, to make sure that what you're doing is, one, effective, two, enjoyable, and three, that, you know, we actually provide you with all the support and accountability you need. So you can actually be successful, right?
Josh: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome, man. So. So, yeah, the first pillar is that, you the program needs to be effective. And what I mean by that is, like, you need to be able to get, you know, consistent results from day one all the way until we get you, you know, down that 25 kilos. Because if you aren't getting really consistent results, man, it's going to feel like a complete waste of time. And as he mentioned before, losing that seven kilos in that first week probably was the motivator that, you know, allowed you to keep doing it so aggressively for that period of time. So, getting off to a strong start, from the start all the way through, super important. We just need to make sure it's a little bit better balanced this time.
Josh: Yeah, not so hard, but still hard.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. We want to get the weight off, but make sure your life doesn't suck in the first hands.
Josh: Yeah, and not just losing a crazy amount of muscle mass as well, because obviously muscle atrophy is a part of losing weight, regardless of how you do it. But we want to make that percentage as small as humanly possible.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So, yeah, the biggest thing there is like balancing. I'm it's all geared right for you. Cool, man. So, yeah, the second pillar is that, like, it needs to be enjoyable, right, which ties into what we kind of just said there. And, yeah, at it's pretty  obvious, right? This is where a lot of guys go wrong, though. Like, if you don't enjoy what you're doing or lose the weight or it doesn't fit into your lifestyle, whatever the case may be, it's only a matter of time until you stop. And then what happens then? You fall back and do old habits. You gain the weight right back. And, you know, to put in all that, you know, the time and the effort, man, just to end up in the same, if not worse, position than when you started, it seems pretty pointless to me, right? So, I guess, like, if you were getting really consistent results and, you you had someone there working with you to make sure that what you were doing you were actually enjoying, and I guess just as importantly, you never had to do anything you just really didn't enjoy doing. Do you feel like you could stay consistent with it so we could strip that 25 kilos and keep it off?
Josh: Honestly, I honestly don't think that the consistency... would be a problem at that point. Like it's being set up for success in every way possible. And then just having to execute that seems much easier than the current guesswork that I'm putting in and just like hoping that it's making the changes that I'm sort of looking for.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely, man. I find, you know, with, you know, I've obviously done hundreds of thousands of these calls, man, I find, you guys like yourself, yeah, it's really just about taking out that guesswork, having that structure. And then like, it's not usually an execution problem at that point.
Josh: Like you're usually pretty up to the races there.
Kyle Musca: So cool, man. The final pillar is that like, you we need to be able to provide you with a ton of support and accountability. Cause I mean, like who's really keeping you accountable at the moment?
Josh: At the moment, it's kind of just like me for the most part. And, you know, sort of have a little bit with my partner where we're talking about like, hey, let's go to. The gym. And so we sort of self, like we interchangeably suggest like, let's go work out. Let's go, you know, get our workout done before we settle in for the night after work or, you know, head off early in the morning and do it then. So there's a little bit there, but aside from that, it's kind of just, yeah, mostly self-driven.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, at the end of the day, man, like it's, it's, it's very easy to let yourself down. Right. Especially in like sort of a partnered, you know, environment as well. You know, it's very easy to sort of, I guess, let each other down while you're letting yourself down, if that makes sense.
Josh: Right. Yeah. Yeah. There's like the complacency factor of like, it's so much easier to just not doing anything, but it's not necessarily the right thing to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Well, you know, it's much harder to let someone else down, especially when they're there purely just to make sure that you're successful, right? So it's about having someone there to give you that, I guess, encouragement and reassurance so you know that you're on the right path, which will help keep you feeling really motivated. Someone to, you know, answer any questions that you may have at any time so you know how to, you know, navigate certain situations that may come up. And I guess someone just to give you some accountability so you don't end up giving up on yourself if you do end up struggling, which, you know, at the end of the day, man, like it's totally normal. Like we're all human, nobody's perfect, right? It's just important to have someone there to lift you back up, get you back on track. And the key there is to figure out, I guess, what went wrong so we can fix the underlying issues to make sure it doesn't happen again in the future, right?
Josh: Yeah, I mean, kind of hard to prevent injury. But I think there's the bigger factor of play at play of like, there was a while where I'd recovered from my injury, but I was still scared of the
Kyle Musca: Intrigue, if that makes sense. Yeah.
Josh: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, again, that's, you when working with someone, especially a professional, to sort of, like, monitor all that stuff, just, you know, it saves a ton of trial and error, but also it keeps you safe at the same time.
Josh: So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I I guess, like, do you feel like if you could sort of, you know, have the structure, have the direction, have someone there to, you know, bounce ideas off so you don't have to sort of guess yourself, that it would make it easier for you to, you know, finally strip that 25 kilos and, you know, progress from there?
Josh: Yeah. I definitely think it would make a massive difference. And who knows? I might get to 90 and still be like, actually have a little bit more to lose. But, you know, the initial milestone would definitely be way easier, having someone to be able to bounce ideas off of, like, ask questions to, having that sort of sounding board in a way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. Thank you, man. Just a quick sec. Do you mind if quickly put my laptop on charge?
Josh: It's about to go flat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's all good. Two seconds, man. All right. We're back. Cool. All right. Sweet, man. So, yeah, at the end of the day, like that stuff, yeah, makes a huge, huge difference. So, on top of all that, man, you'd also be part of our community where you'd, you know, be surrounded by a bunch of like-minded men who are all chasing similar goals. And I found it's a great place. It's to not only keep you feeling really motivated and inspired, but it's also a really good accountability tool. Because I know for me, man, like if I'm sitting on the couch after a long day of work, I'm feeling pretty lazy. Someone drops in the chat, you know, I've just worked 14 hours and gone and hit three PRs. I'm like,  this guy, I'm going to hit four PRs, you know what mean? So it's a fantastic place to be, man. You know, it's really supporting, really uplifting. And yeah, also a really great accountability factor. So, yeah, essentially, man, what else means for you is that we're going to help you to create a healthy and a sustainable lifestyle. And something that we want to think of as your new normal. You know, one way you can, you know, reach that sort of 90 kilo mark, but far more importantly, continue progressing and building on that over the long term, right?
Josh: Yeah. Like if I can build more strength in the interim, not only is 90 kilos going to be a lot better in terms of not being so heavy, but. Also, just being way more athletic and explosive, which will, again, make another massive difference with sport.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely, absolutely. And I guess that comes into the factor of doing things right, man. We don't want to just, like, get you down to 90 kilos and then, you know, you just end up skinny fat and then you have to go into a really long building phase, man. We want to do it, like, properly so we can kind of combine those two phases into one and get you to your end-end goal a lot sooner otherwise, right?
Josh: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, yeah, we're massive believers in the idea that, you know, if you do it right and you only have to do it once, right? So, yeah, man, I guess, like, do you feel like this could be the answer you were sort of looking for?
Josh: I definitely think that it's got, like, everything that I was looking for in terms of it's going to give me knowledge base. It's going to give me accountability. It's going to give me all the things that I was looking to get. So, yeah, think it's a pretty good spot in mind. My eyes to put myself in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect, man. Perfect. Well, you know, I'm, I'm happy with everything we've spoken about today and yeah, I'm all in confident we can, you know, get you to where you want to be. I guess the only other question I had was like, when were you sort of hoping to get the ball rolling with everything?
Josh: Sooner rather than later is kind of where I'm at is. Percy, it's not, this is not the time. Sorry. Dog was like, yeah, I want to be on camera. Oh, yeah. Sooner rather than later is where I'm currently at. Like the sooner I can sort of get things shifting, the sooner I can get to where I want to be, which at the end of the day, who doesn't want to reach their goals faster when they're actually committed to reaching their goals?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely, man. Absolutely.
Josh: Okay. I've also got, sorry, just very quickly, I have a note on my like screen to be like, yeah, the code word was bonus.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's all good, man. I can send you that through later. Or if we decide to move forward, I can just upload that straight into your app so you have direct access to that, as well as all the other educational content that I'll put into it as well. But, okay. So, yeah, because we have a full team involved in this, man, our turnaround time is pretty fast. Usually we can get the first block of everything back within sort of 24 to 48 hours. And essentially what that means is because it's Monday, man, I always like to start, you know, officially on a Monday. So essentially means you have, you know, this whole week to fill everything out, prep, essentially get this whole week free. Get ready. then we would officially start, you know, the six months on Monday, if that sounds good to you.
Josh: Yeah, that sounds good. Which would then take us through to August.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah. That sounds good, man. So, awesome. Well, yeah, the only other thing to go through is just the different packages, just to see what's going to suit you best. So we've got a couple of different options available, man. We might as well start at the top and just work our way through. So the first is the Platinum program. Now, this is extremely comprehensive. It's really designed for professional athletes, people dealing with chronic injuries or illnesses. Maybe someone's preparing to, you know, they want to take a bunch of gear, get extremely straight to jump on stage and compete, right? Yeah. So extremely, extremely comprehensive. If we were looking at six months for that, man, that'd come out to be about $10,000. There is one spot left for it, but to be honest, like, I don't really think you'll need that one. It's probably going to be a bit overkill for what you need. So we'll just move on from that. So that would bring us on to the Emerald package, man. Now, this is still really, really comprehensive. It's really, you know, built to maximize support, accountability, and communication. Now, if we were looking at the six-month option for that, man, bring it from $10,000. $1,000 right down to $5,000, and that covers the entire six months. So there's no additional charges, fees, or anything like that on top. Now, as I mentioned, man, it's very, very comprehensive still. So that comes with a full customizing program, customized program built 100% around your lifestyle, your body, your goals. Full nutritional guidance with meal plans, calories, macros, shopping lists, everything like that, all really simply laid out and tailored to you by our nutritionists. Now, this goes without saying, but everything to do with your program has unlimited adjustments. So if you don't like anything at any point in time, we'll get it swapped out for you straight away. With that, you also get 24-7 text and call support and communication. So if you have any questions, you know, we're very, very actively on that. Need any clarification, anything like that, right? You can either, if it's easier, you can just shoot us a text. Otherwise, if you want go into a little bit more depth and have a conversation, you can just let us know. We'll jump on a call and go through it more in more detail that way. Now, on top of that menu. We'd be doing a weekly checking call. And this is essentially where we take a deep dive into a week. We look at, you know, how you're progressing. If we think that, you know, you're progressing at the rate we think that you're capable of, where you need to improve, where you could execute a little bit better. And if there's any adjustments that we need to make, that's, you know, when we'll make them, right? Just make sure that we're really, really on top of everything, right? Yep. That's the check-in call. We'd also have a second weekly strategy call. And this is where we essentially plan your week, your entire week, hour by hour, right? So we take into consideration when you're going to be at work, when you'd be sleeping, when you should be having meals, when you should be going training, when you should be, you spending time with the missus. Obviously, all built 100% around your lifestyle. There's going to be things that, you know, social time, for example, right?
Josh: I'm going to say, you're going to spend time with your missus in this period. It's like only gym or family time.
Kyle Musca: No other obligation. Yeah. Yeah. So all 100% built around your... Your week. And everything's fully mapped out for you. So you don't have to think about anything. It's basically as done for you as possible. The only thing we can't do at that point is get into the gym and actually lift the weight for you, right? And then on top of that, man, we'd also run you through our one-to-one series, our educational series each week, and cover different topics on training, nutrition, habits, mindsets, all those type of things, recovery, and how that sort of practically applies to your life specifically, right? So there's a theory component, but how does that actually translate into your life, right? And, you know, the reason we do that is to really enhance your own knowledge. So one, you can execute better, but also that information retains for a lifetime, right? So you never struggle with this issue again. There's a fair bit more that goes into it, but I feel like you get to the point. Get the point. And with that one as well, you know, we do take on a relatively small group for that just because it is so comprehensive. So there's one spot left available for that. Now, with all the packages, man, I offer a... 100% guarantee. So if you follow the game plan, you don't receive, you don't get the results you're sort of stoked with. Not only will I give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 cash your way for wasting your time. So I guess with all that being said, man, did any of those options jump out to you at all?
Josh: I definitely think I need to, like, read over them. Like, I'm much better with, like, basically an email where I can sit down and read through exactly what everything is and weigh it up. Just because, you know, especially when money's involved, I've got to make sure that it all fits within budget and isn't making anything more difficult. Like, because at the end of the day, sometimes eating well gets expensive. And so making sure that nothing is going to be impacted too heavily is a big part of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely, man. Absolutely. And I appreciate you bringing that up because at the end of the day, man, like, you know, we're doing this to sort of, you help you get the most out of it. So last thing we want you to do is be on the streets pecking for money just because you've put yourself out financially to do something like this. So I guess is just so I'm on the same page with you, man, is the program something that you, you know, do want to do and it sounds like it is a right fit for you and it's just mainly finances you want to sort of run over?
Josh: I, it's definitely sort of looking that way. Um, it's like, it seems to be, uh, looks like it'll be a great fit in terms of programming. I just want to be able to sort out like on paper, how it fits in money wise and making sure that it's not going to be stretched too thin or, you know, making a decision that I then can't uphold or whatever that might be.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, for sure. For sure. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. And I guess like, well, process side, man. Would you do the program?
Josh: I think so. I mean, my initial thought is like, yeah, this sounds really good. Sounds like it's all the things that I'm sort of looking for. And then, you know, I just have to work out the logistics side of things on my end to ensure that I'm going to be able to commit wholeheartedly and not just sort of waste everyone's time. Because what's the point of signing up to this if I'm not fully in on it? Because then it's just not great for everyone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, no, for sure, man. For sure. Okay. Perfect. And just so I'm on the same page, man, like on a scale of one to 10, with 10 being, you know, the program is exactly what you're looking for. It's perfect. I couldn't add anything to it if I tried. And one is like, I'm a complete dickhead. I fully miss the mark of what you're looking for. And it's just not, it's not a good fit for you at all. Where are we sort of sitting on that spectrum?
Josh: See? See? Like a 9 or a 10 in that, like, I'm the sort of person where I don't really believe in, like, 10s because, like, nothing at the end of the day is truly, like, yep, zero change. But from everything that we've sort of spoken about, it seems like it's a great fit. seems like it's got great information and a great amount of support, which all seems to be, well, which is exactly what I'm looking for. So, you know, there's nothing that I immediately think of that I'm like, oh, wish that was different.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, it's, in my eyes, at least a 9 and then, again, leaning towards that 10. Yeah, okay. Yeah, fantastic, man. Well, I guess, yeah, well, 9s, I guess you kind of ran over it a little bit, but just so I'm, again, fully, fully on the same side of the table with you, man. 9s pretty high. I guess, like, why isn't it lower?
Josh: I think when it comes to it being lower. There things like quote-unquote missing. So if we had gone over this sort of information and then been like, oh yeah, there's actually, you know, this massive section that is totally skipped over, such as being able to ask questions. Like if it's like, yeah, here's a booklet and this is the booklet and deal with that, like that's not going to be super helpful to me. Especially over a long time. And then, you know, if it could be a one, if it was like, just, yeah, we'll send you out a meal plan, stick to the meal plan and call. Cause it's not building anything like it's not focused on what I actually am looking for. It's just very general and vague. And that, in my eyes, is, you know, lower on the fit scale than sort of the comprehensive knowledge that you've shared with me over the past 50-ish minutes. So I'm that we've run a little bit over, and I apologize for that.
Kyle Musca: That's okay, man. I don't like to rush these. I like to make sure we get them right. Okay, perfect, man. So yeah, it sounds like pretty much exactly what you were looking for. I guess, so from the sounds of things, then, man, like, you know, it's mainly just sort of finances that are sort of holding you back.
Josh: just wanted to sort of have the opportunity to look over the money side of things and really make sure that I can do it well and not just like half- my way through it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Well, again, I appreciate you being sort of upfront and honest about that, man, because at the end of the day, like my main thing is just sort of, you know, sitting down on the same side of the table with you and then, you know, hopefully. You're figuring out a solution to sort of get the ball rolling with things, but like at the end of the day, if it's just not going to be sort of plausible financially, you know, it's life sometimes, right? So, look, what I can do, man, is with the Platinum package, as I mentioned, there's one spot left available for that, and I'm pretty sure, I looked before, I'm pretty sure the team has like seven other calls today, so I doubt that will sort of be available. What I can do is, if it's just finances sort of, you know, weighing on the decision, essentially, we do have the gold package, man, which is, you know, still very comprehensive. Like at the end of the day, I very much focused on going down the route of quality rather than quantity. Like there are a lot of people out there that do give those e-books and basic meal plans and say, off you go and have fun. I'd much rather work with each of us specifically, and, you know, it's how we're able to achieve the results that we do get. So, with that, man, it's basically a slight step down in terms of accountability and communication. So, you still get the custom program. And the weekly check-in calls. Main things is, you you still get the 24-7 text and communication calls as well. I guess the main difference is, well, we open up to a slightly wider group of people, again, making sure that, you know, we cap it a certain amount to make sure everyone in those specific packages gets the support and service that they deserve, right? And we just wouldn't be doing that second weekly strategy call where we map everything out hour by hour in the one-to-one educational series. But, again, you'll still have access to the entire educational library and everything like that, which, you know, covers a lot of those topics. And I'll continuously add more as time goes on. In saying that, yeah, so if we want to look at that, man, it'd bring it from $5,000 for the entire six months from the Emerald right down to just $3,500. Again, it covers the entire six months. There's no additional fees or charges or anything like that on top of that. So I guess would that be a little bit more reasonable?
Josh: Definitely seems like something that, like, off the top of my head would fit in with, like, budget side of things, but again, it's one of those things where I've got to sort of, I've really got to look at it on paper, because I've got, like, a spreadsheet that lets me map out everything and sort of make sure that nothing goes astray. So, you know, it, again, sounds super good, but I just sort of need to be able to visually see it, run the numbers on my side of things, and then, yeah, hit an answer out of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for sure, man. Okay. Yeah, I completely understand that, because at the end of the day, man, like, yeah, there's no point doing something like this if, you know, you were to join and then all of sudden you can't afford rent. So, I guess, is it more of a thing of, again, just so I'm on the same page as you and see if we can work towards a solution, is it more of a thing of, like, you know, you You do have the physical funds available and it's more so just making sure that it fits in with everything else that you have going on? Or is it more so that you just don't have the funds at all and it would be a matter of like, where can I actually, you know, get them?
Josh: It's definitely more like the format, like funding that's available. It's just a matter of making sure that like it doesn't put me behind anywhere and making sure that I'm, you know, not only not going behind, but also making sure that I'm still taking steps forward, which the end of the day is kind of a slightly more important thing in terms of making sure that I'm not like worrying about every last cent.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Josh: that emergency fund is sort of a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's always good to have a safety net. Okay. Well, yeah, man, I completely understand that. What I can do in that situation is. We actually work with a billing company, kind of works like Afterpay, and that just allows us to break it down quite a lot, which makes things a lot easier on cash flow. Would that make it a little bit more reasonable for you to sort of get started?
Josh: It probably would, but again, I need to take a look at like numbers on a screen and just really be able to work it out in like the physical sense. Because, yeah, I can like guesswork until the cows come home, but it won't give me like a realistic number as to exactly what it would possibly look like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, no, definitely, Well, what I can do is, just so you know the numbers that you're actually working with, I'll just pull up what they have because they have their own like sort of structures to go.
Josh: About things. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So let me just pull it up. Okay. Okay. So, so yeah, what we could do, man, is if we were looking at the six month gold option, instead of, yeah, instead of three and a half thousand for the entire six months, we could break that down. So we could cover right down to just 1500. And then again, we wouldn't start, we would officially start next week. So you get this whole week free. The first repayment wouldn't be from essentially like five weeks from now. It's ages away. And that would just be 400 a month. So make it a lot easier in cashflow for you. Would that, would that be a bit more reasonable?
Josh: Oh, definitely sounds like it again. It's just off the top of my head. Like it seems like it'd be okay, but until I can see it and sort of take a little bit of time to really. Map it out on paper. I just can't give like a, yeah, 110% one way or another. Just because, yeah, I can work in abstract, but it's never super reliable.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, 100%, man. And like when it comes to these sort of situations, bro, at the end of the day, like if it gets to a point where it's just like, dude, I can't do this, just like let me know. Because, you if it's not something you want to do or you just can't do it, I'm not, you know, here to force hand or anything like that. But if it is something that you want to do, then I'd love to sort of help bridge that gap. I guess when it comes to this situation, you know, the best way I have found to approach a man is just sort of like work it out logically. I guess you mentioned that you had sort of the three and a half K in, you know, physical funds available, man. Would, if you were to lay something like, you know, 1500 down instead, would that, you know, sort of completely put you out or where would you sort of be sitting?
Josh: It wouldn't necessarily, but again, it's one of those things where I just want to make sure that I've got stuff for when life happens because, you know, living in an apartment complex, special levees come up and things come up with cars all the time and whatnot. So it's just like, you know, wanting to make sure that I can ensure that it's not only hitting the goals that I want to hit, but also making sure that I'm being as responsible as possible.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%, man. And from the sounds of things, man, you seem like a pretty kind of like logical guy, which is great. Have you, do you sort of sit down regularly and work out sort of your funds and everything?
Josh: Yeah, decently. But it's also a thing of like, you know, it varies every quarter as to what things all sort of look like. And pace scale is constantly shifting, like, contracts always move with work and whatnot. So there's slight fluctuations there as well. So it's just like, yeah, again, be able to sit down and make sure that I've got enough headroom to take it on and not make, like, too negative of an impact.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, absolutely, man. Absolutely. Okay. And I guess, like, you know, again, just so we're on the same side of the table, man, I guess my main concern with this is, like, you know, I love that you're sort of thinking logically about it because at the end of the day, the last thing I want to do is put your heart. As I mentioned, I've done hundreds, if not sort of thousands of calls, man. What tends to happen, and it's just human psychology, is you can think something is, you know, great and have all the information necessary to make that decision and then, you know, want to sort of think on it and dwell on it. reality is you don't necessarily. you. to say. I really usually think about it. not like you go sort of sit down and sit on the porch and once the sun go down and heavily think about it.
Josh: I literally was like, I'm not quite one of those people. Like I will, if I say I've got to go like sit and think about it, I quite literally will pull up like a spreadsheet and a workbook and like go through every single thing and then get an answer from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So it's like a full sort of logistical decision then.
Josh: Yeah. That's the only way that I can do my job is to be super logical and very focused on the logistic side of things. So, you know, I do it five days a week. Why not just have it in my everyday life?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. That's fair enough, Ben. Well, man, you know, yeah, I don't want to sort of make you feel like you've rushed a decision because that will obviously. See you. Like sort of weigh on the mental side of things more than anything. What we can do, man, is, you know, if you want to, if the program sounds like something you want to do, and it's just purely like making sure it fits within the finances and everything, there is two spots left available on the gold. As I mentioned, the team has about seven calls at least today. So I just don't want to see one of those get snapped up for you. What we could do, man, is we could lay a $500 deposit down, and then that's fully refundable. So if you go away and sort of decide, look, I just, it's not going to fit within the finances, you just let me know, and I'll send it straight back through to, you know, no questions asked. Main thing for that, man, is one, secures your spot, just so, you know, no one else can take it. And then the other thing is just to sort of, you know, I guess show the seriousness about it. And that's why I make it fully refundable. So it's like if it's something you want to do, and it's just purely finances, you know, happy to hold your spot for you if that works for you.
Josh: And yeah, I just, I also have the, there's like... It's going to sound like real hippie, but I'm like, oh, at the end of the day, if someone comes along and it's like, yep, jump in, bang, done, like it clearly wasn't quite meant to be. But I, yeah, I just don't want to make any sort of formal commitments until I can sit down and make sure that it's something that's going to work out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I guess like, would you mind if I put my coaching hat on for a second, man?
Josh: Sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I guess, why do you sort of feel like that is, man?
Josh: I just like making sure that if I'm going to make a true commitment to something, I can follow through on it the whole way. And there's no like 50-50, there's no, you know, being consistent for a month and then going. Away and doing whatever and just not really following it up from there, but instead just making sure that when I make those decisions, I'm 110% just in, nothing is going to like basically get me off the path. It's just going to be clear, smooth sailings.
Kyle Musca: Well, as much as life allows. Yeah, I get you, man. And, you at end of the day, man, like I won't lie, our program's not sort of the cheapest option out there. And, you know, that's how we're able to achieve, you know, such good results for the guys that do come through is because we pack so much quality into it. And I guess like, you know, as kind of what you just brought up there, man, the logistical side of thinking is good and it's definitely necessary. Like I'm more on the logistical side as well. But at the same time, man, like if you end up overanalyzing every little detail of what may go wrong. know. Like You never really sort of like take that next step and, you know, break into that next level because it's more, it becomes less logistical and more fear-based of what if something goes wrong, right? So it's like logic leads to fear, right? And then on top of, you know, what you just mentioned there of making sure that you go 100%, you know, committed, that you are 100% committed before you make a decision. I guess you will never really, you'll never really know if you are until you make that decision, right? And then what I've sort of found is that, you know, when you sort of put your money where your mouth is and you back yourself financially, it makes you show up even on the days you don't feel like it, right? Because way back to even when I first, you know, was a broke sort of 16, 17-year-old man, I asked my dad, was like, you know, can you pay for a gym membership for me? And he said, no. And I was like, you dick. But, you I ended up paying for myself. And, you know, it's not arguably that much money. It's $25, but as a broke 16-year-old, it's a lot of money. And I was like, well, if I'm going to pay for it, I'm going to use it, right? And ever since. It sort of just carried me down the path. So, you know, not only are we able to stack so much quality into the service to make sure you get the best results possible, I find that the financial investment itself does become an accountability factor. So you keep showing up and you keep backing yourself, even on the days that you don't feel like it, even when life may throw a little bit of a curveball at you, that'd be very easy to make an excuse to sort of step off that path, if that makes sense.
Josh: Yeah. And I get that. And, you know, it is kind of why I'm looking into like a paid program rather than just going back onto like a super aggressive, like super restrictive amount of calories and just like, yeah, it'll come off because I'm not eating anywhere near what I should. So, you know, that's why I'm looking at like a formalized program is to have that like financial, like tether as well. But I just want to, you know, be able to take. Even just a couple of hours and work it out to make sure that I can do the things that I sort of say that I want to do to really make sure that it's going to happen.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, got you, man. Okay, perfect. Well, I mean, it is completely up to you at the end of the day. The option is there if you want to secure one of those spots, we can just do a refundable deposit. Otherwise, if you're sort of set on and going away and thinking about it, man, that's absolutely fine as well. It's just sort of no guarantee that the spot will be there.
Josh: Yeah, that's, again, if at the end of the day something comes up and someone, you know, grabs them up, then all power to them. Might not have meant to be like this interaction, but I definitely think that, you know, so long as I can look at the money side of things. Thanks. So then I'll be able to get an answer within a little while.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's a stress, man. Yeah, well, sort of, yeah, perfect. So you feel like you just kind of need the afternoon to sort of run the numbers on it? Yeah. Yeah, cool, man. Well, what we can do is, I mean, I'm in Thailand at the moment, so I'm like three hours behind. So if you make a decision this afternoon, man, let me know. So I'm happy to even jump on a quick sort of five, 10-minute WhatsApp call and just sort of chat about it if you want to, like, run through anything a little bit further. Otherwise, yeah, let me know either way, man, and we can just go from there.
Josh: Great. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right, well, enjoy the rest of the day, and I will chat to you soon.
Josh: Will do. All right, thanks.
Kyle Musca: Bye. Bye.


>>> 4/250 | EMP Vision Call - Kane Webster | 2026-02-02T05:59:45Z | id:118782977
People: Kane Webster, Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro, how you going?
Kane webster: Hey, I'm good, yourself?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. How's it, Evan?
Kane webster: Yeah, not too bad. Just didn't work. Sorry, I'm just bloking out.
Kyle Musca: I had to get my camera on. You're good, man. You're good. Perfect. Awesome, man. Cool, bro. Well, yeah, we got you jumping on, man.
Kane webster: No, all good.
Kyle Musca: Sorry?
Kane webster: Sorry? Sorry?
Kyle Musca: What do you do for working in, sorry?
Kane webster: I work for a health insurance company. We're called West Fund. So, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice, man. How long have been on that for?
Kane webster: I've been with this company now three years. Yeah, just over three years. Before that, I was in banking.
Kyle Musca: So I worked at CBA for about eight years before that. Yeah, nice, man. Nice. How do you find the insurance converted to the banking?
Kane webster: Very different, obviously. I think also the company, like we're a smaller company. One always the the big... And moving from a company like CBA where there's like 50,000-odd employees to here where we've only got 250-odd employees, close to 300 now, it's a very different vibe. You feel much less like just a number, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, it's good. Yeah, I can imagine. I can imagine. Cool, man. Well, man, I appreciate you jumping on after work. I'm sure you probably want to sort of kick your feet up and relax a bit.
Kane webster: No.
Kyle Musca: I've got a call in an hour as well. So, do you want to just rip right into things, man?
Kane webster: Yeah, Yeah, can do.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect, perfect. So, I know we've been sort of going back and forth a little bit on Instagram and everything, man, but I kind of want to just, you know, kind of start from scratch and just get a really good sort of idea of where you're at and where you want to take things. Yep. Just so you're aware, that's exactly what this call is, man. Just have a look at, you know, where you're at, where you want to take things.
Kane webster: And, you know, at the end of the day, man, like if we're even going to be the guys that are going to be the right fit for you in the first place.
Kyle Musca: So, I guess we'll start right from the very beginning. What is your current body weight at the moment?
Kane webster: So at the moment I'm at 128, started at 134.5 when I first started going, I need to do something about that.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so lost a little bit of weight so far, man, which is awesome.
Kane webster: What's been the time frame since the sort of, we just ran it to 134 just to keep it easy. So I started training in August last year, so that's when I started.
Kyle Musca: My gym membership, started going to the gym, so yeah, since August probably. Okay, okay, nice, nice. And man, what's your ultimate sort of goal? Where would you be stoked to hit by the end of things?
Kane webster: Yeah, look, I guess the ultimate goal would be to get under 100 kilos. That's like the vision, I guess, the dream. But obviously I know that's going to take time. So I sort of set a goal initially just to get under 130. 130 is the... First step, got there, and I went under 120 as the next step, still waiting to get there. So I'm just trying to break that down into chunks. But, yeah, to get down to under 100. But I also want to, I've, like, really started enjoying weight training and strength training. So I've kind of started building a bit of muscle, and I want to maintain that. So whether, obviously, I'm quite tall as well, so whether that under 100 with muscle is realistic or not, but that's kind of what I initially went into at Go, and that's where I want to get to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect, man. Yeah, the thing with weight loss is, like, if we get to 105, let's say, and you're looking awesome, it's a quick answer.
Kane webster: Yeah, exactly right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So, awesome, under 100 original goal. Fantastic. And how long has it been since you were sort of under that 100 kilo mark, man?
Kane webster: Oh, high school, maybe 19 years old, probably. So, yeah, 15 years, like, just.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Kane webster: I was relatively sort of, I guess, I've never been what I'd say skinny, but I was relatively fit. Coming out of school, always played sports, things like that. And then obviously got into the workforce and life takes over and things like that. So just slowly from there started putting on more and more weight. then I think like ultimately, then it's not an excuse per se, but started having kids and all the rest. And just that active lifestyle probably died down way more than it should have. And that's when it really started piling up, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah. So you feel like just with, yeah, work taking over, building a family and everything, it kind of took a little bit of a backseat.
Kane webster: stopped playing sports. And then when I stopped doing that, it was kind of like, okay, I'm not doing anything sort of physical-wise, activity-wise, outside of, you know, going out and playing with the kids and that sort of thing. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And obviously working in an office doesn't help. So, yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense, man. And I guess, you know, you've lost a little bit of weight so far, man. Like, what have you sort of previously tried to fix this? Have you followed any, you know, formal nutritional exercise plans, anything like that?
Kane webster: I mean, over the years, I've sort of at different points gone, oh, I'm going to jump on this diet and do this diet. Nothing just really ever kind of stuck, even like joining the gym and things like that. I've probably joined the gym five, six, seven times in the last 10 years. And you have that initial burst of motivation, go for a couple of weeks and then just die off type thing. But I think this time I sort of, so initially I jumped on the man shake for a couple of months before joining the gym. So I was like, oh, I'll do that. A, hopefully it helps me lose a bit of weight. But B, I could just have it at work and the finance side of things, save money instead of buying lunch every day type thing. I just buy these, take them to work. So that I found was good.
Kyle Musca: And that kind of helped, but it wasn't until I started going to the gym that that really sort of kicked me into gear this time. Yeah.
Kane webster: But yeah, in terms of nutrition-wise, I've sort of tried to educate myself a bit on like macros and calories and things like that. And I'm not super strict on it, which is probably one of the things holding me back at the moment. But I try to make sure that I'm eating a bit cleaner than what I used to and like make sure there's the protein intake is good and that sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So it sounds like you're, you know, starting to enhance your own sort of education on the topic. And maybe it's like more so about having someone there to keep you accountable, make sure you actually sort of stick with it.
Kane webster: Yeah. A hundred percent.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool, man. Okay. And I guess like out of all the things that you have tried, man, you know, being on and off for the last couple of years, was there anything that really stood out to you in terms of being the most successful? Before weight loss?
Kane webster: No, not really. Like, to be fair, I've probably never given anything, I guess, a red-hot crack to have any sort of informed opinion to say, yes, this works and this doesn't work. Like, the couple of months I used the man shake, it worked, albeit slowly, like, because I wasn't doing too much exercise along with that. So I was kind of losing half a kilo a week here and there or a couple of hundred grams, but then I'd have a bad week where dinners weren't that good, so I'd put that little bit back on type thing. So I'd say that was working, but since sort of starting to pick up the training and things like that, I've moved back to, like, I'm not having the man shake at work, but I'm just trying to make better choices in terms of what I take for lunch or if I do buy lunch, what I'm buying. for lunch and that type of thing. So I think overall, like since August, it's more just been that exercise as well as that trying to make healthier choices. But I think it's just really the consistency is probably the key thing, particularly when it gets to the weekends. Obviously, three kids at home and that type of thing, you take them out, you want to go out somewhere and you end up having to buy lunch and just, yeah, trying to stay in that mind frame of, even if that happens, make the healthier choice rather than go and get a greasy burger or something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that makes sense, Ben. Yeah. So probably having something that fits in a little bit better with sort of the work and family life just so you can have a little bit more consistency and soundtrack.
Kane webster: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: Okay, gotcha, man. And I guess, like, you know, you've been doing a bit of education and trying a few things yourself, man. And I guess maybe help me to understand, you know, why you might be sort of looking at getting out. Outside help with this instead of maybe just, you know, continuing to try and figure it out on your own.
Kane webster: Yeah, I think it's like basically what you just said, like the trying to figure it out on my own, like getting someone to, I guess, help me in terms of this is what I should be doing and this is what I need to do to sort of keep on track and keep that progress going, particularly when it does come to like the nutrition side. think in terms of the exercises, like I've got myself into a rhythm and I kind of know what I'm doing. I'm comfortable now walking into the gym and going, this is what I'm going to do today. Obviously, I don't know everything and I haven't tried everything. So there's still more to learn in that sense. But I think it's that overall, like not just the exercise, it's everything else that falls into it. It's what am I eating today or this week? It's going to help me then, because I'm going to the gym, show those numbers that I am actually progressing. So, yeah, I think it's a bit of a holistic view rather than just I need help to pick up strength or do these particular things at the gym. It's how does everything in my day lead to the outcome?
Kyle Musca: I want to see if that makes sense. Yeah, perfect. So, yeah, you've gotten pretty decent at getting into the gym. By the sounds of it, you're enjoying it.
Kane webster: You're picking up the strength and everything like that that comes with it.
Kyle Musca: But, you you're kind of putting in the effort. You kind of just want to make sure that, yeah, as you said, the whole sort of outside aspect of it as well is geared towards that.
Kane webster: Yeah, exactly right. Like as much as like I've, as I said, I've joined the gym multiple times over the last decade, let's call it. And every time I just lose the motivation, stop going. But this time I've really gotten myself into the mindset where I'm like, no, I've got to do this to the point now where I don't think about it. And like everyone used to say it and I used to I think it was a bit cheesy, corny, but the days that I don't go to the gym when I'm meant to, I really end up regretting that. So I'm like, okay, I've got to make up for that missed day type thing. So I think that side of it I've got down in terms of the motivation, the mindset. But when I don't follow that up by sticking to what I should be eating and things like that, and then at the end of the week I don't see the results, you have that sort of feeling of why am I working this hard if I'm not seeing it pay off type thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. So yeah, you're putting in the effort, the mindset's there. It's sort of mainly about kind of, guess, taking out the guesswork to make sure that, you know, the effort you're putting in is actually getting you that return you're looking for.
Kane webster: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Perfect. Well, that makes sense, man. And I guess, you know, besides of, well, I guess just taking out that guesswork, right? But let's say, you know, you and I always sit down and, you know, with the coaches, the nutritionists, everyone like that, and really just map it all out. Step-by-step in terms of like, one, the amount of time that you actually have available or, you know, the level of support and accountability you're going to need or even just like the resources you'd like us to provide. What do you really feel like you would need, you know, from someone like us in order to be successful?
Kane webster: Yeah, I think the structure is probably what I'd put it down to. So if I think in terms of the exercise and the workout side of it, like, as I said, I'm pretty comfortable going into the gym and knowing what I'm doing, but am I doing the most optimal things? Maybe, maybe not. I've kind of just developed that myself and gone, okay, this is the split I'm going to trial and these are the exercises I'm going to do. But having someone who's got a lot more expertise than me to say, no, this is the optimal way to do your week of training or month of training or whatever it may be. And then same sort of thing with the nutrition side of things is having... That structure around, this is the meal plan that I know if I stick to this, by the end of that week, I'm in a calorie deficit, I've had my protein intake, like I don't have to think about it as much as, yeah, like, as I said, at the moment, you kind of, you go on TikTok or you go on Facebook and look at high protein, low calorie recipes and you go, oh yeah, that looks good. But, like, how much of it is true, how much of it isn't, like, there's so much of it out there at the moment that you're kind of just taking that particular person's word on it. And then even still, like, am I having the right portions and that kind of thing. So I think it's just the structure of a role that I think would really help me. And if I've got that kind of on paper, it's like, it's all down to me then. And it's like, okay, I've got this here, I've got someone supporting me. It's on me, if I, if I go and do these things, it's going to work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, so again, it's kind of coming back to that, you've got the... Sort of mind power and the, sorry, the mindset and I guess the willpower that, you know, you're going to get it done. You ideally just want to know exactly what you need to do to get the best results possible. And again, you know, probably having someone there to sort of, you know, keep a little bit accountable that if you do sort of fall off a little bit, they're there to quickly guide you back.
Kane webster: exactly right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. All right. We can definitely help you there. And, okay, and before, before August, man, when was the last time you sort of actively tried to lose weight?
Kane webster: Uh, it would have been at least two years before that because before then I had about an 18-month window where I'd broken my ankle and doing a ligament. So there was that whole piece, being injured, recovery, blah, blah. Before that I had, um, sort of stomach surgery on appendicitis and all the rest, which was quite a long recovery in the end. Um. Cause it was a bit complicated. So it would have been before all of that happened. So yeah, I'd say at least two years probably. And that was probably the last time I was playing sport and things like that on the weekend where I was even without going to the gym or anything, I was at least getting out and doing some sort of physical activity.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. And I guess like what's, you know, from, from August to even now, I like what sort of, sort of click, like, I guess why, why now though? Like why, why not just sort of keep pushing us down the road? Like, well, like most men tend to do.
Kane webster: Yeah. Yeah. So I think it was, it was probably a few things. So my youngest, um, he was born in August. So I kind of made a conscious decision a couple of months before he was born that, hey, if I'm ever, going to get my act together in terms of the weight and things like that, I've got to try and do it now before sort of the kids are too old that I'm on that dad that can't go out and run around with them and do all. All that sorts of things. So that was one thing. I think the number on the scale, I got to like after the ankle injury and all the rest, I got to the heaviest I've ever been in my life. And I sort of stepped on the scale one day and I went, Jesus type thing. So that were probably the two main things where I was like, look, it's now or never type thing. It's all down to me. And that's why I started going, look, I'll get on the man shake, start that sort of journey. Because I knew one of my problems was lunch at work. I would tend to not make something to take from home. So I'd go and buy whatever is available type thing, which is never the healthiest choice. So it was kind of like, do that. Yeah, that were the two main things. I sort of went, okay, I need to start to do something. And then, yeah, August, was like, okay, I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to commit to it. And since then, I feel like from that side of it, I've got myself into a much better spot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah. So kind of the combination of seeing that number on the scale. So having that bit of a shock factor and then just wanting to be able to keep up the kids as they get older. Yeah.
Kane webster: Perfect, man. And also just like for them leading on through their lives, just like encourage them to make healthier choices. And I guess if I'm not doing that, then why would they listen type thing? If I'm saying, no, you need to eat your vegetables and do all this stuff, but I'm going and buying Maccas every day, like what's the point type thing? It's kind of all talk, no show.
Kyle Musca: So yeah. Yeah, I get you. Okay. Okay, awesome. And just out of curiosity, man, like how much were you sort of, you know, spending on fast food and stuff on a week?
Kane webster: Oh, like I'd be in the office at least three days a week. So if I'd buy lunch on all of those days, you're talking, let's call it $20 a day. Some days it might be $15, some days it might be just over $20, so $20 a day. So at least $60 a week. Then you're adding like you'd buy coffee in the morning and all of that. So on days where I was in the office more than others, it was at least probably a hundred bucks a week I was spending. And that was the other factor as well is just try and limit the amount of money I'm spending each week on food and stuff like that that I can get from home.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Just sort of, it's funny that, hey, it's like usually the unhealthy way of eating is actually more expensive than the eating way of eating out. But cool, man. Okay. And I guess just to bring it back to the current situation, man, is having the extra weight, is that having an impact on you at all?
Kane webster: Like right now?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Kane webster: Yeah. Obviously, like obviously it is like being the weight I am, it does have its limitations in terms of things you can do. And I think what I'm trying to improve most at the moment outside of the strength side of things. And that weight session type of thing is just my overall fitness. So I've recently started running with the goal to sort of just get that fitness back up. As I said, coming out of school, I was quite fit. And even though I was a bigger body in terms of being tall and sort of not skinny, I could run sort of for days. So I'd like to get back to some level of fitness where I can just run or walk up a couple of flights of stairs without sort of that heavy breathing kicking in, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. So, yeah, just kind of, I just feeling the, I guess, result of just carrying it around.
Kane webster: Yeah. Yeah, exactly right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay.
Kane webster: Outside of that, no major health issues or anything. But obviously, the longer you stay that big, it's only a matter of time before something happens.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, 100%. 100%. And how often is it you're sort of thinking about your weight?
Kane webster: Is it like a daily basis thing? Um, yes and no. Um, I mean, I check my weight fairly regularly. I know that like, I have those days where I see the number on the scales, particularly at the moment, it's not sort of dropping how ideally I'd want it to. And I have those thoughts of, oh, that's just not going down, like what's going on. Um, but I know as well, like I can see the changes physically. Um, and like my wife's obviously good. She, she's encouraging me and like tells me the comments that she can see it. So that kind of eliminates the negative thoughts in a sense. It's like, okay, even though I might not be seeing it on the scale, I know I'm still doing something good. And I know there's benefits there, even if I'm not seeing it purely in the numbers. Um, so yeah, I do think about it a lot. But not obsessively, if that makes sense. Like I don't go and weigh myself and then go, haven't lost weight this week. And then it kind of just ruins my whole mood or anything like that. Obviously have the initial sort of disappointment. I was hoping to see a number lower, but I get over that pretty quick. And it's like, okay, just stick to the grind. Like it'll all pay off eventually, regardless if it takes six months or 18 months. Like as long as I keep doing what I'm doing and just getting better at doing that and like to the point before getting more consistent at doing that, I know eventually the results will come.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Awesome. And I guess just to follow on from that, man, like having, you know, been, you know, giving this a serious, you know, proper crack since, you know, August. Do you feel like you've sort of been, I guess, happy with the rate of progress that's sort of been happening or would you, you know, ideally?
Kane webster: No, no. I I think, like, if I think back to August and even if I say I think back to September, I'd sort of been going to the gym for a month. I'd given myself that sort of crack. I hadn't gotten over the motivation. I kind of said to myself by Christmas, I wanted to be down close to 120. Didn't happen. So, yeah, in terms of the pure numbers, no. No, in terms of how I feel about myself and that type of thing, like emotionally and mental health, if you want to call it that, I'd say yes. But, yeah, in terms of the pure numbers, no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, well, I guess, you know, suppose in, let's say, six months from now, right, we're able to give you that sort of structure. You know exactly what you need to do and you can just go away and execute on it to get the results that you've sort of been looking for and, yeah, have that sort of accountability and guidance. So, you know, if you do start. But to have those days where you don't feel like, you know, showing up for it or whatever, know, they happen. You have someone there to sort of get you back on track and sort of just guide you through it, just like we have with hundreds or thousands of other guys who we've worked with. How would your life, like, actually be different than it is right now?
Kane webster: Um, I think the biggest difference would be on the weekends, like that, that to me would be the biggest obstacle to sticking to a plan per se. Um, and that's because I don't have the structure behind me of, of work as much as everyone probably doesn't want to work and go to work. At least it's like you wake up in the morning, you have your breakfast, you head off for work, you're at work for the day, your lunchtime comes around, you eat your lunch, you go home, you have dinner, you'll go to bed, you wake up, do it again type thing. Like there's that structure Monday. Whereas you get to the weekend and you don't have that structure and it's like, oh, what are we doing today? Where are we taking the kids? That type of thing. So I know the weekends will be a struggle in terms of sticking to any sort of nutrition plan or anything like that. And that's probably where I see, I would have to myself make the biggest change to how I'm currently doing the weekends.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Perfect. Okay. And what, if you were to imagine yourself, you know, let's say six months from now, you've, you've, you've gotten down under that sort of a hundred kilo mark. You've seen double digits on scale since, you know, first time since you've been back in 19, I think you said it was, and you, know, you're feeling, I guess, proud of not only, you know, the body and the physique you've built, but I guess proud of, you know, the, the fact that you, you finally followed through on yourself all these years and, you know, when you go. You're playing with the kids. You're no longer feeling out of breath. You're easily able to keep up with them now and you know for when they grow up and sort of setting that sort of role model example for them, what sort of a healthy sort of man should be doing and actually following through on those actions. And when you picture yourself in that position, having become the best version of yourself that you want, I guess, how does that make you feel?
Kane webster: Probably proud would be, like, if I got to there, I'd just be proud knowing, like, I've gotten there through me saying I'm going to do something and following it through. Regardless of help, I get outside of just me doing it. Ultimately, it's me that has to stick to it and fulfil that. So I think that would be probably one of the senses of things. I think as well, I don't know how to put it in terms of a feeling, but like. Me growing up, my parents were never focused on nutrition or anything like that. So just knowing that I can then pass that down to my kids, not that they were particularly unhealthy or anything like that, but it was just never a conversation when I grew up. So knowing I can pass that down to my kids and at least give them the tools to not end up in the position that I ended up in and sort of lead that healthy life from the time they're young would be one of the big wins. And, yeah, I think after that it would be, all right, now I'm here. I never want to get back to where I was and I need to now, A, maintain this or, B, strive for a new goal, whatever that may be.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, like ideally sort of setting that role model example, but actually being able to pass those teaching on to your kids so they sort of have a much better sort of education growing up with it so they can be aware of it. So, okay, yeah, fantastic, man. Okay. Okay. And then obviously, yeah, it's always about the next goal, right? We don't want to just lose that weight and then sort of like, cool, I'm going wrap things up. Yeah. Okay. Perfect, man. I like that. Cool. And I got to ask, man, like on the flip side of that, you what happens if you never go out and fully commit to yourself and you never go out there and get the right help so you can, you know, learn the right skills that need. And, you know, you keep going to the gym, you keep, you know, putting in the effort, but, you know, your weight just sort of isn't budging at the rate that you're really happy with. And often in those times, it kind of just hits the point where it just won't budge any further. And so that frustration just keeps building up and up and up. And that sort of thought in your mind of like, why am I even doing this? Why am I putting in more hard work and, you know, not getting anything out in return just continues to build up. And, you know, potentially over time, you just sort of stop altogether and just regress back to, you know, that 134 plus kilos that you started at and things get overall worse, man. I guess, what would that be like for you?
Kane webster: guess, guess, I I Um, disappointing. Like, I don't want to get back there, if I'm being completely honest. And I think, yeah, like, that would be, that would be disaster, essentially. Like, if I was to, like, what's it been, eight, six months now that I've sort of committed to, okay, this is what I'm going to do, just to sort of then go back and not do any of that stuff would be sort of worst case scenario. So all of those emotions that kind of come with it. Um, and yeah, as I said, like, uh, at the moment, like, I've, I've got myself into a good mindset where we're all human. We have those thoughts of why I'm not doing this. It's not paying off. But I know that it's completely down to me and it's things that I'm doing that are stopping me from getting to where I need to go. Um, so it's just, yeah, like, continue, continue chopping away at it. And I think getting the help will just. Help me get there faster. That's my kind of mindset is even if I don't get the help, what I'm doing now is right, and it may just take me longer to get to where I want to be. Like, that's my overall mindset. So, yeah, if you were to ask me right now, is there a chance I go back? I say no, but there's always a chance, right? But, yeah, at the moment in my head, I'm like, I'm never getting back to that weight, but who knows what happens tomorrow, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so it's like you've sort of committed to the change. It's more of a matter of just how you're going to get there at this point and making the, I guess, the journey as fast as possible.
Kane webster: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: With your life. Yeah.
Kane webster: Do I want to get there in six months or two years? Much rather get there in six months, obviously, but at the end of the day, if it takes me two years, it takes me two years, and I'll get there in the end.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, yeah, so I guess time to make a change then, possibly, and split it up. Yeah, cool, man. Okay, cool, man. Well. it's important for you to do something then. That's really the main thing I need to know because based off everything you've told me, I think that what we're doing would actually work quite well for you because at the moment, you're trying to get under that sort of 100-kilo mark into the double digits and sort of just struggling with putting in the work, but I guess the weight's just not shifting as fast as you'd sort of hope or as fast as you'd kind of come to expect when you are doing the right things. And, you know, because that it's not causing you to feel disheartened or anything like that, but, you at the end of the day, you want that process, as you said, to be faster. So, cool, man. Right. Well, what I can do is I can give you a bit of a walkthrough of, you know, how we could actually help you with all of that, if that's cool with you.
Kane webster: Yeah, cool, cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. So, yeah, the program itself, I think initially will last for about six months. And, yeah, the focus there is on sort of, you know, creating lifelong change. And by that, like, I mean, you know, I want to get you to the point where you don't actually need us anymore, right? So. To achieve that, man, you'd be working 100% with me, as well as I pay you with one of my head coaches, just to make sure that you're really well-supported at all times. And, you we specialize in helping guys like yourself, guys that, you know, want to lose the weight, want to get into the best shape possible, but they still have a job, they still have a family, they still have responsibilities and everything that they need to sort of, you know, balance in the process, right? So, realistically, like, you're the exact type of guy we should tend to help. So, now, with that, man, you'd be working with us one-on-one so we can sort of create a lifestyle that allow you to get under that 100 kilo mark, but far more importantly, actually be able to, one, maintain it, but, you know, continue progressing on in the long term, right?
Kane webster: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense so far?
Kane webster: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So, yeah, we'd provide you with a tailored updated plan pretty much every single week, and you'd be speaking with us, you know, almost on a daily basis, if need be, to make sure that what you're doing is, one, effective, two, enjoyable, and three, that we provide you with a ton of support and accountability so you can actually be safe.
Kane webster: Successful. Right? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So the first pillar of the program is that it needs to be effective. Right? And what I mean by that is like, you need to be able to get noticeable and consistent results from day one all the way until we get you to double digits. Right? Because, you know, if you're not getting really good, like consistent results, man, it's just going to feel like everything you're doing, you know, as you mentioned, can be, it feels like a bit of a waste of time. Right? Perfect. So the second pillar is it needs to be enjoyable. Right? It seems pretty obvious when you say it out loud.
Kane webster: This is where a lot of guys go wrong.
Kyle Musca: You know, if you don't enjoy what you're doing to lose the weight or it just doesn't fit into your life, you know, your work, your family, whatever the case may be, it's only a matter of time until you, until you stop. And then what happens? Right? You just, you fall back in old habits. Any weight you lost, you just gain it right back.
Kane webster: And to put in all that work, just end up in the same, if not worse position than when you started, man, seems pretty pointless to me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, waste of time. So cool, man. Like if you were, you know, getting consistent results and you had someone there working with you to make sure that everything you were doing, you were actually enjoying. And I guess just as importantly, you never had to do anything you really didn't like doing. Do you feel like you could stay consistent with it so we could get you to, you know, that double digit mark and progress from there?
Kane webster: Yeah, 100%. Like as I said, I think if the structure is sort of laid out for me, then it's all on me. And I think I've, as I said, gotten myself to a point where I am driven, I am motivated. It's just, I know there's things I'm doing in my day-to-day life that are stopping me from getting there as quick as I want.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Perfect, man. Perfect. Okay. Awesome, bro. Well, the third pillar is that we need to be able to provide you with a ton of support and accountability. Because I mean, who's really keeping you accountable at the moment?
Kane webster: No one, really. Like my wife, obviously. So is constantly encouraging and like on days where I'm like, oh, I can't be bothered going to the gym today. She's like, go, go. So she's pushing me to do it. But in terms of getting there and actually getting the work done in the gym, it's just me. In terms of the nutrition side, like we kind of work together a little bit, but obviously chaotic household. So as it does, I'm sure in a lot of families, that kind of becomes a second thought in a sense, as opposed to just getting through what we need to get through. So outside of my wife being there as support and encouragement, there's no one truly with this sole focus going, yeah, we're going to help you through it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And to be fair, it sounds like you've got a very supporting wife, which is great. Yeah. At the end of the day, it's very hard to keep, you know, one, yourself accountable. And, you know, it's hard for your sort of partner to also keep you accountable to that degree. know, they can support and encouraging. But the accountability factor can be a little bit the same with friends and everything like that. Right.
Kane webster: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's much different having someone there to, you know, keep you accountable who's purely just there to make sure you do succeed, right? So, yeah, it's about having someone to give you some encouragement and reassurance so you know that you're on the right path, which will help keep you feeling really motivated. Someone to answer your questions so you know how to navigate certain situations that may come up. And I guess, yeah, having someone that gives you some accountability so you don't end up giving up on yourself if you do end up struggling, which, as you mentioned before, man, we're totally human, right?
Kane webster: And it's normal from time to time.
Kyle Musca: It's just important to have someone there to lift you back up, get you back on track. And the key there is to figure out, I guess, what went wrong so we can fix the underlying issues to make sure it doesn't keep happening again, right? Perfect, man. So, yeah, I guess, like, do you feel like if you could have a little bit more consistency, especially through the weekends, that would make it, you know, and I guess the structure that comes along with that, that it would make it easier to get to that ultimate goal of what we'll just call it 99 in this case?
Kane webster: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Thank Thank Yeah, perfect, man. Perfect. Cool. And, you know, at end of the day, man, like that stuff is the stuff that makes such a difference, right? Now, on top of that, you'd be part of our community, man, where you're going to be surrounded by a bunch of like-minded men, all chasing similar goals, right? It's a fantastic community to a part of, man. Everyone's in there just being really encouraging, really supportive. I found this is not only a great way to keep feeling motivated and inspired, but it also acts as a really good accountability tool as well. Because, you if I'm, you know, in there and I've just had a big day of work and I really can't feel like be bothered to go to the gym, man, someone just drops in, you know, I've just worked 14 hours and hit, you three PRs. I'm like,  this guy.
Kane webster: What am I complaining about?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's a fantastic community to be a part of, man. Very, very active and, yeah, very, very sort of uplifting, which I'm very proud of building. So, what all this means for you, man, is that, you know, we're going to help you to sort of create a healthy and a sustainable lifestyle. And something that we want to think of is your new normal. Well, you can hit that sort of 100-kilo goal mark, improve that strength, but I guess have all the knowledge and the education you need to continue progressing on your own for the rest of your life and even teach your friends, your family, your kids and everything like that on how to do it properly for themselves, right? So, cool, man. Is that all making sense so far?
Kane webster: Yeah, definitely, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. I'm not sure if you've had a chance to check out some of the other guys that have been in the program.
Kane webster: Have you seen some of the guys that have come through, man? I saw some of the stuff like on the website and all the rest with some of the reviews and all the rest, but yeah, it didn't look in huge detail.
Kyle Musca: saw a few things and I know, yeah, I'll reach out. So, yeah, a little bit. Yeah, yeah, perfect. So, some of the guys on Instagram, you know, they're sort of in the team or very sort of recent to the team. Some of guys on the websites and everything like that, man, they've been, you know, probably haven't been on the team for some of them, you know, three, four plus years. And I like to keep in touch with them just to see how they're going. A lot of those guys have not only been able to... Maintain where we left off, but actually continue progressing on their own.
Kane webster: And I guess, like, why do you feel like that is? Like, why do you feel like they were able to keep progressing in the long term? Yeah, I mean, like, you do it for, like, let's call it six months, you build those habits, right? And then after that, it's just a matter of, okay, I've been doing this for X amount of time now, I just need to keep doing what I'm doing. Obviously, there's improvements you need to make along the way, like, as you drop the weight or you get stronger, you need to change that training regime or your diet a little bit to keep those numbers going up or down if that's your goal. But I think, yeah, you build those habits in your day-to-day life and you just sort of forget what you used to do in a sense. It's like anything, yeah, what do they say, it takes 21 days or whatever to build a habit, you do something long enough and it just becomes natural instinct in a sense. So, yeah, after that period of time, it's really just down to the individual to go, okay. Off you go, keep doing what you're doing and everything will stay the same type thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly, man, exactly. And, you we're massive believers in the idea that, you know, if you do it right, man, you only have to do it once. Cool, man. So, yeah, I guess, you know, do you feel like this could be the answer you're looking for?
Kane webster: Yeah, I think so, definitely. Certainly, like, I'll just say off the bat, like, it'll all come down to ultimately a financial decision once I understand sort of the program and stuff like that from a cost perspective. But, yeah, like, in terms of, like, what you're offering and what I need, I think it's essentially that. And, like, I don't see any reason that on this program it wouldn't see good results. So, yeah, off to that, like, yes is the answer.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. Okay, awesome. All right, man. Well, yeah, I'm happy with everything we've spoken about today, man. I'm more than confident we can get you to where you want to be. I guess the only other question I have is like, you know, if all things did sort of work out, when were you sort of hoping to get the ball rolling on something like this?
Kane webster: I'd say ASAP, but like, as I said just before, I'll have to consider from a financial point of view, like, how this would work in terms of everything else I've got going on. But yeah, as soon as possible would be the answer and whether that's, like, even if that's not, I'm starting right now, this is definitely something that I want to keep in my back pocket that if I'm not in a position to start this today, I want to start this in six months or as soon as I can, I want to do something like this. And like, when I first started training, I had a couple of PT sessions and all the rest just to get my form down pat, but I think something like this where it's not just that. The in the gym, it's the coach and everything else around it is sort of that next step for me. So, yeah, as soon as possible would be my answer depending on cost and things like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. Perfect. Yeah. And at the end of the day, man, like as I said from the start, it's all about just making sure we're a good fit.
Kane webster: So, you know, if we can get started, then fantastic. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If there's other factors you have to take in consideration, I mean, that's just life sometimes, right? Yeah. Cool, man. Well, yes. Okay, sweet. So, because we have a full team involved, man, know, turnaround time is pretty fast. Like usually we can get the first block of everything back within sort of 24 to 48 hours. Okay. Yeah, which essentially means, you know, have plenty of time to sort of, you know, use this week as a feeling out process. Yeah. Make sure we're like absolutely fully prepped. And then I usually officially like to start on a Monday, right? Yeah. you'd technically, you know, if we did move forward, you'd probably technically use this week, right?
Kane webster: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Okay. So, yeah, they only... The other thing to do, man, would just be to go through the different packages just to see what's going to suit you best. Yeah, let's go. You've got a couple of different options, man. We might as well just work from the top and work our way through. So the first program, man, is the Platinum program. Now, this is extremely comprehensive. It's really designed for, like, professional athletes, you know, people dealing with chronic injuries or illnesses, or maybe someone wants to jump on a bunch of gear and get up on stage and pee, right?
Kane webster: Right.
Kyle Musca: Now, if we were looking at six months of that, it'd come out to be about $10,000.
Kane webster: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: There is one spot left on it, but to be honest, man, I don't think you're going to need that one. Yeah. going to be well overkill for what you need, so we'll just move on.
Kane webster: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That would bring us to the Emerald package. Now, this is still very, very comprehensive. This one's really just designed to, I guess, sort of structure, accountability, and I guess take as much of the guesswork out of it as possible, right? I like to literally sit down and go over your entire schedule hour by hour and build out. Entire weekly calendar with like when you're going to be eating, when you're to be training, sleeping, everything like that. Everything goes into your life as well as like a full educational series and how that practically applies to your life and everything like that.
Kane webster: So really just designed to maximize sort of your knowledge as well as take out all the guesswork.
Kyle Musca: This is great for someone who, you know, probably is like at a, you know, like a larger, larger weight. They've got quite a lot of weight to lose and they've got really sort of bad habits that got them to that point, right? Now, if we were looking at this one, man, for six months, that would bring it right down to $5,000. But to be honest, man, like, you know, you've got the mindset, you've got the willpower, motivation there, and you're already sort of, you know, going and actually doing the work. So I think this one's probably still going to be a little bit overkill for you, Doug Mirong. Fantastic option. And it is there. There is one spot left available for it.
Kane webster: But from everything we've spoken about, I think it's still a little bit overkill for you. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: That would bring us on to the gold package, man. This is where we're coming into the territory. What I think will suit you really well, just because it's basically everything we've spoken about today, right? So if we were to look at that option, man, I'd bring it from $10,000 or $5,000 right down to $3,500. And that covers the entire six months. There's no additional fees or charges or anything like that. Now, with that, man, you get all the customized programming done for you. So all your sets, all your reps, exercises, everything like that, fully mapped out. I would get into all the different periodization and everything else that goes into it, but that's a bit of wrap up. You get all your meal plans, calories, macros, everything like that, fully built by a nutritionist, as well as full shopping list and everything like that that comes with it, just to make your life super, super easy and very easy to add sort of family and everything like that so you can eat as a household.
Kane webster: Yeah, that comes with unlimited adjustments, man.
Kyle Musca: So if there's anything that you're ever unhappy with, don't have access to, whatever the case may be, we'll continue tweaking until we get it perfect. 24-7 text and call communication, man. So, you know, if you do have a question or a problem, you're not sure of whatever the case may be. So you're at work or something, can easily just shoot us a text if it's easier. Otherwise, if you want to go into things a little bit deeper, you can just let us know. We'll jump on the phone with you and go through it, come over it a lot more detail, obviously, on a conversation. And then on top of that, men would also be doing a weekly check-in call. So this is where we sit down with you, we have a look at where you're doing well, where you could improve, how you could execute on things a little bit better. And essentially, just taking a deep dive into your week and picking apart, are you progressing at the rate we think you're capable of? And if not, what do we need to adjust in order to get you there?
Kane webster: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? And there's a fair bit more that goes into it, but I mean, that's how you get them. So there is, on the gold, man, there is two spots left available on that package.
Kane webster: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Now, with all of these, all of these, men, you I stand behind everything I do. So if you were to, you know, sign up, follow the plan, and not achieve a result you're absolutely stoked with, not only will I give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 cash your way just for wasting your time, man. So I guess with that being said, man, like, which of those options sort of jump?
Kane webster: Thank you. Yeah, think that gold one, definitely, the one you just sort of spoke about is the one that jumped out the most. Yeah, that's probably the one, if I was going to go for something, I'd go with that one. As you said, the top one, definitely far too advanced for what I'm looking at. Not looking to get on stage anytime soon, that's for sure, especially with my gear off. So yeah, the gold package is probably the one that I'd look at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man, perfect. Well, man, did you want to run with that one?
Kane webster: Yeah, so in terms of, I guess, like, so you said $3,500 for the six months, how does that work? Like, if you're to sign up in terms of paying that, like, what does that look like?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah, good question. So a lot of the guys do like to just sort of cover it, you know, at the start and sort of get out of the way and then we focus on the task at hand. I fully understand that you've obviously got to take finances and stuff into perspective. So what I can do there, man, is I work with a billing company, kind of works like Afterpay, pretty similar, and that breaks it down into more digestible chunks. Would that be a bit more reasonable for you?
Kane webster: Yeah, if I was to sign up for this, I'd definitely need, I guess, to pay that off over time, whatever that looks like. So if there is options, they're definitely open to it. In terms of sort of paying $3,500 up front, it would be a definite no. But depending how that would work, and then, yeah, definitely would consider it and look at that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for sure, man. For sure. Perfect. And I guess, you know, the pricing side of things, you know, if we were able to break it down, you know, aside, I just want to be on the same page with you, man. Yeah. Is the program, you know, something that you actually want to do, and it's just a matter of, like, figuring out financially how to make it work?
Kane webster: A hundred percent. Like, I'm mentally fully committed to doing something like this. I think like a lot of things in life, it comes down to can I actually afford to do something like this? And that's why I thought I'd just inquire, sort of see what's on offer. But the only reason based off what we've spoken about that I'd turn around and say, no, I'm not signing up or doing it would be purely down to a financial decision based off everything I've heard. So, yeah, like I think I said, like I'm not probably not going to commit right here, right now, but would definitely be keen to hear how that 3,500 can be broken down and, yeah, come back to you over the next couple of days and say yes or no, sort of have a chat with the boss at home and go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, for sure, man, for sure. Okay, cool. Well, in that case, man, let me pull up their breakdowns. They've got their own sort of breakdowns they stick to. Let me just grab that for you. Does your missus know that we're having a chat today, man?
Kane webster: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Cool. Okay, perfect. So, yeah. Is it the wrong one? Let just double check here. Okay, cool. So, yeah. If we were looking at breaking the gold six months down, yeah. So, instead of covering $3,500, you know, all in one go, man, if we decide to break it down, what we could do is cover $1,500 today. And then what would happen is, again, you'd... You'd get this entire week technically free because I don't officially start the, you know, in this case, the six months till the next Monday.
Kane webster: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then the first repayment would be a month after. So pretty much five weeks from, you know, now potentially even further. And that would come down to just $400 a month from that point. So it makes it way easier on cash flow that way.
Kane webster: So an initial payment of $1,500 and then $400 a month for the remaining six months or whatever it is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Would that be a bit more reasonable for you?
Kane webster: I think so. As I said, I definitely can't commit right now on the spot, which, like, I don't want to feel like you've wasted your time or anything. This is definitely something I'm considering. But, yeah, just need to work out how, like, I can sort of get this done. So, yeah, that's good to know. It'd be $1,500 upfront payment, then $400 monthly, essentially, until the program ends.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And yeah, at the end of the day, man, appreciate sort of being upfront and honest with me. Because as I mentioned, you if it's not something you can make work, then I guess no harm done. Is, I guess, how we, just so I'm on the same page with you, man, how we sort of sit at the moment, is it sort of like, is that sort of something that would be relatively reasonable for you? And it's just like a matter of making sure it will work? Or is that sort of like, completely out of the park, no go?
Kane webster: It's not out of the park. It's not, it's definitely not out of the park. I think the monthly figure, I feel like I could, like we could make work. As I said, I just need to speak to the boss, get her opinion on it. The $1,500 up front, like if I get the green light, we'll make that work and get that paid up front. So yeah, it's not a no-go. I'm not looking at going, , can't afford that type thing. Like anything in- And I guess a household, it all needs to come in consultation with both parties. So I just need to make sure that, A, I'm not going to sort of waste your time in it by committing to something and then not following through and also speak to the boss and make sure that I'm not setting ourselves up in any trouble by saying yes to something like this and then being committed to it for six months, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Well, man, last thing I want you to do is sort of end up in the talk box because you made a decision with her.
Kane webster: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Well, I guess how long do you reckon you'd sort of need to have that sort of conversation with her?
Kane webster: Yeah, give me, I reckon, a few days. Yeah, like, I mean, I'll chat to her tonight when we get home, but all depending how chaotic the kids are when I walk in the door, that conversation might slip to tonight. So give me a few days and I'll have the conversation with her over the next couple of days.
Kyle Musca: And, yeah, we'll go from there. I'll... Reach out, or I'm happy for you to reach out in a couple of days' time, and yeah, we can have a chat from there. Yeah, for sure, man, for sure. Cool, bro. All right, well, yeah, man, more than happy for you to go have a chat with her. Only thing there is, as I mentioned, there are two spots left on that goal package, so that's just sort of something to take into consideration. Yeah. I mean, more than happy for you to go have a chat with her. What some guys like to do in this sort of situation, man, is if they're serious about it and they kind of just want to make sure that, you know, it's all good either from the misses or just from a financial perspective, you can lay a sort of a refundable deposit just to sort of secure that spot and just to show that you're sort of serious at the same time.
Kane webster: Yeah, Is that something you'd want to do or? Nah, I'd better have the chat first. Yeah, I'll go home, I'll have the chat with her. I'll try and be pretty quick in getting back to you and letting you know if this is a go or it's not a go. As I said, like, I definitely want to do something like this. And if it's not now, once, if this is just something we can't, as a family, afford to do, this is something that's on my mind for the near future, whether that's now, as I said, in six months' time when circumstances change and it turns into something we can definitely afford, it's definitely something I'll be looking at completing at some point in time.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, let me try and come back to you, if not tonight, sort of tomorrow morning, and I'll let you know how we're going. Yeah, for sure, man, for sure. And just something you said there, a circumstance is sort of likely to change in sort of that six-month time?
Kane webster: Yeah, so my wife's just gone back to work from having my third. She runs her own business, so obviously her going off of work, maternity to leave, she's got one person working for her, she's got a cleaning company. But obviously we lost income. Yeah. Due to her being off with the kid and all the rest, so she's literally gone back to work this week, is her first week back. So, yeah, I mean, that immediately brings in more income and things like that. She's looking to expand the business as well by hiring some more staff and offering some more services, which she's just started marketing. So, yeah, I think we'll definitely be in a better position in a few months than we are right now. But, again, this isn't – I don't think this is fully out of the picture right now. So that's why I just want to have a chat to her and go, look, this is what it is. Can we make it work now or not? We'll sort of check what we've got coming up and things like that and see if this is something I can commit to now. But that's where I say if not now, it's definitely something I've got on the cards at some point over the next six months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. Okay, awesome, awesome. All right, man. Well, yeah, more than happy.
Kane webster: Definitely go have
Kyle Musca: That chat with her, just make sure it can all fit. With that, man, just because you're going to have a chat with her and everything like that, just so you can lay all the cards on the table. I probably shouldn't be doing this, but again, just because you're having a chat with her. I do have a silver option, man. There's not technically a spot open for it, but from last time I checked, pretty sure I've got someone finishing end of this week, early next week, one of the two. That would bring it from $3,500 right down to $2,500. So it's a bit more affordable on that regard. And with that, situations kind of like this usually occur when I'm on a call with someone and they're kind of potentially interested in it, and then they sort of secure the spot before it comes available. So I thought I'd give you that option as well, bro. It really just comes down to what you think is going to see you the best at the end of the day. So main differences with that, is a slight step down in terms of.
Kane webster: Accountability and communication.
Kyle Musca: So instead of the check-in calls, it would just be a check-in like Loom video, where it runs through your entire profile and everything like that. And then instead of 24-7 text and call communication, it's more so just like the text communication, everything like that, as well as we open up to a slightly wider group of people, again, to make sure you get the best service possible, right? A few other little details, but that's pretty much the main gist of it. But just so you guys can go have an open chat about it, just to see what that is.
Kane webster: Yeah, definitely still interested in that gold sort of option. And as I said, like, it's not fully off the cards, but good to know. So yeah, I'll have a chat with her tonight. And if I don't message this night, I'll try and message you at some point tomorrow between work meetings and whatnot and let you know where we're at. But yeah, as I said, like, everything sort of you've said to me today sounds really good and sounds sort of what I'm looking for. So yeah, if for whatever. For the financial reason I can't commit right now, it's definitely not something I'm ruling out completely. And if in two, three, six months' time, we're in a better position to do this, I'll definitely reach out again and try and get that ball rolling.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. Awesome. Well, let me know either way, man. And yeah, good luck with it.
Kane webster: Yeah, it's so easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. All right, man, I'll let you go. I'll let you get back to it. And yeah, I'll chat to you soon, man.
Kane webster: Sweet, Az. Thanks for your time.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cheers, man. Bye.
Kane webster: Take it easy. Bye.


>>> 5/250 | Fathom Demo | 2025-10-07T10:24:01Z | id:92295282
People: Susannah DuRant, Kyle Musca

Richard White: All right. Hello. And welcome to Fathom. I'm Richard White, founder of Fathom. And this call here is designed to be just a quick sample recording. We're actually gonna do a demo of Fathom, but we figure we give you a demo. So you'd have a sample recording that's already in your Fathom account. So even if you haven't done a call with Fathom yet, you have something to play around with and see. What do you get out of fathom after using it on a call? Joining me today is Susanna from our growth and success team. Hi Suz. How are you?
Susannah DuRant: Hey, doing great. How are you?
Richard White: Cool. So let me go ahead and share my screen here so we can kind of start the demo. I just share my desktop now. I'm using the Zoom app version of Fathom. We also have a desktop. That version has a few more features in it and kind of see at the top here. But when you're on the call, whether you're using a desktop app or the Zoom map, you'll see what we call the Fathom panel right here. And the whole concept of Fathom is I built Fathom because I always tired of being on a bunch of calls with people and trying to hurt. We take notes while. On the call, having clean up those notes after the call is over and then showing my team or my manager a week later and then being like this or whatever. Right. And so the whole goal of Fathom is we don't want you to take notes. We want you just to stay present the conversation. When you hear something interesting or noteworthy, you click one of these buttons, so we'll show them how this works. Why don't I just go ahead and and us what's, like a top question you get from our users and what's the answer to it?
Susannah DuRant: Yeah. I think that one of the main questions that I get is actually how that highlights works. So when you're on a call, then attend and you hear something important that you're wanting to note, you can actually just click one of those highlights and it'll start marking that moment for you. The cool thing here is it is actually going to detect when that attendee started talking and retroactively start recording, so you can be sure you'll get that entire monologue. Another thing to note is that when you start talking again, that highlight is going to automatically stop. However, if you're wanting to manually end it, you have that choice as well. Cool. Yeah.
Richard White: I think that's one of the unique things you can see here, like, as soon as I started talking again. And it said, cool, that highlight is ended. If you notice, you don't have to know. Obviously, I'm not going to immediately know that this thing you're saying, it's noteworthy. It's often like, oh, you're 30 seconds in. I'm like, wow, this is really interesting. Some great feedback he would like to see. Or this is a really interesting objection or something like that. You click that button. But Fat won't go back in time and figure out, as Sus mentioned. So that's basically what you do. It very straightforward. You can type notes. I think when I'm collecting accidents on call, I might write a one word note just so if I need to refer back to within the call, but our best path just don't write any notes. We have the option, too. But we really say, like, keep your hands off your keyboard on the call. Just focus on the conversation. Now, after the call is over, one of the things we get to is the call recording. And so if I open up the call recording here, I open up an example one. So when the call is over, you get something that kind of looks like this. Right. So we've got your entire recording. You've got the entire transcript. But most importantly, we have the moments that you highlighted. And you can kind of jump right directly back to them. So the workflow for Fathom typically is, you know, a push button hole on the call. The call is over. I come in here. I jumped to my thing. I'm, like, scan the transcript or what's in the club and say, oh, yes. I remember that she was explaining that her should a use case that was for internal. Right. So you kind of just do that, walking down in the rest of action, trans and insights. You could still take your notes. But now you're doing it with the benefit of the recording. You're not live on a conversation, and you can kind of do it pretty briefly. Suzanne, quick question for you. What would you say is, like, the top feature or the top like, the killer feature of kind of like this kind of post call recording piece. Good question.
Susannah DuRant: I think one that I like a lot and we've seen a lot of our users, like, a lot so far is going to be that CRM sync. So most folks I talked to, in fact, Fathom is able to actually directly sync all of your call notes right into your CRM. Your CRM. So that you don't manually have to, which is a post admin saving that time. That is a game changer.
Richard White: That's great. Yeah. So what things we do is once you do fill this in, we can create these auto generate summaries and you can get a summary that you can copy and paste in Google Docs into notion into an email to a prospect somewhere for action is actually is. We want to specifically send into our Asana copy and paste in there. We've got that. But certain you're using Salesforce, you're using HubSpot, we can automatically connect to that. And basically these are kind of auto generated based upon the moments I selected. One thing to also note that I think people can always know if you miss something after the call, you can come back in here and you know, oh, I miss this insight, right? I can immediately flag it afterwards, or I can flag an action item. And the other thing that's cool is if I type as you update anything, if you come back later and update it, it's going to immediately sync and re update that thing you share. So Fathom is kind of. Always in sync with what's happening in your serum. You updated the blah, blah, cool. Let's see. Is there anything else on this page that I didn't cover that I probably should have, Susannah?
Susannah DuRant: I think the one thing another question that we typically get is how people can actually get to this page and find their call recordings. So one way you can do that is when the call is over, you'll see the live panel itself actually transition to a screen that will say view recording. Clicking on that button will pop up this call recording screen that you see here. But one other way that you can get those recordings is simply go to Fathom video. So a couple of options there for you.
Richard White: Cool. Yeah. One of the killer features of Fathom is how quickly you will get this. You will get your call recording if you're familiar with using Zoom Cloud Recording or any other app. It also takes 510 something, 20 or 30 minutes to get that recording. As soon as your call is over, usually within 5 seconds. We will have the recording ready for you. And that's really killer because we found. I don't want to wait 30 minutes later to review what happened and get it all to the right places. One, two. Asking I want to highlight is that you have the ability to share this. You can either share just the recording and the transcript, or you can share basically your view with all the things you highlighted. So you want to send this to internal your manager or something or share with your team. We also have a team view. If you are working on a team and you'll see each other's calls, if your manager does just picking Susanna or or just go up here and hit help message us, we'll get you set that something we're beta testing, but the last thing is, not only can you share the I call, you can also share individual clips, so I can take a copy of this clip and even open this up in an Incog needle. And if I sent this into one of my team members, hey, check this part out. I got some interesting feedback. Or this is an interesting mention of a competitor. You can watch just that portion of the call that we pull out and probably the like, the sexiest, technological things. We can also wire up the slack. So one of the things that you might have seen is I got these old Slack icons here. The inside one is a Slack icon. And that's because I have basically connected this button to a channel. And so when Suzanne earlier was giving that answer about what's the tough question within about 30 seconds of her finishing that we had this video in the Slack channel. And this is pretty powerful stuff. If you can get busy, a live stream of product feedback that's happening on your customer calls were one of my favorites is I have a button here for tech questions. So if I get tech question on a call, I don't know the answer to. Rather than doing a follow, my team, get back to you later. I push that button within 30 seconds. It's in an engineering channel. My engineers are looking at it. They're listing to the question in the customers on the words, they're slacking me back the answer. And so it helps me look really smart on these calls. Cool as everything I think you want to cover. Thank you so much for trying out our products. If you have any feedback, there's just great feedback button in the corner of. The app. Please send us feedback. We love it. We read all of it. We're trying to get some product that every day. So thanks so much.


>>> 6/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-13T04:46:09Z | id:101291105
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How you going?
Callum Hinze: Hey, good. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good. How's it have you?
Callum Hinze: Good. Can you see me? Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: We're good. Yeah. Cool. Super. We'll dive right in. How's this week been overall?
Callum Hinze: It's been a quiet week, to be honest. Yeah. You're right. We need to probably switch something up with all these ads and stuff, eh? Because I'm looking through, and the last, it's been like a couple of weeks since actually a new sign-up has come through ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Where are a lot of people coming from?
Callum Hinze: The last handful, well, to be honest, there's been none for the last week or so. But the last couple were from just like the Lucky Hat thing. Okay. There's just been a couple here and there, just direct inquiries. But looking back, the last ad. So... Line-On was, when was it? It was, like, it was over a fortnight ago now. So I feel like it's probably not worth pumping the money into it unless we switch it up a little bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no, because I think what has happened on that, I'm just going to turn them off right now, because those, the ads themselves, like, seem good, like, how they came up. um, and what can happen is maybe it's just the, the campaign's burnt out. So I'll play around with that a little bit, and I might even just get a new campaign up entirely.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then slowly scale it up from that point, and you just, that was off.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, but yeah, I think the other thing as well is we've done the direct-to-market stuff for long enough now that it's just sort of started to burn out, um, which is a little bit of a problem. so, what I think we do is we'll run the Black Friday stuff, sorry, we'll run the Black Friday stuff and the, the challenge stuff and everything like that. As per usual, try and get some guys on board. It's a nice offer. It's nice, but we can do a direct offer like that. There's actual reason for people to message out. What I reckon we do, though, is we start getting sort of more of the education value side of things on top, which will, yeah, basically be a little bit more of a nurturing process. But realistically, it should bring in more leads at a better price, like better cost per lead for what we're trying to do. And then just get you into, get them into an ecosystem to start engaging your content and like have more touch points for them to actually reach out and book a call, right?
Callum Hinze: Yep. Yep. With this Black Friday thing, we want to start ASAP?
Kyle Musca: Pushing it ASAP?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, because I ideally want to get some people on pretty quick because I've had a couple drop off this week and there hasn't been really any new ones signed on. So whatever we can do to get some, ideally get it up and running, that'll be sweet. I'll get those, the graphics done today as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So let's just make sure that we've got all your Black Friday content.
Callum Hinze: I've got the scripts there, but Fawn's not available for a week or two. So I'm going to probably just film that myself and then hope whatever editor can do it quick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Callum Hinze: Have we got any Black Friday material ready? Nah, nah. So I've got to get that. Well, I've to just probably film it myself and then I'll get the graphics done probably today forever.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, cool. Yeah, try and let me know as soon as that stuff's done and we'll launch it. Okay. Okay. In terms of the lead magnet stuff, do you still have ClickFunnels?
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yep. So that's a pretty easy process in terms of what we'll do is we'll do DME lead. Okay. Okay. And Bye. And then it'll go through ManyChat straight into sending them to the landing page, but then we can like continue, you know, communicating with them through Instagram because we've already got them and we can tag them there. And then essentially what will happen there is you'll probably have to start, you'll have to start doing like mail outs, essentially like emails, but it should be pretty easy. You can just chat, everything like that. But every like little email you send basically will have like a book, call option.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep. So you can go, I'll have, what I would do is I'd create a new calendar and basically just name it this so we can identify if a course come from there.
Callum Hinze: Yep. Okay. And that'll be just for the ebook that I've just done up.
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
Callum Hinze: That'll be just for that free resource ebook that I just did up last week, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So. Yeah. Yeah. we'll add more. The idea there is we just have a nice templated one and we can just copy and paste it and change out what they're actually receiving. So it might be a cheat sheet, it could be  anything of value. Do you have a calorie calculator at all by chance?
Callum Hinze: No, I've got the macro tracking ebook, like how to track your macros and stuff, but not a calculator.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a calorie calculator works phenomenally. I wonder if there's a way we could do that. I'm looking at it because calorie calculator works well. Otherwise, do you have any like presentations, like educational presentations you have at all?
Callum Hinze: I've got one that's finalized. That was on nutrient timing and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Yeah, because I think your niche is getting going to be those guys that are a little bit more into the gym. So if you could do some stuff for like nutrients. Yeah. Nutrient timing, yada, yada, yada, like just different topics. And then just keep running them as lead bankers. Now, what I reckon we do is we do two types of marketing material. One is where, this is where like what we spoke about last week would really come in handy. If it's like, you know, you do like a full, maybe it's a full day of eating or something like that. If you guys like want to learn a little bit more about, you know, nutrient timing, I'll put together a full video breakdown, just comment nutrient and I'll send it through you.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, just on any random, like reel or carousel.
Kyle Musca: Do it organically, yeah. Yeah. Do them organically. So like someone who's, you know, good at this, it'd be like, basically the content style is going to be a little bit different from yours to his. Because they're like. Yeah. Come in and, like, have a look at one that's ideally got a lot of comments. We'll have something to pop off. talk to my followers and their DMs. I train a virtual assistant to be in my DMs to book calls for me. It accomplishes the same result without me having to be in there. I post stories every day. I do two, but I also do two strategic CTAs every single week, one hard CTA and one soft CTA. I build custom meal plans for every client because I love them. I love my clients as well, but I build systems and processes to make onboarding seamless, and I get my assistant coach to do the meal plans. I want to help people first, so I charge 50 bucks a month. I love changing people's lives too, which is why I charge $2,000 for a six-month program because I know that the more the people pay, the more they'll pay attention. God, where'd you learn all that? Just come with the word. Course, and I'll send you my free four-hour-long course that teaches you how to make $10,000 a month. You know what mean? And then it's just course, course, course, course, course, course, course. And again, I don't know if I'd do it specifically like that, but you can just work it in your content if that makes sense. Okay. Now, I'm to find another good example of it. Yeah. These are the five biggest issues I'm saying is in 2025, you're going to want to save this video. These are the five biggest issues. These are the five biggest issues that most guys make when it comes to nutrient timing. Off the top of head. One, link a reel. You can now link one reel to another, meaning you connect your most viral content to sales content. You can even do this to your old videos on your page, go back to your most viral videos, link the three dots, link sales-focused videos to get more customers. Number two, edits app boost. Videos made in the edits apps are getting pushed more on Instagram. You can edit your videos and notice after like CapCut, then upload the finished version to the edit. Make a simple tweak like volume adjust and export. You'll get the edits tag and more reach when you upload. Number three, AI search engine optimization. AI search is live in the first five words of your caption to determine rankings. Start every caption with exact words so the algorithm knows what your content is about. Number four, Google search integration. Professional accounts over 18 can have the posts show up on Google. Your content can reach millions of people outside of Instagram as long as you focus on using the right keywords. Number five, split testing. The Instagram and TikTok algorithms are aligned in 2025, so they're for the three versions of the same video with different hooks. Upload them all to TikTok, then take the best performing one and upload it to Instagram. stop that timer, Nick. Come up with the word updates, and I'll send you the PDF so that... I mean, again, it doesn't have to be a video. I think it could be, like, again, just this  sheet on the e-book, for example. You can take advantage of all of these. And then I got a fair few comments on that. Yeah. I got a lot more comments. Isn't it the five biggest issues? The rest of them are probably down here, Heidi.
Callum Hinze: But stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: And that's pretty simple. Like, you could just sit down in the gym or something like that. And here's... Here's the 5GC issue most guys get when it comes to nutrient timing and fat loss and nutrient timing, right? The other one would be kind of like a direct one, which is kind of what, like, Charlie does, right? Or it's a... Oh, burnout fitness trainer went from working 60 hours a week to building a six-figure online coaching business in just another 25 hours a week. Without spending a dime on paydots. Listen up, I used to be that trainer, leaving the gym, working 60 hours a week, never seeing my family. But then, I discovered something that changed everything. A simple system called the 5G method, which you can implement in under 60 minutes. Using a simple framework, I've generated over $5 million organically in fitness without paid ads. And here's the thing, I'm giving away my entire 5G course for free. Yes, the same course that sells for $4,000. And the best part, you can have this up and running before you go to bed tonight. Tap the link below to get into access now. So it's more like a direct offer, but it's a direct offer to give them something of free value, if that makes sense. Okay, yeah. Do it. Do it. And those are both very easy to do. So what was the guide you gave me?
Callum Hinze: It was just general, like, I guess, methods of, I guess we call it the Hinze Physiques method, pretty much what's involved in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's why I made my, I made an ultimate breakdown on exactly, on all the science, on all the science behind fat loss and muscle building for men. Comment the webphysique down below, and I'll send it to you.
Callum Hinze: And that could be either video, photo, anything, post-wise.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, we can definitely try graphics. The graphics can be a little bit tricky to get across what you're trying to do, because is there, yeah, is there.
Callum Hinze: There's like a little, it's like a structure they can use somewhere. This is like a framework, that's about it, program-wise.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. So you could even make it on that, like, here's my exact four-week breakdown. Here's my exact four-week training blueprint breakdown. On week one, you know, we established control and build a baseline through strength, and build baseline strength. On week two, this is our... First progression phase. We want a slightly more load increase and try to add some more reps in. On week three, that's when we're trying to enter into our peak intensity. Push performance while maintaining form, make sure we're not needing technical failure. And then on week four, we evaluate and recover. We explain that. If you want my full breakdown and going over this in more depth, DM the word, Blueprint, and I'll send it through.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: I'll just legit just run the exact same many chat format that I've ran for the last e-book, eh?
Kyle Musca: And then just link them to the thing at the end. Yeah. I just don't think we did the creatives. For one, I think the arm guide was a bit unspecific. But I think the graphic creators, I don't know if they, you know, did it justice. Where are a lot of your clients? So the four calls you had booked last week, where did they come from?
Callum Hinze: What was last week? Two were Lucky Hat guys from the last month, and then two were from ads, which didn't sign.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, okay. Okay. Now, so one, I'll do a new broad campaign, and I'll just start that real low ad spin and try and see if it starts pulling through, because the creatives there are fine. The creatives are good. I like the creatives.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I really like those last little ads. Hey, it's strange to have a performance.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just this time of time of year, man, like people are going to get  start to go a bit sour, a bit cold, you know, entering into the second half of November. They get into that sort of mindset of just like being fat and lazy. Yeah. Now, what I think you should really try and double down on this period now, man, is trying to get some referrals through the door as well. Yeah, okay. So what I would do there is do you chat to the guys that are with Liam much?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, every week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. So, yeah, I'd have a conversation with the men like trying to like, you know, do you have anyone that sort of you go to the gym with, you have anyone you're training with, anyone that's like sort of got similar goals to you around you, et cetera, et cetera. Like men, you, you know, like broke, and then you basically like lean into, you know, if they join up, then I'll give you, you know, 200 bucks or 250 bucks or something like that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So you have a bit of a referral bonus there. Do you have any sort of referral plays in the go at all?
Callum Hinze: Bye. Bye. you. Nah, not really. There's stuff, there's random things done in the past here and there, but nothing at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd really start trying to, you know, extract them from there as well. Just making it super one known to them, that is an option, like that you get a bonus for, so if you refer a mate to join, plus it gets easy for you as well, because then you've got an accountability partner, cetera, et cetera. And then I would even add up, like, if they joined in the month of November, you know, I'm running this Black Friday offer where I'll actually be a little bit skipped cautious about how you promote this. But like, where I'll give them a month free, because then, but be cautious about that, because if you say it wrong, then they might be like, well, I want a month free too.
Callum Hinze: What's the best way to get them in touch? Like, say if I'm like, they have a mate that wants to sign up, would it be, like, just get them to DM me or give me their number, or what's the best way to do that? Or get them to fill out the application form?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd say maybe do the application form.
Callum Hinze: So just send my client the link to the form, and say, hey, feel like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%.
Callum Hinze: All right, yeah. I need to. Casually bring that up, that we don't have to word it to you, especially just casually in-message, do have any mates, $200?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just like, you know, bro, so on a special offer, if you've got a mate that wants to join in, you'll give you $200 if he ends up joining. Plus, you've got a mate that , you're to do this with, which obviously makes it a lot easier on you.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't go straight in with that. I would start asking questions like, hey, find everything, man, you enjoy the program, you know, X, Y, Z. You give them, like, top of mind how valuable the program is. And then lead into that, essentially, like, yeah, you know, are doing this with anyone? Yep. You got any mates you go to the gym with? Anyone around you that's trying to do something similar?
Callum Hinze: Okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: Have they ever thought, you know, just out of curiosity, have they ever thought about getting a coach from? The other thing is on sign-up spend, like, when you sign someone up, after you sign them up. Yeah, probably Potentially even add in, like... Like, you know, who else do you know that is keen on doing something, like would be keen on doing something similar, like even just looking into it. And then what you could do is like in the first kind of month or like first maybe fortnight or something like that is, and you'd have to have a cutoff day for it, is if they join, if they get a mate to join with them, then they actually get like, like they both get a reduced rate. So maybe it's like 25% off each person's rate, um, which basically would mean that, you know, it's, it's, it's buy one, get one half price.
Callum Hinze: Sorry, I just had some ad going up. Yeah, that makes sense. I'll, and that's just easiest to be done just via message.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, your message or, yeah, call or something.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, anyone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, all right. Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. Um, ebook then ebook referral. And then I'll send you through these ads now as well, those ones that I got done up last week that we're talking about. Those, you know, those story ones that we copied that Ryan Bennett guy's ones over just like training.
Kyle Musca: Oh, Yeah, beautiful. Yeah.
Callum Hinze: I've got them here. I'm just trying to copy them across. They were just purely going to go on stories, hey, those ones?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I also think a lot of people are trying to run ads at the moment, which is  annoying, because then you have to start bidding a lot higher for you to compete, essentially, because it's an option. So that's a pain in the , but should drown out. Yeah. Yeah, because the other thing is, like, we could, we'll see how the broad campaign goes, man. If that's not showing us much. It might just be an early indicator that we're coming to the time of year where people just aren't interested in joining a fitness program. And unfortunately, like, then we would just have to, like, go hard on the organic because you've already built that relationship and that trust with those people that, you know, we have to try and, like, basically rely on that, which is fine because it's like those sales will mean more to us because there's no costs involved with actually getting those sales. And then if worst case comes to worst and you kind of cruise over this next month or so where you don't have any overheads of, like, ads or setters or anything like that, then you are in, like, a little bit more, I guess, of a, you know, not more profit-focused, but you are profiting more because you don't have those overheads, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I guess so.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, but then again, like, we want, that's just when, like, a really strong sort of organic system would have to come into play and we start, you know. The thing about organic is it does require a little bit more work, unfortunately, but there's no cost. Involved with it, so you do profit more at the end of the day. Yeah. Easier sales if you can get them on the phone.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Yeah. All right. Cool. I'm going try to make sure I remember all this. There was something else I had to send you through. Did I send you through those testimonials last week?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Sick. And then what I think... Yeah. And then, because you've got some crazy transformations as well. I I reckon, like, even just talking straight to the camera ones, where you start the topic, you know,  is it possible to cut fat, build muscle at the same time? Like, I did that on the store before. It's like, yes, it is. Under certain circumstances. For example, this is my client, Joel.
Callum Hinze: Like, he came to me, never touched a number before.
Kyle Musca: X, Y, Z. I said, um... Yeah. But the key here is you have to do things properly. And I've just created a guide on how to, like, exactly what you need to do in order to cut fat and build muscle at the same time. If you want that, just drop the word guide and I'll send it through you.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yep. How many, like, videos slash posts per week would you do as the CTA being to that free resource without overkillin' it?
Kyle Musca: Well, for something like that, man, the cool thing about those things is you can't really overdo it because everything you're doing is just giving something away of value.
Callum Hinze: know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, if we have a look at your content... um... Um... Yeah, even something, like chucking that into the caption there, man, that would, that would go hard.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And, again, another thing is starting to use the polls and the prompt option when you go to post.
Callum Hinze: Ah, yeah, I've got to use that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because then, like, if you have that, then, like, you know, you've gotten quite a lot of comments on this, a decent amount. Some more, I think. You know, people would see that and you could double your comments, really.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They'd just not believe it to break. Okay. So. Yeah, there may be a poll, what do you focus on most, tension, weight, whatever. Okay. Again, just adding those CTAs at any time you can. Because that video did well in that video, God.
Callum Hinze: I've used that exact video for one of those little story ad things too with the graphics over it. I think that one, send that through now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I've got really good engagement on that. Whether it be for the direct, you know, coaching application, where you're like, comment  blueprint for my ultimate physique blueprint breakdown. Thank you. Thank you. I was like, yeah, you're getting, what, do you know your views over the last 30 days?
Callum Hinze: Um, it was, like, total account views.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Um, 12 million, which obviously a lot's coming through ads, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. 12 million is still  huge, but.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, I mean, I think it's just add more CTAs to this stuff.
Callum Hinze: Uh, as you said, any real value adding CTAs to any of these posts now, that really won't rock up, just new ones.
Kyle Musca: Uh, like, if you edited it and added it, wouldn't be much bigger.
Callum Hinze: It's just when they're fresh.
Kyle Musca: Like, again, like, as I spoke about last, last time, if you did this. That at the end, like, Comment, Blueprint for my ultimate physique breakdown. Yeah. I mean, just add that stuff in because you need to start generating conversations when we go organic.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Did you say ones like that could be repurposed ads or are they probably not quite as good?
Kyle Musca: No, I reckon, yeah, do something like that, man. Like add the ending to it, send it through to me, and then we'll run that as a lead magnet ad, yeah.
Callum Hinze: All right, I'll do that. So this one here, would I use that as a lead magnet ad or just like a direct-to-coaching ad? Do both. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Do both and we'll test it.
Callum Hinze: All right, I'll make those up today and send them through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just like one more thing on the end there. DME, you know,  Blueprint for my ultimate physique breakdown. DME.
Callum Hinze: E-book. And then if I do a... a... A direct coaching one, would I say DM me something for coaching, or would it be like one of those ones like click the link?
Kyle Musca: It'd be DM me, yeah, DM me Cobra.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: If you want to build your physique. Ah.
Callum Hinze: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. There you go. DM me Cobra if you're ready to take your physique to the next level.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah, I'll do that. The back one, the other posing one that did well, and then there was one other This one as well, I reckon, yeah, that one. Yeah. The Cobra one.
Kyle Musca: Stuff like this. Again, especially when you say read caption, because that clearly got really good engagement on it, because a lot of people stopped and read the caption. Yeah. So it's like, even try that, man. Like , you know, grab that, send it to me.
Callum Hinze: With the CTA in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Or actually for this, we're going to run it as an ad. You could... Um, you could just edit it, add the CTA onto it, and then let me know once it's done that, and then I can just go share it straight through this. Oh, can you do that?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I can share straight through your profile. And you just add, so legit just add the CTA onto the...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but it would need to be ready. The mini chat flow would need to be ready, essentially.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Would you recommend that one to be a direct-to-coaching one, or would that to be a free-resource one?
Kyle Musca: Hmm. Good question. I would say... say... I I'd like to say do both. Yeah. The only issue is we can't do both if we post it organically from your story. But what we could do is we could do – do you still have this video?
Callum Hinze: I should do.
Kyle Musca: I can just probably redownload it, though, hey. Yeah, you can just download it. Yeah. Then if you just send that straight to me, then I can just upload it, and then I'll just add this caption, but then I'll add two different CTAs on it.
Callum Hinze: All right.
Kyle Musca: Do that. Because, yeah, again, your views are  crazy, man. Organic. Like, all of these could be repurposed as an ad.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Just set that through now. Can you, how do you just re-save a video from your Instagram? You can just save it, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Do have Insta-save?
Callum Hinze: I thought I did.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: So you can't do it just through the app. Oh, yeah, here it is. Yeah, got it.
Kyle Musca: Stumbbell bridge, Chris. Let's give it a, yeah, but incline dumbbell bridge, incline dumbbell. I'm going to give it a 9.5. A 9.5. Incline Smith. Incline Smith. Let bring it back to a 7.3. What would be a 10 out of 10? A 10 out of 10 would be, if we could do the movement of a dumbbell incline by some form of cable, that tension is even more constant. That's what I'd do. So maybe an incline cable press would be number one. That'd be a 10 out of 10. We need someone to manufacture that. We need some engineer to come and do that just for us. It'll be juicy. juicy. It'll juicy. be juicy. It'll be be It'll juicy. be Yeah. 1,10, 1,15. Again, something like that, I would probably have, you know, three times, you know, three times A lab pull down on screen like you had at the start, and then at the end. Um, DME, , um, DME split for a full, full week of training. Okay. You know what I mean? And then for something like that, many chat would be pretty simple to do. Like, all you do. No, that's not the right one. . You'd kind of do like this, like, so this is why I don't like the common one is because you have to do one message and then the next question, which is annoying. Whereas when it's DM, you can do like one message and then have a delay and then a second one. But anyway, you could do like, you know, a full breakdown here. Or do you have a PDF or something you could just send them? That'd be easier.
Callum Hinze: I can make one up, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it doesn't have to be crazy. And then the goal would just be start conversations off the back end, like, hey, bro, you know, so you got that split. How's your training been going? Yeah, nice. What have been struggling with most? Oh, cool, bro. What are other goals? What have you been struggling with most? Cool, man. got, yeah, yeah. And just basically just go from there. Yeah, okay. Does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because when we come to organic side of things, the main objective is to start conversations.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then with the lead magnets, the main objective there is to, again, one-star conversations, but to be able to educate, because you need to bridge the gap. So it's like when we're doing a direct offer, it's like, here's the offer, conversate, call, sale, whereas the education closes that gap. So it's like, here's the lead magnet, the sale's way over here, the education closes that gap to build that trust or relationship, so that you can quickly have that conversation of like, hey, X, Y, Z, how about we channel and call?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Makes sense. All right. I think that's just the main thing right now. Get the Black Friday ads done. Get the challenge ones done after that. Get So I'll create a broad campaign. Hopefully that refreshes the targeting pool a little bit better. I also think that  Intrometer update messed us up a fair bit as well, because meta's going away from targeting more and more. It doesn't want you to be doing targeting as much, which is annoying, but we're kind of at the mercy of that there. On your many chat as well, by the way, Yeah, cool. A lot of you guys are working full-time. So because we've got that conversion API, if we go broad, that should be fine for us. That should help us target. Yeah. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Callum Hinze: Nah, that's cool. You've got the note-taker thing going, Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Callum Hinze: I feel like I'll forget this all.
Kyle Musca: I need it in front of me. Yeah. Cool. Yeah, so I think we're just... Get really simple right now and just like, again, focus on the core drivers, which, you know, will test the broad, but I don't want to have to rely on that if that doesn't, you know, pull through. Because unfortunately, it's just this time of year, people are going to not want a fitness program. They're getting lazy.
Callum Hinze: All right. All right, cool. I'm just trying to remember everything, but as long as it's written down, I'll have it to go off. I'll get those, um, those edited videos done with the CTAs added today as well. Yeah. I've just sent you through those story ad, updated ones as well.
Kyle Musca: I am sick.
Callum Hinze: And you said, I did end up sending through the testimonial thing the other day, hey, or did I not?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Callum Hinze: Was there something else I wanted to send you through? I that was all, hey. I think that's all for now. All right, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Because now, yeah, I think we should. Start positioning yourself more as the authority that you are, you're a professional bodybuilder for guys that are more serious about actually taking their physique to the next level. Yeah. And I think to do that, pretty much just what John Jewett does, man, like just if we can start providing education around it, then, you know, you'll become that top level coach that people want to come to.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So. Yeah. Ideally, like with what now, like what we have right now, it's just going to have to be the e-book and stuff. But ideally, I would like to get you to the point where you are doing kind of those video breakdowns on certain things like, you know, nutrient timing, those more advanced level, you know, basic to advanced level strategies that you can use.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. What did you say we'd use again? Would we use ClickFunnels for them to access the video breakdown or they'd be sent like a video file?
Kyle Musca: ClickFunnels is really good because then we can start building like a bit of an email. Do you know what I mean? mean? So then maybe if it does really well, like we might even, like if we can do a really  strong lead, Magneman, and like it's just pulling through at a really good cost per lead, then what we can do is we can just hook that straight up and we're collecting their data on an emailing list. We can just hook that straight up to a retargeting campaign and that's where we run a direct offer too. Once they've already engaged with you and they've gotten something of value from you. You mean? Okay. And then from that point, like we could even like, something I'm waiting for the new year to try is running like a $27 four-week program type thing where they get all like meal plans and all that  into the system. And I want that $27 to essentially pay for the marketing, right? But then like what we, again, this is maybe a little bit complicated, but we could definitely  try it. Maybe we give something away for free as a lead magnet and then we retarget them with a $27 offer. That $27 offer, I'm going to have it in the first week as an accountability call, which is just a coaching upsell call.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because then like, if you could do that, theoretically, be getting really cheap leads, they already trust you, you could even profit off the $27, it works really  well. And then you've got unlimited resources to market because you're actually not paying for marketing at that point.
Callum Hinze: Is that pretty easy to set up? Like, a whole clickfunnels sort of thing? For someone like me who doesn't really...
Kyle Musca: We'll just take old mate to do it, the clickfunnels guy.
Callum Hinze: You build the challenge thing out through him, hey? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it'd just be a rebranding of that.
Callum Hinze: So it's like $20, $25. Okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: Cool. But they'll be the same , essentially. It would just be a $27 before we cough up.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sweet. And then, oh, the other thing was the referrals, man. I would definitely try and start scraping referrals out of the guys you have in the team.
Callum Hinze: So simply $200 if you make signs up. It's easier for...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. you. Yeah, this is another, this is a, I would, I would really recommend also running like an internal challenge of some sort where there's a leaderboard and getting them essentially, you can do it however you want to be fair. It can be off progress, but mainly off them marketing your own business. So it's like if guys are sharing, you know, stories and tagging you, if they're doing X, Y, Z, you know, they, they get, they go into the running to win like a monthly prize, whether that's, maybe it's a defined giveaway, maybe it's a  cash prize, maybe it's a, you know, free few weeks of coaching, whatever, whatever it is, right? But it's like a prize of some sort. And then just make the leader, like leaderboard really public. So there's actual challenge between them. You know what I mean? But if guys are putting songs, if they're making reels, man, and  tagging you and stuff, there's a full day of training and, you know, working with, you Macal, stuff like that, you know, and then you've got like  a ton of these people, you know, again, you might not get a  ton of them, but even if you get, you know, five or 10 dudes that are really, you know, all for you and your business and they're  marketing you like a , you know what mean?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I'll do that. Cool. Sweet. All right, there's some ideas that I'll go get out of those then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I was speaking to Jesse about this actually. had a client that basically like  every second post on his is just a collaborative post of her. And in the last year or so, she's brought in 40 clients alone for him.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, and that's what referrals are. Like, not everyone will refer one, but then you get like feeders and then a feed. Eater will refer you like  10 people. Yeah. So you just need to find the feeders.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I do have a couple that are good with referrals, so I got to keep reminding them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And they're the easiest sale too. Like organics,  an easy sale. A referral's easier than that. Like a referral is pretty much like a guaranteed sign-up.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. Cool, man. We'll get those in place. And yeah, hopefully, again, we're just going to have, again, in the organic side of things, man, there's no sugarcoating. It just requires a little bit more work, unfortunately. But like coming into this time of that year, you know, that's probably what we're going to have to expect.
Callum Hinze: Well, if we see that over the next like week or two that ads just aren't, these like paid ads aren't picking up, would we benefit from just taking them off for a short period to save the money and then just put heaps into organic stuff even just to save?
Kyle Musca: If they're not, if they're not working, there's no point in .
Callum Hinze: I've been flopping a dead horse, you know what mean? Because that obviously worked, they've been working 90% of the time for the year, but it's like this, probably what, the last three weeks has been, what do we put like $1,300 into them, but there's not really been any return. So I'm like, if it's worth it pulling it down over this time of year, maybe we should do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think it's a mix between, one, the new Andromeda update, it's annoying how it is, but I think it's a mix between that and, again, this time of the year. I think it's a mix, and throwing in the fact that we have been doing a direct offer for quite a while, just us, the burnout.
Callum Hinze: Burnout, has everyone seen it, or burnout, because it's just not pushed as much?
Kyle Musca: It could be the campaign itself, hence why I want to create a new broad one, just to refresh that targeting pool. But it could just be the fact that people have seen your offer, and there's nothing that's actually changed about the offer. know, in realistically marketing, we just don't want to gift wrap it, which is why we're doing the Black Friday, we're doing the end of year. Challenge. Hopefully that gives it like a little bit of a unique spin on it. But at the same time, I like don't want to rely on that if that makes sense. Yeah. Okay. I don't want have like contingency plans in place that we can get away without that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Which is why we'll have the lead mags. We'll do a bit of referrals. We'll focus on it. get it. Basically, a lot of the content you do, man, is like actually great. It would be great to use as an ad. So, I just also need you to just start adding CTAs on them. And even if you don't post that, you just send that or you add it into a file for me, even better. And just let me know what you do and then we can use those as well.
Callum Hinze: I have a folder with a couple, which I might just send you through that now. And then I'll add some more on there too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Wherever they are. Yeah, I'll send them through separate. Send me. Waste of time.
Kyle Musca: Now, the only thing with these ads, I'll see how they go, the graphic sort of ads, but the videos, the DME level up might be a bit low.
Callum Hinze: As in under the little...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that could probably potentially be it, but we will... I'll run it and then see how it goes, and then if it is low, then I'll just tell you, and you can tell Mandy to quickly fix it, and we'll re-upload them.
Callum Hinze: Okay, leave it for now, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you might even want to go to and message him now and just say, hey, bro, these could be a little bit low, can you drag them up? And worst case is we just don't need to use them, but at least... Yeah, okay. Yeah, cool, bro.
Callum Hinze: Cool.
Kyle Musca: All right, sweet. Sweet, man. Yeah, so... Yeah, any questions on any of that stuff at all?
Callum Hinze: Nah, that's all pretty clear.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sick, man. Cool. All right, bro. We'll get on top of that stuff and then go from there.
Callum Hinze: All right, awesome. I'll get on to that. That's a plan.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Sick, man. If you have any questions, just, yeah, let me know.
Callum Hinze: All right, cool. Thanks for that again. All good. Stay rough. Speak soon.


>>> 7/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-13T07:43:49Z | id:101302634
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Arran Humphreys: And it's always nice to get away, but then kind of get settled in again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, not 100%, man. Cool, bro. Well, we'll dive right into things, man. You've got to miss his family dinner, Salos.
Arran Humphreys: No, that's all right, bro.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. So five calls this week, man, that's like pretty decent in terms of lead flow. Where did they sort of come from?
Arran Humphreys: I think I banged on Black Friday sale. Which I didn't actually do a sale. I just said I was doing it cheaper. And I got like a fair few come through there, which was good. But I just  bought. So I was like, oh, that was pretty sick. Did another one. I said, oh, yeah, a couple of spots left. Got one more for that. So that was cool. And then the one that I didn't close out of them, he was like a past client. And he  always was missing payments when I was charging like $50 a week. So when I said, I'm doing $100 a week, man, like 1,200 foot, he was like, oh. And I tried it, but it wasn't even that. Because I'm like, oh, can't you?
Kyle Musca: Couldn't do 50 bucks a week. not doing that. Yeah, 100%.
Arran Humphreys: Cool, bro. So four new clients total added to the list this week then. Yeah, and it was my biggest payout yet.
Kyle Musca: So that was pretty sick. I'm stoked on that. Okay, awesome, bro. Yeah, yeah. So in regards to... Good question with ads. I think your content's definitely getting to the point where we can probably start running ads just because you've got it there. But this time of year, man, it's just like cold audience is a lot harder of a sale. It's a lot harder for process than your organic wall. And I think just doubling up with this time of year, man, people aren't  keen to jump into a program. They're not. It's a  time. Unfortunately. Yeah. What I reckon you could do is like you could definitely start gearing up for a bit of a New Year's challenge type thing and just push that hard organically. That's kind of what I want to talk about. Not that specifically, but I do want to talk about lead magnets and adding stuff on just to start generating those combos now that you've got your content pumping. So we'll run into that. We'll do this check in first. Objection to handle a client to closing in a higher plan.
Arran Humphreys: What do you mean by that? So he wasn't like, like he like pushed back when I said 1200 and then. I did like what, his thing was like, oh, ask me missus. And I went, did exactly. So it was the exact one that I asked you about last week. And normally I didn't really know how to handle that objection. But then I did the whole, oh, hey man, like, so I did this thing, like gave him a way out. And then I did the whole, you know, does she know you're on the call? Oh, no. Does she know that, you know, you're struggling with this, struggling with that? Oh, no, not really. So got him through there. then, then I like made sure to, like you said, I made sure that he could afford it. I was like, so can you afford it? Like he worked at the mine. So I knew he could. I was like, I know you're on good money anyway. And then just went through all the, went through the objection handling really well. So that was sick. That was good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good. Yeah, cool. And that's a good, I guess, lesson on objection handling, you know, actually works. Sometimes it feels like it doesn't like, you know, they said no, they're always going to say no. But, like, you'd be surprised at how many people you can actually turn around and just sort of  call them out on their own . Good man. So that's a huge win in terms of, you know, the sales process is, you know, continuously getting better.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Just building up my confidence, bro, really. Is that, like, initially, you know, I'd kind of  when they would push back, but now I'm getting more, it's just rolling off the tongue. You know, like, I'm not so much, like, ooh, ooh, , like, getting stressed out when they push back.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, it's getting better and better, which is good. Yeah. No, 100%, man. 100%. Pretty solid week. Highest powers a day, which is  awesome, man. Organic video is film 10, which is awesome. So really happy with that. I don't want to dwell too much on the content side of things because, like, that's what we've been focusing on the last couple of weeks. And, you know, you're clearly on top of it now. I would keep trying to get that up, man. Like, if you can get, you know, let's say bare minimum 14 for two posts a day. But if you can even get that to like three, three posts a day, 21 for the week, again, this is not like all , you know, reactions and all talking to the head. It can just be like the trending audio  as well that you do with your, you know, broken back coming back from that transformation stuff. There's plenty of stuff you could do there as well. So, yeah, I reckon if can get to that, like, it's just that much more, I guess, volvee is what we're looking for.
Arran Humphreys: I'm also going to just start posting on, because I've all my reels that I've made. I've got like  50 in my camera. I'm going to start posting them all on TikTok. Don't know, just, you know, get my name out, you know, as well, because I haven't been. I'm like, , I've got all this content, spent so much time making it. I may as well put it somewhere else to potentially get my name out better. Like, the algorithms is . Yeah, that's what I kind of thought.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they're just like, I don't know, I don't even know what content gets pushed on TikTok anymore. And it's just not the best in terms of converting, like Instagram. But maybe you've got your content, you've already filmed it, you might as well try it, see if it goes.
Arran Humphreys: Like, it might pick up for you.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Time-blocked-out content, posted about Black Friday sale, which is beautiful. Just check over the profile out and see if it's structured right as a pin post, et cetera. Also, thoughts for a long intro bit on Topform, bit of a funnel. Yeah, so, well, we can check that out together, actually.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I just kind of changed it around and pinned, like, some transformations and put, like, me in the middle. I just wanted your opinion, like, does it look, from your eyes, like a , oh, yeah, draw someone in, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, are we applying for men?
Arran Humphreys: just sure that you're to to make make you're you're Yeah, they are, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd say they're busy men.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Without making it unnecessary sacrifice. Yeah. Coach, you can relate to, so I get you saying the fly and fly out there. How many, like, what percentage of your clients are working in the mines or trades?
Arran Humphreys: I'd say, , probably, like, 60.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So it's a good charm, but I don't know if you're going to completely cut it down into that. Yeah, it's like busy men drop or gain 10 kilos plus. They're making unnecessary sacrifices. I don't know if a coach you can relate to is really necessary, to be honest, because that's kind of where you could. Okay, so you've got the job form down below. The type form, sorry. So that's where you're
Arran Humphreys: Applications are coming from, mostly. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, yeah, I'd kind of just, like, remove that, to be honest, that part. Not the best thing, but then just apply below the type form. Beautiful.
Arran Humphreys: Because on a phone, it's just the three. So it's like the three on the top transformations.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: And this one was, like, kind of a bit of my story, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yes, I think that's good. Yeah. yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah, beautiful. Yeah, I think that's good. And then I think this is good, just having the type form. It's the only thing there. You don't want to add anything else into that because I'll get distracted. I was going to say, if anything, kind of have that as like a video, if you wanted to put a video as like that, but you've already got that. And I think that works well. So I don't think necessarily put anything there. Yeah, I think overall, mate, that's solid. Okay. You obviously want a good layout on the profile, but as long as that you clearly explain who you are, what you're about, how to contact you, then it's like you're good.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, sweet.
Kyle Musca: And avoid confusion as well. And it's like what I said, don't put anything else in that link.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. No, that's fine. I just kind of wanted to see what your opinion was.
Kyle Musca: I thought it wasn't too bad. Yeah, beautiful. General content, what do you mean by that?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, just in general, like, I just knew how you thought I was going, but we're going pretty good, so it seems like all in all, that's fine, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think you've got a good mix going, man. Like, you're showing your lifestyle, you're doing these reaction videos. Are you putting them on your feed as well?
Arran Humphreys: No, I put the reaction ones just in here, so it doesn't just fill the front page. What do you, what is, what is your thoughts on that?
Kyle Musca: It is up to you. The only thing I think with this is, like, when people come into your profile, they'll just see this. Yeah. so it goes like that, and then. Yeah, so that might be the only issue, like, because you want people to come onto your profile, and then, like, you know, click on some , and just start , like, doom-scrolling your own content. If you can get that, then that's when you'll, like, really start pushing things up.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Rightio. Well, I'll definitely start adding a lot more of them onto the main bit then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I would. Like, plus two, use them as thumbnails as well. Like, I kind of get lazy with this as well, but what like works well, man, even with those talking videos, actually, even with these talking videos, it's like, yeah, that is not really like causing me to, be curious. know what mean? Whereas if you come down and like, I think I did it recently.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, something like that.
Kyle Musca: Ah, yeah. Yeah, I mean, it's like the caption above, the captions below, which is just normal, but like, mainly just that caption above, so it works as its own thumbnail.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sometimes I'll do it like where, you know, see how I've got my face like that, and then it's like the image, like I'm using that as the thumbnail.
Arran Humphreys: Does that make sense? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that makes sense, yeah. It just depends on which right. You go down, but I would always have that little thing above it just to show exactly what you're actually talking about in the video.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Actually, a reason to click onto it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. I won't duplicate this because I won't come back to this in just a second. Now, the only thing I want to talk about is your content, man, is probably adding layers to it now. So you've got your physique, which is great. You've got the reaction videos, which is sort of that more viral-ish content, right? And it's easy to pump out. I think what would really benefit you is, one, adding more social proof into your content, man. Like, if you've got some crazy transformations to talk about, then, like, by all means, go for it. You know what mean? You know, and especially, like, again, try and make it unique to your audience. It's kind of like what I've , and I've mentioned this before, but something like these videos here, man. And like, you know, if you're, if you're a dude who works out in the  trade, if you're a dude who works out in the mines and use that as an excuse to why you're fast, like brother, what the  are doing? Yeah, I don't know. This is going to rub some people the wrong way, but if you're a, if you work out in the mines and you, if you work out in the mines and you use that as an excuse as to why you look like , brother, you're lying to yourself. Yeah. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: And then like bring up some of the transformations of my clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. You know what mean? Like now, you know, and then related to you now, don't get me wrong. I've worked out in the mines. I know it's not, no, it's not, you know, it's not a walk in the park, but at the end of the day, if you have the structure and you keep yourself disciplined and you know how to manage things, you can absolutely make progress while you're out inside. I've done it. This is my client  Ben who did it as well. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Anyway, this one did pretty well for me. So we'll like look at the book. Yeah. Extremely common. One thing I never hear anyone speak about is how much bigger you look, the leaner you are. I think you'd probably know better than me, but like one thing I never hear anyone really speak about is like how much easier it is to actually lock in while you're out in the job site. I don't know if that really clicks, but you know, something along those lines.
Arran Humphreys: No, but no, that's actually something I can talk about.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? It's like when you go home and you've got the more freedom and everything and the flexibility that people use to go to . That's exactly what my client, you know, Ben was dealing with, right? He was actually making good progress while he was out in site. We went home, everything went to .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, right. Yeah, I'll  use that because that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think like if you can throw those videos in there, it doesn't have to be like necessarily just that. It can also be like just social. Social proof type . Like just anything to get the fact that you are a coach who's actually gotten results for clients out there more. I like those videos because they're kind of like you can kind of do the education and then throw the mix of that in there. Yeah, good creative for sure.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So there's the social proof content. And then I think the more educational style content as well. So what I mean by something like this is great. You don't have to do like spam these or anything like that. But I think there's different ways you can kind of go about this. One is kind of like what Sage does, I guess. Yeah. I'm sure you've obviously seen Sage's content. See, he doesn't get crazy engagement, but when he runs ads and stuff like that, like it resonates really well because literally just everything is about  coaching, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah. Learn something like that. If you're not aware, the spotlight, potato in general, is just gone to . There's none anywhere in any shops. It says the spotlight. like that. That's did pretty well. Maybe you collabed. Today we've got the Cooking Queen and the Calorie King. We've collabed in May. A calorie-friendly white chocolate raspberry blondie. All of the ingredients. Stuff like that. Doesn't look pretty crazy. And then you've got like a nice content machine of like, you know, funny, entertaining, relatable, you know, social proof. Again, that should only be like 10, 20% of the actual content. It's not like you're going to be spamming every  second. If you're good, that's fantastic. Probably not the amount of clients to do that. It's hard to do. And then the other is just like educational, if that makes sense. So when they come onto your page, they can actually see that you are a coach and you do have good advice and everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, man. Yeah. I can definitely, definitely see. Start pushing that a bit more too, as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's really crazy. One guy I think is quite good at this. Keep it nice and simple. doesn't have to be a full hype production  show. But like, I think it was quite good at this. Have you seen this guy?
Arran Humphreys: No, I've never seen him, no.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: I'm sure I've seen one of his videos pop up, but no, I don't follow him. I will jump on there, and I'll just pump through his staff and have a watch.
Kyle Musca: If you're trying this way, these are the best cards to buy every single week, and these are straight out of Lehman's meal plan, who drops 16.5 kilos. So again, you're kind of using what I just said to you there. Yeah. The value, here's how it worked, right? So that's a good example as well. Beautiful, man. Cool.
Arran Humphreys: Any questions on that stuff? No, man, no. Pretty straightforward. That's a good area I can definitely improve on.
Kyle Musca: So that's sweet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, That was smashing beautiful. Yeah, cool. Yeah, it will come. Like, it only takes like one or two videos to go  viral, man. Then you could just kind of create the name for yourself so when people see you, they, you know, stick around and watch. One thing I would say is I was watching the other day is I'll probably – oh, no, . I'll probably try and keep the camera a little bit more stable. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Just because, like, when you watch it, it's a lot of motion, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. So make it more stable.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I like to, like, bring the phone in, like, at the start. Like, have kind of some, like, you know, bring it closer or bring it around to the side so there's, like, that little bit of a transition. But everything else from that point, I'll kind of, like, just hold it, try and hold it in the exact same spot. And then you can change things around. So it's, like, if you want to say something, you know, in a certain tone or, like, from a different perspective. Or something like that, then I'll like kind of bring it down and be like, brother, you know, X, Y, Z, and then I'll bring it back up. But I don't, I wouldn't like move it back and forth too much because then it kind of like, it kind of, it's hard to focus on what you're saying at the same time. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, beautiful. Cool. Back to this. Yeah, this, this stories are actually, we're looking good.
Arran Humphreys: How'd this one go today? Yeah, it went pretty good. I've got like two sticker taps, so I swang them through DM. So we'll see how, so yeah, they go.
Kyle Musca: Because these are, you can treat these as tripwire calls, man. Like just jump on, give them education, give them education, give them education. And then you can just be like, cool, man. So the coaching's  two grand for three months. You know what mean? It's a tripwire call. But if a dude's working out in their minds, man, and you know, you've just given them all this  information, they already like you, they're probably going be like, that's not too bad.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: So, yes.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, what are going say?
Arran Humphreys: Sorry, no. No, that will, like I said, I'll try and see what I can do, get them on the call. And then, yeah, like you said, just try and do just short calls and see what we can make out of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sick, Now, I think one thing that will help you massively is kind of like lead magnets because, again, our ultimate goal right now is just to start a conversation. Um, so that is obviously a lead magnet, like a free audit, like a call, you know, tap the sticker and we'll have a chat about it. Um, another one that I think would be really, really good for you is like a cheat sheet, man. I mean, like if you, like, I'm so sure there's, so for example, Sage has got a cheat sheet where it's like a, an eating out cheat sheet, right? Okay. So it's like, um, I, I, I think it was like the main restaurants or something like GYG and all that , and it's like the low-calorie options that you can pick from.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like if you were to do, for example, like a KFC , this KFC video, you'd be like, if you want my ultimate KFC, my low-calorie KFC cheat sheet, comment the word KFC down below and I'll send it over.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? I someone who's really good at this is Brian Mark. He kind of does it in a way that's, you know, I works. I'm willing to say anything that I feel like. You could even do something like this, for example. This is a style of content you could do. clearly works in terms of comments. You could do, like, you know, pointing up, and it's a KFC  Zinger burger versus a KFC, like, low-calorie chicken burger. You know what mean? I think one of the Maccas, one from GYG. One from Zapareros. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Comment down below. I'm not sending my... I think this is an ad because it's not showing up on Instagram and it's got a lot of comments. But... Stuff like this as well. So five Instagram settings to go viral in 2025. Five... You're to have to gear this towards you. like five core pillars, five non-negotiables that you need to stick to if you work out in the minds. Yeah. You know what mean? And then... Five biggest Instagram settings of 2025 you're going to want to save this video. Number one, link a reel. You can now link one reel to another, meaning you connect your most viral content to sales content. You can even do this to your old videos on your page, go back to your most viral videos. Link the three dots. Link sales-focused videos to get more customers. Number two, edits app boost. Videos made in the edits app are getting pushed more on Instagram. You can edit your videos in the edits app like CapCut. You can edit Well, the finished version of the Edits app makes a simple tweak like volume adjust and export. You'll get the edits tag and more reach when you upload. Number three, AI search engine optimization. AI search is live in the first five words of your caption to determine rankings. Start every caption with exact words so the algorithm knows what your content is about. Number four, Google search integration. Professional accounts over 18 can have a post show up on Google. Your content can reach millions of people outside of Instagram as long as you focus on using the right keywords. Number five, split testing. The Instagram and TikTok algorithms are aligned in 2025, so for the three versions of the same video with different hooks, upload them all to TikTok, then take the best-performing one and upload it to Instagram. thought that in time, Rene, I come up with the word updates and I'll send you the PDF so that you can take advantage of all these. You know what mean? Yeah. I'm in the word updates and I'll send you whatever the .
Arran Humphreys: You know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just leave like magnets like that because then you're giving value, you're not really asking for the sale, and then you can just like follow up on the back end.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Right? So that's where the educational side of the video will come in handy. The other thing is like with the educational, like you can kind of do it however you want to do it, of course. But if it was me... You know, like, I would just do, like, a lot of  B-roll clips and everything like that, and I would kind of just, like, sit down and talk straight to the camera and just have, like, a lot of  B-rolls going.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah, that's easy enough, darn it.
Kyle Musca: And then it kind of almost becomes a voiceover, but it just comes back to you, like, every now and then just to keep the eye even more engaged.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Another one in terms of just off the top of my head while we're looking at people, if you're looking at ideas for, like, what to actually post, kind of educational and social proof, this guy does a really good job of it. Again, doesn't get crazy. He's obviously probably run that as an ad. Maybe it's just gone off, but doesn't get crazy engagement at all, and he definitely leverages his missus, who has a huge folly. Yeah. But, like, literally, it's, like, every single  video is, like, about education, but how his missus does it or something, I don't even know, really. When Kiara looked like this, she didn't feel fat. And now that she looks like this, she thinks she was fat with that extra 10 kilos. So if you don't feel fat, but you feel uncomfortable... fat, you This is how you can change too. First thing you're going to do is work out your calories using this formula. Then you need to make three different meal plans to make it easy for you to stick to these calories. When I say stick to your calories, I mean for six to ten weeks with only five days of your calories in this period. I have one meal plan that helps you get through the busy days, one that helps you eat out all for it. So it's kind of like an educational style. Preventive. You know, but there's a lot of on-screen .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Doesn't get crazy follow-up, like, views or anything, man. But, like, it's education and you just know that he's a coach.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. People go on his page and...
Kyle Musca: And if you ever, like, maybe I'm using  Transformation too much, literally this guy's entire account is about his misses. Like, he doesn't even show any of the clients that he has. Like, every single one.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: know. don't know. I don't I don't I So yeah, like I would come and, you know, again, watch these as, you also look at the story. Exactly how Kiara lost 22 pounds, that's eight kilos, a year and a half ago, and kept it off. Here's exactly how I gained  10 kilos while working in mines.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Gained 10 kilos of pure muscle while working in the mines. I lost 10 kilos, whatever the  you want to say. Here's exactly how my client Ben lost 10 kilos while working in the mines. Now, her life isn't consumed by our fat loss, hating photos, and insecurities. It's about getting strong, building glutes, and feeling confident. We locked in for 12 to 16 weeks in a high-protein calorie deficit. This didn't mean we missed our own dinners. I'm not. You can come through and watch this.
Arran Humphreys: I'm not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, again, it clearly works because, like, Ki runs ads and apparently he pulls crazy numbers through the ads. Again, probably definitely leveraging his misses. But, you know. Just as a bit of an idea of how you can use it as well. Yeah, sweet. Yeah, cool. Now, the other sort of lead magnet stuff is the audits, as you've already done on your story, man. And just figure out, like, different ways to do it. Nutritional audits, structure audits, you know, even an audit of a campsite, you know what mean? I've spoken to so many guys who struggle, you know, eating foods with what they provide out in sight. But for the first three, I've got some time this afternoon, for the first three guys to tap this sticker, I'll give a completely free campsite  food order or some  like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, for sure. No, I can definitely, definitely do something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because the thing about lead magnets, is, like, these people, you know, they're reaching out because obviously they're trying to lose weight. Like, if you're some fat kind who doesn't care that you're fat, then it's like, why would you spend the time to get on a call with a coach and audit in nutrition?
Arran Humphreys: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, you just have to have... That small window where you just show them that you can actually, you know what you're talking about, you can relate, build that relationship with them, you can give them value, which triggers the rule of reciprocity. So therefore they feel like they owe you something in return. And then all of a sudden, like the psychological flip just switches, like, oh, like, you know, after chatting with him, that actually does make a lot more sense. And I feel like I owe him something anyway when I'm going to do his coaching.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, buddy.
Kyle Musca: Good work. The other thing is, with his stories and stuff, when you do the question shares, do you get many responses from him?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, not too many, really. Nah, don't, I'm not, like, at the start, I didn't get too many. Like, as I'm doing them more, I get a couple more, but not heaps. That's why I haven't been responding to them on the, on my story yet, because I haven't gotten heaps of good ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's absolutely fine. But, um, to be honest about, like, story views, especially lately, they seem to be quite low for some reason, even on mine. Um, but... What I would do is just add some of your own, you know, that you want to ask that sound like good, you know, because you can add in there like that I did the other day. like  posted it and then I was like two minutes after and I was like ready to reply because I didn't post it early enough and I was like doing it before I filmed content to get into the swing of things. And was like, , I'm just going to add my own ones that I can reply to.
Arran Humphreys: I haven't even thought of that, so that's...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like  weight loss has stalled. I'm not sure why, you know, you just  make your own ones up that people would struggle with.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. That's ... No, that's cool. I haven't even thought of that. was thinking, , I need someone to answer something good so I could respond.
Kyle Musca: So glad I started working with you, bro.
Arran Humphreys: You're an absolute legend.
Kyle Musca: If you want to do that. Cool, man. And now, and then the other form of... Of lead magnet you could do in this, I don't know, not necessarily more work, but I would probably, but essentially like a kind of a video breakdown or something like that. You know what mean? Like I've just made this , and, and, you know, you could, especially if you're working with a lot of guys out in the mines, man, I've just made this full breakdown on how you can like strip 10 kilos of fat while working out in the mines, et cetera, et cetera, whatever you word it essentially. But it's kind of like them, you know, they're interested, they'll watch it. You give them good value. Again, kind of the same as the audit call, give them good value, actually teach them. And they can see like, wow, this guy must specialize in the  mines because, you know, what other coach has a full video breakdown on how to , you know, structure things while working in the mines. In that, you can also tell your story, man. Like I'm, you know, been working with flying, I guess you'd say flying, fly, I just make it sound good. But I've been working on the mines for the last X amount of years. This is, where I started. This is where I got to physique wise. It's absolutely. Absolutely possible to do it if you do things right. And then you basically just go into, I've broken down the, you know, five key non-negotiables that you need to stick to in order to actually move the needle first. Yeah. Forward, you know, again, number one, this is probably the biggest issue I see most guys struggle with is like they actually are pretty locked in while they're out inside. As soon as they go home, they go to all , right? Now, obviously, this is where like structure really comes in play, like actually having something to follow, having something to stick to, so you don't just get  out of hand and then just feel like you can go do whatever you want. And then even better, like having some sort of accountability. Now, whether that's, you know, you've got a missus that's also keen on weight loss or even better, like an actual coach is going to keep you in line. Whatever you do, have some form of like a mate that goes to the gym or a coach. Whatever you do, have some form of accountability because, you know, it's very easy to, you know, make excuses to yourself and like X, Y, Z, very hard to do it when someone else is there, you know, purely just to make sure that you are successful. All right. So now you're planting.
Arran Humphreys: Seeds in their mind of like how important a coach is while educating at the same time. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. And then this is another great time to be like, the second one is whatever the  you decide. I'm just going to say with making sure that you understand your lean proteins and your greens and everything like that with what they're serving inside. See, and then you might even bring a client transformation up. This is Ben, and he was like trying to lose weight for ages while working on site. He was eating, you know, clean and healthy and everything like that. But when we took a bit of a deep dive in, you know, the vegetables were covered in oil. He was going for fattier meats, like chicken, but chicken thigh, which is a fattier meat, et cetera, et cetera, cetera. Right. So making sure you actually understand the nutrient density of the ingredients you're eating, super, super  important because that'll bite in the foot.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The whole way through, then they're going to be pretty boarded.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Arran Humphreys: Just a good thing to have on the account too. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, like, you know, good thing to be able to add in anywhere, essentially. Like if you do an educational thing, man, here's exactly what I would eat. Because you do drive-in, drive-out, Yeah. Do you get to see the campsite food and ?
Arran Humphreys: I don't. But, like, majority of my lads are. So I could, like, get them to take a video on that of, like, the mess.
Kyle Musca: So I could use it as, like, B-roll on that. Yeah. 100%. If possible. 100%. Yeah. Yeah. Because the more you can relate and show that you've actually been out in the mines, the better.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, that brings me on too. So there's, like, again, just doubling down on the lead magnets and, like, improving the, I guess, the quality of the lead magnets. And, like, diversity of the lead magnets as well. Yeah. Yeah. Most of them are pretty easy. you use Canva or anything like that, man?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah, I do use Canva for some things, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, you can create it on yourself. Like, don't be afraid to use ChatGPT itself. Just make sure it's loaded nicely. So I want to build out this exact presentation. Here's what I want you to build it on. You know, XYZ, add in some photos. You know, you're  good to go. Otherwise, you can even look at getting, like, a  VA or something on Fiverr to do it for, like, five bucks an hour.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which, you know, you've got the cash flow, so I mean, it's probably not even a bad shout, to be honest. Yeah. Especially for, like, the cheat sheets and stuff like that, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. So that just looks, like, real professional in that, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, you just give them all your branding, all your photos you want to use and everything like that. Here you go, go do it, and then, man, they're  good, man. Like, VA's are  good. You give them, like, seven Australian an hour, and they'll go do, like, high-quality work.
Arran Humphreys: That's midday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. The other thing I wanted to talk to you about, besides from lead magnets, because, again, any questions on the lead magnets side of things at all?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, that gives me heaps of work on, bro. Yeah. Sorry.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Perfect. The other thing I think you should double down on as well, man, is referrals. Just because you're so personal with all your clients. Like, you're the only, you're, you know,  front man. Like, they're only talking to you. And you build that relationship with them and everything like that. man, if you can start getting them to, like, refer their friends and  on, then, like, you know, theoretically, if everyone referred at least one friend, then you'd  double your business, right? Yeah. Now, with referrals, like, you'll find, especially with guys, unfortunately, like, you'll find that , they don't, they don't like, they just don't talk about it, you know what mean? Like, girls would be like, oh my god, what are you doing to lose the weight? I've been working with  Aaron, he's so great, like, he's the best guy ever. I'm like, you should totally work with him. Guys. Don't that. So I would try to kind of approach it for the, you know, when you're chatting to them and everything like that, be like, man, you're making killer progress and everything like that, bro. And then just kind of bring it up in conversation. Like, do you have any mates or family or anything like that that are sort of like doing or interested or even ask about your weight? How have you decided to bring it up? It's obviously going to be natural in conversation. But try and, like, lead it down that avenue of conversation to be like, well, man, have they ever thought about, like, potentially, you know, getting a coach? Because I'm sure they've probably, like, seen the results you've been getting, man. And just see, like, I could ask them and everything. Yeah, man, like, obviously, man, I'm trying to, you grow the business and everything. We've got a good community, bro. So if you do know anyone, like, I'd be super  appreciative. And just to make it, you know, wherever you are, man, just as a way to say thanks. Man, if they sign up, I'll swing in 200 bucks.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I mean, just keep it pretty. That has to be, like, really nice and personal.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: So again, you come from the angle of like, man, I'd really, you know, if you, man, if you had to work with it, man, that'd be  awesome.
Arran Humphreys: I'd really appreciate that. Yeah. Okay. I can definitely give that a go for sure. Yeah. Cause I'm, yeah, I do have a pretty good relationship with most of the boys that I coach.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. And, and then you can get it like, again, with referrals, man, like probably most of them won't, but like you'll find what's known as a feeder. So it's like, you'll find one client that just refers you to like  10. So you just need to find your feeder.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing, man, I reckon, especially with you, you know, handling your own account and everything like that. I would say like, try and, try and get them to, well, one, encourage them to post on their stories and tag you and  more, but even do like a, like a, like a monthly challenge or something essentially to incentivize them and even get like a leaderboard out. But where, you know, they earn a certain amount of points for tagging you in a story, a certain amount of points for tagging you in a reel. Because, like, if you do have dudes that work out, fly and fly out and  like that, you'd be like, man, just fill a day in the life of me. You know what mean? Tag me. We'll collab with it on  Instagram and everything like that just to show you, like, what a full day of, you know, training or a full day of eating or something like that looks for you out of the minds.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Because if they're sharing it on their stories or their feeds, even better, man, like, it goes to all their  friends and, you know, it just makes it easier for that conversation to actually start up.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, with the leaderboard, Ben, like, you might have it, so make it public so there's a bit of a competition. But it's like  James has, you know, racked up 150 points this month. You know, Scott, you're 120, brother, you better get to post and make it, like, a little bit of a competition.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Okay. Yeah, can do something about that, sure.
Kyle Musca: Just like a fun community thing.
Arran Humphreys: Do you have a community chat? Nah, but that's, I was going to, like, I'm thinking about doing it.
Kyle Musca: Do you think that's a pretty good idea? Yeah, 100%. When originally started, man, I was like, oh, you know, they're not going to  do that much. But my guys, like, they yap in there all day long, bro. Like, I can't even go into the conversation and read it because it's like I've just missed so many messages by the point that I get there. And, like, it's great so they feel like they're part of your actual community, man. They feel like they're part of something bigger than just themselves and they'll want to stay around for longer.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Well, I'll do that. I'll set that up this week then. Because I had asked a few of them, like, what their thoughts were, and a lot of them said, oh, that'll be cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. They actually, you know, become mates and stuff. The other thing is, like, you know, that's a great place for you to be like, , you know, one, welcome you guys to the team and everything like that. But, like, again, if you get a referral, man, like, you I just wanted to welcome Brad. He's a mate of... James,  shout out to James, you're an absolute legend or something like that. Yeah, okay. So they can see the recognition and be oh, I want to be a  shout out, I'll go get my bit.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: With that, I found that you do have to be like pretty active in it, not reactive in it to start with, but like, you know, Monday, I do like a nice Monday motivation thing to try and hype them up. Wednesday, I get, so I get my coaches to do this, but you do it yourself. So Wednesday is like, you know, Wednesday win or something like that. You know what mean? Like, why do two Wednesday, like Wednesday and a Friday win? You probably have to split it up. So maybe like a end of week is a win for the client of the week. You know, if somebody's, again, shout out, encourage them. And then like Wednesday, you could fill in some other filler, whatever that may be.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. I can do that for sure.
Kyle Musca: Again, that's where you have a notion. Just have a tick off Monday, Wednesday, Friday. And you just keep it on repeat.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, no, that'll be actually a cool little thing to add in, you know, make the actual product a bit better than I'm offering to the boys as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's  piss easy once you get a go, man. Is that all makes sense?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, man. No, that's been good. Heaps of  to work on over this next week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome, man. Because, again, we're just trying to cover all avenues from the organic side of things. So we get referrals, can get your lead magnets pumping, we can get your content well-rounded, like you're going to have a strong marketing, organic marketing system going.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. For sure.
Kyle Musca: All right. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Arran Humphreys: No, man. No, that was pretty straightforward, bro. Don't really need, don't really need much clarification there. Just kind of got to go. Just sit down, kind of plan it all out, start putting it into action.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful, man. Awesome, man. All right. Well, if you do have any questions on it, just let me know. Otherwise, I can, like, noticeably see when I see your account, you're adding more stuff in, you know, stories of being more consistent, everything like that, man. So we're just going to keep doubling down and keep opening the opportunities, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Awesome, bro.
Kyle Musca: Appreciate your time, man. No worries, bro. Enjoy the rest of the week, man. I'll chat to you very soon. Sounds good, bro. Talk to you. Later, man. Bye.


>>> 8/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-14T03:41:40Z | id:101636635
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. So I was going get someone to just do that data entry for you.
flexmethod: Yeah, it's hard create the AI photos for each one of the recipes. I don't know, somebody to make them look nothing like the recipe.
Kyle Musca: So it was like one of those probably could outsource it, but then if they  up all the photos, I'd have to go through and redo them all anyway. Yeah, okay. How has this been going?
flexmethod: I changed the scripts with Millie's and that's been an improvement, which was good. had like a, essentially like what was happening with Millie's is like I'd get to the end of a lot of them and they'd just be like, oh, like I don't have a job or oh, I gotta ask my mum. I'm like, oh, like they just didn't have money. So I put an 18 plus disclaimer on the poll and like this is for people who are looking to start coaching Monday. And then like I send them the first message and when they respond after that, I literally say like, hey, like we've got a few coaching options for just to make sure this is a fit for you. Please tell me what your affordable weekly budget is between 50 to $150 a week if you can afford anything at all. And then like a lot of them were like, oh, is this not free? I'm like, no, we don't coach for free. And then like I just save waste, you know, whole conversation on them or if they say $50. I. just send them to Millie's MMF app. And then if they say $80 to $100 or plus, then I pitch them the thing and they've already told me they can afford it. So I feel like it kind of like takes the sting out of like them seeing the $100. So that's improved a lot, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So how many of your signups have you got out of that from Millie's side of things?
flexmethod: So there's been 40 from Millie's so far over the last five weeks.
Kyle Musca: Okay, that's pretty solid. How much over the last week?
flexmethod: Nine.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Have you guys had much come through Hatties?
flexmethod: Not really. We've had four signups on Hatties this week. And there was 10 the previous week, but four this week. The thing is, we've both got so much other stuff happening that like we're, especially me now with Millie. His DMs as well, because Clem A was  that up. That was the other thing. I went through Clem A's messages and like, she was like pitching to people who hadn't even, she hadn't even explained what it was yet. Like, they'd be like, yeah, I'd be interested in hearing this. And she'd be like, amazing, here's a sign up link. And like, they didn't even know what the coaching program was yet. And I was like,  Clem A. And I was like, a couple where she'd like, obviously not going back and checking what she'd sent before. And she'll like, resend the exact same copy-paste message. then like, one chick added Go. They're like, that's really disappointing to see you using AI, Millie. You know, it would have been nice to actually just talk to you about that. And I was like,  hell, could I? So I went back in there, because Clem A, well, she also, she's like, I've just done an eight-hour day. And I looked in ManyChat and she had like, 30 contacts. And I was like, you spoke with 30 people in eight hours. And then I did two hours. And then spoke to 150 people. And I was like, that's not adding up to me. And she's like, oh, it must be the tracker sheet makes me slower. I was like, well, then ditch the tracker sheet if it's taking up six of your eight hours or like seven of your eight hours. But she didn't make a single sale and I paid her like $350. So I was like, well, you're just not cost effective. Like if it costs $350 for you to get a sign up. And so that was why I just went back in there myself. But it just means that Hattie's DMs have been neglected a little bit as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. It might be worth, especially for someone like Millie's account or something, it might even be worth reaching out to see if can get that other VA dude on a call if he's around now. Just because it's like, it's instead of like having a different team of people filtering through and you kind of have to go through Clemet and  Chi relays the information. It's kind of like, it's just one person that you would select and you would like work with them on tonality and they only work in your account.
flexmethod: Yeah. But I think we probably want to tone the ads down for the week that we're away because whatever work we can get in will probably be around that. Obviously, Hattie still has coaching clients and I'll probably just be trying to do what is there that's organic. I don't want to spend another two and a half grand if we're out all day and not working.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, with the ads as well, well, cost per lead is starting to creep up just from creative fatigue. One of the video ads that Hattie filmed with Vaughn that's performing quite well. So Meta's gone through an update where it's called the Andromeda update. So basically, it's just going to require a ton of creatives to test properly to try and find winners or kind of like test things from different angles. So when do you guys head away?
flexmethod: Tuesday.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. Yeah, the biggest thing with the ads is we just need new material going up, essentially. And I also think that through Hatties as well, like we've been doing the direct marketing for quite a while, that it's not burnt out by any means, but I think it would be a good idea to start offering a little bit more, again, just like what we've been speaking about, the lead magnet style stuff to get people through into the conversations a little bit more.
flexmethod: I mean, I think the hard thing is, like I said, like Coburn's, a lot of Coburn's time is spent in Millie's, that like mine's just getting, like I can get, I get in there whenever I can, but it's not that, it's inconsistent and it's very disjointed and.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, it was not. Yeah. so, it's a real shame about climate. I know I understand it now. because she's got a whole team in there. So it's like, if you think that she's in there, it's probably not necessarily her. It's probably like someone else that she's gotten in there. Because I just created a group chat with all the VAs in my account. There's like  eight of them in there. But like, since getting the main dude, his name's like John or something, him and I have been communicating and like the DM personalization, everything has been quite good since then. So I think, again, if you want to test that, or again, I think honestly better for you guys, probably if you can get just that guy that sources the VAs for you, and then it's just a flat rate, there's no commission on top. And she's just, whoever you choose is just in that account. Like there's no other tonality overlaps or anything like that.
flexmethod: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because like, that's probably your biggest bottleneck. Like if you could get someone that's capable to do that for you, like you guys would be... ...
flexmethod: It's just so hard. feel like we keep trying to let it go, and then they just keep, like, butchering it and doing embarrassing , and it's like, , crap, back we go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
flexmethod: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, cool. And then coming into this time of year that, I mean, people aren't necessarily too keen to jump into a program, how many, like, active clients do you guys have total now?
flexmethod: Um, I think in total, like, just over 250.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Do you guys have much of, like, a referral program going at all?
flexmethod: No, we don't.
Kyle Musca: Not really, no. Yeah. I reckon, like, especially if you've never really tapped into it, like, I reckon it'd be a good idea to start, like, trying to, I guess, squeeze that one a little bit more. Like, you guys have application forms and everything?
flexmethod: We've got, like, for coaching, we've got the jot form.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I was, I was, like, literally adding it in just before, but, like, adding it to the bottom of my jot form, so before they press submit, and on the thank you page saying, like, if you've got a mate who's keen on getting some coaching, get them to fill out this application form, and I'll reach out and run through what's involved. P.S., you'll get $250 for, you know, I said being a G, but essentially for referring someone. And then, like, you might even want to chat to your coaches and everything like that, and, like, saying, you know, when, especially when someone's had a win, or, like, you know, they've said they really enjoy the program or something, it's like, who else do you know that, you know, would also be a good fit for, like, who, who, who could benefit from coaching.
flexmethod: P.S. I know that the app that Anthony's building that will eventually maybe move over onto if he can sort the data transfer issue actually has, like, an inbuilt referral thing in it, where, like, down the bottom. It has like each person gets their own unique referral code and it says like what they get if they refer someone over. So it's kind of like there without kind of being like pushy and talking about it and trying to seem like you're trying to make money off them. Like it's kind of just there for them to make that decision.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've noticed, I think one thing with the referral side of things is like people won't do it though unless you have, for one, like you bring it up, like make it top of mind for them. But then if you can also create like a bit of a community where it's just like, you know, people just do that because it's like whatever one else does essentially, then that can also be like a strong internal pool for you. But like if you've got 250 active clients, like that's a pretty big pool of people that you could go out and say.
flexmethod: Yeah. remember Sheridan did this post in her forum was like, if you, what would you tell when you're. time. Bye. Like, would you, if you, if one of your girlfriends asked about her thing, what would you tell them? And, like, essentially she used it as a way of people being like, oh, my God, the best thing you'll ever do. And it was, like, this kind of, like, organic. And she used it as a post. And then she used it as a post, and I thought it was really good. Sometimes I feel like a bit of a dick, like, asking, like, I go in there, I'm like, hey, guys, what would you, what do you love about flex? Like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I take it from, like, an accountability perspective. Like, if you've got a mate that's keen, like, one, obviously they get much better results. But, like, it keeps you both accountable because you're both on the same journey. You're both doing, you know, similar things. And it just, it's just an accountability factor. That's kind of how I approach it.
flexmethod: Yeah. We'll have a little feedback. We'll have to make it work. Like, what we can do, it feels organic or feels right for us. Yeah. I don't know. I thinking about like a way of doing it without a feeling. I noticed there's like a bit of apprehension around that method of like trying to get them to like, it feels super salesy to me, but maybe that's just something, maybe that's just my perspective of it, not how other people would take it. I mean, for my, if I can share like what it feels like from my experience, it feels like, I mean, we're always trying to like sell into coaching, sell into coaching, sell into coaching. And sometimes I feel like, do we feel, do we look desperate?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
flexmethod: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: On that though, like the, cause you're in the business all day, you're thinking about it all day, like you're seeing it all day, you'll get burnt out a lot quicker than like your audience and your clients will of it.
flexmethod: I mean, I think that's about The other day, I like, because one of my friends put up, you know, waitlist is closed till February. And I'm like, how do we, like, I'm like. Oh, someone said, yeah, but like, Jet, when you took me, I shared it and put up, like, no, I'm not taking anyone on till the next February. I mean, we could do that, but then you just stop making money. Like, you've got the ability to scale and grow. It could just be that she doesn't want to hire another coach over the Christmas period.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And she just knows that this period is going to be, like, pretty, you know, pretty, pretty, not great, as, as fitness coaching usually does.
flexmethod: you might want time off.
Kyle Musca: But again, like, you could do something similar like that, like, you know, you know, we're currently full, but like, want to help women, so I put together this, you know, seven core pillars of weight loss for women in their 40s or something like that. Feel free to watch it. And then that's the lead magnet that starts the conversation.
flexmethod: I do. I feel like once this low-ticket app done as well, it's going to be the best lead magnet because it's so easy to just give somebody a taste of like what we're doing and then like give them a little free trial on here and if it ticks over, they start paying and you can follow up and be like, how is it? Do you feel like you need some more? Like, do you need calls? Do you need check-ins and adjustments?
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah. Yeah. If you have like a low-ticket thing that's automated, it's a pretty powerful thing. One, you can do like a seven-day trial so they can actually get in there and use the product and feel around everything like that.
flexmethod: That's why like many chats got that thing now where it's like if somebody follows you, you can set up an automatic message. So I was saying to Hattie, like if we get this sorted and somebody follows, like, hey, thanks for the follow. Just launch down your Flex app. Here's a link here to give you one week free access. Let us, you know, we'll be keen to hear how you find it and then like something. But if they want more support, just reach out and then like gives you a reason to just like have a setter in there. Like if that guy just like following up with people being like, hey, like how'd you find it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know, I think that would be a fantastic idea. It triggers the rule of reciprocity as well. Like if they feel like you've given them something of actually good value like that, then they'll be a lot more inclined to like want to give something back to you.
flexmethod: I'm just thinking, you know, I'm laughing. I'm like, all this AI stuff is making me more disconnected from people than connected. Like when I, if I engage with something and then I get an automation, I'm like, oh, like, you know, really for me personally, I'm really noticing that I'm just like, as soon as someone talks back to me and either chat GBT or they've used AI to talk to me, I'm like, or if there's a, even like a free selling thing, I'm like, oh, I just, that's me personally. I don't know what the rest of the world is like, but there's a part of me that's like, do I, cause I guess like for me, I'm like very well known as. It's like being quite authentic and quite organic that all the AI stuff kind of like I find it really, I'm like, am I like, am I selling out, like trying to do it? Well, what's the alternative? You talk to 300 people each week without the help of any AI. How do you think you'd last talking to people in your DMs full time while you're still trying to be a coach?
Kyle Musca: Well, I think with that, because I agree on that, I don't really like, I think that feature's been overhyped in terms of if I followed someone and they instantly messaged me, you know, like asking about my goals or something, I'd be like, oh, this is definitely like an automated sales pitch. But I think if you paired it with something like what COVID just said there, it's like, hey, like, you I've just launched this new app. I'd love, you know, I'd happy to give you a seven-day free trial to just to hear your thoughts on, you know, your feedback on it type thing and just give them like a free piece of value for that. Like that's different because it's like, you know, you're just giving value without any like actual immediate sales pitch after. But again, it would have to feel obviously authentic and genuine to you and your branding and everything like that.
flexmethod: I mean, you don't have to. can just be there as the downsell to catch people who do apply.
Kyle Musca: But I think you could even run that as like a, you know, again, a lead magnet, you know.
flexmethod: Honestly, I would suggest this to Millie because we don't benefit from it. But if Millie did that with her MMF app in her account, that would be ludicrous. She's, I looked at her  30-day thing. She's had 35,000 new followers in the last 30 days. That's 35,000 people she could have said on one week free trial of her app too. Even if  1% of those people stay on and keep paying weekly, that's like 350 people in a month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. No, I think the one week free trial is a really good idea. Again, when we're looking at like lead magnets and stuff. It's good It's a It's like, I think that the biggest ones are going to suit you guys is one that would be really powerful. Again, the masterclass that we've already spoken about, but even like cheat sheets and stuff like that. I think with Hattie being an educator, though, I think that like a video format, you know, actual education piece or again, like an actual physical product that they can get in and use would be the best option. And there's two different ways to do about that. One, you can just do the free trial. A no cost type thing. It's pretty much the same as what I was telling you guys about, like doing the 27-day, four-week program type thing. If it's completely automated and trying to get it to break even on the front end. Also getting their card details on file as well. So it's like when you have that chat or have you decide to follow up, it's like, cool, do want to proceed from here? Yes, sweet. And then you just like click in the back end and put it through.
flexmethod: don't actually have to re-enter their card details. Yeah, I think that would be Good to have something that just covers the cost of ads, even if that is just that, because then you can just scale.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. With that, I mean, we could do message or we could do landing page, but like, again, whatever we set up the conversion API to, because we can't do it in ManyChat, with the websites, you can actually do it off like cost per purchase. We can do cost per purchase, but we can do it off purchases. So like, can record the data of everyone that makes a purchase, and then it's like, all right, cool, we can gear it towards people that have similar interests in that. So similar to how the messages learn over time. The issue with the ManyChat is like, we can only qualify so far to the point of like, you know, age and like, at the end of ManyChat flow is the furthest you can essentially qualify, you can't qualify an actual purchase.
flexmethod: Yeah. Yeah. I wonder if, I mean, probably do pretty well running. Like a, using this as like the, when will that be ready? Well, realistically, we can just keep growing it even after it's ready. I mean, how do you put three programs in there? I'll have finished all the programs by this weekend. I'm doing a lot of filming on them. How many programs will it be? There'll be like five or six. There'll be two different at-home options and then the rest is all. So like five or six programs and then I'm going to try and get in at least like 250 recipes. And then so like if that's done, it can literally be like the ad could literally be like that's the selling thing. Like can you flex up, pick your program, free recipes, get like a free week today or something. And then it's like gives them on and then you're just like. Follow up with them later and be like, do you need more help?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think, like, what you could even do there is just, like, have Hattie just, you know, talk straight to the camera and be like, I'm so excited to announce I've just launched the, we've just launched the new Flex app designed to make, you know, X, Y, Z. And to show you guys how great, how good, like, good it is or whatever, I'm going to give you guys a week free. All you have to do is just quick blow, join, and, you know, go. So it's kind of like a big announcement type thing one week free, which would also be great for building an, like, emailing list as well, so that you can, like, start doing those back-end emails.
flexmethod: Just need the branding thing to send them. Yeah. We've got that somewhere on our computers. We'll be able to send Yeah, you sent them to me once before, but you sent me the whole thing with, like, all the concepts and the ones we didn't go with and that.
Kyle Musca: Do you guys have, like, a CRM or?
flexmethod: A what?
Kyle Musca: Like a CRM. CRM, like, that kind of has all your contacts in there and then, like, an email out from it?
flexmethod: No, only through our actual, like, active campaign and MailChimp, but not, like, one that's collective of, like, all of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I think also for, you know, your guys' audience, it is, like, a little bit of an older demographic. I think if you guys, and also, because Hattie's a, you know, great writer and educator as well, I think if you did start tapping into the emailing market and building that email list, I think you'd make a fair bit off the back end there as well.
flexmethod: Well, it's just, like, it's just another thing to do when we're not nailing what all you need. Like, I hear all this stuff and I'm like, yeah, but we're not even nailing what's in front of us.
Kyle Musca: Why are we adding more things in?
flexmethod: That's my concern.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, the ads and stuff, one, this update is going to be tricky because it really relies on heaps of creators. So, Meta's, I just mentioned COVID, Meta's done a new update where basically it's, like, it just favors. There's volumes of creatives to test different audiences to work, which is a bit annoying. And with the cost per leads and everything of the current ads, like, creeping up, think we need to get something new, a new offer in there to some degree for it to continue holding steady, essentially.
flexmethod: Well, yeah, I guess, like, at the moment, it just feels like we're trying to get all this stuff done really quickly. Like, before we go. And so, I mean, maybe when we're away, we can think of some more organic ideas. Like, I'm not opposed to, like, not doing some things that you guys, that you might need. But, and I understand, like, obviously, the more organic stuff that we can create, the better. But it just feels like, at the moment, it's like, just trying to do what's in front of me feels like a lot. So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So with that stuff, like, I guess the good thing is once it's made, it's made. You can, like, evergreen it. And I think it will probably, like, align with your style a lot more as well because it's more sort of like giving value, giving value, giving value, and then it's like ask on the back end.
flexmethod: I've already got, I try and get out, and I'm inconsistent at this, like, an email a week on my current email database, which is, like, just under 6,000. But I don't tend to get many, like, we get some people put their name on the job form, but, like, I don't always want to sell as well in my emails. Like, I try and do some where I'll, like, let people know there's a sale coming or, like, if they, where they want to find coaching or I'll, like, expand on a big post. But, I mean, I don't think I've nailed email marketing. It's the first thing I'm going to say.
Kyle Musca: But I'm also really inconsistent with it. Yeah. Yeah. think with email marketing, again, same concept. It's like, you know, tell a story, give value, give value. And then it's like every now and then you'll put in like an ask. So it's like, and here's the join link or however you guys want to go about it. But I think again, same thing with there is like, need the volume to do it. Cause like, if you're doing education, education, education, three weeks, and then you're only asking once a month, obviously like that's just not as high top of mind. Whereas like, if it's like almost emails every few days, then it's like constantly top of mind. And you can get like a lot more value out between the hours, if that makes sense. But I think that's, again, this is like getting into the, cause what we're doing is just a direct offer. It's like, here's the offer, but conversate sign up. Whereas this is like more of a nurture sequence to provide that extra value. So I think like if we could get a constant system where you are doing things like that, you can say like, Hey, I just like made this masterclass for women in their forties on how to lose weight. Let's say, and that goes into the email sequence. Or you could even drop like a recording of your group coaching calls and stuff like that if you'd be okay with that, just to give them a taste of what it's actually like inside.
flexmethod: Yeah, we thought about that a lot. The one thing I thought about with that is that we haven't asked permission for the people that are on those calls to share to people outside of the community. They share pretty personal. And they share pretty personal things. So while I thought about that, because I'm like, sometimes these  calls are so brilliant. And we have clients that will be like, this is the best thing ever. Yeah, true. I didn't even think about that. I'm like, oh, respectful of the people that are on that call. Like, haven't asked them to share it publicly. So that's what I feel is, you know, like integrated to the community, because it'd be terrible if someone was like, hey, I saw that you sent an email amount. Like, you didn't actually ask me if that was okay. Because a lot of people, you know, come onto those group calls and share. And we say this is a safe place, but now it's been shared to the world.
Kyle Musca: Is that like a Q&A that happens after? don't remember.
flexmethod: So. you Like a conversation that happens through the call. Conversation that happens throughout the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
flexmethod: I mean, if I ever, like, did a topic, I mean, I've got topic ones, but we could even, like, think of doing a particular topic, you know, in the next week, and then we record that, and then we put that out to our email list. So it's like, it's, you know, we've sequenced it, it's a strategy, we could do that. So these are the type of topics we'd like to coach our, this is how we like to coach our clients. Do you want access to this? Like, we could do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it doesn't have to be a super hard, like, CTA that's, like, if you, if you guys want, like, professional help and you want us to map this out for you and you need, like, a little bit of guidance, can be able to help you get it done, feel free to, you know, just inquire about coaching down below and we'll reach out.
flexmethod: Yeah. Yeah. You can do that. Eating rice. Eating plain rice. I'm starving.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I'm...
flexmethod: Plain white rice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I think for right now, like, you guys sound pretty flat out, pretty hectic, and then you've got this trip going away for the week, so I think it would just be about, like, when we're back from that, we'll definitely probably need some creatives to get back up into meta, otherwise they'll just keep creeping up.
flexmethod: Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: But if the app's ready and ready to launch, then I think that's a fantastic time to run an offer around that specifically to get people on the app.
flexmethod: Oh, you're filming with your mum, aren't you? Not, what's his name? I was going to say, could probably do a creative for that, so it's ready to go when we launch and just run that. And just do, like, two weeks free, and that just means that when that's running, like, by the time we get back from our trip, then we can go through and follow up with everybody who would have been on there for a weeks. I mean, you can just film something with me in clear light when we're away, on my phone. That's true. Like, all the videos are done through the iPhone, they're fine.
Kyle Musca: Just got to bring the camera. And even, like, look at doing a carousal or something like
flexmethod: And it is like really clear light from the window. There's going to be many nice spots to film in Afghanistan.
Kyle Musca: You guys go to Afghanistan.
flexmethod: Yeah. I don't know where we're going. I don't know on when I... I heard Baghdad's beautiful this time.
Kyle Musca: Is that a holiday?
flexmethod: What's that for? Yeah, just a trip away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool.
flexmethod: That'll be sick. And then I just decided not to tell her where.
Kyle Musca: Just because I know it's eating rough inside.
flexmethod: Oh, yeah, sorry. That's why I've been telling everyone anyway.
Kyle Musca: Like a gold star, but really. Yeah, awesome. Okay. Let's see. That's exciting. Cool. Okay. Is there anything else you guys are kind of running into issues with?
flexmethod: Not really. So you went to the gym today.
Kyle Musca: Was it any good? Yeah, it's been pretty all right. Um, I'm only back here for a month, so I was like, oh, it's an easy one to, like, sign up to, and they're not going to hassle me. So, have you not been there?
flexmethod: No, I haven't been yet.
Kyle Musca: Oh, it's like, oh, it's not small, it's busy, but it's, like, a decent environment. It's good, good for what I'm in.
flexmethod: Well, looks nice to find him. Yeah, 800 plus members in that little place, which is crazy. Yeah, it gets busy as while. Definitely looks busy every time I see a video, go out there. Yeah, it's like, back to the background.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, but. Pretty well. I heard Cade sort of want to get out of his own.
flexmethod: Is it?
Kyle Musca: I don't know, I think there was something with George or something, I don't know, I don't know heaps about it, but.
flexmethod: They better , if want to get out, they better pay Cade, see what they owe him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I think it was like, a takeover, not a takeover, but like a transition of ownership, I don't know. That was a transition to me.
flexmethod: Pardon? Sell it with the dead or something.
Kyle Musca: Sell Yeah, it was like a one-sentence thing that I had with George, because George has always wanted to go to a gym or something.
flexmethod: Oh, well, it would save him a lot of trouble.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so.
flexmethod: He does coach all his clients there anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Just, it's so hard to, like, make a return on.
flexmethod: Especially if you're trying to keep it, like, the private-exclusive route instead of just doing what the gym's done, which is just like, yep, you want a membership, you got it. But it's like, they'd be turning, like, 30k a week, whereas, obviously, they've limited to, like, 20 people charging 60 to 100, like, a week. It's like, hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Oh, I guess you live and you learn.
flexmethod: Yeah. Yeah, he's so locked in on his coaching now. Wouldn't want any distractions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so I, like, looked up the ads that they were running for, for Lily, yeah, for Lily. And, um, George. was running, like, the exact same ads on his, like, exact same wording and everything.
flexmethod: He's gone on and copied.
Kyle Musca: Oh, don't know if they, like, he did that. think it, like, whoever's told them to put them off has just given them the same wording.
flexmethod: Did Josh work in Greece?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. It was like, I'm looking for seven women who are looking to lose fat and grow their glutes. Dear me, whatever, for it. It's, like, the exact same wording. Holy , no.
flexmethod: You've to lose fat and grow your grutes at the same time, Trey.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so. Perfect. Awesome. Yeah, I think with that, with the app launch, that's a good opportunity. And then also, like, even just, like, looking into ways for internal referrals in a way that you guys feel comfortable with, because, you know, you definitely have some people in there that would be keen, I reckon.
flexmethod: Yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Even if it's like looking at certain ways, like one thing I'm looking at right now is like having, trying to have like an internal point system where basically like when they essentially market your business, like if they post a story and tag you or like share a feed, whatever the case may be, then they get a certain amount of points and they go into a leaderboard and at the end of the month, like someone wins a prize.
flexmethod: I mean, I would definitely get people, depending on what the prize is, I would definitely motivate. I feel like it, I feel like it depends on the demographic and the niche. So like I could see like people who are active on Instagram and that already like being excited about that, but I'm not sure how many 40-year-old perimenopause or women would be jumping at that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but it doesn't have to be anything crazy, it could just be a photo of them at the gym. Again, I just phrase this as like it's accountability thing, like if you put it, you know, publicly and stuff, people see that you're on a journey, which will give you extra support, but also you've stated that publicly that you're committed to making this change. Thank you. And then tag us, I'd love to support you in that journey. But you'd also be surprised, like, you'll get a, like, they're known as feeders, like, not everyone will refer someone, obviously, but you'll find, like, you'll find one person that will just refer you, like, 10 people that just keep, like, feeding your clients. Like, I was talking to Jesse about it, and he's, like, he has one girl that just, like, constantly shares and posts stories and stuff about him. She only has, like, 2,000 followers, but she's referred, like, over 40 clients in, like, a year.
flexmethod: Amazing. You must look good, then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so.
flexmethod: That's the thing, like, perimenopausal women, they're not, like, they're not hot. They're not, like, I want to look like that. Like, that's the hard thing about this demographic, whereas when you've got lower, like, when you've got their 20s and they look good, everyone's like, I to look like that. I'm thinking about creating, like, an ambassador program for this app and where, like, we have flex people and they get their own link, and if, like, people sign up through that link, like, Good luck. Commissions on however long they're on there or something like that. But I'm just not sure if there's a process to be able to track that in this app or if you can create different links than that.
Kyle Musca: I've to talk to them about that. Yeah. Yeah, I think the referral thing is just like, unless it's brought up and it's like built into the community in some way, people just don't think about it and people don't care about it.
flexmethod: Yeah, definitely. I mean, yeah, we haven't had it. But when it was just me coaching, swear, like referrals was like my number one way I grew, but it definitely doesn't seem to be as much of a referral community with this when it's like built like this.
Kyle Musca: This is also where I probably like chat to the coaches about it as well. Like, you know, if someone's had a really good win or they've said something really good about the program, like make sure to ask them if they have someone else that would want to join. And then obviously run them through how you want them asking about that or even just like letting you guys know that that that has happened.
flexmethod: I mean, the thing is, though, half our coaches, they've got their own. I was about to say, for all we know. I don't They are referring people and they're like, yeah, absolutely, yeah, just send them my number and I'll get them started. Yeah, so the only person that doesn't have their own business is Claire.
Kyle Musca: So we could actually get Claire to do it. Yeah. Oh, yeah.
flexmethod: Yeah. Hey, Kyle, I've got to go eat something.
Kyle Musca: I'm about to fade into sweet darkness.
flexmethod: Cool. All right.
Kyle Musca: All right.
flexmethod: Enjoy your trip. Thank you. Thanks, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, keep me up there. I don't know to upload you guys, and then we'll just play around that. Easy. Sounds good. Awesome. Cheers, man. We'll watch that soon.


>>> 9/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-14T04:57:02Z | id:101639183
People: Kyle Musca

Torin McGlynn: This meeting is being recorded. How you doing, brother?
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro, how you doing?
Torin McGlynn: I'm good, man. How's your day going?
Kyle Musca: Good. How about yours?
Torin McGlynn: Good, man.
Kyle Musca: Good. Yep, nice, man.
Torin McGlynn: I had a sales call that was awful. Well, I felt like I performed well, but they just didn't have enough money. So I didn't want a downside or anything like that. So I sent it to Tommy. Hopefully he can give me some good tips on it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, beautiful, man. Cool, bro. How are you going with everything, man?
Torin McGlynn: Did you get any good candidates out of the coaching application? Yeah, so I looked through them. I haven't interviewed them yet, but I have looked through them. There's some really good ones in there. Way better than the ones that I put on my story. Like, massive paragraphs, like, going over. For everything, which is the job for tomorrow. just haven't got any sort of chance for that yet.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Sweet bro, did you get a chance to fill out that?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I literally just filled it out right now.
Kyle Musca: Oh, beautiful. Oh, yeah, beautiful. I was ready to do that.
Torin McGlynn: Biggest week to date, by the way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah,  yeah. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: if we count.
Kyle Musca: Today's 21.5, that's wild.
Torin McGlynn: If we count, Friday last week, because they made 5K last Friday, it's 26K.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. , that's a secret.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, more than, I mean, not even just going from weekly to, monthly to weekly, but like. Oh, yeah. That's insane.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Pretty nuts.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. 12 cause books are quite a few off the back in there. Are they just coming through the story CTAs and everything? Uh, sorry, the posts and stuff?
Torin McGlynn: Um, so the. Just coming from the lead mags, man. Obviously, I did do a story CTA on last week, but it didn't perform that well. The lead magnet seems to just pop every time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and I think the lead magnets are going to be your bread and butter. And I think, you know, with all the marketing we do moving forward, I reckon it's just going to be about the lead magnet side of things. And I think we'll just be adding in layers of what those lead magnets actually are. Yeah. I think for you, obviously, it's going to be centered around nutrition, but like cheat sheets, meal plan guides. Yeah, you don't even want to do, like, we may even look at getting into, you know, some, I guess, kind of webinar type things, if that makes sense, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, we mentioned that before. I definitely think, I think I need some sort of low ticket offer, some sort cookbook slash training program thing. We're still on that transition of actually just freeing up my  time, though. Where everyone I spoke to so far with being the coach hasn't been the one, but I know it will happen. I know that it will free up my time because right now it's literally like back to back to back to back. But like I'm making tons of cash, so I'm not complaining, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no, absolutely. Yeah, yeah. So it's like the same as kind of what we spoke about last week is we just got to get over this hurdle of like getting this coach on and then we can like start doing some other plays. Like the really good thing about where you're at right now, though, is like you're not by any means like stressed to get clients, right? Which means that we can like in a sense slow things, not slow things down, but we can afford to have a longer nurturing and sales cycle, right? Because it's like if you just needed constant clients through the door, it's like, , we need to make sales now. Whereas this is like, okay, we can provide value and then we can have a more consistent, again, sales cycle going.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: While still pairing up with everything you're currently doing on the front end of, you know, booking these calls. Through the organic lead magnet marketing system that we're doing. But this is just like, I guess, having a more reliable marketing system.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, like even, it's crazy, like on the, yesterday, because I haven't made any sales today, yesterday, which is 13 days into November, I'm like 35k made. So, if you're multiplying that by three, which is a month, that's 100k. So, like, we're pretty easily going to hit 100k, not this month, I don't think I'll hit it this month. But it's so crazy how arm's reach it is, like, that's insane.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%, man. Again, we can just double down on what's working, man, take advantage. I don't think you'll be able to get to 100k on your own, that's the biggest problem.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, definitely not. No way, no way. And I don't want to, bro. Like, I don't want to have all that work or my delivery will go down. That's one thing that's... What's going really well right now is the actual delivery of everything. Like my coaching and people are really happy with the program. So that's like a massive plus.
Kyle Musca: Wow.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's something I wanted to talk to you about today actually is generating, well, one, because you're still like front and center of your coaching business, which means that you have hands on pretty much every single client, which is really, really good, really, really potent. And honestly, I reckon like you'd have a fair few, you know, potential clients just out of referrals, man.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I reckon so too. Like everyone's like really, really happy. Yeah, I think, I think like spreading the word on that. See, it's so crazy. Like pretty much all my clients are new, like pretty much since working with you, I've signed like 30 people. And then like, I've got 54 clients or something. I'm pretty sure I had like 20 when we started working together. And that was like the 10K recurring because it was just all recurring. Hang on. Never even did PIFs.
Kyle Musca: And now we've signed, like, 34 people in, like, two months. Yeah, that's insane, man. And then there doesn't seem to be much price objection. Like, you're doing 6,000 USD paid for tools.
Torin McGlynn: It's like, that's... 6,000 AUD, that was. To be honest, there is a lot of price objections now. Like, this week, I've definitely, my close rate has gone down to 50%, but it's because I don't budge. I'm like, 3K is the price. And, like, I don't want to have them as a client if they're not going to pay 3K because I'm just too busy.
Kyle Musca: Like, it's simply too busy. Yeah, yeah. So, I mean, that's a problem to have where you can just kind of turn away clients. But, yeah, like, even the fact that, like, you are messaging all the time throughout the week, like, I've got 3K PIF, 6K PIF. Like, that's a... It means that your audience is good, you know what mean? Because there's some people that, like, no matter what they  do, they could take 100 calls and there's no way they're getting a 6K PIF.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. And we've got two of them this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: So, that's just wild. A hot dog with a normal client. And I was like, it's 6,000 for six months. And then he was like, no problem.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's definitely possible once you dial in that sales process and you bring in the good quality leads. What is the age and demographic of these people?
Torin McGlynn: Like those- Actually, it's such a mix. Like I thought it was like the old, like 40 or 50 year old menopause women. It is a lot of them. But there's like the, like the girl I still actually, if I had to give a range, like 30, 32, 50 or even 60. There's like some 60 year olds in there. It's definitely an older demographic. It's not like I'm getting, you know, people my age at all, at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay.
Torin McGlynn: I think- To honest, none of my sales calls are, none of my sales calls are my age. Zero.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'd say it's probably the style of content and everything as well.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I think so.
Kyle Musca: What was it? Yeah. When you get like those large payments, man, you get those clients that do, you know, commit to longer terms and everything like that. I would would- would-- would would Thank you. Kind of analyze, like, what is it about that client that, you know, made them then? Because it's like, if you can just go and retarget more people like that, it's like, then you're golden.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, the one that I got, the 6K, that wasn't the client that came back. She actually, I think my performance on the sales call was like, perfect. Because I said 6K, and then she was like, oh, it's a lot of money. Like, I work in retail. I kind of make like $40 an hour. And I was like, oh, but it's, you know, is the program you want to do something you want to do? And she's like, yeah, I have the money. And I was like, okay, this is going to happen. I mean, she was so nervous. Like, I could see that she was so nervous speaking to me. And then she was like, I can do half. And then, you know, I can probably do like weekly or something. And I was like, just let me ask you, like, what is actually just stopping you from just going all in, just like committing to this and like going for it? And then she was like, yeah, I don't know, actually. And I was like, like, if you don't take the leave, you won't make results. And then she was like. Okay, let's do it. It was like the best, felt like the best objection handling I had done, and then it was like 6k straight away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's it. Yeah, okay, perfect. Especially to work in retail. I think it's, I think you've got that star power as well, like when people jump on, they see you, they're like, wow.
Torin McGlynn: I've actually noticed that in my last week, is like nearly always they compliment that it's me on the call. Like yesterday, super gay guy, he was like, I can't believe it's you. Like, he was starstruck, and he was like, he was being super gay, and like complimenting me, and trying to come on to me, and I was like, okay, back to the conversation.
Kyle Musca: Take me money, and then he paid.
Torin McGlynn: He paid.
Kyle Musca: That's like the kind of trick, like when you're selling the men, you just get like a young, attractive female on there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but it's been good.
Torin McGlynn: The actual, another big goal input in there, I hit 400k just now. Literally just like an hour ago.
Kyle Musca: Oh,  it. Like total?
Torin McGlynn: 400,000 followers.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Oh, right, right. I think it meant like year to date or something. Yeah, .
Torin McGlynn: That's awesome, bro. Yeah, 401k now.
Kyle Musca: I hit it two hours ago. Yeah, that's what. Is that still climbing as rapidly as it has been?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. So I was doing 10k a day for a while. did like four days in a row of 20k because I did 100,000 followers in five days. But now it's like 2k a day, 3k a day. I still think I'll hit 500 by the end of the year.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's it. Okay. Well, that, yeah. Again, this is a really important time to segment yourself as the authority in the market, which is why it's like as soon as we can get a coach on, unload that fulfillment, then we can start playing. You'll have more time to start building out these resources, you know, doing these series and actually being able to educate on that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I think it's also really, really critical for us to start building an emailing list because, you know, right now the ins.
Kyle Musca: Instagram algorithm is really favoring your content, but them being  dicks about everything, they could just completely change everything one day where it just completely goes in a different direction.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it could. But we're definitely making, hey, well, there's sunshines right now with the actual followers.
Kyle Musca: I haven't switched content once. I don't think you need to.
Torin McGlynn: Like, if it's working, it's working. I don't want to either. don't have the brain capacity to be creative. Someone said this to the day. He's like, oh, you could definitely just make different content and be amazing now. And I was like, I don't have the brain capacity to even think of a creative idea to  post.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't work like that either, to be honest. You'll see even with Xavier. I've noticed with him, like, you know, he obviously does content like you, but then as soon as he, like, strays away from the path, it just does not get the engagement at all, from what I've seen.
Torin McGlynn: Pretty much all these guys, really, that do the kind of content. That's why I just spam it now. If every video is getting minimum 100, like, I just don't, why would I do different content?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Like, if you find one thing that works, just  double. you don't I mean, become that guy that does that content, know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, want to be that guy that just makes every, until it goes away, I don't see myself switching, because we're getting money, we're getting leads, like thousands of leads a day. Like the setters are covering about a thousand leads a day. The book, I actually got Clemé to do like percentage calls booked per leads. It's around 6%. I don't know if that's good. So every hundred that comes in, six. Book.
Kyle Musca: Is that right?
Torin McGlynn: Sorry, no, it's 0.6.
Kyle Musca: So it's per 1,000. I was going say six, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Per 1,000 people that come in and they're interested, six people-ish book a call.
Kyle Musca: It depends if they're conversating with all 1,000, you know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: No, 75 of 1,000 is conversating.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, what was that?
Torin McGlynn: The ones that are actually, actually actually- The ones So I'll show you. Open this up. don't know if you've accessed. You should do. But I've got to add loads of stuff because I've got two VAs now. there's, like, I've got a group chat going on. They give me their login hours. There's two of them. There's Ada and Danika. And then she made it $5 an hour instead of $6 because I'm giving them, like, I think I'm giving them 15 hours a day. Same fact. So she said that she wanted to do one VA who sends, like, the starting message and then one VA that actually gets, like, the conversation going. And then that's, like, made my calls better and it's more organized. And we only did that two days ago. And then what it looked like was going to be a week of, like, four calls.
Kyle Musca: She's managed to book, like, eight in the next two days. Yeah, okay. Okay, so that's...
Torin McGlynn: Or six in the next few days, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Is it the end of day stuff?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. E-O-D. It's actually really nice to have this. So, like...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, so zero point, where are we looking here? Offered call, active combo, offer book, sold.
Torin McGlynn: I think there's more sold than I did, like one more.
Kyle Musca: This is about, like, the SEA dashboard would come in handy for you. There is a...
Torin McGlynn: Another thing that I want to talk to you about is just some... I need to get a VA. I have loads of people I could get a VA off, but I just don't know, like, the training of them. I don't know if I just, get a VA and I don't know what to tell them to do. Like, I know to tell them to maybe send some, like, you've missed your payment emails and maybe telling me how much money I made and how much I've spent. But I'm spending  all. Like, if we look at... I've made $37,000 or $36,000 this month. I've spent, like, $1,000.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, with a VA, like, that's also, like, the next step for you in your business as well. Let's get into... The point where there's a lot of not moving parts, but there's a lot of transactions, you know, it's getting to a decent size and you need to collect data, especially for someone who's getting volume like you do, you need to collect data so you can see what, you know, points are causing hiccups. V, I would probably, there's two ways you can go about it. There's a guy I know who, same as Sage's DM Sitter, those guys. So they can also go find an operations manager for you. And I think it's like $15 an hour, which is a bit on the pricier side, but they do like fully vet them to make sure they've got previous experience. They like train them, they audit them, and you like, they basically source the right one for you. The other one, and what I personally use when I have been looking for them, and I've got one now that I'm happy with, is Upwork, is where you find like those kind of outsources are the best.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah. I've used Upwork to try to get a video editor, and then they banned me because I offered The money on the actual chat. I said, could I pay you not on this? And then they banned my account. But I'll just get another account. fine. Yeah, I can do Upwork. There's another VA that I've been recommended through the business that I did head coach for. She's pretty good, but she's like 10 USD an hour, which is probably similar to the age one.
Kyle Musca: That's the $15 one. It's because they've got like, anyone from the Philippines, Ben, is like 5 to 7 USD now. Like, I pay mine 5 USD now. If they're going above that, it's because they've like got another, you know, there's an agency, for example, that's like getting the person, or that person's getting a kickback who's referred to, whatever the case may be. So it's like, it just depends on if you want to spend that extra amount.
Torin McGlynn: If you, I'll have a look at Upwork. I don't know, is it Upwork? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you just post a job proposal, say exactly what you want, fitness business, you know, you can do failed payments. I would also make sure that camp is sufficient as well. Like Bree's got a, her one's, you know, quite good at Canva. And she builds out a full presentation for her in like apparently an hour, like seven USD.
Torin McGlynn: I would easily get that. If they can do that kind of stuff for me, I'd be like. Yeah. I'm just going be talking about data is when I, because I get to a point where there's just so much  going on in my business, so much money coming in. There is some failed payments, which I'm following up with, but they're just  useless, the people. And it'd be nice to get that sorted now, so then it's not like a, you know, I'm an over $1 million business, and then I'm, then for some reason, I'm doing all the, all the stuff that you should have done ages ago.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And especially, you know, as you build it, you, failed payments is the biggest one, because like, if you have a lot of failed payments that are just leaking through the business, you're just like going to leave a lot of money on the table, especially when you've got overheads like coaches and  like that. So that's a big one. Dot it. Entry for, yeah, like, you how many leads you're getting, how many messages, many calls, et cetera, et cetera. So that stuff's all really, really important. And then also just, like, is when you get coaches on, like, doing invoices and stuff, so them actually counting all the active clients. I've got a list for you, and I've got, like, all the different tasks that they can do. And then if need be, your VA can also jump on a call with my VA, and, like, they'll show how to do, like, certain tasks and everything like that. But it's definitely, definitely, like, for the price of them, again, super cheap, it's definitely worth it. I would go into, when you do op work, it doesn't really do the best job description, it does it off AI. I would go into ChatGPT and say, like, I'm looking to get a VA. They need to be, you know, sufficient in data entry, sufficient in English and everything, good communication, have prior experience. This is for health and fitness business. You know, like, ideally sufficient in Canva Pro and everything like that to build presentation. The job's not, like, overly complicated. A lot of it's just brain-dead boring work, I'm not going to lie, but they just have to be competent and reliable.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, because that's another thing to get sorted, because I'm getting off calls, I don't even know my clothes right fully, and I don't know what my in and outs are with expenses. I do know what's Stripe, obviously, what's coming in, but every expense would be good just to refine, and then when I do start ads, if I need to start ads, have all that  in there as well.
Kyle Musca: Well, reckon, again, you don't really need to do ads, because I reckon what would work best for you is just, like, even if we ran an ad, just a lead making an ad, but we don't really need to do that, you get plenty of leads anyway. What I, in Stripe as well, by the way, for the failed payments, do you have it set up so it, like, continues to retry payments, and even if it does fail, it doesn't shut the subscription down?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I have it, so it's eight fails in two weeks. And then it stops.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's the failed payment side of things, but there's a setting where it basically says, if it fails that many times, then it will shut the subscription down, which is like a big  red flag, because then you can just continue coaching them without even realizing. And then there's another one where it just says, like, if that one fails, then the subscription keeps going, so it's like next week, and we're just trying to recharge them on a new one.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, because right now it's like every day, I think it recharges them, and I don't know if it stops the subscription. We're not quite at that point yet. know there's three people that their payments have failed. They owe me about  three grand, though. It's in, like, revenue recovery, isn't it, or something? Retries.
Kyle Musca: It's in that similar area of retries. Let me pull it up. I was, like, looking at this the other day, because I had, like, two or three people where they've been coaching for, like, a few months, and then their payments have failed months ago. So it was a big, I was playing my conscious, but they weren't like doing it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, told me about some emails that his VA sends that's like, you know, you were going to put a mark on your credit card or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I gave them to Sage. I've got all that as well. But basically, it's like a three-email follow-up sequence, basically saying, yeah, depending on where they're at, if they're still in their contract link, it's like, we'll raise it to debt collectors and you'll have a 20% additional fee plus a credit mark may go on your credit history, etc.
Torin McGlynn: So this is where we are. If all retries or payment fail, mark us unpaid.
Kyle Musca: Yes, it says cancel subscription, which means that if all retries fail, the payment just stops and we're going to try and recharge the next invoice. So change that to mark. I wonder what the difference is between those two.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: It sounds like the  exact same thing.
Torin McGlynn: Leave the subscription overdue. And improve one.
Kyle Musca: I think, yeah. Oh, no, it would be overdue as in, like, it's still needing to be paid out, whereas unpaid just means, like, it just wasn't paid.
Torin McGlynn: Can I, like, change this to, okay, so within two months, I don't know why. Okay, that's fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's the setting I was talking about, because that got me as well.
Torin McGlynn: And I was like, what the ?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Description.
Torin McGlynn: No, that's fine. Send emails from card payments fail, probably. Yeah, that's definitely. You have that on?
Kyle Musca: Let me go into, let me pull it up.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, you can actually, like, create a full-on. Stripe has all these, like, hidden things that, like, aren't, I don't know if, like, there's a lesson somewhere, but, like, I've just learned all these things. It's by clicking around. It's Didn't seem obvious at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I know. There's a lot of stuff in the back end.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I do have the email. Yeah, it says you can create your own, but sure, look, we'll do the Stripe hosted page for now. It's fine. Kind of looks professional. Yeah, that stuff's good to have. Yeah, the, so you reckon when you have, when you onboard a new coach, are you, like the SLPs, are pretty much just saying, hey, do you have like a video of you showing how you onboard a client?
Kyle Musca: I would just create that. I think I do. Yeah. Remember to my last coach, let me have a look in the notion. Basically, anytime you make a new hire, like, just as a rule of thumb, I would just, every time you show them something, I would just  record it.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah. Because I got some, like, templates ready for the new coach, and I got, obviously, they can watch. Watch my kickoff calls and my Loom videos and  like that because I have them recorded too. Tons of Fathom ones as well because I created this Notion. It's nice.
Kyle Musca: I'm really liking this. Yeah, Notion is a really good tool to have. Yeah. Especially for admin work. I don't like admin work at all, but I certainly would not be doing admin work if it wasn't for Notion.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it's good. I'd like the daily to-dos, stuff like that too.
Kyle Musca: How many story views do you get, man?
Torin McGlynn: I get 30k.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so...
Torin McGlynn: On a good story. They get a few likes, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I think, right, if we could... Because the story is a really good way to sell. Like, sometimes it's good to have hard CTAs, but then like, again, if you had like even a $19 cookbook or something like that, you know what mean? And just said like, you know, flash out for the next 24 hours and I'm giving my cookbook away for $19. Dollars or something like that. And you have  100 people buy that.
Torin McGlynn: Like, you're laughing. Yeah. It's like ad spend and , but it's also just some bucket money.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you wouldn't even have to run ad spend on it. You know what mean? Like, it would just be...
Torin McGlynn: I mean, to cover ad spend in the future, perhaps.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. So that's a break-even funnel. That's where you'd kind of be like, I've just put together, you know, here's my recipe book. Um, again, it has over 100 recipes. Usually it's 99.
Torin McGlynn: I'm giving away for just $27. Yeah. How do we, like, I asked Lucky about it, but just like, it feels like, again, we don't have time to, like, actually make a recipe book right now.
Kyle Musca: I have, like, some white label ones, but I don't think they're good enough to sell. Yeah. So this is tricky, um, in terms of the recipe side of things. Um, one is, how many recipes have you actually done now? Because, like, if you, I mean, this is where, like, again, a VA would really come in handy. Because you could literally go through all my, like, videos and get the high-protein version that I've done and then, like, you know, map them all out because then that's what you can send a lucky and he can put something like that together.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I probably have over 100, I'd say, of recipes I've tried on my Instagram and ones that I've made myself as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I wouldn't do that yourself.
Torin McGlynn: That's just way too toned. Yeah, there's a lot of recipes here. Like, if I just, like, made them slightly different but then just copied everyone's. But it's just the pictures. Like, how do I get the picture?
Kyle Musca: I just screenshot my video or something. You could, or you, again, you could even, like, screenshot it and then tell them to upload into AI and say, like, make an image based off this.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, pretty easy then. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that should be fun.
Torin McGlynn: 100, I call it the viral cookbook. I feel like that would go well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've tried over, um, yeah. know, 500 viral recipes.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I've comprised, you know, a cookbook, a low-calorie, high-protein cookbook version of each and every one.
Torin McGlynn: And.
Kyle Musca: Just $19.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Cheap as. And then, imagine 1,000 people buy it.
Kyle Musca: It's just like 20 grand. Yeah. Literally. Again, with that, though, we definitely need like an emailing list set up.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, for sure. Well, there's an email list I have, but it's small. It's like 3K.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, think. Do you have go help?
Torin McGlynn: We do that. I have, but my phone number just doesn't want to. It's actually really annoying. They've charged me twice now for that  97 USD and I haven't used it. It's really annoying, but it's all right. They're pretty crazy on their marketing. They text me like every day to get things set up. And I can't because they can text me for some reason on there, like whoever the salespeople are, but then when I... ... I was just saying it there, and then now I need my Dubai tax number, so, which I don't know what it is.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah, you might even want to get help with them or something. Again, this is the biggest problem with what you're running into now is because you're, like, you're so flat out with, you know, all the business operations and stuff at the moment that you can't, like, just step back and actually get these things sorted.
Torin McGlynn: No, this is the biggest thing of my business right now is that I need to hire people, but then it's, like, I've got no time to even do that. So it just needs to happen immediately.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, theoretically, like, what you could even do is just publicly say, like, if you really need to just take a step back and, like, because can you take on any more clients yourself and fulfill them?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, God, I've got six sales calls today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, you might even want to just publicly state, like, currently not take. If want any more clients, join the waitlist here. And then have a job form where it's just a waitlist.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, true. And does that, do I get like the, do I just tell Kamei to stop for a bit, for a week or something?
Kyle Musca: I mean, if you wanted to, I'm just saving the overhead.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm paying her a day a week now. It's working so well that I wouldn't want to ease up on it. Like I want to keep pushing forward.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, again, I think just, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I can take on 10 more clients. I know I can. Like, I'm paying Kamei $1,000 a week now, which is fine. I'm still making way more money than that. So, like, that's my only expense. So, to be fair, yeah, I don't think I need to do that yet, but I can take on 10 more clients. I'm not taking them for 2K, only 3K clients. Which? I'll probably get more no's than usual. Like, my close rate will probably be, instead of, like, 70%, probably, like, 50.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is, like, Clemet is great, and if it's working, then it's working, and I wouldn't touch it. But, again, if you're having someone in there that often, it might even be worth going down the route of going with someone like Sage, as DM said, at that company, where it's just, like, 15 Australian dollars an hour flat rate, but there's no commissions or anything like that.
Torin McGlynn: I was thinking this already, because I've gotten into some with Clemet's messages, and, like, I think if I was to do it, I would have got them on a call, which I don't think is a good thing, because, you know, DM said it should be better than you in that setting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, that's the perk about that company, is that it's, like, instead of, you know, having these different people in your account, you get to actually vet the DM setter. And you get to talk to them, and, like, they'll give you, like, multiple. People for you to interview and stuff. And you go with the person that you like the most. And then it's like, she's just, that person's just in your account. You know what mean? Like, and they get to understand your tonality, anything you teach and train them, they get to understand for themselves. So it's not like they're going, there's no mixing tone of jumping between different accounts and all that stuff.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I wonder if I can have like a weekly call with them.
Kyle Musca: You can definitely, they're yours at that point. Like you can do whatever you want. And then that, the company is also meant to like vet them and make sure their performance and everything is like, you know, staying up to par.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Okay. Maybe I'll go with that. Um, right now, obviously I'll keep time in there until I interview them. Um, but yeah, the number one thing is obviously just hiring. I'm okay. I'm literally fine with doing the sales calls. Um, and I'm, I'm actually fine with getting more no's too. Um, because everyone I signed is 3k, you know, everyone, everyone this week. That's why it's such a big week. It's just like, if you don't want to pay 3k, then I'm okay with saying no. Um, What, what, what coaching, what coaching. What system do you use? One fit.
Kyle Musca: Is that good?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Really like it. Actually, I wanted to ask you something. So with your road mapping, I did something on my app, which I think it saves me having another form or another road mapping thing that you gave me. So I've started this, and I want to ask your opinion on it. So a new client would be, let's say, Tara. So I'll share my screen now. Does she have it? Yes, she does. Tara. Here. So instead of doing the road mapping on your thing, I've created this, which is like an overview of each phase, and it tells me what week they're in, and it gives me their average stuff, and then I've chatted to you with a nice little description on each one of them, like this phase says the gramwork, it's till November, it's just an introduction, and then I've gone down the phases where it's like, okay, we're going to go fat loss, advanced detailing, build while lean. Here we go. Do think this is a good alternative, or do you think I should use both?
Kyle Musca: Can they see this?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Like, every single checking call, I go, like, this is the overview. So I'm like, okay, so we're in this phase, and then they get to see it. Because I'm only doing weekly calls with everyone now, they see it every week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. As long as they can, again, the main goal of it is so they understand that there's more to come. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Since I've started, they're already asking about the next phases, too. So it's like...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you've always got to just, like, make sure that you're always talking, like, weeks and months in advance. You know what mean? Like, sure, we're in phase two right now, and then, you know, we're going to go into the advanced detail. What we're actually going to do after that, though, is we're going to focus on, like, a little bit of a body recall. We're actually going to reverse diet out. And that's why it's really, really important for us to take this, you know, part seriously, et cetera, et cetera, whatever you  say. And then we're going to go into a, not a full-on bulk. It's not like we're trying to, like, , you know, get absolutely jacked. But we are going to go into, like, a little bit more of a muscle-building phase. Again, really important for us to be cautious about that approach because it's very easy to spill over and start adding a bunch of fatty tissue and undo all the work we've done through this period, right? Yeah. So you're like, you just need to really emphasize that that is coming.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, you're like inserting fear of them doing it themselves.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And like they need to like, they need to, well, they should be hooked into the process, right? They should be hooked into the process, like the different phases and cutting, bulking, reverse diets, all that stuff. Because they should be enjoying it. That's the kind of client you want. So if it's not broken, they're happy with everything, man. Like they're not going to, there's going to be no reason for them to stop. And I think especially while you're, you know, where your business is at, man, like where you're still, you know, front and center, you're holding the reins of everything. You're conversating with every single client. Man, use that to your advantage because like that is so powerful in terms of one, during this period, know, I would really try and get as. Many, like, testimonial videos as possible as well. That's super, super important because when you can have, like, web pages and social proof is always so important, but the best form of social proof is if you can have video testimonials of, like, , if you have, like, 20 or 30 video testimonials of just saying, like, how great your coaching service is, like, that is so, so  powerful.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then when we run lead magnets and stuff like that, and, like, maybe we will send them to a web page or something like that. And then if you can just flood it with these, so, this amount of social proof, they're going to have all , you know, and then you get, like, all these different transformations as well. And then, again, super, super important. So I would definitely use that to your advantage while you're talking to every single one directly and just be like, hey, do you mind, like, you know, giving me a bit of a video testimony of your experience? Now, there's two, there's different ways you can go about that. One is you can just say, like, do you mind giving me a video testimonial? If they're, like, you know, decent enough on camera, they can just, like, film it for you. Women, you you're... Demographic may not be too keen for that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, they all say it. That's the only thing. Every one of these new clients are like, because I have a part of my forum that's like, oh, can I use your media in my social media? And they're like, can you just not use this? And I'm like, okay, it's annoying.
Kyle Musca: I would just take that out, to be honest. wouldn't ask that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, you've got to ask them first, though, right?
Kyle Musca: They will see it. Yeah, I mean, like, it depends where you're putting it. I don't know. So I'm just like, I'm checking it out.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, really?
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Torin McGlynn: I just don't want someone like Susan to be like, that's 58 years old,  annoyed at me, you know?
Kyle Musca: I mean, if they'd made good progress and stuff and, like, you know, you're not putting their face and  in it and everything like that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: I have heaps of testimonials.
Torin McGlynn: I have heaps of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it does depend. Like, you know, you don't want be  everyone off. I've never had someone come back to me and say, like, what the ? Why do you post that? But that's one thing. You The other thing is referrals, man. Again, you're not really needing new clients at all. But referrals are going to be really, really powerful. Again, especially if you're talking to every single client. Referrals are even stronger than warm leads, man. If you can get a referral on the phone, the odds of them closing is pretty much guaranteed.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, got, that's one of the closes, one of the 4.5k closes during the week was a couple. And they were referred. And I thought I was only closing one of them. I was on the phone to both of them. was really weird because like every question I'd asked, they both gave an answer. And then I was like, look, I'm to make you the same meal plans. I'll give you one of you guys for half price. like 3k and 1.5. Because they were like, we want the exact same everything, really. So I was like, I'll do it for 4.5. Thinking that they push back and they're like, no problem.
Kyle Musca: And I was like, why the  did I even give a discount? Yeah. So yeah. And then you do, even that's like a good indicator. Like that stuff, pick up on a minute. Like, wow, maybe. I can get couples on board and offer them a deal.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, maybe. Like, they were easily closed. So easily closed. Oh, my God. It was, like, no issue whatsoever. Like, he almost said yes before I even finished my sentence.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, the good thing about that is they kind of like, I'm going to go ask my partner.
Torin McGlynn: I actually had a call where my objection handle was, is your husband home? And she said, yeah. And I was like, why don't you ask him right now? And she did.
Kyle Musca: And she paid. Yeah. I mean, honestly, that is a good way to go about that objection. And you can be like, is your husband around?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool. Why don't you go get him to jump on the call? We'll have a chat with him. Yeah, it was a bit awkward when he got on the call because he was very angry at this, like, you know, 25-year-old with his wife on a phone call. And I was like, I gave him a little description. And I was like, I think this is a really good opportunity for her to, like, take the trial to her health, whatever. And then she was like, yeah. He was like, yeah, do it. And just walked off.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't care. Like, I'd be like, what the  are going me on the phone?
Torin McGlynn: You don't have to ask me to make this decision. Because normally that's just. It's like a, you know, just that go-to safety question or objection.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's a good, honestly, it's a good way to go about it if you've got the ball to throw it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, I ask it like really sternly. Some guy asked me his girlfriend, and I was like, when are asking her right now? And he was like, she's not home. And I knew she was home.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I saw her walk past before.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, think, I think that's, we obviously know what the problems are in the business. Like, it's an extremely exciting time because I genuinely feel like even right now, I could be doing more money if I had a coach because I could have downsold some of these people. Yeah, 100K just seems extremely, extremely doable.
Kyle Musca: Like, I think definitely, and I think, again, there's so many, like, avenues that we haven't even tapped into, man, just by not having the coach. Like, I think if we can get that stronger. Like an email nurturing sort of thing. And you can have  sign-ups just like in your sleep essentially. Or book calls at the very least. I would go with book calls. It would be really, really interesting to see how you go off that. Okay. Because, again, that would be very easy to filter through, however, what calls what.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah. Okay. Because the biggest thing is like when I imagine my business and what I ideally would want is like obviously me stepping back from coaching, having like two, three coaches, having a low-ticket offer in terms of maybe like a training plan or a nutrition plan or a cookbook, maybe both. And then just that kind of printing a little bit each and every day because I post a viral recipe every single day that gets 100,000 views. Like surely one or two will buy it. Because then it gives me more incentive to make content and then it's kind of automated as well. And that's kind of where the point where I think the scaling can like really happen, you know?
Kyle Musca: It depends on how past. Passive your load ticket is, man. If it's like a decent amount of work, that's like, I might as well just go high ticket. If you can set it up so it's literally 100% passive, man, we can use that as well. Because you can use like  a seven-day free challenge, right? To get people into the system, playing around with the product, getting them to actually show once they've got that structure, they can actually lose weight based off your plans. And then you do an accountability call again, which is a tripwire call straight into a sale. Same goes, you can do a, like what I want to do in the new year, it's like a, a dollar a day product where it's like $27 for the month. So it's actually less than a dollar. Whereas a four-week training program where they get all the meal plans and like  training, training programs and app access, app access and everything. But on week one, there's accountability call, which is just going to go straight into an upsell. And if you can get that going, because all you need from them is like, literally, if you ran ads on that, all you would need is a cost per sign up less than, at or less than $27, you'd break in. Even you wouldn't have a single marketing expense at that point.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's a, so all this stuff is so possible. Like I get such still 20 million views a month, which is just . And it's gone down a little bit, like a little bit. was 24 million at one point.
Kyle Musca: But this is honestly, like if there was one piece of advice I'd give with where you're at is you need to start building an emailing list because then it does not matter what happens with the algorithm. Or anything like that. like you've, and, and it doesn't happen with anything that happens with the algorithms. And you've got a direct line of contact to your audience. You know what mean? There's no, you don't rely on algorithm changes, anything like that. And copy, sorry, email marketing is meant to have the best return on investment out of all types of marketing because it's like pretty cost-effective to do. I think on average, I'm pretty sure it's on average, for every dollar you put into email advertising, you get about. $42 back.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I also think it's a very untapped industry in terms of like most people don't do it. You know what mean? The big names do. But most people don't like in terms of the  Jimmy, the personal trainer down the road is not going to be sending out emails every single week.
Torin McGlynn: No, no chance. Yeah. But the emails, how do you think I should incorporate that? Do you think like when I say comment sauce for this new high, like higher protein, lower calorie sauce, they actually need to put their email in to even get the recipe. And then it's just like the landing page of the submit is the recipe. And then it's like, oh, I'll also include my email list, which includes 13 recipes and fat loss guide, whatever it is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So there's two ways you could just tip. Technically, we could already run this through mini chat. We wouldn't even need a landing page, but you could run it as like, yeah, here's the recipe. Oh, by the way. Um, just for supporting my content, I'd love to send you through my, you know, 30 recipe book, uh, ebook. What's the best email to send that to?
Torin McGlynn: Okay. And do you mention that there's going to be an email list behind it? Like, cause right now my email list, I have a 30 day sequence brought up every single email is wrote. Um, but it's all about fat loss and teaching them about gut health. There's, I think there's even a menopause one. It's, it's, it's very just fitness oriented, has a cookbook and has a few recipes.
Kyle Musca: Isn't it? Yeah. That's absolutely fine. Cause your, your goal is, your goal is, uh, to eventually convert them from, you know, this guy just does recipes to, Oh, this guy is actually a weight loss coach.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I think I could easily add some little nuggets of viral recipes in there right now. There's none because I made it before I made viral recipes just so they're, you know, keen for it. Cause everyone asks for it. And then I get lots of emails back being like, where's the recipes? Cause it's just a fat loss guide.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's like, Yeah, you could easily just go at it in there. This is, again, where a VA would be really important because what you could do is, I mean, you could even say, like, do you want to go on my emailing list? Every time I do a new viral recipe, I'll send out my low-calorie, high-protein version straight to your email.
Torin McGlynn: And then all I need to do is the many shout-out sequence that I put in, just put it in an email.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Literally, it's like a 10-second extra. Okay, so run me through. I get a VA onto my, you know, Upwork, whatever it is. What do I even give them access to? Do I give them access to my Stripe?
Kyle Musca: Do I give them my password? Not my password. No, just have to know, it's like a, I'll have to look at what mine is, but there's heaps of different roles in Stripe. You just give them, like, support association or something like that. Okay. So it would just be support, it would be notion. You might want to create, especially for failed payments and stuff, off a shared email. I'll Your shared email. Because again, you don't want to, you want to disassociate yourself with payments as much as possible. So for me, when someone's payment failed, it's Tori who's messaging saying, hey, you don't  pay.
Torin McGlynn: You got the deck collectors. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I do like, I don't Sarah at TorinRedPath.com. I have all that set up. I have all the, you know, Gmail, professional, whatever it is.
Kyle Musca: You just need to create a shared email so you can both access it.
Torin McGlynn: So can I say, if I message my VA, can I like say to her, I'm sorry I can, can you, like, I just closed a deal on Sarah, can you put her in my to-do list and create a profile for her on my OneFit app? Absolutely, yeah. Oh, that would be so amazing.
Kyle Musca: That would be so good. Basically, any tedious work that you don't like doing, you just give it to the VA.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, yeah, I'm like, even if I got a sage one, what would I do, like two hours a day or something?
Kyle Musca: It depends on how many tasks you need. The operations manager through SAGE, I mean, like, you can always chat to them and suss out, you know, if it's worth it or not. I think you'd definitely be able to find a good one of Upwork with previous experience.
Torin McGlynn: And you just put that in the job description, like, you need previous experience in operation management. A lot of them would have it. All right. Let me do that, like,  right now. And then hire this coach, go through all these applicants. I'll tell you how many there is. And then, like, books, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The coach is definitely also super important. And then once you get the operations, like, again, this is why Notion's so great, because I have, you know, operations manager tab, and it basically just does all the weekly tasks, all the monthly tasks, four monthly tasks, failed payment reminders. So this is the failed payment scripts and stuff. I'll send 3D for her.
Torin McGlynn: So, wow. Yeah. And you'd like send me all of that. Is that, what is the, what is is the, what is the, what is active clients of, to date every Wednesday. Oh, so can you help me with all that stuff?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would literally just send you all this stuff. And it's got, like, all the documents attached and stuff. So I just create templates and stuff.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, this is going to be a game changer. Like, the level of, like, I wake up and I know I've got, like, this , like, it's not a chill day. I've got this mountain of work to do. I've never been to a point where it's, like, I'll go for a walk now, brush my teeth, whatever it is, and then I've got to do, like, probably the average normal person's, like, week of work today. If not, more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, a good thing has been, like, you're just, you're making a lot of money. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I'm making, it's actually, like, unbelievable how much money I'm making. Like, to be honest, to actually just speak real to you, going from, like, 10,000, 20,000 months to, like, doing that in, like, 10 days is just , like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, absolutely. It's  insane. And again, it does come down to your hard work as well, where I'm just, like, not , you know, just given. And a lot of people. But then have the work ethic to actually put in those hours and that time to learn all the components and the sales side of things as well. So I'm proud of your efforts, man. We'll keep pushing as well because there's a lot left in the tank and a lot left we can do.
Torin McGlynn: There's heaps. Next VA, hire a coach, give them loads of work. My friend literally said to me, he's coming back on Monday, and he said, I'm willing to quit my job. So he's never done, he's coached like one person before, got him good results. He's hyper smart. I'll give him the rundown, see if he's up for it. And I'll also just interview all these. I'm going to Bali next week with Sage.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's a fair few people going there. Honestly, it can play up to you with your mate and everything. If there's some good applicants in the job form, I would probably avoid it just because you don't want to tangle those wires.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, I'll interview them. If I don't get that, like, sense of it, then...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I also find with friends as well, they like, you know, they start to, they lose the lines of where, you know, the friendship starts and the business starts in terms of like, they'll get a couple months in and they'll like want more and then they'll want more and more and more. And then like, they'll start to see themselves as like a bit of a partner instead of that hierarchy of like boss and employee.
Torin McGlynn: That's it. That's it. don't like, to be honest, like, I know that Hapagahi is, um, well, we'll see if I just, if all these, if I get on the call and they're all weird or something, um, or like awkward or some  or just  at coaching, I will not hire them. But if not, I'll hire him because it's a good option to have. I've told him about it. He's extremely keen. I even told him about the 17-15. It was like, that's fine for now. I said, you'll, I said, you'll be on a trial period. That's what I say for everyone. Like, you're going to be on a trial period for first two months. Then we'll see how it goes. I don't, like, I think I could even be in the position of hiring two.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would do.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course, of course. Yeah, don't want get ahead of myself. But yeah, man, I think everything's working really well. I think your payment should be in like two days for this month. This month has been  compared to last month. Jesus.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Yeah, I still need to switch all this stuff up to my UAE bank account, but that's fine.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah. It feels like you're a millionaire. Like, honestly, because it's for, it's double the, it's more than double your thing.
Kyle Musca: So I like look at my account, like, Jesus, that looks like loads of cash. Yeah, no, I'm like, I've been like sick and flat out, man. I haven't even had a chance to look at anything. So that's it. Yeah, I'll it sorted. Yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Cool, man.
Kyle Musca: That's another thing. How are you, how are you finding everything, man?
Torin McGlynn: Like you're enjoying everything? Am I enjoying everything? Yeah. I'm on my life in terms of I just work all the time.
Kyle Musca: I love it.
Torin McGlynn: But like, you know, my friends want to see me like a relationship that's like, you're just in your room all the time. I'm like, yeah, I'm hungry for this. I'm trying to, that does affect it, but like at the same time, like it's kind of, you know, needed to, and then now I have to sort out, I've got a, I've got a conversation with a tax advisor for Dubai, Australia, because I just want clear answers. No one has clear answers for what I can do. I'm like, can I pay myself? Can I, do I have to go there for six months? Like, I want clear answers.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, fair minute. Give me a fair minute on that as well.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I will. I'll tell you everything. Me and Sage are actually getting on a call together on one of these guys. It's like a grand. An hour for the call on this guy is a grand.
Kyle Musca: Holy . One hour.
Torin McGlynn: He's like some lawyer  guy. He's in like Sydney or something. So I just said, can me and Sage get on the call together because we're on like identical questions and he was, he hasn't actually responded.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Cool, man. Awesome, bro. The only other thing I wanted to ask is when you've got some time, would you mind? Doing a bit of like a video testimonial of how you've, I guess, found working with me.
Torin McGlynn: 100%. I'll do whatever you like, man. Even if you want, even this call right now, there's like a point where I'm like, I'm amazed about my money and everything. There's probably heaps of stuff you can actually just screen record from this call. But yeah, I can definitely do that, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, awesome. That'd be awesome. Have I sent you the testimonial template before?
Torin McGlynn: No, never.
Kyle Musca: I'll send you this anyway, because it's literally the exact same. Yeah, I'll this to, I'll send two. So one's the testimonial template, which is just obviously for actual clients. And then the other one is just the business one. So like for this, essentially. How is the business side of things going for you, like business coaching? Got it. Got a few people standing? Yeah, good, man. I'm not really taking on anyone else for the rest of the year. I'm kind of in the same boat, I'm just like  flat out all the time. But yeah, good man.
Torin McGlynn: I've been telling everyone that like you're the man, but they're just too poor, like to be honest. Some guy, I don't know his name, his name Aaron Humphreys or some Humphreys guy.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: He texts me, is your client?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, he texts me like saying like it's crazy your work and like I've been looking at your following and stuff. And I was like, are you one of Kyle's guys? He was like, yeah, we had a nice conversation. But yeah, I'm happy to do the testimonial. You're, we can even do a call if you want. Like I'm very easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we can see how you go with that. We can jump on a call and just ask some loaded questions.
Torin McGlynn: I'm easy, man.
Kyle Musca: I'll give you the best. what been doing with my clients, by the way. With my fitness clients, I'll just get on and be like, man, like what's kind of changed since when you start, when you're at, like where you're at now? And then like trying to get them to like say it on the call so I can record it.
Torin McGlynn: So that might be a good way for you to go about. Your actual clients as well. Yeah. I don't know if you've seen my Instagram. There's one guy that says, I've been moving six online coaches before, and you're by far the best. And I was like, what? Can I record that? Did you say it again? I literally said that on a check-in call. And then it's on my Instagram now. One more thing. Definitely send me the VA stuff. That's just the most essential thing here. I'm going to try to get one of those.
Kyle Musca: the VA. Oh, yeah, yeah, I got you. What else?
Torin McGlynn: Because there's heaps of stuff in there that I can take advantage of. I think that'll free up a few hours for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, when you get it, we'll probably have to re-center it. But that should be sweet. I'll just send you the whole motion tab.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I'll do one right now.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, bro. Yeah. We just need to get a coach hired, and then it's straight on to the next thing. And that's, yeah. Once you kind of get that coach on, you're really opening up the gates to what's possible. Yeah. Easy work. All right. I appreciate you, man. Thank you. you. Enjoy your weekend, I'll chat to you soon. too, chat soon. Bye.


>>> 10/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-14T05:54:31Z | id:101642056
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Yeah. Cool, man.
Sage Damsma: How have been? Yeah, good. Just on the way, really. It's been busy.
Kyle Musca: It's been good. Yeah, that's very nice. The Black Friday sales seem to go well for you.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. I think we just ticked over 11 for the week so far. Closing? No, K at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, cool. So a lot of reoccurring coming through. I had two 1,500 piffs as well.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Sage Damsma: One 1,500 well. A couple of re-signs were included in the closers. But yeah, think was like 10 out of 13 closed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Sage Damsma: So far?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. All right, that's a solid  weekend.
Sage Damsma: A lot of them just coming from the organic Black Friday. Yeah, referrals and just like through my stories and .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I got another call tomorrow. I know he's got money. He's at my old work and he's  high up. So I'm going to try to get him on a pip. Six months, he's got a lot of weight to lose. So I reckon he'll be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, sick. Okay, cool, man. I'm just trying to open up the  sheet here.
Sage Damsma: Those ads are being edited. So I just did the scripts. And then I'm going to do some more ones that you said, like some unscripted ones, some different styles when I'm in Bali, just to change up the screen and the lighting and everything.
Kyle Musca: back. Yeah, yeah. Okay, sick, bro. When do you head off for that again?
Sage Damsma: Tuesday.
Kyle Musca: Oh, nice. Okay. Yeah, so just to, I've told you about the Andromeda update, hey?
Sage Damsma: The AI.
Kyle Musca: The meta?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, so I think just pumping content, even just like repurposing your actual content in your film and just adding add CTAs to them in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And just having like two different versions because we just need that volume going right now.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it's crazy.
Kyle Musca: And it's like, yeah, cool. So 13 calls booked, man. Do you know that, oh, sorry, 18 booked over the week. Do you know the splits of like what came in from ads, what came in from the Black Friday referrals and everything?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, let me get it up. One sec, I've got to make this full screen so I can see it all. All right, so. Black Friday was. I One, one close, one close was directly from an ad. Sorry, make that two. Two directly from an ad, the rest of the organic.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Sage Damsma: So, I was going to say the ads. Did I say one from an ad? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you said two.
Sage Damsma: Two, sorry, two, two. So, one of the ads I put on the Black Friday thing, because she came through the ad, saw it on my story. And the other one was just a normal close through the ad.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Sage Damsma: Organically, on Black Friday, there's one... ... ... ... One, two, three, I think four organics on Black Friday.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's six. Is that just a close or is that close taken?
Sage Damsma: Close.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, okay. Okay.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So 60% was from Black Friday. Have you been, like, reading through the conversations with, like, with, you know, ad conversations and everything like that, just to see if there's anything off about them?
Sage Damsma: As in, like, with the setter?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, with the setter, I guess, with the quality of leads, with the quantity of them as well.
Sage Damsma: To be fair, I feel like this week, a lot of the girls that came through had better jobs, but there was less leads, if that makes sense. Because I think, I don't know if you've adjusted ad spend, but I noticed the guy that does my numbers said the ad spend's like been decreasing since like last month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Like, no, it's not much, but it's like a couple hundred bucks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just because I'm like filtering through what's, what's not, because I think that's fantastic.
Sage Damsma: It's, I don't, it's a bit weird, bro, because sometimes, like I said, it's always been quiet Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, like very minimal length. It's sometimes one good lead, but now it's been like Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and then like Thursday, Friday, Saturday is like a bit slower, but it's like completely flipped.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, yeah. It's just, just the way that this algorithm was  going about, it's annoying, not gonna lie.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. But conversations seem all right, to be honest. People are giving me decent, it's not just like yes, no, they're giving me responses. There's pretty much an open, straight open book off the rip, which is nice because then you can just dig into them a bit rather than trying to work around their  bland response. But as far as volume, maybe like a little bit less, but it seems pretty steady. I mean, we still got the 18 books for the week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, your Cosper, except for that one, that's  very average, actually. No, that's not really there, right? Your Cosper results are pretty solid across the board.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then it's the Cosper lead that's crept up a little bit, which is why I said to refresh your settings.
Sage Damsma: I don't know if I was pulling that data through properly. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we'll see how it goes there. Yeah, okay, beautiful. And then I properly launched that Black Friday post this morning.
Sage Damsma: Thank you. Thank Oh, cool. I've to add to ManyChat the, what was it? BF? I think it was BF.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, we should probably do that now.
Sage Damsma: Yep. I'm just having a look now.
Kyle Musca: Flow qualifier.
Sage Damsma: Should I just add it to the normal flow qualifier that we do?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Wait, did you? Oh, that's probably definitely  why. Oh, . When did we do that? A day ago. This one. Okay, that would explain it over the last day or so. That was not  good. All your trigger words were turned off.
Sage Damsma: Oh, the change and empowered ones are disabled.
Kyle Musca: save. No, no, that was like the ones before that, and then when we duplicate it, it swapped around, so those were the only two that were on, and everything else was off.
Sage Damsma: Right, so do you want me to add this keyword to the one that has old, exclamation mark, direct ads, Instaflow?
Kyle Musca: No, they're using, I'm adding it at the moment.
Sage Damsma: Oh, cool, you got it, sweet, I'll get out of it. Get the  off, Sage.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, so that's added now, and then, let have a look at your statistics. What are we looking at here? Oh, . That's not good.
Sage Damsma: The comments.
Kyle Musca: How many, oh, that's the only, like, , wigged out with the percentages, so it's like 0%. Are you, are you getting a lot of young, underage girls coming through?
Sage Damsma: I did notice. There's a few this week, but I wouldn't say anything out of the ordinary. Like, we always get a couple here and there.
Kyle Musca: What we could do is instead of changing, you know, a year younger or older than 21, you could change it to the job status.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Did I show you that?
Sage Damsma: I think you showed me yours for men.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: I'm pretty sure.
Kyle Musca: Do you want add that now or do you want to do that on your own later?
Sage Damsma: Oh, yeah, we can add it now if you want. I'm going to try anything.
Kyle Musca: I'm show my screens for the same page here. Yeah. Do-do-do-do.
Sage Damsma: Okay. Using this. Oh, so is this, so we've duplicated this.
Kyle Musca: This is the active one, is it?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. Righto, righto.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So essentially, what we'll is, what we'll do is, do we'll What we'll do We'll So this is, this should be really good. Do have a low ticket offer?
Sage Damsma: Um, I have one that's $93 a week. It's still like check-ins, but I have one that's $39 a week, and that's like a low ticket one.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What I reckon we do here is.
Sage Damsma: And that older than 21, is that going to be part-time?
Kyle Musca: Um, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, sorry.
Sage Damsma: There you go.
Kyle Musca: Just want to make sure this one's set up, because this is the main one. There then... then... The... Conversion API, get rid of this, which, you don't need the extent of request data, and conversion API, I'm going to get a tag, qualified. Cool, then we are going to go... Do you want to do part-time or do you want to do student? Like maybe part-time slash student?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, part-time slash student.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you  dope. So basically, what I would do here is working full-time is like obviously qualified. Do you get many girls that are working part-time and stuff that still close?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, some of the part-time girls, like their part-time job is still relatively good or they work two jobs. Some of my clients have been on for like nine months, 12 months and they work at a  cafe. I don't know how they afford it, but they budget pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. All right. Well, if that's the case.
Sage Damsma: But, like, in saying that most of the calls that have, like, that part-time role or, like, student, they rarely close or they're on the $93 a week one.
Kyle Musca: Well, it depends on what you want to do here because, like, working full-time is obviously just going straight into a call as usual. You can't do that for working part-time, treat them the same, but just not have that conversion API set to that one. Yeah, yeah. And then, yeah, part-time, you could either do straight to a call as normal or you could just try and sell by chat. But, like, if you do have a fair few clients that are working part-time, like, I wouldn't just keep...
Sage Damsma: Yeah, so I'd probably do that to start with, and then if you're noticing that you were getting a lot of these part-time ones, and they're just  , then just get rid of them. Yeah, it's so easy.
Kyle Musca: Job call fire, too. Cool. Let's say, you  dog, man, Jase. Cool. Beautiful. All right, let's see how that goes. That definitely would have skewed down a little bit. Yeah. Not having that on, but that's fine. Cool, man. Back in here. So the bench specter, new coach, looking at the third goal to come on board. Nice. How is the second coach going?
Sage Damsma: How many clients have you got? Harry's on, like, 50 at the moment, but he's obviously getting them pretty quick at the moment, so I'm just kind of prepared.
Kyle Musca: I I would, we haven't done your black e-op challenge scripts yet, have you?
Sage Damsma: Have we? No, I've got one. I think you've dropped one in that document so far.
Kyle Musca: How many more clients could Harry take?
Sage Damsma: He'd probably be capped at like, I'd probably say like 80.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I'd maybe look at getting, yeah, I wouldn't look at getting another coach this year. Just because, and it honestly just depends on where you want to go with your business, man. I would, honestly, what I would rather probably recommend you do definitely is get to Harry filled out, kind of almost cap it at that level, and then really start focusing on like more of a longer nurturing sequence. Building email lists, going through lead magnets and breaking into that. App Funnel a little bit more because if you just rely on direct marketing constantly, like year-round, to try and fill up three coaches, man, it's going to be like a  headache.
Sage Damsma: It's going to keep going and going and going.
Kyle Musca: I mean, like, because it's just not very reliable because, like, if you, if have an update like this with Meta where it, like, fully  around how the ads are structured and everything like that or, you know, it just goes through a  dry patch or whatever the case may be, man, like, you end up spending a lot. Um, and then you're constantly, like, personally stressed because you know that obviously this is their livelihood, the coach, and you can't fill them up, if that makes sense. So what I would probably suggest doing and getting completely up to you is getting to the point where you have two coaches filled out, but then you start really focusing on getting, uh, you know, the back end, not the back end, but like the, the giving  away type mindset. It's like, you know, I've got these cheat sheets, I've got this, you know, course on how to lose weight, X, Y, Z, and then building the emailing listing. Getting that to a point where it's nice and consistent.
Sage Damsma: You've got the proof of, okay, this is working now. I can then bring on a coach. Yeah. Yeah. And then rely more on organic marketing as well.
Kyle Musca: Yes and no. But, I mean, we can still run ads. Don't get me wrong. I definitely recommend continuing to do the ads. Yeah. But it would be more so like instead of doing like, you know, you  struggle with confidence and stuff. You know, that's what we do at Rival Coaching. Can we fix that? It's more so like, you know, I've helped over 100 women drop weight and these are the three biggest issues. I've just broken this down into a seven-minute masterclass designed to help you, you know, strip fat faster than you ever thought possible. Right? Download the link below and then get them onto the emailing list. You can still absolutely conversate on the back end of that. Don't get me wrong. And try and get like a direct straight-to-sale lead from that way. Let's go. And your cost per result and cost per lead and everything should go down quite dramatically from that. But we just want to make sure that the proof is there before bringing on another coach, if that makes sense.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Because then what ends up happening as well is like you can go through these periods where, you know, you're getting nice, consistent leads by doing lead maintenance and everything like that. You're never really selling on the front end. Do that for a couple of months. And then it's like maybe you do have an offer like this Black Friday sale where it's like I'm running this Black Friday sale. You push it hard on ads, you push it hard on the emailing list, you push it hard organically, and you get a big influx of clients then and there. So you've had steady for a couple of months and then it's like sale, like offer happens and then it's like, come on.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I guess if there is like that churn, like the boys can just get refilled pretty quick then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, don't get me wrong. Ideally, if we're doing the lead things, your business is still growing.
Sage Damsma: I'm like, that's where we want to get proof of, okay, this actually works.
Kyle Musca: And that may well and truly be. You're something like your seven-day challenge thing that we spoke about. That's a great sort of means of getting people through the door. We just want to make sure that it actually is effective and working. We've got that dialed in before, I would say, bringing on someone else where then you're like, holy , I've really got to go hard here.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because, like, how many clients is quiet?
Sage Damsma: he had many that drop off? The churn's pretty good. It's more just, like, the ones that drop off are the ones that do a week and then just pay out their contract but don't do , you know? Yeah. The people that are actively trying, they, like, usually re-sign.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, again, it's completely up to you, man, your business. But I would say, like, you're in a really strong point where it's, like, you've got the time that you can pivot a little bit and focus on more value and more of a, get a slower sales cycle but a more consistent one, if that makes sense.
Sage Damsma: let's It's more predictable as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then if you build it, the other thing about building the emailing list, which I really like, man, is the algorithms constantly  change. Like the ads, the organics, everything like that constantly changes. If you've got a strong emailing list, man, the algorithm can't change.
Sage Damsma: It's a direct line straight to them. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then you can run special offers on the back end there and you can, you know,  offer call bot, book call. Options and everything like that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I don't know what your thoughts are on that, but.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. I want to think about it, especially if I want to, if I want to like free up time or do something else on the side, it'd be better to do it that way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like again, ideally, like all your metrics should stay the same. You should still be getting the same calls and everything like that. Yeah. So the front end direct market type thing. Which is also, I think, would be good for brain credibility and everything like that, because then you become someone who, you know, is constantly giving away value.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. The go-to guy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And, like, if you do make a good actual educational video, yeah, maybe their friends will share that around, like, you never know, but. Cool. Earthscripts film is. One, two, three scripts. Beautiful. Those are the Black Friday ones?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, correct.
Kyle Musca: How did you feel filming?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it was pretty good. Yeah. It was just me and Jen. Paul never replied to me, so.
Kyle Musca: I think you went away, yeah. You might be ahead with Amber, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Oh, rightio. That makes sense. So, yeah, me and Jen just kind of did it around the house here, because I kept just waiting for a half-decent day. So, as soon as the sun came out, I was like, yo, let's go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Organic stories and Black Friday strategy referrals. Perfect. With your referral process, I know we spoke about this a little bit last weekend, at least last week, is it just conversating and like, do you have a mate that's keen to join type thing or?
Sage Damsma: I do like monthly challenges and like, there's always incentive that the winner, like referrals get more points towards winning, if that makes sense. And then, a lot of the times, like, people just come through, when I reshare a story, tag them, or they'll just tag a story themselves and tag me, then their mates will come through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, because, um, yeah, because what I was doing just before, man, is, um, like, on my check-in forms of, like, restructuring more, um, having, uh, I'm just going to do this for example. Beautiful. Beautiful. Having, like, right down the bottom before they submit the form is, like, you've got to send them this application. Oh, okay. And then, like, PS, if they join us, we get 250 bucks.
Sage Damsma: It's like every time they do a check-in, they're seeing it, like, right down Yeah, that's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: And then on the thank you page, it's basically the same thing. Couldn't change the back of that. Couldn't figure that out. But, yeah, just to make sure it's super front and center. But if I'm, like, with referrals, man, like, it's, you know, even if you've got a really great community, unless it's, like, a top-of-mind thing and you're, you know, constantly talking about it, it kind of does go.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I try to put it in a group chat at least, like, minimum every second week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, that's good. Like a form or just a message thing?
Sage Damsma: Just, like, messages, like, reminders and little giveaways and just, like, incentive, really, but usually just, like, a reminder unless it's a monthly giveaway. And then when I close people, I'd tell them on the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so do you have a three, like a follow-up with the closers at all, like closers?
Sage Damsma: As in, like, after they close? What do you mean by follow-up? Like, do I message them after?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so for example, what I've started doing is, like, once someone closes, I've got Tommy, my closer, to set up a three-week notification. So on week three, after they close, I'll reach out to the member, like, hey, how's it going? Like, hey, finding everything? The reason I've done it in three weeks is because that's when they should be at an emotional high. They should have lost some weight. They should be still really motivated, and they should see the quality that goes into the service. So it's, a really good time to either, one, get a testimonial from them or, you know, a referral or a program extension, those types of things.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, like, what you might want to do is, like, on the sales calls, be like, you know, obviously I want you to, you know, get into the program, and I want you to, like, see what we're We're about and start getting the results, but like, you know, we've got a really great community here, and you know, if you do see really great results and you really do enjoy it, in a couple of weeks, like, I'll probably ask you if you know anyone else that will join, if you're okay with that. Yeah. I mean, it's kind of already planting the seed very early on that it's going to come.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: Because, like, I was even speaking to a dude yesterday about it signed, and I was like, you know, who else do you know that would be keen? Which you should ask, don't get me wrong, on the first floor. Like, they don't know if it's actually good enough to be worth, you know, recommending to their friends just yet, if that makes sense.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, beautiful. Oh, look at those challenge ads, January, while they're utilising the villa. But, yeah, beautiful, and at the moment, any dice of pumping. In terms of ideas of how to keep pumping, I reckon that, what I mentioned before, the lead. Megan's, well, again, the seven-day challenge thing is a really good option. We just need to get through these offers before it makes sense for us to even launch it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. There's a lot going on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But I think that's, theoretically, the reasons those are so good, man, is because you get people into the, using the product. Like, you get them playing around with it, actually understanding how the system operates. And then psychologically, man, people are programmed to want to keep something that they already have, rather than gain something that they want, if that makes sense. So it kind of, like, doubles up there. And then you're also triggering, like, the rule of reciprocity where, like, because you've given them something of actual value and they got value out of it, they're going to feel like giving back to you in some way.
Sage Damsma: So it's, like, if they're already interested in coaching, then it's, like, it just makes sense for them to actually, like, take that next step. Go to that, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's, like, a strong proposition there. So I think we, I'm definitely keen to use that in the new year. Also see how, you know, it goes as well, because, like, we're talking from a paid marketing perspective. Like, one thing. I'm going to try it to that as like a $27 month-long program. So it's like a dollar a day is how I'm going to buy it. But it's like they can sign up. As long as I can get to sign up for at least $27, then I'm  green. I'm at least breaking even if not in the green. A little bit of a different funnel that way as well because you can also cut all the DM centers and stuff if you do it that way.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, and then just try that upsell once they're in as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I'm going to do is like I'm going to, you because I actually want to see you succeed, I'm going to throw in a free accountability call at the end of week one.
Sage Damsma: And that's just an upsell call. Yeah, that's good. I've got a mate who sells a dropshipping course who does that at $8 a week or something.
Kyle Musca: And then he upsells them after that. Yeah, and the really good thing about that, again, theoretically, is the show-up rate should be really high.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because like we've got a dickhead missus in accountability, like check it out. So, yeah. We'll be about gearing that to work properly. I think for you, I'd probably say just start with a free seven-day trial thing, and then we can loosen that or tighten the nozzle on it, play around with different strategies.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Could even like, you know, we'll see how that free trial goes. It goes really well. can even try seven days, $7 for seven days.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. No, I reckon it's a good idea because it works really well for him. And then he sells like 5K, 10K, 20K packages. Obviously, different in top of niche, but like just getting people in the door seems to work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's also really good for organic content as well because like I remember when I did my just like regular dollar-a-day programs, it didn't actually sell really, really well. Because all it was like at the end of every single workout or like video, I was just like, if you want access to, you know, my dollar-a-day program, it was just in my link back then, actually. This was ages ago. But even though, it did well.
Sage Damsma: , yeah. No, that's interesting. It's good. It's a different take, dude. It's really silly.
Kyle Musca: don't a lot of people doing it either. No, because everyone goes directly for the sale. You know what mean? But then, like, I think the other issue with the ads recently, like, I've noticed is everyone's just, like, in this phase of, like, thinking that for some reason ads is just the solution. So it's like, let's just go film a   video and throw some money at it on the ads. Yeah, it won't convert and they will drown themselves out. But, like, the annoying thing is that then adds, like, more money into the circulation. And the way ads work is it's a, like, an option. So, like, drives the cost per leads and everything up for everyone.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You have to bid to put your ad in front of someone.
Sage Damsma: Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: So, those fuckers.
Sage Damsma: idiots.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so  Get off meta, you dogs.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm doing it properly, you dickhead. it I'm properly, I'm dickhead. Yeah, pump content nerds. Again, I think, Ben, definitely add like lead magnets to your content, you know, whether it be cheat sheets, because you've already got that, you know, meal plan guide at the cheat sheet, eating out cheat sheet.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I'm actually funny you say that the post tonight is a reaction, reacting, and then I'm literally setting up now the many chat for the extra recipe or whatever it is, the low-calorie recipe, like what Torrin does.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, sick. Yeah, that works really well for him. It's not like, his audience is like obviously huge, not all of them.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, speak now, it's .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but like someone who does a good example of this, bro, is like, like Brian Mark, for example.
Sage Damsma: Hmm, he's got really good, um, free, like free . Look, like, I can get a lot of his  out.
Kyle Musca: Sometimes I don't read it, but I just get it to look back on if I need something. Yeah, that's the thing, you know, I mean, like the, I mean... A lot of it's not even, I mean, it's probably decent value for like a lot of coaches, but it's not like anything game-changing type thing.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, like the one that's like a hundred viral books, like a hundred video ideas, and they're just a doc with a bunch of links of copy and paste reels.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like something... It's going to be updating the app again. All it happens in two weeks, and if you're not 10, 10, your views are going to 10. Instagram is updating the app to look like TikTok and taking away the DM button in a... See, guide, guide, guide, guide, guide, guide, guide, you know what mean? Like, that's 637 leads off that. Oh, to be fair, a lot of them would be half replies. So, yeah, exactly. So, like, let's say 300 leads off that, but that's still  solid, man. And you can just pump it, and you can pump them organically because you're not selling, like you're giving stuff away. You know, people, you know, get the value out of it because you're like, , you know, you just send me a free... So you're getting, even there's 317 likes with 300 comments.
Sage Damsma: Viral, viral, viral, viral.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do, and again, this is like where I say like it's good to kind of cap it so you can spend a little bit more time on this stuff, is like actually building out these resources so you can make, you know, videos around them.
Sage Damsma: And it's just like streamlined from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's like, Yeah.
Sage Damsma: So like you're, as you're posting it, you're doing all the backend work, like it's all ready.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially. Because you can, like your eat out tapeway guide is like, you can use that for heaps of different .
Sage Damsma: once you've got it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But then again, like we can just, the organic side of things, one, we'll get the volume and the quantity, so you actually like run them as actual like ads to get more followers to your page. then that will automatically, so it's a double whammy. Yeah, then we'll get more followers to your page, but then we can also get the actual CTA of the video itself there, and then start the conversations. But, yeah, of course I was going to add that, but yeah. So, yeah. then if you get more followers, more views, can see the content. Yeah, the other thing with the organic side of things, man, is, like, if we can see if video does well, it's like, well, that's probably going to run pretty well as an ad. Let's just , you know, do some ad targeting with it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, mean, it's like the organic itself runs as, like, a little bit of a test dummy.
Sage Damsma: And if it does all right, then it's like, well, obviously, putting budget into it should be fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, that makes sense for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because I remember, I won't find it now, but I remember when I even, like, it was a talking video I made, and it was, like, about, like, some, like, what does it cost or something like that. And I was, like, you I'm so  sick of this. Yeah, this one. Even this one, 250 comments, because I was just, like, , you know, comment program.
Sage Damsma: Like, send you a free 12-week program, just comment program. Yeah, , like, people plan that . Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, and that was just because, like, it kind of made me, , made sense for me just to say it. So, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Does that make sense? Yeah, no, of course.
Kyle Musca: That's good. So, I think, like, that's going to be your next step, is, like, being able to rely on, getting more conversation. conversation. This started, so you're not always direct selling, and then just doubling down on like internal like referrals and organic as well. Yeah. Double up the lead generation stuff that we just spoke about. Because otherwise, again, like it's just, you know, when you're just direct marketing all the time, it just, it just, it burns out a little bit.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, for sure. Conversations get a bit repetitive and annoying too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Oh, .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, do you have GoHallem?
Sage Damsma: No, that's, I asked you about that last week, so I'm probably going to start putting that together. If you think it's worth it, because I don't, I've got everything like in different areas, and it's just a bit messy. It's working fine, especially with the VA, but I think having it in one spot would probably just make it a bit easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, especially if go down this route as well, because I wouldn't necessarily recommend Emails and . Yeah, you can just email straight out from them.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. Collect all that info and  too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. I'm coming back into this. Really challenged a couple of clients dropping off due to, yeah, eternal time. More coming in than man leaving though. Yeah. Have you done a bit of a route, like an extension offer for current clients that have a program ending soon?
Sage Damsma: Yeah. So the ones that are expiring soon, I was thinking of offering them like a Black Friday deal and make it sound like they get something special out of it. Yeah. Or the other thing is run like that internal challenge and have like a big giveaway that's in like Feb or March. So it pushes them through till then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the way I would probably approach it, man, is like get a list of all the people that's... Program ends, you know, for end of January, February, or whatever. And kind of, like, go through and be like, hey, like, I'm running this Black Friday offer. You know, I thought it was only fair to offer it to you as well. Essentially, what will happen is, like, offer you something as well, not offer the same thing. Offer you something as well. So essentially, like, don't let anyone know about this, but I'm going to run a challenge for January through to March. And essentially, there'll be, like, $8,000 of prizes. Now, to join this challenge, usually it'd be, like, you know, $2,000 or something like that, or inflate it, like, $3,000 or something. But because you're already a part of the team, and, like, you know, you're an awesome part of the team, you know, if you want to continue on from that, there's going to be no extra charge. You can just continue on your current rate, and you'll automatically be included in that for $8,000 worth of prizes.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, and it's like, , well, how could you say no to that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, you know, no extra charge. just get...
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I did that to actually a guy, but I think he mentioned this last call, the one before, and he has been on for six months now, and he was unsure if he wanted to do it again. He's crazy results, insane. He's like, oh, just mortgage and this and that. And I said, oh, look, bro, if you want to finish up, you've got a crazy result, but in January, we're starting this thing, and you're going to have the chance with this challenge to win paid flights to Bali, and he goes, . And he was sitting there biting his nails, and he goes, all right, let's do another six months, bro. I'm like, that takes him through the challenge, plus another three months on top of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, exactly. So, same concept, then.
Sage Damsma: People have an incentive to stick around. Yeah, no, that actually worked really well, so I'll keep using that. So, I'll have a couple progress calls next week, the week after. There'll be probably, like, another four guys getting close to finishing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you've got a lot of transformations and stuff. Yeah, I've got quite a few that are, like, very, very close to being, like, insane as well. I would start putting that. I think that's probably one area of your content, not lack. More social proof. Yeah, misses. Because, like, you've got a lot of coaching value content, which is fantastic. But I think you just need to start including in more actual social proofs. Because if you paired that up with the value and the social proof, and you're just constantly putting, like, transformations up on your page, man, that's where, you know, you'd  rip, I reckon.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. I've been saving. I found this one dude who's got, like, he does it really well. So I've been saving a bunch of his videos. I'm going to start using his structure. Because I think it will just, he gets so many comments and people are like, yeah, sign me up. Who's that? He's with Brian Mark at the moment. Some dark dude is doing, like, I think he did, like, 100 last month. 100k. I'll find him.
Kyle Musca: I've got him saved. I'll see. I'll just send it to you. Yeah, because otherwise, like, this guy does it.
Sage Damsma: He speaks very... Oh, yeah. I know him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. He's been zesty.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, sometimes it's... Yeah, I know what mean.
Kyle Musca: But, like, even for this one, like, you know, apparently they do do crazy numbers and , but, like, the only time he makes a video is off his missus and everything like that. But, you know, I guess that's a bit of, like, proof of, like, you can just , you know, spend the same thing. transformation, the same body. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: It's not his journey.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, literally.
Sage Damsma: Man, if you had, like,  even 10 transformations you could just filter through, man, I really doubt people would even notice that you're, like, putting them back up. Yeah. I mean, there's always fresh eyes coming, too, you know.
Kyle Musca: Oh, 100%. So, it's, like, and he kind of sits down and, like, looks straight at the camera. He had a couple of transformations in that one as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I know what you mean, most of them, it's just the misses.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's kind of talking about a coaching, you know. Let's talk about how we got young. Yeah, so it's kind of like meal plan. So again, this is a lead band, man. He would have just ran this to a lead band.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, he kind of just sits down and like gives coaching education and then just like uses like  clips and stuff of all these misses and shows transformations and stuff. I was barely to go from this. this. Listen to this.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I think that's fantastic.
Kyle Musca: If you just could sit down and, like, bang out a couple of those.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, just talking camera, talking head. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You could do them, like, your style of content.
Sage Damsma: I, my style of content, so I was just holding the phone and  doing it, to be honest. Yeah. I'll probably throw in a bit of a mix, because, like, I thought the title one was, like, a bit controversial, but I was just just talking to it and saying to do all right.
Kyle Musca: Like, I got pretty comfortable with it. Yeah. And those, yeah, they do do well, because they're just not, like, gimmicky and add it, you know what mean?
Sage Damsma: Yeah. It was just, like, super raw.
Kyle Musca: it's, like, five pieces of potato stuff and I could video out of it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I know what mean. Even that one I did when I'm sitting outside on the couch, it was just  me talking about post-holiday rebound. And I had so many DMs and leads come through that. They just sent it to me, like, this is so true. This helped me so much. I just got back from holidays, blah, blah, blah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, I only, I just got back from Dubai, no tracking. I only trained twice the whole trip, no meal plan and no structure. And honestly, I don't regret a thing. I didn't spend my holiday obsessing over food, tracking macro, seeing my steps. I was just present and enjoyed the moment. When I got home and stepped up. Yeah, so basically exactly like that. Like, I've been planning to do so, I'm just  sick as. That's how I would do it. And I would just set it up where I basically just talk straight to the camera. And I just have like B-roll footage of like me training, client transmission, all that . And just keep it really engaging to the point where it's almost a voiceover, but it cuts back to you, which is like talking.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if you could bang out like three, four, five of them a week, where it's like all transformation focused, man, like I reckon you'd get a lot of attention off that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: And again, could use them. Whether it be, for them, you might even want to try both a hard CTA and a lead magnet, you know what I mean? If you're struggling with this and you want results like  Sarah, deem me the word as usual. Or you could even do something like, if you're my ultimate breakdown of XYZ, or you're my ultimate  weight loss cheat sheet, comment this. Or if you want, if you want the, the exact meal plan that took, you know, Sarah from going like this to this, comment the word meal plan and I'll send it through to you.
Sage Damsma: That would, yeah, that's pretty much what that, that guy I've sent you, like he does it all the time. It's like, this is blah, blah, blah, this is her training plan. can either screenshot here or just DM me, blah, blah, blah. He does it all the time, but he gets so many comments and . I sent it on our Instagram, sorry. It's a deal, Kyle Muscle page.
Kyle Musca: I sent doesn't know for us, we said it all the time. All go. I signed this I it to him. He He That . You know him?
Sage Damsma: Do you? No, no, no.
Kyle Musca: What the ? Yeah, this guy. 100k a month with a million, million dollars, that's not that big of a flex.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think he's only been...
Sage Damsma: I think he's only recently kind of taken off.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. He put up his story.
Sage Damsma: It was like a year ago today. He was making 2k a month.
Kyle Musca: Now he's doing like whatever. This is literally AI generated by the looks of it. Many steps every corporate woman should follow to go from the size of 18 to 18 and under 12 months. These are the exact steps to bring the debt followed to lose 35 pounds in only five months, while going through... Menopause. Step one, eat at least 30 grams of protein per meal. This keeps you full for hours, stops afternoons. Yeah, exactly. Ladies, if you train just four days a week to burn fat and get toned, here's the best workout plan you can follow as a woman over 35. David? Yeah. So, yeah, I think those are things you need to add in to continue pushing that. More social proof, more lead magnet giveaway stuff.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Do you have ClickFunnels or anything?
Sage Damsma: No, I don't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's okay. I think we'd have to look into this. I was even talking to Tori about it before. We don't really necessarily need, like, a landing page. If you could do something like... I'm just going to edit this. just gonna try edit Thank you. If you could do something like, um... Where the ? You can grow contact details out of this. Maybe it's just like a standard message and then you add, like, email? I don't know what it is. Oh, data collection, here we go. Let's... Give it to me, . That's what you're talking about. Now You can even do a follow-up there, is cool. Okay, let's just try this.
Sage Damsma: , I'm hungry.
Kyle Musca: You know what would be kind of cool with this, actually, potentially, is just off the top of my It's like, even at the end of a  normal meta-chat flow, after they're like, waiting for the response, kind of like, set a PS just quickly, what's the current height and weight, like, you know, while you wait, I'll send you through my ultimate guide to optimising. Yeah, what's your email? Yeah. That would actually be pretty right.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'll play around with that. Yeah, cool, bro. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Sage Damsma: No, that all makes sense, bro. No, it's all good. Yeah, I've got some  in my little notepad here to do, but I'm going out for dinner tonight, and then I'll just keep plotting along, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick.
Sage Damsma: And pump content while I'm in Bali, that's for sure. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh. All let me just make a thing to, beautiful, I'll set that for Monday. And then with the challenge as well, like, I'll have to look at the scripts I've already done, but do like just a  actual announcement launch one, like, you know.
Sage Damsma: Like an organic post?
Kyle Musca: Well, you could run it definitely as an organic, but like, instead of doing like, you know, if you're sick of hiding in  baggy t-shirts and X, Y, Z, just be like, I've just launched, I'm so super excited to announce, I've just launched my brand new 2026 challenge.
Sage Damsma: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Super excited to announce that I've just officially opened my 2026 challenge,  whatever the .
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Where it's just like, straight on, here's what you got. Like $8,000 in prizes,  only 20 spots available, X, Y, Z.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, just straight to the point, get the hype in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. They're pretty easy to do. Like, they're pretty easy to do just off the top of your head kind of thing. It's just like what it is, what they get, the prize, CTA.
Sage Damsma: Limited spots.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Do need any further clarification on anything while going on?
Sage Damsma: No. No, I think it's good. Like you said at the moment, it's kind of just preparing and future planning the next kind of things, really. I've got some more, like, back-end stuff, which has been, like, getting really close to finishing. So, I'm just plotting along at that when I have the spare time, and that'll set us up to keep going.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so good. Yeah, I think moving into this next phase, it's just going to, yeah, as I said, just giving value, building, emailing us. I going yeah, yeah, as going to to as said, going to as Building that audience, which will work in your favor as well if we switch to the ads where it's more so like driving more followers to your actual page anyway. And then again, what I think we do there is like have like majority of your ad spend on that, but then like a small retargeting of a direct offer just to follow them like post engagement and  like that for people who are actually engaged in your account.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. And then that's just like a low budget, hey.
Kyle Musca: It'll be super low budget because it's such a small audience.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Nah, it's sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's, that'd be a strong marketing system. But again, we just have to have something of actual proper value that gets people in the initial front door.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. And you can run, would you recommend running like social proof for those retargeting too?
Kyle Musca: Absolutely. Yeah. Depends on what type of social proof you're talking about, like in terms of testimonials.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Like testimonials, transformations and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. definitely. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: I mean, no, that's Why not? Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool work.
Sage Damsma: yeah.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. All right.
Sage Damsma: Well, I'll let you go here.
Kyle Musca: If you need a hand with any of it, just let me know. But yeah, I couldn't, I wouldn't undervalue the value of what we could do if you get some really good quality, like lead make stuff and start going down that route.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Not too easy. We'll do.
Kyle Musca: yeah. Super. All right. I will chat to you very soon, man.
Sage Damsma: Oh, bro. It's so easy. Hope you get better over the weekend. That's insane. It's later.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.


>>> 11/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-14T07:09:53Z | id:101645297
People: Kyle Musca

josiah: This meeting is being recorded. Sick as a dog, no good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah: There's a  bit going around at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, absolutely. So keen to just  that right off so I can move on from it.
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. So we'll dive into the check-in form. Is there anything specifically you want to cover, man? Anything I can help us out with?
josiah: Yeah. I don't know. Yeah, not really. I mean, it's just a few people have left this week and it's  pissed me off. I've had a bit of a week where I've just like had a bit of a short fuse, but not much patience for people. So it's not been an amazing week, to be honest. A few deals closed, but not like I've had four or five people leave. So it's been a bit of an annoying week. So I don't have any calls booked for next week. So I'm really going to have to pull my finger out and start, you know, harvesting leads from the Instagram or, so we'll see how we go with that. But nothing in particular that's, you know, maybe retention strategies, but I feel like we've been working on that already. We're rolling that out now, but other than that, just knowing like the timeline of events, like what are we going to do next? And that's of that. So Just so I have a clear, like, hey, this is what we're working towards.
Kyle Musca: I feel like that would be helpful. Yeah, yeah, definitely. So with the guys or the people that dropped off, man, were they online clients? Were they in person?
josiah: Online. One had been with me for, like, a few buying cycles. One girl left after, like, two weeks. One guy just said he crashed his car and didn't have insurance and had to, like, you know, and then I didn't hear a reply from him for over two weeks. So, you know, I just feel like there's no security there. I did used to have debit success. So whenever that happened, I would just, I'd still get the full contract and I would just take people to the debt collection. So I'm feeling like I want to go back to that.
Kyle Musca: slightly Tout-Comobe concert. What's Go Be Do you have any sort of, like, contract that they sign when they join?
josiah: Yeah, so what we said before, like, that accountability form disguised as a, sorry, a contract disguised as an accountability form, just in that automated email they get sent when they onboard, and also the Newey, they have to click that little dot, I box, checkbox when they fill out the Newey payment link. but it holds no weight. Like, if solicitors got involved, if someone was like, hey, like, I'm taking this further, like, we couldn't really do , it wouldn't hold up with a lawyer, but with Debit Success, it's like a literal debt collection agency will chase them up for you, you don't have to handle or look at any of the, any of the missed payments. Um, so, yeah, it's just... Amo, 3, 4, 8, 17, 20, 18. It typically happens with the people where I haven't done an onboarding fee and I've had to downsell them to like the $2.50 onboarding fee plus the weekly debit. I haven't seen it with any of the new clients, to be fair, that have signed up in the past week or two, but it's just previous people. So, yeah, like we probably, we'd hope to see less of a drop-off in the early months, but yeah, I haven't changed the service or anything. Like people get real  great results. Like they, like the guy that dropped off and just ghosted me, he lost four kilos in four weeks and then he just ghosted.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you know. Yeah, so a couple of things on that. But one is you can still hire a debt collection service.
josiah: Like I've got a debt collection service. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Called the Marshall Freeman. I think. I can't remember how much. think it was like $300 to get started and then like $35 a week. And then basically they'll chase them up for you and you can just take like an added 20% charge on for their fees essentially. So it is a possibility whether or not you want to use it, different story. And, you know, at the end of the day, contracts don't really hold that much weight.
josiah: You could try and take it to small claims and stuff, but to be honest, it's probably not that worth it. It's a  headache. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So the biggest things with like another thing with retention, man, is like they really need to understand that there's more to come, right? Because realistically what they're buying from you is information. Like they don't know the information on how to actually do whatever the  they're trying to do. So if you can constantly show them like the next step and induce a bit of fear around that as well, then the retention is likely to improve, right? So have I sent you...
josiah: The roadmap form? So like a client-customer journey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially is what it is.
josiah: I do kind of structure it in a way that's like, you know, the first four to six weeks is a habit formation phase where we just set everything up and then like week six is where we really dial in your nutrition and, you know, but it's just a bit ambiguous at the moment. So if there was more of a structure behind it that they could visualize, that would be definitely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, well, this is basically what this is. So on your first check-in, you know, you're not going to have that much to talk about. they're not going to have much data tracked and everything like that. That's where something like this comes in handy because you can kind of like map it out with them.
josiah: So this also activates the IKEA effect. So if they feel like they've built something up, then they're going to be. There's going to be more sentimental value around it.
Kyle Musca: So essentially, you build this out with them, and then every check-in or every second check-in at the very most, you always come back to it. So one, this will keep it very top of mind where they're at with things. So it's like, yeah, cool. We are approaching the end of our dieting phase, but that's going to go into a reverse diet. And then you induce a bit of fear. We need to take this really, really carefully because if we do what a lot of people do and just go straight back into the brain, undo all this work, and, you know, you're probably going to, like, a lot of people tend to blow out here and just , like, gain heaps and heaps of fat, right?
josiah: Really important when you do this properly, and then after that, we're going to go into a full gain, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So they always know what's to come. The second thing is, like, it helps you to understand where they're at. Like, you know, if you've got someone who's signed up for three months, and let's say, like, theoretically, they did a paid in full or something like that, then, you know, around that 12-week mark... you you like, like, like, like Thank You know, if you try to like upsell them there, it's too late. But if you can start really planting the seed around that week eight mark of like what's next, you know what mean? And then it's like you're already planting the seed to extend, right? You can't kind of like get to the last week and be like, oh, cool, we've got all this left to go because then I feel confident doing it myself. And then you map out a short-term, medium, and long-term goal. So it's like even if they only signed up for three months, you're building out a 12-month plan with them. So it's completely top of mind if they know that there's more after what they've come to you for.
josiah: Yeah, and obviously taking them through it in the onboarding, okay, you've got X amount of kilos before, you know, we've got to get down to X body fat percentage before you'll be happy. And then we're reverse dieting, and then we're doing a build phase after that. So roughly it's going to be X amount of weeks, but we add 10 weeks on as a buffer and blah, blah, blah. And yeah. Using that kind of fear-mongering approach of we need to be really careful how we approach this because we don't want to have to extend the timeline and just sort of have a visual of it so they can understand it, not just kind of me brushing over it and then not really going into detail about it. And then they're like, oh, he's given me the program, he's given me the  nutrition plan, I'm losing a kilo a week, I'm good now, like I'm sweet. So, yeah, I've probably got to take a bit of responsibility there but, yeah, and not get annoyed when I haven't really been really, really clear about, hey, this is the timeline and a visual of what they can look at as well will definitely help. So, yeah, if you could send that to me, that would be  great.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I just sent that through there. So, what we need to do is just obviously create a copy and then just change it to your branding and then every single client will have So you just create a copy, and then it's like, you know, Matt Smith, EMP wrote that.
josiah: Every check-in, you're bringing it back to that as well, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, every check-in, every second check-in at the most. Yeah. You know, we're currently in week six. You know, we're coming on really nicely. We obviously got our, you know, milestone that we want to hit around that 16-week mark.
josiah: With our current pace, we're well on for that. So we just need to keep executing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It doesn't have to be long enough to spend long with it.
josiah: You just need to bring it up. So it's like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the other thing is like, how are you finding, how are you and your clients finding the actual communication with the service?
josiah: Like the feedback around the check-ins and that. Yeah, well received. I was just testing, obviously, the click-through rate or the submission rate this week. So last week, I did it via text and the app. App automated, but, you know, I got probably 80, 90% of people's submission, but this week I just did the automation through the app, and only about 30, 40% completion rate. So I'm going to have to text it through to them via, you know, just SMS, because it will hold a lot more weight, I think, because the automated message is through TrainerEyes. So people kind of look at it and go, oh, yeah, because it literally says automated message from Josiah and Archivage, blah, blah, blah. Like, I wish it didn't  do that, but.
Kyle Musca: Is that through text message, or is it through TrainerEyes internal messaging?
josiah: Through TrainerEyes, if you send an automated message through their program, it literally says this is an automated message, like the first thing. And then they're like, oh, but if I send a text, it'll hold a little bit more weight, and I've got a way better click-through rate. But people. People loved it. Like people fill out the form in its entirety and, you know, I got some great feedback. The majority of clients are  killing it. So I don't know, the people that, and I'm getting great transformations. So the people that are dropping off and they're just, they're taking the piss really. So, um, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So with this, uh, if you're going to have to do it through text, I would probably do it on WhatsApp, to be honest. Uh, cause then you can just create a broadcast list and you just send one message and it just goes to each one.
josiah: Yeah. Is this all, um, is this all via, uh, am I going to get notes of all of this? Cause I'm on my phone today. I'm not typing notes as I go, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. You've got a breakdown of everything you speak about.
josiah: Yeah. I like that. I'll just put everyone in a bit of a WhatsApp group and.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you don't even need to do a WhatsApp. So you create a broadcast list in WhatsApp, which is like a group. You'll have all their names in there. And then just one message goes to them individually. So it looks like a personalized response. Be really careful with that. They need to add you back as a contact for it to go through.
josiah: Otherwise, they won't receive it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do, especially for the first week or two, is like anyone who hasn't got a check-in, just send them an actual direct message saying like, bro, did you get your check-in?
josiah: What's going on? Yeah, I did that this week. I just sent them a voicemail saying like, hey, I didn't get your check-in. It's, you know, it's really important that you get your check-in to me. Otherwise, you won't get any feedback. And you're probably not going to hear from me until blah, blah, blah. Like we're not at school. I'm not here to hold your hand through the whole thing. Like I need you to do your part to get the results.
Kyle Musca: So that's kind of how I coach people. Yeah. Yeah. So... So, yeah, the check-in form is super important. Now, one thing that I think that you should very much utilize as well right now is trying to, especially if a lot of people are getting good transmissions and they're loving the coaching, is trying to get some referral work done. Yeah. Have you asked your clients and stuff if they know, who they know that, you know, would be interested in getting coached as well?
josiah: Yeah, in the, I've had two or three referrals come through the past two or three weeks and one, two of them today. And a guy just messaged me saying, hey, I've put your number on to blah, blah, blah, give him a call. So, in the check-in form, it just says, because I've basically just copied your check-in form, it says, hey, do you know of anyone that would, you know, be keen on the coaching or whatever, both get a, they get a distance. You get a free week, whatever it is. So I definitely have that included in the check-in form and people usually write, you know, but it's getting them thinking about it. Yeah. Like, so they might tell their friends or their friends might next time someone gives them a compliment and says, oh, you've lost  heaps of weight. Like, you look great. Like, what have you been doing? Oh yeah, my coach, Josiah. Yeah. And then they think, oh yeah, I'll put that in the form next time I get prompted to put something in. So I guess it's a long-term play with that, but I've already seen two or three names come through just in the past few weeks.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. Yeah. So I think with where you, like, cause you're, you know, obviously working with every single client one-to-one, like you've got that, you've got the relationship with them where you can kind of ask on a personal level. So I actually kind of changed it, small tweet to the check-in form when we did this today, where instead of like, it's a inbox, you know, they can type a type thing. It's like before they press submit, it's a paragraph. If you've got a mate who's keen to get some coaching and dial things in, get them to fill out this application form, and then it just goes straight to an actual application form. Yeah, yeah. So it's a little bit easier.
josiah: Okay, we'll put a note in today just to change the check-in form instead of like a typing one just to – it's literally a link to the form that they can enter into it for your names.
Kyle Musca: So – Yeah. So then they can just send – and then I said, you know, you'll get $250 as a kickback. Then the – also the thank you page is basically the same thing.
josiah: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So change the thank you page with the notes to get that in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, because they're seeing that every single week at that point. Now, that's one thing. With referrals, man, you've got to – like even though you have these things in there, you do have to keep it top of mind or people just won't think about it. But – this is like – Anytime a client gets a good result, man, or they say they're, like, really enjoying the coaching or something, like, you know, I absolutely love, you know, hearing that. I love seeing you absolutely kill it. You know, I guess, do you have anyone that, like, is in a similar position to you where they are, like, looking to lose weight at all? And then I kind of come from the angle of, like, you it's a really good tool to, like, you know, work together to keep each other accountable and everything like that, just to, like, open the conversation. Like, well, have they ever, you know, thought about getting coaching, you know, by chance? Like, obviously, you've seen the results from it. And, you know, again, it'll help keep you really nice and accountable. Plus, if they do end up joining, I'll give you $150 or something like that.
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, I would, the more personal you can make this, the better. So, even if you throw in there, like, you I'm trying to transition into more of the online space. So, you know, if you did have anyone that would be interested, like, I'd really appreciate it.
josiah: Yeah, especially when they're hot, right? Like when they've just achieved a great transformation and they're high energy, you've been talking to them and, you know, they get a great result that week or a great check-in, that would be a great time to either offer a re-sign or just go in for the kill with a referral, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Like emotional highs, good results, you know, anything after a win, essentially.
josiah: Yeah, yeah. No, I got all that. I got all that, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would also do it on, so when a client signs up, I like to have a, like a check-in call with them on week three, but like a success check-in call. Yeah. Because that's a really good time for you to, like, promote, present that stuff to them. They're on an emotional high after losing some weight, they still feel really confident in you, they're motivated, and that's a great time to, like, capture them.
josiah: Yeah, so that's, that's with the people that are on the week. Weekly loom check-in, not the weekly call.
Kyle Musca: You could do it. Well, you could just double it up as a call for the call people. Yeah. Yeah. Essentially, you just want to have that chat at week three.
josiah: Yeah, I do have a bit of a reassign process that it's been pretty successful with the past kind of, I guess, 15 clients that have come through. So at week four, during their call, I'll offer them a reassign. So I'll say, hey, look, I'd love, I don't usually offer this, but for the rest of the year, you know, you've been getting great results. We've still got a long way to go, but, you know, I'd love to offer you a coaching spot on my team for the rest of the year, you know, at a 20% discount. So instead of 100 a week, we can do 80 a week and, you know, that gets you locked in for the next six months. What do you think? So I've had a high success rate with that. Probably like six or seven people out of the last 15 that have signed up have bitten on that. So I've got them locked in for another three, four months, which is another buying cycle. So that seems to work well as well, but also asking for the referrals and that sort of thing will play nicely into that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%, 100%. And then what I would also do on the referral side of things, man, is I would have like an internal challenge that you run like every single month or something like that.
josiah: Yeah, I've got those dialed in. So every two months, TrainerEyes, you can run those challenges, right? So do you use TrainerEyes or?
Kyle Musca: I have in the past.
josiah: So... So... It has a challenges tab where you can add everyone to a challenge and all the other clients can see how many points your other clients have. So you get like five points for a PB, five points for you're hitting your nutrition goal. So they can literally see each other on like a leaderboard and the winner gets prizes. And if you refer people to it, they get, you know, I said 25% off your whole coaching fee, plus you get two weeks free. So my next one I'm running is in February. And I've pre-framed it to everyone on the service now as like a bit of a retention buy-in because I'm anticipating a bit of a drop over Christmas. So there's a bit more incentive to invite people and to join up. I've said, look, if you join the February one, you get two weeks free straight up. So, you know, that's a bit of incentive there, but I'm hearing you. And also... In TrainRise, it's great too. Every time they log in, there's an announcement tab at the top. They see, hey, refer for two weeks free. So they see that every time they open their app, which is great.
Kyle Musca: So with this as well, can you tweak what the points are? Can you tweak what they get points for?
josiah: Yeah, I heavily weighted on nutrition, but you can change whatever the points are for any of the system, like for habits, for steps, for like any feedback markers you want.
Kyle Musca: So I would, so, because we're looking for referrals here, I would try and heavily gear it towards like a bit of adherence stuff, like have, but then also like basically you just want them marketing your own business. They're a story and tag you. If they repost your reels, like if they do all that , then they get, you know, points for it.
josiah: So yeah, like five points. Her story shared. And would you recommend to follow everyone on Instagram?
Kyle Musca: Because... you follow them?
josiah: Yeah. Or like, do you have to...
Kyle Musca: I don't follow them.
josiah: Yeah, you don't follow your clients?
Kyle Musca: No. I follow them on my personal account. I don't follow them on my gym account because I don't want my feet being congested and a bunch of .
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah, so if you can get this working strong, like, again, the leadership, leaderboard thing's good because you want them to publicly see who's winning. But I would do like a monthly thing, man. Like, you know, if someone, you know, maybe it's just a week free of coaching or two weeks free of coaching, you know what mean? It doesn't have to be anything crazy. Just to start with anyway. And then, yeah, basically, you just want them marketing your business, man. Because if you can grab them and they're all sharing your , like, you've just opened yourself up to...
josiah: Yeah, I've never tapped into that. It's something I've always wondered, like, because I see Sage, I see Ricky, I see a bunch of lads that have got, like, at least every day, three or four or five random clients, like, all tagging them in gym selfies, and, you know, they might have 500 to 1,000 people on average, like, looking at their stories as well. So I'm like, how the  do I tap into that? Like, I don't want to just beg and say, boy, tag me in this . So is that kind of the same strategy that I've been running, would you say, or?
Kyle Musca: It's just a good, like, point of social proof, essentially.
josiah: And it's good to, like, post up on their story, you know, they might have people that swipe up and going, oh my gosh, you've lost so much weight, what's your secret?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then if you've kept the referral thing to the top of mind, like, you know, I'd really appreciate if, you know, else, like, and if you obviously enjoy it, then they want coaching, just pass my name along, know? Swinging 150 bucks or something, 200 bucks or something. So it's like when they have that conversation, it's like, oh, you I've been working with Josiah, he's been so  good, he's helped me so much and everything like that. You know, if I want it, I can put you in contact with him and you can have a chat. Yeah, I'd love that. You know what mean? So it's like the thing with referrals, it has to be like kind of top of mind. Like if you just have something like this, for example, which is good, like it's a point, right? But it's not, eventually they'll just like get to the point where they just like block it out.
josiah: They don't even like register, right? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So do you have a group chat or anything?
josiah: In TrainerEyes, I've got a group, but no  has ever posted in it.
Kyle Musca: And I don't really post in it.
josiah: I know Sage uses like WhatsApp for his one, but a lot of my clients are like serious operators, like multi-millionaires. They don't want to be in a community.
Kyle Musca: They Like, they're just kind of lone wolves, right?
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You'd be surprised, man. Like, I thought the same thing when I started mine. Mine are just, like, masculine men, right? Yeah. They're not going to want to  talk in a group chat and . It wasn't like, it didn't pop off to start, but now it  pops off, man. Like, I can't even read it because, like, I'll leave it for two hours and there's a whole , you know, book of messages in there.
josiah: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I think for you to get that started, though, it will come down to you, you know, being active in it, kind of, like, leading the charge until that gets started. And that doesn't mean you have to be in there  24-7. Like, I would just have, like, a, so what I did to start was, like, a Monday motivation and then I'd get my coach to do, like, a Wednesday win and then a Friday win, for example.
josiah: So, a shout-out of client. And is that on WhatsApp?
Kyle Musca: I have mine on WhatsApp, but, like, you can do yours on Framerize. As long as there's a group chat of some sort. Um, yeah, those are the things that are important to say, like, you know, uh, for example, I dropped it in like literally just before, like , um, tag me on, on Instagram. Uh, it's a good accountability tool.
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then I dropped it in that form before I was like, Hey, um, you know, if any of you guys have a mate that's keen on joining,  get them to fill out this application and what, like pretty much straight away. I had a guy reply, like,  yeah, I know someone who's keen.
josiah: Yeah. Okay. It's, it's definitely, it's definitely something of, um, haven't been milking, you know, but I get one referral a week, but if it was like two or three, then even better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If it's one referral a week and you're not even really trying for a minute, like if you started, you know, going for it a little bit more, uh, and then again, mention it in, you know, Loom videos, again, mention it All stuff like that, just keep it, again, you don't always be like, , you know, who do you know who's going to sign up to coaching, man? But like, bro, just like a little reminder, you know, if you know anyone that's keen on, you know, getting a bit of hand coaching, if you pass my name along, I really appreciate that.
josiah: Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. And then again, group chat's really good for that stuff because you make announcements, , it's pretty easy to do. Yeah, perfect.
josiah: Does that all make sense, man? Yeah, absolutely, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you have a, do you use Dropform?
josiah: Do use Dropform, man? I use Typeform for my lead responses, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Same thing. So, that's another thing where I think, you know, grab your Typeform and everything like that, and then you've got it here, which is beautiful. But chuck that up on your stories and stuff as well, man, because that's, again, those CTAs and then people filling them out is how you're going to get coaching applications.
josiah: Yeah, I'm trying to do it. Yeah, Like, that story flow that we talked about the previous week, like, I feel like this week I've been a bit more on top of it. I've put in, like, a harder CTA to the coaching form twice, and I think I did one to one of my meal guides once. And I get, like, 10 or so people reply to the polls, so the polls you put on the stories. But, you know, I haven't messaged any, haven't even messaged any of them, so it's, like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you've to get on top of that, because otherwise it's, like, ways to do it, you know what mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, like, it's, again, you can do, you can do a, get creative with this. You might do a transformation, and it's, like, what results like these? Yes, hell yes. And then anyone that  message, types on that poll, you're just messaging, right?
josiah: Um, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You do have to be on top of that, like, that's the, you know, the ground.
josiah: Yeah, absolutely. I've got resistance to that. It does my  head in. So I need to get on top of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just look at it like these are potential  clients.
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This video did well as well, by the way.
josiah: Yeah, decent. For the first try of a reaction video that I did in like two minutes and the nutrition one decent, but yeah, the actual, the whiteboard talking one, I don't know if the hook was , but like that's my lowest engagement post I've ever gotten.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah, so I mean, But yeah, did you grab this hook from someone or did just kind of wing it?
josiah: I copy everything I do. Like I'm not making it up on my own. Like this was, the, you know, the sober bodybuilder, pretty sure you follow him. Wow. Yeah, he's a bit of a weapon.
Kyle Musca: This guy did, I was still going say to you about it, this guy's pretty good as well, actually. Yeah. One thing I would really, especially when you're doing these educational videos on that note, is throw on some , you know, social proof whenever you can, right? Yeah, I mean, when you're talking about, this guy's too fat. Five reasons why you're still fat. I wouldn't  skip it, but, like, let's say, you know, you're not getting enough steps in, right? This is the exact issue my client Jane was doing. You know, she worked a desk job and she wasn't really that active. We didn't even have to drop her calories. We just increased her steps and she dropped  10 kilos in 14 weeks.
josiah: And up pops a little visual of the transformation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, like, this guy, oh, no, where is he?
josiah: And that can, that can be in the, that's, like, the superhook, right? Like, that's in the next, within the first five seconds they're getting that social proof.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Not necessarily. A good example of this is this guy does do that. Ladies, here are three steps after corporate winners to follow to go from a size 8. Again, that didn't get that much engagement. You know what mean? So I don't know if I'd run with that. Ladies, two eggs isn't sufficient. A spoonful of people... Are most of your clients males or females, by the way? Are most of your clients males or females, by the way?
josiah: It's honestly a pretty good mix, but I prefer to work with the, yeah, honestly, females, I prefer.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yeah, so females tend to buy the  more, so it's not a bad thing. Yeah. Stuff like this guy, he definitely leverages his girlfriend a lot, but, like, every single... Video is just geared around  transformations and, like, literally his girlfriend's transformation. But they do rake in massive numbers of ads, apparently. So it's just because when you come to this page, it's just like social proof, social proof, social proof.
josiah: Results should be weekly. Yeah, same as a fella.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. He speaks a bit zesty, but it works, right? So I would say when you're doing, you know, these, uh, those, you know, these types of videos, throw some social proof in there.
josiah: I like to say, just what he did recently, it was like a pure social proof one. So it'd be good to kind of add those in, plus sprinkle them into the, the educational-based ones, but perhaps not the reaction-based ones.
Kyle Musca: Um, I mean, if it makes sense to do it, you can, because you could be like, you know, so let's say it's just about  cutting carbs or some , right? Just off the top of my head. But I... this is exactly what Amanda, one of my clients, Amanda, struggled with. And what was interesting is we actually put her on a high-carb diet, and she ended up losing, you know, 10 kilos over 14 weeks. Yeah. And so if makes sense to put it in there, like, feel free to put it in there. But, again, like, don't get crazy discouraged by it at all, because, like, Sage is, you know, I'm pretty large following posts actively, and he's not getting that much more engagement than you are, man, realistically.
josiah: Like, the people, yeah. If I'm posting two of those reaction-based ones a day, like, they only take  10 minutes to snap up, you know? So there's not really, I've got about 30 or 40 loading in the saved folder, so, like, I feel like I can just pump those out  easily. And I got over 100 shares on that one, the first crack at it, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so, again, bye. Viral content, value content, and then social-proof content. And then it's just like, we're building the good organic marketing machine here. We just haven't had enough quantity to actually really see it, one, really pull through the data and really build that connection with your audience. Because even in general marketing senses, man, it takes about seven touch points for someone to actually build a lot of trust, right? So yeah, don't get discouraged at all with that.
josiah: I'm just lazy with the  DMs, you know?
Kyle Musca: Trust me, man, I hate DMs as well. But they've got to be done, unfortunately.
josiah: I do have a guy that's literally asking me every week, like, bro, I'm keen to get started. Like, I've sent him all my client, my ideal client, my script. He's been going over it. Like, he's keen to get going, but we've agreed on 10% commission. And... And I think it's pretty reasonable, but like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, is he going to do cold average for you?
josiah: Just hot, hot  hand-raises. People from like the stories, people that are engaging with the content, people replying to the type forms. But honestly, I don't think it's quite right yet because I don't have that volume injected into the front end yet. But the point is like I'm getting, you know, if I'm getting  heaps of engagement, then that might be the right time to pull the trigger. But at least I've got him cooking in the background.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you don't even really need that, to be honest, man. Like I can , I've got a VA that will do it for $15 an hour for you. But, you know, him, and the issue I don't like with like Western . DMs, it's like such a, you can outsource it way cheaper to someone in the Philippines that it doesn't make sense that someone would  do it here. Like, it just doesn't make sense. For 10% commission rate, like, yeah, but then you're just severely overpaying for a very minimal task, you know what mean? Yeah. And I'm in the same boat, and I don't like  DMs either, but I just don't think it would be worth it. And then the last thing you want is someone in their  desk really just, like, spamming hard-selling someone of your, you closest followers that are putting their hand up.
josiah: Yeah, or maybe I just need to stop being a   and stop playing golf every day and actually do an hour of DMs a day. Maybe that's the problem.
Kyle Musca: Just put up a poll, man, and just , you know, commit to messaging and throwing off the back end of it.
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, get the poll started on it.
josiah: But
Kyle Musca: I think, you in the meantime as well, like relying on the internal referral and building out like a little bit of an actual community. Because if someone's feeling like they're a part of something bigger than themselves, they're going to want to stick around for longer. Yeah. So, cool, man. Any questions on any of stuff at all?
josiah: I feel pretty dialed in with the content. Like, I feel a lot more on top of that and I feel like I can edit the videos pretty, like, quick, smart now. The main goal from last week was just to generate more conversations. So, I feel like that's the next part of it, just being on top of the DMs and generating those conversations and also setting up the story flow. So, being a little bit more proficient with that, I feel like that's been better, but... ... Yeah, at the moment. Yeah. It's not anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you have Notion set up?
josiah: Yeah. I use Notion for all my content generation, like all the columns and the scripts, and I use it for all my planning, and it's pretty dialed in, honestly, like the back-end sort of stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. As long as you've got, like, things ticking away, you know, to have that structure, like I need to put up , oh, these are just like tasks and reminders.
josiah: Yeah, I do. That's something my last mentor was really deep on, just like the weekly review, the daily review, checking all the numbers, filling out spreadsheets, like I  love that . So I do check the numbers quite often, and I do a weekly review every Sunday. I go to Blackboard Cafe in Varsity Lakes before church, and I do, like, an hour of filling out the spreadsheets and everything. So I'm on a pretty good route.
Kyle Musca: I would even have a content planner where it's like, I need to post this in the morning, this in the afternoon, I need to do these stories today, and then have that just reset every single week.
josiah: Yeah, my Google calendar is honestly pretty dialed in, bro. Like, I've got everything's color-coded. Like, I'm a , like, OCD with my calendar. So I've got everything color-coded and automated reminders, and the task list is pre-dialed in. So it's all there. It's just something to execute on doing it. It's just been a bit of a  week, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, you go through periods, like, you know, I. I still experience it, man. Like, you go through periods where everything's, like, cool, and then all of a sudden, like, , like, yeah, four, six, eight people drop off at once, you know, what the  just happened? So, like, those just periods, unfortunately, happen. This is what I, like, again, this is where some, like, the internal challenge system comes into play because then you can kind of go, you know, I'm running, I'm running, let's say, a challenge in the new year, for example. Let's say you run a new challenge because that's probably a good idea to, you know, actually start planning for. Another Black Friday offer is another thing I wanted to bring up as well, like, running a Black Friday offer for the rest of the month that you kind of push on your stories. Now, so let's say you run a New Year's challenge and you're, like, I would go speak to all your members whose programs are ending, you know, end of January, maybe end of February, and basically just say, like, hey, I'm running a Black Friday offer and I kind of wanted to, like, obviously just, you know, be able to offer you something as well. I'm actually going to be running a challenge in the new year and the winner. That challenge is going to win X, Y, Z, you know, whatever you want to do. It might be like three months of coaching, month free of coaching, whatever you want to put on it, right? And, you know, typically that challenge is going to be about $2,000, but because you're already like in the team and everything, I absolutely love having you on the team. If you want to just continue on as normal, you can just continue on as your normal rate, no extra charge, and you can just like be slotted in for that challenge and basically just phrase it that way.
josiah: So, that's the main purpose of that, obviously, just increased buy-in and retention over the Christmas period, yeah, with your current client base.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because the Christmas period meant it was a  ton of fitness coaching.
josiah: Yeah. I remember last January, though, I put on eight clients the first week of Jan. So, you have the initial volley of, I feel that. I'm guilty of just demolish 10 cakes, let's get something going, and then you get, usually it's around mid-Feb that people are starting to, like, get back into it, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, one thing I've really noticed is, like, to get people in January, you need to start pushing, kind of, in December for it. Yeah. To start January. You do another January push for sure, but, like, a lot of people have already, kind of, committed to a challenge before that, so, one thing that, um, I've got here, and this is why I want you to be, like, really dialed in with content, because if you can get the eyeballs in, like, obviously it makes sense for this to, to actually be ran.
josiah: Alright, once that first video hits one mil, it's  game over, right? Like, then, then all the other ones start getting, like, 10k, 20k, 30k after that, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so once you've got that, yeah. Yeah. The follow-on for a couple of reels will be picked up from that.
josiah: it's like, it needs to be not a fluke at that point, if that makes sense. And you want to kind of copy what worked out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. So this is what we want. So basically, this is like a, what's exactly what it is? It's a framework for challenges, right? So what we want to do is we're going rely on the organic content strategy. And you just need to be like  all over your stories, all over your feeds, posting about this, right? So in that, that's  broad. In that, yeah, so it basically maps it out exactly what you need to do. Yeah. 10 days out, man, you just need to start like getting some curiosity, some teasers, everything like that. But, you know, something big's coming, know, would I do a challenge, if I did a challenge, if I did a new year's challenge, who would be keen? And then like polls, all that , whatever it is. Yeah. All right. And then nine days out is like kind of the official launch, like hard launch. Five, three days out, just, you know, continue adding these educational proof, adding it in all your like content, essentially. Like guys, I've just launched my new, you know, you do content like, you know, this, for example. And then guys, I've just launched my, you know, I've just opened positions for my  January challenge, whatever you decide to call that. If you want access to it, either go fill out the form of DME, whatever CTA you decide. And then the last couple of days, it's just huge emergency. Now you'll notice with challenges, man, like probably 50%, if not more people will sign up in this last few days, if not last 24 hours. But you need to be super, super consistent with it for that to happen.
josiah: Otherwise, it's just not that urgency to it. Yeah. Yeah. I wanted to say, just sorry, the past few days has been running something similar. Like, oh, we're going to reopen it for the next 10 people because, honestly, all the spots are taken, blah, blah, blah, like creating that urgency.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, again, for you, I would do, again, a Black Friday offer, kind of how he has done it. That worked really well for him organically. So, man, marketing is just about  gift wrapping something new, same thing, and then gift wrapping it new, and then saying it's new, essentially. Black Friday offer, if you join in the month of November, I'll give you two weeks of coaching, absolutely free. Or, again, the Black Friday offer works really, really well, actually, because you could do, like, a month of coaching free, right? I'll give you the month of December, or I'll give you a month of coaching for free, and this is how I'd frame it. Month of coaching for free, which will carry you on into January, and I'm actually going to run a New Year's challenge. So, you'll automatically be, you know, entered into that challenge, where on the back end of that, again, one of your prizes, there's another two weeks. Another month of coaching, whatever you say. Absolutely free. So then it's like, the trick is, the key there is, obviously, they have to start paying straight away. don't give December free. And then they, for the two grand, oh, cool, you can spread that, you know, $2,000 or that $1,500 out across four months instead of three months.
josiah: And you're using mainly the stories as the driver for that.
Kyle Musca: Stories, but yeah, also put it on your feed post, man. nothing to be like, guys, I've just launched my brand new, guys, I've never done this before, but, you know, in light of Black Friday, I'm going to, in light of Black Friday, I'm going to do an offer I've never done before. If you sign up for the first three people only, the first two people only, whatever, get an ad's emergency there. I'm going to, you know, give two weeks of coaching absolutely free, three or a month of coaching absolutely free, right? Um, yeah, people... , you know,  on like saying, I've only got three spots left and stuff. Yeah, man, if you  spam every single week, I've only got three spots left. I've only got three spots left. I've only got three spots left. People are obviously like, that's complete  . But if you have an actual sense of urgency, like I'm only taking on three spots because I'm not willing to give  10 people a month of coaching free. You know, I'm only giving it to the first three people to join.
josiah: That's a genuine sense of urgency.
Kyle Musca: If you, if you can use genuine, you know, urgency and scarcity, that's when you have like a strong, you know, point of people taking action.
josiah: Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. And that kind of framework, if you send me that document, I'll have, I'll have that actioned next week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is for the challenge. This will be more so leading into the December period. Um,
josiah: I've got the gist of it though, like, have I missed the boat with Black Friday or?
Kyle Musca: No, definitely not, man. Black Friday's not until like the last Friday of  November, I think. I haven't started running my Black Friday stuff yet.
josiah: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So yeah. And then even with that stuff, man, like if you say, you know, I've got three spots, four spots, five spots or something like that for Black Friday,  put up on your story, man, like over a couple of days more than likely, you know, already, you know, maybe an hour after you put that story out or like the afternoon or morning of, already one of five spots gone. The next day, two of five spots gone. Next day, three of five spots gone. You know what mean? Last, you know, make sure, you know, don't miss this opportunity. I mean, that's where urgency comes, like, you can't just do one thing once and be expected. The urgency. Urgency is like a pressure point, you know what I mean? Like you keep  adding pressure and pressure and pressure to it until eventually they just like  burst because they can't, they get that FOMO.
josiah: Yeah, no, I'm pretty comfortable with that. And it's just a matter of having those prompts in your calendar to put it up on the story. So, you know, today it's day three, tomorrow day four, and then, yeah, Friday the release date. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would do something similar for, again, even the Black Friday alpha. Just have a breakdown structure of where you're going to post every single day. The other thing meant is like, and I've been historically  at this, but I'm like getting on top of it myself as well, just because, you know, practice what you preach, I guess. But, like, with the stories, man, just  go ham with them, you know what I mean? Like, try and just get as much  as possible. Like, I never  film it. Like, do stories, but, like, talk to the camera, take training clips, take  photos of your food, all that , man.
josiah: Yep. I mean, I'm pretty lazy with that, honestly. Like, stop being real about it, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but, like, that's where your closest followers will, because stories go to just your followers, you know what mean? Like, and don't get me wrong, the  story to follow ratio is  , like, they need to fix that . Um, but, at the same time, it does go to just your followers.
josiah: But, you just know that it's, though, for me, like, that 200 people that watch it every single  day, I was looking through it the other day, and, like, there's probably 20, 30 people in there that honestly would be a hot lead that have been watching for  months and months, right? Like, that, came up even from ads that I've run ages ago.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, they... So, that's... So, 20, 30 potential leads. Yeah. And then as you get more consistent with posting more content and stuff, you you get new followers come in. When someone is recent to following you, then Instagram will put your stories up in front of them because, you know, they're a new follower. So it's like, as long as you're consistently posting content, you're still getting consistent new eyeballs in.
josiah: They get fed, like, your past three content pieces, don't they, over, like, a few days if they follow you. I've noticed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Instagram will prioritize your content.
josiah: Yeah, okay. That's the goal to get up to that two a day, one reaction a day, and either one educational or talking head a day. I feel like that will be a realistic.
Kyle Musca: I would say that's, like, the baseline of where we're going to get to. Like, realistically, if we can, you know, three days even better, four days even better, if it's still quality. Four days, probably getting a bit ... ... ... Don't shut up, Kyle.
josiah: Let's just start with  two, right?
Kyle Musca: Or one even, Jesus.
josiah: Yeah. Yeah, but I've got eight in the drafts folder, so I'm happy with it. And it only took me half a day to bang them out and edit a few of them, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then the only other thing I'd say is on these kind of content, I think, just, like, saying lines really direct. Like, if you have to stop, cut it, and then re-say it to say it, like, extremely straight to the point. Here are the top five reasons why you're still fat. Number one, you eat too much  food. Stop blaming your metabolism. Stop shoveling food in your mouth and calling it balance. Number two, you don't move enough. You sit down all day, you drive everywhere, and then act confused while you still have a little mummy pouch. Get your  to the gym, get off your butt, and go for a walk. Or could do something. Number three, you're straight up lazy. You've got time for Netflix, got time for scrolling, going out for dinner, but you don't have time for a 45-minute workout. Come on now. Number four, you can't be bowling meal prepping. You just wing it every day and then blame consistency. Consistency isn't the issue. It's laziness. And number five, you cannot say no. Every snack, every invite, every meal out, you fold like a deck chair every time. Here's the truth. You're the problem. That's also good news because if you cause it, you can also... Oh, yeah. So that was what I was going to say. With your captions, Instagram now goes off keywords. it doesn't go off hashtags anymore. It goes off keywords. So especially in that first line, but in the caption itself, man, try and explain what you're talking about in the video so it can figure out who it should be showing it to.
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then again, for all of these, man, add in a coaching CTA.
josiah: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: DME coach. One-on-one coaching, for content, that's probably the easiest one. the good thing about stories of the type format is you can just attach that link straight to it. You know, if I can, you know, want to apply, click the link below.
josiah: Yeah, I threw up too, I threw up too this way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, honestly, with that as well, man, like, I don't use the type, the application forms anymore. But I feel like for the CTAs, they actually do seem to work better on the stories. Like, when you run ads and stuff, like, the message works fine. But when you're doing it to your organic following, the application form seems to be the go.
josiah: So, it's just, so when you're running, can you explain that? I didn't get that last bit, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, well, this will work in your favor anyway, because you don't like DMs. But, like, I've noticed that when running, you know, CTAs to my...
josiah: The store for direct offer.
Kyle Musca: The application form from when I used to do it seems to work better than, you know, the message prompt now. On organic.
josiah: For ads, it's fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah, then they go and fill out the application form and you just  call. It's kind of the only way to run ads is, like, when they fill out the  applications form and you try and call them and no kind of picks up. It's  annoying. So, yeah.
josiah: Yeah, okay, I got that. Rather than, or what about the sticker? Like, click the  sticker.
Kyle Musca: Well, the stickers app's great because it's easy, but then you'd have to message off the back end of that.
josiah: Whereas if it's just the, if it's the application form, they fill in their details and you just call them directly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A bit of both. You know what Both fine. Both work.
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The more content we can get out right now, the better. And then I get. Focus on referrals, focus on internal, get your community, start building the community. Yeah, I think you definitely have clients lying in the grass of the referrals if you can add that personal touch with them.
josiah: Yeah, I feel you.
Kyle Musca: Matt, any questions on any of that stuff?
josiah: Pretty straightforward, mate. It's just  getting it done and executing on it, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome, man, yeah.
josiah: Yeah. It's just simply doing the  work. Yeah. It's just been a bit of a crazy week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You have ups and downs. That's normal. Unfortunately, part of running business. Mm Mm-hmm.
josiah: Mm Mm-hmm.-hmm.-hmm. Mm-hmm.-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Mm Yeah, that's just where consistency comes into play, man. Like, just  doing the non-negotiables of content, speaking to your clients, everything like that to give as much opportunity as possible for you.
josiah: Yeah. Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Is there anything else you want to touch base on, man?
josiah: Just one more thing. Like, when are you running ads?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Meta's just gone for a new update. It's called the Andromeda update, which means that, like, you're probably not going to like this.
josiah: So does that mean that, or, like, the Advantage Plus settings, I've heard that those are  way more dialed in now?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Usually when Meta's recommending something, it's usually  .
josiah: Yeah. Hit me.
Kyle Musca: It basically goes off, like, quantity. Quantity, right? So when you create a campaign, it's like a big pool of  people. And then within that big pool, there's sub pools. So it's like, if you're interested in fitness, there's people that are interested in weight loss. There's people that are interested in getting better at the  sport. There's people that are interested in, you know, clothing and Gymshark and  like that. So like has to grab the content and test those different pools to figure out, you know, which one's going to hit and perform, which angle is going to work. Like, um, but to do that, it needs a lot of different quantity of actual creatives to try that. So, um, that's like literally like a two week update. Like they did that very recently. So, um, I wouldn't touch them until we get your organic stuff firing properly. Cause you need to look busy as well. That's the other thing, man. You need to look busy. So even when you're working, you're doing client  check-ins and all that , put that  on your story.
josiah: Like look busy. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, someone who's like really good. You know Kate Robertson at all? Yeah, Kate is very good at looking busy, man.
josiah: Yeah, he's working with that race fella, isn't he?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I mean, I don't know if they're still working together, but Kate's just always been very good at looking busy, man. Like, I've lived with the guy. Yeah, I know that he's pumping it with Lily at the moment, but like, from an outside perspective, you'd always think he's doing well when, like, back then. He's doing well now, but like, back then, man, he was like,  broke and in debt and , like, pulling out that thing, but still looked busy, you know what I mean?
josiah: Mm, mm. Absolutely, yeah. Like, putting up on the story, the daily schedule, the daily ritual, the daily schedule, working with clients, doing client check-ins. Yeah, big day of check-ins ahead. I've seen that one a bunch of times.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Big day of check-ins ahead.
josiah: join the team. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Look at  Rachel. She's down seven kilos in seven weeks. Want results like this? Hit the sticker.
josiah: Just  getting on the front end of it, top of mind. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because, like, if you're doing check-ins, man, like, there's no reason that you can't. Every time you see a , you know, client's lost a good amount of weight, chuck that up on your story. You know what mean? Every time you see a weight, chuck it up on your story. Every time a client sends you a text, man, I'm  loving it. Absolutely killing it. Chuck that up on your story. Like, I'll even ask loaded questions like, you hey, brother, how's everything going? Like, you know, have you had any wins this week? Something like that. text, they'll reply back with a  win. Screenshot, chuck it up on your story. You know what mean?
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, look busy, try and share all that. The more social proof you can get on this story, or in general, even, like, better.
josiah: Yeah, it's definitely something I need. To get on top of.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Social proof especially. Like there's nothing more powerful than social proof. You take a screenshot of saying like joining you was the best thing I've ever  done. I'm so glad I did it.
josiah: Like that's huge. I've got  loads of it too. I've got whole folders in my photos albums of like at least 50 transformations and heaps of good texts and screenshots. And like I've got all of that saved.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, like that's 50 videos. could go back there for that. Act for transformations. Be like , you know, even I did on my story the other day. People say you can't  cut fat and build muscle. That's . Here's how you can do it. This is what I do with my client. You know, if you're keen on doing the same thing,  message me.
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I would actually post that as a, an actual reel. just did it on my story because I need to do a transformation post.
josiah: like,  it, I'll do it. But yeah, I just feel like sometimes I was like waiting for my. I don't don't I My new organic content system to be pumping before I start really dialing it in, because at the moment, I feel like my current audience has been bled dry a little bit, but I'm probably wrong about that. You know, I've probably got a lot of people on watching the stories that would be potential clients, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that and like, man, you can't overdo social proof, you know what mean? Like this guy, you've probably seen him.
josiah: All he does is This, this , honestly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But all he does is social proof, man. Like, you come on here and like, you're like, , man. Yeah. Um.
josiah: How does he  get such great results?
Kyle Musca: Uh, they've got a process where it basically like, calculates how much weight they lose in the time, and then like, just goes extremely hard on it. Like, hardcore. Low-calories, hard cardio, and everything like that.
josiah: It's just dialed the  in and then churn it out. Love it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But, like, at the same time, man, like, he'd get a lot of volume of clients for what he's doing.
josiah: You know what mean? Just spend 10K a week on ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But, like, man, you come to his store, you instantly see. You come to his profile, you instantly see. It's just a big  social-proof board is what he's used his page as. And that's all he does. Like, he does these -talking ones. Which, you know, he'd run these as ads with that kind of  content. All right, we're talking sit the  down. Class is in session. He's got a super-unique  way of going about it, you know?
josiah: It's just, I love it. I love the bullying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but, like, he's marketing to dudes, you know what mean? Then you see his actual content. Like, again, even him, man, he's got  129,000. And he's doing his talking heads.
josiah: You know, he's only getting 100  likes. I think he's getting some more here, I guess, but it's to tell when he runs his ad and when he doesn't.
Kyle Musca: But he's  talking in camera videos and social proofs, that's all he does. You know what saying? So if you've got 50 transformations, then I would  pull them up and I'm doing like  five a week. And then in 10 weeks' time, man, you just  start from scratch.
josiah: People have got... Some form of daily social proof. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if people can see you're working hard, like they'll have more trust in you as a coach.
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. So, Dumb. Go, So anything else you want to chat about, man?
josiah: I'm pretty right, bro. I'm pretty right. I'm just going to focus the next few days on decompressing from the week and we'll execute again hard on the Monday. going up to Brisbane this weekend, having a family time. So, yeah, we'll execute again on the Monday.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. And honestly, I would even like, if you've got the drafts there, wouldn't even be afraid to like edit them, schedule them basically, and you just like tap the button on the weekend because, man, like a lot of people would be in the same mindset where they're like, I don't want to post on the  weekend. So it's like you don't have that competition going.
josiah: Yeah, it's not really the posting side of it. Like that'll get done for sure. Like it takes 30 seconds to literally post a  reel, right?
Kyle Musca: If it's already drafted.
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So cool. All well, enjoy that, bro. And if you don't have any questions, just let me know. Otherwise, yeah. The other thing is I'll definitely touch base on the  referral things moving forward.
josiah: Yeah, like, yeah, send through the summary of our conversation and I'll chuck it all in the calendar and get it sorted and have a look at the forms and the documents you sent through. And I'll action all of that and get it done for next week. So, awesome.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. sick, man. Awesome, bro. Enjoy your weekend, man. I'm going to chat to you soon. Cheers, brother. Bye. Yeah.


>>> 12/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-19T04:58:46Z | id:102669481
People: Kyle Musca

Michael: So I don't, I don't think that's going to be more of a case of like me just doing it, obviously.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. Cool, man. So a couple of things I want to talk about. One is we'll review the content that's going to be, again, the core driver of growth. I don't want to spend every single session going over content, but I do want to touch base on it. We'll go through the, I also think it's a great time to run a Black Friday off of me and just to try and generate some leads. First and foremost, let's go through the check-in, man. So you've had one call, didn't close.
Michael: What was the scenario there? It was a like referral from one of the boys that I know and yeah, had a chat, like quick chat with him. And it was basically like a case of, he was like, oh, like I just like want to sit on it for a bit.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Did you get, did you, did you ask him what he wants to sit on?
Michael: Yeah. Yeah. Like we, like. Spoke about that. He didn't have any issue with the price, supposedly. As he said, he'd been with someone prior that charged basically the same. In terms of service, before we even got to the price drop, was kind of like, yeah, look, basically just asked him if he thought that everything that I went over, if he thought that actually would be valuable to him and would help him get from where he is now to where he wants to be. And he's like, yeah, bro, yeah, it sounds great. Like, drop, no real objection with the price, even when I, like, sort of almost directly asked him about it as well. It like, nah, bro, like, it's sweet. Like, it's just kind of like how I operate. Like, I just want to, like, think about it for a few days.
Kyle Musca: And I was like, yeah, okay. Was this guy fat? Or like, out of shape or anything?
Michael: Not really, no. Okay. He just wanted to get more jacked.
Kyle Musca: Right, okay. So, Need to Think About It stuff is a smokescreen rejection, man.
Michael: It's not a real objection.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Statistically, the only way they need to think about it is if they had more. More information. Time doesn't make decisions. Information makes decisions. So again, we'll get into the sales. don't want spend too much time on this right now. Him being a referral man, they should have been the easiest ones to close. So there's probably things we can look at in the sales process to get that.
Michael: Probably already new price coming into it if he's a referral as well.
Kyle Musca: So we'll definitely look into that. And I might even run you through the sales script either this week or next week, depending on how we go for today. Dialed in pump content. was different for sure, but committed to getting it done. So yeah, again, right now with content, we just want volumes. We want quality. Don't get me wrong, but we want volumes to be able to get more reps. The better you get, the more eyeballs you get on you. Again, we don't want a  post, but we do want to try and get to that. If we get to two posts a day, man, we're good. And that's just a consistency thing as well. So did you meet your goals? Yes. Sort of the details. Two coaching packages that we spoke about. Perfect. For the past three or four days, I've been averaging two to three, two to three, oh, like in terms of posting, two to three times a day. Yeah. Yep. Beautiful. It's coming up. Beautiful, beautiful. 12 posts, awesome. Some same reels, cool. Time blocking for content, yep. Sat in the car, shift on, oh, yep, yep. Sat in the car after a shift on a lead, Sunday film, six talking, yeah, awesome. So batch filming like that is definitely the way you go, man. Just keep them done. Took me about an hour, beautiful. So again, six pieces of content in an hour, man. Like, you know, if you've got plenty of time in your hands, like there's no reason you can't just pump that  out. Hour and 15. I'll get more succinct with this and more time-affected, more I do it, absolutely. Same with your action bits, film the majority of them on one day, edited them on another. Yeah, I just usually, mean, this is probably not the best way to go about it, but I literally just edit it before I'm about to post it. Um, feeling more confident using edits and everything like that?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, bro, like, I was, like,  around with it for hours trying to figure out why there was no sound. Yeah. And I was like, I can't be this retarded. And I'm, like, trying so many different things. And I was like, oh, , I'm just gonna have to ask.
Kyle Musca: have no idea what's going on. Yeah, anything like that, um, feel free to ask. Um, sometimes it's, you know, just a little bit, um, yeah, not placed well. So, do you post your reels just as reels? You don't put them on your feed?
Michael: Or, or do post just? Oh, no, they come up on my feed.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah. Okay, because it's been, yeah, you've been posting a fair bit. Come on, like, you're getting pretty decent traction on these. Um, 117 likes on that reaction video, which is fantastic. 103 on that. Beautiful. Okay, we'll come back to that. I want to show my screen for that. I'll quickly review it. Um, as of current, how to proceed and continue moving. Yeah. I think the voiceovers would do really well for you. Again, I don't, I'm not trying to get bogged down in content. I'll quickly review that with you. Yeah. But I think just your style, man, your vibe, and, you know, what you're going to like talking about, think the voiceovers are probably going to serve you well. And just, and they're, again, keep doing the reactions, keep doing them because they're, you know, already paying off in terms of good engagement. If you can have, you know, you're showing that you're actually knowledgeable on the subject, that's where those two pair really, really well. And, and you'll, you know, build that attraction and, and, then authority as well. Yeah. Six, had an absolutely horrendous day a few days ago. Just put my  together. It's been good since. That's really, that's why I like backlogging content is really good. Because you can go through a  day, you can get sick, can go on holiday, whatever you, you know, wouldn't do in the future. And that doesn't, you know, put a hold to things. Whereas if you're constantly chasing your tail with content, you can't really do that. Yeah. Top goals, continue pumping content through. Three a day? Yep. Have a strict schedule, check-ins, time blocking for content, find a message. Are you pretty decent with time management?
Michael: Relatively, for the most part. Yeah, like a few days ago, I a bit  up. I was so . I just, I had literally one job to do that day and I didn't  do it. And then like, I couldn't even, when I was at the gym, I didn't even want to be there because I was like, , I have to do all this  when I get home. Yeah. But yeah, for the most part.
Kyle Musca: Were you sick or was it just an off day?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Nah, I just, I just didn't do it, but like, I just didn't do it. Yeah. Yeah. You'll have days like that. Again, it's not a cop-out or anything like that. If you are feeling really, really  and everything like that, wouldn't suggest for like force filming stuff because it just won't come out very good. How I like, usually like to do it, man, is like, I go train and then I just film content straight after that, just so I can be highly caffeinated. Good, you know, get those endorphins pumping and everything like that. Nothing I can think of. Nothing I can think of. So better, which should remove sores, low-key, suck- and stories. Yeah, so that's probably the next thing we want to add on. Time management, a bit of a random week. A next things pop up. I had to attend a funeral to support one of my good friends. So played catch-up, but yeah. Okay, so those things will pop up again. That's why, again, as I said, consistency is so important for that because those things will pop up. For most people, it  them up completely. If we can have things going, it's like, cool, just post this and then continue on today.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Not yet. Nothing I think of. My videos are in like two days to really start. I didn't know how to start. If I could go back. Yeah. I mean, it's just the procrastination of starting something new in. One of the things to keep in mind with that is like when you start something new in, you're probably going to suck. So we're going to talk about stories. Probably going to suck to really get the stories up and running. You're consistent with it. The more you do it, like the quicker you get better at it. So, come on. Come Alright, sweet. So I'll share my screen. We'll quickly review your content. So, overall, getting good traction. There you can see on this, know, these are, again, more value-based and these are going to be more viral-based, as well as these. Yeah. Like, you can see that this did well, like, in terms of reach, 5,000. It was nice and sure it a trendy sound, which, you know, probably would have added to it. But I think, you know, again, this is how you should start these voice servers as well. Have the capturing, like, you know, visually engaging sort of thing. Like, if you're talking about quads and you've got quads like this, man, I'm going to listen.
Michael: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: And then to do this, you can do edits pretty easily. Sorry, voiceovers pretty easily through CapCup.
Michael: Sorry, edits.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then I would basically talk about what you're talking about. Keep in mind not to ramble. It's like any other piece of content. You know, if you're doing even breakdowns like these, you don't have to do full workouts like that. You could just do, you know, exactly basically what this video is, but just a voiceover version. Yeah. Number one is leg extensions. It's really good to build a rec fem, which is that big slug-looking muscle. And then even have some on-screen stuff that points to that.
Michael: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, again, really good example would be Ryan Drews. For muscle hypertrophy, as a muscle gain, then what does it mean? And, again, take away from these things. If people ask you questions and reply to it, you know mean? The most observant evidence say this has been me. What are the differences between these three leg press machines so that you can make sure that you're selecting the right one for you based on your goals, and what is the best technique to use when leg pressing for best muscle gains? Let's quickly cover this. Like that to you right there is like a fantastic content piece that I think you'd want to cover.
Michael: I wouldn't think of that off the top of my head.
Kyle Musca: But like I would come here and basically make a video, the exact same thing.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't do this. don't know what that is. The differences between each machine is simply just... Wouldn't do that. The only reason that works for him is because people already know who he is. resistance profile. Though for some individuals, the seated hip flex position in a leg press can limit knee flexion compared to squats. However, you are still... See an on-screen visual. Keeps the eye nose engaged. ...to achieve high degrees of both hip and knee knee flexion with all three. It's a decline like press... Which is what most people use. This will have the highest loading, or rather the most resistance in the length and position, so at the very bottom is where it'll be harder. This is my go-to choice personally, as the quadriceps have great leverage in the length and position. They're operating in Sarkomere Lake. The only thing I would say to add to, if you were to do something like this, is try and make it more visually, like, eye-engaging. So, as I said, add on-screen things, like if you're talking about flexion and everything, maybe you zoom in a little bit on the knee, add, like, a little arrow to the actual flexion, or maybe draw a line, you know, that basically shows that, essentially.
Michael: Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah, I'm not going to cover that, but, yeah, if you're going to do voiceovers, would, like, you know, come have a look at Ryan. It's exactly the kind of content I can see you making. And, again, keep in mind, the shorter the video is, the better. You know what mean? Don't try and, like, you can do full workouts and everything like that, but it doesn't have to be. can be, you know, on a specific subject. It's like, our pre-stroke vaults is now a creature who's vaulting for the biceps, apparently. Preacher girls are not as good as we originally thought they were for the biceps, aren't they? I'm not going to keep setting time right, come through, review that. Beautiful.
Michael: Any questions on any of that stuff? Nah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Now, the other thing is, whenever you're doing this, do you put these as prompts and polls?
Michael: Nothing, that's just a caption.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so when you go to post, you'll have two options, it'll be prompt and poll. The prompt will put this in the actual comments section. So right now they have to say open caption to see it, whereas if you say prompt, then it will just be at the top of the comments if someone opens the comments. Yeah, okay. The poll is to try and drive more engagement on it. So it will be in the same position, like you'll see, I think it's still active on this, hopefully. I don't know if it pops up on this. up it也可以. You can Um, um, Anyway, you can see, so this is, you know, at the very top of my thing. Let see if it's still there. Maybe it doesn't show on my phone. Yeah. So, so one, can you see this?
Michael: No, I can pull it off on my phone there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Essentially, you'll see, if you pull it up, at the very, very top of the comments section, you'll see my actual caption there.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you'll see the poll, like, no, half rep doesn't count.
Michael: That's a respect or range of motion.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I don't know if you can see how many responses that got, but for me looking at it, it's 6,328 responses.
Michael: Oh, yeah, I can see that.
Kyle Musca: Which means that, you know, that's 6,000 something, whatever pieces of engagement that's saying. into the algorithm, like, hey, a lot of people are engaging in this post, keep pushing it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, and that's something I would really try and encourage you to do, man, is try and get, like, start conversation in the comments section, right? And something I've started to do recently, one is you always want to kind of have, like, polarizing view. Don't be afraid to, you know, actually say your opinion. Because, you know, if no one cares, if no one has anything to counter-argue with, then, you know, you're not doing a very good job of creating content, essentially, right? People should have an opinion that strongly agrees with you, and those are going to be, like, your tribe of people. Those are people that really bought into you. And then there's going to be the people that completely disagree with you.
Michael: And they were never going to buy from you anyway, so it doesn't really matter. And ideally, you want these two people to come together in your comments and just  battle it out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right? Just back in five steps. And to follow on from that, what I've started doing is at the end of With videos, I'm just like, let me know your thoughts. You know what mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going to give you some helpful insight as to what's hot and what's maybe not as an online fitness coach. Lap four downs are a great start. I would, however, recommend you to use straps so we don't have it.
Michael: With this as well, did you just download straight off Instagram?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I've got on my app, to get rid of the watermarks, you don't really want watermarks in, I mean, it's Instagram, so it's probably not going to be the worst. But I have an app called, it's called like InstaDown or InstaSave or something like that. The one I have now is free, otherwise I did have one before, it like $3 a month. And basically, you just copy the URL from the post straight into it, and then it will download straight onto your phone without any watermarks.
Michael: Yeah, cool, easy.
Kyle Musca: About four arms is a limiting factor of the exercise. I have to do it normal? Let me write this back in Boston. So I'm going to give you some helpful insight as to what's hot and what's maybe not as an online fitness coach. Yeah, I mean, that's not a bad hook. I'd probably come from like, this dude's back is absolutely shredded, but is his workout any good? I'm going to review it and give you feedback. Yeah, okay. Lap pulldowns are a great start. I would, however, recommend you to use straps so we don't have our full... And then for stuff like that, try and point on screen. Even what I do in this situation is I'll take a screenshot of, like, you know, this, for example, so it doesn't move, so that you can, like, point at screen. The only problem here is, like, you will run in fatigue with, you know, grip strength, so I'd probably just advise you using some straps here just to really, you know, maximize, you know, back stimulus or whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Make sense? Because then you're pointing, which makes the eye go up there, and then it comes back down to you, and then it goes into the next thing, you know, and so you always want to keep it as visually engaging. Possible. And show people what you're talking about when you can. Yeah. There's a limiting factor of the exercise. This row hits the upper back as well as the lads, and you can tell as its elbows aren't fully flared out, but they're also not tucked in close to his body either. I personally would opt for something with their chest support just to make it easier on stability and also easier to load in future. Yeah. So, again, I would just point to things there. Yep. And then only recommendation I would say is you can add, like, by doing it on a bench, it's going to help to make a little bit stable, isolating the back and reducing risk of injury. Yeah, bent over rows could be slightly redundant as the elbows are in the exact same position as he rode earlier, making the two exercises very, very similar. Instead, I would choose one row where my elbows are fully flared to hit your upper back and traps, and then one row where my elbows are fully touched to hit your lats. So, I think... So, I think... This is great. Just make sure your form is tight like Christian when you're doing these and not swinging all over the place. I'm not a huge fan of Facebooks as there's a lot of effort you need to put into stability, which makes it difficult to load and progress over time. I would honestly just get rid of this exercise. The other thing is when you're, and again, you're pretty good at talking in continuation, but what I like doing is I like, I'll say a sentence at the absolute max. Usually it's maybe even half a sentence, right? Just so I can say things really clear, really straight, exactly in the tonality I want to say in, and cut out all the fat of what doesn't need to be in there. You know, when you talk continuously, sometimes there is like a little bit of fat. Again, you're quite good at it already. And that's not like a, like, usually I would say for most people, that's a rule. Like I would just say, just cut it. If you want to keep doing it like this, then that's fine. But just make sure you're always cutting the fat.
Michael: It's always very to the point. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: As a whole, it's not really necessary for this session. In my opinion, you only need one bicep kill, but if you wanted to do another one, some variation of a hammer kill like this one on the cables is a great choice. Overall, a very solid session, just a few minor adjustments I would make, but in saying that, this is obviously working for him. Again, good to say. What are your thoughts?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Please stop cheating. On your tricep pushdowns, I see far too many of you guys doing this little shrugging motion at the top of your tricep pushdown. What is that? Your triceps have one responsibility in this position, and that is to extend your elbow. When you're doing talking stuff like this, I know you probably did this after the work, so it's going to be a little bit more difficult. But if you can have, again, visual overlays showing what you're talking about. If you've got a video of you doing a tricep pushdown, pull it up on the screen and actually show what you're talking about. Yeah, okay, yeah. Anything else that isn't elbows. Any other bit of movement you've got going on, get rid of it. It is not helping you. You are compensating and you are making it easier for yourself. Instead, focus on keeping your shoulders slightly depressed. Keep your elbow tucked in by yourself. See, that's very hard to, like, even though you're pointing and stuff, it's very hard to actually visualize for someone who's not, you know, as experienced as you, if that makes sense. Because I always show someone with an actual visual piece. Yeah. So, and just focus on bending your elbow and extending your elbow. The only other critique I'd say on this is, like, the talking, the subject of, like, not cheating on, you know, form and everything is great. I think you probably made it a bit specific by talking about elbow extensions only, if that makes sense. Yeah. You know what mean? So, again, like, we don't want to niche down to the point where the video is only going to be, like, a very micro, micro segment of the audience.
Michael: You know what mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then... then... then... The reaction videos do clearly get the best engagement for you. Some of you are absolutely going to hate what I'm about to say, but you're the ones that need to hear this the most, so sit down, brace yourselves, and let's chat. It is going to be very, very difficult. So again, you could try it to the point where you cut it there, but again, you're talking good in concession. For you to hit your fitness goals and even progress past it if you are constantly trying to switch up your meals. Someone had to say it. Someone had to say it. Your body favours consistency, not to mention the variety of meals just increases the amount of time it takes you to prepare your food week to week, increases your grocery bill, and just adds more friction in between you and arguably the biggest domino that stands in the way of you achieving your goals. Some of you are absolutely going to hate... No, good. I'm going to be writing this leg day by Felicia and giving you some helpful insight as to what's hot and what's maybe not as an online fitness. Cool. I mean, that's serious. Also, that's the other thing. When you're going to do something like that where it is a serious, man, like you can continue doing it, mention that because that's a reason for people to keep following along.
Michael: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know, if you want more feedback like this and make sure to follow along, whatever you end up saying. Yeah, okay. So it's like, always just keep in mind, like, how can you direct them to put more engagement on you? Whether that's check the captions, whether that's save this video, whether that's, you know, follow because I'm going to be posting more. You know what mean? What are your thoughts? So you comment down below. Like, always try and think of how can I get this person to engage on my content more? Not just watch it, but actually, like, take an action on it.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then, you know what you might even want to do is a good way to start conversations is like, you If you want me to order your workout, shoot me a DM, and I'll give you a free workout order or something like that.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And one thing that really worked for me back in the day, so again, that's another thing, try and engage with your followers as much as possible. Start, you know, public conversation with them, because then people will see that you're conversating with them, and they'll want like a little bit of the, you know, a little bit of attention as well, I guess, right? One thing that really worked for me back in the day is I started off by reviewing really famous people's physiques, you know, their strong points, their weak points, where they could improve overall what I give their physique, right? Like David Lade, like all the big names. And then it actually turned into reviewing followers' physiques, and I would like publicly review, you know, a followers' physique, for example, obviously. But I would get like, you know, if you want me to do yours, send me a DM, and whatever. And I would get like  thousands of messages from people just like going hard. Hard because they wanted to, you know, get a physique review. Yeah.
Michael: You know what mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Beautiful. Come on. Any questions on the content side of things at all?
Michael: Nah, what you said makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. Let's check this real quick. Look at the size of those cores. I'm going write this leg day and give you some insight as to what's hot and what's maybe not as an online fitness coach. That's so good. Firebell squats are a great lower body exercise. Two sets of two reps. However, in his own words here, he overshot the weight. As if you were to do this, you'd ideally be looking to hit at least a five to six rep range. Yeah, cool. I would talk about how it's just very extremely low volume. Enjoy doing RDLs. I think they're a staple hip hinge. Now, if your main goal is to grow a massive pair of legs, again, we'd be looking to hit ideally the five to six rep range minimum. Thank you. Thank Now on to Leg Extensions, a great exercise for training the quads and the RecFem too, which doesn't actually get hit in your squatting patterns. Now, if you really wanted to maximize growth, I would actually put this in the beginning of the session before our squats. I love these seated hamstring curls. Again, like RecFem is kind of technical babble. Like a lot of people aren't going to know what RecFem is. Solution is just like great for hitting the RecFem, which is, and then just have like a little, like an actual graphic overlay of, you know, the physique diagram. Yeah. His physique, your physique, or like an actual just diagram. And it's like this big middle muscle that, you know, whatever. Yeah, okay, yeah. as advanced as I'm to show. Lifter, you definitely can afford to stretch your rep range out to about 6 to 8 to allow for margin for error. And some cards to finish. I'll just chuck in another set here as most people lack cards and they don't really get any major stimulus from the other exercises in your leg day. Very solid leg day overall. I would just increase the rep slightly as we get. I think also with these men, like, you're trying to be, I guess, nicer, which is good, which is definitely good. You never want to come from a hater's angle, like, avoid negativity altogether. But I would, you know, honestly give this guy a review. Like, obviously, this guy's physique is  amazing. However, like, the volume is extremely low. This is more of a strength-focused workout. And, you know, for the majority of people, they're not going to be conditioned for it. And it's also going to mean that their joints take a lot of load, which can, which will cause problems in the future. Yeah. Because that's, now it's getting more polarizing. Like, the guy, and then people will argue about it. Like, yeah, but his physique's  sick. What do you know? You know what I mean?
Michael: Like, you want people to start arguing about it. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense? Cool. Super. Now, in terms of the stories, the stories are quite important to, realistically, man, like, the feed post stuff, the real post, that's to try and get more engagement in terms of new followers and eyeballs onto you. The stories is where you can engage with those eyeballs because feeds and reels and stuff, it does show your followers, yeah, but it tries to push it down into the algorithm to get you more followers, essentially, right? Yeah. Whereas the stories is like only your followers see that. You your stories don't get to random people. So, and this is a great time to, one, build a connection with them, but also, you know, start putting CTAs and start doing things so they actually like, you know, have an understanding of how to reach out to you, right? Mm-hmm. Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Have we spoken about, we didn't speak about like story stuff last week, did we? Nah. Okay, cool. Cool. So, what I've got, man, is, and, and do you use Notion or anything like that? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, cool.
Michael: So,
Kyle Musca: Let's just do organic, see if that pops up. I've got too many of these.
Michael: Let's just see what this is.
Kyle Musca: No. Yeah. Yes, cool. Here we are. Cool. So there's different types of CTAs that you can plug into your story to start conversations, right? And that's really what you're trying to do with these. You are trying to do some hard CTAs. Don't get me wrong. We'll talk about that. about Thank you. Thank Thank you. But you're also just trying to conversate with people so they can, one, build a relationship with you and they can feel more comfortable, plus also start supporting you a lot more as well because they can see that you're a real human. And really, so I'll talk about this and I'll bring up an example later, but the first and foremost one is just a direct CTA, yeah, direct hard CTA, which, and I always do this on like a Sunday or a Monday when people's motivation is at their highest and they want to start something new. So it can be, you know, between one to three stories, essentially, and it can be like, you know, I'm looking for five guys looking to strip 10 kilos of weight over the next three months. If that's you, DM me the word shred, for example. That's a one-story one. I would try and expand it and build like a little bit more of a story. So what I've done for this is I've actually started like, , get out of here. Let's see. Media, it's hot. So, stuff like what Kalani did the other day, I just screen record them every time I see them now because they're good examples. In a few weeks, I fell in love with the process. In a few months, I felt more confident and started receiving compliments. In a few years, every aspect of my life and improved my fitness became my passion, right? So, it's like using his transformation right there, which is great, plus telling a story of how it actually benefited his life. And then, next one, your dream physique is right around the corner. You just need to put the right system in place to get there. Swipe up this story with Ascend and let's change your life together. So, this is the hard CTA. Yeah. So, there's two ways to do it. Maybe you can do DM or you can just do, you know, click the link, apply for coaching, and let's get this done. I think from my... Experienced men, I think the application form works better when you're doing it to a more personal level, right? So, and it feels a little bit more serious, right? You get serious applicants. Yeah. I would probably do, click the link, apply for coaching, and let's change your life or something like that.
Michael: And then just add the link here. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You can do a mix. You can do whatever. Try them out. They're both good, right?
Michael: Does it make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So that's a two-story one. This guy, the School of Hard Knocks, I'm sure you've seen him before. Yeah. He's really good at doing them. So, you know, I'd follow him and actually take a good look at what he does. Guys, I built a multi-million dollar business at 23 because billionaires showed me shortcuts. School never will, right? So it's like, guys, I can just relate it to physique, you know? Let's have a look at what he goes with this. Let's go. On November 18th, next Tuesday, I'm doing something insane. I'm hosting Billionaire Day, three live calls with three billionaires. On the live calls, you ask your questions to the billionaires. Now, let me introduce the three-bit, and then he goes through to actually show. But essentially, like, it's a three-story build-up, right? Yeah. I mean, it's like, I guess in that sense, it would be the, I guess, the dream outcome. And I built a multimillion-dollar business at 23. I built a, you know, I've helped coach over 100 different men into their dream physique because I, you know, again, this is off to the top of my head, because I invested in coaches that actually taught me the proper strategies or something like that. Now, he's not doing a hard seat here. He's doing more of a lead magnet thing where they're going to get him on a call, and then they'll sell him into the actual program after, which is great, but it's probably a little bit more. Advance for what we're doing right now. Let's see if I have, you I've interviewed 31 billionaires in the last 44 years, and I'll be honest with you, billionaires are the reason I became a millionaire at 23. However, most people never meet a billionaire, so next week on November 18th, I'm doing something, and it's, again, promotion of the billionaire day. Another good one. Outbound closing, self-setting. Oh, wait. Let's do the next one. They hit you with, let me think about it. Then they go, see, here's what's really happening, right? So you're training five days a week, but you're not seeing results. Here's what's really happening. Again, you change it to whatever, but you offer the solution. Not the solution, you're giving information value, right? You're giving them an understanding of what the problem is. But then there's a way to fix it, right? I'm going say, I've very specific framework to allow me to get them to, you know, admit they're actually, you know, I've designed a very specific framework that, you know, gets guys better results in less time, X, Y, Z, whatever. And I made a quick eight-minute video breaking it down. So this is something I do want to get into with you in future because I think you'll be good at this, doing, like, more presentation stuff because you get people on, you know, basically, if they're going to consume an eight-minute long video of you, they're one day got high intent because they're clearly struggling with the problem and you've got the solution and now they're really bought into you. But, again, for this, you might just do a direct CTA, right? Yeah. I've coached over 100 men and completely changed their life. If you want to be next, deem me the word, whatever.
Michael: Right? Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that is hard CTAs. I would do them twice a week. Now, what I do is Monday, Sunday, Monday, I do
Michael: That more storytelling type vibe.
Kyle Musca: And then Thursday, I'll do more of a client transformation type video. Yeah, right. Okay, yeah. Not video, sorry.
Michael: Client transformation post.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Again, that might just be, this is what Darren achieved in 12 weeks. If you want to be next, DM me. Or it can be like, here's the problem. Here's how I fixed it with Darren. If you want, if you need a hand, DM me that.
Michael: You know what mean? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, and then with Notion, what I would do on that is create a tab. Maybe it's a content tab, however you want. Maybe it's just a reminder tab. And then have like weekly reminders, you know. Monday, do hard CTA. Tuesday, do questionnaire. Wednesday, XYZ. Thursday, do hard CTA.
Michael: Friday, do a sticker poll, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Have these actually like broken down because you really need to be consistent with them. Now story polls, sticker tabs. Thank you. Q&As, right? These are really, really good to start the conversation off in the back end, right? So the reason for that is because they're very, very low friction, right? So I would do this, you could probably do them two times a week if you wanted to. Um, you can, I would do more than just your two core ones. Like don't always just do it to try and, you know, sell off the back end of it. Sometimes just do them to get engagement and do them to, you know, get your audience more comfortable with actually doing stuff on your stories, if that makes sense. Yeah. You know, I got two tubs of pre-workout, which flavor are we going with?
Michael: You know, it doesn't have to be an actual sell off the back end. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I know what mean. Yep. Um, cool. Now there's different ways you can do about this. And this is why I say like actually start posting it because like you get more creative the more you do it. Um, but there's things like, well, one, the questionnaires are fantastic. I really like the questionnaires because you. We'd like, you know, going to answer three to five of the, again, be creative, but got some time this afternoon, going to answer three to five questions around training, hit me, right? And then anyone that messages you, like adds a question on that, you reply on your story. So you actually do a video reply to show the value of, you know, your knowledge base, right? You can actually give advice essentially. But then off the back end of that, man, like you've just had these guys basically start a message with you. You can just message them directly and make it a really nice personalized intro message, trying to give them value. And then eventually like, like see it into the, you know, have you ever thought about getting a coach just to help you, you know, actually get the best results possible. If that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So again, I'm not a huge fan of cold outreach. This isn't necessarily cold outreach because they've engaged with you.
Michael: They've given you permission to then start that conversation.
Kyle Musca: So, of course, you're getting your foot in the door. Now, you might do other things as well, like, you know, again, very generic off the top of my head. Who struggles with sticking to their diet because they don't meal prep? Me, and then you can, if you really want to, you can just double up. Me, 100% me.
Michael: Again, generic.
Kyle Musca: So, no matter what they press, man, like, anyone that's pressed on that poll, you just message off the back end. Be like, hey, man, like, I saw you struggling with, you meal prep. I just wanted to, you know, reach out to see if there's anything I can do to lend a hand. Like, what is it you specifically struggle with meal prep? Yeah. Again, very generic. Try to get more creative with that.
Michael: Cool.
Kyle Musca: And then stick a poll to taps, man. Again, different ways you could do this. You could basically tell a story like we did in the CTAs, right? Like, one, two. And then, like, I've got... About, you know, 15 minutes this afternoon, I'm going to give the first person that taps this sticker a free nutrition audit, right? And then what I would do after that is like five minutes after you post that story, I would be like, that's what's gone. I might, you know, you could even do a poll. Should I do another one next week? Yes, hell yes. I mean, if you wanted to. But essentially, you basically say that's what's gone. So it shows that, you know, people have to act quickly when they see that next time to actually get it, right? Exactly. But then, you know, they don't see that until after they've tapped the sticker.
Michael: So if you're on the staff, the sticker, you can just message anyway. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, you know, and then again, start the conversation, be like, hey, bro, the ticket, you know, someone got to the free nutrition audit first, but I thought I'd just, you know, sing out to see, you if there's anything else I can help you with, man.
Michael: Like, what's your current goal?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what mean? Like, these are really, like, these, you know, um, um, you So the thing with these is you actually have to do them, right? Like it's one thing putting the story up, but it's another thing actually messaging off the back end of it. Because if don't message off the back end of it, like the story was just pointless.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: So for you, man, I would aim for at least four stories a day. And again, they shouldn't all be around selling. You know, do some of your workout clips. Do some where maybe even just talk straight to the camera and just talk about whatever. Just give some value. Who, I just had a, like the other day, I was like, I had a client, I had a guy who actually joined coaching or whatever. And he was, you know, kilos and he was 21 years old. I don't know if you saw that story, but I was basically just talking about like , you know, he's going to ruin his life. Like he's going to wake up in 20 years and think what the  happened. You know, stop putting it off, stop making excuses, you know, do that . Because it's like, people can resonate with that. Yeah. You don't need thousands of people watching this. If you only get like one person who just like really engages that. And he's like,  yeah, like this guy's legit.
Michael: Like, you know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Instagram Lives, I mean, you might want to get into this. I don't usually do them, but they are a great place to just start a conversation with someone. Every Wednesday, for example, you might do an Instagram Live where it's just a live Q&A where you just give out free advice. Maybe not many people join, but, you know, and again, that's something you'd have to do consistently. Like the first time, you're probably not going to get many people to join at all. Maybe it will build with time. Yeah. Now, client testimonials and transmissions. You can do this as stories. You can also do this as actual feed posts and content, which I very much recommend you do. Basically, this is just the other side of the CTA, a hard CTA. So I do a hard CTA Monday, I do a hard CTA on Thursday, but it's more about a client testimonial or transmission. In saying that, it's more so usually about a transmission. Testimonials, every time someone says something good to you, screenshot that and put it
Michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what Social proof is the most powerful factor to get someone to build trust. Well, I mean, referrals and stuff are probably more powerful. But like if you're going to just like overload social proof, man, like people are going to be like so bored into you. And that's why I'm sure you've probably seen like Physique Factory, right? That's why he's got such a big business. It's just purely built off social proof and just spitting out crazy transformations at rapid pace. And people are just like, holy . Like, how is he getting so many of these? He probably has a ton of guys in the background that cannot keep up with the aggressive style that they do. But he only needs, you know, a few of them to pull through and get a crazy transformation. And he just markets them.
Michael: Yeah, I see. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, and the other thing about social proof is like, if you can get it to relate to the client that you want. So it's like, let's say you get the perfect client avatar as a social proof. And, you know, this is Darren. He's a trade. He's a 32-year-old tradie. He's working 12-hour days on the tools, and we got him to lose 12 kilos in 12 weeks, right? Michael, who's a 35-year-old plumber, he's going to be like, wow, you he did it for Darren. He can do it for me as well.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so it's like, it's proof that you've done it for someone like them.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, combine these. Maybe you do a testimonial, and it's like, what results like these? Yes,  oath. You know what mean? Hey, Rose, I you, you know, messaged, you know, tapped on that sticker pole. I thought I'd just reach out, see if there's any advice, like anything I could do to land a hand.
Michael: You what are you currently doing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, so it doesn't necessarily have to be hard. Chop and change these. These don't always have to be, I guess, linear. You can, you know, cross-feed these across different things and use them for different things.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Freebies and lead management. Do you have any, like, free resources you can give away?
Michael: Um, I made like a, like a small recipe book when I was with Cade. Um, that was like a lead magnet thing that we did back then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, um, you could do, again, you could do, um, one, they're always good. Like if you do a nutrition, uh, that was the other thing I forgot to mention on this. It's client testimony, especially a transformation event. Use any good transformation you use, you get, you should be trying to like market the  out of it. Um, so one thing I personally really like doing is these style of videos. Um, I'm not going to play them right now, but like I'll play the style. Have you seen these?
Michael: I haven't watched them yet.
Kyle Musca: So basically all these are meant is I just talk about a topic point. So it's kind of like, it starts like a talking to head video, but then I use that as like how I. I. You know, did that with my client, the result he achieved. So, what want to speak about is how much, extremely common, one thing I never hear anyone speak about is how much bigger you look, the leaner you are. Which kind of goes against the grain because you think that the heavier you are, the bigger you look, but that's the furthest thing from the truth. The reason for that is because when you're leaner, your muscles are obviously going to be more defined, which creates the illusion that you look much larger than you are. Like, if you take a look at one of my clients, Jack, there's only a seven kilo difference between these two. You what mean? So, like, talk about that point and then, like, you know, this is what happened with my client. But I'm just, like, throwing in a client transformation so everyone's seeing that. Right? If I just said, like, have a look at my client, Jack, he's lost seven kilos in  whatever, people would be like, I don't care. Yeah.
Michael: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, it's a really good way of, like, sneaking in a transformation there. How many, like, good transformations do you feel like you have?
Michael: Um, got quite a couple at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would go back through. Like all your old ones, doesn't matter if they're not a client anymore, I would go back through and I would just like  make a video on every single one of them.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: More videos. can do more than one on one. I mean, because if you have, let's say you have 10, right, you post one a week, 10 weeks gone by, guarantee you no one's remembered the first one.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, and you can post them on your feed and reel so more people actually see them.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, freebies, lead magnets. So, example, feeling generous today. The first three people that tap this sticker, I'll send through, you know, a free recipe cookbook, a free fat loss cookbook. You know what mean? Yeah. Anyone that taps that sticker has at least some sort of interest in dropping fat, right? Yeah. You know, lead magnets work really, really well because if you use them well, they work really well. Because, you know, everyone is very stingy with how they go about things. They don't want to give things away for free. And realistically, like, man, we live in the information age. Like, don't gatekeep information. People aren't buying information from you. They really want it. They can go to YouTube. They can chat GPT it, whatever. The information is out there, right? What this does is it gives them something that they can actually use, which is valuable, right? And it also, you know, it starts the conversation with them. But if they were to think about getting coaching, man, like, who do you think they're going to go to? Well, you know, Michael already gave me this, you know, cookbook, and it's helped already. And it's going to trigger the rule of reciprocity, which basically means because, you know, you've given someone something, they then feel obligated to give you something in return. Yeah. And I've never really thought about getting a coach, but, you Michael did give me this cookbook, and it actually has helped.
Michael: So maybe a coach would be a good idea. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, with all of these things, man, don't expect it always existed. Translates straight into a sale. For example, when I had, you know, I put something up like weeks ago, months ago even, about something to do with coaching, like coaches, you know, advice to coaches or something. Or no, that's what I did. I did a questionnaire and then he replied and I replied on my story about it. And then he like said, thanks so much, whatever, whatever he said. And then I never saw that. But then like I was reading through, I put another story up about, you know, yeah, it was just a photo of me the other day saying, if you're a coach, like, you know, actually provide value and , whatever the  I said. And then he's hyped up and he's like, oh, do you offer business coaching and everything like that? So it's like, cause I've given him that value in the past, man, like he, you know, and nothing ever came from it. He obviously saw that as an opportunity to like, oh, you know, and then reached out.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that's why it's so important to do these things consistently because it's not always going to end up in, you know, an immediate sale. But a few weeks, a few months go by, then these guys may come around and they'll come back to you.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So yeah, freebies, lead magnets. You know, every day I hear so many guys struggling with tracking their calories or not sure what calories they should be eating. Again, you could do two things here. made it for a calorie calculator. Want me to send it through? Yes, ho, yes. Or want me to calculate? That's a good one. Want me to calculate calories for you? Yes, ho, yes. You know what mean? Again, that's a poll. It's sort of both, I guess. It's a freebie. a lead magnet. it's a poll.
Michael: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. Educational carousels. Stories post. So these are kind of like the CTAs, man. These are another thing you can post on your feed. So the feed ones. ones. Always have an opportunity to get more reach, which is always beneficial, and stories should be your closer followers, so it's a good mix. But a good example of this, do you do much carousels, carousels, carousels?
Michael: Not really, no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's another form of content I'd get into for you, man. A good example of this would just be something like this, man. And it may be even good to pin it like Adam has pinned it, where it tells a bit of a story of his upbringing, you what mean? Oh, I won't go through this properly now, you can come back to it. Yadda, yadda, yadda. Since then, I've been able to help hunt thousands of people. DM me fat loss, I'll you 10 recipes to help me get started.
Michael: You know what Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I started playing around with it again. I haven't posted that many carousels, I should probably get into it more. I just don't ever really take photos. And I didn't, you know, I didn't, Want to do anything crazy with it. Full day of eating for maximum gains. then literally all it was, was just a  workout. And then at the end, one of a free 12-week program, comment program, I'll send it over.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So it doesn't have to be anything crazy. And again, first time I've ever really posted a carousel in ages, if ever. Didn't do that well. I'll keep  refining it. I mean, don't just get discouraged because it doesn't work once.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And this, again, this is more of a, like that one specifically was more of a value type thing. And I just want to see if it would work to actually run as a lead magnet and put some paid ads on it.
Michael: So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. Yeah. So you can do educational. So it might be like. Maybe the five, the five biggest fat loss myths. Most people get wrong. Number one, number two, number three, number four, number five. So if you're struggling to lose weight, damn me,  weight loss. Yeah. You know So either educational or tell an actual story. You know what mean? When I was 16, I was, you know, had no confidence, yada, yada, yada. I started the gym. Since then, I've been able to help hundreds of people, XYZ, CTA. Make sense?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of that stuff at all?
Michael: Nah, bro, that actually does all make sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. I will send that to you as well, so you can come back on it. Now, the other thing is, two things we could focus on now. We've got five minutes, so let's power through. One is then with Black Friday around, I would definitely run offers around that. Thing is, with these kind of, you know, offers, you need to push urgency and scarcity a lot. So, real estate... You might be like, I'm taking on, for the first eight people, I'm taking, for the first eight people to join, I'm going to give it an extra month of coaching absolutely free.
Michael: You know mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. When you run offers and you run these marketing campaigns, man, it's really, really important to constantly be pushing it. So it's like, you know, maybe, you know, let's say you did a post today or a story today, running a Black Friday offer, the first eight people to join, I'm giving you a month free. And then tomorrow, already had two people join yesterday, there's only six spots left, do not miss out. Day after that, five spots left, make sure you join. Day after that, three spots left, day after that, two spots left, day after that, one spot left. You know, constantly keep showing that, even if people aren't signing up, constantly just keep pushing that urgency, you know what I mean? People get massive FOMO. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I would definitely form a bit of a... Black Friday offer, and just go ham on that. Right. And even, you know, again, put it in the, on your actual post, you know, because I know you're doing the CTA on every single post, be like, guys, there's only six spots left to join the Black Friday offer. If a keen DME Black Friday or something like that.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what Still the CTA you're looking for, but yeah, hopefully.
Michael: Makes sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, it does. Cool, bro. Sweet. Awesome, Yeah, that was a fair bit. Any questions on any of that?
Michael: Nah, bro. It's all pretty, pretty straightforward to me.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Beautiful, man. So, yeah, if you can keep pumping the, the reels as you are, and now it's adding the CTAs and the stories, because you need to give, marketing, man, people, like, mass amounts of people, they're just  stupid. They're stupid. You have to give them very clear directives of like what to do.
Michael: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Click this link, apply. Tap this  sticker poll. Tap this sticker. You know, you have to give them really clear directions, otherwise they won't do it.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, throwing them in there. And then next week, what I reckon we'll do is probably go through the whole sales process and everything like that.
Michael: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Sweet, man. Any questions before we wrap up at all?
Michael: Nah, bro. I'm pretty sweet.
Kyle Musca: I appreciate it. Yeah. Sweet, bro. If you do have any questions through the week, just let me know. Otherwise, yeah, again, really just about consistency and building that foundation now. And then we'll start working towards some of the back-end systems once the front-end stuff's sorted.
Michael: Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Sounds good. Sweet, man. All right. Enjoy the rest of that, man. And yeah, keep to see how it goes. You too, bro. Thank you. See you, man. Bye.


>>> 13/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-19T06:47:58Z | id:102676350
People: Kyle Musca

jese Smith-shields: Good, Fath?
Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
jese Smith-shields: What's happening?
Kyle Musca: I'm just cruising away, man.
jese Smith-shields: How's your day been? Today's actually been a little bit cruisier. I put most of the calls over onto Maria and just been doing my sort of , which has been nice, actually.
Kyle Musca: Nice. Has she been back this week, has she?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, she has been. She has been. I'm probably looking at trying to get that new girl started as well.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Who are you? You spoke to her and everything?
jese Smith-shields: She seems all right. Yeah, yeah, no, she seems pretty keen on it. She's having trouble with downloading the NUI for some reason, which I don't know what it's about.
Kyle Musca: Okay, I'm not sure on that, but yeah, she, like, I didn't speak to her or anything like that, but she was  persistent on the follow-up, so that's a good sign. Cool, bro. So, just diving into this, man, like, you've got... 36 call booked, 34 taken, which is  a really good show-up rate. Like, that's insane. But only eight clothes.
jese Smith-shields: Like, what's happening there? We've had a lot of people get on with no money. Like, I took one. She was on Centrelink. So she was getting Fort Notley Centrelink payments. I took another one where she was a solo traveler, and she was over here doing her  farm thing. Maria's had a lot that was pretty much just couldn't afford anything. Like, some of them couldn't even afford the coaching deposit of $50.
Kyle Musca: Now, I would be really cautious with that, getting a new clothes on. Just because... How many calls have you actually taken?
jese Smith-shields: I would have to backtrack for you. But there was a fair few over the weekend. And... Monday, because they're- Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Out of the 38, is it like half, is it?
jese Smith-shields: I'd say it's probably about three quarters.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. I was going to say, yeah, because if it's, you know, Marini giving you that information, then I'd be like, take it off a grain of salt. Yeah. But it's just those numbers, because what's that? Is it close rate?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it's not high. I'm not too happy with Maria's close rate.
Kyle Musca: If I'm really honest with you. What's her sitting at?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, not much. It wouldn't be. If I pull up the notes, I think she's only heard about- I'll crunch that number and get to, but yeah, it's not much at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's definitely- When you're trial a new closer, you definitely want to know the close rate on that. Just because, obviously, huge red flag, if they're not closing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Have you got her doing any training with Tommy or anything like that?
jese Smith-shields: Maria?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: No, she was already with Tommy. Was she not?
Kyle Musca: I don't think. I think she may have had one or two calls, but I don't know if she's invested personally through it or anything.
jese Smith-shields: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just because, I mean, like, even just to save you time of review, doing the call, and then you can just conversate with Tommy, but, like, you know, any feedback, like, honestly, is it worth keeping around, or should I find someone else or something, if you're not going to kind of review the calls, which can be  tedious, to be honest.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it is.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, it'll just save you time in our regard, as well as get her some training, so she tries to get, you know, more people across the line. But, yeah, the biggest thing there was just, you know, a lot of calls booked, just definitely good. I mean, it's good to say that eight new clients is, you know, not where we want to sit at. As an overall consensus, we're a lot of them just like  no jobs, poor type thing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, a big majority of them were, if I'm honest.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, what we can try, man, is. I just saw it. . That's the word. That's why. Cool. So. Let's go. Now, let's assess this real quick. So, we're getting 86% clicking through there, 77, 92, 78, so they're pretty good numbers, and then a 99 click-through rate, so 580 versus 706, so that's pretty good. So, just so it's on the recording, our initial, we've had 706 messages sent, out of that 86% click-through on the initial ManyChat message. From that, I'd roughly say about 85% are clicking through the second message, and then 99% of people are clicking through the third ManyChat flow. Okay, so we just want that on recording. Yeah. Now, what I reckon we do here, man, is, let add this, I'm to make sure this is. So we've got a really hard click through right there, which means that I'm confident that we could probably add this into it. So let's get this through to this. Let's go to this. Wow. Under 21, I guess they can kind of come up here anyway. No. Thank you. I'll them up just so I can put it up, more reference points. Would you say you get more people saying working part-time or more people saying are working to go part-time?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I get part-time, get students.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: I just don't know that working full-time's not as good, right? No.
Kyle Musca: I don't reckon that. Cool, so that's the qualified. Lead. Lead. Conversion API, can kind of stay the same. Get this. Now, what do you want to do here?
jese Smith-shields: Do you have a low ticket thing you can kind of try and sell by chat?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I do. Yeah, beautiful. That's cool. Same thing then. Now, this is just something you have to talk to Clement about. I already do this with mine. Yeah. Essentially, I have two different scripts for that. Okay. So, what is your low ticket offer?
jese Smith-shields: It's just the app access for a training plan, basically.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, basically... Now, I had a word with him yesterday, but I would definitely check with this because they weren't taking this one as seriously. But realistically, like, if you can get people on, like, $19 a week or whatever you end up charging for it, like, that will stack over time. Yeah. But basically, you know, it's like, same goal, struggle, and then, like, pre-fame. I don't usually work with, you know, girls working part-time because usually they're just, you know, whatever you end up saying, reword it, obviously. I would say don't take things seriously because I say students, such apprentice. You know, would you say you're actually ready to dial things in so you can lose 10 kilos probably? Just try and get them to commit to it. Okay, awesome. Based off everything you've spoken about, my whatever program. was going to see you best, have a look at this, and then you can check out the Loom. It's basically me doing a Loom run-through of everything that I'd actually get, try and get them a little bit more insight, if that makes sense.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, okay, easy.
Kyle Musca: Let me know once you've watched that. Cool, usually it's $59 a week, programming days tomorrow.
jese Smith-shields: If you're joining now, I'd do it for $19.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
jese Smith-shields: Here's the register.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's pretty simple. Yeah, no, that would probably work real well. Cool, and then not working is just, let me see, there. Yeah, so basically, they'll just go into that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Sorry, can we update that? Turn these things on. What I would also do when you've got... So time is come into this man and like break each one of these words down into a new trigger because then we, then we can see like which triggers are actually pulling through the most from us. Yep. So right now we can do, you know, Glow, for example, we can see how many runs have been through Glow. Oh, shoot, just because I need to take this off anyway. So. for example you know when you come in here you can go when it loads yeah you'll be able to go glow you can see it's been 171 times and you can see the actual stats on just that one yeah okay no that makes sense i'll do that too cool um beautiful so we'll see how that goes ideally we shouldn't with a click through right now like we shouldn't see that much cost per lead may increase just keep in mind you know we are qualifying a little bit harder now but like if your cost per lead goes from But like everyone getting on a call is like very highly qualified, they're above age, they're working properly, and this conversion API is sending that data back, then we should be fine.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, easy, easy.
Kyle Musca: It's all on. Yep, cool. Any questions on any of that?
jese Smith-shields: No, that's always pretty straightforward.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So yeah, we go.
jese Smith-shields: Again, we'll just have to see how we go in terms of numbers.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah, that's all I wanted to hear about that. How's, well, you didn't run a Black Friday offer, did you?
jese Smith-shields: No, no.
Kyle Musca: There might be something that you don't really need to, guess.
jese Smith-shields: You're getting plenty of call volume and everything. Yeah, I don't. I don't particularly want to.
Kyle Musca: What I would actually do, man, is, that's what I want to chat about, actually, is maybe run a Black Friday offer to expired clients.
jese Smith-shields: Only. You're okay.
Kyle Musca: So what I did this morning is, do you have GoHallaway? Yeah. Do you have a CSV with all your expired clients in it?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. So, let me get a revolution. So, there's this script. Basically, just been a minute since it's nice and personal. So, I'd get Clem A to do this.
jese Smith-shields: Like, she can log into GoHallaway. She's going to be doing it for me, so she should know how to do it to you.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Been a minute since we last spoke, since you're on the program. How's things been? Have you been staying on top of everything? If don't reply, specific follow-ups. So, the follow-ups are actually, like, made specifically for that message, so that all the follow-ups aren't just the same. Yeah. Oh, yeah. And then it goes in directions. if they say, yeah, what do you focus Focusing on the most at the moment. If they say no, not really, that sucks to hear, what do feel like you're struggling with? Again, follow-ups, message, eh? Nice, man, love to see you sticking with it. But if you guys jump on back on board recently, so I thought I'd reach out. I'll let you know I'm running a special Black Friday offer for past clients. So you'd say past clients only. But for this month only, I'm giving you a full month of coaching completely free, and anyone that jumps on also gets free access to my user challenge with over $8,000 worth of prizes.
jese Smith-shields: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: What mean? Sen, would you be keen to hear a little bit more about how that works? Seekhours, let's jump on the call.
jese Smith-shields: With your free month, how do you structure that out? In terms of? Like, are you obviously getting them to pay later, or are you getting them to pay up front?
Kyle Musca: No, they'll always pay up front. So, I mean, if they, let's say they sign up for three months, that's what I wanted to call on. you.
jese Smith-shields: Thank How would you structure that, assuming that pretty much all of my ex-clients were on weekly payments?
Kyle Musca: So that's what they're used to. So, I mean, you could just say, because how much were you charging? 115 or something?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that would all kind of vary from right from where I started, $75 all the way up to about $125 a week.
Kyle Musca: So, let's just say 115 times 12, $1,380 divided by 16, which is four months. So, I mean, it's still $86 a week. I mean, yeah, just to get your client base up a little bit more, especially through that period. You could also just say, especially on the calls, like, you know, we've been in massive demand. And if they're older clients, like, we've added, like, a lot to the actual programming and everything. Like that, just to increase rates. Actually, you know, now we charge $160 a week. So you're actually going to get a loyalty rate applied to anyway. So that's going to be, and we don't do weekly anymore, just because, you know, we've structured it now that a whole program is designed to take you from, you know, where you're at now to your end goal. It's not a weekly thing. So currently, like our three-month program is $2,000. But because, you know, you're an old, you know, previous client or whatever, you may even inflate that. It's now $2,500 because you're a previous client. That's actually only going to be $2,000. That would be for the three-month, but then you're also going to get entire new month of coaching on top of that. So you're actually getting four months of coaching for the price of three.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: If you wanted to split that up, you know, we could do, yeah, so we could just do $125 a week over the four months.
jese Smith-shields: So it makes sense. The easy cash flow. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, to that extent.
Kyle Musca: I mean, even like 105, for example, would be right as a loyalty rate times 16. So, yeah, usually with new clients, it's actually $2,500, but because you've already been on the team previously, with the loyalty rate applied, that actually brings you down to 1680. And, you know, if you wanted to, you get a whole month coaching free. You can cover it in three months, or if it's easier on you, we can just split it across four.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. No, that makes sense. I'll get that done too, then.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Yeah. I like that ID better. Yeah. So, yeah, I think that'd be, okay. Oh, yeah, that was it. I think I'm just going to show you. So, if you've got a CSV file with all your contacts and everything like that, we need... So is come into your go-helloval, and then go contacts, and then you go import, that's good. Then you'll go, yeah, contacts, next. You upload your file. I'm going to redo this, but just so you can see. Yeah. And then just map out the fields properly. So I can name, email, all that . And then it'll upload, right? It'll put all the contacts in it. And then all you need to do is, you'll be able to tag them when you upload them as well. So at the final step, you can tag all those contacts you're uploading. It's like expired clients as of, you know, November, 2025. And then all you need to do is go tag, tag is, so mine's from September, expired clients, 2025. And they come up here and 516 records of people to reach out of.
jese Smith-shields: True.
Kyle Musca: And then highlight them all and you can  go from there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. And that's something that you're getting in to do. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then you can create a smart list as well. So basically that's just all of them. And then, you know, you can do it to like, let's say 100, right? And then you could do a bulk SMS, send SMS. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: then... then... With that original message in. Sure. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then from Fathom, yeah, you don't need to worry about that, but yeah, send message, then bulk actions, and then you can, it will drip feed it out of the time, so I think she did it before. Bulk SMS, yeah, but she's already done it. And then you can see statistics, check the statistics as well, because this is what  me up, is, see, they're only just sent to three people. So something's clearly done wrong now, we'll have to chase her up after that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, if we go into Charlie, I'll go high level, that's slow, man.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Anything. Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, it's actually good that that  up before, because I wasn't ready for a percentage. Cool, man.
jese Smith-shields: Does that all make sense? Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: I can do that, too. Yeah. Even if you have any other, do you have any other client lists at all?
jese Smith-shields: I just got all my previous type form and everything like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could even do that, you know what mean?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just make sure, you know, you cross-reference. What I do in that situation is I'll, like, chuck that list into ChatGPT with, like, maybe a list of current clients, and I'll say, like, cross-reference these lists, and if you find any duplicates, remove them.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Just because you don't want to be messaging, like, you know, obviously current clients with an offer.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, that would hurt. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Explore clients, explain. Yeah. Yeah, inquiries would be another one to do that for. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Booked calls even, yeah. Booked that didn't convert. I mean, I guess you do that with the magic hat thing, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Did we speak about referrals much last week?
jese Smith-shields: did it. No, not particularly.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, so obviously you've already got a really good referral system in. What I've done this week is, actually, what do you use for check-ins?
jese Smith-shields: Just kahunas.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Can you, I'm not sure how the kahunas forms work, but what I wanted is, on the check-in form, oh, , this 's slowing down. So, on the, all my coaches check-in forms now. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah, that's fine, that's fine. And then right down the bottom above Submit, I've got a mate who's keen to get some coaching and delve things in, get them to fill out this application and reach out to them, run them through what's involved. So basically just make it super clear. The other thing is once you actually, once they submit that, I don't know if this is, you can do this on Kooners, it's basically the same thing. You know, while you're, you know, reminiscing on all the gains you've made, if you've got a mate who's coaching, send them this. Yeah, no, you can't do that. Yeah, I'll swing you $250. Basically what happens is they just send their mate this form, right? Full name, all that . And then next steps. And then that will just take them straight to a booking calendar and they can just self-book a call in.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, no, wouldn't be able to do that on Kahooners. I don't want to do that.
Kyle Musca: Can you add links?
jese Smith-shields: No, I don't believe I can. Let me, yeah, let me play around on that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because if you can add a link, then...
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, let me play around on that one.
Kyle Musca: I do like that idea, Yeah, just, because, like, I just wanted to make it super  clear and easy for someone, to refer a mate, and then there's no time lost.
jese Smith-shields: It's just, like, hey, here, and then booked in call. Yeah. There's no, like, sort of conversation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, they're already referred. They're already keen. You know, I need to change that now that I see that. Let me take a screen. Good minute.
jese Smith-shields: Does that make sense? Yeah, now it makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And then... Do you have a chance to read through those ad scripts?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I did. I did. We're probably just going to roll with Kiana's ads, obviously, because they're already created. I'll get them moving through there. We'll run through the whole campaign, challenge campaign with her, try and get as much pull away from that. And then in the new year, I believe I'll probably start shifting it to my profile.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, sick. Is it, how, with kahunas and stuff, man, can you set things up to be decently passive for people?
jese Smith-shields: Passive?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, like, because I want to start getting into more lead magnets type of stuff. If you, and even if you can... We'd run this through yours and Kiana's. Ideally, that would be the best scenario. But if you can say, like, basically sign up to maybe a free seven-day challenge or something like that, or a $7 seven-day challenge or something like that, and kind of, like, run that as a lead magnet.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah. Kahuna's is quite hands-on. So I did a $40 30-day reset challenge, and we had a lot of people sign up through that, and it was quite profitable within how it worked, but it was a lot of manual work on my end, and I probably wouldn't do it again.
Kyle Musca: I wonder if there's anything that you can do to, so the idea here is that it's super passive, because what you want to do, man, is, like, if it's short-term, then it can be free just to try and drive as many leads as possible through, or, you know, so for example. What I want to do in the new year is I want to do a $27 month, like four-week program, essentially, where mine's not as an automated, but essentially what that does is two things. One, it gets them into the app to actually play around with it and get them feeling things out properly. People are more inclined to want to keep something that they have than gain something that they don't have, even if they want it. And then two, and then on that, like when you have, you can pitch it as a check-in call, so the show-up rate should be really, really high. And then secondly on that, if they do want to sign up, they're already in the system, so it's like, cool. And theoretically, their card details should already be on file. So it's like, cool, you know, if you want to run with that, I can set that up in the back end and it's like no friction at all. You can just take the payment.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, no, it wouldn't be that simple as Gahuna's. Yeah, no, it would be very, yeah, the process within Gahuna. It would have to be through NUI, and then I would have to manually enter them into the app, and then they would obviously have, I would have to create, or not create, but like, shift to the programs and the plans based off that information. So I did it, I tested it out with that reset challenge, and it worked well, but I personally wouldn't do it again. I'd make someone else do it, because it was a lot of manual handling.
Kyle Musca: What is the manual part of it?
jese Smith-shields: Is it that they're setting the client up in Kahunas? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is Kahunas as easy as like, just assigning programs and meal plans? Because you don't want it to be like a full custom program, you want it to be like a set program, set meal plan, so there's actual reason for them to go into one-to-one coaching.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I could. I could do that, which was pretty much the same as I did last time, but it was just more. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Because I'm not 100% sure, but you could probably set up like Zapier's and Webhooks. and stuff to say that once someone signs up on this payment on UE, it creates their account and based on the data.
jese Smith-shields: You can't do that. You can't pull in zaps into kahunas, I've already tried.
Kyle Musca: That's  annoying.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. So I was probably going to look at going elsewhere later down the track.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. How long does it take to set up a client like that?
jese Smith-shields: Like if it was trying to keep it as passive as possible? Probably I could get it done with like five minutes.
Kyle Musca: Maybe you, you know, maybe it's even a VA thing and it starts every Monday.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. You can definitely look at that.
Kyle Musca: That might be the way to go. And then you'll just have to make it like super clear that they'll get access, you know, maybe every Friday she sets it up or whatever.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, I can definitely, I can definitely look at that. When would you look at rolling something like that out?
Kyle Musca: We'll definitely wait till the new year. We don't want to run it while we're already trying to run a, you new year's challenge. I just start, like, feeling it out and getting ready for it. Yeah. Just because, you the direct marketing is good and everything like that, but, like, at the same time, if you just run it  24-7, it starts to burn out a bit. Yeah, 100%. You're just constantly, like, chasing your own tail. Whereas, I mean, to be fair, the other thing is, like, you could just do, and again, this is, like, where, I mean, you could do it as well. We can do it as well, but, like, running, like, lead magnets and stuff like that just to start generating conversations because, I mean, I've done it, like, periodically for a short period early this year, and my cost per call was actually, like, half. Well, my cost per call was for direct. Yeah. It's just, you obviously, it's a bit more volume and everything like that, so that's when you'd want clothes and stuff that take those calls.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, so what, that would be, like, an e-book sort of download or, like, a free training guide or something like that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mine was just, like, ultimate shred. Program, like a 12-week shred program, which is PDF, which is decent, but obviously the more value, the better. Because you kind of want to be like, wow, if he would give this to me for free, then imagine what his paid service is going to be like.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I understand.
Kyle Musca: And at the same time, this does, again, these do really good. One, it should be a lot less of cost per lead, simply because giving something away rather than asking for, you know. Money. Money. Like, realistically, about 3% of your audience is going to be in a buying mindset and ready to actually invest in something. 17% of it is going to be in an information-gathering phase. So, you know, you want to be able to give them that information so you can, like, get them into a buying mindset, essentially.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, can do it. Oh, sorry. You go? Yeah, I can see how that would work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that was the other thing I forgot to mention before. The reason, like, the seven-day challenge or, you know, theoretically the $27 challenge works so well, is... Because if you can break even on that, like if your cost per purchase for marketing is, in that example, less than $27 or at $27, then theoretically your marketing is free. So it's like you could push a million dollars a month into ads if you're making a million dollars a month off that initial front-end cost per purchase, if that makes sense. And you'd be zero. You wouldn't be paying. You would be, but you'd be making it back essentially.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense. I see where you're getting at with that. But it's definitely something to look into within how to automate it as much as possible. Because, yeah, liked, we, like, one of my biggest months was after I did that four-week reset. But it was just so much manual work on my end. And then, obviously, the people who come in on a low-tigger have got 1,001 questions, which I was doing personally.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you kind of just want to make it known, like, this is not one-to-one coaching. Like, you kind of, you don't want to be a dick about it, but you do want to make it known that... Like, if you want to step up, you can step up.
jese Smith-shields: Like, you get what you pay for, though. Yeah, yeah, that's fair. Yeah, I probably didn't go that far.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then it would just be about, like, running through conditional logic and everything like that. So, like, on the join questions, essentially, you'd have your higher-quality leads and your lower-quality leads. Yeah. And then the cool thing on the back end is that, so initially, like, what I want to do for me, for example, as an example, is $27 for a month-long program. So, the end of week one, you have an accountability call, which is basically like an upsell call.
jese Smith-shields: Theoretically, the show-up rate on that should be really high because it's a check-in call, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then I'll probably inflate my prices there. So, like, let's say I'm doing $3,500 for six months. I'll probably do $4,000 for six months. Try and get them on that. And then at the end of week three, so four an hour later, when they've still got a week left, second check-in call comes in, which, again, is another upsell call. But this time it's a... The reduction in the rate, which would then be the normal 3500, right? I haven't fully mapped this out, but it's like you, this is the only like, you know, obviously you've committed to the last three weeks and we can see progress. We really value that on the team. We don't give this away very often, but we're happy to give you, you know, a, I mean, you can jazz it up as well. could maybe even say like an affiliate rate, because we actually are confident in seeing you see this program through and get the results. Um, you have to take it now.
jese Smith-shields: It's 3500. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that would work pretty well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, and then if they don't sell on that, like, let's say they don't convert, then they go into like an automation through go high level, which is like maybe a few texts and a few emails, um, where it's basically trying to sell them on a low ticket offer. It's like $19 a week.
jese Smith-shields: You can continue on what you already had. Yeah. No, that's yeah. I can see how that's going to work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you did something like that, again, leveraging Keanu's audience.
jese Smith-shields: Like, that would go up. Yeah. Yeah, we leveraged it through a four-week reset. And, yeah, it worked pretty well. But we did it as, like, a magic hat sort of out of the challenge. So they all became second prize winners, which got a discount to the service, which was just an inflated pricing. And we had a pretty big chunk jump onto that as well. But that was weak. And it's not, obviously, up front.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. People love to feel like they've won something.
jese Smith-shields: You know what mean? It's a sign I should do it. Yeah. Especially girls. Yeah. Girls love it for some whatever  reason.
Kyle Musca: That's what I would do with the challenge as well.
jese Smith-shields: I mean, you're going to upsell them into the challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, you know, you've won second prize if you want to continue on for another 12 weeks. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: That's basically what we'll be trying to do as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, to be fair, you're going to have pretty much everyone win that. like, actual second prize, maybe it's like, hey, you've won $500 at KTP. A plus.
jese Smith-shields: Now. next The $500 to put straight towards coaching. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I understand. The challenge, with those ads, how are they going to work? How do you want to run those?
Kyle Musca: In what sense?
jese Smith-shields: Are they just going to be an add-on to Kiana's direct ads as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I think Kiana's direct ads are working so well that I reckon we're just, you know, continuing, like, if it's not broken, don't fix the touch thing. Yeah. And then what I reckon we do is we'll probably just, like, retarget people that are interested in watching those videos with the challenge. Like, we'll obviously run it to the broad audience as well. Yeah. But we'll, like, retarget the people that have watched that with the challenge.
jese Smith-shields: That's even more of an incentive for them to, like, actually join. Yeah, okay. Makes sense. So, would that have to be posted to our page or gang clears?
Kyle Musca: Well then? No.
jese Smith-shields: No?
Kyle Musca: No, I can just run that through the back end of that.
jese Smith-shields: Sure. There you go. you, you know what you're doing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, that's relatively easy to do. What I would also do, have you made much progress with Keanu since the last time we spoke?
jese Smith-shields: Bits and paces. Bits and paces.
Kyle Musca: Any update on that?
jese Smith-shields: She's happy now. We're going have a conversation in the new year about where it's going and what we're needing to do. As I think she's wanting a percentage of the business.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'd also, yeah, that's the other thing. I'd also say, like, look, we're coming to, you know, December. About to run this marketing campaign. Would be a huge waste. To, like,  it up now. So let's just, like, chat about this in the year.
jese Smith-shields: Let's just get this and do this properly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And then, yeah. Yeah, cool. I was going to say that. I'm slipping my, but, come on. Any questions on that stuff we've run over?
jese Smith-shields: When were you looking at running those ads for the challenge?
Kyle Musca: Are they, they're all completely filmed now, right? Yeah, they were, yeah. I mean, December dates cut off 20th, December 20th. Usually for a challenge, we want about, like, even two weeks' good, so maybe three weeks, I reckon I'll probably have it launched either end of November or December, early December, 1st December. Okay. That's the other thing as well, with your, like, even yours and Keanu's organics, man, I would definitely, like, push the challenge hard on that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Because you can definitely draw a lot of... Have I sent you my actual organic challenge framework?
jese Smith-shields: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so. So basically this is just a breakdown of everything we'll do. This covers the different ways you can go about it. So again, we can do a CRM and email outreach.
jese Smith-shields: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Bring an offer to the challenge, bonus plans. Again, we can cover that later. I'll send this to you. Main one is the organic though, right? So like realistically 14 to 10 days out. So I mean, you may even want to start pushing a little bit earlier, but you want to start running teasers on both yours and Accountants, accounts. If I were to run a New Year's Challenge, she would be keen. Yada, yada, yada, yada, right? Nine days out, so starting within that two-week mark, realistically, if we're pushing it, extending these days a bit more, is the official launch. I mean, she's already got the videos filmed, so she can just post those things directly to her page. Or she was going to collaborate type thing. But just being super active on stories and everything like that, what they get, here's what's inside, why are you created it, who's it for, you know, so many women struggle, yada, yada, yada, A lot of story stuff, a lot of story stuff, just every single day, there should be something about it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then five to three days out, you know, this is where you, you know, maybe offer some education content, kind of like what you guys already do, but just by making sure to include that the challenge is live in the last couple of days to join. Yep. And then the last three days specifically is just where you push the  out of Urgency, realistically, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, send that over, that'll be good.
Kyle Musca: And then, like, you may even want to do post, three-day post-challenge stuff. So it's like, you know, I had hundreds of girls, you could even say, I'm sure you could even say that, but hundreds of girls messaged me saying they, you know, were just waiting for  payday or whatever the case may be to sign up. And, you know, I wasn't going to do it, but in light of that, I'm going to open up 10 more spots only. Yeah, okay. You know, massive FOMO, massive urgency.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just for context, I will, I mean, you said 30 spots or 20 spots or whatever you said for the challenge.
jese Smith-shields: So, you know, you can say love.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Yeah, you could be like, I was originally going to cap this at 30. I'm going to open up 10 more spots. Once we hit these 10 spots, that is it. The doors are closed. I'm not taking on anyone else. And you can wait for the next one. Yep. The other thing I would also start doing, and similar to that, I mean, it works for that as well, is start creating some, I I did this with Vaughn yesterday, like the actual professional style. But just like even grab your phone and do some like story type stuff where it's like, you know, girls, it's like, it's official. actually the last week to join the challenge. We're in the last 72 hours to join the challenge.
jese Smith-shields: We're in the last 48 challenge. It's the last day to join the challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yada, yada, yada, And then, like, stockpile that. One, do post on your stories. But, like, if send that through to me, then we can run ads and just retarget everyone that's, like, watched the ad, basically. Yeah, okay. It should look like an organic story.
jese Smith-shields: You know what I mean? Just like her getting on the story? Pardon? Like, just, like, her talking to her story sort of thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, I'll get that done, too, then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, it should look, like, organic graphics we do.
jese Smith-shields: It should just look like an organic story post. Yeah, yeah, sweet. Sweet, I'll them to do that, too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and ideally, like, the shorter the better, but, like, a minute at the absolute max.
jese Smith-shields: You don't want anything longer than that. Yeah, yeah. Easy. Not keen. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Thanks, man. Any other questions or anything you want to run over, man?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm pretty sweet. I'm very sweet.
Kyle Musca: We'll see how this next week goes. You had a heap of call volume there, so maybe it was just an unfortunate week. We'll see how that new ManyChat edition pulls through. If you see less calls being less leads, don't be too alarmed. When you tighten the nozzle, you add more qualifications, and you just get less volume, but theoretically, it should be high-quality volume.
jese Smith-shields: No, that's sweet. I've just got another voice note from that other closer, so hopefully she's ready to jump on as well. Because it was getting to a point with my calls as well. When I was getting to that rebuttals and stuff, I just didn't have energy to try and go through all of them with them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. I mean, closers are such a hard high. I mean, they're either, most of them are  awful and you should probably get them, rid of them sooner than you do. But like, if you find a good closer man, like you can kind of just sit back and they're just  kill it for you. Yeah. Do you have any others on the go, ready to go? Not really. Marina sent me a few and everything. I think, well, the goal you actually signed up, think, you're getting on, I think it came through in Marina, I'm pretty sure. Yeah. No, originally. But they're by far the hardest to hire, bro. And once you find one that's decent, I would definitely like invest in some training and everything to get them up to scratch, realistically, because it's like you just need to make one sale that you wouldn't have made otherwise, and you've recovered that payment on the sale of training.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. And you do that through Tommy?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, can do that. See, the thing, the reason I like Tommy is he's very skilled. Very skilled closer, understands the actual technique behind it, but it's not like he has a sales training. Business and stuff because like a lot of them already have a business and it's just like  it's like group coaching and all that stuff and you know you don't even know if they're actually  good at sales or not until yeah I mean you know a lot of them aren't really good at sales Tommy's teachers about genuine care and actually caring about the person's like  goals and stuff like that and then also it mixes in the actual sales psychology as well yeah yeah I'll see what this one's got to but I'll see what this one's got to say and then go from there really yeah in saying that like I wouldn't you know if it's just not gonna be a good fit and everything I wouldn't  beat your head against a brick wall like I wouldn't you know spend money and invest money on training if they're just not gonna be a good fit just not there's no hope for them yeah I'm sure yeah the other thing is like if you got multiple like I know what Bree's doing is she's got two closes at the moment she's just doing like a group coaching call with Tommy so it's the same price but everyone you know gets to just jump on and learn at the same time at the same and
jese Smith-shields: Oh, true. Yeah. Yeah, because I was pretty keen on doing it, and I actually messaged him about it, but I just haven't had time to actually sit down and be able to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, you know, you can always tag along with him, which I would encourage you to do, but at the very least, at least your closers can go to it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, 100%. 100%. Easy, bro.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Anything else before we wrap up, man?
jese Smith-shields: Or is that pretty good? No, that's pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sick, If you do have any issues, just let me know. Otherwise, let me know how you go setting up the contacts and stuff and go high level and sending out the bulk messaging and everything like that as well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Will do. Too easy.
Kyle Musca: Appreciate it. Cheers, man. Cheers. Cheers. I'll see you later. Bye.


>>> 14/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-20T04:46:50Z | id:103023789
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, man.
Callum Hinze: How are going? Hey, good. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good. Apologies for being a little bit late, man. My computer was working out so bad when I was trying to create the Zoom.
Callum Hinze: No, we're good. We're good. I'm not lagging too much with this internet here, am I?
Kyle Musca: can hear me all right? No. Yeah, that's a good thing. How's Japan so far?
Callum Hinze: Good. We just got here last night, so I've been here for a little bit. I've just got a message now from Mehdi saying he's exporting all those ads as well, so they should be up. I don't know how long it takes to actually export it and upload it, but I'm guessing they'll be up here ASAP.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that should be pretty quick, hopefully.
Callum Hinze: I'll tell you who the graphics for that one as well, hey, I think last week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Try and get some graphics up there. You've got the two... Actual professional style graphics, so we'll just get some proper ones in there. With them, let me just open this, with the graphics and try and do them 916 so they can't fit on the story, but try and have them, am I lagging?
Callum Hinze: A little bit. you hear me? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, try and have them so they fit within like the square. Yeah, so if we put them on the feed, then they'll still fit, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Okay. The ones I, the professional ones I sent you, are they okay or are they still a bit more rectangular?
Kyle Musca: No, so they'll fit on the feed fine. It's just, if we do them in the regular story and it's outside of that square, like if the writing's up above, it will like cut off and won't show it in the story.
Callum Hinze: Gotcha. Yeah, makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Cool, Um, so, how many calls booked this week? So we had four calls booked back in.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you've taken one, do you have some?
Callum Hinze: I took one, uh, I think there's only one or two left now with Jake, um, but yeah, he signed one, I've signed one who needs a follow-up, ideally, um, and then there was one that was a no-show, so, yeah. Start a little bit again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so basically, um, again, meta's changed around their whole thing, so I've gone and I've built the ad structure out based around what their guidelines are around it. Um, it's looking promising, um, especially one, there was one ad that had a really good cost-per-lead actually, um, so we'll just have to see how it keeps optimizing, uh, with time, um, but it's heavily based off, like, AI now, so, theoretically, it should, uh, Should do pretty well once we get time, once we give it more to go off.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. There was definitely a couple of quiet weeks, but it looks like it's starting to get, like, volume of messages seem to be a little bit more legit now, from what I've seen. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. We'll see how that goes, especially with the Black Friday off, and then we'll try and get that up and running, and hopefully that generates some interest. Have you done much organically with the Black Friday stuff?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I've done, like, one post, but I'll probably hold off until it's all pumping and running.
Kyle Musca: There's only 10 days left of November, so I'll probably start pushing it hard organically. To the point where, like, you should be getting something up, like, every single day.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah. Stories, stuff, as well as just feed posts as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then every time you do a feed post, they make it very big, bold in the caption, like, final seven days to take advantage of my Black Friday offer.
Callum Hinze: and care for I
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, know, join Hinze Physiques before November ends, get one month of coaching absolutely free. DM me Black Friday to whatever.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: All right. Have you got Black Friday in your miniature?
Callum Hinze: Yes, I just got the word Friday. I've been using it, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Friday. Sorry, what's that?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, just the word Friday I've got set as a trigger word.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, cool. Okay, as long as we run Friday as all of them, then we'll be fine. Let me just lump your thingy at home. And then how long are you in Japan for?
Callum Hinze: Up until, I think we get back Thursday night or technically early Friday morning. So a week in a bit. Next Friday.
Kyle Musca: Okay. You got to have much free time when you're in Japan.
Callum Hinze: How many of you guys are going to be out? Not a lot. I'll dedicate a little bit of time to work in the mornings, but not a lot. So it'll be, yeah, it'll be condensed. And then obviously once we're back, we'll cracking back into it. So I'll keep Jake on doing calls up until Friday, and then I'll take most of it myself from there on, just because he's not doing anything crazy hot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you know his close ratio?
Callum Hinze: The exact ratio, no.
Kyle Musca: It's less than half, though.
Callum Hinze: So, but he hasn't had a lot of calls booked in for him over the last couple of weeks, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, we definitely want to get you on the driver's seat there again, especially with running the challenge stuff. Have you got all your challenge ads and everything done?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I haven't got those ones done yet. That'll be, I guess, the task. I can probably do some while I'm here, and then I'll do the videos with Vaughn once we're back, end of next week or the week after.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, okay. Do you have your camera with you?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, could probably film some stuff here if I can find somewhere relatively scenic rather than a hotel room, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it doesn't have to be anything crazy. Like, for example, what I did, man. Because I'm going to trampled on it as well, so I was like, , how am going get this done? What I did was, this will be fine. Oh, my laptop is so slow. Why is this thing so slow? But essentially, I just set the camera up, and I just spoke straight to it. I didn't even script it, man. I just like. Okay. The biggest thing it's like you've been sold when it comes to weight loss is to get to where you want to be, it's to take months or even years. And it usually comes from subpar fitness coaches who either don't know what they're doing or they're desperate to keep you around for as long as possible. Because we've proven that's just not the case. The guys coming to us are stripping 10 to 20 kilos of fat in a matter of weeks and building muscle in the process. Some of these guys are literally getting better results in a matter of weeks than most guys get in a matter of years. And that's not just dumb luck, it's because you've got to... Essentially, I just sat there and just  spoke straight to the camera.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, it's easy stuff. Yeah, I'm guessing... I know you sent me through the scripts for that one, but I haven't actually looked at them yet. But I'm assuming they're pretty similar to that, hey, for the challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I tried to keep them kind of how, like, the last batch of ads we filmed. They're, like, geared towards the challenge.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Well, yeah, probably just like, hey, I do have the camera and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, even, like, if you can go find, like, a park or something. doesn't have to be anything crazy. I'll just have it on the couch. And then, like, Medi will just have to try and add as much, like, overlays and stuff as possible. Just try and keep it nice and interesting.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: On that as well, bro, one piece of the content, I mean, it depends on, I think this would work really, really well, double up in an ad. I even want to kind of try to do some stuff like it, but, like, I think especially for you and, you know, just the target audience who you're going to go for is, have you seen this guy? You've probably seen him. I don't think I have.
Callum Hinze: No, I haven't. I honestly don't have time consuming it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
Callum Hinze: I don't spend enough time consuming it, but he looks like this right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, like, what he does is rational ones. Which, you know, again, go hard. The reactions always go hard. Um, but like, he also does these ones where, you know, just talks straight to the camera. minds obsessing over what the most optimal ultra-hypertrophic training split is and thinking that's the reason you're not seeing the games you want. That if you could just find the perfect training split, your physique would finally blow up. I'm here to tell you that your training split isn't the problem. The real problem is the fact that you can't stick to one plan for more than... He just talks straight to the camera. He does good in terms of... I'll keep talking. But he does good in terms of, like, having, like, on-screen overlays and stuff and clips of him training and everything. I reckon if you did content like that, one, it would be good organically, but I reckon it'd be very easy to double up as an ad.
Callum Hinze: Could you, um, could you share me his profile? So I remember how I can use that as inspiration.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, because these would be very  easy to do, man. And I would literally just come to his profile and, um... Um... Um... And, like, look at the topics he's done, basically. Just make our own topics around it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. I like that. Because it's funny how you realize how simple it is, eh? Sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And, again, your physicals can keep it nice and interesting. Like, then fantastic. And then what I would also do, man, like, and then have two different CTAs. So, like, organically, I would also, I would always try and plug, you know, your e-book that you've just created, for example. Am I lagging?
Callum Hinze: Can you hear me? Yeah, I can. On and off. I can hear you.
Kyle Musca: I'm to switch to my. I'm switching to hotspot because that's annoying. Freeze. He's falling. He's He's Yeah. Yeah. You There we go. It just couldn't have out. Okay. It just refused to go to my phone connection. That's fine. Anyway, we'll continue chatting about that. Computer struggle. But yeah, I reckon do like an organic CTA that directs into their like, you know, the e-book or whatever you, you know, hopefully we can continue to add to this. And then just do an ad CTA.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I guarantee you, like, and again, we need volumes of content. So it's like, if you can bang out like three, at least three of these a week, preferably like five even, that we can just keep filtering them into the ads. Um, and yeah, ideally. yeah. honestly. Really? Yeah. We'll test it from different angles, and we'll find one that just rips for us.
Callum Hinze: Yep, all right, cool. That's easy. Now, let's keep on adding stuff to that organic folder, organic ad folder I sent you through as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, that was the other thing I wanted to, to show my screen, it's struggling. I can't tell if it's my computer or the internet. Um, so I'm going come up to the follow here for that organic videos, yeah. Come on, man, holy crap. Um, oh yeah, did you get my, the script to reach out to all clients as well, by the way?
Callum Hinze: I did, I didn't, I haven't done it yet, but that, I definitely will do, because that'll be handy this time of year, hey.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, I've had a lot of clients, oh, this is really, I had a lot. Client's come to me recently saying, like, oh, you know, I just want to let myself go, yada, yada, yada.
Callum Hinze: I want to rejoin. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I don't even have to release stuff on computers. is ridiculous. I'm going text Bree. Maybe she's downloaded something. I think it's my computer, Because that thing's just  horrendously solving everything. Yeah. All right. Cool. So, um, well, I'm going to my screen, but it's really not. You're offline, some functionality may be unavailable. What does that even mean? I'm going to restart my computer. is struggling now. I'm going to start my computer. start my computer. start computer. I'm computer. I'm
Callum Hinze: Thank you. Thank you. definition, more confidence in the fact that what they were doing was actually working. Now, this isn't just about training hard, but it's about training smarter. We rebuild your program from the ground up so that your effort actually reflects in your progress. We use structured progression, tailored nutrition, and direct accountability so you finally look like the man who trains within you. And if you can execute on this plan, you're not just going to see some progress, but you're going to see your whole physique transform. You'll strip the love handles, you'll fill out your frame, and the confidence you gain from this will literally translate into everything you do in life. And right now, for a Black Friday offer that I've never done before, and I'll probably never do again, if you join the team before November ends, you'll get an entire month of coaching completely free. But because I spend so much time on each individual, this is only available for the first 10 guys. So if you're serious about taking your physique to that next level, DM me the word LEVEL UP, and let's get to work. But getting quick, because I seriously doubt that 10 spots are going to last. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: So, yes, I gotcha. I gotcha. Perfect. All right. Hopefully it seems to work. Cool. So, just want to do ... Yeah, so, what I reckon we're do for this, man, is we'll split test everything now. So, if you could even make a version where it says DME ... DME method for my ultimate, you know, physique optimization guide or something like that.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: And then what would even be cool here is maybe even add like a photo of it or something so people can actually see what it is, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then just have two. So, um, cause again, I really want to test this lead magnet out for you, um, because I've ran it briefly before and it, my cost per call was like half the price.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I, um, I haven't got the things set up yet, but you were saying I can, like the many chat flow, I can pretty much just copy the one we had for the last free resource. Hey, and then just re, redo it. Is that how it works? Can you sort of duplicate it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Essentially, I would really like to have, um, like an email capture set up. Yeah. Especially if we go high level. And everything like that, man. Like, it's just such a good opportunity to get. Well, what we could do here is we don't necessarily need to put it through ClickFunnels per se. We can set it up through ManyChat. So it's like it does collect emails and everything. But then what we need, you just need to set up a Zapier that basically adds that contact into GoHighLevel and then attaches them to the automation that sends them the ebook.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. And that gathers just the email and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, you know, how, so we just ask qualifying questions. How old are you? I've got different guides, like what describes your, you know, current situation, like I'm working full-time, et cetera, et cetera. So we qualify them to make sure it's the right type of person.
Callum Hinze: And then, yeah, sweet. What's, you know, what's the best email to send it to? Yep. Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And that's probably it.
Callum Hinze: Old mate, the guy, I forget his name, the guy that did it last time will be able to do that pretty easy, hey, he'll know it too.
Kyle Musca: The Zappi guy, have I sent you?
Callum Hinze: I don't know, maybe it's a different guy. I forget his name, I've sent any of them.
Kyle Musca: Not this guy. I'll share his contact.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I asked him about this the other day, he said he could do it.
Callum Hinze: Sweet. Joseph, all right, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'll him a message and basically just go, hey, man, I want to make it so when someone sends, gives me their email in a ManyChat flow, it creates their contact in GoHighLevel, which is sure you already have their contact in GoHighLevel. And then from there. I want it to trigger an automation that sends them the e-book for the guide. It should be a quick, yeah, it should be crazy, crazy, difficult thing to set up for. Cool. Yeah, and then again, DM me a method for my ultimate physical optimisation breakdown. Oh, sweet. Something like that.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, I'll do this one. Third thing. Yeah, fine. It is, I'll see you back. So what I would do here is, I can't do it yet, don't an option, but I would create two different folders, I'd to do like a direct version where it's like DME Coach and then an indirect one where a lead magnet one, and then we'll just put the two in there.
Callum Hinze: Oh, easy.
Kyle Musca: And then this is something that I would, you know, if we're going to do this, then you're going to kind of have to prioritize pretty heavily to get the content in there, just because again, we need, we need like at least 15 pieces of content for it to test out different angles properly.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that may even be as simple as, let me see if I can find it on mine. Let's be in a minute. Bob's. And then, like, again, you might even want to create a story like this. This is how mine was.
Callum Hinze: No, it's just like a screenshot of the cover, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But just be careful. So, again, be careful of what I did where that actually covers it.
Callum Hinze: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So be careful that you don't do that, essentially. Cool. But, like, that's stuff you can drive. Yeah. Essentially, we just need to put more content into that. Any questions on any of that?
Callum Hinze: No, it's pretty easy. I can get that sorted. sorted. So you're... Greg, can you just get a big sort of backlog of content done first before actually pumping it for that ebook so we can just sort of have just a bit of variety?
Kyle Musca: I mean, we can test it out. We can test it out, essentially. Like, we can do a little bit of an ad spend on it. But, again, there's just no point in running it unless we have the material for it to do. You know what I mean? Like, if I throw it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I'll load up on some for sure, then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Callum Hinze: How many of you... I think they're uploading those videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I'll give that some time. But otherwise, like, if we can do this, get some of that content that you're currently doing, and then we run the Black Friday stuff as well, then we should be pretty good men. I don't The Black Friday, sorry, the challenge stuff. Well, Black Friday stuff, but then the challenge stuff as well.
Callum Hinze: Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. Perfect. Is there any sort of issues you're currently facing that you need to hand with, man?
Callum Hinze: No, not really. No issues in general. just that time of year, really, isn't it? It's just a bit quieter, like less sales and stuff, but ideally the new ads are starting to pick that up. There's been a few like drop-offs or clients who just haven't renewed just because they're like, I've got to save money for Christmas or whatever, but ideally it's just a matter of of the Black Friday sale on the new ads starting to pick things back up again, I guess, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So again, that's where the internal challenge kind of comes into play, man. So I'll definitely get something. Have we spoken about that?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Oh, the internal one. We were speaking about just sort of giving access to the current guys to the new challenge or pushing.
Kyle Musca: Is that what you're talking about? Yeah. But essentially, like they have to... ... ... their side of the challenge is basically marketing your business. It goes off how many times they've tagged you in their story, made posts and stuff. Have they referred a friend, et cetera, et cetera.
Callum Hinze: Gotcha, yeah.
Kyle Musca: What do you do your check-ins on, by the way?
Callum Hinze: All just through the app, all through TrainerEyes.
Kyle Musca: It's all built into it together.
Callum Hinze: Can you have Loom videos?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can. Yeah, okay, so. Something I've done this week, man. And you'll be able, if you can add links, you'll be able to set up the exact same. It's because I really want to dial in on referrals because they're the easiest sales to get across the line.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what I did is I was like, all right, how can I make it extremely simple? Because you can upload forms and documents and stuff into JobForm too, hey? I mean, into TrainerEyes. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So what I did, man. Yeah. It is. So let's say we've got, yeah, shouldn't be an inbox, should go, new form. What I did is, at the bottom of my check-in form, man, I, above this, it's got a mate who's keen to dial things in, get them to fill out this application, I'll reach out to them what's involved. Oh, yeah. Yes, if they join, I'll give you, I'll swing you $250 for being a G. All right. When they click on that, it takes them straight to this, so they can just send this straight to their mate. Their mate fills out the details. Next steps. And then from that, I've got it in the URL. So I don't know if you can do this on TrainRise. But essentially, it just goes straight into the calendar, and they just book straight in. Okay. So there's no middle ground. You don't have to reach out. Fathom or anything like that. And I've got my own, you know, EMP referral booking. Yeah. So it's its own individual calendar. And then if you come into, do I have one open? It doesn't look like it. It's just a different color, essentially, in the calendar. So you can just differentiate it. Yeah. And clearly see it's its own thing.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you might have to play around with it if you can redirect them after submission or something like that in TrainerEyes. Do you have a job form or type form or anything?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I use job form for that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the inquiry form. Oh, perfect. So, yeah, essentially what you do is you just add this on the TrainerEyes thing. So it takes them through to a job form. And then you would have essentially just this. And then when you go to edit it in, when you go to actually create the job form, you can say on the next step, so you can say redirect it. And then you basically just grab the go high-level URL calendar booking. Okay. I mean, just to make it super  easy for people to refer their mates essentially. Yeah. Okay. Sweet. And then like, even if they don't book in a comment, like you can still come in here and you can see, you know, EMP referral, inbox, most of them are going be from me, but. Yeah. So. Let's just do those. Yeah. You can see. even if they don't book in, you can still reach out to the manual.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. That's great. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Any questions on that? Yep. That's a great idea, actually. And you just keep that link at the bottom of their check-in form every week, just so it's always in their face?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, every single week as a reminder. And then, you know, I even try and get real personal with the check-in forms as well. Like, not the check-in forms, sorry, the referrals. You know what mean? Like, chat to people into the group chat and stuff. Be like, yeah, man, I really appreciate you, you know, being on the team. You're a great addition to the team. And, you know, I've noticed in the past, man, like, and I want more people like you. I've in the past, bro, the best place to get those people is just by, you know, your mates and everything like that, essentially. Do you know anyone that would be, or who do you know that would be interested in getting some coaching if they end up joining, One, it helps to build the community that we've got here, which is fantastic. And then I'll also give you $250, man, if they end up joining, just as a way of saying thank you.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay, it's, well, we're at it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So try and get personal when you ask for it. Like, you know, I'd really appreciate it, man.
Callum Hinze: Like, build the community and yada, yada, yada, All right.
Kyle Musca: That's easy to do. Because you have a big team chat, don't you? Like a community chat?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Even put it in, like, when you create that chat form, even just put it in there. Yeah. And explain to them, like, lads, just, on the check-in forms, you'll see at the very bottom here is now just the application form. if you, if you chat to a mate and he's keen, you just can send this straight to them. And they can fill it out and I'll reach out to them and do the rest.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, like, make it clear that you've just made that. Because, again, referrals have to be top of mind. If you don't remind people, then they're probably not going to do it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, bro. you. Cool. Yeah, I think the biggest thing, man, like, it's just, it's going to be volumes of content leading into the end of the year. Just having that there is going to be the differentiating factor.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay, cool. Cool, cool. You've got the AI thing going, hey, to help me remember all this after? Yeah. That's always my help. It's jump off these calls and like, oh, she's got so much to remember.
Kyle Musca: So those little things are helpful. Yeah, hopefully the cutting out didn't mess with it. But honestly, if just remember one thing, man, it's just like, all I need right now is just content volumes.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know, and again, do it for both direct ads and for lead magnets. Because I think if we can get the lead magnets pumping for you, it's going to be a good, a good strategy. Like James Board and everything like that, man, they only do off the workout programs. We were looking at it the other week.
Callum Hinze: I'm trying to find it, hey? Yeah. How have you run it through a few of those?
Kyle Musca: Did I actually show you?
Callum Hinze: Because I remember I couldn't find it. I think we were looking for it, but we couldn't find where it was.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I found it. I came back and I had another look. Yeah, this one. So all they do, man, is just run these. You're not going to be able to walk for a week after this full leg workout. The first exercise on the list is going to be an abectomy machine for three seconds.
Callum Hinze: I also think doing something like this for you would be  fantastic for a lead magnet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. That's an 8-12 reps. This will grow your inner thighs and make your legs so thick from the front. Next, move on to... Especially while you're away, by the way, and you're not, you know, again, kind of limited. You can definitely do a voiceover with, like, overlays and . Seated hamstring curl machine, get three sets of 8-12 reps. And now onto a barbell squat for two sets of 5-10 reps. Go heavy here and go  to grass. Now move on to a leg press for two sets of 5-10 reps. Opting for a low and narrow stance on the footpad to bias your... Quads before hitting three sets of eight to 12 reps on the leg extension. Now you're going to finish off your hamstrings with a dumbbell RDL for two sets of five to 10 reps. Before I show you the next exercise, drop the word workout in the comments and I'll send you a full five-day workout program. And finishing off with calf raises for four sets of eight to 12 reps. You're not going to be able to walk. See, that's the lead magnet, man. And he said that, um, that has gotten them good, really good quality leads because the only people messaging in off that, um, uh, serious about training and workouts and everything like that.
Callum Hinze: And then what they're sending them is purely just a ebook with a program involved.
Kyle Musca: Really. That's about as simple as it is. Yeah. Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I like that.
Kyle Musca: But like, I think if you do, um, if you do a combination of those things, man, like the shorter, you know, just kind of trending sound ones, the talking director.
Callum Hinze: To comment and then the voiceover ones, bro.
Kyle Musca: It's only like realistic that one of them will pull through for us.
Callum Hinze: You know what mean? Yeah. Just trial and error.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, ideally what I'd like you to do is like sit down and just do five of each. So while we have like bare testing across each.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And that's kind of all I want to really give you this week. just because, I mean, the challenge stuff and the Black Friday stuff should all be good in terms of, you know, we've done that. It's just now I just, we need volumes of content. And that's something I've been focusing on as well is just  pumping as much content as I possibly can.
Callum Hinze: Okay. I'll get on that. Well, yeah, can film the probably challenge stuff pretty easy. Somewhere scenic from here. Now I've got a bunch of stuff on hand just to make those other videos.
Kyle Musca: So I'll get on that. that. Thanks. you. Yeah. The other thing is, especially if you're going to do some of those, like how Sean does it where he talks straight to cameraman, is try and do it where you, you know, whatever you talk about, like let's say you talk about progressive overload, like the reason you're not gaining is because you're, you know, sorry to tell you, but, you know, progressive overload doesn't mean, I saw one video I did before, progressive overload doesn't mean like dry hunting the bar, trying to squeeze out, you know, five more kilos, right? Um, but then try and use an example of a client. And I think that would just add to it, if that makes sense. You know, okay. You know, James was struggling with this and, you know, he, he wasn't saying he was training for months, but didn't really see results. And in his mind, he thought he was progressively overloading, but we broke it down, whatever the case may be. So, you know, the kind of type of I'm talking about, Hey, yeah, yeah. So just like basically say the topic that you're talking about. And then like, this is what happened with my client, James, and this is the outcome. So you're. Sucking in a client test or transformation, essentially, but just like slotting in there as a way to provide value.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. Perfect. That's all I really want to basically, unless there's any other bottlenecks or anything you're experiencing.
Callum Hinze: Nah, it's content, content, content, I guess, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just volumes of content, man. To the point where it's just being unreasonable for something not to pull through for us.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, more about it. Okay.
Kyle Musca: I can do that for sure. And that's like, and I'll show you too, just so you can get a bit of an idea. That's how this new setup is meant to be geared. So I'll show you exactly how it's set yours up. Is just give it the marketing material so you can, I'm not going back as a word, but essentially what I used to do is like have a lot of different assets and manually control. Now it's more so put them all into one asset. And the AI will then go through and test and figure out which ones are going to be the best performing. And then I've got rules in here to turn things off when they don't start performing.
Callum Hinze: As you can see, I'll start to turn these off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. For example, we've got this one. This is pulling through at $34 per lead, which is really, really good.
Callum Hinze: So if we can keep growing on that, then fantastic.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. But again, it just needs volumes to test.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, um, any questions on that stuff, Anything you want to cover at all?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I don't think so. As long as I've got this written down in front of me off that little recap again, I'll make sure I've let it all sink in and I'll get to work on that.
Kyle Musca: I honestly don't want to like give you anything else to sort of focus on because I just want content now. just want volumes to test.
Callum Hinze: Yep. All right. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: I'll do that for sure. Perfect, bro. Awesome. At the same time, also want you to. Enjoy Japan and everything like that. So. So. Um, we should be good from the challenge stuff and, and Ken, as I said, the Black Friday stuff goes as well, as well as the current ads we've got, we'll just keep, that should keep optimizing as time goes on.
Callum Hinze: Okay, sweet. All right, awesome. What's his name? What was the guy's name again? said he? I'll have a good look through his profile.
Kyle Musca: Oh, Sean.
Callum Hinze: Sean, all right, he'll look, I'll have a good gaze and get some inspiration for that and get to work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, think, Keen, it's kind of like that John Jewel kind of concept, man, like, you know, you can just sit down and you've got the physique that will sell, just talk about your training experience, your training knowledge, have some overlays in there, keep people entertained, you'll be sweet.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay, beautiful. All right, yeah. I'll get amongst that. It's, always try, I always overcomplicate and think I need to go too deep into what they're doing, but you look at this guy, it's just simple stuff, but done well, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Callum Hinze: Get onto that. Easy.
Kyle Musca: Cool. right. Well, yeah, we'll just dial in on that, and then, yeah, we'll just, that should pull through for us.
Callum Hinze: Beautiful. Can we, for next week, would you be free to do Friday by any chance instead? Because I think this time next week I'll be traveling on the way back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let me have a look.
Callum Hinze: Or even any day after Thursday.
Kyle Musca: I should be able to do, worse comes to worse, should be able to do 12pm instead.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah, let us know, but let me know. think just Thursday I'll be out of the equation because I'll be on the way back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no, that's no stress. Should be able to, worse comes to worse, we'll just do 12pm. Otherwise, maybe I can make something.
Callum Hinze: We'll keep in touch anyway, in advance. Easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, man, if you need anything from me, just let me know. Otherwise, yeah, I just want to execute really well on that for now.
Callum Hinze: Awesome, awesome. That's you. you. When you were resetting the computer, had to look through those videos, and they turned out great as well as ad ones. So hopefully they've properly uploaded as well when we're set for their Black Friday stuff.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I'll have a look through them now and get them set up ASAP.
Callum Hinze: Sweet, nice. All right, cool. Thanks again for that. We'll speak again soon, I'm sure. No worries, man. Enjoy Japan, and yeah, chat to you soon. Thank you.


>>> 15/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-20T05:59:09Z | id:103027337
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: I'm good. How are you? This meeting is being recorded.
emily paige: Perfect. How are you feeling?
Kyle Musca: You're not sick anymore? No, feel way better.
emily paige: That's so good. Dude, everyone's getting sick at the moment.
Kyle Musca: I think it's like something going around. Yeah, I know. Yeah, everyone's been saying that, but I'm just glad. That was horrendous.
emily paige: I can imagine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. How has things been for you?
emily paige: It's been really good. Like, it's actually been so good, especially this time of the year. It's definitely a lot quieter, like in terms of girls wanting coaching and things like that. But nonetheless, I've gotten girls over from the US, like a lot now are coming from the US, which is interesting. Even this morning, had a girl join from Ireland, which is so random. So it's been good. I made a group chat as well with all the girls. I wrote this down in the jot form because I wanted to figure out a way that I can do more for the girls without actually having. To do more, you know? So having that group chat has been like a game changer. They're all texting in there all the time, asking each other random questions. And I just feel like they're getting so much more from it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
emily paige: So it's been really good in terms of community. Like all of them are already following each other. They're all like texting each other. So it makes me feel a bit better because I'm constantly like, okay, what can I do to do more?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, definitely. The community aspect will definitely be good, especially with girls. It's also great to like be able to drop in certain things. Like if you're going to run a challenge or maybe a Black Friday offer or whatever the case may be, then it's a really good way just to communicate with everyone publicly. Like, for example, I've done like a fair few things this week to try and like improve referrals and everything like that. So like even just dropping into the chat, like, you know, I'm doing that. I want more people like you guys on the team. If you've got a mate, just get them to do this application. And I'll reach out to them as like, and that already paid off.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. Cause I was actually thinking about that when I was in the car, even doing something like, do you give the people like a reward or something like a week free of coaching if they do refer someone or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think it's probably better to actually give them like a cash payment instead of just giving them a week free because one, it just kind of feels like, yeah, they're saving on not having to spend, you know, hundred dollars or whatever, which is nice.
emily paige: Don't get me wrong.
Kyle Musca: But then if you actually give them like $200, so mine's $250, but if you actually give them like $250 or $200, whatever you decide, they actually like receive something that sort of feel good about that.
emily paige: Yeah. That's actually a really good idea. Cause it pretty much ends up being the same thing sort of anyways.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. But they just feel like they've actually gained something rather than just save something. Perfect. How was, how many calls have you had this last week?
emily paige: Um, I put it in the jot form.
Kyle Musca: Sorry. There was... Oh, you filled out that to form on purpose.
emily paige: Yeah, I actually did fill it out just before. It's been like, yeah, it's been a good week so far, and I think it's going to obviously get a bit better because I've got a few calls at the end of this week, like tomorrow and Saturday as well, and even like a few girls that I'm messaging with at the moment. So I have a feeling it's going to just, there's going to be a few more join.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you've gotten nine calls total, you've taken five, does that mean you have four left?
emily paige: No, so that's not including the ones that I haven't taken on for the next two days.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so is there four left including?
emily paige: No, there was people that didn't join. It's actually like, yeah, now I'm seeing what you mean about the people that just like cancel last minute and stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so a couple of things here. When you're still getting like good volume... Forms of calls booked organically, which is fantastic. What's your booking system?
emily paige: Is it Calendly? Yeah, Calendly.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. Do you have like an emailing system or anything?
emily paige: What we do, because I've seen Clemé do this a fair bit, she just gets their email and phone number and then she'll book it in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I was just contemplating whether or not it's better to switch over to go high level for you. It's more of a complete CRM and, you know, basically it's like a booking system, a CRM, so you can have like all your clients, you can build email on this, you can send out text and SMSs and everything from it. It's just like an all-in-one sort of integration. With the girls that are not showing up, are they at letting you know that they can't show up to the call?
emily paige: Yeah. No, it's it's- Good. Like they actually send a message beforehand anyways, and usually they'll reschedule. So it's not too bad. And then usually anyways, I'll be able to bring whoever's on afterwards earlier. So it hasn't been something that's been mucking me around too much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay, cool. How many out of like, how many no-shows have you actually, or cancellations, I guess you should call them. How many cancellations have you had out of the total calls you've had this week?
emily paige: Oh my gosh, let me see. Because I think there wasn't many. There was only maybe like two of them that cancelled. But I think Clemé's on to like reaching back out. So she's quite good. She's so on to it. Like, I don't know, she must have a list herself because she's re-texting all these people asking if they're still here. So she's, yeah, she's on to it in terms of all of that sort of stuff. But yeah, most of the girls that haven't showed up aren't like the type of girls that I'd probably... We want anyways, because they seem to not be 100% sure if they have the money for it.
Kyle Musca: So I'm like, okay. Yeah, no, that's okay. Still got three closers so far for the week. Total revenue, did you get a huge EHP payout?
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, that makes sense. I was like, that's pretty mad.
emily paige: Yeah, it was good. It was good because it's obviously like a slower time of the year. So then getting that now, I like, hey, that's nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it doesn't have to be slow. just meant like, this is like just where we need to dial in our marketing because if, you know, you haven't really ever, you know, pushed coaching much on your social. So it's only natural that when we initially did that larger push that you got a huge like influx. But like that will, you know, quiet down a little bit. So you've got to kind of be expecting of that. One thing I could see, one is we just need to, especially December. And I'm like, We really know it's to quiet down if we don't have something in plan. So that's where that, you know, launching that challenge and taking intakes for that will be pretty critical.
emily paige: Okay, yeah. If we can just, like, organise that and come up with, like, a game plan for that, I think that would probably be the best thing to do at the moment. And then, yeah, I'd probably need another, I don't know if I'd need another coach necessarily until I get, let's say, maybe, like, another 20 girls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so there's two ways you can go about it. One is, if you push the challenge hard, I'm sure you could get 20 girls in the month of December and give them to a new coach. It just depends on how you want to play it, whether, you know, you want to just kind of fill up for the end of the year and then, like, maybe hire a coach in the new year. Or if you want to start, you know, slowly giving them clients now.
emily paige: Maybe even just hiring a coach in the new year would be actually. obviously. obviously. Like, you. A better way of going about it because I still feel like I can take on quite a few more girls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. You just don't want get to the point where, like, you run into the issue of fulfillment being your bottleneck because, like, Torrin, for example, he's gone to the point where, you know, he's making these really great sales, but he can't kind of, like, take on any more clients.
emily paige: Like, and you don't want to get to that point.
Kyle Musca: It's a great problem to have, but you don't want to get to that whole point if you can keep growing. But I think, yeah, I don't think it's stressed out at the end of this year. Like, I think you've got the, like, actual legitimate, you know, scarcity, which will play in your favor. So what I think we do, I sent you through those challenge scripts.
emily paige: Did you get a chance to look at them? No, actually. Oh, wait, no, I have because that was on our last call, wasn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I think we do is, I mean, we can definitely, like, play around. You could launch those organically as your reels and stuff if you wanted to. We can, I mean, they are written more like an ad type thing. So we can just do a little bit of an ad spend on. I do still want to, regardless of whether we do that or not, I still want to focus heavily on your organic because you've definitely got the pull there. And I think if you just, you know, push the organic side of things consistently, you'll get a very big amount of attention. The big thing with the challenge and running something like that is you have to be really on top of marketing it, which I think you'll do well organically.
emily paige: So have I showed you my challenge framework, like marketing framework? I'm not sure, but maybe you have. You showed me like a few things, but let's see.
Kyle Musca: So this is essentially it. So the organic side. So I reckon you should probably launch it. I mean, the entries close, I think, around December 20th, from memory. So I reckon you should probably launch it anywhere from the start of December. To 14 days out, realistically.
emily paige: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You don't want it to be too long of a period because then like the hype around it dies down. Yeah. And I think the other thing as well is like if you're taking these calls for it, again, really push the urgency. So if we're saying like 20 spots are open, when you announce 20 spots, you know, the next day you kind of want to be like, okay, already two girls have taken that. And then, you know, like as you're taking these calls and stuff, every time someone signs up, put it on a new story, like another spot gone, another spot gone, another spot gone. Because that will like build a massive amount of FOMO. So essentially this breaks down like exactly what you need to do leading up to it. So if it's, you know, if we do a start of December, then obviously it's going to be a little bit more than 14 days. It's going to be more so about 20 days.
emily paige: Well, it's going to be 20 days, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just, you know, start doing teasers. It's like if I did a news challenge, who would be keen? And I it's to Um, I'm working on something big, you know, maybe like try and take some behind the scenes. Can you guess what's coming? Yada, yada, just leading up into it. And then, you know, if that's 20 days out, then like 15 days out, it's kind of where we do a hard launch, you know, maybe the week after that. Hard launch. I'm so excited to announce I've just launched my New Year's challenge. I've just opened intakes for my New Year's challenge. We officially start January 12th, entries closed, yada, yada, yada, basically with the script say, right?
emily paige: Yeah. I'm thinking like, would it be better to start 14 days out? Cause I'm just thinking from an outsider's point of view, I think that 20 days could be like a bit long.
Kyle Musca: Do you not think it would be better? Initially the, the, the, well, essentially the first week you could do that, um, is like just teasers. You know what mean?
emily paige: You don't actually officially announce it. You're just like, I'm working on something huge. Can you guess what it is?
Kyle Musca: Which is what that is. You know, if I, yeah, I'm thinking about maybe running in a New Year's challenge, who would be keen. Right? Something, you know, behind the scenes, something is big coming.
emily paige: Can you guess what it is? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. You know what mean? Just, like, trying to build, like, anticipation around it. Yeah. And it would be, like, let's say we did that for the first week, right? Because then it's, like, two weeks of an actual hard push from announcement. So would that take us through to the 7th, essentially? Depending on when of the Monday, whenever we decide to do it. You'd probably launch on Monday, but, like, and then you would do, like, hard announcement. And, girls, I'm so excited to announce I've just launched my brand new XYZ challenge. Yeah. Okay.
emily paige: You know what Yeah, that'll be good. And I'm thinking even with the challenge, like, how long do you reckon the duration of it should be?
Kyle Musca: I personally think there's two – no, we don't have enough time to do it the other way. I was going to say there's two ways you could do it. One, we could do kind of a lower ticket, and I'm sure you could get away with, like, $2.99 or something like that for an eight-week challenge. I personally think, just with you going down the higher ticket route, that's Okay. right. Just push the fact that you actually have legitimate scarcity. It's a 12-week challenge. It's exactly what you're offering right now. You don't change anything about any of the actual sales process. It's the same process. We're just wrapping it and saying it's a challenge, which it is.
emily paige: Okay, yeah. And then we can do – I like that point system that we were talking about where, like, if girls post something on their story because that'll just be another way of kind of getting referrals even. And without me having to push so much, if I get the other girls too, because I'm sure they will.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Now, the biggest thing – yeah, definitely. Especially internally. The point system is more so – I mean, for all of them, if you're going to do it, but it's very much for the girls that are already inside the team. Yeah. No, that's – Yeah, because you want to extend them into, you know, March, essentially. want to – because you will get a bit of a drop-off over that Christmas period.
emily paige: It's only natural.
Kyle Musca: It's only It's It's natural. Thank So you kind of wanted something to incentivize them to stick around.
emily paige: Yeah, no, 100%. And I think it'll be good to do that point system. And then obviously I'm going to try to reach out to a few brands even to get some sort of collabs going and just see, like, I can try. It'll obviously be fine with EHP and Define, but the more the better because then we can do like a top three sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no, absolutely. Yeah, yeah. And then it's really just trying to build up as much with you. think, like, what you're, like, content you're currently doing I think is great.
emily paige: Yeah, the stories have been doing well and it's so good because the girls are actually getting insane, like, within, like, the first few weeks, which has been so good. And obviously for them it feels good when I post something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, absolutely.
emily paige: Because you don't do the, like, keeps the talking stuff, do you? No, I don't, because I mainly do that on TikTok, and a lot of girls have come to me from TikTok. But even, like, with everything that I've been posting at the moment, even, like, photo slides, like, I'm incorporating, like, what's it? Just somewhere within the slide, it'll be, like, a girl's transformation, whatever it may be. F-I-L-Z.
Kyle Musca: F-I-L-Z.
emily paige: Yeah. You can see it's all just, like, random, natural, like, making pancakes, and even, like, down. There was one video that got, like, 100,000 views or something, and it was me talking about coaching, or, like, 50,000 views, which was good, and a lot of girls came from that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is there a Yeah, it's there.
emily paige: It's on the left. Second from the left, down one.
Kyle Musca: Hello. Yeah. I'm coaching, okay? And I've worked with so many girls, and I just want to quickly talk about this. I feel like us as girls, I would honestly say about 80% of the girls that I work with have a fixation breakfast. I change their meal plans up weekly, but the one thing that they never want me to change is their breakfast.
emily paige: Do you know what I mean? Like that, like within itself, got a lot of girls following me on Instagram and then wanting to join the coaching because I made it sound like I was talking about it without pushing it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Have you tried doing much talking on your Instagram?
emily paige: I find that on Instagram, it's just like, I don't know, I've done voiceovers and things like that, but not many talking videos.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's completely up to you. Like, you'll definitely know what resonates with your audience and everything like that. Um. Yeah. But I feel like the talking ones you could do, because the talk, Instagram's kind of moved towards like TikTok's old algorithm. So the talking ones like that can like definitely, you know, pop off, especially I with your like energy and everything like that as well. The only reason I say that is because I think one type of video that would work really well for you is basically like kind of what you already do, but just in talking format, if that makes sense.
emily paige: Yeah. Well, do you mean like a voiceover or talking like to camera?
Kyle Musca: So there's a couple. So one, yeah, just talking to camera. So one I think would be really good is like if you were to talk about a certain thing, kind of how you are here, you know, about fixation on breakfast, for example. Yeah. You try and make it coaching related, but then you can plug like a client's transformation in as like an example.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I find that works really well. So like this, for example, one speak about is how much.
emily paige: Everything to do with like the clients and what they've been messaging me and it's all been really good and I think that's definitely helped because every single day I'm getting multiple girls DMing me glow. So it's still, it hasn't completely slowed down. It's not like there's no one messaging about it. Every single time I post something, there's girls responding. But yeah, it's definitely not as hectic as it was when I first posted it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And that's normal. You kind of have to get, I guess in a way, a little bit more creative how you go about doing those things. And that's kind of where like sometimes ads just play, you know, a good sort of role. The other thing I think would work probably really well for you, actually, especially for someone like with your audience and everything, is doing like a bit of like a lead magnet type thing where, especially with like macro and stuff. So for example, in the new year, I want to run a four-week $27 challenge. Sorry, it's four-week $27. It's program, essentially. And then I want to run that as an ad. So as long as I can get a sign-up for less than $27, then essentially my marketing is free.
emily paige: Right.
Kyle Musca: You know mean?
emily paige: Because if I spend $27 on an ad, but someone buys for $27, then I'm breaking even, which means I could theoretically spend a million dollars on ads a month, and I would not spend actually any money. Yeah, right. Okay, yeah, no, I hear what you're saying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, so, and then the good thing about that is you're not, like, doing a hard sell of, like, you know, buy my coaching. It's like, hey, here's this, like, really good value, and then people get into it, and they're like, wow, if she's going to give me all this for this much, imagine what she'll do if I actually, you know, pay her for one-on-one coaching.
emily paige: Yeah, no, that's actually a really good idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then you can kind of go into, you know, and the way I want to set it up is, like, if they don't bite on that, then they just can go into, like, a low-ticket reoccurring of, like, $20 a week or something.
emily paige: Which is the app, anyways.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and it's completely passive, and it's, like... If you want to continue on what you already had, this is your one chance to do it. It's $19.
emily paige: Yeah, okay. When do you think to do something like that?
Kyle Musca: Well, I'm going to wait till the New Year's because there's no point in trying to push a challenge, like a New Year's challenge, and then at the same time, just crossroads. It wouldn't make sense. Yeah, I'm going to wait till the New Year's.
emily paige: Yeah, might as well run with this one and try to make sense of it. I think even just pushing this organically to start off with and seeing, because potentially, like, especially with how many girls have reached out and how many girls Klamet has, like, cycled back to that have said, oh, like, you know, I just got to see it because obviously it's a busy time of year, whatever. If we can even get, like, half of those girls joining, that'll probably be the 20 anyways.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Have you done a magic hat trick?
emily paige: A what?
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. So magic hat trick is basically... Basically like where you go through all the girls who have either inquired about coaching or depends on how refined you want to make it. I basically just do it for anyone who's inquired about coaching and you say like, hey, like once a month, I do a random giveaway for someone who's inquired about coaching. It must be a lucky day because you've won, you've won $500 you can put towards, you know, coaching.
emily paige: Oh.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then you get them back on a call.
emily paige: And then what, take $500 off, whichever?
Kyle Musca: Well, it depends. You can, if they, if you haven't spoken to them and they never actually got to the call, you could just inflate the prices and be like, well, usually it's, you know, $4,000 for three months. Sorry, $4,000 for six months. But because, you know, with that voucher applied, it's just $3,500.
emily paige: Oh my gosh. Yeah. Have you done that?
Kyle Musca: Does that work? The magic hat trick works itself.
emily paige: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, maybe I can even talk to Clemé about that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, you may even want to do it for the challenge. Be like, hey, you know, I'm doing a random giveaway for the girls who want to join the challenge. Must be your lucky day. You could say you were the one girl that won. Yeah. You were one of the three girls that won. I used to say it's you were the one that won.
emily paige: To make them feel a bit more special.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It works really, really well. Just got to be careful of sort of managing who you've done it to because obviously you don't want to do it, you know, now and then in two months' time. You go again and be like, hey, you've won. And it's like, well, I won last time.
emily paige: Like, what are the odds of that? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Or even just like people that know each other.
Kyle Musca: That would be.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you probably weren't right into that too much. But yeah, I mean, that's a little bit harder to avoid.
emily paige: You kind of don't know if they know each other. Yeah. And most of them are not really on the Gold Coast anyways, which is kind of, it's good, but then it's also not because a lot of the girls. Are over in the U.S. or all over Australia. And I want to do something where we bring the girls to the Gold Coast. Ideal.
Kyle Musca: Wow. This is another cool thing I was kind of talking to someone else about. You could always do like, you know, maybe you do a high ticket package. I know you're already selling 5,000 pretty comfortably, which is great. But you could even, I mean, you could do it for that one. Or you could do, again, you could either add like another 1,000 and do like 6,000 or 7,000. And be like, with this, you obviously get access to the entire program. But then you also get to come to our retreat that we do every three months.
emily paige: You know what mean? Wow.
Kyle Musca: And then essentially they would obviously pay for their own trip. Then you can host like a bit of a retreat or something like that.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then that would be your highest ticket. And it's like, oh, it's too expensive. Okay, no worries. You can just go into the program and we actually choose a wild card winner. So, So, like, as long as, you know, if you're committed to getting the results, you still have a chance to actually win a free ticket to come to that.
emily paige: Okay, yeah. That's something that I could definitely start implementing. Do you have, like, that written out somewhere? Like, then obviously when I jump on calls with girls, I can just pitch it and see how it goes.
Kyle Musca: Not necessarily. If you're going to do it, I would just, like, go get a very good understanding of the prices involved, of how much, how many girls you're going to need. Yeah. It's actually going to be the price of, like, the flights and the accommodation for that. And then you can just throw it in there.
emily paige: Okay, yeah. No, definitely.
Kyle Musca: I can do that. And then, yeah, you can host a pretty cool retreat and obviously, you know, get some videos and stuff around that.
emily paige: That'd be cool. Which would be ideal. That's definitely something that I do want to try to organise with the girls even next year, doing something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and again, you could always put it into the chat as well. Like, girls, I'm hosting a retreat. girls, girls, I'm a a hosting If you want to come, I'd probably get on a call with them essentially, but yeah, to girls on the team, like, hey, just for the retreat, all the flights and everything like that, you know, and then it would just be the expenses. If you want to take a little bit of profit on top, you might as well. But, you know, maybe the first one, you just want to try and get as many people involved as possible.
emily paige: Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is, like, I think, you know, when we go to run the challenge and everything like that, obviously put on your stories and everything. But, like, pump it hard in the captions of what you do. You know, and just make it stand out, like, you've got this cap, so maybe, like, caps.
emily paige: Girls, there's only five slots to join the Q's challenge. Yeah. And I can do that at the start of the caption, like, just, like, a PSA, write all that, and then go into the caption.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then just, like, every post you do, like, girls, like, you know, final few days to join the challenge, or, like, three spots left to join the challenge. Yeah, okay. And again, always, like, put the... The total number, so if it's like, let's say, five spots left, it's like...
emily paige: Spell out the word, five.
Kyle Musca: We'll basically say that you open 20, but there's five spots left.
emily paige: Oh, five out of 20 or whatever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 15 of 20 spots have been taken.
emily paige: There's only five spots left. Okay, yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Just to, yeah. Good perspective of it. Yeah, but I think if did that for that, you know... Because girls clearly read this quite a fair bit, I would assume.
emily paige: Yeah, they read the whole thing. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just do the announcements there.
emily paige: You're getting a lot of eyes on them that way. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense?
emily paige: Yeah, everything makes sense there. I think in terms of, like, this sort of marketing through social media, I definitely... There's obviously still so much more to learn, but I think I've kind of figured out... What works? Like, especially at the moment, really talking about skinny fat, because a lot of the girls coming in the calls are feeling like they're quote-unquote skinny fat. So I think just pushing that a lot within my post and, like, figuring out different ways to push it. Like, even those two videos that got, like, 500,000 views each, I used the same first clip but just inverted it because it obviously does well and catches people's eye. So even running with that and even maybe what I've been doing is trying out trial reels and just posting and spamming that, which works. Some of them actually do well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think, again, like, the skinny fat, I literally created a reel, I think, yesterday about, basically, the book was, like, if you like skinny fat and you're not sure whether you should cut fat or bulk, like, please, for the love of God, don't go into bulk. And then explained it and then I was, like, this is, you know, my client Craig, he came to me looking pretty average, like most guys. He wanted to go into bulk. I was, like, no, we're going into a cut.
emily paige: Thank God. We did that because this is what he looks like now. Yeah. Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then again, you can get creative with those because then at the end of it, you could be like, girls, it's like, you know, if you want to be a part of my New Year's challenge, there's only five spots left at the time I post this video. Again, whether you want to put it in the actual video itself or you want to put the captions completely up to you. But yeah, it's another way you can kind of push it.
emily paige: Yeah, I think I'd maybe trial it in the caption first. And then, like, if I was to do the talking video, then towards the end of it, pitch it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Because, like, females don't really talk on camera that often, you know what mean, as well. Like, that's the, you can kind of bring that energy. Like, this girl does really, really well through both her organic, but also, like, her ads basically just talking videos. Wow. Things to come to terms with when you are working toward getting into shape is that nobody will clap. And nobody will understand you until there is enough proof of the work, which takes time. The messy middle isn't often celebrated. Yeah, I mean, obviously you probably come out of a different angle and different, you know, vibe and everything like that. Yeah. And then I'm sure you've probably seen someone like Shelby's out.
emily paige: Yeah, she does really good with her talking videos.
Kyle Musca: She definitely has that energy. Yeah. So it's like, I'm sure, you know, you could probably bring something pretty similar. Again, it's completely up to you. I'm not going to say how to do your content. Yeah. But, yeah, it might be something worth trying.
emily paige: Well, yeah, might as well try something different. I've been doing sort of like the short form content for a while.
Kyle Musca: So who knows? If it does well, then people will feel like they know me more as well. Yeah. Yeah. And I think, like, she does that as well. She does the short form and it pops off.
emily paige: But then, like, she also does the talking videos, which pop off as well. Yeah. The more variety, I think, the better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Like, I literally came to this video the other day. know. I don't Like, don't know. Thank you. So good way I like to do it is like come into Reels and just see what videos like get really good reach.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for example, oh, she unpeded it.
emily paige: Which one was it? Because I've probably seen it.
Kyle Musca: This one.
emily paige: Oh, no.
Kyle Musca: So. Six years of sales experience in the next 60 seconds. Let's rock. People don't buy. And then I, and then I, yeah, I literally just broke that down. I was like six, six fat loss myths in 60 seconds. Yeah. Yeah, man. And then I just like took that and just ran with it in my own direction.
emily paige: Well, I mean, yeah, that's like kind of what you should be doing though. get inspo from other content that's doing well at the moment and then make it your own.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, a hundred percent. Yeah. And then I think if pair that up, it would just add to your content. Yeah. Obviously. Yeah. Yeah. It's to keep doing what you're doing because it's working and just play around some of these things as well.
emily paige: Yeah, I think that's definitely something that I need to start incorporating because I've said for the longest time that I need to switch up my content and even like do more of the voiceovers and more of the other stuff. I think it's just that obviously the short forms are most likely to go off, but if there were a video of me talking for a minute that went viral, that would definitely generate more follows and I think more clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I think the other thing with it as well is like the content you do, I mean, what it is, is good because it's like inspirational. very fitness related and everything like that. So it usually I wouldn't say that content is great at converting, but I think the way you do it is. But the talking videos and stuff, it gives you the opportunity to actually like add proper value. So it's like that brings content, you know, eyeballs onto your profile and content and feed and everything. And then they stumble onto that one that may not go as viral, but they.
emily paige: can actually see that you're knowledgeable and everything like that in terms of the coaching space. Yeah, and they've got more to kind of scroll through as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and they can actually start to see who you are as a person and form that relationship. That's like a double-edged sword because like, you know, there's girls like, I don't want to throw on the bus here or anything, but like Finlay's a great example. She never posts any, you know, talking content, but she's got like such a large audience. And I feel like a lot of that is, is because, you know, girls kind of form their own image of who she is in their head.
emily paige: You know what mean? Yeah. I mean, yeah, her content, she doesn't really provide much value. think with it either, it's more so just like workouts and obviously like define and stuff like that, which is great, does well for her. But I definitely think that because every single video that I post that does well is because of the caption having like tips within it because people are reading through it. That's the reason why like the video is going over and over, but I definitely. Like, that should be my focus for this week as well as everything else in terms of content to just do more talking.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just, I mean, just to test it out, you know what mean? Yeah. Just to see the distraction there. You create all these on edits, I assume?
emily paige: On CapCut, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, really?
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Try, you may even want to try to do it on edits. Basically the exact same as CapCut because, but because of edits is Instagram's actual native app, they actually will push it harder in the algorithm and reward you for posting through it.
emily paige: Oh, okay. Well then, yeah, I'll try that. Yeah, because I've only ever used CapCut for everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like the exact same, but you can see, no one does it on the laptop. No, it doesn't do it on the laptop.
emily paige: Oh, it's made with edits?
Kyle Musca: Is that it? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, because they want more people on their platform. Like, they're going to reward you. And they've actually publicly said they will reward you for posting through edits.
emily paige: Okay. Okay, well, I'll try that out, even, like, with the talking video and see if that pushes it, because it'll be the first video that I use with it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And it's really easy to do the green screens and everything like that on there. Okay. The other thing is, do you have any, like, free of ways, like lead magnet stuff?
emily paige: No, not.
Kyle Musca: That might even be, you know, a good idea, because then, again, you're not always pushing, just coaching. And it's a great way to start lead generation stuff. So, it's like, you know, if you're talking about pizzas and stuff, maybe you do, you could do maybe, like, a guide for weight loss for women, or you could do, like, a, you know, 20 recipe meal plan or something like that.
emily paige: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's relevant to the content piece itself. But, like, he's got a bit of a cheat code for this, to be fair. Like, he, Torrin, we spoke about doing this with Torrin's stuff. Like, yeah. Like, And, you know, comment this and I'll send you through this and it's like 7,000 comments.
emily paige: Yeah, if they comment like a certain word and then what, just meta, mini chat or whatever, we'll send them the link.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then Clemé will start messaging off the back end of that. That's, you know, 7,000, 4,000, that's 5,000, that's 5,000 leads Clemé now has to chat to.
emily paige: Oh my God.,000. Yeah, see, because that's sort of similar, like, to what my cousin, he does. I really want to get him, like, in communication with you as well. Like, he needs to get a business coach because he's actually, like, got so much potential. That was something I was going to tell you about as well because I'm going to get him to message you because I'm seeing him next week. And he's the type of person where he does so well for himself. He's got literally, like, I don't even know how many followers on Instagram and makes so much money. But he's so limited because he doesn't invest in his business, like, at all. I don't And he doesn't have anyone sending messages for him. It's literally just him and my auntie like filming videos together, which I'm like, don't understand how you're even doing well at the moment. Like it's crazy, but he's definitely reached a point now where I feel like his content isn't growing and his account isn't growing. And obviously he's just got an e-book and I'm like, you need some sort of subscription thing or a way of getting people to pay more than just a one-time e-book payment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely.
emily paige: But that's something that you would be able to help him with. But I think that just getting him in communication with you will help him get the ball rolling because I think he's just too comfortable.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I'm happy to chat with him for sure. Yeah, I'd appreciate it if he said something to him.
emily paige: Of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm happy to chat with him. Yeah, I think that will probably be like the next steps in the new year for us. Like looking at is just building out. I mean. You've got macro, which is such a huge sort of perk in terms of like running things that are really automated. So it's like, don't even think we need that many free resources as such. We could just direct people straight into that. And then ideally, the good thing about that is like it gets them onto the system. And then if they want to like upsell their car details and everything are there. So it's like, cool, do you want go into coaching?
emily paige: Yep, sweet. I'll just process that and back in. Yeah, which would be good if I could get that done. Maybe I need to talk to macro about doing that.
Kyle Musca: In terms of?
emily paige: Do you mean like when people are already within macro, like let's say they're in there? Because a lot of girls come from the app and want the one-to-one coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's the only thing you'd have to figure out there is like how to convert them onto something else. Because that kind of takes away, I mean, it's not the end of the world. But I mean, it's definitely better than not having anything. But it kind of takes. So for example. of world. Oh. That's Thank You know, if I came in a stripe, and then, let's say someone's coming through, like a, it's going to make me log in. Okay, never mind. Yeah. Like, they've already been created as a customer. All their information is there, all their card details there. So it's like, cool. So, yeah, like three months, it's going to be $3,000. Same good to you. Yep, sweet. You don't have to send them anything. Cool. I mean, your account's already there. So what I'll do is I'll get to work on everything in the back end. You're good for me to process that payment now.
emily paige: Yep, sweet. And then you just, like, put it through. You don't need to send them a link to pay it or anything like that. Yeah. See, that would be the easiest way to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I think, again, your audience and how much you're getting, if you just did, like, DM me, dollar-a-day program or something like that, like, it would go hard.
emily paige: Yeah, that's what I've to do. I just need to start, like, implementing, like, a few strategies, I think, just to keep the ball rolling in, if anything. Thank you. And it even more. Yeah. And And then definitely looking at a coach. just want to get like, even if I don't get someone joining on right away, it'd be good to at least have an idea of a few girls that could potentially be coaches.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, I ran an ad for Tom because he's also looking for a coach. And he's been like $35 and got like over 30 applicants. So it's pretty easy to find a coach when we're ready for that.
emily paige: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Does that all make sense?
emily paige: Yeah, I think definitely. I think the biggest focus for me now is just starting to push those talking videos for one. And then also with the challenge, I just want to get as much organized as possible for that. Even reaching out and figuring out like potential prizes, getting that all sorted. And then also coming up with a strategy. I can even like chat GPT it on because you've already sent me through. I'm pretty sure that content strategy. I'm With the challenge. So even just like, I'm pretty sure that you've sent it to me as a message, just putting that into ChatGPT. And I've already got ChatGPT premium with all my staff. So they kind of understand what my audience is and all that and how I post. And then getting a strategy together and trying to film as much as possible now so that I can just post as I go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. And then again, it is completely up to you if you want to run an ad or not. Because what we could do is we could just like film the scripts that I sent you through. And then basically, we could just run that as like a retarget ad to your, anyone that's engaged in your Instagram account or any of your followers and stuff like that.
emily paige: Right.
Kyle Musca: So it's like basically just a big announcement going straight to a warm audience.
emily paige: Oh, okay. Well then, yeah, we'll see how it goes as well. Like even in the first week, if it seems to be doing really well, because I know you said anyways, it's usually within that last week or probably when I start getting down to, oh, there's only five spots. Where people are like, okay, I need to reach out. But I still do think that it'll do quite well organically.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Definitely. It's just like, I guess, having that as a backup option if we need to push it. just like having that perception. And then, again, completely up to you whether you want to do this or not. Like if you film those like sort of ad style videos, I mean, you could always just run that as a reel. You're getting up to you though.
emily paige: Yeah. Yeah, I think that would be good to do. And then I can just like, I won't make it sound too advertisement-esque. Or even it doesn't matter if it doesn't go viral as long as I guess you post it. And then if another video does well, like you said, people scroll through and they'll come across it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it's like not geared to go viral at all.
emily paige: Yeah, no, literally.
Kyle Musca: But I'll use edits and maybe that'll push it out a bit more. Yeah, 100%. Ideally, right. But all we need to do now is just like, yeah, get prepared for this challenge and execute on it. And then, like, you should be good right through to December, like, right through to January.
emily paige: Yeah, no, 100%. And then what started in January?
Kyle Musca: Like, the first week of January, I think we said the second week. Yeah, I think we said the 12th, because, like, usually people are pretty lazy after that first week or so. And then that will also give us, like, a little bit of a window of opportunity to kind of be, like, depending on where you're at, if you're full, then you're not going to need it. But you could also just do, like, you know, basically from the first week of January to the challenge start, or maybe that second week, have a seven-day period where you just do another really hard push. Like, I'm opening up the second intake for seven days only. I've been getting a lot of girls who missed out on the challenge who really are keen to join. For the next seven days, I'm reopening the doors for 10 girls only.
emily paige: Yeah, okay. I think that'll do well as well, because that'll get those last-minute stragglers.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, plus to all the people that, like, were kind of lazy, didn't they? Take action at the end of, like, last year, and we're like, I'll just wait for the new year type thing, and we'll, like, try and pick up on them.
emily paige: Yeah, okay. Okay, yeah, so I know exactly what I need to do now anyways, just kind of get organized for this challenge, and is there anything else, like, anything else that you would suggest that I, like, start off by doing now, or?
Kyle Musca: Not, not really. Again, I think you'll be fine organically as long as you stay on top of pushing it. And then, I think, probably start planning out how you're going to run the internal side of things in terms of point systems and everything.
emily paige: Yeah, because you don't have anything with that. I can just chat GPT it, because I know the concept anyways. Like, obviously, best transformation will get, like, a huge amount of points, because that is obviously the main focus. But then also, I do want to have ways where the girls are feeling more like, okay, let me post what I eat in a day. Let me post a reel, or, like, whatever it may be. Because if one of their videos goes. Then it's like, I don't have to really do anything. And people come from the girls that are already on as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a hundred percent. The other thing is like when you launch the challenge officially, maybe, well, one, you're going to tell all the girls inside that you're launching because you're running like an internal challenge that's separate from that. But then again, that's another great way to, you know, add in like a referral thing. know, and like this is, you know, if you've got a friend who said they're going to start in the year, this is a great opportunity for them to start. Plus, if they end up joining, you'll get $250, whatever you decide to make it, just for them to join.
emily paige: Yeah, that's a really good idea. I think that be a really great way to get people on as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you do get on a referral call, by the way, make it known that one, the person who referred them knows they're chatting and two, the person who referred them gets a reward. So like $200, right? Or $250. And make it known that they'll know that that's already the case. So it's like if you... You know, let's say, you know, Sarah, you know, just by referring you, Sarah's going to get $200. She's aware of that and everything like that, obviously, we're a little bit better. But essentially what that does is like psychologically goes, well, I don't want to say no because it feels like I'm, you know, not allowing Sarah to have $200.
emily paige: Oh, my God. Yeah. Yeah. That's because obviously, yeah, that's actually such a good psychological trick there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
emily paige: And if they don't join, then they know Sarah and Sarah will know that they didn't join. Sarah's going to be pissed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
emily paige: Exactly. Yeah. Okay. No, that's a really good idea.
Kyle Musca: think that'll work really well. Yeah. So I think if execute on those fronts, like you should be fine if was 20 spots easily.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm going to start doing that now. I'm actually really keen to just get that organized. So I'll start talking to chat and get that sorted. Also, I'm going to make sure to message my cousin and tell him to message you. I'll send you a message and I'll. Ask if he has messaged you, because I actually really want him to just have you as a business coach, because I think that will just scale his business so much.
Kyle Musca: Because you've probably seen his account. He does well, but...
emily paige: Who is he? I'm You know Aussie Fitness?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. He does so well.
emily paige: Yeah, and you know what? He's at a point now where all he does is his e-books. So, yeah, it's good. It's great. But he doesn't invest in anyone, like, reaching out to people, like, messaging, or he doesn't, like, have an idea on how he can scale his business, because he's obviously not an online coach, so he can't do, like, an EBT-esque sort of, like, app. But I said to him, you can do an app. Like, people that want to lose weight, they like to eat, like, , and that's what he posts, but makes it healthy. And I'm like, you can just get there, like, a sort of app going together where they get inspo and do exclusives.
Kyle Musca: Well, he can just run it through Macro and upload all these recipes into that.
emily paige: Literally. Like, see, that's what I mean. You can just tell him that as it is, and I think that... You two would actually get along as well because he's very just, like, chill, calm, and he's that type of person that needs, he just needs someone who knows a bit more than him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, yeah, he's got a massive following. He would crush it, especially recurring.
emily paige: I mean, like, he doesn't have any recurring thing except, obviously, his pub macros, which makes him, like, a  ton of money monthly. But I'm like, I said to him, I'm like, if you're doing this good now, can you imagine if you had something where all those people that have paid one time for an e-book, if they paid, like, at least averaging, let's say, two months?
Kyle Musca: It would also work really well for his macro partnership because you can, like, I've got it attached in my macro that takes them straight to the macro website with the link, the discount already attached. So, like, you could always add it as, like, if you want, like, a full, you know, week's worth of meals, basically, straight from pub macros, I'm sure you could work out something with Marco. Yeah. Um, where it's like part of the subscription.
emily paige: That would see. Okay. Yeah. I need, I want to see him. I'm going to tell him all of this because I just, I don't care. He can, he has to, like, he needs a business coach. Like he actually does. Cause yeah, if I was in his position, oh my God, I'd be absolutely making the most of it. But I think just because he's never done something like that before and he's already doing so well within his, just him and my auntie working together. Like that's literally his only employee. I'm like, you can have so many people doing the behind the scenes stuff, but anyways, I'll text you about it anyway to make sure that he does reach out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Only if he wants to.
emily paige: No, well, he'll want to, and he'll be happy that he did. You know what I mean? Like that's probably everyone that you work with at the start. If they're skeptical, they always end up being like, you know, happy. So that'll be him too.
Kyle Musca: He just needs to take the first step. That's actually it. Yeah. Yeah, 100%. Cool. I'm happy to chat to him about all that stuff. Yeah. I'll be honest with him, probably maybe even better just to wait off to the New Year's now. It's probably not a good time to start pushing up that coaching coming into Christmas. But yeah, we can chat about all that stuff.
emily paige: No, it'd be good anyway, just to get on a call with him at least now and get that sort of sword in. I'll plant the seed in his head. I've planted it in his head a few times already, but I haven't pushed him too hard. But he seems keen, like he's actually listening. So that'll be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome. Okay. Well, yeah, that'd be awesome. And yeah, if you have any questions on the challenge stuff or how to go about it, just let me know. I think you'll be all over it organically.
emily paige: Yeah, no, I think it's good. I definitely know what I need to do now. So now it's just about actually getting it done, which I will.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome. Is there anything else you want to run over at all?
emily paige: No, I think that was pretty much everything. Like that was the main thing sort of with the challenge, just getting a clear idea of what I need to do, which now I do have. So I'm going to go get that organized now. that's fine. Not if I want. you do have any questions, I'll message you anyways. But, yeah, I pretty much know what I need to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
emily paige: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: All right. Well, yeah, let's just execute now.
emily paige: Perfect. Well, thank you so much, Kyle. I really appreciate it. No, that's all good. Yeah, again, if you need me, just sing out. Okay, perfect. I'll talk to you soon. Yeah, perfect. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 16/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-21T04:48:54Z | id:103369806
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Torin McGlynn: How you going? Good, man.
Kyle Musca: How are you? Good, good. How's Bollet training?
Torin McGlynn: It's good. It's good. A little bit dusty today. Hadn't drank alcohol in a very long time. But we're still fresh. Closed a deal just before this call. Got a 6k US package. It's  huge.
Kyle Musca: Nice, man. Still a little more over there, which is beautiful.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. I'm surprised you haven't got Bollet yet.
Torin McGlynn: No, no, no. I didn't get Bollet in seven months of living here. I told you I lived here for seven months of this year. For seven months.
Kyle Musca: I didn't I think you mentioned that you were there for a little bit. didn't realize it was that long.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it was January to August. That's when I went to Dubai then.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, I never got body body. That's impressive. was there for a month.
Torin McGlynn: You put in me at the health, I am.
Kyle Musca: Immune system of a god. Yeah. I was there for a month, I got it twice.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, really? Wow. Everyone around me got it.
Kyle Musca: Every single person around me got it. And I just didn't get it. I only ate in one restaurant three times a day. Oh, yeah. That makes sense, man. I was like pretty loose with it. I'm not going to laugh. Yeah. Yeah. Cool, man. All right. Well, we've been. How has this week been overall?
Torin McGlynn: It's good. It's frustrating because I need to hire a coach, but I've interviewed some more and I still don't like them. And it's still, there's a pressure there, right? Because I obviously am signing clients. It's better. This week I've obviously taken some time off calls. only had two sales calls this week. On the form I said I had one, I closed the one, and then I had two, I closed the two. I've got two more after this. They're pretty hot leads too, so let's see how they go. Obviously took some time off the sales calls, which is good, because I obviously need to slow down. I'll probably just keep doing that, to be honest. Obviously have some time for sales calls, but just have less time for them, because do you think that that would, like, then the people that do get in would be hotter, because it's not as much time, so they need to kind of find the time?
Kyle Musca: What do you mean by that?
Torin McGlynn: Okay, so like, this week I've booked out my calendar, in terms of like, I just blocked some time off, so I can actually just relax and stuff, but I haven't really been relaxing, because there's so many client start-ups. And then the time that Plame and the setters can actually book in my calendar is, there's not as many times for it, right? Which has helped with productivity and stuff because I'm not like, you know, getting into client startups and then all of a sudden I have a sales call and then my mind is a bit different and then I try to go back into client startups. What I'm thinking is that's what I'll do, which is like make my calendar less accessible in hopes that the sales calls I do have because there's less space for them are more qualified. Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I wouldn't necessarily say that. Okay. It's like, you know, if someone's working a lot and can't afford it, you know, I mean, they might not be able to go out of their way to sort of like make those times if that makes sense. And then you might run into the opposite problem where it's like the people that can make it just have all the time on their hands and that's why they can make it, you know?
Torin McGlynn: Ah, true. And then they have a  job.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it's like, okay, well, . Yeah. Yeah, again, the biggest thing is just hiring a coach. How many coaches have you spoken to?
Torin McGlynn: Maybe like seven.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Torin McGlynn: There's definitely potential for more. Some of these applications aren't great, or they're just from Nigeria. There's a few Nigerians in there. And a lot of girls are, like, there's a good few girls on the sheet, but it's also just finding the time to interview them. I did two in a row, and they just weren't great. Like a bad accent, and just people I wouldn't trust in my clients, to be honest. I know that I could be better with actually just interviewing more people, because there's 40 applications that can interview more people, for sure. So it's partly on me. don't think there's anything that we can do to make it faster, other than me just actually prioritizing the time. But I've tried to do that, and then I don't get a response in time from someone, and it's just like, then I get swamped with like... Client startups. again, it's a time thing. So maybe it's just a case of actually going into my calendar and like blocking out two hours where I just say, coach, hire coach, hire coach, hire coach, like every day.
Kyle Musca: Man, if it's that big of a problem, I would just like, if anything, stop taking sales calls and just start taking interview calls. Because again, you're like right at the brink now of where you've run into a fulfillment problem to the point you're having to pull back sales calls and everything like that. when realistically, it's like, if you had to do that, just rip the bandaid off. If you have to shut out an entire week of sales calls just to  hire a coach, then I would like prioritize that heavily. Because there's no point in taking, you know, three calls one week, three calls week two, three calls week three, because you don't have the availability to hire a coach when you could just block off a week. And then it's like, cool, man, I can take 20 calls next week.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, so that's, that's very true. That's very true. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I just spend the time to say, like, reach out to them all, hey, let's get on an appointment, and just  back-to-back-to-back-to-back. Like, if it's 15 minutes and you just want to power through them, just, like, back-to-back-to-back-to-back and, like, set a goal, end of Tuesday, I want to coach hard.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, let's do that. Let's do that. I'm going to go Saturday, I'm flying home, spend the time there, and then I'm going to book out my full... Sunday, and just say, hire a coach. Set up the interviews for Tuesday, and then I'll put them in there.
Kyle Musca: Coach. Yeah, even Monday, Tuesday. Mate, just Monday, because, like, realistically, if can just get it sorted Monday, Tuesday, the rest of the week, you're good to go.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I'm actually just going to book out, like, full... I'm just putting it in coach, where it says it. I'll do sales calls halfway through the week. But also, I need to sort out the... SOPs too. Yeah, it's crazy, like, it's annoying me that I'm, because it's not even that I'm not organized or, like, being not productive or procrastinating, it's just other  is getting in the way so much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, as we've been saying, it's, you know, good problems to have, like, you know, getting to the point where you can't take on more work is a problem a lot of people can't, like, never even experience, you know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, 100%. I'm not even at that point yet. I still can coach more people. That's the thing. I'm not at that point where it's, like, every second of the day is coaching clients. I can still probably take on 10 more. I just know that then we're getting to that, like, point where I will, like, I can't grow the business to a certain amount that I can. Like, I should be able to do downsells.
Kyle Musca: I'm not doing downsells, where that's money made, right, for the time that I'm on the sales call. Yeah, there's also two different types of currencies, man. Like, one obviously is the money side of things. Which is great. But then the other is your time. You know what mean? It's like you could take on 10 more clients, but then you would have no time. You'd be extremely time poor. And you can't go and, you know, focus on these other marketing strategies and employees that we want to do in the future.
Torin McGlynn: You know, and like hiring a coach gets them onto the fulfillment side of things.
Kyle Musca: So I was like, cool, let's go focus on building out some funnels, building out some things that we can give some people and draw in more leads.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, that's the thing, because there's so much exciting stuff we can do, which will not only help with the time thing, but it will help with the financial thing, too. Yeah, we're at 50K for the month, by the way.
Kyle Musca: We hit the 50K mark.
Torin McGlynn: 21 days in, which is .
Kyle Musca: Pretty cool. Yeah, that's very sick, man. And then there's the other stuff we could do as well, man. There's like low-ticket stuff that we could look at getting going for you. like there's a bunch of other stuff that we could do. We just... just... need the time to be able to do it, know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, the cookbook is something that I just, if you saw, if you had like access, well, you do have access to my DMs, but so many people ask like for a bigger cookbook than the free one I give. I really do think that it would sell, it would sell well if it was like 27 bucks or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. I'm actually, I'm going to book in a call with Alfie and his team and stuff just to see if he pulls up your name as a reference. Because, like, if you break down his, like, lead funnel, man, like, you can definitely, you know.
Torin McGlynn: He does, like, a playbook.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But again, you could do a $27 meal plan, or, you know, recipe book. But he also does stuff like this, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, he adds up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he pumps through it, man. You should see mine. I reckon if I search mine, you'd be ...
Torin McGlynn: But you have a lot of ads?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I tested a lot. Playing around with different things, man. I just get in big muggers. He might have actually taken it down. It looks like he's taken it down since then. He's only got graphics.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, so he actually has visual ads, just graphic ads, too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but these are for free stuff, I think. I might be for his $20.7 thing. This must be for a masterclass.
Torin McGlynn: That's when we hit the 100k months, is when I can actually get my fulfillment and get a coach. It's 100k months, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm trying to find the one. I'm just thinking of October 25. I don't understand. I literally, like, looked this up this morning. Might be this one, that's how we get it. But essentially what comes in here, man, is join my free workshop now. I assume it would be the same  funnel, man. You put your details in here, and then one, it sends you messages and stuff, which would be set up through GROW high-level. So, yeah, Amplify Demo Call. Yeah, so as soon as I downloaded it, hey, Kyle, here's your access to whatever the  I downloaded, I can't even remember. And then like three hours later or something, it's quick one, have you booked in your roadmap call yet? That's where we'll apply a three-step content engine to your business, and then it's just like booking straight into it, which I assume would probably be like a triage call.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What's that? It's basically like what the DM said it does. It's like a 10-minute conversation just to be like, you know, where you're at and just qualifying me, essentially, which is what I had this morning.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, you know what? That's exactly – I actually met someone that does that. It's not even – they're not making even the sale on that call. They're just kind of like warming them up in a way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just a way of qualifying, essentially.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's exactly what it is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so, like, could definitely do stuff like that as well. You know mean? I've actually got more followers than them now. Yeah, exactly. So, it just be a matter of, like, actually having the time and the freedom to properly sit down and look at doing that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah. Coach, coach, coach is the number one thing. I've literally just booked it in my calendar now. the other thing is, how do you think I should go about Getting the emails. know that we kind of mentioned this, where I should try to get all these emails going. What's the exact way you think I should do that, like, to collect them?
Kyle Musca: So ideally, like, a landing opt-in page, like ClickFunnels or something, would be the easiest.
Torin McGlynn: Depends if you want to do a landing page or not. I have a landing page for the training thing I do. That's how I've already collected the 3K emails that I You have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would do it on ClickFunnels, to be honest, or something. Something like an actual landing page builder that's pretty much drag and drop, because, like, landing pages themselves can get  expensive to continuously, like, duplicate and build out. Like, you can technically do it through GoHalove and everything like that, but even for something simple, I would have to pay, like, 500 bucks, whereas on ClickFunnels, I can pay someone, like, 100 bucks to do.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, because the one I have is on lead pages. Um, but if you think ClickFunnels is the one, that's fine.
Kyle Musca: Um, because, well, I don't know, maybe, like, if LeapPages does the job fine, then it's fine. But, like, ClickFunnels.
Torin McGlynn: Sorry, I'm just sending you on Instagram what it looks like.
Kyle Musca: So, essentially, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I sent it to you on WhatsApp, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Wow.
Torin McGlynn: This is what it looks like.
Kyle Musca: What does this give you access to?
Torin McGlynn: Just an email sequence, 30 days, that I brought out.
Kyle Musca: Right, right. Okay, how hard was it?
Torin McGlynn: Build stuff on this. Pretty  easy, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, like, ClickFunnels, man, you can come into here, and, like, this is my $27 one, I'm slowly putting together on the back end for the NeuroLeader, pretty much built, to be honest. And, one, we'll go preview first. We'll go edit. I'm literally just duplicating, essentially, Alfie's page.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah,  yeah.
Kyle Musca: I have to still, like, obviously continue rebranding it to myself.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, it literally is. It's literally is, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I just got my guide, because it's called Funnel Hacking. It's kind of like content hacking, and you just find something that works. He's already gone and proven that it works. Why would I go test something, other tweaks and methods and stuff like that, you know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: I'm getting 400,000 followers, actually. Yeah, yeah, I mean, if it works, works. Wait, is this for, is this going be for fitness, or are you,
Kyle Musca: Is this for being a mentor? This is for fitness. If you're a guy who's been trying to lose some weight, get a little bit leaner, maybe even get a six-pack. You've been putting in the effort when it comes to training and nutrition, but no matter what you do, nothing seems to work, then you're in the right place because I don't need this specifically for you.
Torin McGlynn: Now, before we get started...
Kyle Musca: It's long. It's six minutes long. Yeah, so it's a VSL, right? We want people to give... If someone watches this for six minutes, they should be very bought in. So essentially, you're going have emotional buyers. They would trust you. They see the $27, they're like, I want that,  yeah. VSL and everything else is just kind of designed to give them more... Like, the logistical buyers a little bit more peace of mind of what they're actually buying.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. So this is going be like a challenge or something?
Kyle Musca: No, I mean, it doesn't have to be. Like, it can be something as simple as pretty much what you've got here. There's just a lot more versatility in... It depends what we're talking about, but there's a lot more versatility. So, for example, when I click... This is the actual editing of ClickFunnels, and it's very easy to just drag and drop things. I don't want to  around with this right now. But you add different sections. You can add VSLs very easily. Images. I can do it all myself. I just paste them on the setup.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Another one. If you go into just tornredpath.com, I don't know if you've ever seen this. Don't have the force. Yeah, just that. That's like a VSL.
Kyle Musca: Hello and welcome to my online coaching. In the next couple of minutes, I'm describe to you exactly how my online coaching works and if it's the right fit for you. First of I'd like to point out this is not a quick fix. I work with my clients to understand how their body works and how we can make change forever. This isn't one of those programs that's going to overpromise results. No losing 10 kilos in two weeks. It's actually understanding your body, how it works, and how we can make change forever and reach your goals the fastest way we possibly can.
Torin McGlynn: How I do this is using my five physique fundamentals. I've transformed over 500 people with these systems. So it's safe to say that these are tried and tested. The first fundamental is going to be training. I optimize your track...
Kyle Musca: The only issue with doing something like this is just there's no pre-qualification, right? Yeah. So, for example, and that's where something like ClickFunnels comes into play because you can add conditional logic. So a good example of conditional logic is, do you know what conditional logic is?
Torin McGlynn: No. Oh, wait, if they click this thing, this thing happens.
Kyle Musca: That kind of thing? Yeah. So, like, for example, I made my application form yesterday. And if I go into view, oh, you prick. Technically, I mean, you could set it up as simple as this if you really wanted to.
Torin McGlynn: So if I say working full-time. Oh, I see.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, then it takes me through the booking. Yeah, But if I were to say working anything else, then it takes me to, sorry, but full, you can sign up here. Oh, true. Yeah. see. I mean, so that's basically conditional logic. And you can see it here as well already. And this is like kind of where it would be really good to get to. So you can want to do Alex and Moses thing, right? If I say, I don't know about that stuff, don't want plan around that, but let's say I make a mil to three mil a year, annual business revenue, then a VSL of Alex is going to come up. Let ask you a question. Have you ever felt like you can't take a vacation without spending half your time on your laptop? Right. And then book, obviously you put a time in there, so you can't book a call until you watch the VSL. Okay. What did just describe there? Or delegating? Yeah, which I assume is only a minute, right? So, yeah. Cool. Whereas if I came back here and I said, and this is where this is good, right? This is why. Let's say I do 100k, right? Then I just go straight into the roadmap. You know what mean? Because it's like, hey, here's the value. mean, go be a really... And this is how, like, Alex and Mosey's built such a huge following. He only works with people that are, you really top level and have the money to spend. So he just makes all these, like, like, actually free valuable things and just gives them away to other people. So everyone goes and tells all their friends, like, you've got to watch this dude. He's so  good. You know what mean? And then it's like, you know, you can go through this entire course. And then, like, if you get to a million dollars a year, man, who do you think you're going to have, like, go and be, you know, willing to invest 50 grand into, 100 grand into? All right, because he's taken everyone that's in the information gathering phase, whether they're pre-qualified or not, and then he's just given them the information to close that gap.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, totally makes sense.
Kyle Musca: I mean, obviously you don't have to get it as decked out as this, but it's a good example.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, well, this is all the stuff I can do when I have more time, but it's good to plan these things and have it in the pipeline, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, there's nothing stopping you from doing. And you can take, like, each one of these videos and do its own little thing for it. Yeah, I mean, like, you know, I just made a video on how to, you know, if you're at 0 to 10K a month, I've just made a video on how to monetize your business. You know what mean? If you're at 5 to 10K a month, I've just made a video on how to advertise your business, how to market your business. You know what mean? And then give those things away for free.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. So in my instance, it might be like, just... What, about last training, or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've just made a full masterclass on the five, again, you call it, you jazz it up, the five most important factors when it comes to, you know, breaking down what's on your plate. And I've just put them into a 10-minute video so you never struggle with X, Y, Z again.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, it doesn't even have to be that, it could be something as simple as what, um, what Alfie does, man, where it's just like, it could be a $27  cookbook, right? Or it could be, um, going live soon. So he's doing a, um, a live webinar, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. If I did a menopause one in America, I'd make  bank.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. Exactly what you do. Yeah. You know mean? The modern dream is not a white picket fence in America. The modern dream Your is to be working out, barefoot, no top, in your backyard at 10am. You're a coach that's still running around in the gym, or maybe you've gone to an online business, but it's struggling to grow, and you're wearing every hat across marketing, sales, and fulfillment. You if you're a woman in her 40s who's, you know, trying to lose weight, or maybe you're just trying to balance your hormones so you don't feel  all the time. You don't have a lead problem, you have a systems problem. You need a clear content engine. You don't have a discipline problem, you have a structure problem. Yeah, he's got a sick editor, and like, his ads are pretty sick. Leads to your business, you need a sales system, and a fulfillment system that is going to drive consistent referrals to your business. You want to unlock all three across marketing, sales, and fulfillment, then click the link below and join me on a 90-minute live webinar, where I'm going to be taking you through exactly how to implement this system into your business. The modern dream is not white picket fence America.
Torin McGlynn: It really doesn't chat GBT as well.
Kyle Musca: Like, that ad is rubbed by chat GBT, I know it is. Oh, hold on. 100%, it would be.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, everyone's there. Which is not a bad thing there, obviously. Yeah, that's all ChatGPT, too, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I see he's probably turned everything off just to push this live webinar now.
Torin McGlynn: 460 ads he has that he's put up all the time, though, think.
Kyle Musca: That's not active.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Still, though, that's  a lot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so it should go active now. But, again, you could do all this stuff, and that's what I want to get us into.
Torin McGlynn: just need to have 300k months, right there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, right.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: $29 content playbook, right. If you're struggling to make content, then listen up. Joe had no clue how to start making content, and after three months, he was stuck at under 500 followers. He was struggling with overthinking, accountability, and no structured system. Because, again, if you can just get a cost per purchase. So I know that $29, man, you are  golden.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, for sure, for sure.
Kyle Musca: So those are really the things I want to get into with you. And again, see, the biggest problem is like, you know, we could do a hard push for like a challenge, which would be a fantastic time to do it in December, but there's not going to be much point because you can't take on many clients.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'll do what, like literally Monday, Tuesday is all about getting a coach.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Clicking your own strategy. Again, it's not going to be hard to click team. Well, maybe we could even like, if we really need to, man, like maybe we could, should even shift towards that now where you've got the time because there's no point in us continuing just to, I mean, keep taking the calls and everything. Thank you. You're wrong. Make some sales. But, like, you know, there's no point. You're going to hit a wall very soon.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah. It's really cool. The one thing that's good about this is that, like, all of it's profit. Like, everything's profit. Since we started with my DUI bank account three months ago, there's, like, 100 grand in it, which is  in three months. Like, untouched 100k just in the bank.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which is nice.
Torin McGlynn: But, yeah, obviously, there's the side of things that we can get into. Yeah, it's just about getting a coach, man. It's just about getting a coach. Literally, so many doors open when I get a coach.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because at the same time, man, I could say, go put together, like, a recipe e-book, which, to be fair, you could get a VA, but even this would require you to go hire a VA. But, like, I don't even know if you'd have the time to properly do that, you know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, so with Sage's one, just to make it easier, because... They're screened, and I don't mind paying the $15, and Sage showed me all his back-end stuff that his VA does, and it would be perfect for me if I can just get the guy to do exactly what he does for his business, then I think that would help me in so many different ways.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Because, like, I could imagine you doing a, maybe that's what we should do in the meantime, then, is, do you have to go all of them?
Torin McGlynn: Yes, I do. Except, did I tell you that I have this, like, stupid thing where they just don't send me a text message? I will get it, though. But continue?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because go all of them will be good to put your emails into, and then you can email out of that. But essentially, what we should, I think what we look at doing now, and just starting to get the, it started to be built out, essentially, is you hiring a VA, going to get your VA to go through all your content you've done, put it into a lower, Calorie-high protein version, like an e-book, recipe book, and then just grab that, have that as a lead magnet. You can make a video out of, you know, I've reviewed over 100 of the world's most viral fat loss recipes, and I've put them into my, I've, you know, adapted them, whatever we end up saying, right? If you want to, you can grab it for just $27. I mean, to be fair, we could, what, can you share me your 20 recipe guidebook?
Torin McGlynn: The, the one that's, that I send just to clients right now? Yep. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you want to see right now? Yeah, if you could send that to me, please. Have you, is that just regular recipes, or is that viral recipes?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, that's just a white label one that I found on Google that I put my brand on. You know what we could do? I think it was a buy thing.
Kyle Musca: Huh. Huh. Because what we can even do here, man, is we could do, get the free recipe, and this is where ClickFunnels, again, comes in handy. You're going do, get the free recipe, lead magnet, opt-in, and then it's like, do you want my viral recipe e-book with over 100 viral recipes in it for $27?
Torin McGlynn: And then upsell.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, because we've already got their email, so we're getting that large volume that we're looking for, and then it's just straight into an upsell from there.
Torin McGlynn: How am I getting their email, though? Like, I'm just like, I'm giving them the recipe, and then it's like, bonus, put your email in.
Kyle Musca: No, no. So we might even make a video. Like, I've just, you know, basically making a video. Get my 20-recipe e-book or whatever. Click down below to get it for free. Whatever we end up doing for the front-end marketing. They opt-in, you know, what email should we send it to? So it's like name, what email should we send it to? Name, phone, what email? Then, after they submit it, it would go trigger. Then, And to go high level to send that email over to them. But then it would say, then it would go straight into an upsell after that. Be like, do you want my, you know, 100 viral recipe cookbook? Usually $97, but you can get it here for just $27.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, okay. Yeah. So wait, how does the start of that trigger again go through the start of that? I'm making a video on.
Kyle Musca: So essentially, like, you could do, I mean, this is so simple that you could just do it as a graphic as well. We'll probably start doing a graphic just to test it, and then we could do some video stuff around it. But essentially, you'd be like, get my  20 recipe cookbook for free for the next, you know, depending on how we do it. Maybe to start, we say, if it's 24 hours, I'm going to make my recipe cookbook free, whatever we decide to say. Like, they then quickly, they go in, and then it says what, you know, name, what email, like name phone, what email. How should I send it to? They enter all their details, their contact details. So that's the squeeze page. That's the opt-in page. We've got their contact details. Then we'd have to set something up and go high level, which should be pretty easy. They would send that email out and then put them into an email automation from that point. But essentially, as soon as they put their email in, it would say, thanks, it's in your inbox, but you're not done yet. Do you want my ultimate viral recipe cookbook? Usually $97, but you can get it right now for just $27.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, and then we're running this as an ad.
Kyle Musca: We could run it as an ad. You could try it organically if you wanted to. I'm sure you get plenty out of it organically.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, because I'm just thinking, like, if I post a viral, like, recipe that gets 100k views, how would we integrate it into that to just collect all the emails, you know?
Kyle Musca: You know what you could, oh, you know what would actually be ... Is if you made an ad version of all your ads, sorry, all of your videos, like every time you film something now, and then we just add an ad version onto it, like an ad CTA, if you're on my 100-Vile Recipe Cookbook, click the link below and go grab it, you know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Okay. And then we just run that as an ad.
Kyle Musca: So we keep your organic organic, I mean, you can put CTAs in it, maybe even organically say like, we can figure this out, but let's just keep it simple for now. And then we just run your, how your video is currently working with that audience, and we just run that as an ad.
Torin McGlynn: So the actual trying of our recipe is an ad?
Kyle Musca: Yes, but then we have an additional part in the video, says if you want my viral recipe cookbook, click the link below and grab it. This recipe is in my viral recipe cookbook, if you want to click the link below.
Torin McGlynn: And would that be in someone's story?
Kyle Musca: No, well... If we ran it as an ad, for example, it would come up in feeds and reels.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, okay. So that makes sense, because then it just looks really natural, hey? Yeah. Because I know all these big cookbook guys, in their videos, every video, they say, comment cookbook for my cookbook.
Kyle Musca: You could do that as well.
Torin McGlynn: Plenty of ways you can do that, for sure. But this whole, like, tripwire thing, where it's like, okay, here's a free thing, get my 27 one that's supposed to be 99, would obviously cause even more sales. That'd be almost like passive income. I just need to obviously have a cookbook that I give them, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's the other thing. I would get a VA on, because, like, I wouldn't spend your time going through and doing that. Get a VA and say, go through all my content pieces, however you want to do it. Like, whether you just say, go grab everything I've reviewed, put it in a cookbook, and then maybe you review it to make it higher in calories, lower in protein, lower in calories, higher in protein. However you choose to do about, like, that's something you can reassess later. But Just so, like, start getting that cookbook done now.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, and the VA can help me with that. Like, any VA should be able. The guy that actually, the Sages guy just texted me about it, the Charles guy. So I said to him, can you call it at one, which is half an hour away. So let's see. And then I'll ask him about that too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but that would rip for you, man. That would  go so hard.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I think so. I think so. I think we'd at least sell 1,000 of them, honestly. Okay. And that's, like, 27 grand.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What would be really good for you is if you could try and get them on some kind of subscription-based service. You know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Adding recipes every week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Like, for me, for example, Macro, I can easily add more recipes or whatever. Okay. If you could do something like that, that would be fun.
Torin McGlynn: That would be sick. What would be, like, $9? It would be almost like an app. The way, like, big influencers do their, like, $7 apps a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, you could do that through macro. I mean, completely up to you.
Torin McGlynn: Have you seen macro? No.
Kyle Musca: So macro is just, like, super passive, man.
Torin McGlynn: Macro active. Oh, I've seen macro active. This is, um, I think Joss Mooney does his, like, mentorships through this. Like, you would do, it makes you an app, hey?
Kyle Musca: Uh, yeah. So it's, like, all custom-built and everything like that. It's your own branding. Everything like that. But it's super automated. It's, like, in the back end, man. I can come into here. And I can say to Aaron, right? So he's on new meal plan. I can say generate meal plan. And it's got all these stats in there and does all the calculations. But say, you know, he's moderately active, so, but I want him to be in an aggressive calorie deficit. So I'm going to say lily active and then object. Generate the plan, and then based off all that, it would just make the entire plan, and I could just say, upload. And that's this entire meal plan done. Bro, that's like... 1400. is how can get all your clients. Yeah, 1400 calories. Again, I can adjust that up, down, dislike ingredients, all that . And then in the meal plans, it comes out like this. So this is like the front end of that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that also helps massively with the fulfillment side of things. And then obviously you can come in and like...
Torin McGlynn: Those are like raisins.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then you can... Yeah, so there's dyslexics and everything. And then you can come in and like actually manually change the plan around if you need to. So it's like bacon and egg. want to give him more whole eggs, whatever the  you want to change. You can do that. You can change... Change the whole meal if you wanted to, and all your recipes are in here.
Torin McGlynn: Well, and you could, you could do this as like a low ticket offer for everyone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could absolutely. So this is what I run my high ticket through. But for example, like what you could do is. So what you might want to do, for example, and this would work really  well, actually, because if you can get them on the system, this is why I want to do it, is the $27 thing. It's because if you can get them on the system for like maybe that reoccurring, you know, $7 a month or something like that, $10 a month or something like that, then they're already in the system. So if it's like if you upsell them, it's like they're already in there, their account's already created, they're already in on Stripe, they already got their payment information on. It's like, cool, I want to do this.
Torin McGlynn: Yep, sweet, I'll just put that through now. Yeah, sick.
Kyle Musca: So what you can do, for example, is for my challenge, I didn't give them a meal plan. So you can take stuff away if you don't want to give them certain things. But then you can upload these. Where is it?
Torin McGlynn: Wait, so how does this come into the, like, I would have my subscription and give them a meal plan, or would I just have my recipes in here?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I'm trying to show you is, for one, you could, depending on what package you offer and stuff, what you want to offer. But for example, it's not Hebrew right now, don't know where it is. But when I ran the challenge, I didn't give them an actual custom meal plan, I gave them a meal plan guide. So basically, it was like a side tart. Oh, . You can't add other features in there like that, which is cool. But it was basically like, when they click on it, it was like a whole recipe, like you can basically add a whole cookie. Book in it if you wanted to.
Torin McGlynn: But it's not custom. It's done in microactive?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yes.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. How much does microactive cost? And it's your app, isn't it? It's actually on the App Store?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's email performance on the App Store and everything. And how much does it cost? You'd have to chat with them. Again, it's not a necessary thing. When I got it, for them to build out the web app and the actual app version, so its own actual native app, it was about $18,000. And then from there, they'll try and get you on. If you do low-ticket stuff, then they take about 25% to 30% rev, which is kind of, you know, up there. But that also comes in with a custom support team and everything like that. If you do higher-ticket stuff, it's $6 a month.
Torin McGlynn: Very fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The higher-ticket is like,  all.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Torin McGlynn: So what do we... I wouldn't, would I do my low-ticket thing there with that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could run both through it, essentially. So, let me try.
Torin McGlynn: yeah, see Elite, Elite Male Performance, the app. So I've got to pay them, like, 15 grand, and then I have to pay them 20% if I'm doing a low-ticket thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that was when I got it. It would probably be different now. I can always hook you up and you can chat with them. Again, it's not something you need. I'm just saying that it's, like, you know, pretty handy.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, okay, okay.
Kyle Musca: Meal plant guide, yeah, this is what I'm trying to look for. Yeah, so it's, like, you can, like, add all the different recipes and stuff in there, and you can just attach this into their actual profile.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. So you could actually have, like, cookbook in there as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, again, not something you need, but if you, I'm just saying if you could get it automated to something like that, then you'd be  cold.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That would be cool. That would be cool. But yeah, well, after I get the coach, I guess, is when I can work on things like that. Because then I'm probably going be a second coach if I'm doing all things like that. Because essentially doing all of those things, ideally, I wouldn't be coaching any clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: You don't coach any clients right now?
Kyle Musca: No.
Torin McGlynn: No. So you're just constantly thinking of ways to, like, scale your business is what your job is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, pretty much. I mean, like, well, I do this as well. So it's like, well, a good chunk of my time is taken up by this. If I wanted to, I could just, like, , you know, work 10, 20 hours. Or you can just improve.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's true. That's true. Like, your fitness business is just, like, almost fully automated.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, as long as you're on top of the content and stuff. Like, yeah, that's kind of all you need to do at that point.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Content, I find really easy these days. So that's not a problem. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. We've obviously got to the point of good problems to have. They are problems, but they're good problems. It's still ridiculous to me that we've run 50K and it's the 21st of November.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Another, yeah, meal plan? No. I thought that was it. No, this is the extra custom. Yeah, no, 100%. And, again, you can continue increasing that quite a lot. The other really cool thing I like about micro is you can add in these external pages. So if you have, like, let's say, Ghost Affiliate, and this is, yeah, I don't know how many people choose this, but, you know, if you do have, you know, Ghost Affiliate, you can just chuck a link straight in there. And then if any of your clients want to go over to Ghost Affiliate, Affiliate, Pick something up, they just take some straight over.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, nice.
Kyle Musca: Nice. You can add, like, full video series and everything like that in there.
Torin McGlynn: So it's like, um, school almost. It's kind of like school.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, it's a pretty cool platform. Good how-to nutrition, how-to, you know, refer-to-mate. It's just right there. They can click it anytime they want.
Torin McGlynn: $7 is  all, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, $6 a month.
Torin McGlynn: That's cheap. $6 a month. It's just that that low-ticket thing is ridiculous.
Kyle Musca: 20-30% is, like, stupid. You could always negotiate with them on that as well.
Torin McGlynn: I'd give them a max 10. Max 10. If I'm going to be making, like, if the volume is, like, thousands of cookbooks and stuff being sold. Um, is that, like, another... Is to also just make it so people don't just, like, get your PDF and put it on Reddit or something?
Kyle Musca: I mean, they could still screenshot and do the same thing.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I guess so, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, I mean, no one's going to look at, like, I've never thought of looking at Greg Doucette's cookbook on Reddit.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's true. So, yeah. Because I just think that's, you know, again, getting a coach, getting a VA just to take those, like, those tedious tasks off your hand as well. And then you can free yourself right up to start focusing on, you know, giving more value, essentially.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Updating my service as well. How am I doing my meal plans now? takes  ages, man. Like, I do ChatGPT, I comment and paste what they like and . And then the ChatGPT, there's so much information in it because I've uploaded it on my virus. Recipes into it. Every startup takes me way longer than I think it should, but they are bike. I try to give a lot of value and, like, like, tailored to their thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, or you can, again, I'm not trying to, like, promote macro here, but you can do, like, based off their meal plans, like, if they're, like, , they want high-carb, low-carb, they want keto, they want, I mean, you could technically do carnival, you can do vegetarian. Um, you could do, you could add a second one in there where it's, like, your viral recipe cookbook only.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah. That's fine. I'll have a look into that. Obviously, now's not the time. Now's the time to find the coach. Um, but then after we can look at the macroactive and stuff. Um, it really is like that. It really is like that, where everything that it comes down to is getting this, getting this coach.
Kyle Musca: Um, so, in saying that, oh, sorry, in saying that, you might want to, if you do chat to macro, ask them though, because I'm pretty sure, like, the 2030... 50 is, like, the support team. So it's like, if people want to message an email through and stuff, I'm pretty sure they have a support team that, you know, acts as, like, coaches, I think.
Torin McGlynn: I think. Ask them. Oh, I see. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That'd be cool. Like, if it's gonna be, if I can get an app that I just charge people for, and it's, like, pretty much just automated, and I don't need to do any work, and it's, like, passive income, that'd be, I suppose I'll have the following for  like that. Like, I just can't imagine making, like, tens of thousands of dollars a month with doing zero work. That'd be sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Crazy. Yeah, okay. Yeah, Sounds like we've got a lot to think about. But, yeah. Lots of potential, man. I keep ripping these videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, And I think while you're on the, on the way up, man, like, this is, you know, the most, you know, critical time to take advantage of. So I think. Just block it out. Like, by the time we speak next week, man, I want to hear you say, like, I found a coach, I'm setting them up, we're all  good. Yeah, yeah. There's still time that we could plan, like, a hard, you know, New Year's Challenge type thing.
Torin McGlynn: Honestly, there shouldn't be any messing about. I won't, even if it takes me, like, taking a few videos, taking a few days off of it, like, actually posting content, that's fine, too. I'll make sure to make it happen by next week, for sure. Obviously, this week, I just came to Bali, so it was, like, hard to plan these things. But also, also, but yeah, next time we speak, I'll have a coach.
Kyle Musca: facts. Yeah, beautiful. Well, Sam, anything else you want to cover at all?
Torin McGlynn: Nah, I think, to be honest, like, it's not, there's no point doing it, because we can't action it until I have a coach. So, so much stuff, there's still value out of this, though, because there's so much stuff we can do and plan, and it's good. to kind of plant the seeds.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. If you have any questions, as usual, just sing out. yeah, that's getting a coach just to hope it's the floodgates for you. So it's like the sooner the better.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah, Pressure's on. I'll get it. I will. I appreciate you, man.
Kyle Musca: I'll speak to you very soon. Enjoy the rest of Bali, and I'll chat to you soon.
Torin McGlynn: Chat to you soon, brother. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.


>>> 17/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-21T05:42:25Z | id:103373146
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How you going?
sage: Yo, good.
Kyle Musca: How are you? Good. Good. How's Bali?
sage: Yeah, pretty fun. Not too shabby with the boys.
Kyle Musca: Nice, man. Nice. We'll rip in, man. How has this week gone?
sage: Yeah, not too bad. Not as many calls this week. A slower. But I have had a lot of people come into the end of their terms, so just re-signs and things like that. But, yeah, traffic-wise, a little bit slower this week compared to last.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How are you approaching these re-signs?
sage: I'm doing kind of like that progress call type vibe and then having that game plan mapped out moving forward. And it's really, I guess, straight... And the next steps of coming out of the diet, really. Yeah, okay. And then giving them some incentive for a loyalty bonus usually, but this month, obviously, the Black Friday thing is the incentive for them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
sage: Plus the challenge as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. And that's been working pretty well.
sage: Yeah, yeah. I don't think I've... I've only had one girl who downsold, but she said she's going to re-sign in January anyways.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
sage: She's just on a low ticket, 39 a week, but she's like, I just don't want to fully leave. I'll just wait till January to go back up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, so with the ads, man, with the new update and everything, it definitely started to, you know, pull that cost per lead quite up a bit. Not crazy, but definitely higher than what they have been. So I've, this morning, and I even did it for your... So... We'll Black Friday or Fathom, let me just double check. I created some new ad sets in the way that they want it to be structured, like according to the new setup and everything. I've tried it on a few different accounts. It definitely seems like it works and pulls through. It does take a little bit of time to sort of figure itself out and get out of that learning phase. But I've created a new broad sort of campaign for you anyway, and I've just basically put all the ad videos we've ever done and I've just uploaded them straight in there so it can like play around and test which one it feels like is going to perform the best, essentially.
sage: Beautiful. Are those, all those Black Friday ones in there as well?
Kyle Musca: Yep. The Black Friday one's got its own sort of campaign that it's sort of playing around with.
sage: Cool.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's decent. Like this one's got $7 per lead. One's creeping up a little bit higher than what it should be. So, I might even just turn that one off. Essentially, what it does is it kind of like distributes. It's all running through AI. So it basically analyzes, you know, the data on it, and then it disperses the funds according to where it thinks it's going to get the best return.
sage: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So we'll play with that. And saying that like, because I'm going to have to run both at the same time, ad spend might be slightly higher, but I have turned off the ones that just weren't performing everything to keep it a little bit lower. then ideally, like it pulls through and I can just like shift all ad spend onto those ones.
sage: Yeah, beautiful. No, whatever you think needs to be done, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool enough. Now, running through the form, bro. So 11 calls booked this week.
sage: A lot of them, were they from ads? The, yeah, the no-shows. Um. Were ads, they just, it was weird, like, they're having good conversations in the DMs and then just, yeah, just go, like, once I sent the video or reminder messages and stuff, they just weren't showing up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
sage: I don't know if it's something to do potentially with, I don't know if it's the timing of it, or if it's because it's with Marina and not me, but I notice a lot of the time, like, both times, Dubai and Bali, when Marina was doing the calls, they weren't showing up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that can definitely happen. Have you got Marina in just while you're back in Bali?
sage: She didn't take, there wasn't many booked for her, it was just, like, when I was out and .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So that definitely can. Are you saying that it's been booked in with Marina?
sage: Yeah, it's in the flows that it's with Marina.
Kyle Musca: Are you saying it in a text flow or is it a reminder?
sage: don't know. Yeah, like, the first. Like the confirmation text is, it says, with Marina.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's maybe where the mishap is. I would probably try and address it straight away, just by, oh, I was able to book you in with my program director, Marina.
sage: Yeah, okay, yeah. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: In the DMs. Well, it just feels like it's non-congruent, because it's like, if I just booked a call in with what I think is you, and then I've seen a notification that it's  John, I'm like, well, who's John? It feels so, yeah. You know what mean?
sage: Like, but if it's, hey, I've just booked you in with my program director, like, because he's a program director, Marina, she's an absolute weapon. Yeah. All right, cool.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I've been doing recently, and it seems to be working decently well, is when I send the pre-call message, man, when I send the pre-call message, and, like, you're getting Clamata sent out the day before message.
sage: There So day before?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like what I've got it doing is like, hey, Michelle, I'm just going through my calendar. I can see we've got a call for tomorrow at 4 p.m.
sage: Can you confirm you're still good for that? Okay, I'll start doing that.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, so you're not using climate. Yeah, your VA should basically do that. Go through the calendar for the next day and then send a personalized message. Hey, Michelle, see we've got a call booked at 4 p.m. I'll show you what I do. So that's been quite good in terms of seeing who is Michigan.
sage: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Just off the  bat here. Tyler, for example, pulled out of me, right? So, hey, Tyler, just looking through my calendar. Got a call for 3 p.m. Can you please confirm you're all good for it? Yeah. He didn't respond. So I did my normal pre-call message, right? Oh, it actually hasn't sent through. But usually I'll do the voice message. Yeah. Um. And then I get the, if you can do this, Y, Z. Didn't do it on this one. Usually I'll say, I think, yeah. Why is it not  sending through? Must have sent through on phone. But essentially, if they haven't replied back to that one yet, I'll say it in the message, but also say it here as well, like directly, can you please let me know ASAP? The messages are surrounded a lot if someone looks in and doesn't show.
sage: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that seems to work quite well.
sage: Otherwise, I just don't say it. All right. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Now, I haven't tested this either. So I'm not going to say recommend to drop it into you as well. But I did change it around. So I'm going with some. So I changed it to say after the, so yeah, the confirmation should have just come through, did that come through, add it to your calendar, cool, and then you'll say with co-channel, with closer, see, so it's like you've been booked in on a program director, yeah, whatever. So yes, I just got the confirmation, and then I'm going to like re-ask by saying, again, will you 100% be able to make that time? Yes, because we schedule that, waste that time, you know, some books in doesn't show up. Yeah, and then I'm also going to, we also do a monthly $250 ghost giveaway that you automatically go into just by rocking up.
sage: Yeah, nice, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I haven't tested it, but I'm not going to say to absolutely implement it. Give me a few weeks.
sage: We'll see how it goes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Legend, if something does pop up or any issues, whatever, feel free to shoot me a message on WhatsApp, and the call's going to be on Google Meet, so here's the thing. Yeah. Makes sense. I just want to make sure we can dive in. Cool. Awesome chat to I'm going to go whatever the . Yeah. Okay, good.
sage: No, that's good.
Kyle Musca: I'll add that in. Yeah. Definitely. Definitely.
sage: Template to adjust.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely add this part in there.
sage: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you can add this in there if you want to. But, again, I haven't tested it properly, so. Up to you whether or you do it.
sage: Yeah. Yep. Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Yeah, cool. Did you say you've converted to GoAlovia or not yet?
sage: Not yet, I haven't, no.
Kyle Musca: I was speaking to Jesse about it and Rhys uploaded a snapshot into his account and he, like, put a $15 a day invoice on it. Like, every day Jesse was getting charged $15. Oh, you're kidding. Yeah, I was like, that's...
sage: $15 a day?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was like, that's $150 every 10 days, bro.
sage: That's . hell. Did he, what, so does he lose access cancelling it with Rhys or?
Kyle Musca: No. No, it's just an invoice that he attached to it. You don't, you can't take it out once it's already, um, you can't take the snapshot out once it's implemented.
sage: You can just add an invoice.
Kyle Musca: And he messaged him, he's like, oh yeah, sorry, I forgot about that. It was for the text or something. I was like, no, it's  not.
sage: You got to wait.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think Jesse's pretty laid back. I don't think he asked, but if someone did that to me, I'm like, , you better  send me that money back right now.
sage: I'd buy that back too,  hell.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was like, no wonder he's raking it in, man. He just  uploads a $15 a day snapshot to everyone.
sage: And then I just forget about it too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Anyway, so we're going to get GoHartLevel and I'll send you a snapshot. Yeah. Cool, man. Okay. And we're all, how many of the ads actually came, how many of the calls came from ads, do you know?
sage: Hold on a sec, so I'm expand my screen so I can  see. What's the date here? One more, Kira. One, two, three, four, six.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
sage: Out of the 11.
Kyle Musca: And the other five?
sage: Oh, the other five, sorry, yeah, re-signs and organic, just like through Insta.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
sage: Two re-signs, and then the other ones were organic.
Kyle Musca: And all five just no-showed?
sage: Yeah. Like, didn't fully ghosted, didn't reply to messages afterwards, didn't show up to the call. Well, I've tried sending them, like, messages afterwards, and they just clearly don't care.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would say that's just feeling incongruent with seeing Marina.
sage: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I'd definitely add that in ASAP. Proposed rate, 60%. Still good. I mean, still added five new clients this week.
sage: Sorry.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no. Off that, three new clients.
sage: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, pream for Upcome Challenge, film some ads, travel. So, Have you got all the challenge ads filmed?
sage: No, I've done, I did one of the big scripts, and I did two of the small scripts yesterday, so we'll do more today and tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. What you may also want to do is, again, the more content, the better around this. So you may even want to do some, like, just a story style as if you were just talking straight to the camera. One, you could announce the challenge doing it that way, but I think definitely to do it as a retarget thing for people that have already seen it. know, and it's like, you know, this is your last week to join my new year's challenge, you know what mean? The last 72 hours to join my new year's challenge. This last 24 hours to join the new year's challenge. Yeah. Et cetera, et cetera, because then we'll upload those as retarget ones.
sage: Yeah. Yeah, kind of those last few leads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've been getting a ton of questions. Again, we can retarget them, so it's like, you know, I've been getting a ton of questions about what's actually involved. This isn't. isn't just a copy and paste challenge. Like this is a fully comprehensive, you know, program built around you to make sure that you get the best results possible. Yeah. Because of that, we're only taking on 20 women, right? So far, nine women have already signed up, you know, and I've had over 100 other. Because technically, you know, if we come in here and say we look at the ASRA, you could say, if we're saying the last 30 days, man, I've had over 160 women apply. That's actually, sorry, I've had, what's that, I've had nearly 500 women apply. Yeah. In terms of results, because that's technically an inquiry. Mm-hmm.
sage: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So just get creative with that.
sage: Any questions on that? No, looks good.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Black Friday is still meeting interests and also utilizing recent clients. Yeah, beautiful. So did you end up messaging expired clients by chance?
sage: I've started to. need to keep messaging them. But the ones I already had calls booked for, obviously, I'm just doing that on the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
sage: Have you had any fights of it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I've got one couple, so two guys, a guy and a girl. Well, they're going to continue on, but I told them, like, if you get the investment sorted now, you get the extra month, but they're still just adamant on starting. For some reason, they want to start Boxing Day because they've got holidays, and I think the bloke has surgery sometime in December. So I know them personally. They will resign. They've both lost 10 kilos. And then the other couple, they are, they're resigning in. In mid-January, same thing, one's got surgery, the other one's got holidays. So there's two couples in December, January, and then everyone else has been pretty well on board. They're like, cool, let's do it now. One chick actually came to the call to say she's not continuing, and then she ended up closing.
Kyle Musca: Oh, nice.
sage: Yeah, so that was good.
Kyle Musca: Do you get many couples, man?
sage: Not a lot. I think I have like three or four couples.
Kyle Musca: That might even be something to tap into because it's like realistically, you're getting two for the price, you know, two people to join. So, I mean, you might even have a deal like two for one or so to buy one, get one half price, essentially. So it's like for six months for both of you, it's going to be three and a half K each. But because... You know, you're a couple. What I'll do is basically buy one and get one half price. So if one of you were to join, the other one would get it essentially for $1,750.
sage: Yeah. Something that was on the top of head, but yeah. Yeah. What I have been doing is doing their, like that one package up. So if it's two people, instead of paying four, they just pay $3,500.
Kyle Musca: Wait, wait, sorry.
sage: What was that? Oh, so like if it's 12 weeks, instead of paying 4K, 2K each, they just pay $3,500 all up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
sage: Yeah. So, mean.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. Does that work often?
sage: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, yeah, I would do something like that.
sage: They both paid in full. Actually, all three couples that have paid in full.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that might be something we play around with in the new year.
sage: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: You know, couples challenge.
sage: I've got some more couples. Yeah. Yeah. They They probably seem to do well. Actually, all three couples are  killing it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that'd be pretty  good marketing.
sage: Good push for each other. Yeah, one couple's down 10 kilos each, one's down 12 each, and the other's down like eight in eight weeks or something.
Kyle Musca: That's another thing that you could definitely work into your sales process, man, is when you sign someone, be like, oh, do you have a partner that would be interested in doing something like this? Like, obviously, living with someone is a huge, you know, factor, and obviously, if you're working towards it together, it's a great accountability tool. Yeah. Would you be interested in doing something like this as well?
sage: Mm. I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it's like, no, it might not be for him, but like, but he's keen to have a chat and everything we could do, and then if you both join, I'm sure I could work something out to, as a bit of a better rate or whatever the  you end up saying.
sage: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, I would definitely include that in. Of course, man, as soon as you sign them, like, last thing you say, would your partner be down to do something like this? And then when you have, like, are you doing the three-week follow-up check-in call?
sage: I haven't implemented that yet. I've been doing it, like, normally I do it around that eight weeks.
Kyle Musca: I would do it both times.
sage: would do it at three and eight weeks. Three and eight, okay.
Kyle Musca: Because then you're kind of, like, consistently there, you know what mean? If it's just, like, eight weeks, it's just, like, no. I mean, it's not like it's the end of 12 weeks. It's still a good time, but it's, you know, maybe on, you know, week three, you could offer for, like, ask for a referral-type  thing. And then week eight, you ask for an extension-type thing. So you've got those different timestamps that you can offer something.
sage: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I've been doing this week specifically, man, is bringing out, like, a little bit of an affiliate program. So if someone says, like, oh, like, I'm getting, it's too, you know, I can't afford it, essentially. I kind of say, like, well, you know, I've just launched this new affiliate program where, you know, if you just basically... Basically help me out with some marketing stuff, then I can give you a reduced rate. And essentially this, like what I'm doing, this is just to keep them on. Like as long as they pay for themselves, I'm happy because then, and then you obviously, you might want to do it to the point where you'd actually do profit a little bit. But essentially what we want to do here is like, I'm going to send them the links of my ads and say, go drop a good comment on it or something like that, a testimonial. Because it's like, if someone's interested and then they open a comment, they see like six people saying, joining, you know, working with sage has been the best thing ever. I've lost 10 kilos. I've, you know, never thought results like this were possible.
sage: Yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So just having like a little bit of a network and then just creating like a broadcast list or something. And then what we can do is if we map it out correctly, essentially what we would do is we'd create one ad. And then we would send the link to them, get them all to comment on it. Once they've all commented on it, that's when we like split the ad into however many ads we have. We have, and then it should drag the comments and the likes and everything across all of them.
sage: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's the same ad, essentially.
sage: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We just need to make sure that we actually have something in place for that.
sage: Yeah. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: So what I've done even, like, is on here, where is it? Maybe OSHA operations management. I can't remember where I put it, to be honest. I think it's the past one. Where's that? Yeah. Send that new link, and then I've just got, like, a list of people that have had that they're keen on.
sage: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. Any questions on that stuff?
sage: No, what's, what do you do for the reduced rate?
Kyle Musca: it go for a weekly thing? It depends on the person. Like, um, like one of them, Michael, the first dude I did it with. painful for For Like. Um, he's making really good progress and he's like actually a good part of the team. Like he's very like commutative and stuff in the team chat and everything. Um, and his payments like kind of always failed anyway. So I was like,  it, man, I'll just give you the rest of the year for free. And then after that, man, you just went ham on commenting on all my ads. Like every time they popped up, he was always commenting on them. Um, yeah, was like,  it. Um, otherwise, you know, you might want to give them half price. Depends on their situation. Like at the end of the day, I would be willing to go down to just like what the expenses are to keep them active.
sage: Like just as long as they cover, you know, the coaches fees and  like that.
Kyle Musca: they're dropping, you know, otherwise they were going to drop off anyway. might as well just give it to you for free essentially. Um, .
sage: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Um, or like the other thing is if they're just a really  like avid fan of, you know, the coaching and everything, and they've got a great attitude and they love being part of the community and everything. Um, I just don't give them anything. anything. Like, there's one dude on there that I didn't offer a reduced rate to.
sage: I just said, would you mind? And he's like, I don't know. Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it just depends on the circumstance.
sage: Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Admin and backend for, yeah.
sage: Accountants are on my , too. Still going do my  stuff. Can't swear. I think I'm, I think I'm doing to buy things.
Kyle Musca: don't know. Yeah.
sage: This is literally being like that final straw. And I'm just like, nah,  this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they wreck you, man. Yeah. Finish all the ads. Minimum 10k during the end of year period. Retain as many clients as possible. Yep. Message expiring plans only to be, yep, perfect. Have you had anyone booked in off that?
sage: Oh, yeah. A couple of old calls that were unsuccessful. Have Ray, like, come through. Have A couple of them actually closed on DMs, which was nice, saving the time on the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice.
sage: They were just like, oh, we'll just redo that package we spoke about, just send it, and they're like, cool. Another chick actually did sign on $206 a fortnight on a six-month fortnightly payment. $208, something like that. How many are? What about her?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
sage: I didn't add her to the things, I fully forgot. When I was maggot last night, she signed it. I'm sorry.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
sage: Yeah, beautiful. And another re-sign. So I said five, I think, but it's actually seven.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. In terms of new clients, of course.
sage: What's Seven signs. or Nine signs.
Kyle Musca: Um, is, I created mine yesterday with conditional logic. I'm sure Typeform would have the same.
sage: Do you know what conditional logic is? No.
Kyle Musca: So basically, like, based off their answer, they go this way or they go this way?
sage: Right, right.
Kyle Musca: So, what I did, where is it? Oh, yeah, beautiful. So, what I did was, so, just a really simple, um, application form, you know, if I say working full-time, and this is where GoHalove comes in handy, or you can do it through Calendly, I guess, it goes next step, and then because I said working full-time, it just goes straight into, you know, booking a call. Okay. Cool. Um, if I were to say, uh, working part-time, or anything less, It's like, sorry, we're full.
sage: Get this log-ticket option. Yeah, nice.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So that way I can kind of just like, again, if they don't, you maybe they don't book in a call, right, then you can always just come in here. Oh, , that's not a problem. Then you can obviously always just come in here and actually like reach out personally.
sage: Yeah. Yeah, mean, still information there.
Kyle Musca: Hey.
sage: Yeah, yeah. You mean like chase them up, chase them up from there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like, for example, this dude, I was talking to DM, he filled this out, he wasn't working, so it's like that would have just been a waste. Yeah. So that might be a good graph to use. Because I do find like, you know, in previous anyway, when I put an actual application, you Application form on my  story compared to a DM-y thing. It seems to work better organically.
sage: I remember doing one and I had literally over 100  applications on my job form.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, was like, bro, that's  wild. Yeah. Good.
sage: Is that not making sense so far? Yeah, that's good. I'm actually adding in a little thing now to my check-in form. About the referrals.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then my referral, actually my referral won't just go straight into booking a call because it's like they should already know the price. Yeah. Then the new year, man, I think we definitely start playing around with different strategies. I think we, you know, we probably still have some direct marketing stuff, but I think we play around with especially the $7, the seven-day challenge, the seven-day  thing. So I think basically, ideally, we want everything ready for the challenge, you know, before the end of November, and that's what we'll launch over December period. But then I think we start filming all the content, getting everything ready to launch a little bit of a, you know, push for that.
sage: Yeah. Yeah, beautiful. So for that, We'd have to figure out I'm just thinking for these challenge ads for New Year's. Like, obviously, because they're coming through in December to start the challenge January. How, like, how does that work? Like, for closing and collecting information and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, what do you mean on that?
sage: So Like, say, like, obviously the ads will run in December to get the traction. Oh, sorry, I thought you were talking to someone. Yeah, get them through December, get everyone aware of it, and then from there, like, do they sign up in December to start January? Like, do you close them in December, or do you just, like, collect info and then...
Kyle Musca: No, you get to close there. That's why you have to do the urgency if there's only 20 spots left, or 20 spots left. Yep. Because they're going to be like, oh, yeah, it sounds good. I'll wait till January. Be like, no, we don't do that, sorry. The door's closed December 20th, and we're only opening up 20 spots. Because everything's going to be custom built, we need to make sure that everything is ready to go by that time. We're just going to take some time for that. And then I would offer an incentive. Like, if you join now, look, I'll make your deal. I'll give you essentially this month free, the rest of this month free.
sage: Yeah. You can just start now.
Kyle Musca: You can just start now.
sage: Yeah, get the head start.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, you might even want to add, yeah, I would do that. It's like a bit of an early bird special.
sage: Not a head start, but get used to the systems and everything.
Kyle Musca: Get into the system, get you, you know, building the foundation. Maybe that's how you offer it. Like, this is sort of the habit-building phase. Like, you know, obviously, you're going to close the wall, but you'll put yourself in the best position possible to actually make the best progress possible because you'll have everything ready. Like, you already built the foundation.
sage: Yeah. Kind of make it a bit cheeky. Be like, look, you're almost putting yourself ahead of the herd and you might win because you got that start.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, essentially. Yeah. I mean, there's different ways you could go about it. You could do that way or you could offer some kind of – you essentially just want to offer some kind of incentive as to why they need to pay now.
sage: Now. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You don't want to – yeah.
sage: No.
Kyle Musca: No. Because you will run into the – you will Run into the, oh, I'll think about it, or I'll wait till, you know, January, and then I'll do it. I'll wait till after Christmas, and then I do it. All that . And it's just like, well, you really think that you're going to go through a Christmas period, spend all this  money on , and then be like, oh, yeah, now's the time to spend an extra two grand.
sage: Yeah. Yeah, it's going to happen.
Kyle Musca: So you got to kind of just like cut it off, like, no, you don't get that opportunity.
sage: You either join this now, or you miss out. Oh, you  off. Yeah. Yeah. Too easy.
Kyle Musca: Which is why I think, like, it just makes the most sense to say, like, you can, you know, I'll coach you for free, essentially give you this month free, because it's like, if were actually serious about doing that, then it'd be a no-brainer to do that.
sage: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then the other thing we'll need to do, man, is, so once we get all this challenge stuff launched, it will be straight into filming, end of challenge. one. Like final day stuff, right? So like one week out, last couple of days, as I said before, 24, 72 hours, 48 hours, all that . Having that, make sure that's really nice and prepped and ready to go. The other thing will be second intake. So because we won't be starting until January  12th, I think it is, you've still got a two-week period from the start of January. You can do another really hard push.
sage: Yep, like those last ones, the after New Year's and . They're like, oh, I need to sign on to this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's the people that just didn't secure something. And in saying that, like the people that don't enclose and stuff, I keep a list of them to say that. Maybe that's another thing as well. say like, you know, where if you, essentially, if you join, Then you kind of skew up. I was going to say, like, essentially, if you join now, you get this rate if you were to push it. Maybe that's an early bird special. Anyone that joins before, depending on what the date of the call is, but let's say December 15th, gets an early bird special, so they actually save $500. If you were to push it off until after that, theoretically, you'd have to pay full price.
sage: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So maybe you add that in there.
sage: For those ones where you're pushing the urgency, like, one week left, 72 hours, do you reckon you just change the hook, like, that first bit for the urgency, or to have, like, a whole different script?
Kyle Musca: I would do a whole different script. I would probably do, like, I mean, have different, well, have different, like, versions of it, you know what I mean?
sage: Like, you should have, like, two, three, four hour ones.
Kyle Musca: But, like, for instance, like, I think, you know, for one week out, you talk about more about what's involved. You know, it's officially last week to join the challenge. This isn't a copy and paste challenge where It's Brian just gets the same PDF workout program and off you go. This is a full comprehensive broken down program and built exactly around your lifestyle to give you the best results possible. Give you custom training programming so you don't have to think about absolutely anything when you go into the gym. You just go in there and get it done, get the best results possible. We're going to be able to do a custom meal plan with calories and macros, everything like that based around you, your lifestyle, your goals, your body, to make sure that you can enjoy the foods you love while X, Y, Z. So you're like giving more of the, I guess, features and benefits, whereas the last 48 hours and 24 hours would just be like a, this is your last chance to join the challenge. Like once the door's shut, the doors are shut.
sage: Yeah, just straight urgency.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
sage: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Because theoretically, like, because then if we get like the, like the idea would be like the initial challenge videos that people have watched, they've already taken interest in that. And then it's like, okay, the follow-up retarget of a week out, here's what's involved more so, yada, yada, just a reminder. And then it's like these last. Last couple of days is just  urgency because they already know.
sage: They already should know and have seen the videos. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would also get some ad graphics done up and everything like that as well if you haven't.
sage: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: For their challenge. Yeah.
sage: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And I would probably do some carousals and stuff for it as well.
sage: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or at least one carousal.
sage: How do they work on ads? Can people just like tap to it or like swipe?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, should be the exact same.
sage: Same. Same . Yeah, okay. Don't even know you could do the carousels.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I don't see them done very often as ads.
sage: I would see it on product-based stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. But that's an actual product catalog more so than actual carousel posts.
sage: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep. But I think a carousel post would do quite well. mean, it's like just an expanded version of an actual  direct offer one. So definitely worth trying out, I guess. Yeah, that's pretty much it. then just, yeah, focusing on getting the next year set up, really.
sage: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, think we'll play around with different, I think we'll always have like a bit of a direct budget on AdSman, but I reckon we'll play around with a few different things. Like maybe we do some like follow engagement ads on your organic content, get people on your profile, viewing your profile. And then that's maybe where we follow them up with like a seven day off, I think. Yeah. You know what I mean? And then after that, you know, we'll just play around with it.
sage: We'll figure it out. Yeah, no, sounds good. Yeah, I think today I'm just going to do this  account of  because it's  me off. I'm to get it done. And then tomorrow when I'm not. I'm over. I'm just going to do all the ads or whatever's left. think I've got two big scripts and then one small script. And then I'll film some non-scripted ones too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Beautiful. Awesome, man. Is there anything else you want to kind of run over or anything like that?
sage: Anything you want to chat about? No, no. How do I pay less tax?
Kyle Musca: You move out of the country.
sage: No, I think, I was going to ask you something about Dubai, but I can't remember. Did you ever do travel diaries for your accountants beforehand? No. these guys are , honestly. Jesus Christ. Chasing me down for everything.
Kyle Musca: I'm just going to be . Yeah, no, my account's pretty good. He just, like, sends me a list and it's like, can you just let us know what these were for?
sage: And I'm just It's like,  typing in, like, that's usually what they  do, but this , bro, she's like, she goes, Dubai trip, can you please provide a day-by-day travel diary outlining activities for each day, which days were fully business versus leisure, mixed purposes, basically like a  hour-by-hour thing. My , it was a month ago, I don't remember.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no.
sage: I'm just like, I literally said, I don't remember, and then she's like, can you do this? No, I can't.
Kyle Musca: Make some stuff up, love, right?
sage: That's why I pay you. Yeah, like, this is why I pay for bookkeeping, so I don't have to do this.
Kyle Musca: Is that your bookkeeping?
sage: Anyways, I pay for bookkeeping too.
Kyle Musca: Ah, fair. Fair. Okay, cool.
sage: All right, guys, have fun with that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it is. If you need a hand, just let me know, otherwise, what does it execute on this stuff for the next couple of, oh, end of year, then rip in. Do it again, straight into the new year.
sage: That's it, sir. We'll it rolling. Perfect, man. All right, man. Easy, I will chat to you very soon. Easy. Enjoy your weekend. Later. See you, bro. Bye.


>>> 18/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-21T07:08:04Z | id:103375856
People: Kyle Musca

josiah narkowicz: This meeting is being recorded. Big fella.
Kyle Musca: How are you, mate? Good. So, was like, you joined like literally as I was setting up client.
josiah narkowicz: What's that?
Kyle Musca: You joined like literally as I made a group chat with a client.
josiah narkowicz: was like, , can't leave it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. How's your day been going?
josiah narkowicz: Solid. I'm just back-to-back pretty much with clients all day and I've been doing all my check-ins today as well because Thursday is usually just a full conference. So I usually get on like half of them done Thursday and then the rest Friday. So, yeah. Best of me doing some life admin , running around cleaning my car and that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man.
josiah narkowicz: How about you, my man?
Kyle Musca: Had a good week? Yeah, I've been not sick, which is  good.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, you were sick as a dog last week, weren't you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. That was like me coming out of it as well, like the sort of mid to early week, was . Yeah, just being tripping away, man. As usual, getting heaps of content ready for new , so. Cool, man. We'll dive in. Jen, I've gone through the check-in form, but like as a general overview from you, man, like how has this week sort of gone for you?
josiah narkowicz: Pretty solid. Pretty solid. You know, three sign-ups. No one leaving. So, that's a  win, right? um And, but, but in saying that, I felt like I've been chasing my tail a little bit. I just, I managed to keep up with the cadence, the content plan. So I feel like that's been a success with, you know, running the new content strategy and the stories I can tell I've been like showing up more noticeably on the stories and who would have  thought like I've, you know, had five type form responses. Uh, this, this week. So I've got two of them booked, but three of them were a bit weird. Like I didn't, like I called them straight away, pretty much. No answer, follow it up, no answer. So I don't know what went on there. Um, where they were just clicking around, trying stuff, but you know how people just click through it and, you know, test out certain things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Did you send them a text?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Did. So I always call them straight off the bat. Like I'll get the type form. Yeah. Hey, such and such, just got your inquiry. You know, are you mainly looking for fat loss or muscle building right now? Oh, cool. What have you been there? And then, yeah, get them on a call. But yeah, it's, so that was good. Content seems to be working. That reaction reel got 100,000 views and like 2,000 shares. Um, like a hundred  posted it on their story. So that one blew up pretty well. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We'll, we'll dive into this today. Cause I know you want a bit more of a content, like breakdown thing. Um, but I think one thing will work with you, man, is like, you are quite like controversial in a way, which is good. Um, like you want that kind of polarizing sort of opinion. Cause some people are going to super agree with you. Some people are going to  hate you for it. Um, but they'll be, you know, loud as well. So it's like, so it's Works for you.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I feel like that's my style. Like, I'm a very no  kind of coach that's, you know, that's kind of how I approach things. So, yeah, I feel like that reflects in my content well. Yeah, I feel like it hits harder. Yeah, and the polarizing, whereas the one with the creatine, right, that wasn't polarizing. That was kind of like, oh, yeah, creatine's good for you kind of thing. It was a little bit  boring. Right? And what was the other one? The other one got like 1,500 views and like 10 shares, but it wasn't anywhere near as, you know, it was pretty controversial what that girl was saying straight up. So I do have a folder of like 30, like in the ammo bank ready to go. So, you know, I feel like I can just pump those out pretty easily now.
Kyle Musca: um yeah you know what actually just really on top of my mind there um you know what kind of content and you'd you'd probably resonate pretty well with him in terms of the style he does and it's  loads what is this this is just a little  the better um cool man the the thing what is going on here on the um messaging and stuff man have you followed up with him since then messaging like for the application yeah so i'll my little cadence is i'll i'll call them and then i'll shoot them a test and then i'll usually follow up like Like a week later.
josiah narkowicz: And my follow-up is usually, hey, are you still looking, are you still, are you happy with where you're at or are you wanting, no, it's, are you, are you still wanting some help with this or are you happy with where you're currently at? So, you know, clearly they're not happy with where they're at. So it's just reminding them again, like, hey, what are you  doing? You know, like you put in an inquiry and you're still procrastinating about it. So that usually gets a decent response rate. But yeah, the clients I've gotten this week, I haven't had to hustle for at all. And lo and behold, I've gotten plenty of referrals.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful.
josiah narkowicz: I've gotten three or four referrals this, just this week. Like, so that's, that's a win.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's , dude. The- Organic warm stuff and the referrals, man, they're the easiest sales, so they should be nice and warm. What I would do for the follow-up stuff for the application is, like, call them, absolutely, send the first text, be like, hey, brother, I saw you, or whatever they are, hey, brother, I saw you, you know, did an inquiry on the, you know, for coaching, you're still keen to suss that one out, be like, hey, and then two hours later, realistically, about two, three hours later, be like, hey, man, still haven't heard back, or haven't heard back, everything. Everything all good, I'd probably do that, second follow-up, and then, yeah, third follow-up, I always like to do what it seems, so let's call it a label, so, like, hey, man, you know, been a while, still haven't heard back, so it seems like you've changed your mind, let me know if you're still keen, I'll take you off the list if you're not, you know mean? Because it seems like is a way of saying, like, you're not keen, but it also gives them the room to correct you, right? So, like, if you said, All I assume, you know, keen that someone can read them like,  you. Whereas it's like, it seems like it, it's like, they can sort of come back.
josiah narkowicz: Oh no, it's not that broad. I've been super busy with work. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then follow up a week later as well.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. They buy or they die as far as I'm concerned.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. I mean, people get busy with work, man. Like I do it all the time. Someone would call me and send me a text about, I'll get back to it later.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you get back. So yeah, it's good to have like a little bit of an earlier follow-up process on that. Have you had a call with the referrals yet?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So one of them I had booked in for today, but he had to reschedule. So I'm going to, he said he'd get back to me with a time next week. He seems like a pretty busy operator. So I was going to message you or call him Monday through the day. Um, And see where he's at. And the other one I've got booked in Monday morning. And the referral I got given actually wants him and his wife to sign up. So, you know, basically I do like a couples deal where if the wife signs up as well, she gets at half price. Even though they get, they get the same call, like they'll be on the same calls together, but they have different accounts like training apps and that sort of thing. So that's a little deal that I usually do. So that's, yeah, that's three just from that.
Kyle Musca: They're beautiful.
josiah narkowicz: And then there was another two, there was another two that I can't quite remember, but yeah, I'm getting onto those guys soon as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. Yeah. Just chase those up. Um, like they, they, if you can get them on the phone, man, it's like 80% likely they'll close. Um, but yeah, I reckon this dude is like probably  right on my end in terms of like, yeah, like he'll, he'll , you know, just kind of bully someone. pretty funny actually. But have you seen him before?
josiah narkowicz: I haven't bro at all. And I'm usually pretty onto this stuff.
Kyle Musca: So, uh, this is what art called the perfect man. Okay. Just a not fat guy, just an in shape guy. know, true perfection is unlearning that bro. You're fat. It's okay. Just be fat. Just be fat. Because this is what you would look like. If you just stopped eating like , you wouldn't even have to start working out. You would just have to stop eating as much as you currently are.
josiah narkowicz: I've got no patience.
Kyle Musca: So I feel like this is, yeah, like nice, you know.
josiah narkowicz: But that's what I want. Like that's, that's what you want. You want to, you're just digging that pain point and being polarizing as well in the way you say it. So they're agreeing, they're agreeing with you, but they're also saying like, oh, , like, like I  hate that is, you know, telling me this, but.
Kyle Musca: Well, yeah, you'll get like, the way I like to see it, man, it's just like, again, it's kind of like, you could almost do it as a right wing, left wing type thing, man. You get the people that are just  common sense and they're like, that's just how it is, you know, and you'll get fat dudes. They're like, I'm fat and I fully  agree with this. And then you'll get people that are like, start making all these excuses and like, you're a  dickhead, you know, yada, yada, yada. And so again, it's just like, who do you really want to please at the end of the day? Not the people that are completely different to you with completely different values and opinions who were never going to buy.
josiah narkowicz: From you in the first place. So we might as well just piss them off to get the people that we actually like to agree, you know, that agree.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I like that.
josiah narkowicz: And it was so funny seeing all the different comments on that because it got like two or three hundred comments on that viral post. Oh, yeah. And like people were at each other in the comments and I was just the ringleader.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man, that's what you want.
josiah narkowicz: That was so good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's how you've done a good piece of content, man.
josiah narkowicz: It's like people will start like arguing. They were, bro. They were. And then like even just random comments that I was posting were getting like 20 or 30 likes on it. It was so good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, yeah, man, I've had sometimes it won't even be about what you're  posting, man. And I remember there's this one post I did and someone was like, praise Allah. And then some dude was like coming in and saying something about Christianity and having like a religious argument.
josiah narkowicz: In my thing to do with religion, animals is a hundred. Yeah, so I'm just going to pump reaction videos and the educational style ones that are like 200 calories of this, 200 calories of that, or this potato's got less  calories than this potato. So, uh, and then with the recipe ones, I might do a few easy, I might sprinkle a few easy recipe ones in there because they, they seem to just  blow up.
Kyle Musca: Right? Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Food, just food , really.
Kyle Musca: If I was going to say like what a good split of your kind of content would be, man, um, it would kind of be like if you scrolled down to when I used to do that. So, again, you'll get these ones that, you know, are more educational and they don't go viral. And then you'll get these ones that do go viral.
josiah narkowicz: Right? And then it's a balance of those two. Okay.
Kyle Musca: That's essentially what I'm trying to achieve. Because, like, I'd get a lot of eyeballs on my account for this type of , but then when I'm on sales calls and stuff, it'd be like, you know, this type of  that people watch, and they're like, oh, like that, you know, made a lot of sense and it really resonated with me or something like that.
josiah narkowicz: You know what mean? Yeah, so that's when, you know, they're obviously getting drip-fed your, that's the other thing we talked about last week, was more social-proof reels. So, you know, you might be talking about, like, a meal plan, for example, or why, six reasons why you're fat, but then obviously you put in, at the start, some social proof. If, oh, this is what such and such did to lose two kilos in two weeks, comment meal plan or whatever for my 1500 calorie guide, and then you follow on with the rest of the video.
Kyle Musca: I've seen heaps of people do it. Yeah, so this is what I did for this, essentially. Does this come on? me  do it. Get rid of that. Oh, you prick. Okay, that is, don't know what that's  doing. I don't know how to get out of this thing now.
josiah narkowicz: Oh, and I put on a setter.
Kyle Musca: Oh, did you? How's that going?
josiah narkowicz: Good. Got him onboarded. And he's just pure commission, 10%.
Kyle Musca: Is he going to do cold outreach for you or?
josiah narkowicz: So, he's basically going to handle all of the, like, hand raises. So, I'll do the direct, like, referrals and type form responses, but he'll do, like... Like... Like... Like... Like... Like... Not cold outreach, but he'll prioritise all the people in my inbox and who's replying to the stories and all of that sort of new followers, all of that kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: The biggest thing, and if you're going to do this, man, I would be very, like, overview-y of him, especially to start with, is because, like, getting someone like that in their account, man, they're commission-based, which means they only get paid, obviously, when they make a sale, which means they don't give a  about, like, nurturing anyone.
josiah narkowicz: They just want to get calls booked in. They're just money-hungry at that point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I would say go, you know, potentially even get him to do some cold outreach saying, like, you know, hey, like, you know, I've just gone through a couple followers and I saw you pop up and I was just wondering what kind of content, you know, you'd want to see and everything like that and form that kind of relationship with them. But at the same time, I could very likely see that, be like, oh, like, let's  book in a Nicole, like, what are your goals? And just like pushing super hard. And, you know, if you start doing that, then like your content's going to flop because these people that are engaging with your content are not going to engage anymore because they're just going to be like, this comes to strong settlement.
josiah narkowicz: So you're saying that don't do cold outreach, basically?
Kyle Musca: I'm not saying don't do it. I would just be very, very cautious about doing it. Like if it was me in that position, I don't, one, I don't, not a fan of cold outreach to begin with, but I would be like extremely cautious of the fact that they're not going to, they're not like you where you'd conversate. And if it doesn't necessarily lead in the direction of a call or a sale or they're interested, then you just wrap the conversation up to save face and be like, no worries. Like if you need a hand, just let me know. Whereas they're going to be like , you know, just aggressive to book in a call.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So he's only, he's only. Doing like an hour or two a day, he said, because he has a full-time job as well. And basically, we're just going to start with no cold outreach, people that are just replying to the stories, replying to the polls. So, you know, there'll be 5, 10 people to message just from the polls. People replying that are saying, oh, yeah, DM reset for this guide. He's plugged into ManyChat as well. So anyone commenting on the ManyChat sequencing, he's basically reaching out to them, oh, such and such. You downloaded the guide two days ago. You know, have you found it so far, blah, blah, blah, blah. So we're not really, we're going for hand raises, not for randoms that are just engaging with the content. So, yeah. Yeah, but he seems pretty on to it. Like, he was telling me about a few coaches he's worked with that have... He's gotten successful results, so.
Kyle Musca: You can try, like, I'm not saying don't do it, but I'm just saying, like, especially to start with, just make sure you're happy with it. Then the other thing I'd just be cautious about there is, like, if he isn't only in there one hour a day, the, you know, it's kind of not enough. You're still going have to get in there and, like, which is good because you should be checking on the conversation anyway, but I would still get in there and reply yourself just to speed up those replies because it's only going back and forth once a day. It's going to be a very slow conversation and probably going to be fine just because of that.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man. Sweet. Going into checking, but, again, I'm not saying don't do it. See how it goes and just keep an eye on it eventually.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, the way I figure, like, no skin off my back initially, you know, just see how it runs. He seems pretty hungry, so...
Kyle Musca: Yep, beautiful. Cool, so coming into here. So, three calls taken, three calls closed.
josiah narkowicz: Were they all from Instagram? Oh, I don't know. Let me just double check here. Two from Instagram, one from Bark.
Kyle Musca: Okay. That's  very solid, man. I mean, even this one, bro, this one's still got three and a half thousand views. That's still good. Five thousand one. Do you want to know who your real friends are? Get skinny. Get skinny, lose weight, get healthy, go to the gym, take your vitamins, do all of the things. To become a better person and watch all of your friends. One thing I'd also do is, oh yeah, you come through and reply to them, beautiful. Yeah, I was on to it. Yeah, beautiful. And then what I would start doing up here to increase engagement, is start adding the polls and stuff. They  go so hard to increase engagement.
josiah narkowicz: In the actual comment, or as you're like setting it up?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, when you go to post, you'll have like two options.
josiah narkowicz: You'll have the prompt and the poll feature.
Kyle Musca: So the prompt will take the caption and put it in the top of the comments. The poll will obviously just add a poll on it. And you can message off the back end of that as well. So pull this closer. So I like, if you did something like this, bro. 200 calories of dates, 200 calories of raspberry, 200 calories of white potato, 800 calories of spotlight potato. And then make it relevant. But like, do you. Struggle with nutrition, yes,  I know if I do. And then everyone off the back end of that, like, hey, so you voted on my, you know, poll. Just wanted to reach out to see if I could lend a hand. Like, what are you currently, like, working towards?
josiah narkowicz: Perfect. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You'll get a lot more actual, I guess, poll users of that kind of content because it pushes it harder when it's a feed and a story, a feed and a reel and  than it does a story, right?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I don't know what's wrong with my stories, mate, but they seem pretty dead, to be honest, like, 150, 200.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just stories, Ben, it's just, they're . They just don't go that hard.
josiah narkowicz: Even if, even, like, the one, like, max I'll get, sometimes I'll get, like, but it'll be one of, like, my cat. And I'm like, , that could have been one with a poll on it or something, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, the thing is, like, man, like, people, like, , I don't know about you, but, like, when you're in stories, you just  tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, know what mean? Like, if it doesn't, like, stop the tap and just, like, get people to slow down, then it's, like, just sees that and just, like, okay, let's just put it to the back of the list of stories.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. But then you've got, you just know that, oh, yeah, there's those 100 people on there that have been watching for ages that are actually engaging with it. So, it's probably worth it.
Kyle Musca: 100%. The other thing as well. Rice or potato. Is that, uh, definitely start, like, adding a bit more of a caption. So, instead of saying, you know, for more, uh, simple fitness tips, add, add more about what the actual video is. Um, because, so, basically, Instagram goes off keywords now, right? Yeah. Used to go off your hashtag  weight loss, hashtag nutrition. Now, it's, like, here are, here are a simple, some simple... Nutrition advice to help you lose weight, for example. And then Instagram will see that. Okay, this is for weight loss. Does that make sense?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, 100%. I've just seen a few other people do like a really minimalistic caption. Sometimes not even put a caption. But yeah, obviously having the keywords in there is how the algorithm ranks it, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it's just another factor to help. Like, it's, you know, you don't have to write a full paragraph. Like, I certainly  don't. But like, if you can add a little bit, just help it out.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Pretty basic, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just to give it a little.
josiah narkowicz: That one was funny.
Kyle Musca: That's the other thing as well. sometimes, man, the things I find kind of funny, like, just no-go as well. Yeah. As you think, the things that I find so  mediocre, usually the ones that just rip. So, um, and then, yeah, I always add, like, a little CTA here, know, DME, EMP, go apply for coaching, whatever you wanted to do. Yeah. I don't think it shows it on the  thing, but, yeah, it will, there's a poll here, essentially, and people vote on it, and I think it's something that, like, if you had something, poll on this one, man, it would have gotten , probably a couple thousand votes.
josiah narkowicz: and then they're all people, like, in DME.
Kyle Musca: Yep, pretty much. Um, depending on what it is, you know mean? Real friends are, get skinny, get skinny. Again, you'd have to make it relevant, but if you made it relevant to that, like, um, you know, maybe I, you know, I got skinny and can completely agree, uh, I'm on my weight loss journey, X, Y, Z, uh, whatever the  the third one is. You know Make it relevant, but like, so you can tell, if someone says, I'm on a weight loss journey, I'm trying to lose weight, or whatever you  say, then it's like, cool, this person is on their weight loss journey, I'm a weight loss coach, I should reach out to them.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, everyone in the comments, we're pretty much like that. So, like, oh yeah, I've been on this weight loss journey, all my friends started , you know, ditching me, and calling me this and that, calling me shallow. So.
Kyle Musca: That's the other, yeah, so with this kind of contentment, I would never, and like the guy I showed you before, I would never come from like a hater's aspect, but humans do love to throw stones at people, you know what I mean? If you can, if of like, you know, bond over someone doing something  stupid, which, you know, I'd do a fair bit, something like that, for example, right?
josiah narkowicz: Right.
Kyle Musca: Um, then, you know, and especially these science-based lifting ones, man, they usually do pretty well for that, for that, um, reason. Right? You can throw stones at people. People  love that. Um, yeah. Cool. So in terms of doing an actual contemporary, again, you were right, like doing stuff like about creatine, mean, creatine's  2015 fitness .
josiah narkowicz: know, I mean, everyone's heard creatine a thousand one times up at this point. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: still, you know, it's still good to show that you're knowledgeable on it. Everyone wants to lose the part on the belly. Is there not like an exercise I can do just to find the part on the No, no exercise. Vistral fat's a little bit different. It's like a whole different organ. Subcutaneous fat is a storage facility. It is when we overeat calories, we will drive fat under the skin, and it's kind of genetically determined. If you've got belly fat, stop calling it stubborn. It's not stubborn. It's a reflection of your lifestyle. There's no exercise that just burns your stomach. There's no exercise turban. It's People tell themselves, so they don't have to change anything. Belly fat is a... See, because they were kind of a green fat. In your . Like, what they said was, like, true from what I heard. A good one that you might want to do there, like, I've done this one before, is like, no, that's complete . If you do  a 30-minute ab circuit every single day, you'll lose that stubborn belly fat. And then be like, see, I said it, we're like, this is literally what I've done. See, I said that with, like, absolute conviction. And if you didn't know any better, you might  believe me. This is how easy it is to be misled on the internet, right?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've seen that a few times.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, that's another one.
josiah narkowicz: I can use that with one that, like, I actually agree with, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, like, for example, I did it here, essentially. I'll like, I didn't know. Thank And not a single rep was done that day. didn't even know that. That was some of the comments on that.
josiah narkowicz: How did I know that was coming?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, because they're anticipating that, oh, this guy's going to absolutely  on this girl's reps. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Anyway, if you can see something and they're like, if you see someone hating in comments and  about something that's actually like, you know, should be like decently impressive, that's a great one to do. So, cool. Here are six things that you should stop giving a flying  about on your fitness journey. Number one. Did you repeat repost that or is that the same hook I've used before?
josiah narkowicz: No, I made that last week, so.
Kyle Musca: What's your friend Sarah's macros are? That's her body, not yours.
josiah narkowicz: So stop copying what other people. Do you film this on your phone? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you have a stand for this whiteboard?
josiah narkowicz: A stand?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: It's on, yeah, it's on a stand.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. What I would do to make this, like, a little bit more engaging, man, is, do I have them? I don't think I've ever got to post them.
josiah narkowicz: Right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, actually, let me.
josiah narkowicz: I don't really, I don't really  with the whiteboard videos, though, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they're, I mean, just to, there's a bit of a reference. You've just got to make them really engaging, that's the thing. So, like, if we were going to go, does he do all that fucker? Might not have even got to. We'll see you next time. Yeah. So this is how I would kind of do them if I was going to do them. So see how you all have kind of got everything written out already? Eat and wondering why you...
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I noticed that if you go to my other one, I did that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Here are the top five reasons why you're still fat. Number one, you eat too much  food. Yeah, so it's like, I think the issue is because you're like sitting there and nothing, like the camera, it goes in and out, which is good, and zooms in on stuff. But like what I like to do is I'll like go  side to side, ride it, go up closer. And then like not have it in there at the start. need to do in order to strip fat faster than you ever thought possible. Now, the only thing you really need to do is be in a cow at a deficit. But if you do these things, it's going to make your life 10 times... Like now, me now, I would probably just cut that out. Because again, want people to be like, you only need to be in a calorie deficit.
josiah narkowicz: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you kind of like almost under-explain some things? It's  easier. Now, I've called these the six low-calorie cheat codes, but in reality, they're pretty  basic things to do. Now, kicking things off strong, you need to be eating more fiber. Now, I would have zoomed in there if I actually cared about doing this content anymore. Not gonna lie, I've added this as number one just to give a big  you to all the carnivore plebs, because fiber is one of the most important macros that you should be focusing on. It's gonna help to keep... Again, I would not make it this long. This is not a great example.
josiah narkowicz: I've got other ones that I know would be good for that, but I can't be bothered finding. I get the idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you just want a real fast-paced, really, like, you know, switch around sides so the eye is constantly engaged.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it could have been, like, half the length. Yeah. Like, snappy with text coming up and, like, you know.
Kyle Musca: To be fair, man, like, just by looking at these, this content clearly outperforms this content. So you might as well just double down on this.
josiah narkowicz: That's what I'm thinking. Exactly. Like, reaction one. Reaction ones that are actually a bit more controversial, and then obviously the this-that-calorie comparisons.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've seen this style, this exact style, multiple times now, and it's popped off like every time I've seen it. It's seven days a week-ish. That one I sent you.
josiah narkowicz: It just seems like a -around with the editing, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, the only things that would really change is, like, the things on the plate. These things would stay the same. Skip it.
josiah narkowicz: And I'm nowhere near shredded enough to take my shirt off yet.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't, yeah, I wouldn't take your shirt off.
josiah narkowicz: I don't have the motivation to get that lean anymore.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I feel that. Now, with these videos, Ben, what I would suggest doing is getting this up a bit more, right? Right. Because, like, when you're in the actual reel, like, that will all be covered at the bottom. And I think I remember seeing it on my phone, was.
josiah narkowicz: Science shows that... So my plate, my plates were, like, at the bottom of the reel.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you kind of, like, try and bring that up a little bit, if that makes sense.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, sits center, almost, if you can.
josiah narkowicz: I think it's because I didn't want to, like, show all the  on the sides of it.
Kyle Musca: I don't know. Oh, raspberry, 200 calories.
josiah narkowicz: only place I could make the video, though, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: I need to get more plates, because I need to get, like, the same  plates. Because, like, this one's got a chip in it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Different, different colours, like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I don't think that stuff matters too much. Spud light potato, 200 calories of peanut butter.
josiah narkowicz: 100 calories 100 calories of peanut butter. I've got like 50 of these cooking that I can create with kind of minimal effort, so.
Kyle Musca: You know, sometimes it's always good to do as well. It's kind of like basic storytelling, really. Start at the end and then come back to the start. So you might like have, you know, once you film all this video essentially, and then you could be like, you know, this plate comes out to be a thousand calories and this plate comes out to be a thousand calories. Clearly there's a massive difference between the two, so let's break it down.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I've seen a few of those and then I've seen just coming straight out with it. This is 200 calories, or it's like both of them at the start, both meals all made up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: And then they're adding it separately. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, different ways you can do it, absolutely. There was one I did where I was like, this is 500 calories worth of steak, this is 500 calories worth of steak, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. I won't find it now, but cool. I've heard you know you're a ton of... Now, what I would do here is like, if you're going to do it like this, I would zoom in when you, you know, either put things down the plate or whatever looks better. Or like you say, this is 200 calories and then this is 200 calories. So it's like when you say, this is 200 calories worth of dates, you might have zoomed in on the dates as you put them on the thing, right? Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Does make sense? Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Calories of olive oil, 200 calories of avocado. Just because something is healthy doesn't mean it'll help you lose weight. This will give you more food volume. What I would do there, again, always do calorie comparisons. So this side comes out to be 1,000 calories. This side also comes out to be about 1,000 calories. All right. Sometimes... Sometimes when, you know, sometimes eating healthy and eating for weight loss aren't the same thing. One's more fiber than this. This will also give you way more volume than this and take up more space in your stomach, which helps you feel full of longer. These snacks here have five times more protein, will fill you up way more. And plus, just look at the size of that. All of these foods are really great for you and you can lose weight by using any of them. It's just that some foods will make it 10 times easier. If you're interested in losing weight, drop us a follow. It's what we do here. Like, 200 calories of dates, 200... No, I think that's good. I just think that, like, the delivery's great. I just think that the, I guess, the spatial awareness of what's in there could be better if that makes sense.
josiah narkowicz: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Should you eat rice or potatoes for fat loss? Both foods are great sources of carbs, but there's a difference. So 100 grams potatoes has fewer calories than rice. The same amount of calories, you can eat way more potato compared to the rice. What I would do there, again, whenever you can, like, whenever... Whenever... Possible. Show a visual representation. You know what mean? Like, this is 500 calories worth of rice, where this is 500 calories worth of potato. Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Instead of just a bag of rice or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, literally. So like. Do you want to know, should you eat rice or potatoes for fat loss? So you might want to do like, this is 500 calories of rice and this is 500 calories worth of potato. So which one should you eat? So if you're trying to lose weight, which one should you eat?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, better hook, hey.
Kyle Musca: Just a visual hook, like the visual hooks are always the best. It's, you know, people want to see . Both foods are great sources of carbs, but there's a difference. So 100 grams potatoes has fewer calories than rice. The same amount of calories, you can eat way more potato compared to the rice. So, see, that one hook would have covered that entire conversation, the converse part, if that makes sense.
josiah narkowicz: that's OK. So, you. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Potatoes have a lot more potassium and fiber than rice. And then that's where I would, again, use a comparison. This has 25 grams of fiber, whereas this only has 10 grams of fiber. You know what mean? Yeah. It can fall out for longer. So is rice bad? Absolutely not. It's a great fast digestive carbohydrate you can use as fuel before your workout, or if you struggle to eat enough, rice is a great option. But for fat loss, I'd recommend potato. Potato is going to keep you full of the longer, and plenty of potassium in there as well. Follow for more. Yeah, beautiful. That end part's good.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, like, I've seen ones where, like, a little number might come up on the screen. Like, you know, of, like, I don't know, 10 grams of fiber. So that you can see the numbers on the screen over each of the foods. So then I've got that visual there.
Kyle Musca: An easy edit would just be screenshotting the MyFitnessPal.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: A lot of it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: But that's definitely, yeah, a good point you make. Yeah, again, add more visual. This is 500 calories and this is 500 calories.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, those ones seem to do pretty well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, with weight as well, because it's like, you know, let's say it's 100 grams of, or however much, is a  rice that makes 500 calories, you know, for 500 calories worth of rice, you can eat three times the amount of potato. You know what mean? So try to get, especially when you're doing these types of videos, try to get very tangible between, like, you use numbers and about the difference that people can see.
josiah narkowicz: And then, like, have, like, one cup of rice and then drop, like, a fuckload of potato. So you're getting the visual hook, the text hook.
Kyle Musca: You can like, this is 500 calories worth of rice, and then like  dump a bunch of potatoes into a bowl, and this is 500 calories worth of potatoes.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. It just seems just  dumb talking about potatoes and rice. People love it, though. People absolutely love it.
Kyle Musca: Man, these videos seem to, you know, do well for you, as I was saying. But again, like, as we've spoken about, like, man, Sage doesn't get crazy. I hear his accounts down.
josiah narkowicz: It's still down.
Kyle Musca: I don't know. I need to let him know about this, actually. I don't know if it's down, but it's like not showing to anyone. It is. It's a hundred. hundred. 10 calories of Biscoff.
josiah narkowicz: This is 100 calories of dried fruit or apricots. This is 100 calories of fruity bite cereal. See, easy as to make. Like the recipe ones where you actually have to make the dish, like that  pisses me off. But this kind of stuff I can easily do.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, you'd be surprised at like, you kind of like look at a video, or look at what you, a video, and just like, how can I talk the least amount, essentially? You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, underexplained . Like, and it's to a  degree that I don't even like. Because like, when we go into, you know, something like this, it's like, if any training dickhead needs this, and like, watch this video, and think that this is going going to be the video that helps them lose 10, 20 kilos. Because they've got such a base-level information, like education. Stupid to even think that, right? But it clearly does work because, you know, this guy, like,  having many likes, and I think it was a crazy amount of engagement for it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, 67,000 likes, bro.
Kyle Musca: That's, you're going to have a fuckload of inquiries just from that, actually. Yeah, and then on the DM program thing. And, you know, again, it's, like,  such base-level advice. Anyone that takes that and runs with it as, like, I know how to lose weight now is, like, you, you  idiot. You know what mean? Like, that's just what people like watching. Again, you've got to kind of remember that Instagram is not a place of education. People love to think it is a place of education. Like, I watched this video, and now I know  everything about weight loss. I can go eat all the strawberries I want. But, like, people don't actually want education. They want to be entertained.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it's just, it's just to generate conversations, really, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I mean, they're in  doomscroll, man. They're at work. They don't  like their job. They're, you know, they're doing all that . They don't, you know, have some sort of purpose.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, I'm hearing you. This is good.
Kyle Musca: This is good stuff. Everyone wants to lose the part on the belly. Is there not, like, an exercise I can do just to burn the part on the No, there's no exercise.
josiah narkowicz: If I'm getting to a point where I can post one of each a day, like, a reaction and one of these calorie ones once a day, like, I think that's completely manageable.
Kyle Musca: And I think that's the, what you should do as well. Like, we're doing kind of a range of them to test what works well. But then, like, as you can do And see, you know, this one didn't pull, and just because it didn't, you know, you posted two of them, so it's not enough data to properly say.
josiah narkowicz: But talking head ones, they'll always be decent, you know, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, they're good, like, little fills and stuff, but at the same time, like, if these ones, which, you know, clearly  pull a lot harder and have a lot more potential in them, it's like, if we get to the point where it's like, okay, these types of videos and these types of videos are going to be your core, content pieces, then it's like, then we don't need to focus on these types of videos, and, you know, even those types of videos, right?
josiah narkowicz: Well, they're the ones that I resonate with, and I found fun and easy to make as well. So, I think that's important.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely.
josiah narkowicz: Like, if you feel like you  dread hating content, like, you're probably not making the right kind of content. Yeah, the ones, the actual recipe ones where I'm sitting going, like, basically copying a recipe, I want to go jump off a bridge. When I even think about making the recipe, I'm like, , man.
Kyle Musca: Sometimes, like, they're not bad if you're really not in the mood to film content because, like, 90% of it is just the camera's on the  thing and you're just putting it together. And then, like, at the very end, you're like, you know, you say, like, an intro and outro is basically what you need to  do.
josiah narkowicz: And I was getting fat, . I was getting fat. I was just eating all the food that I made. And that tub of peanut butter that I bought, I ate it in one day because I never have that  in a house. So I was like, I had no self-control.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you might even want to make a , like, talking head video kind of like that, but just a little bit more casual. You know what mean? Like, I just wanted to show you guys, like, I'm a fitness coach and everything like that. And I bought this peanut butter for  a piece of content. I bought this today. It's nearly  empty. If I'm a fitness coach and I can't even, like, you know, I look in the pantry and I see... Peanut butter, and know I'm going to  down it. Like, what makes you think you're, you know, any better, right?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then get, like, a little bit, again, pull up Sage's account because he did something like that with the Spudlight potatoes or whatever the  the other week.
josiah narkowicz: Oh, he has beef with Spudlight.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that did well for him, man. Like, you know, because it's not like, it's just like, it's so far from an ad-like video that people stop and watch. If they sort of see, as soon as someone picks up, like, oh, this is an ad-e type video, it's like, I'm out of here.
josiah narkowicz: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that's, I think, again, it would obviously take some time to refine it and everything like that. But, like, that's why, like, higher-up wellness, I would say, does well. It's because, like, he's usually talking, it's not like he's doing hardcore hooks and . He's doing, like, pretty casual  hooks. That, in a company. And I just, like, he just kind of makes it sound, seem like you're , he's talking to me. Here's a free workout program you can follow in the gym to guarantee results. I've been training three days a week for many years. It allowed this. I mean, it's not very aggressive. And, like, again, I still look at this , man, because, like, I played around with doing some talking head stuff and posted it. Didn't do  well at all compared to everything else I do. But that's the thing about playing around and testing things. Yeah, this is just a quick little. But, like, even just, like, listening to that compared to that, I would say I just came out too kind of aggressive, if that makes sense. Like, the first thing you hear is kind of intense, whereas his tones are very casual.
josiah narkowicz: Here's a free workout program you can follow in the gym to guarantee results.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I got it.
josiah narkowicz: This guy pisses me off, though. His voice is just way too fast and annoying. I can't even process it when he's talking.
Kyle Musca: like, oh. Yeah. But that's... But again, the algorithm, the Instagram will pick up on what kind of content you make and what type it resonates with your audience. And sometimes it's just  weird, man. And then essentially, it's just about doubling down on that. For me, it's the reaction videos. Instagram knows exactly who to show the reaction videos to, how to go about them, and it'll  push it like a . I can make a, you know, educational video, kind of like, you know, the ones you make or the ones I used to make. Same engagement ratio on the, you know, starting part, and it just won't push it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's just like, learn what you like making and learn what the audience likes and learn what the algorithm's going to favor you doing as well. The other thing, the other thing I think you should include in there, man, is some carousels as well.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I did save a few of those, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because carousels are, well, one, they come up on the feed post, which is like a lot more of your actual following, whereas Reels is like people you don't follow, whereas these are all people I follow.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I've seen a few ones that I, I saved that I was like, yeah, that would, cause it's connect, it's more connection because the, the reaction ones and the, like the, um, food ones, they're not really getting to know me. They're not really knowing my story and what I, what, who the  am I? So the carousels would be a good, like more connection piece about who I am and that sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: They're also, oh. They're also a great way to throw in transformations as well because, you know, like, same as the, it's the exact same, I guess, concept and breakdown of the social proof ones where you talk about a topic and then midway through you throw in social proof.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, you have like a before and after in the middle of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, this is where I started. This is my life story. Since then, I've been able to help hundreds of different people transform their lives. and then that would be like a transformation photo.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: That all making sense of that?
josiah narkowicz: Absolutely. Yeah. I feel like we've got a good review of the content now. So, yeah. I'm in a really good groove with that. But this week was just , yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The great thing is, man, you've got the traction. Like you've proven now that you can pull in leads through Instagram if you're consistent with it. You know, five grand a week, that's , you know, immense, man. People don't even make that in a month.
josiah narkowicz: Well, the upfront certainly help. But yeah, I'm at 4.2 recurring weekly now.
Kyle Musca: That's kind of what, like, that's why I like the payment structures because you get a bit of cash injection into the business, and then you just get recurring after that. That's why I set the payments up as they are.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah, it's the highest I've ever been, not even including any of the paid upfronts. That's, that's just the $100 payments coming out. Yeah. that's, yeah, I'm stoked. I've it so far.
Kyle Musca: Have you done anything for Black Friday, man?
josiah narkowicz: That's another thing. So I think I posted in my check-in those tasks from last week that I hadn't quite got on top of. So one was posting more of the social proof style content. So I'll gather all, like, you'll send me the notes from this and I'll action all of that this week. The other thing was the Black Friday, setting that up. So I've got the Word document. I just need to map and draft some stories out, I think. Draft some stories out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, again, a carousal is a great time for this because a carousal will get pushed out to more of your followers than a feed will. So you can do – and do a couple, man. And, like, do  one where it's just a straight Black Friday launch announcement type  thing. up. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. One where it's maybe a bit of a story transition and transformation transition into Black Friday offer ends in a week or something like that. You know what mean? So, like, when you've got these offers running, man, you just have to  push them like a . Story every single day, try and put it in every single post you do, should be mentioning it in at least the caption. I would do at least two or three carousels before the end, like, before the end of next week. Like, even if there's even a good time to do some, you know, talking to head ones where you say whatever the  you can say about whatever, like, if you need a hand, my Black Friday offer ends this Friday, whatever the  you say. So, shoot me a message and we'll have a chat or something like that.
josiah narkowicz: You know what mean? Yeah, I'll have a quick look at that document as well and map a few things out. But I noticed Sage does this really well where he'll talk about, you know, oh, there's, there's, he'll put a little. screenshot of his newbie, and I fully well know that he hadn't  signed up 10 people that the past few days or whatever, but he's like using an old one to create that urgency, and then, you know, he's saying, oh, we're reopening it, there's three more people to sign up to this Black Friday. So he executed it really well.
Kyle Musca: That did well for him as well. Like, he got a lot of organic inquiry off that. And then, the other thing, man, I would also use this time to reach out to, like, old clients and stuff. So, hey, bro, how's it going? You know, how you been since we last spoke? What have been doing? Engaged conversation. Man, I reached out. I'm actually running a Black Friday offer for past clients.
josiah narkowicz: If you join up, I'll give you a half a month free or whatever the  you say. Yeah. A, like,-ignition campaign for older people.
Kyle Musca: And what would be great for you, man, is because you've actually included more to your service, just be like, man, I'm actually gonna, you know. This could be your Black Friday offer. I'm actually going to bump you up to my highest tier package at no extra charge. You know, instead of monthly calls, I'm going to be doing weekly calls or weekly check-ins or whatever the  you do.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Because, like, you've improved your service.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah, I'm doing four nightly calls with the $100 a week recurrings. Um, and, yeah, I've got a few people doing the weekly calls, but mainly just the fortnightly calls, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Are you doing a weekly check-in?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah. For everyone?
Kyle Musca: That's a, yeah. Is it a Loom check-in or what's the check-in there?
josiah narkowicz: So, the check-in, I'll just, like, screenshot their, oh, well, like, copy-paste their  typeform response. And, like, get a voice memo script from ChatGBT, but it's dialed in. you. And, like, I've used it the past two weeks and people  love it. Like, they're like, yeah, I love this response. And then I'll do a written summary of their check-in.
Kyle Musca: How many check-ins do they get it put together?
josiah narkowicz: Probably five minutes per person.
Kyle Musca: I don't want to say just, like, do a bit of a loom, run over their data and stuff. And then what you could do is just have that same ChatGPT script, but, like, keep it as, like, loom. And so it's just set on the window, make sure it's not entire screen, so they can't see it. And then you can basically fill it up. Probably this week has been, like,  tremendous progress. Like, you've done X, Y, Z, and then, obviously, you've got the script to go off.
josiah narkowicz: Just so they can get the video element to it.
Kyle Musca: Just so they can see it, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you might even want a program to say, like, including a, like, trying to hint at a referral or something like that.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I did. Actually, that was another task you got me to do. It was to change. my check-in form to like optimize for referrals as well. So just from putting that in, there was like five referrals that came through. So, and then obviously coming up to Christmas and that, everyone already knows that I'm running an internal challenge February. So I said, Hey, look, like, you know, if your friend joins in February, they get 20, 20% off their whole coaching fee. Um, and you get a week free just for  joining the challenge. So I'm gearing everyone up for a really big February internal, internal challenge.
Kyle Musca: So with the referrals as well, man, when you speak to them, really good psychological trick is mention that their friend, whoever referred them knows that there's a, like a bonus, like a $200 or $150 bonus or something like, you know, thing for, you know, So if they refer and made joins, and kind of frame it so they know that if they were to say no to joining, then their friend would know that they said no, so then they don't get the bonus. Does that make sense?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, so they don't want to let their friend down because their friend already wants the bonus. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know, and just to be transparent, you know, obviously, James loves the, you know, killing it. He's getting great results. But he is aware that, you know, by referring you on, he does get like a $150, just like a appreciation, essentially. That goes for you as well. But he's aware that we, you know, we're having this chat. And, you know, if you want to move forward, then I'll reach out to him straight after.
josiah narkowicz: So basically, you're costing the $150 if you don't sign up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And obviously, you thought you were a bit of a fat . So. Yeah. To be honest, yeah, the guy that I called, I called him and I was like, oh, such and such referred you. And he's like, oh, who's that? Oh, because he hadn't talked to him in a while and he hadn't actually, like, spoken to him about it. So.
Kyle Musca: I mean, that's not even a bad thing, man. Like, you could just say, like, bro, give me a  number, I'll give him a call. Yeah. Did he bite on it?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, he's booked in, but he had to reschedule. So, like, when I'm on the phone with him, it's done.
Kyle Musca: Like, if they're. You could have, that's another way, man. Like, it doesn't have to be someone who's actually interested in them, spoken to them. Just be like, man, who do you, you know, who do you know that may be interested in? You know, I'll just give them a call and I'll just have a chat to see if they are. If they're not, no harm done.
josiah narkowicz: I've been hustling my clients recently saying, like, hey, you're going to spread the good, spread the good word. February, we're getting. Never. Never. Everyone around it, you get deals, they get deals, you know, let's set up 2026, so I'm gearing everyone up for it.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is when they do something like that, man, show genuine appreciation to them, you know, message them like, hey man, you know, XYZ joined up, I really appreciate you doing that.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, the guy, the guy that gave me the referral, I messaged him and sent him a heartfelt message and, you know, because I didn't even, he wasn't even a client, he was just some random that I knew.
Kyle Musca: Oh, nice.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, off Instagram, from Melbourne, haven't never met him before, and he's like, oh yeah, some guy on Instagram, you know, referred me to you, and he was like, oh Matt, I'm like, who the 's Matt? Then he, I had to like dig further to know who this Matt guy was, and then I remembered him from like a year ago, following me, so.
Kyle Musca: Again, that's why the conversations are so good, man, because you can just conversate with someone who might not, it generated an immediate cycle with that. Exactly like that, bro. It can happen weeks, months, or even a year later.
josiah narkowicz: I obviously left a lasting impression on the guy. And he said, oh, yeah. He said, you know what you were talking about and this and that. So, and it was comforting though, because that guy, he was like following me for the past week and he said, yeah, I'm loving your content. I really align with what you're doing. Like, I love the vibe. So it was a no-brainer. So I was like, okay, that's good reassurance as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Even on sign-ups, man, after you close them, like don't do this until you close them and stuff. But like, man, you know, who do you know that would kind of be interested in doing something similar, man? What do want you to do? Just shoot me a text after, just that name, the number. I'll give them a call, man. If they're not interested, know how I'm done.
josiah narkowicz: But if they do join, I'll give you 150 bucks.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. Well, I guess it's been working the past two weeks. So other than that, I had never had really a referral.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, yeah, again, would just, it's got to be top of mind, man. Like every time you, you don't want push it on people and shove it on people, but it's got to be like top of mind for them.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Anything else you want to run through at all, man?
josiah narkowicz: Not really. I think the content and everything we've talked about today is pretty good, but I am always in the back of my mind, like, hey, when are we, when are we  launching ads? And I know let's just focus on the content for now, but I'm just, I just.
Kyle Musca: If we can, if we can keep doing your content, how you're doing, you can keep improving, man. I would not be opposed to it at all in the new year. It's just doing it this time of year is  terrible time. Would not recommend it at all. Yeah. It's just, yeah. people aren't looking at fitness programs, especially in December.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Especially with my. Ad spend. Like, you'd be spending  5K a week on ads, right, at this point?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you just get a lot of competition. And it's just, yeah, not a great time to do it. Like, you've to be real dialed in with it and you've got to be willing to spend money because it's an option at the end of the day as well, is what ads are. So, you know, you've got to have the entire process really dialed in for it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I think what we do is we just keep doing what you're doing, build the foundation, into the new year, then it's like, okay, we can start, you know, adding a little bit into ad spend, but we don't need to rely on that fully.
josiah narkowicz: I think I just need to accept that I need to do organic, you know, and rely on it.
Kyle Musca: Organic, bread and butter, Like, if you can get organic pumping, it's like, you can do half the volume and profit twice as much. You know what mean? Like, organic is like It's  ideal if you can get it going.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay. Sweet, that's all good. What's on for your weekend?
Kyle Musca: Probably just working.
josiah narkowicz: Did it work?
Kyle Musca: Catching up on new things, yeah. Yeah, how about yourself, man?
josiah narkowicz: Bit of daddy duties, mate. See the little one. I've got a little 15-month-old girl. So, yeah, I see her three days a week. And, yeah, that takes 10 hours of my week, bro. And then golf, obviously, golf. Bit of an obsession at the moment. Yeah, Sunday's just church, gym, and I'm supposed to go on a date tonight, but I can't be , right? Just want to kind of relax and chill. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep, sick, man. So, So, So, Cool, bro. Well, yeah, enjoy that. And man, just keep pumping, keep staying consistent with it. We've gotten proof that it works. So now we just need to double down on what's working.
josiah narkowicz: 100%. All right, bro. I'll actually not let that off. Thank you. Perfect. Cheers, man. I'll chat to you very soon. Bye, mate.


>>> 19/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-26T05:01:00Z | id:104424889
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Well, rip right in, man. I really want to get into the sales process side of things with you today. Before we do that, man, is there anything specifically that you want to cover in this check-in?
michael: Not anything that I, like, didn't put on the form.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Beautiful. So, the whole stake in this week, you've taken two, didn't close any on the call. closed one in chat then from the sounds of things?
michael: Yeah, so, two calls, one guy closed. So it just like on messages.
Kyle Musca: Right. So you didn't close any of the calls, but you closed one other guy?
michael: Yeah. Like he's someone who had been like thinking about it for a bit. We've had, like, had had a chat to him before. And then with like the Black Friday thing, he was kind of like, oh,  it. Like, I'll just do it. And so then he's on now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. And with the two guys that didn't close, man, like what was the, what do you feel like the issue there was?
michael: Um, well, one of them, I think I told you, he was just kind of like, oh, it's not a great time. Um, and then the other guy, I don't know if like I was retarded or if maybe he was retarded, but like he finished and then he was like, oh, like, I thought it was just like, like, I just got free coaching. And I'm like, well, that's just not  what I said. But yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you get some people like that, man. Uh, as long as that, so we're get into the DM setting side of things and the scripting, uh, the sales script side of things. So, um. We'll power through that. Posting's been great. Constantly popping on my feet, which is good. And the reaction, especially the exercise reaction one, seemed to be gaining a little bit of traction there. So we can just keep dabbling down on those. Ideally, you just want to become known for the guy that does them, if that makes sense.
michael: Yeah, 100%. They have been doing all right this week, actually. Yeah, the one I did the other day is sitting at like 11. 11K? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. I would drop in into that one, man. You know, if you want me to break, like at the end, if you want me to break down your workout, send it through, and I'll give you a free breakdown.
michael: Yeah, I actually had someone comment that, and then I got him to send me his, and I'll do that today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would add that in the video, and then I would add that in the caption.
michael: Yeah, yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Time blocking was great. Sending hard reminders on what days to do what. Stories have been good, too. It actually made me do it, yeah. it. Beautiful. So starting the CTAs and stuff a little bit more.
michael: Have you been messaging people at the back end of like polls and stuff? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any traction there?
michael: Not yet.
Kyle Musca: Sometimes it's just about conversating, man. It's not like really a direct sale type thing.
michael: Like sometimes I'll just be able to give some information and then they may come back in a couple of weeks, yeah? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you use Exeter at the moment, on average, it's so much better than they were even just last week. I think overall getting more eyes on the page, just how those are. Yeah, so again, that's, yeah, getting the eyes on the page is like first step because without them, then nothing else works. And then just being really consistent with stories and social proof, stories, CTAs, well, stories, CTAs, and social proof because you can absolutely put CTAs in your videos and stuff like that, as we just mentioned, right? Yeah. And then social proof on top of that, man, like spam social proof. Every time you're doing a check-in, someone's lost a well-oiled weight, someone's, you know, said. There's something really good about the coaching. They love working with you. Anything like that. Put it all in your story, man. Yeah. Cade's very good at this. Like, make it look like you're working  a lot harder than you are. Yeah. You know what I mean?
michael: Like, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Because if people can see that, they can be like, , this guy's so busy. He must be good.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You're constantly putting on , you know, again, if you're constantly putting up transformations and you're putting up social proof of dude saying like, I absolutely  love working with you, man. It's changed my life. Two kilos, you know, 10 kilos down in six weeks, man. It's  awesome. Etc. You're constantly putting that  up on your stories, man. People see that. Like, people just start thinking like, holy , man. Like, this guy is just, you know, constantly pumping them.
michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: 7 out of 10 was pretty good this week. Being unstyled with the check-ins, posting good things to clients day on the story. Beautiful filming, et cetera. Pretty good. Just kind Just keep schedules a bit of, what was a bit of, just, sleep, okay, yeah, try it, okay. Oh, you got your wisdom teeth taken out?
michael: How was that? Oh, no, it's tomorrow, bro.
Kyle Musca: Oh, all right, yeah, okay. Yeah, sounds like you got plenty of content backlogs, so that's fine.
michael: Yeah, got, like, the whole week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I've been using Google Calendar, so I'm pushing some inquiries, et cetera. Yeah, wake up, go to bed at the same time each day, pre-record everything coming week, schedule posts. Oh, surgery, yeah, pre-maker stories to continue, yep. I think posting is starting to go quite well. Had two people stop these past two weeks, one guy with me for 40 weeks. Okay, another guy trying to cancel 10 days out from his next invoice due to rent him needing to find a housemate. I was going to ask you about this, but I ended up just staying firm on that. Yeah, so it depends, like, I don't really enforce a cancellation, you know, time as much, but if they're in their contract.
michael: Yeah. Like, then I'll enforce it, if that makes sense. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Also, coming into this period of time, man, like, as far as  is, you could probably expect a few people dropping off.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, you will notice, like, cultural, like, shifts. Like, this week and stuff, you know, seems to actually be quite good for sales because, you know, Black Friday is going around. Everyone's in a buying mindset. And then, like, you know, opposite happens in December, man. People get into holiday mode. They don't want to go to the gym. They don't want to start anything new. You know, they just want to kind of , you know, just take their foot off the pedal with everything. So, yeah. In saying that, over December especially, man, really focus on the internal fulfillment side of things, man. Like, really focus on pushing and start planting the seeds now about, you know, how important it is to remain consistent through the holiday season, how you can balance everything. You can still enjoy it, but still keep making progress, et cetera, et cetera. So, start planting that seed in their mind now.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Anything else? Yeah. Nothing really aside from how I can further improve what I'm doing, how can I have the next steps of my client journey, going from just use to follow engagement inquiries. So that itself will come down to one, just consistency of it. Like, you know, the larger of an audience you follow, there's going be people that are following along. And then, you know, it may just be one day the flip switches and they decide to just reach out.
michael: So being really consistent and constantly top of mind is super important with that.
Kyle Musca: I think your biggest issue right now, because the content side of things is killing it. Just got to stay consistent, keep growing it. I think the biggest thing is the actual conversion side of things when we get them on call.
michael: So why aren't we getting through this so we can dive into that? Easy.
Kyle Musca: As in how to push more referrals, more story tags, et cetera. So in terms of referrals, man, this is another really good way of extracting, you know, clients. Have we spoken about referrals as much?
michael: I don't we have yet. Not really, no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I don't want to touch base on too much in this session. It's something we'll definitely look at in the future. One is making it very, very clear to the guys on exactly how they can refer someone. So for me, man, what I did was I created a job form. You might have top, do you have type form, job form, anything like that?
michael: Yeah, yeah. Oh, I think I run on tally.
Kyle Musca: As long as it's a form, like an inquiry form, it's fine.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And basically, you just give them, like, make a referral one, essentially. And you just give them the link. Like, if anyone wants to join up, just tell them to sign this up. Or, like, they can send you the number and just make the connection or something like that. Like, basically, you just need their contact information.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Two things. One, making this process extremely easy for clients. If they have to go out of their way too far, they're just not going to do it. Two, getting really personalized with the ask. So, you know, man, like, hey, bro. You know, absolutely love it. Having you on the team, always good to ask for a referral or something after a win. So if they're killing it, they're crushing it, they've lost some weight, they've built some muscle, or they say that they're, you know, really stoked with everything, that's when it's, like, a good time to ask, like, just out of curiosity, man, like, do you know anyone else that is, you know, may also be interested in coaching? I find when, you know, guys on the team, you know, basically bring someone on, it, you know, keeps the standard and the quality of the guys in the team really high. And, you know, at the end of the day, man, like, I am, you know, trying to grow this coaching business, so I'd, like, really appreciate it if you knew anyone as well.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So actually kind of getting, like, a little bit vulnerable and, like, saying, like, I would really appreciate it or something along those lines, so it's, like, personal.
michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: And then if someone, and having an incentive, so, like, a lot of guys don't necessarily, like, I've got a $250 incentive if someone refers a client. Pretty much everyone that's referred a client to me so far since doing that, it's going to be, like, oh, I don't need it. It's all good. So, like, money isn't necessarily the biggest incentive, but I think it's probably still.
michael: It's idea to offer an incentive of like, man, I'll give you a hundred bucks or something like that.
Kyle Musca: You could do like a week free of coaching, but I think like actually giving them something is better than just like not getting them to pay what they're already going to pay.
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. That's something I would definitely, definitely tap into them. And so every time you're doing a check-in, anything like that, definitely, you know, bring it up and make sure you mention to them because it's like it has to be a very top of mind thing. And you have to constantly keep, you know, mentioning it to them.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I've done is that in my check-in form, right above the submit button, I have now got like, have you got a mate that's interested in coaching? Use Kahunas, don't you?
michael: Yes, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yes, I don't think you can add links and stuff in Kahunas, but mine's basically like, if you've got a mate that's interested in coaching, get them to fill out this link and they can just send that link straight to their mate. And it's like right above the submit form. So they see it super clearly every single time they do a check-in.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you might want to add something in there just to, again, keep reminding them every single time.
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The check-in forms in CUNSA.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You may even want to add a question or something like that. Have you got a mate who's interested in coaching? Drop their contact details here.
michael: I'll reach out or something. Yeah. Yeah, I might do that, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, might be an easy little pick up. More story text. So in terms of your clients adding to your story, the way I say, again, trying to add it as a personalized, I come from it as an angle of, like, it's going to help to keep you more accountable. Like, when you publicly show that you're on this journey, one, people are going to support you, which will encourage you to do better, but also just publicly stating that you're doing the journey is going to reinforce that you are that person, right? So, you know, if you know people are watching, then you're going to, you know, show up and continue pushing even on the days you don't feel like it, right? So. see next Like publicly putting yourself out there is an accountability tool. And, hey, I would love to support you. So if you do put something up on your story, man, make sure to tag me. Again, I'd really appreciate that as well.
michael: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
michael: Yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: I spoke to my guys about that like last week, man. And like it's been like a massive noticing increase of them like tagging me and putting stuff on stories.
michael: Yeah. Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Ideas for head talking got a bit stale. Could be the day. Could just be the day. content can't really go stale because like if you're going through and you're finding creators that you like and do that good contentment, they've constantly been posting content in that time.
michael: You know what I mean? Of course, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like go source inspiration from those. Again, don't try and do it yourself just because like it's already a proven method. If someone else has done it and it's gone viral or it's gotten really good traction, then it's like you know that that's a good talking point to talk on. Whereas when you're just trying to come up on the top of your head, it might not really be the best angle, if that makes sense?
michael: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: So if you get stale, go to Shelby, go to Hara Wellness, go up to Audrey, she's a female that does quite a lot of them. I like what she does. There's plenty of creators out there. If you see someone who does it as well, make sure you give them a follow, man. Like, engage with that content so it keeps pushing more content your way.
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I also shared you a video on Instagram this morning.
michael: don't know if you saw that about... Yeah, did.
Kyle Musca: ...a reaction-style video.
michael: Yeah, that was pretty cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also, not much. We've got voiceovers and trends. Same thing as I said last week. We'll not have it shared this week, as I'm sure everything's done today. Yeah, beautiful. Cool, man. Sweet. So, any questions on that before we dive into the sales side of things?
michael: Nah, nah. That's all pretty sweet. it.
Kyle Musca: Let's Okay, cool. So, I'll share my screen. So there's a few things with the sales side of things. So, one is the script. there we go. So this is essentially, make sure this is the wrong one. Yeah, cool. So this is essentially a sales script. Now, what this is designed to do, man, is when you're doing the fitness sales specifically, man, you've got to realize it's a very emotional sale. You know, the further into the fields you can get them, the more or the less, you know, objections you'll come into, right? Because if I just talk about custom programming and I talk about meal plans and  like that, and like, hey, yeah, it's for three months, it's two grand. Everyone's going to look at that and be like,  that, right? Well, you. Talk about like, you know, how they've been struggling, you know, with their, you know, confidence and they're super insecure about their weight and everything like that. And they can't take their shirt off at the beach because they're just afraid of being judged and they, you know, can't find a partner that they actually like and everything like that. And I'm like, hey, man, you know, we're going to help you not only lose 10 kilos, but actually regain your confidence, regain your energy, allow you to be more, you know, confident with who you are and you can go enjoy these experiences to the fullest. Then all of a sudden, like two grand is a very  worthwhile trade. Because at the end of the day, man, like a sale is, you've got a product or a service, they've got the money, the prospect has to see the value in the product or service more than the money that they're trading for. And when you've got that, you've got a sale, right? Yeah. So this is, I would potentially, and again, just the fact that that guy said like, now's not a good time. And everything like that just means that you just didn't get it. Into an emotional off-stand, like, state. So the fitness sale is very in line with actually just, like, proper coaching and keeping people accountable and having conversations and asking the questions that they probably haven't asked themselves before, right? So this script you can follow pretty much word for word. Obviously, change it according. Like, don't change the direction or anything, but you can just change, like, little pieces of wording depending on, you know, what you're. You're talking about. Now, there's a lot of things with sales. So one is you want to talk as little as possible. And all you want to do is ask questions, right? If you're, whoever's asking questions has control of the conversation.
michael: Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right? So this is the surface level , current situation. You know, what's your age, current body weight? What's your goal? How long has it been since you were at your goal? And what do you feel like you struggled in that time? Just surplus level stuff. Just getting a bit of past experience. What have you tried previously to fix this? Have you followed any nutritional exercise plans? Still following any of it now? Why not if you don't mind me asking? Okay, so you felt like going on an aggressive keto diet didn't really feel like something you wanted to do for the rest of your life. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Now, some of this stuff, you have to, it's a bit of nuance, right? If they haven't, if they've just said they've just tried keto diet or something like that, then you're not going to  be like, okay, and what about like a lot of cardio?
michael: Have you tried that? And was that much the same thing?
Kyle Musca: They didn't say that, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's the other thing with a sale, man. Do not start trying to solve problems that you think that they have. Solve the problems that they say they have, if that makes sense. So, a lot of people go on to the fitness sale or sales in general and like, oh man, we've got all this stuff. I've got all this custom workout. got all this nutrition stuff, X, Y, Z. But if that person said like, oh, I just really... If struggle with structure and accountability, then all you need to do is sell them structure and accountability. Sell them the solution that they're looking for.
michael: Don't try and sell them everything that you have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. All right. Cool. All this stuff's pretty simple. That's why I'm kind of like this part of it is. Then there's questions in here that will, you know, overcome certain objections you'll get. So this is one, for example, maybe help me not. And the tonalities, the question is, maybe help me not understand why I might be looking outside help with this instead of, you just trying to figure it out yourself. So preventing the do-it-yourself objection. Because if they say, like, I've tried doing it myself, you a couple of times and I just fail every single time, they can't get to the end of the call. And they'll be like, oh, no, I think I'll try and do it myself.
michael: Because you just be like, well, bro, you've already tried that. didn't work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right. Now, with emotional selling men, it's 7% what you say, so the actual wording you use in terms of how influential you are. The wording you use, it's 35% how you say it, so the tonality you use, and it's 55%, I think it's 38%, yeah, 38%. And then it's 55% your facial expression and body language, right? So humans are very social creatures and they've got a lot of like very subconscious cues, right? And you'll be influenced by how the person you're speaking reflects those cues, right? So if I said, okay, yeah, help me understand why you might be looking at, I don't know, getting outside help with this instead of just trying to figure out yourself, you'll be like, what the ? You know what mean? Like, very, like, asking that way would be like, put a guard straight up. Like, I don't know, mate. Like, if you were like, okay. And I guess, you know, maybe help me not understand, I don't know, like, why you might be looking at getting outside help with this instead of, you're just trying to figure it out for yourself.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what mean? Like, it's more curious. It's more, you know, concerned. I'm actually caring about what you're saying. Like, it sounds like I'm caring about what you're saying. Of course. And they're going to be, like, more able to open up to that, right? And then just getting to the problem, like, root of it, what they actually need. So, again, really figuring out what do we need to focus on in order to make this out. Let's say, you know, I just need, like, a little bit more structure or something. With my workouts. Okay. Got you. And I guess besides, like, just that bit of structure with your workouts, like, let's say, you know, you and I were to sit down and really just map this out step by step in terms of, like, but I guess, you know, the amount of time that you actually have available or, I guess, the level of support and accountability you're going to need or even just, like, the resources you'd like me to provide. What do you really feel like you would need, you know, from someone like me in order to be successful? Right?
michael: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Now, you will notice I take this very slow and I take this very controlled. An authoritative person, a confident person talks slow and talks confidently. I was like, okay, and I guess besides, let's say, a of structure, let's say we'll sit down and just really map this out step by step in terms of, I guess, the amount of time you have available and the support and accountability you need or the resources you'd like me to provide. It doesn't sound very confident, right? So keep it slow, keep it controlled. And if you, like, if you get lost at any point, like you're reading and then you kind of like lose your argument, you can literally just stop and act like you're thinking, right? Okay. And I guess like, besides a bit of structure, let's say we would sit down and really just map this out step by step in terms of like, you know, in terms of like, well, I guess the amount of time that you have available, you know what mean?
michael: Like just act like you're thinking about what you're going to say. Like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You can literally take it as slow as possible. There's certain parts where you don't need to say certain things. again, you know, if they say like their weight has caused them to be depressed earlier, we don't want to touch base on that too quickly because we haven't got them into like enough of a state where they feel comfortable opening up. So don't, like if they say up here, you know, you know, what weight are you hoping to get down to? And they're like, oh, I'd love to get to 80 kilos because being at 110 kilos makes me feel super depressed. Whatever they said, obviously say it differently, say something like that. Don't go into that just then because their guard might still be up. Have a little bit of conversation with them, get them a little bit more into, you know, their problems and understanding them a bit more and then bring it back up. I know you mentioned previously that like, you know, holding that extra bit of weight has affected your mental health. Do you mind telling me a little bit more about what caused you to say that?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Only say it though if they've actually mentioned. And something that, you know, causes you to bring up, essentially. So as it says, if they say, scam, wary, skeptical, fear of failure, limiting belief, mental health issues, stuff like that. If they haven't said anything, like, yeah, there's no need to bring up.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How long has it been since you, like, tried to lose the weight? Okay. And what's been holding you back from trying before this? Gotcha. So, again, this is preventing, now is not the right time, right? Yeah. You know what mean? Yeah, well, sorry, why now, though? Not just, why not just keep pushing it down the road like most men do, who never end up losing the weight? I just know if I keep pushing it down the road, like, I'll never get done. So you can't get to the end of the call and be like, oh, I think now's not the right time.
michael: Like, bro, you just made me confused yourself. know. don't Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Does it make sense?
michael: Yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: So we're overcoming objections here before they become objections. Now, trying to get into the emotional phase, man, like beyond, you know, just the weight loss itself, the muscle gain, what is that actually going to do? Okay. So I guess besides the obvious, just trying to get, you a little bit healthier, trying to get a little bit fitter, what are the actual reasons behind you really wanting to lose this weight? I mean, oh, I know if I lost this weight, I'd have so much more confidence, you know, I'd be able to keep up with my kids, X, Y, Z. Those are the things that make it worth investing two grand and three grand into it, right? Yeah. So you need, but you can't just tell them that. You can't be like, dude, you should lose this 30 kilos so you can run around with your kids without  getting out of breath. If you said that, they would be like, you know, you don't know me, like you don't, whatever, you're a dick. Like, but if they say it themselves, then it must be true, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that's a really important thing to remember, is you could be lying, but if they say it themselves, it must be true. So ask questions, not statements. Yeah. And just ask questions that lead them to the answer that you want.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of this so far?
michael: No, it actually all makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Again, and bringing back to the concentration, is carrying this extra weight, is that having an impact on you? Yeah, it is. But don't just, if they say, yeah, it is, don't just move on. You have to really get specific with what it is.
michael: Like, yeah, okay. And in what way? Or just on the same page, what way?
Kyle Musca: Don't just move on if you haven't gotten the answer. That's another really important thing. And when you're trying to really extract stuff, don't just move on if you don't get the answer that you're looking for.
michael: Or, like, don't get an answer you can work with. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, a really important, this might be getting a little bit too ahead of ourselves a little bit too quickly, but a really important method, especially through this phase, like the challenge and emotion phase, if they're not giving you answers, like if they're giving you really short answers or not answers that you want in terms of like, you know, besides the obvious, just trying to get healthy and fitter, what are the reasons behind wanting to lose weight? If they don't give you actual answers, like, I don't know, I just want to look better, you know, if they're like a  answer, you have to challenge them. And what you do by that is you basically just, like, open the door to exit. Okay, I get you, man. I wouldn't do it on the first one, but like, let's say, you know, let's say, why do you want to lose the weight? And then to bring back to the current situation, is carrying the extra weight having an impact on you? No, not really. I would be like, okay, I get you. So, I mean, like, man, if you just want to lose a couple of kilos, but it's not really that. They give an issue to you. It's not really impacting you in any way. I guess, are you sure you would even want to look at getting a coach to help you solve this problem? Right. It's like, are you sure that you even want to X, Y, Z? Yeah. And what this does is, one, it removes all sales pressure straight away because you've just said to them, like, is this even worth having a chat if it's not really a problem to you? Yeah. it removes sales pressure. makes you come from the angle of, like, you're just there to help. And, two, it gets them to kind of, like, fall in line to the point where it's like, dude, you're not giving me very good answers to work with. If you don't want to have this chat, let's just stop it here. Yeah. Yeah. And they'll come back and be like, and when you challenge them, they'll come back and be like, they should come back and be like, oh, no, it's not that. Like, I just really want to, like, lose this weight so, you know, I can increase more confidence and stuff like that.
michael: They should open up a little bit more after that. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How often do you think about your weight on a daily basis thing, right? This is a good one for, like, if they say, oh, I need to think about it. Be like, yeah, I get you, man. Like, and, you know, do you feel like, you know, you've been thinking, I mean, you said you've been thinking about it for, like, the last six months, man. So I guess, you what is it specifically that you wanted to think about? You know, in what way, what goes through your mind, oh, I'm really in need get this weight off, like, X, Z, obviously, I'll have different answers to it. How long has that been going on for? Six months. So it's like, if they say I've been thinking about losing this weight for six months and they're thinking about it every single day, it's like, man, like, you know, you've been thinking about this every single day for six months and nothing's really changed. You're right at the, you know, the line where you're going to take a step into a new life. Do you want to, you know, resort back to your old habits and go away and continue thinking about it? Or do you actually want to sort of take action so you can, you know, work towards becoming that best version of yourself?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Huh? Oh. Um, and then like, you know, expand on the problem, right? Feeling, you know, feeling like that, man. And I guess dealing with the fact that you've been carrying this extra 20 kilos and, you know, it's slowing you down at work, your knees are hurting. Uh, and you know, your confidence is pretty much slim to none, as you said before, man, for the last six months, I guess, has that itself been, you know, having an effect on you? but see how I asked that? It's not like, I'm, I'm, it's a very cool, like curious concern time.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, um, cool.
michael: Any questions on that so far? No, it makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Now future state, right? Supposing now this is more so to just remove that problem. So suppose, suppose in, you know, six months time, man, I'm able to help you, you know, give you that structure, give you that accountability so you can stay on track and get the job done. Just like I have with, you know, hundreds of other guys I've worked with. How would your life like? Actually be different than it is right now. And you really want them to like, throughout this whole script part here, I'll be writing like keywords down. like if they say confidence, if they say structure, if they say accountability, if they say, you know, keeping up with the kids, just like write little pieces down and basically save it for this and the objection handle. So how'd your life be different than it is right now? Oh, I know I'd have so much more confidence and energy and I'd want to go out and do more things because I wouldn't be afraid of people judging me, whatever they say. Yeah. Okay. Gotcha, man. Now, with this part, you really want to paint a very clear picture so that I don't even need to think about. So, you know, if you would imagine yourself, man, like six months from now, you've lost 20 kilos and, you you've got that confidence. You can feel it in, you know, the way you carry yourself. You can feel it in the way people actually respond to you. And, you know, instead of avoiding the beach, you're actually keen to go to You're keen to take your shirt off and, you know, you even start noticing people are kind of giving you like a little bit of a second look, but it's not like a judgmental look like you've experienced before, man. It's actually like, you know, like, oh, holy , that guy's got a nice physique. Like even some girls are starting to look at you and smile a little bit. And, you know, you're overall just feeling a lot more, I guess, proud in your physique, but also proud of the work you put in to actually obtain that physique, right? Like when you pitch yourself in that situation, having become the version of yourself that you want to be, I guess, how does that make you feel? Right? So you just don't want, you want them to just like imagine that future self of them and paint the picture extremely clearly of what's possible for them if they move forward with this. Yeah. And then you basically rip it away from them. So it's like, right. And my concern is like, what happens is you never go out there and fully commit to yourself. And, you know, you never go and get the right help. So you can actually learn the right skills you need. And, you know, as time goes on. You keep slowly gaining weight. Your confidence continues to get worse and worse. You find yourself just wearing oversized clothes nonstop, and you never go out, you never go on dates, you never talk to women, and you just sit in this, again, say they're actual problems, right? Like, no, just random . And you just continue to, your mental health continues to go down the drain even further, because you know you're digging yourself deeper into this rabbit hole. And overall, things just get even worse, man. I guess, I guess, what would that be like for you, man? You know what mean? Because now, it's like, what if you don't move forward, man? These are the two different directions you can go into. What, you know what mean? Like, which way are going?
michael: Like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, you have to, one thing I'd be, again, there's so much, like, nuance in this as well. One thing that I would be, and we'll review some sales calls and stuff down the line. One thing I'd be very, very cautious about It's like not getting a tangible answer here. Like, what would that be for like for you? Oh, I don't know. I'll just, you know, I'd have to figure it out. But that's not an answer, man. Because if you don't get past that now, when we get to the sale part and you talk about price, I'll just figure it out. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And how are going to do that?
michael: I don't know. I'll just figure it out.
Kyle Musca: You know, you want to move on, but I get you, man. Like, you know, that's easier said than done, though. Like, you've kind of struggled with the last six months. Because how would you actually, like, figure it out if nothing really changed? Oh, I don't know. I'd have to. And, again, because their brain can't go anywhere. I just figure it out. There's no  next step. I'll just figure it out. So I was like, yeah, okay. But how would you do that, man? Like, you know what mean? And that's another thing. Whether it's here or anywhere, if they say an answer that's kind of stupid like that, that doesn't actually have anything further on from it, you have to call them out. Like, how would you do that? How would you actually do that, though?
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah? Oh, well, I don't know. I guess I would have to do some, like, coaching. Again, if they actually think about it, they will think, like, eventually I'll have to do this. Yeah. You know what mean? Okay, so we might as well do it now then, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So, yeah, time to make a change then, possibly. Yeah, I think so. Cool. And then this is basically the pitch. This is where you'll talk a lot more. It's important for you to do something then. That's really the main thing I need to know because based on everything you've told me, I think what we do would actually work really well for you. So, again, you say it the right tone. Don't rush through it like that. Because you know how you said you want to lose 20 kilos, but at the moment you kind of sort of struggle with that structure, that accountability, that stay consistent now because you get the job done. Because of that, it's causing you to feel, I think you said, like, you know, a bit frustrated that you can't just stick to it and see it through, right? So, what I can do, man, is I'll give you a bit of a walkthrough with how we've actually... I'll Help you with all of this, if that's cool with you. Sweet. Now, in terms of the program, depending on how much they need to lose, just talk about that one duration, man. If they need to lose 20 kilos, talk about six months. Don't say, like, we could do three months, we could do six months, could do nine months, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Just give one option, give it really simple and clear. Cool, man. So the program itself, I think, originally is going to last for about six months. And the main focus there is on sort of creating lifelong change. And by that, I mean, we need get to the point where you don't actually need to see more, right? Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. You can read through all that stuff. It's pretty self-explanatory, right? Cool. Any questions on that stuff before we move forward?
michael: No. Cool.
Kyle Musca: I don't know. Yeah, cool. So that's that. Now it's, now this is right before, yeah, checking for post-pitch. Before you go into the actual close. So, yeah, man, like, guess, do you feel like, you know, this could be the answer for you? Yeah, I think it could be. That's not 100%, right? Cool, man. I guess I can sense just, like, a little bit of a hesitancy, man. Because what would be making you feel uncertain? Oh, it's not that, you know, X, Y, Z. Get, like, an actual answer. No, it's not that. just feels like, you know, too good to be true, let's say, if they said that. Okay, I guess, why do you feel like that, though? Right. So, if you feel, so, so you feel like if you had, like, a little bit more certainty around whether or not it would actually work, if you put in the work, that would put you in the best position possible. So, you could, like, move forward and lose this 20 kilos, so gain that confidence, right? Cool. Yeah, that's no stress, man. We can sort that out. So, again, that was just off the top of my head, but, like, you could sort that out by adding your guarantee in, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Conditional guarantee. Cool. Any questions on that stuff? No. Now, this is the close-up.
michael: This is...
Kyle Musca: The sale hasn't officially started yet. The sale really only starts when someone says, like, they bring up an objection. That is when the actual sale starts. Everything before that, man, is just like, you know, reading off the script. Obviously, there's skill and stuff involved in that. But a lot of people hear like, oh, now's not a good time for me. And they're like, okay, that's no stress, man. Do you want to chat in four weeks? It's like, dude, the objection handle is like the signal of, okay, now this is an actual sale. So, man, I'm happy... So, they're close. Yeah. So, yeah, I'm happy with everything we've spoken about today, man. I'm more than confident we can get you to where you want to be. I guess the only other question I have is like, yeah, when were you sort of hoping to get the ball rolling with things? Now, the reason I ask this is because the last thing you want to do, if they're not ready to sign up today, then you do not talk about price, right?
michael: So, this...
Kyle Musca: Basically identifies them from exactly what it says. Anything that may prevent them from starting now. So you don't want to get through this whole  thing, say the price and everything. Like, that's really cool, man. I'm going on holiday to Canada for two weeks and we can chat about it. You know, I'm keen to start when you get back. I would just call out. Like, yeah, no, that's no stress, man. That actually works out well. Because what I'll do, man, is I'll go away from today, look through everything. And based off that, I'll be able to do a bit of a package, which will take me a little bit of time. So, yeah, how about we just, like, line up a call for when you're back and we can run through things again. Like, touch base again and go from there. All right? So if they're not ready to start then and there, don't pitch them for price, essentially.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It also, yeah. It also, like, weasels out those  people that would just lie about that. Because if you say price, they could just lie and like, oh, that's really great, but I've got a holiday coming up next week.
michael: It's like, well, you already said that you're ready to start now. You would have brought that up before I am. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and then, yeah, you can change this a little bit, but. And I say, because, you know, I've got a full team involved in this, man, our turnaround time is pretty fast. Usually we can get the first block of everything back within 24 to 48 hours, which means plenty of time to prep over the weekend, yada, yada, yada. So I guess the only thing now, man, would just be to go through the different packages just to see what would suit best. Got a couple different options. We might as well start from the top and work our way through. So when you are, when you're talking about pricing and stuff, man, you want to act very casual, very nonchalant, very just like laid back. It is what it is, right?
michael: It's just normal, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If they sense any bit of uncertainty or you're not confident around pricing, that will instill non-confidence into them. It'll be virtually impossible to get them across the line. Right. So we start off with a price anchor. Now this is the package we're not trying to sell, right? So my top tier package, my platinum package, it's extremely comprehensive, man. It's really designed for professional athletes or, you know, people dealing with chronic injuries or illness. Or maybe someone wants to jump on stage and jump on a bunch of gear and stuff. So it's extremely comprehensive. Now, if we were looking at six months of that, it would come out to be about $10,000. So say it in its entirety, like , you know, you want their jaw to drop.
michael: You want them to be like, what the ?
Kyle Musca: You want that shock factor. And you want to be able to visually see the shock on their face. That's how you know you've done it, So don't say 10K. It would come out to be about $10,000. Now, there is one spot left available for it. But to be honest, man, I really don't think that you'll need that one. It's going to be a bit of a kill for what you need. So might as well just move on from that. So builds trust. We're price anchored. We're not just trying to sell you the highest tier package. Now, this is my Emerald package. This is my, like, high tier package. I wouldn't recommend you bringing this out just yet until you get the confidence with it. But essentially, you'd just go straight up to your core package, right? Which is $1,500, isn't it?
michael: Like $4,200.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that would be, let's just say, $2,400, $2,500, right? Yeah. Same percent. It applies regardless. That would bring us on to, and again, you can call it whatever you want, but that would bring us on to the EMERIC package. Now, this one's still very comprehensive, and it's really built to, you know, maximize support, accountability, and communication, right? So with this, man, you'd receive a full custom programming built around your lifestyle and goals, nutrition guidance, and comprehensive meal plans tailored by our nutritionists. So again, you'd probably change that a little bit according to your offer. Obviously, 24-7 text and call support. So if you have any questions, want any clarification, you need help, you can just reach out anytime. We're very, very big on the communication side of things. And this is a weekly check-in call review, how your week went, assess the progress, identify, you know, what needs to be adjusted to keep things moving. Basically, just taking a deep dive into your week as a whole and seeing if you're progressing at the rate we think you're capable of, and if not, What do we need to adjust in order to get you there? And then, obviously, with my office, the second weekly strategy call, we plan out the entire week. And then on top of that, you'd be accessed to our one-on-one educational series each week, yada, yada, yada. So, again, refine it to your offer.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And there's a fair bit more that goes to it, but I feel like you get the point. Now, if we were looking at the Emerald option for six months, instead of $10,000, man, I'd bring it right down to $5,000. And there is one spot left available on that. So, you'll notice how, again, it's not actually in here, it should be in here, but always try and add contrast, right? I've just said $10,000. So, instead of $10,000, man, I'd bring it right down to $5,000. Say it real casually, you know, it's nothing, $5,000.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, again, the wording of the price matters. So, $10,000, because I'm trying to, you know, scare them a I'm trying to get a little focus on that. $5,000, sounds like nothing, right? Yeah. So, when I'm talking about... Larger figures, I'm either talking about, you know, 5K, or if it's like a, you know, like 3,500, I'll talk about it in hundreds, so 3,500.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does it make sense?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Now, there is one spot left for that. So essentially, for you, because you only have two options here instead of three, after you do the pitch, like after you pitch the one that you want them to close on, which for you will always be your higher ticket because you need a downsell, you go straight into the guarantee. So there is one spot left for that. Now, obviously, I back everything that I do. So if you signed, if you joined today and you follow the plan, but you don't achieve a result, you're absolutely stoked with it. Not only will give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 just for wasting your time. And from here, I would just go, so I guess out of those options, man, like which one sort of jumped out to you the most? Just a couple of things here. One, you often... I the guarantee because it takes away the doubt of it not working, right? Like, you know, I'm willing to fully back and you'll gain $500 if it doesn't work, essentially. Now, this is a conditional guarantee. So you do have to have this in your contract and everything, which I have if you need. But essentially, then, like, it basically means conditional guarantees means that they have to meet the criteria to qualify. So for mine, it's like they have to do 80% of the nutritional, you know, log all their nutrition data. They have to do check-ins every single week with the coach. have to actually, like, do the forms and do the check-ins. They have to communicate with the coach, like, three times a week. They have to do all the actual steps that will get them a result because if they do that, then I know they're going to get the result, right?
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is about offering a guarantee is as long as you've got good fulfillment, which I'm sure you do, then they're not going to  turn around and be like, no, I didn't get the result. I'll give them my money back if you've built a good relationship with them, right? So as long as you, like, you Actually, just build it up.
michael: They'll be fine.
Kyle Musca: And then after I say the guarantee, you say which one of those stood out to you the most. So it's not like, did any of them stand out to you? It's not, how does that sound? Whatever. It's which one of them stood out?
michael: Because it's like AB alternative, right? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think the gold package sounded better for me. Yeah, fantastic, man. Well, did you want to run for that one? Yeah, cool. think so. Sweet, man. Cool.
michael: And then you just move on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I'll do is I'll send you the registration link, bro. This will only take us about two minutes to do. And we'll just secure a spot, man. And then from there, what I always like to do with this part is I always like to say, like, there's a reason for why we need to stay on the call. Right? So what I'll do, man, is I'll send you through the registration. Then it's, then I'll get you, then I'll just get a few final pieces of information off you. And then from... I'll have everything I need to get to work straight away. Now, the reason we do this, man, is because people will lie to you. People will say, like, that's, dude, I'm so  keen to start. I'm so ready. This is the best thing I've ever done. And you get off the call and you'll never hear from them again. So very, very big. You need to take payment on the call.
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: If they, and if they say, like, yeah, I'll do it later. Huge red flag. Do not get off that  call. If they say, like, yeah, man, I'll do it later. I've just got to run back to work. Yeah, that's not a stress, man. This will literally only take, like, literally a minute. And then I can just get straight to work. So what I'll do is I'll send you through that registration. You know what mean? As awkward as you feel saying that, they're going to feel even more awkward trying to counter that after they've just said it. Yeah. You know what I mean? And worst comes to worst, man, if they do , like, no, I've got to go buy it and not hear from me again, anyway. Yeah. Right. So real, that is super, super important. Do not get off the call. Do not trust their word for it, no matter how keen they sound when they say it, man. So, odds are they'll pull out.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Does that make sense, Ervo?
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I normally do the same thing. Like, I always, I don't think I've ever not taken payment on the phone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Now, a couple of things with the close, right, is, again, the close only, the sale only starts at the objection, right? So, if they're like, oh, you know, I have to think about it, boom. The sale is done. So, a few things with that. We won't have time to get into full objection handling right now. But, essentially, man, you never just drop prices or drop packages or break down repayments or anything like that without objection handling first. Because if you feel like it's, you know, it's $2,500 for a full six months, they're going to be like, well, you know, can we break that down, right? If you just go straight into a breakdown of repayments, they're going to be like, well. ya'll! I Why didn't you offer that to me at the start, right? You're like, yeah, man, we could look at something like that. I just want to make sure, man, like, is the program something that you actually want to do, right? So, again, get confirmation that they want to do it. And I would just, like, lightly objection to Enneagram here because if they say, like, can we break it down? It's not actually an objection. You just want to make sure that you're reframing it back onto the value before you get into pricing conversation again. So I was like, cool, man, I just want to make sure, you know, is the program something you actually want to do? Yeah, awesome, man. Okay, and I guess, like, you know, chatting to you about everything, man, like, why do you feel like the gold is going to sort of, you know, be the best fit for you? Right, okay, so it sounds like the program is something you actually want to do. It's just a matter of, like, I guess making it work, like, financially then, yeah? Yeah, cool, man. So, yeah, I work with a billing company, man. It kind of works like afterpay. Essentially, what we could do there is, yeah, just break it down so it's a little bit easier in cash flow. Like, would want to look at that? Yeah, cool. Sick, man. And then I'll be like, I'll literally do it. I won't share my screen with them, but I'll like, cool, man. In that case, they've got their own payment structures. So what I'll do is I'll just bring it up. Give me two seconds. Cool, man. Okay. So I'll look like I'm actually looking because I actually am looking. Even though I know it off the top of my head. Cool, bro. Okay. Sick. So yeah, man, if we want to go for the six-month gold option, instead of three and a half thousand, because now again, I'm trying to get the focus. focus on how much more affordable this will be. Instead of three and a half thousand, what we could do, man, is we could do 1,500 now. And then again, that would also cover the first month and we wouldn't officially start till next week. So the first repayment would be from like five weeks from now. So like ages away. And that would just be 400 months from that point onwards, man. So it makes it super easy on cash flow to get started. Would that make it a little bit more reasonable for you? You know what mean? Again, when I say, would that make it more reasonable for you? I'm not saying, do you want to run make I'm not saying, did you want to go with that option, whatever. It's, would that make it a bit more reasonable for you? The only answer to that is yes, because it's more reasonable than just paying a full $3,500.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Gotcha, man. Okay. So do you want to do it? Do you want to run with that? Oh, I don't have, you $1,500 right now. Okay. Nice rest, man. Just looking at what else they could do. Okay. So now we're trying to price anchor. Like, again, you've always got to be really cautious about price anchoring.
michael: So do know what price anchoring is? Yeah, with like the more expensive thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, just in contrast, how it sounds to the brain. So now we're going to have to increase the $4,900 payment. We need to get that out of the way first. Cool, man. So, sorry, the monthly payment. So instead of, yeah, instead of $400 a month, man, we could just do $500 a month. But that would bring the, it would bring it from $1,500 down, right down to just the case. So you're saving $500 over there just to get started. And I was saving $500, but that means it. But would that be a bit more reasonable? Yeah, cool. want to run with that? No. Okay. Sick, man. And again, I wouldn't just drop, drop, drop. I would try and objection handle a little bit more here, especially after this second one. If they're like, oh, no, I still couldn't do that, I would objection handle more. Yeah. You know what mean? Again, we're not going to have time to get into full objection handling. But let's say you do that. And the great thing about this payment structure, man, is we can keep bouncing around. So it's like, oh, let's go, you know, maybe we do, we could do 500 now, man, and then that would just be 600 a month. We could do 600 a month, man, and that would bring it right down as 500 just to get started. And would that be a bit better? Let's say they say, you know, too expensive. This is where you downsell, and this is where I'd have like a weekly option available. So I don't, I wouldn't do a weekly option here because it'd be like, again, it'd like 166 bucks a week or something like that. And people just aren't going to, if they can't.
michael: I'm afford $500, then I'm going to afford $1,66 a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right? So this is where I have my weekly options. So, cool, man. Like, in that case, bro, and again, add urgency. So I said, two spots left for the gold. For the silver, I said, like, look, man. Okay. Look, man, again, objection. Let's say you've objection a little bit. Man, I probably shouldn't be doing this because there's not technically a spot open for it. But I think I have someone finishing mid next week. I'm pretty sure it's mid next week, so I'll have to double check. But what I could do is I could slow you in to take that spot on the silver package. And essentially, man, like, that would bring it from $3,500 for six months right down to just $2,500. So it's quite a lot more affordable. And, yeah, what we could do on that is instead of having to lay anything down to get started, man, we could literally just go on, you know, $400 a month. Would that be a bit easier? Yeah. So now you've downside. So you have to. You add the urgency there because if they don't take that option there, they don't get access to it. So if they say, need to think about it, I need to speak to my partner, whatever the  case they say, you're just like, yeah, you can do that. But just be transferring, like I've got four more calls today. And again, it's not technically a spot open. So what tends to happen is someone, we get to a situation like this and, you know, someone just takes it and then there's just not a spot. So you can go have a think about it, but, you know, it would have to be about the gold package because pretty much guarantee this is not going to be about, but by this afternoon. Yeah. I mean, so you're adding that urgency.
michael: They take it there or they don't get it at all.
Kyle Musca: Right?
michael: Does that all make sense, man? Yeah, yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: Now, the way I would do this, so make a copy of this. You can, like, change wording and stuff if you like, but you can just read straight off it. Yeah. The way I would do this, man, is I literally have it up on my screen when I do the, Like, let's say we're in a Zoom format. This is literally how I have it. Like, obviously, I'm not sharing my screen, but I would, like, literally just have them in the background. And I would just, like, read straight off it. Yeah. Right? Now, as long as you're not going, like, okay, maybe help me to understand why you might be getting answered. Like, what I like to do is, and obviously, we'll take a few reps. I'll practice this, you know, in the meantime and stuff. And even, like, if you've got someone you could roleplay it with even better. But I always like to look away. So, it's like, okay. And, man, I guess, you know, help me to understand, you know, why you may even be looking at getting outside help with this instead of, you know, I guess maybe just trying to figure it out for yourself. Because if I'm looking down here, man, I'm not reading a script. If I'm looking up here, I'm not reading a script.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. The other really important thing with salesmen is make sure you actually listen. Don't get into the rut of, like, asking the question and then, like... Like start to read this and start planning on what you've said, what to say next, right? Listen to them because you'll need what they say to say it back, right? Yeah. That's another really important thing with salesmen. Recite what they say to you so they feel understood. Maybe help me understand why it might be getting outside help with this. Oh, I've just tried it, you know, multiple times before and I've failed every single time. Right, okay. So, yeah, I mean, you've already, you know, tried it a few times and it's never been able to like stick to it. So, it kind of sounds like you kind of want like a little bit more, I guess, accountability to stick to it, right? Yeah, exactly.
michael: Okay, gotcha, man. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right, because when you recite back to it, like pretty much exactly what they said. So, there's two ways. You either recite back what you said, they said, or you offer a solution to what they said, right? You don't go on a full  tangent. just say the opposite of what they said, essentially. So, it's like, I struggle with motivation, right? So, you know, a little bit more accountability, having someone to keep you accountable, stay on track, will probably be very beneficial for you. So, yep, gotcha, that makes sense, right? Yeah, yeah. Um, but basically all that means is like, they just register in their head.
michael: Oh, this guy really understands my problem. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. If you just move on, it can kind of feel like you just didn't really listen to him.
michael: Of course.
Kyle Musca: That'd great. All right, cool. Well, that was a fair bit.
michael: Um, any questions on any of that? No, it does make sense. I think like, I just do like an extremely, extremely condensed version of that. And it's just like, doesn't really work. Like, like the, obviously like, what, like 90% of that was nothing to do with like the actual service. And I think like mine was just kind of backwards.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, you don't really talk about custom training and  like that. You do mention stuff, but that's not what we're trying to sell because no one's going to buy that for, you know, $2,000.
michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Of course. Cool. Um, sick man. Well, if you have any questions on that, just sing out. Um, otherwise record your sales. Sales calls as well, man. We'll like review some actual sales calls and give you feedback there because that's the best way to learn.
michael: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sounds good. Super. Any other questions? Just again, feel free to sing out. I'll chat to you on text as well, man, but I'm going to Canada on Monday. Would you be able to do these calls in the morning at all?
michael: Yeah, bro. I'm pretty sweet on Wednesdays. I don't train on Wednesdays either, so I'll be sweet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. We'll sort out time. 2 p.m. over there is like 8 a.m. here, so it'll be from like, you know, then onwards or even if you can do a little bit earlier, we'll sort it out. Yeah, easy. No stress. Cool, bro. All right. Well, enjoy the rest of the day, man. I'll chat to you soon. Perfect, bro. Thank you. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 20/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-26T06:00:24Z | id:104429228
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Good. Good. How's things?
Meg Tovey: Good. Same, same. I always struggle to answer that question.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. Well, we'll it in. I was reading through your form before. How has this week gone overall?
Meg Tovey: Good, with referrals. I've signed five people up in the last, like, since Thursday. Okay. But, yeah. Still struggling with the ads, people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Are you getting many, like, are you getting much volume through the ads? Because, like, the cost per lead is solid. Like, the cost per lead is, like, better than mine.
Meg Tovey: Let me give you the actual numbers for November. November. Oh, wow. So many new followers. But, like, all... Also, some of those would be from ads, just not directly, you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: So on my spreadsheet, there's 460 in total. However, if I take out the followers, it is 200 in November.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: And then 260 followers, which some would be from...
Kyle Musca: Okay. So I mean, you've got decent click-through in terms of your mini-chow. I would say on that last question, the financial qualifier working full-time, we've only got 49% there. So it seems like you're probably getting a fair few duds through. Again, that's why we attached the cappy. So that should help with time. Have you had many calls booked from like this week from the hours?
Meg Tovey: Since Wednesday last week, what date was that? 19th. So from the 20th, there has been one, two, three, four, five, six. And And And two of them were followers. So four from the ads. Oh, no, sorry. Two from the ads in the last week. And one, two, both of them didn't show. And one of them I have rebooked for tomorrow. Well, pending.
Kyle Musca: Have you been checking the conversation quality from the setters and stuff being on top of that?
Meg Tovey: The booked call ones and, like, because there's obviously more booked calls from followers, they've been really good. But, no, I haven't been through, like, the ones that haven't booked. So maybe after, if I go through, like, everyone who's replied but hasn't booked a call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, even if you just go filter in ManyChat, the qualified leads, because on my side... ... ... ... ... ... So we've got 19 leads total. And then from that.
Meg Tovey: Is that what, in the week or month?
Kyle Musca: For the week, the last seven days. And then with that level of qualification in terms of like, because that's based off actual leads. That's people that have finished that many chat and have said working full time. Like based off that, like my booking to lead ratio, like my actual one is like 40% last week. So 60% last week, 40% the week before that. So currently you're sitting around like 10% if you've gotten two calls booked from the ads.
Meg Tovey: So how do I, I'm just in many chat. How do I see that, that you're looking at the 19?
Kyle Musca: So if we come in here, you'll see, oh, sorry. In meta-ads, you'll see the 19.
Meg Tovey: So if you fill the last seven days, you can see leads total.
Kyle Musca: Uh-huh. So brought the ad spend down as well. And then you'll see total results here. So obviously that's high. That's not super accurate. If went off that, again, you'd be like, that's 50, 75. That'd be almost 100. So it's like that's basically not right.
Meg Tovey: Whereas we've got 19 total here.
Kyle Musca: Now to look at that in actual many chat, if you want to review conversations, you just go live chat. You go filter, conditions, tag, qualified working full-time.
Meg Tovey: Hang on. Filter, condition, tag, qualified working full-time.
Kyle Musca: Let me just write that down. Yeah. Now that will give you like all the, I mean, that will give you all the qualified ones. So you can just like go through there. Otherwise, if you wanted those ones in the last seven days, then you just go system field, like add a condition system field, subscribe, go.
Meg Tovey: After, hang on, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, let me just write this down. Tag, qualified working full-time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then add condition.
Meg Tovey: Qualified working full-time. And then, so do I apply that one to get to where you are?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can apply just that one, and that will give you like all of them, so you can just like read through them. Yeah. If you want to bulk do it, which, you know, I'd probably recommend doing. If you wanted to just see in the last seven days, then you go system field, subscribed, and you'll see after or before, so you need to add two. So, depending on if you want a specific time. So, if it's the last seven days, you can just do after the 19th, or the 11th, the 19th, and then go, cool, apply that. That will show you all the ones in the last seven days to work through. If you wanted to do, like, you know, maybe you wanted to Give it a little bit more time. So let's say you did the week before that. It was like, cool, that one. And then you just add another one, subscribed before, and then you do it like a week ago.
Meg Tovey: So it be from the 12th and the 19th.
Kyle Musca: And then apply so you can kind of see again through here.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So there's like, in the last, since Thursday, one, two, three, four, five, six.
Kyle Musca: See, for this, like even just opening up this, I have no clue why they've just asked this. Would you be in a place to investigate, start to finally see this result? She says she's a medical admin in a clinic. That sounds like it's a qualified job. I don't know why they would ask this.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you can see like the conversation drop. The conversation either drops off completely there.
Meg Tovey: Or the price.
Kyle Musca: Or the price. Again, you don't want to, you want to avoid that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Good conversation. So, what was that? 15th November. Probably left the follow-up a little bit longer, at they did follow up.
Meg Tovey: They're not going to get on a call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, they probably shouldn't offer a call on a follow-up. Sorry. I was reading a message and forgetting to reply. So, again, why follow-up is necessary.
Meg Tovey: Wait, what was, what did you say?
Kyle Musca: Why follow-up? Like, another trait of mine is reading a message and forgetting to reply. So, it's like, that's exactly why we follow-up. Because I do that. Yeah. So, like, follow-up should be done every couple of hours at the start. Yeah. Not two days. days. days. Um, and then again, I'd say because they offered a call in that, that came up with the pricing injection.
Meg Tovey: Also, this last message that they're sending, I haven't told them to change it because it has worked a couple of times, but it does feel a little bit icky. Like, do you really want to keep feeling like this? Like, it's a bit like, I don't know. I'd be like,  off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's where it's, it's always, I always like to end it on it. seems like, so again, labeling it. Um, it's like, Hey Emma, I haven't heard back from you. So it seems like you're no longer wanting to lose that 10 to 20 kilos. Um, 20 kilos. Um, no stress if, you know, work's picked up and you, or you've been. If you're or anything like that, let me know if it's something you're interested in, you know, still keen on exploring. Otherwise, I can take you off the wait list or something like that. So I always like to end my follow-up on a label just so they have a chance to come and correct me.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay, cool. Also, like, that bottom one doesn't really finish on anything for them to reply to.
Kyle Musca: Which one, sorry?
Meg Tovey: This one? Yeah. I don't, but I don't really know how to make that. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: And then I would basically lead into the call from that. The admin for work, she's already qualified. How about we line up a quick chat just to see, you know, if we can even help you in the first place. And then if so, we can come up with the most affordable option possible. Like, realistically, this trick should have been, you know, pretty high intent. How long it worked was losing 10 kilos in a long time. No. That is also high intent. Yep. Can I ask you what I feel about this challenge? Definitely time. Did she say working full-time? Yeah, she said working full-time. So, yeah, I mean.
Meg Tovey: That voice was me. And that message on Saturday was me. And And And And
Kyle Musca: That was probably just like, was this the setters?
Meg Tovey: They must have missed it, and so I've jumped in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, she just sent her email there, so that was going to be a book call. Yeah. And then she'd never got back to you on this either. She's a qualified lead, too, because she's like a property manager or something like, just a normal. So 15th, and the next day, five, and then 12th, it's not too bad.
Meg Tovey: I think she does 8 to 10, 12 to 2, 4 to 6, or  6 to 8 or something. Thank you. Okay, so... Thank
Kyle Musca: I don't know why she applied to that. That was the 16th, 12 foot 2, 17th, so probably, again, probably just a little bit slow on that.
Meg Tovey: If she's liked it, that's kind of her saying, yep, let's do it. So I would have gone in with, like, what time suit you best.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Well, this is, let's get rid this. Condition. It looks weird, but. Can't work out in 15 hours. I'm working 15 hours first time, which is, yeah. Okay, cool. So I also think, as I mentioned in that message last week, I also think there's like a bit of incongruency with, you know, them seeing you on the front-end ad and then going across the Instagram profile, seeing, you know, your coaches and stuff, and then like seeing you on the sales call. some of the things I don't think matters as much, but I think that could also, because what they're going to be doing in this time is that they're going to come in from the ad and then they're going to go into your profile and like, you know, start exploring you more. And I think if you're not really on that very much, there's going to be like a little bit of confusion around that. I don't think it needs much. Like, I think like what you're doing there right now is good. I've got a check-in thing.
Meg Tovey: I've booked in on filming day.
Kyle Musca: It's just not till now. It's Friday. Yeah, I mean, I don't even know if you need to really go like that.
Meg Tovey: I won't do it if I don't book it in. I just like this kind of content, so I just wanted to. And the guy that I'm doing it with, he is a coach, so he can help me script it and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I was just going to say, like, even as, like, doing some, like, talking to the camera, just direct stuff like you do for your normal page, just around kind of fitness. Because you could, like, bang out, you know, six or seven of them in an hour. And then you just have, like, one each day, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I think, actually, if you have any tips, because I used to do that a lot. And, like, now my marketing brain kind of goes, that stuff's not going to, like, perform well or whatever. Because it's, like, quite, it's either, like, too detailed or it's, like, does it matter if it's not that kind of, like, high engaging content?
Kyle Musca: soon. Now, you're not wanting to – well, you are if you can get it, but it's not really meant to be high engaging. It's more so to just provide value and so they can actually come on and see, like, what you're about. Because, again, if they're actually, like, serious about it, they're going to come onto your page and start, again, to scroll through and, you know, there's, like, not much of you on this page at all. Yeah. Like, I've started doing it as well. Again,  does – compared to my other content, like, I have different types of content that, you know, is designed to go more viral. And then I have, you know, more of this, you know, value-driven content, relationship-building content, where I just talk straight to the camera. This is great to add in, like, you know, I think for you it doesn't even need to be, like, necessarily fitness because your coach is already taking care of that side, like, the nutrition tips and everything.
Meg Tovey: You might come from more of the motivation, mindset, habits sort of stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, think that would help. that would help. A fair bit there as well. Also, just to get more of some social proof through, like do some videos on these. Like one video I really like doing, works really well with these talking to head ones, is like talk about like a topic and then relate that to how we help your client, which is what these are.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I haven't seen them, but I know what you're talking about because we've done them before, but it's not like they're not up.
Kyle Musca: We haven't done one in a while. Yeah, so I think like that would be great for you because then it's like, I'm you've probably got plenty of transformations to go through. Even if you do like one or two a week, if you've got 10 and you do one a week, by the time you get through 10, you just come back to a number one.
Meg Tovey: People have forgotten about, you know what I mean? I started doing that because obviously we're talking about doing it on stories. I started doing that on stories like the more hard promo, like last week's was about like the wrong timing or something. And I used a client journey as an example and like took them through that so I could easily turn that into a reel as well.
Kyle Musca: Even if you just treat them as, like, little mini VSLs, you know what mean? Like, I speak to so many women that, like, you know, have to ask their partner about doing stuff. And really what you're doing is you're, you know, you're putting the responsibility for your life into someone else's hands. I mean, you kind of, like, use it as, like, a little pre-frame objection handle. Yeah. But, yeah, I think if did that, that would help a bit as well so they could actually see who you are.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: But, again, keep it nice and efficient. Like, don't think you should go, like, right out of your way and fully change everything. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Can I also just ask one more thing about the messages if you're still in ManyChat? Yeah. That Kylie MP chick I literally gave up on down a bit. Oh, yeah. I just, like, she's just  not really that available and, like, just was being difficult to book in and then I just got annoyed.
Kyle Musca: Let's fill it up.
Meg Tovey: Like, she's just not helpful. Like, I'm done at 5.30, but then pick my children up. Okay, what time can you  do? And then, like, Wednesday, she only had an hour and a half available, and I wasn't free at that time.
Kyle Musca: Did she say she would have had to say working full-time? She said she has a job interview there.
Meg Tovey: She did say about costs a couple of times, too, but I was just, like, it was just annoying me that she wasn't trying to , I was, like, felt like just sending her the link to book.
Kyle Musca: So, we're going to solve a couple of times a week, and, like, already doing PT as well.
Meg Tovey: So, it was a couple of reasons I wasn't, like, pushing it, but... I don't know if I'm being, like, traumatic.
Kyle Musca: I have a job interview at 10.30, so I'm in at 3, so it sounds like student or something like that, which is, not great, and in the sauna at 5pm.
Meg Tovey: Unless she means a, like, fitness class or something. Oh, yeah. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: What's 5pm, is that, where's she from, Sydney?
Meg Tovey: I think, yeah, either Victoria or Sydney, I can't remember.
Kyle Musca: That's like 4pm, are you busy at 4pm?
Meg Tovey: That was, wait, today?
Kyle Musca: Oh, Queensland. So 5pm.
Meg Tovey: This was Monday, and I had a call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, yeah. I think she said she's usually free. At this stage of protein, you know, is there any day this week? I think you are free for about five.
Meg Tovey: Not today.
Kyle Musca: And then she said something like, sounds like you're really serious about like losing weight. You know, and basically I'd come from the angle of like, prioritize this because we just need to get it done so we can set up and actually start working towards goals.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: That's basically what I said.
Meg Tovey: I just didn't suggest five because then she's like, I'm free between nine and 10.30. And then if she does kid pick up at 5.30, I didn't want her to like, you know, when people are then like, oh, I got to go because I got to put my kids.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Meg Tovey: I'm sending another one being like, what can you do today? But I can't, if you reckon.
Kyle Musca: Just be like, hey, you know, just say, when did you say you can do goals?
Meg Tovey: 3 p.m. or 5 p.m..m..m. p.m. It's just different every day because I'm doing, like, calls and then I'm doing meetings and then I'm doing client stuff.
Kyle Musca: You know what you might want to do is just send her the calendars by booking here. Open up the time.
Meg Tovey: Just pick spot here. I can send, like, a bunch of times free tomorrow. And then if she says a dissonant thing, I'll just say what you said.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, that might be the way you go. Okay, cool. Now, in terms of the onboarding process, because, yeah, you seem to be running into a lot of buyer's remorse. So, what I found there is just, like, again, heavy amounts of communication right after the call and just not allowing them to, like, not relying on them for that process to be going. So, run me through, again, what yours is.
Meg Tovey: Yep. So, we, as soon as I get off the call, I send through two emails. One's got a welcome pack and then it just outlines, like, this is the next step. What's going to be happening, expectations, times. Yeah. For like working hours, like that kind of thing. And then I also send them the link to set up the app and do the concept form. The concept form is very lengthy. So, but like, that's also how we have such like a high  custom service. And then the thing that I was like, cause I was like, oh, I could definitely change the concept form to be done later or something like that. And we can just get them started with something. But then the problem is like, they're not even setting up their app, which is like one button and two, it's , it's trainerized.
Kyle Musca: Like it's, they put their name, age, and height, I think. Can you, okay. So what mine is, for example, is. So what I'm saying. Well, it's up to you. So as soon as, so you're doing the closing, so you can bypass this, but as soon as my closer makes the sale, I'm like straight on the phone with him to give him a five-minute call just to run through the Next Steps. So essentially, you might even want to do that right at the end of the call is, okay, basically from here, what I'll do is, can you create group chats on TrainRise?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that's what we do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So I'm going to create a group chat with my head coach, whoever. Essentially, that's just to make sure that you're really well supported. I'm going to drop in a few things there, just to power, like I'm going to drop in. So why not drop in this accountability form, which is kind of probably like, you know, going to Console form. This is literally basically just my contract disguised as a form. They'll sign on the right at the bottom here is the contract. So power through that. I've gotten my clothes that actually do that on the call with them now. So there's like, they basically can't pull out because they're signed on the contract. So there's that. And then make sure you watch this video. shows very clearly how to, you know, get started. So basically, you know, running through how to set up the app, how to download the app, where they're going to be communicating, et cetera, et cetera. And then here's the members group. Make sure you join this and then introduce yourself. From there, my coach will drop in this message. What's up? Very excited. We're going to call here. So ideally, this onboarding call is happening the next day at the very latest. Like, I'm very on my coaches. Like, you need to get them on calls straight away. Doesn't matter what package they are. Get them on a phone call. Build a relationship. And try and get it done as soon as possible. So there's no time for them to pull out. Now, what I'll do is in Notion, when my closer sets it up, I'll set the timer for the next day. So like once that timer goes off, if they haven't booked an onboarding call, I'm straight back in here. Like, hey, bro, have you had a chance to book in that call, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Right? So just like very, very clear steps and making sure that we're following up if they're not getting it done. In the background, they get sent the, you know, app registration, everything, actually activate the account. We don't need that necessarily to like, obviously we need that to work on their program and stuff. We don't need that to start this onboarding process though. If they haven't booked in a call within the next day, my coach is ringing them up to get them on a call.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. It's like this, it's basically the same as what we're currently doing. The only difference is we're not in WhatsApp, we're in the app. And like, because. We, I send that thing, those two things through. Obviously, the consult form is the thing that they do, but they can still set up their app. And then once they set up their app, I can get, let me just show you what we send.
Kyle Musca: What you might even want to do in this case then is like, because that initial call that I do after the call is very helpful. Because that's kind of like when they're at peak anxiety. So you may even want to set it up with your coaches. They're like, as soon as you sign them up, you send them the, like the client's information stuff. And they give them a call straight away. Like, hey, I just want like, you know, I just heard you, you know, join the team. Really excited to have you on board. Really important we get off to a strong start. I can't do it. I just want to personally welcome your team. You know, here's a link. Let's book in a call tomorrow and I'll run you through the entire system.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And for that, it should be like, like, my call's like five minutes.
Meg Tovey: That's, they're not very long at all. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But essentially, just don't want them sitting in that, like, little period, especially that night. That's why that call is, like, very important. Because you just don't want them sitting after they've just paid and just, like, sitting in nothing. And they're like, oh, , I'm, like, super scared. If they've, like, spoken to someone and, like, you know, it's been a really, you know, good chat so far and they're just super clear on their goals and they've got something to look forward to tomorrow, then it's like, okay, they'll settle down a bit.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Because, yeah, like, the next, the message that the girls send in the group, in the, they make a group chat with me and them. It's, like, basically the same as what you're saying here with, like, we've got a link to a course that I did, like, ages ago and it's got, like, step-by-step, like, of everything, how everything works and stuff like that. But we don't say do the whole course. We say jump on this and watch, just watch the first five videos. And the only two things you need to do is join the Facebook community and do your intro. And then I've just... I've recently changed it where they get their nutrition plan and their training plan, like, straight away as well. They don't have to do anything else. Like, they don't even have to do the course because that was a friction point. So, yeah, I can get them to call straight away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I say, so when they log into TrainerEyes, they already have a plan there.
Meg Tovey: Will they log in and do the consult form at the same time because it's, like, connected? But some people, like, log in, start the consult form, and then don't finish it. And so they've logged in and they've got access, but they don't finish the consult. So my girls wait until they've got the consult to send the first message about the course because we obviously don't want to overwhelm them with things to do. And then they send the thing about the training program and the nutrition plan, whatever it is. And then in that same message as where they say, let's book in your first call, what time? So if they don't do the concept form within 24 hours, that's when they're messaging them, saying like, or I'm messaging them pending. If they haven't logged into the app at all, I message them. But yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would probably simplify that a little bit. So if you can condense the course into one video, basically just saying the most important things that they need to do right now, and then like once you've got them up and active, it's like, okay, now you can work through this course.
Meg Tovey: But I would try and simplify that a little bit because if they open it up and see a bunch, like people don't read  very intently at all. But I did do that. Like they're like minute-long videos. It's like what your loom would be, but broken up into like modules. So it's like clearly, and we say like only watch videos one to five, but it's not even, that's not even the problem for these people because they're not even getting to the course link. So I think if I just. Get the girls to call them straight away and book them in for their onboarding call. But then do I get, because I do need the consult form, like that's got the health waiver and stuff on it. And like it's info we need to be able to create their plan.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would do here is I would look at, can you simplify the consult form just to get the main piece of information? And then like, if they need to do another form after that for extra information, they can. Yeah. Because what I would probably do in that situation is I would get my coach to call them like straight away, basically run them through like, you should have got the account email. Can you log in, run through the consult form with them very, very quickly. And then say like, this is like five, you only need to watch the first five videos of these. Just basically show you how to set up the app and everything like that. And then we'll book an onboarding call. Do you reckon like tomorrow, establish a time. Can you make sure you watch these five videos before we chat tomorrow?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Can do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I found...
Meg Tovey: recently moved the goal setting from the course into the consult form because we were like getting the consult form, then sending the link to the course and saying, set your goals, and that's like ages before they have a plan. Well, it's not, it's like  two days, but it feels like ages. So I moved the goals into the consult form. So that's the part I think people get stuck with is the goal setting part.
Kyle Musca: I would, so mine's, I've got two, like there's two forms they need to fill out. One is when they activate the account, it's all their base style, like their height, their age, the weight, everything I need to actually build the program. And then I've got that accountability form, which is one, the contract, but it's more so, yeah, their goals and their promises and everything like that, that they're going to make to themselves. So it's like, I want them to fill that out ASAP, but it's like, I don't necessarily need that for the account to be activated. So I probably look at your consult form. It's like, what information do we need to get to work? And then. So get the coach to basically explain that, like log in, fill out that information, take you two seconds. And then in this, you know, when you create the group chat, here's a set, like an accountability form or whatever you call it, fill this out.
Meg Tovey: How do you make their plan without their goals?
Kyle Musca: Or is it just the group from the call? So what I would do is like, do you do calls on Zoom?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, Fathom. Like I give them, I mean, sorry, Zoom, but I give the girls the Fathom recording. So like, for example, this chick that just signed up, I just, I delete anything that they don't need. Like I just keep the info that, it sounds like a dog, she cheated on it. But yeah, I keep the info that they need and like what the plan is, because some of our clients don't track. Some of them do like meal plans or like  food photos or whatever. And then this is like their checklist of  that they. Follow. But this all happens in 24 hours, like all of their, this is like their background . It's nothing that the coach has to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so.
Meg Tovey: Sorry, nothing that the client has to do.
Kyle Musca: So what and why, so if you, I'll share my screen. So basically what my closer will do after he makes the sale is like he'll grab those notes and then I've created a chat GPT with him. So basically he feeds those notes into it and, you know, it's already like structured, say, avoid any like billing stuff, just purely on their goals and focuses and everything like that. And then come into, and then like they create a tab in Notion and then it basically like uploads all that. So the coach can, when they get on the onboarding call, it's very, very clear what their goals are, what their struggles are, everything like that. And then when they log into the app, it's just the core stuff of like height, age, weight, obviously goalie trying to cut weight, build muscle, whatever the case may be. Some nutrition stuff, some training stuff that it takes like a minute to do.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, so just basically, long story short, take the goals out and just, I'm already giving them the goals in Asana. It's not as clear, like we do a strength or fitness goal, a body composition goal, and a nutrition goal, because like our whole thing is around like not just focusing on scale weight and la la la, but like with these ads people that have tens of kilos to lose, like it is just  lose weight.
Kyle Musca: Sorry. Okay. Yeah, I would just, like, because the biggest thing is you need to get them into the system and you need their account to be active. And it's like anything that you don't need then and there just to activate it, I would try and like do after they've done that, if that makes sense. Yeah. So it's like in terms of goals, accountability stuff, promises they're going to make to themselves, et cetera, et cetera. I would just do in like, again, in my, you know, first, like this form here.
Meg Tovey: And now you go. Fill it out. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think a big one will be getting your coach to call them like straight away to book it in time the next day with them and explain the key steps they need to do before that call.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Yeah, any questions on that?
Meg Tovey: No, it's so annoying because like for 90  5% of people, they're like, like we've got an anonymous feedback form and about like one of the questions is about the onboarding and there's like dozens of people be like, it was so amazing, so thorough, like la, la, la. And then you get these  that don't want to  do anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't think it's like necessary in terms of the quality of the onboarding. It sounds pretty clear and refined, which is great. I think it's more so, yeah, these smaller percent, these 5% of people are actually having to rely on them to get it done properly. And out. You know, those are the people that are going to have the buyer's remorse. So it's like, let's just take that away from them and just like basically, you know, have so many touch points that they don't really even get a chance to pull out.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You'll still get it. The other thing there as well is like, and I've spoken to my closest about this, is like, if they're not willing to lay a decent enough deposit, that's a huge red flag that they can pull out. Yeah. So like, I've just basically told them, just like, not worth the headache to say if they're not willing to lay $500 down. No, we don't do that. You know, we found that, you know, people that just aren't really willing to invest in themselves, they're usually looking to quit after a week or so. And we, you know, we're obviously focusing on having the right people in the team and making sure that this is a really well-supported community of like-minded people that are committed to change.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Cool. On that note, could you show me how to set it up in Stripe?
Kyle Musca: Because I've only ever done pain. you. Bulls on Stripe. Yes.
Meg Tovey: Because, yeah, I saw it in morning and they were both, but referrals are usually good, touch wood. But they were both, like, their debits won't come out until tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so do you do, like, do you have to create the invoice through Stripe?
Meg Tovey: Like, when I've used Stripe in the past, I've done payment product catalogue and I've, like, created a product and just done it as a – I did actually set one up for the masterclass when no one showed up as, like, a subscription thing. So I don't know if I did it. Maybe I'll just check that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so catalogue is – product catalogue is probably the easiest way just because it's just there. But you can create an invoice. So add new customer. So, John, save. Currency, I like to keep it all in the same currency. So whether you do that in Australia, it's probably easier for your clients in Australia. I went with USD, which I probably would have changed, looks like you're back on it now.
Meg Tovey: Would.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then as long as you've got, like, just so you don't have to do the conversion every time you're talking about pricing. Yeah. Also, I think that might be a transaction change fee, but I'm not sure. Then this is where your, like, item will come into. So you can just add it on the go if you really want to. XYZ. Now, I don't cancel. Price, 100 per unit. Yeah. sorry. I'm sorry. sorry. just can't. Yeah. And then. And the only issue with that is I don't know if that will allow it to be a weekly route. So it doesn't really matter, to be honest, because if you're doing a deposit, then you can't.
Meg Tovey: Let's just say you're collecting a $100 deposit. I want to avoid having to then get their details a second time.
Kyle Musca: You don't need to do that. So as long as you've got that payment method on file, you're fine.
Meg Tovey: Legally go in and change. As long as you've had that verbal conversation and they've signed the contract. Oh, they won't have a contract if I do it this way. Because my contract's baked into my direct debit thing. They sign it as they're checking out.
Kyle Musca: So that's why I have the accountability form. That's basically what you So you might even want to do something like this for your goals, like the goal stuff you need.
Meg Tovey: Just like we did that. We used to have that as a separate thing and then they didn't do it. So I think we just needed to.
Kyle Musca: I make sure with my coaches that when they do the onboarding call, they have to have done this. And, like, if they don't, then they do it with them.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, maybe I can get them to do it on their first call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And then it's nice to hit it in there at the bottom as well. So it's like, cool. Yeah, that's the only thing there. But, again, like, if you've got – that's probably – you'd probably want to add that in there just somewhere as a safety guard.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Cool. I'm pretty sure in Australia, legally, if they agree to it verbally, they're still, like, required to pay for it anyway. But – At the end the day – Oh, sorry, you go. Oh, I was just going to say I've got product.
Kyle Musca: At the end of the day, a contract means nothing. Like, if they dispute it, like, you're probably going to lose it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, service-based businesses, it's really hard to prove anything.
Meg Tovey: I think this is the one I did for – I think this is the one I did for master class. Well, Per month, 333.
Kyle Musca: Are you sharing your screen?
Meg Tovey: Oh, it says I am, but it's not sharing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, and then, like, let's say someone, like, signs up on that, right? Basically, all you would do is go to Customers, Customers, yeah, and then you would click on, you know, let's go Frankie, right? So you've got their payment method on file. So all you need to do there, oh, that's because it's a guest, it's not a customer. Okay. So whatever they signed up to there.
Meg Tovey: looks like a.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so let's go Jess. Oh, She's a guest as well. Why are all yours guests?
Meg Tovey: Because I don't use it. I only use it, like, Jess, for example, was paying out an exit fee.
Kyle Musca: Right.
Meg Tovey: So, yeah, you need to create. Jess an old client.
Kyle Musca: So it's still a guest, though. So it means it hasn't actually created them as a customer. So that's a problem.
Meg Tovey: So how I do it is I go product catalog, create product.
Kyle Musca: There should be somewhere in here that says like.
Meg Tovey: And then billing. And then like that, that's all I do.
Kyle Musca: Scroll, meta-data. Scroll down, please. A more pressing options. Unscroll down. Give me two seconds.
Meg Tovey: You can manually turn that guest payment into a customer profile, go to payment.
Kyle Musca: Strive does in terms of paymentable custom. Yeah, okay. So it reckons create a custom first, right? Custom details all night, actually. So if you're in payment links, turn on. So if you're in Strive, Yep. If you go to settings and then payment link. I'm just trying to work. Up here on the right. You can probably even search it up here. Not payments yet. Go over the payments. Then you go customer information. Is that there?
Meg Tovey: Where?
Kyle Musca: Maybe control F. Then type in control. Oh, command F, sorry. If you're in Mac.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Customer. Then go information. Maybe type it in here, customer information.
Meg Tovey: Also, how do you do this little arrow thing?
Kyle Musca: It's like a little tab on the stripe. You know, like on the little sidebar, you get to pick different things when someone's sharing.
Meg Tovey: Not only on the stripe.
Kyle Musca: stripe. stripe. Not Oh, not Stripe, sorry, Zoom. Okay. Okay. So, wait, again, the easiest method's probably going to be, like, go customers. Go add customer. And just do, like, quick, quickly do, like, test delete and then add a name. Don't need to add, like, just, yeah, individual name, test, and then email. And then, that's fine, just create, oh, she's building detail. Yeah, that's fine, which should be good. Yeah, so it has no guess there. Good. So you go into that. And then go create invoice. And then that's when you would do this, basically create that invoice we did before. Do you have, like, $0 one you could even do?
Meg Tovey: I need to, so I'll have to make some.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, maybe add new, go add new line item. And then go just delete, like type delete, yeah. And then go $0, see if that works. Yep. And then go donate out of catalog. Yeah. And then go, yep. Let's just create that for now.
Meg Tovey: Wait, what?
Kyle Musca: Yep, so go review invoice. Should be $0. Yeah, beautiful. Finalize a pay. Oh, it's because you probably haven't had a tax. I think the invoice customers requires address information. Right, so what that means is go exit here. So if it doesn't let you do it, it's usually because you're you're going to turn tax off. Yeah. So if they ever do that, you either have to add just a zip code, I'm pretty sure. You don't actually have to do a full address, or you just turn it off.
Meg Tovey: Where do you add that?
Kyle Musca: If you clicked out of here, it'd be like out of here, it'd be custom information. And then you just add it there.
Meg Tovey: Oh, God.
Kyle Musca: If you ever get stuck with that, it's easier just to quickly turn tax off. Okay. I'll show you that after. So go review invoice. Yeah. Finalize and send. I wonder how many like emails test.com gets.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So then what you can do from there is you can grab this link and you can send it straight to them. And then, so invoice pay, that might be because it's $0. But essentially that would be the invoice that they can pay.
Meg Tovey: And you just send that link to them. Does that happen? Like the Apple Pay thing?
Kyle Musca: I could do. Otherwise, their information should already be saved because it's on, you know, a web browser. So, like, they should have their card details. Like, if we can do it worse comes to worse. If you go back to that Stripe tab, go click on test here.
Meg Tovey: Oh, automatically marked as paid because you amounted due was $0.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, okay. So there's no payment information. I was hoping to, like, maybe get you to put your payment. But essentially, this is how we want to look. as long as there's payment information there, then, so two things here. If you scroll up, go these three little dots here. Go edit information. And then basically, you'd scroll down and you could put into the billing location. Yeah, you'd basically go Australia. And then you would, all you have to do is. It's a zip code, so just like 4220 or something. I go update customer, and then that would allow you to do that. It wouldn't give you that tax issue. Now, essentially, like, assuming they'd have that payment information on here, they've paid that invoice, this is how an actual customer will look. The other ones didn't look like that because they'll guess. And then all you do is go create a subscription. You would add whatever product you want. So let's say it's, you know, your core package.
Meg Tovey: And then recurring.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, recurring, yeah. AD, weekly, yeah. Add product. Then, as long as you want it charged then and there, go create. Otherwise, if you scroll down here. I usually go, oh, scroll up, sorry. Yeah, just to this part. I usually do free trial. I usually Instead of the starting, because this will only give you as much, like, so if it's weekly, it will only give you seven days. If it's monthly, it will give you a month. If you do free trial, you can just do it whenever. So it's like if you want them to start, you know, this payment in a month time, because they've just paid you a $1,000 deposit, then you just go free trial. Got you. Click on that little calendar. And then you can go and put it wherever you want.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Otherwise, if you want them to charge, like, then and there, you just go create a subscription. If you want to check, you just obviously check over here. Bills immediately. I'm going to do $120. It won't let you do that because there's no payment method on file, but that's pretty much all you do.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Yep. Got it.
Kyle Musca: That sounds complicated. Usually, it's not too difficult at all.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. No, it'll just be a couple of times. I'll just practice it with, like... I don't I'll practice it with people who are... next I'm Then i'm I don't know. I'm not sure what I'll do.
Kyle Musca: I'll watch this video back. So their payment's not going through Trainerize by the sounds of it? No. You might even want to set them up in like a setup as app or something. So when it creates a Trainerize client, it can create a customer in Stripe. That might make it a little bit easier because if you put their email and stuff in, like for instance, for me, all I have is my name and my email and that's enough for it to create.
Meg Tovey: A customer in Stripe. Wait, how do you do that?
Kyle Musca: So this is like my system set this up. But essentially, you'd have to look at how this app actually works. But I assume like as long as you've got like the information to send them the Trainerize link, you should be able to pull that data and just create a customer in Stripe automatically. So by the time you do that, like, cool, you should have just got a registration. have to go. It's your email that come through. Yeah, I'll get you to activate that now. And then, like, last thing, I just need to set up your payment and stuff like that. So here's the invoice.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's like, once you get used to Stripe, it's like, it's kind of like GoHalup. Once you get used to it, it's like pretty easy.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. And then I just need to change the payment. The contract thing as well.
Kyle Musca: In saying that, you can set up, like, what I do in this situation is you can set up. Let me check the Stripe real quick before I say this. If you go to product. Yeah, I'll share my screen. I don't We're going to a look. All Yeah, it's a reoccurring.
Meg Tovey: So if you create a product, you can. Yeah, that's how I normally was doing it. But that doesn't do, it doesn't create them as a customer.
Kyle Musca: It should.
Meg Tovey: Or does it?
Kyle Musca: I don't know. It should do because this is a reoccurring payment. Okay. So if I did, how do I do this without? Now, what I would do here is come in here, and then you should see default.
Meg Tovey: So what I was doing before is... Once I'd made that product, I'd go into Payment Links on the left and create a payment link with that product. Hello. Hello.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so Payment Links. Yeah, so I think they're two different things.
Meg Tovey: No, like that's how you make a payment link to send to someone for that product.
Kyle Musca: All right. Oh, I usually don't have to create it from script like this. So if we did test. That's something. I'm sorry. No, I'm . When you're on the call, do you set them up in Trainerise then and there?
Meg Tovey: Not normally, no.
Kyle Musca: What information do you need for the Trainerise account to be made?
Meg Tovey: Nothing. I send it straight after the call.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I would say the easiest solution for this is, yeah, just creating a zap. So like you can quickly do it on there if it takes no time. And then that automatically creates the customer. So it's like, what? This is, yeah, this is the way I would set it up. So they do that and then they do the consent thing on the call with you. So that's a reason for you to stay on the call. Like I was saying you through this registration. Can you quickly power through that? That will activate the account. Sweet, cool. Well, the only other thing we need to do now is just sort out the invoice. So I'll shoot that through.
Meg Tovey: But you can do that while they're filling that out if that makes sense. Makes sense. Yeah. Yes, it does. Okay, cool. I've got to jump on a call.
Kyle Musca: Yep, that's no stress. If you have any questions about any of that stuff, just let me know. Otherwise, yeah, that'd be the easiest route, I'd say.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, no, that's all good. I just will write it down and get it in my brain.
Kyle Musca: I'll send you a recap of this afterwards anyway. Thank you so much. All good. All right. I'll chat to you soon. Bye. Bye.


>>> 21/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-26T06:42:31Z | id:104433881
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Hey, bro. This meeting is being recorded.
jese Smith-shields: How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, man. Good.
jese Smith-shields: How's things? Good, bro. Ripping into my mother at this time is  dangerous.
Kyle Musca: Oh, it's the end of it. I started like two hours ago.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, good, bro. I'm good.
Kyle Musca: How are you? Yeah, good, man.
jese Smith-shields: Good.
Kyle Musca: Super. Well, we'll rip right in, man. I was reading through your form before, but how has this week gone?
jese Smith-shields: yeah, the end of last week was quite big, obviously, within a lot of the closes, and bringing on Lauren, she's had a lot of tick over early on this week as well.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, the new chick. Is she performing well?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah? Better than Maria?
jese Smith-shields: If I was honest, I was probably going to let Maria go early last week, and then she just closed four out of nowhere that day. So I said, oh, .
Kyle Musca: Okay.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, hang around a little bit longer, but yeah, no, she's on. I'm I believe bringing in Lauren, too, has probably kicked up Maria as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Beautiful. Okay. How, so 24 calls, 30 calls booked, which is crazy, 24 taken, so still a really good show up right there, which is fantastic. Revenue, highest week ever, which is awesome, man.
jese Smith-shields: Congrats on that. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Close rate, still 33%, so that's still definitely be better.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, that's just a skill issue at that point.
jese Smith-shields: I'm assuming, because we've actually had less calls booked in that we usually would at, like, this point in time in the week. So I'm assuming that KPI within that work situation is obviously weeded out a fair few of those ones. So I'm assuming that the close rate should be increasing over the next fortnight with that KPI inputted.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So with that.
jese Smith-shields: Because, yeah, usually on a Monday, Tuesday, that's where we'll book out the majority of our week's calls, but we haven't had too many tick over this week.
Kyle Musca: So with that, I don't know, yeah, your lead costs will go up, but it's, again, these people are higher qualified. So 99% click-through rate on that, and then 98% click-through on the working full-time, so no drop-off at all. The biggest issue is you're losing 40% to underage for just 21, which is fine. They wouldn't have been able to do anything anyway. And then, yeah, only 54% of those people are actually working full-time. So it's like, you know, out of 60 clicks, we're only getting 33 people that are actually qualified to lead.
jese Smith-shields: Which I don't particularly mind.
Kyle Musca: No, like my, I've narrowed in, um... heavily on my, like I've tightened the nozzle on my lead quality, so it's like my cost per lead has gone up, but my like lead to booking is much higher, my close rates are much higher.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, yeah, that's kind of where I'm wanting to go anyway, because some of the people that we've been getting on calls with are just  horrific.
Kyle Musca: And saying, are you doing a mid-ticket, like a low-ticket downsell to the non-qualified people?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I've just got pretty much, I did exactly the same. You sent me over a draft of your one, and I just did like a loom recording of it, and then sent that across for $19 a week.
Kyle Musca: Have you had anyone sign up on that?
jese Smith-shields: No.
Kyle Musca: So check out the conversation quality with the DM setters, because I had this problem, and I kind of like just spent some time reviewing, and they just weren't taking it as seriously. But it's like, those people can be like  little cash cows, just to bring up the, you know, the weekly reoccurring subs that you just do nothing for. So, yeah. I would check in on those conversations and give the setters a little bit of a kick in the  if they need it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So what's Maria's close rate sit down, do you know?
jese Smith-shields: , you ask me this every week, and every week I say I'm going to get back to you on that one, but I always forget. I'm going to write that down. I'll put that together and shoot it across in a message for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. And what is Lauren's close rate so far, do you know?
jese Smith-shields: She's probably three out of five at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Okay. Yeah. Beautiful. Yeah, she was a bit of like...
jese Smith-shields: She's actually, yeah, she's been like really on top of me, like asking a thousand different questions. And then she even wanted me to tidy up some of my spreadsheets on what I was presenting across. I'm kind of liking what she's doing at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's kind of what you want, man. Like you want someone you don't have to micromanage and someone that will... Has the initiative to, like,  do  themselves if something needs to be fixed. You know, obviously, you don't want them to be, like,  you out and start thinking they can tell you what to do. It's like if it's coming from a constructive, like, hey, you know, would we have to do this to make this better? It's like, yeah, absolutely, we can do that. And then let her know, like, if there's anything like that you see, by all means, like, reach out.
jese Smith-shields: Let me know. Happy to improve. Yeah, I understand. I had a phone call with her and we gelled pretty well, pretty quickly. So she seems like she's kind of really wanting to push that sort of position.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. And that can be good for you, 100%.
jese Smith-shields: Three out of five is a really good start. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I never interviewed her, but, like, just from the text follows, man, she's  busy.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, she's been hitting me for about 10 different questions every day at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Beautiful on that one. Definitely get Maria's clothes right. Is there anything that you're specifically struggling with this week, man?
jese Smith-shields: No, this week's been a lot more chill, actually. I've actually had a bit of time to do my own , a bit of admin and stuff, which has been nice.
Kyle Musca: Yep, beautiful. Okay, you've got all your challenge stuff ready?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Can you put that, is that all into a clear G drive and everything?
jese Smith-shields: As in the videos?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like folders and stuff.
jese Smith-shields: As in, what do you mean, have it ready by the videos that were done with Vaughan?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just like having in a G drive folder clear, like, you know, New Year's Challenge video ads, New Year's Challenge graphic ads.
jese Smith-shields: Okay, I'll put them together.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll get all that uploaded and ready. I reckon we'll launch probably December, like straight into December. Yeah. Just a strong, hard marketing push. In the meantime, I would definitely say to get some, you know, more organic graphics done up like we've already done. Yeah. Just to show you what I'm talking about here. I've noticed it leaked. Costs go up a little bit, but obviously, again, they're still really good. I where to expect that. Basically, just something like these, but do it for the challenge.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Essentially, like, New Year's Challenge, yada, yada, yada. What I would also do as well, man, is I would put together maybe, like, three to five different carousels, carousels. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, like, one might be, like, a hard, you know, New Year's Challenge, just launch type , whereas one might be, like, a little bit of a story. Since then, I've helped hundreds of women do the same, and I've just launched my brand new, you know,  New Year's Challenge or something like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: You come at it from different angles. It's really important with the carousels, Yeah. Obviously, they'll go into the feed, so just make sure that they are, they fit within a 4x5 aspect ratio, so an actual feed post, not a vertical story post.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'll probably get something done up by someone else.
Kyle Musca: I'm not that great with that sort of . That's fine. I got lucky if you want him to do it as well. He'll do it for like, I think, $2 per.
jese Smith-shields: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you can send over his details, that'll be good, actually. Yeah, I'll send it down. Lucky, have you, you haven't used Lucky before, have you?
jese Smith-shields: No.
Kyle Musca: He is a  gun of a draft designer. Yeah. Very, very affordable, and my turnaround time is really  good. Like, he'll get that stuff back to you like the same day.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I Yeah, I tried to get a girl to do it up just before, as I'm coaching her, and she's trying to get into these graphic designs, and what she did is horrible.
Kyle Musca: No, he does really good work. He does like all my e-books and everything like that if I need a person. So yeah, just getting prepped for that. So just, again, different angles. You can honestly come in here, like what we're here, just as a bit of reference, man. Come in here, let's have a look. This one, these cost per leads.
jese Smith-shields: Cost per leads, these are really good numbers. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let me have a look at here. This one's gone through by far the best. So I'm looking at E-girls who want to become the strongest, sexiest, most competent version of themselves over the next three months. You could literally just  do that. But over, um, sexiest, most competent version of themselves in 2026 or something like that.
jese Smith-shields: Is that like a Bali sort of challenge?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but like basically just a challenge. Thank you. With these graphics, you want to keep them very, one, organic story-like, but come from different angles. So one might be like the transformation angle, like exactly like this is. One might be the, you know, again, you might have a couple that is just like New Year's Challenge just launched, whatever. Lose 8 to 10 kilos in three months, get a chance to win a free trip to Bali. If you can't, I don't know, damn me. Sort of stuff like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, these do.
Kyle Musca: And then again, pull up these old graphics and just like have a look through what has already been done. And basically, can I just change that to be about a New Year's thing?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, and just see what's working, what's not working.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll just split test, play around with it. Yeah. That'd be beautiful. I don't even know if we come in here. in if we come I know come come I Strong sexting confidence seems to work well for Keanu.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. That's called some funny DMs too, actually.
Kyle Musca: Really?
jese Smith-shields: Why? Oh, the sound of the people that she gets through on her DMs is pretty wild. On checks. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, you always get weird as well. Cool. Yeah. A bit more. Have you been... Yeah. Super. Is there anything specific that you want to cover in this session?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm pretty sweet. I still wasn't able to find what was happening for that GeoGo high-level building.
Kyle Musca: Maybe share your screen, actually.
jese Smith-shields: That'll be better. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so if I go into billing, it should be connected already to my AMX card, so I don't know why that's coming up now, but Angela, my VA, basically said it was due to the text messages that it was sending, but I don't believe we're actually sending over that many text messages at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a text should be like a fraction of a sent. Yeah. Have you been into billing before and seen the AMX is connected?
jese Smith-shields: It's connected because it's coming through online. That's when I'm noticing the payments coming through on my AMX recently, so I'm not too sure it's not connected now.
Kyle Musca: Click on this thing here. here. Like this, yeah. Go switch to agency view. Now go settings. Now go billing.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, go payments. Please check billing page.
jese Smith-shields: Auto recharge for agency. What would that be?
Kyle Musca: Good view. Good view. Thank you. So this might be something you want to contact support about. Yeah. Go back to that tab. Do have invoices? Where are you going? Oh, yeah. Okay, good phone integration.
jese Smith-shields: Where are you looking?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Okay, cool. Go switch, yeah. Go on to the sub-account. It could be from the automations. I doubt you're sending that that many a day.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I wouldn't think so.
Kyle Musca: Go on. Go conversations. Go filter. Actually, no. Yeah, go SMS. And apply. Go. Go. Go. Go. Yeah, click through some of these. So we could get something, don't you can see. So we could In cases, U.S. Canada numbers, it costs about 0.0079 cents per segment. Yeah, yeah. So we don't see you racking up.
jese Smith-shields: It's like 790 texts a day. Yeah, that's a stupid amount of texts.
Kyle Musca: You'd see it here as well. So what I would do, man, is I would contact GHL support. Go back into, sorry, go back, yeah, I would contact, go back into that billing, go switch agency view on billing.
jese Smith-shields: Would you, do you use yours on the subaccount or the agency?
Kyle Musca: Subaccount, just the agency, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: You have to do everything through the subaccount. Okay. That's the idea that you can do this. To be fair. Because I thinking, sure, he still wasn't. Charging me through that. But then, if that was happening, if that's still happening now, that was probably, would that have been him charging me on his own?
Kyle Musca: It depends. So go, yeah, settings and billing. It depends if he's added an invoice to it, because from what I looked at, you can't, if you add a snapshot, you can't add an invoice. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Billing.
Kyle Musca: At the top there. Billing. Payments. Auto-recharge for agency. Please check the billing case. Billing. Billing. Wallet and transactions. questions. Detailed Transactions. Yeah, so like, let's say outbound SMS was $1.075. That was $0.60 outbound SMS. $0 $0 Yeah, I'm not really seeing that racking up.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it doesn't make sense, does it?
Kyle Musca: Oh. This is still the $0.26 to be fair. Let's go down a bit further. Oh. Append SMS, append SMS, append Yeah, so it's like, it would be the app of like, New 5th, you go next, is there a page, yeah, here go to the here, is there a page, no. Yeah, I mean, it could very well be this, this is around the 25th as well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, Fathom.
Kyle Musca: My app, Gondesimus.
jese Smith-shields: I mean, it's not the biggest deal, or I'll contact them, see what they are, just get some clarification on it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: That's probably the best bet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's still like, it's charging every day or every second day, it's still not charging, you know, it's still not spending that much.
jese Smith-shields: That much, no. It's not, I was just making sure that he wasn't still having a snapshot or whatever. Yeah. Because I did notice it on his own those Sundays, it was like $75 a day.
Kyle Musca: Can you see that in here? No, I think. When did you stop that?
jese Smith-shields: In the middle of last week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, maybe, this is like, that would probably be in your own voices a bit more than this.
jese Smith-shields: This is a world. Yeah, could completely go into our own sort of system and everything, so I it would still be here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. That's strange. I would just contact them, just to be sure. Yeah. Still very sneaky. The biggest thing is from him is... One, we just need to make sure you're properly prepped for the launch of the challenge. So as I mentioned, just shoot me through that stuff. And then I reckon all of December, that should be pretty autopilot from that. It's like the marketing world's thing, as long as the closers are doing their things, should be fun. I reckon in December, start like, well, we've got that like bit of time and everything. I reckon we start heavily focusing on, you know, what are other funnels we can start building out. So for this, I think like a seven-day challenge or a month-long challenge or something like that would be great for Keanu, simply because it's pretty like low effort from what she has to do. Stuff like mini courses or webinars and stuff can work well, but I don't know if she's willing to jump on camera and like film that . Yeah, so I think that's, or even like just like, you know, building out some guides and cheat sheets and stuff like that for her.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, like free templates or stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like my free glue booty building workout or something like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Does your graphic designer do that sort of stuff as well?
Kyle Musca: If you give him the content, he will.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: I'll probably just, yeah, over the next coming weeks when we obviously die down a little bit, I'll just get a fuckload of  done with him. Yeah, yeah. It's not necessarily, I don't think you guys will necessarily die down with this challenge. It'll be just more so like your, you will be a bit more automated in terms of like you, you know, unless you're handling the fulfillment side of things, like it shouldn't be like heaps of work required from you. And that's just like, it's a good time for us to, you know,  get on top of things.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, 100%. 100%. I'll probably contact him after this call anyway to see what he's about.
Kyle Musca: The lucky?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So he came from me, and if you can pull that, I think he did like, for presentations, did like $3 per slide or something like that, I think.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, true. That's sweet, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think for my whole e-book, was like $100. I think that was like $200.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. I think I got stunned pretty hard on my last e-book, actually. That's why I didn't do another one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, cool. So, yeah. It would just be about that. then building out some, how are you going to, I guess it would depend on Marina's performance, but are you going to try and keep two clothes on or do you just want one closer?
jese Smith-shields: Well, she's, Lauren's still in Thailand, so her time's a little dependent and a little bit different on Marina's. So having them both in actually works pretty well at the moment because I want to pull away from the sales calls, all in general, because I simply just do not like doing them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, you can only do that if you've got a good closer at the reins. Yeah. That's more impulsory than fantastic. Otherwise, it will f***.
jese Smith-shields: your business.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. We'll keep close on that. That's probably another thing I'd like to start adding in those check-in calls, even if it's your VA, just doing close rates by the closer. So even if you just give your VA, just to say, hey, make sure you add that  in them. Yeah. And then also probably thinking about what you want to cover in these calls, just so we can kind of rip into that stuff. Yeah. And then while we're here as well, man, I'll be in Canada next week. Are you good to do these calls like sort of more in the morning?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, if we just book it in on a set time or whatever, that's sweet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'll try and do them so they're a little bit more together. I haven't really decided on what days I'm going to do. probably be like anywhere from Wednesday to Friday.
jese Smith-shields: Is there a morning that's going to sue you best? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Um, Wednesdays are a pretty good day, but yeah, you just let me know what works best and we'll just work from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I might do all the events in this series.
jese Smith-shields: How long are you going to Canada for?
Kyle Musca: Ah, six weeks. So 2pm over there is like 8am here.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, um, is there a preference of when you'd want to do in the morning?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, I'm sweet. Probably like that. 8am to about 10pm is pretty sweet, but for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. I'll just give you that spot there. 8am to 9am. Beautiful. Send that. Um, yeah, beautiful. Cool. That's all sorted. Um, otherwise, for now, it's pretty, like ahead of the game, man, which is good.
jese Smith-shields: We don't be  freaking out about anything last minute.
Kyle Musca: Uh, so all I really need from you, man, is just shoot me through the, all the video. It goes in a file that I can just upload quickly and easily, just like so there's no confusion. And then in the meantime, like this next week, man, all I need from you is just create some graphics for the challenge. Lucky can also do some like actual professional style graphics if she wants. So we may even like split test the difference between those. What I mean by that is let me pull up, I'll pull up Cal's ads just so you can have like a little bit of reference what they look like. He did them for Cal as well. So, yeah, basically just something like that. So he did them for it.
jese Smith-shields: Do you find that they work?
Kyle Musca: Oh, they might. Yeah, I know. know. know. I I don't know until we try.
jese Smith-shields: I feel like the only problem with them is because you see so many, like, ad formats that look like them.
Kyle Musca: It's, like, very skippable. Yeah, no, absolutely. So they might just skip them, and if that's it, just turn them off.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, it was like that. Something like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. I'll get some stuff done up with him. It'll be pretty cool to use him as well, just for our general graphics as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you do ongoing work with him as well, he'd be, like, real  good to him. Yeah. And then I would do two to three carousels about the challenge.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Easy.
Kyle Musca: The only other thing is, yeah, the only metric you need to focus on as well is if you can bring it in and close right right up. Let's go. If Lauren pulls through there, fantastic. Otherwise, probably trying to get them in for some kind of sales training or something.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was looking at doing that as well. So if they do sort of perform over the next coming weeks, I'll just get them in with Tommy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Tommy will do it with a group as well. He does pre-skill with a group.
jese Smith-shields: With those meetings, it's obviously just going over the call recordings, or is it just like sort of cues and tips and ?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A bit of both, whatever training, whatever Tommy deems is the most important thing. Yeah. He'll like run over the script and like teach them how to dial that in, and then he'll also like run through the actual core recordings with him and give him like live feedback.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. No, fair, fair, fair.
Kyle Musca: So that can be quite helpful. Beautiful. Has much happened with the Kiana side of things?
jese Smith-shields: Has she calmed down there? Yeah, she has chilled out a little bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Beautiful. Have you launched anything internally with the challenge and stuff yet?
jese Smith-shields: We have within our intern clients, and then my closers have been using it as a sales tactic as well. So if they pay upfront now, they get the next till the challenge starts for free.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: So then we're going to get a few tick over just with paid in fulls for that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, cool. Okay. Did you ever reach up to your expired clients? You didn't do anything for Black Friday or Friday?
jese Smith-shields: No, no.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's good. You might want to do it for the challenge and get a special offer for returning clients to rejoin. Yeah, did that for my Black Friday thing. I think I got like 10 calls or something booked this week just from that.
jese Smith-shields: Sure. To push it into the New Year's challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you haven't done anything for Black Friday, I would do like a special offer just for returning clients.
jese Smith-shields: you. We'll Something like that. Yeah, okay. What sort of offer would you do on that?
Kyle Musca: So, what you might, did I send you the expired clients? Yeah. Stuff? Yeah. So probably something pretty similar along those lines, to be honest. You could even just do a free program upgrade, to be fair, because that's something like $5, actually, you have to pay the coach. That's probably a good one. If you join in, yeah, if you join, I would put a deadline, if you join before, you know, December 10th, December 15th, or something like that, you'll get a free, not only will get free access, not only will you get access to the New Year's Challenge, you'll get this entire, the rest of this month free. And then you'll also get a free program upgrade or something like that.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. So, yeah. You Yeah, okay. Did you send that out as, like, a bulk text message with, like, a call to action? Or did you try and do that through a conversational sort of standpoint?
Kyle Musca: So I got Klamay into my GoHallup account.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, what you can do here is you need a CSV file. Do you have a CSV file of your expired clients?
jese Smith-shields: I can get one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they need their phone numbers attached. So this is, if they don't have their phone numbers attached, then I would get your VA on to sourcing their phone numbers ASAP and getting all my numbers, like, super important. Essentially, what you do is you come into contacts. Then you just go add contact, not add contact, import contact. Then you go to contacts. So keep it as contacts. That's sweet. Next. Upload. And then I've, where is it? So, for example, expired clients, remember, they're very expired clients, right? So, upload that. Cool. So, create and update contacts. If they're already in there, then it won't duplicate them.
jese Smith-shields: It will just, like, update their contact information.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Then you want to go to map. Next step. Then it will get you to map their information. So, obviously, this first day and last day and all that . So, map it all out. Yeah. Don't import data, six map. Yeah. So, whatever you don't want to import. Next. And then, so, create a smile list. what I would do for me, for example, you just name it, like,  New Year's, whatever, right? New Year's, expired clients, New Year's offer. Expired clients as of November 20, 25, New Year's offer.
jese Smith-shields: Whatever you want to call it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Don't need a workflow. Add tags to an imported context. So what you would do here is just add a tag. So for me, for example, I did bulk SMS, expired clients, Black Friday.
jese Smith-shields: No.
Kyle Musca: Sorry. No, that was once I actually sent it. I would just do expired clients as of November 2025.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you do start bulk import, right? Once that happens, you get your contacts. You should see smart list here, right?
jese Smith-shields: So this is my, all my expired clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. She already knows what to do because she does it with me. But essentially you do page size 100. You just tick also 100 contexts. I've done that. What I would do first here, sorry, to create a smart list, I don't know, it should come up already when you do that. If not, what you do there is they will all be tagged from that. So what you need to do is just go filters, tag, expired clients, right? Apply. I'm not going to do that. Oh, I can't do it, I guess. And then you can save it as a smile list. Yeah. Now, what I would do here is, so there's two ways to go, there's a few ways to go with this. So, the bulk SMS clock part is easy. That's not hard. do 100. Tag these . And then you can just do send SMS. What you want to do here, though, is like making sure you're not obviously doubling up. So, you can add tag. What I would do here, add tag. right back. And then that's why I have that bulk SMS expired Black Friday, so you know, like, to kind of exclude them when you send the next 100 out, if that makes sense.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep. All right. So you add that tag, and then bulk SMS, and then you send that first message, like, hey, brother. Send it from, Australian friend number. Probably don't need to do that. Klamet can do this part.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: But essentially, I follow, I would follow the same script as that Black Friday offer, and just tweak it for a news challenge.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I can do that. That's the easiest.
Kyle Musca: And then, it'll actually kind of pop off in here. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so this is an expired client. All these are expired clients, so that looks good. Okay. So that actually worked quite well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think you should get a fair few calls just booked in off that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I can do that. That's quite easy. With the discount or the Black Friday sale, oh, no, you said that before. That's easy. I've got you.
Kyle Musca: Obviously, play around when they come up your own offer that you're comfortable with. I think a free program upgrade is a pretty good one because it's only a couple of extra bucks you have to pay your client, coach. And they get better support, and I feel like they've gotten a lot more. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: What was that, sir?
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of that?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm sweet.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah, as I said, man, good news is... We've done all the work now, so it's like, it's just about marketing it, as long as it closes the closing stuff, it shouldn't be crazy, like effort for you for the remainder of the year. And it'll just be making sure we're, you know, prepped and ready to go into the new year with a new strong offer. Yeah, I understand. What we will get, probably, what Keanu has to do as well, because it's her challenge, is over December, she could even start now, but again, just starting to film that, like final day stuff.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One final day stuff, and then we'd also need something for the new year as well. So it's like, because there'll be a two-week gap where we can go hard on marketing again to try and get more people through the door.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that would be, yeah. Does that make sense?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, right. Do you need any clarification, any?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm pretty sweet at night.
Kyle Musca: I'm pretty good. Right. So, man. Yeah. Kind of weird when we don't have heaps to stop talking.
jese Smith-shields: No, a lot of it's pretty self-explanatory and then just fine-tuning a lot of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Again, like you shouldn't be constantly chasing your tail. Like, again, it's similar with a fitness program. Like, if things are, you don't need to constantly change , then it means that things are working. So, yeah, I understand.
jese Smith-shields: Easy as well, safe travels anyway.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, man. I'll still be working the whole time. Obviously, time zones will be a little bit different, but if you need me for anything, just sing out.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, 100%. So, EZ, appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: Cheers, man. I'll chat to you soon. EZ, bro. Yep, bye.


>>> 22/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-27T04:45:44Z | id:104720287
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Sage Damsma: Oh, it's good.
Kyle Musca: Not too much, man.
Sage Damsma: How are you? Yeah, pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Cool, right? How's the day been?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it's been busy. We  started with a flat tire, so that was great.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no, not ideal.
Sage Damsma: Call the shop and they were like, oh, we don't have stock. How long? I don't know how long. Cool, bro, I just want to drive my  car.
Kyle Musca: That's  funny. That is what it is. Yeah, okay. How has things been besides from that?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it's been a pretty solid week, bro. I think I was on 100% close rate until today, but I've only not closed one call myself so far this week. Which he still could close. He's a referral, which is really weird. He's just got a bit weird with the timing of the year and . I'm trying to give him the Black Friday and all this , but he's just a bit of a weird person, to be honest, to start with.
Kyle Musca: You know what's a good idea with referrals, man? It's like, make it known to them that whoever referred them gets like $250 or whatever.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did you do that?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, It's his little brother. He's , I've got him so shredded. And then his older brother wants to sign up. And I don't know if it's an ego thing, because I'm a lot younger than him or something. But his little brother just texted me said he would chat to him. Yeah, okay. him on board. But yeah, I said, Hutto will get $200.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, cool.
Sage Damsma: It might not work as well as brothers. Yeah, he's like, no,  that guy.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Okay, so how many calls have been booked over all this week?
Sage Damsma: Oh, yeah. Sorry, I didn't get there. I literally just got off that call straight up to this. This week, what was the date on which one year? I have had.
Kyle Musca: Have you got your VA doing your CEO dashboard?
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Are you looking at that now?
Sage Damsma: I'm looking at my closing sheet. I honestly, I need to start checking on a bit more.
Kyle Musca: I would set it, like, if she updates it every Monday, she probably should.
Sage Damsma: I would set a reminder to check it every Tuesday. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because that will give us a, like, even if you want to share your screen and just show us, because that will give us a full breakdown. That one's really important to see, like, at what point is there a kink in the funnel.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I will share this one. Is that working?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful.
Sage Damsma: All right, cool.
Kyle Musca: Is this week 47? That's  confusing.
Sage Damsma: All right.
Kyle Musca: All All Thank Oh, yeah, yeah, I see what they've done here. So 24th, it should have been the November one, but they haven't done that one.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, so usually, what's today, Thursday? Usually we do a call on Friday and he breaks down like the previous week, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Booking to lead 7%. Right, okay, so what he's doing is he's going off results, like the, so that's not leads. needs to actually filter in ads manager for leads, because that will be a different percentage altogether.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, okay. I did notice sometimes I'd look at it and I'd just, the math doesn't really seem like it's math then.
Kyle Musca: No, mine is like, when you do off per lead, mine's like 30 to 40%.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because that's why we don't do cosplay results, because they're to be  trash.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, based off the, I did have a couple. Cool re-signs as well, but 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 14 calls, 15. 15 calls not including re-signs.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Do you know how many more organic those ads?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I had two no-shows, one unsuccessful, two re-schedules, so the close rate was pretty good. 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 8 out of 15 were organic. So pretty much 50-50.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. How's Marina going, man?
Sage Damsma: She, I've been taking most of the calls, even when I was in Bali. She did one call yesterday, and she's rescheduled. for today. Apparently, I want to watch the callback, actually, but she said that she wants to put down $1,500 and then monthly after that.
Kyle Musca: For a reschedule?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, she couldn't get her on the call because she had to rush off because she was on her lunch break when she took the call. So she couldn't get the clothes on the call, which is why she rescheduled her, apparently.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. See how that goes.
Sage Damsma: See if she shows up today or not. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Sage Damsma: I've got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine.
Kyle Musca: On the CEO dashboard, is your dude doing the organic side of things as well?
Sage Damsma: Oh, sorry, I had a screen on something else.
Kyle Musca: Is that still sharing or not?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so here we go. See how you got organic?
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, call Hawking's 3-3, close rate 3. Cash collected, 93 bucks.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Total revenue. Some of these numbers look a bit off. don't know. How do you get 3 closes and only have 1,500 as total contract value?
Sage Damsma: That doesn't make sense. If there's 3 and it's only $3.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would, yeah, like you can see the week before, that was like 5 grand and 17 grand. Yeah. Contracting. So this is why I'd make it a priority to check it weekly and just make sure that these numbers are adding up. Yeah. And again, he should be updating it. So it's like from the 17th to 24th, he should be updating on the 24th or essentially the 25th. So you might want to check it on, you know, either the 25th. But to be fair, by the time, either late. Probably 25th is the easiest, just to make sure all data's in there. And then you should have a note just to quickly check it every single week.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. Okay. too easy.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So eight calls booked from the ads, which is solid. I think going into... Let's have a gaze here. was like playing around this this morning.
Sage Damsma: I did notice quite a few, like, decent leads were coming through the last two days from the ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've changed things around a little bit there.
Sage Damsma: And then with the new ad structure there, it's just sort of starting to optimize.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I'll do is I'll create a new one.
Sage Damsma: There was a girl yesterday right before the flight, and she was like, I'm free now. And I was like, oh,  it. And then she'd piffed on 1,500 out front. It's like random. Didn't even know her  email or number or anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, sick, okay. Nice look, Okay, sick, bro. Is there anything that you're specifically dealing with that you're having issues with at the moment?
Sage Damsma: Not really. I'm honestly, while being away, pretty happy with the week. Obviously, it's always a bit of a trend when I'm away. It's not really the best week, just due to myself getting out and about and . Obviously, I did a  fair bit when I was away. I did a lot of work, but not as much as I wanted to do. So I'm pretty happy with we're at 10K for the week already.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Cool, man. Now, this next period, man, shouldn't be crazy amount of work from you in terms of like, we should have already done the work. So it's now just about execution. Obviously, you'll still be doing sales calls and stuff like that. But from a marketing perspective, we should all have all our challenge material. Filmed, and then ready to go. So as soon as Ron's finished that, like send me a clear Google Drive with it. Yeah. And then I'll just get all that uploaded and ready for launch. So basically, I can just like turn it off, on, we're good to go. With that as well, man, like in the meantime, like basically before the weekend, essentially, or like at the end of the weekend, very latest, try and get me some ad graphics just to, you know, pair with it because we'll test the videos, we'll test the ad graphics and we'll just see which one's performing the best and we'll scale those.
Sage Damsma: You know, the challenge.
Kyle Musca: You know, yeah, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So again, with the, you can do them off the scripts, man. Like, don't get me wrong, like come from similar angles. Again, as I mentioned with the Andromeda update, different angles. So, you know, one might be a hard, just challenging announcement. One might be about , you know, just like weight loss specifically. You want to obviously mention the challenge in every single one. At some point, but like, make sure you come from like different angles so it can like test different things.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, for sure. So easy.
Kyle Musca: Send them over to me as well once you do them and I'll just like proofread them and give feedback. On that, make sure you save them so like they're a draft. So it's like we need to edit anything, then you can edit it without having to like recreate the entire thing.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I always thought on canvas, so it's pretty easy to fix up.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, as long as it looks like an organic story, that's fine.
Sage Damsma: So we can get the same fonts and stuff and the same outlines, that's sweet. Yeah, yeah, too easy. The other thing is you can always write the text and just send it to Lucky and I think he does it for like $2 per graphic or something. Yeah, okay, sweet.
Kyle Musca: So again, between 8 to 15 is the sweet spot.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And what you might even want to do, I mean, like you might have like 8, but then like 8 of different wording, but then just like double them, so I have the exact same wording.
Sage Damsma: So again, I'm But just change the image. The image, yeah, yeah, yeah. And see if that makes a difference.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just play around with it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, that's a good idea. Yeah, I'm just going to, I've got some like backend stuff I want to put in place. So we have been doing the calls and stuff. Like once the plan's uploaded, the coach will give the client a call. I'm going to record an updated app walkthrough, which they'll get automatically on sign up. Just because some people, when they sign up, they don't know how use a  app somehow. So I think that'll help them before they're even on there. It's like, cool, I'll watch this. And then I'm going to have an educational video breaking down like the wires and blah, blah, blah, why we do things. And then that'll be the second thing they watch after they get their plans. Just because like we're getting like the same questions over and over again, I'm sick of answering it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So if you notice anything like that, man, easy is just to create a video.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, Loom.
Kyle Musca: Exactly what you're doing, yeah. Yeah. Does your app look aesthetic, by the way?
Sage Damsma: Oh, yeah, it looks pretty good. It's probably, like, what Bray uses, I think.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Sage Damsma: I've got the rival colors and .
Kyle Musca: Because what I did, man, is, I think we've spoken about before, but I've also included a, like, a, when I wrap up the thing, it's like, like, watch this to see how the app, like, looks and everything. It shows the meal plans and, like, all that , just so they can go into the call, like, actually knowing, you know, what's, what it looks like, essentially. It's not just, like, a PDF type thing, it's actual  system and everything.
Sage Damsma: Mm, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have you gotten GoHalaWear?
Sage Damsma: No, I honestly haven't had the chance, but I want to look at that tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, it won't take, like,  anything just to set it up, man. Um, the, the final was probably... Probably the hardest part, but that's not super essential. But like the automations in there are pretty cool compared to what you can do. Like Calendly, can do the same, but it's a little bit better to build it out and go high level. And then like what I've got there as well as like on my day before message, I send a message saying like, make sure you watch this video. And it's like pre-4-1 as well. It basically, it's the same one you do at the end of the script, but it's just like, if you haven't watched this, make sure you watch it before the call. Yeah. All right. The other thing is, so we'll get all those videos and graphics and stuff uploaded for the start of the New Year's challenge. And then what I'll get you to do, man, is film like the final day stuff. So it's like the final day is going to be around the 20th of December.
Sage Damsma: Like we need that pretty much already from the 10th. Yeah. It'll be like three days left, two days left, 24 hours left.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, I don't think that needs to be anything crazy. Like what I'm personally going to do for it is I'm just going to like speak straight to the phone and have it like a little bit more organic looking.
Sage Damsma: bit bit more more more Yeah, yeah. I did film one of those, not like the time limit one, but I thought I'd test one of those challenge ads just like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Just do, you know,  heaps of them. Again, different angles, because we'll do a retarget of basically anyone that's like watched the video to like 25%, 50% or something like that, you know what I mean?
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So just do like heaps of different ones, because then again, 8 to 15 would be ideal, but definitely, you know, getting tangible, you know, 72 hours, 48 hours, last couple of days, last 24 hours,  et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, right? Come from different angles. You know, one is like this last chance to join the challenge is going be $8,000 prizes, X, Y, Z. One is like if you, other angle is like if you, you know, ready to step into 2026 being best version yourself, you know what Like again, come from different angles.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Too easy. With the graphics as well. So double that up with graphics. So yeah. Final days, last 24 hours.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, have it all gone, yeah. I'll hit up EHP too and see if I want to give anything out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, sick.
Sage Damsma: Add it to the prize pool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Cool, man. I'm pretty confident on all that stuff. You're pretty sweet.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, I just got to sit down and do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Pretty well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So, and then in December, like, ideally, what we want, as we spoke about last week, ideally, what we want is in December, we can, like, have that all just running in the background. keep closing calls as usual. And then we start putting up X towards, you know, this launching a seven-day, like, lead magnet, essentially, that we can run at the start of the year.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Good thing is with that, we have, like, here's some marketing material for ads you've already currently done. So, it's, like, ideally, we'd get some more marketing, direct marketing, because we'll run that anyway. But just... Thank you. you. You know, being able to test that without being kind of  stressed that, you know, nothing's coming through the door. Does that make sense?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Okay. So, yeah.
Sage Damsma: I was going say, have you ever tried that, like, Brian Marks system with, like, follower ads and NBAs?
Kyle Musca: Like, follow ads and then DM from that? I don't like the idea of that because you've just taken someone who's cold and followed you and then you've just immediately started messaging them.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I don't like it. mean, the ads are designed to pick up on those people. Like, if you wanted to, you could run, like, literally just a follower ad, like a retarget follower ad or a retarget engagement ad or something like that.
Sage Damsma: I was just curious, that's all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm just not a big fan of the Chase model.
Sage Damsma: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Someone messages me after a full moment instantly just like that. Like, it's just, it's Nick.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And in my mind, man, you don't want to take, like, you know, people that are in the information-gathering phase, one, to try and sell them because, like, they could consume your content for a few weeks before they decide to opt in.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? If you wanted to do that, bro, I reckon, like, we could run, like, a lead magnet, for example, where it gives them something of value, and that way you can start the conversation off the back end of that. If they're interested, you know what mean? Because, like, if someone's, if you message someone and, like, you have to kind of hope they're interested in weight loss versus if you, they follow you and then all of a sudden they see, like,  eat out cheat sheet, you know what mean? Or something relevant to weight loss that they're going to be interested in, they should take action on that if they're interested in that. Yeah. You know what I mean? And then you can start the conversation off the back end.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But I don't think cross our wires too much. I think you'll probably have to get ClickFunnels. ideally, you'd want to go hell up with air because that would be your main CRM. And then I would say get ClickFunnels on top of that as well, just because we'll need something to do the seven-day challenge. And if we do that, then you can basically do like LeapMagnet as well.
Sage Damsma: It's pretty easy.
Kyle Musca: And the reason I think ClickFunnels is it's more user-friendly. You get more like flexibility and variability. But also, it's a lot more affordable. Like, yes, you'll be paying another subscription, but it's a lot more affordable to get people to  build  out on ClickFunnels than it is go high level.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, righto.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It just looks a lot better.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, too easy. For go high level, like I've just got it up now. Obviously, I'll do the 14 trial and then go from there. But do you, what would you? Recommend just kind of starting on, or do you have someone or something to back it off?
Kyle Musca: Sorry, what did you say then?
Sage Damsma: What do mean? Oh, just to like build out the whole, you know, system.
Kyle Musca: I've got a guy that will build it. Don't get it now, because we're still like well off that.
Sage Damsma: Do you have that? Yeah, yeah. I don't have it. I've just, I've just got it up as a tab, so I don't forget about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So don't worry about getting that now, because we're pretty, you know, far off needing it. Yeah, we might need it like mid-December, maybe it's starting to build it.
Sage Damsma: The other good thing is like the turnaround time is a lot  quicker.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, can get it in there, and like by the end of the week, we'll have it built out. Yeah, yeah. And then when you do go to buy it, like it will ask you for upsell for like, I think it's like a $49 template thing. I'll definitely get that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because like, you can tell the guy like just, here's the template, like get added into your funnels. And here's the template, I just need you to rebrand it.
Sage Damsma: And he did mine for like $10. Oh, yeah, right on.
Kyle Musca: So we'll discuss a lot when we get there. Yeah. And then we'll have to set up automations because I'll have to build all that stuff out for myself as well, which makes it good. Lucas, it'll be the same thing for you. Yeah. The only thing there, man, is we'll have to, like, properly map it out and stuff like that, whether you get an actual setter or we just try and condition, like, pre-qualify it a lot harder.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And use conditional logic, but we'll cross that bridge when we get there. The main focus now is just making sure we execute really well on this challenge.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: I'm going to say that we can't remember where it was. No, I'll come back to you. No, No, I'll come Oh, yeah. The other thing, bro, especially with this New Year's challenge, I would really like  double down on this. I'm sure you probably have people you can do it with. But anytime, one, if someone's like a really  big fan of Rival, like they just love the coaching, they love, you know, you and the team and everything like that, get them to do this. Otherwise, I've been doing it for anyone who says that they need to like pause or they're going through financial hardship or they want to cancel. And basically, and usually cancel because of financial hardship or something like that. But bringing out that affiliate program, did I tell you about that last week?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And like, man, so far, we've got like , I think, seven guys on it or something like that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, if we launch a New Year's challenge and you get like, you know, 10 people, doggone, like Rival has been the best thing and actually changed, like absolutely changed my life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Then it's like, that's pretty, you know. You know, powerful. And I would just build that with time, man. Like, imagine if you had, like, , you know, 20 or 30 people on that. And there's different ways to go. If they're, like, a huge fan, I just, like, and they love the coaching and everything, I just ask them as a favor, and they're usually pretty sweet for it. So if they're going through financial hardship stuff, and I'll be like, man, I can give you, I've literally just brought out this affiliate program. I'm only allowing 10 people on it. And so far, seven people have filled it up. But essentially, like, if you jumped on that and just help me out with, like, a little bit of marketing stuff here and there, I'd be able to bring your rate right down and make it a little bit more, like, affordable for you. Yeah. And usually, I'll do that, like, pretty, pretty solid. Like, obviously, I want as much out of them as possible. But if it gets down to, like, you know, 60 bucks or 70 bucks a week, like, I would do that. Just so I can, one, make a little bit of a profit on it, I guess. But, like, mainly just keep them on board for the coaches and get the affiliate side of things out of them. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Otherwise, I just say, like, I'll keep your membership active and everything, like, just to get access to everything, and I'll do it essentially, like, $20 or for free, depending on their circumstances. If it's, like, a pause or something, like, for a couple of weeks, but, oh, man, I'll keep everything active for you, just get on the affiliate program for me.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, that's  good. I mean, have some people in the team that would probably do it without a reduced rate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, if you don't have to offer a reduced rate, then don't  do it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then one thing I've been really doubling down on is just referrals, and that's been going, I know you're really good at referrals, but that's been going, like, really well for me recently, and getting through the team. I think just building that culture in the team that, you know, it's just what guys do, they just refer guys.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, referrals have been good lately, so. I'll keep that pumping for sure.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. then, do you have an application form at all?
Sage Damsma: I've got type form.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So when you do this, and you've got Zapier and stuff?
Sage Damsma: No, I don't have Zapier. Okay. I tried it, but it was  doing my head in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I wouldn't set up Zaps yourself.
Sage Damsma: I'd definitely get someone to do that.
Kyle Musca: But what I did this morning, I got the guy that can do it as well, is basically, so when someone feels in my job form, they create, like, oh, I'll show you what I'm setting up. Because especially with Setters and stuff, it's not so bad when you're doing all these calls yourself, but, like, I've got a closer on, for example. I'm in opportunities. I love it. Currently setting up is, yeah, so when someone like fills out my job forms, they automatically comes in here. So it creates the contact and everything like that in GoHala straight away, which you want anyway. And then they automatically go into this bucket. Then my closers can like reach out to these guys, obviously, like just there and then, super easy. Especially if someone like Tommy, who's not in the country, right, they will call because they'll call through GoHala, they'll call from an Australian number. So if they, on my forms, when they have, as I mentioned, it's got like a self-booking thing if they're qualified now.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right, so as soon as, I'll have to look into that as well, make sure the condition's proper. But as soon as they, if they were to self-book, it will automatically go into these self-booking calls. Yeah. Which just like makes it nice and clear, so like Tommy can come in here and be like, okay.
Sage Damsma: I need to reach out to all these guys.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Again, that's mostly when you get a closer, but I've told him, like, if he self-sets it and then closes it, like, I'll give him 15% because I don't have to pay for marketing, don't have to pay for setters or anything like that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it's a good way to, like, incentivize getting a good closer on board as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Is that all making sense?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, that's good. Yeah, obviously, not ready for it just yet, but when we are, it'll be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, once you get GoHala, it's like, those are just simple things that we can add in part of the actual system, so.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, just save myself some time. Obviously, I'm in the DM still a little bit here and there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Is your set still going well?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. I only give her 20 hours a week at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, okay. Yeah. What else is she?
Sage Damsma: Monday to Friday, 6 till 10 p.m. That's when the peak ads are on, so.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Do you get many messages outside of that?
Sage Damsma: Most of them come through at night, which is why I had it on those times. But throughout the day, I just do it myself because there's just like a couple here and there.
Kyle Musca: As long as you're really on top of it, then that's fine. The biggest thing is you just don't sit in there.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I'd check Instagram like a thousand times a day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it'd good. This would also be like massively impacting leads to the conversion API should improve on that. Do you get many underage girls?
Sage Damsma: Not as of late, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: It's been better.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Because usually it's said over or under 21. Whereas now it has the work thing. But I did have one girl say not working and then the message following it says, don't work with anyone under 21. And she said, I'm 22. I was like, yeah, but you're not working.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Sage Damsma: You might want to change that. Oh, I let that, yeah.
Kyle Musca: No drop-off right there, which is good. That's the main thing. The conversion API, again, will fix that with time. What I might do as well, because Med has just done this new update, as I mentioned, and everything was saying, like, just keep it really nice and broad and, like, let the algorithm. But, like, I've noticed on my stuff that, like, because it's, like, don't do interest targeting. But I've noticed on my stuff that the interest targeting, because I've been, like, playing and split testing them, interest targeting seems to do much better in terms of, like, getting rid of .
Sage Damsma: And brokies. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, we do a big interest target of, like, people that, you know, work decent quality jobs and try and get that as broad as possible.
Sage Damsma: Theoretically, most people coming through that should be working full-time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, gotcha. So I might do that. It's not really worth me changing the current ad campaign around, but I think for the New Year's challenge, I'll do that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. It seems like this one is, like you said, it's optimising a bit more.
Kyle Musca: Well, with more time, it's meant to continue refining, continuing to get better.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which it will, but, again, if we can just help it do that a little bit faster, that's more.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Easy.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, right? Cool, man. Those are the main things I just want to focus on this week, is just making sure we have all our marketing material ready. It's all uploaded and ready to live. Launch by Monday, essentially. And then, you know, you just have to push hard on your stories and everything like that. As usual, you're already good with that. You're already all over the organic. One thing I would do, like, again, putting in your CTAs and stuff, every video you post, I would just do, like, a big , like, you know, 20 spots. I just launched my brand new  XYZ challenge. And then, like, every post after that, continue to squeeze out the urgency, you know?
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Does that make sense?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. Just add it. I know, like, what Matt West was doing. He'd just do his normal , but then he'd throw in his challenge thing as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Torrin asked him, man. He only has 80 clients.
Sage Damsma: That's kind of surprising, eh?
Kyle Musca: It's because he, like, I don't know, he worked with this guy. Because I was trying to talk about it a while ago. And he, like, brought this guy on, very big on, like, challenges, and only, like, letting, like, 10 people in.
Sage Damsma: And I'm like, dude, you're getting, like, millions of views every second. He could have so many clients.
Kyle Musca: Silly.
Sage Damsma: Even like Torren's scaling pretty quick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Torren's doing it all organically as well. That's the beauty of having an intensive following.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, that's it.
Kyle Musca: But that's okay. Yeah. What we can also try on the New Year's as well is we'll get a bit creative with it. We might even do follower ads for your content just to get people, you know, obviously following, engaging that way. then we might just do a retarget thing and just like test out what the, what the, maybe that's what we try. Again, we'll look at this closer to, you know, when we have some more time in December. I reckon we could even be doing like a follower ad. And then like with the ad content that you've got now where it is a direct offer, we do like a retarget to like, you know, uh, We'll talk to Instagram engages, Instagram followers, X, Y, Z, and then just see which one pulls through from that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then like to the larger outside audiences, like whole audiences, we run like a seven-day challenge type thing.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, no, that's cool, dude.
Kyle Musca: That might also be where, oh, wait, Kahunas doesn't have a Zappier integration, does it?
Sage Damsma: Nah, I used to, but I  got rid of it. Like it's a  to integrate.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's stupid.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I tried doing it for like multiple hours on end and I just got the . And then I asked someone else, I went to pay someone to help and they couldn't figure it out. And it's just Kahunas is a bit weird like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Sage Damsma: Jesse had the same problem too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, that's what you can do. It was like, if you could just get that, just create a client, that would be fun. What I do?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's stupid. Oh, well. Cool, man. All right. Yeah, I don't want to, like, try and overwhelm you. I just need the marketing material to make sure we're set up, so I kind of just want to focus on that this week.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, it's too easy, bro. Do all my admin catch-up  I've got to do today, and then tomorrow will just be all that . So, yeah, overall, pretty good month still. We've got a few more days to close out some more calls, but over at 51 at the moment for the month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. That's pretty solid through this period.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I mean, I went to Dubai and then Bali, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I can't complain too much of that.
Sage Damsma: Don't be happy about that.
Kyle Musca: Cool mouth. Cool Cool Yeah. Is there anything else that you want to touch base on now?
Sage Damsma: No, I'm happy, bro. I'm just going to do all this  admin  and then carry on from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool.
Sage Damsma: That's it, bro. It's  everything's still ticking along. So we'll just keep going. Hopefully this challenge can pump. But I definitely think the Black Friday thing got us through what would have been a pretty average month. Yeah. I built a lot of recurring, not a lot of pips and . I had a couple of pips this week, but a lot of it was just stacking, recurring. Like I got a couple of six-month contract values, obviously 3,500, but just paying weekly or four-nightly or monthly. I think like the last two weeks, it's probably been like 16 signups or some .
Kyle Musca: Okay. So that's still solid numbers, Ben.
Sage Damsma: There's a lot of recurring and then a couple of pips on top of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, they're still very solid. Like, I wouldn't get crazy, you know, uneasy about only pulling in 51 this month, if a lot of it was good.
Sage Damsma: No, that's not good enough. No, I'm honestly happy with it with travel and everything going on, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so good.
Sage Damsma: That's good.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. All right, well, yeah, if you have any issues with that stuff, just let me know. Otherwise, as soon as Rodan gets that stuff back, let me know, and I'll get that all uploaded and ready to launch.
Sage Damsma: Beauty, man. I'll chase it up with him today and make sure he's on track with it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. So, man, if there's anything else you want to chat about, let me know. But as I said, like, we've done the work now, so it's really just about making sure we execute through December. Oh, yeah, the other thing, man, is I'm, like, heading to Canada on Monday. Are you good to do these calls in the morning?
Sage Damsma: On, like, Fridays.
Kyle Musca: I want to try and get them on, like, two days. So, Jesse... You've worked in on Wednesday, so would you have to do Thursday morning?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, Wednesday or Thursday. Wednesday is my rest day.
Kyle Musca: If it's booked, I'll just do Thursday. Yeah, okay. So 2pm over there will be 8am here. So Jesse, you've got 8am. If you want to wake up and do 7am, that's fine.
Sage Damsma: Otherwise, you can do 9am. Yeah, yeah. If 9am works, that would be good. If not, I'll do 7.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Are you an early riser?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I usually get up early, but I'll straight for a war.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Cool. We'll aim for... We'll for...
Sage Damsma: I'll do 9. Yeah. If there's anything that comes up, just let me know and we'll change it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, that'll be perfect.
Kyle Musca: 9am to 10am. Yeah, beautiful. That should... the ? the ? That's Thank Oh, that's Friday. That's fine. Seconds.
Sage Damsma: Do you still want me to fill out that check-in form or just wait till next week's?
Kyle Musca: Just wait till next week's. We went through most of that, most of important data there. Just make sure, I would just make sure to have a chat to your VA, one, to make sure that he's doing it off actual leads, not just results.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then make sure that he's updating it by, you know, the day after.
Sage Damsma: So it's the 24th, it should be updated by the 25th. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, man. All right. So that's all sorted. I'll be working the whole way through. Obviously, the time zones will just be a little bit. So, yeah, but if you need me, you can just let me know.
Sage Damsma: Sorry, would you say track leads by results or what was So it's auto set as results, but you need to go into the columns, or he needs to go into the column section and add in like leads and cost per lead, because that's what the API will pull through. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have you done anything with Dwyer? going to move there?
Sage Damsma: No, tried to tell about it, but I think we've had enough, so we're going to do it, and we'll probably aim to move in March. Yeah, they're nice. I'm sick of paying tax, so I'll probably just pay the deposit pretty soon and get the ball rolling on it. If I have to go there for a solo trip, I'll just go and set it up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, make sure you get, I mean, you don't have to be there for that. Long months, the fees just get approved. just need to the biometrics and stuff, which can be like a week. But as I very much learned, make sure you get all like access to your bank accounts and stuff while you're there because it's a pain in the  when you're not.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, the guy was like, before you leave, like you have to come collect your cards and your checkbook and all that .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So that was the thing.
Sage Damsma: I think we're pretty set on doing that, eh? But have you ever had to do like a travel diary for your business? No. I think I asked you this last week, didn't I?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Oh, yeah, because you want to look everything.
Sage Damsma: I don't think. Yeah, yeah. I've had enough of this , so suck this. I think we'll do it. Do you have any further info on like if you plan on coming back to Oz afterwards?
Kyle Musca: I won't. No, I'm going to go to Canada and then I'll probably set up in Thailand. Like time zone difference from here and yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. And then like in future. If you guys want to settle down, where do you reckon you'll go?
Kyle Musca: It depends on what's happening at the time.
Sage Damsma: If Australia doesn't change, it'll probably be cooked.
Kyle Musca: Depends on what's happening at the time, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, fair enough.
Kyle Musca: Just play by ear.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. No, that's the way to go.
Kyle Musca: Good, man.
Sage Damsma: No worries.
Kyle Musca: I'll leave you back to a minute. Do it for the rest of our chat too soon.
Sage Damsma: Yes, sir. Sounds good. Enjoy Canada. Will do. Cheers, bro. Bye-bye. Yeah, bye.


>>> 23/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-27T06:03:46Z | id:104724054
People: Kyle Musca

emily paige: Oh, there we go. Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. How's it, Debbie?
emily paige: It's been really good. just had a call with, like, this girl who's just an absolute Karen. Like, she's, I've never had someone ask for so many changes ever, and I was just like, okay, this is always changing now.
Kyle Musca: Like, we can't be changing so much. But anyways, other than that, it's really good. Yeah, awesome, awesome. Sounds like you're still kicking goals.
emily paige: It's crazy. Like, I don't know what's changed this week. Last week it was slowing down a little bit, and I was like, oh, okay, this is that time of the year. And then all of a sudden this week, Clemage just booked so much in, and it's all girls who have obviously all joined. So, yeah. Yeah, it's been good, but I'm definitely like, okay, I don't think we need to do a challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I think one, a lot of that would be the Black Friday mindset. Like a lot of people are in, you know, just buying mindsets. So I think definitely don't need to do a Black Friday offer. I think running the challenge will be good. So you're saying you want to scrap the challenge altogether?
emily paige: Well, I don't know, like, if I'll, how I'll go with taking on, like, so many more people because I've already got so many girls booked in, but maybe it could be good to do a challenge, I guess, because it, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: What are your thoughts? I think it's because the December period is, like, likely to drop down. So there's two ways you could approach it. One is, like, you could just keep remaining and just, like, focus on the fulfillment side of things. But I think if you're getting, like, a ton of interest and everything like that, then I don't really see why, like, I think you should, like, – um, Use this time to try and fill up a coach because then it's like you don't have to handle the fulfillment side of things and you still profit as much, if not more, than you are now because you can take on more clients.
emily paige: Yeah, no, you're so right.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, it's completely up to you at the end of the day, but like I would kind of shift your attention to like, you know, potentially hiring a coach over this period instead of, yeah, instead of like stopping.
emily paige: Yeah, no, 100%. Okay, so I think that that's what I should even start doing now. But I don't know, like, do you think that I'd pass on current clients to this girl or just anyone new that joins, pass it on?
Kyle Musca: I would, like, so definitely just anyone that's new. And then it depends. Like, if you've got any like really annoying clients, you don't care if they drop off. Or clients that are just like, you know, paying a much reduced rate from before you, you know, increase your rates, then you could try and pass them on. Otherwise, like what I would probably do is just like get a coach on and just like keep doing, you know, taking sales calls as you are and just like fill her up.
emily paige: And then as time, your clients will drop off. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I think that's definitely what I should do. So do you think that I just post now? Because I know that you were saying that this week I should start posting about like something's coming. So I'm thinking to even start doing that, let's say, tonight when all of my current stories expire. And then because that'll then get the most views. And then do you think that once I post that, that I should maybe post a link for people to send in their applications like coaches?
Kyle Musca: I know. So I don't think post anything about the challenge just yet. so. so. I think so. I don't Um, cause even if we wait until next week, essentially, then that you can start like dropping teasers about it there. And then again, I don't think you'll need like that much of a, a push really. Um, so I think just start dropping teasers in there. Um, and then just do like a two week period where you do do like a hard open push on, on your, on your organic socials.
emily paige: Yeah. I think that organically is like the best way to do it. now that I've been sprinkling a lot more of like the client transformations, cause the girls are starting to like get the results. I think that's, what's driving the most. Like people are now coming and messaging me like daily, which is really good. Um, and I think it takes girls a few times seeing something pop up in their story for them to be like, Oh, I'll actually message. So I don't know if we need to really run ads.
Kyle Musca: No, I don't think we need to run ads for it at all. Um, yeah. Social proof. If you can just keep a really strong social proof presence on your. On your socials, then absolutely. That is like the strongest driver of action because it just removes all doubt from people. Like if they're just constantly seeing new sharing, different transformations, they're to be like so bought into the fact that you can get them the result that they're looking for. So like you literally cannot overdo social group. With that, definitely don't need to run ads. I think this next sort of week or so, because like, can you take on any more clients yourself really?
emily paige: Or not really? Well, I mean, I've got more calls booked in, so I'm still going to try to close all of them.
Kyle Musca: So I would almost, I would almost start to potentially even build out a job form or something like that for a wait list. If you can't take on any more clients for fulfillment, because the last thing you want to get to the point is like the girls you're, you know, you do bring on to start getting a service. And then everyone's, you know, everyone's results. you results. And Experts are impacted by that because you don't want to grow too fast, too quickly to the point you can't keep up with fulfillment and then you start getting a bad reputation.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's kind of better to, like, put on the brakes publicly, again, publicly announce this, like, I'm currently full, I've got something. And this goes into your teasers, like, I'm about to launch something huge, can you guess what it is? You know, join, you know, XYZ, join the wait list, whatever the case may be. But do that as well, like, I'm full, if you want to be the first one to be notified when spots come up, join this wait list. That's a really good one to do because it's, like, low barrier to entry, you know, but no one's committing to anything at that point. They're kind of interested to learn a little bit more. And then that way when you do hire a coach, it's like, you know, if you've got 10, 20, 30 girls that have applied for that, it's like, cool, like, we can get this coach pretty filled pretty quick.
emily paige: Yeah, okay, I think that's exactly what I need to do now. Because realistically, like, I maybe could take on more girls. But I don't want to risk, obviously, not giving them that service.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. It would be better just to, again, publicly state I'm full. I'm not taking on any more clients. But I've got something huge. I've got something huge coming. If you want to be the first to be notified about it, join the waitlist here.
emily paige: Yeah, okay. That's, I think, even better than posting, like, the teaser on its own. So even when my stories expire now, because it always gets more views when you, like, post a fresh story, I'll get that organized, like, even after our call now to get it posted tonight. And then that should get heaps of inquiries.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, beautiful. And then in the next sort of week or so, I would just go ham on hiring a coach. So do you know anyone around you that would fit the bill for that?
emily paige: Like, I've got a few girls in mind that I could reach. out to and that I will reach out to now, but it's hard to know who's actually got the personality and who's actually going to be invested, you know what mean? So I think that because the personality side of things is big, especially within the girls, because I've got a lot of energy with them and they really like that. I think that's what really draws them in too, because they feel connected with me. So I need someone who's on that similar wavelength.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, absolutely. The big thing I've noticed, especially with hiring females, is like there's a fair few of them out there that just don't have a good work ethic. Yeah, that's what I mean, yeah. Yeah, so it's like you've got to make sure that they fit the description, they match the team, they match the vibe and the energy, but they also know their place and they understand that this is a great opportunity, but it does require work.
emily paige: So...
Kyle Musca: Mm. Oh. that's one thing that's probably one of the most important things with hiring a coach is just setting the standard early. Like, I want this to be a great community. I really don't want to have to micromanage you or anything like that. It's a great opportunity for you. You know, you get to work your own hours as long as the check-ins get done on the designated days. You can work from anywhere in the world as long as you're, you know, replying promptly and everything like that. But, you we do hold a really high standard here and that's why we've got the reputation that we do. So, you know, if things do get to the point where, you know, you're not getting things done on time, whatever the case may be, like, you basically just insinuate that you're not going to last, not even insinuate, like, make it very clear. You're just not going to last long here.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. I think what I'll do is I'll message the girls that I'm, like, currently looking at because there is a few that are on the Gold Coast that I know aren't doing too well with their coaching, but they want to do coaching, but they just can't market themselves well. And I'll message them and kind of see and even jump on calls with them and just see. What their personality is like and how they are. And then even say what you said. And then if not, then I'll just post something on my story because I think that should get enough.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So on that as well, the other big thing is they can't have their own coaching business. Yeah. So if they'll do it, they can't have, like, they can bring the clients onto yours and they can keep those clients and you can, yeah, you can pay them, you know, what they were already getting paid for those clients. That's fine. But they can't have, they can't work with their own clients.
emily paige: They can't have their own clients. Yeah. I think the girl that I'm thinking of doesn't seem to have many clients. Yeah. any, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then the order of operations to get a coach, fairly simple. One, again, just reach out to people, you know, if they turn out to be a bit of a dud, chuck, like, a form up in your story. I've got that form. Do you have a drop form?
emily paige: Yeah. I think you sent it to me.
Kyle Musca: Oh, beautiful. I'll send, I'll send it again. So have it. check the form up on the story. If you still don't get anything out of that, that's still my old branding, but that's fine. If you still don't get anything out of that, then we basically just do like a graphic ad. I did this for, I did this for Torrin the other week and he spent like 35 bucks and got like over like 30 applicants. Yeah, remember you saying that. Yeah. So I really like, worst comes to worst, we'll run a quick ad to try and find someone, but I really don't think it'd be that hard to find.
emily paige: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Now, it would just be about.
emily paige: I think the biggest thing is like, cause it's actually what you said, like it's genuine scarcity, but there's not even scarcity anymore. I think I need to tell Clemé, like, let's stop booking calls for a bit and then I'll post that on my. Stories of people like, oh, like I actually want to like sign up or whatever. And then even I can post something that say next week, like spots are filling up for blah, blah, blah, and then post the link again, that'll just get more people on. And then hopefully by that time we get a coach sorted and then what's kind of like the next?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just like constantly market over the next week or two. Yeah. Put multiple things up in your story, keep getting a lot of inquiry about coaching, still not taking on any more clients, join the wait list, be the first one notified, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
emily paige: Okay. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Well, that's easy enough. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think that would work quite well for you. It'd also be interesting to see how many actual applications you get for that. Do you use Jockform?
emily paige: Well, I only use Jockform for one thing, which is.
Kyle Musca: That client agreement that you sent me. Okay. Yeah. So it would be great for your wait list as well. So I would just create a new form. Now, with this, with JotForm, you can do conditional logic. So basically that means if they answer this way, they go this way. If they answer this way, they go that way.
emily paige: Right? Right. Like the low ticket, I can send them onto the app if they don't have the money.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So for me, for example, this is literally mine. Like, I don't have, mine's not very long at all. Reason for that is because like, all I need to, they're not signing up to anything, book a call. So if they say working full-time, I'll show you what happens if they say working part-time. So working part-time. Oh, you can't see my screen?
emily paige: No.
Kyle Musca: Let me stop sharing and then reshare. Can you see this?
emily paige: No, but I think, oh, wait. Oh, there we go.
Kyle Musca: No, can't can't now. No, can't. Yeah. So this is my VIP application form. Very short, very simple. All this stuff doesn't matter. Now, if they say anything like working full-time apprentice or student, next step, it's just like, cheers, currently full, not taking on any more clients. Because you came through the application form, and get a huge number of inquiries. I've put together a program that gives you everything you need. Start seeing results at a fraction of the usual cost. Normally, it's $59 a week, but through this link, you can get access, which is $19. We'll grab your program here. If didn't see what's inside, I made a quick video explaining everything here.
emily paige: That's very good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, if they sign up, they sign up. If they don't, then it doesn't really matter. But if they were to say working full-time, then it basically just takes them straight through to, here's an option, book and a call.
emily paige: Yeah. So you're not having to deal with all of the... Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Or just send them through the link when they DM you or do you post a new story?
Kyle Musca: This is like if I were to post on my story, could do that. Or otherwise, I just have this in my link tree.
emily paige: Yeah, see, that would be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so.
emily paige: And you don't say anything about pricing.
Kyle Musca: No, don't. Yeah, you avoid all pricing at all costs.
emily paige: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what you're doing there is, and then the way you do that is you go edit form. And then you go to settings. And then you go conditions. And then you can see like what I've done here. So you just add condition. If current, so the question is, is equal to not working apprentice student. So if any of those rules are met, then it goes to.
emily paige: to able able be be be The thank you page. Yeah, and then I can just link to join the app.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you can either do redirect to URL or show custom message.
emily paige: I think the custom message is better anyways. And then, like, have the URL in the message, like what you've done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so they can click on it and they should just be able to sign up straight away. I might drop that on here. annoying me? Why is that like that? I don't know why that's up there. That was. Anyway. Now, and then I made another condition. If the current work situation, so you can pick the question, right? Yeah. Is equal to working full-time, redirect to the URL, and then that is my, you know, you might put a calendar link there.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, hopefully the idea is that they book in a call, but if not, like. Like, can still obviously come into the inbox of the job form. Yeah, you can still come into the inbox of the job form and, like, reach out to them. In your case, you wouldn't do that because yours is saying, like, I'm full anyway. But what you might want to do is, like, instead of redirecting into a URL to book and a call, thanks, as soon as a spot, like a thank you page, thanks, as soon as a spot opens up, you'll be the first to know about it. Versus just sending them to a low-ticket one if they're not qualified anyway.
emily paige: Yeah, so it's at least still something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so realistically what you'd be able to do is if you came into, you know, inbox here. I actually haven't done this before, but I wonder if you could filter by. Yes, current work situation. Includes working full-time. So then you could filter by that and just, like, come through. All the actual proper candidates that you'd want to reach out to.
emily paige: Right. And these are people that have actually filled it out?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like Jacob, for example, filled it out, you know, yesterday, working full-time at 32.
emily paige: Oh, okay. These aren't just people that have like just clicked on it.
Kyle Musca: Okay, right. Yeah. So if they fill it out and they don't book a call, like ideally we want them just self-book a call. If you were to eventually do this, ideally we want them just to self-hook a call.
emily paige: But even if they don't, it's cool because we can just check this and we can just reach out to them anyway. Wait, that's so good.
Kyle Musca: How do I do that? So basically what I just showed you there before. So all you would do is...
emily paige: Create a new job form.
Kyle Musca: Create a new job form. Create Yeah, do you want to share your screen maybe? What I can do, actually.
emily paige: Can you send me yours and then I can just like put it in and then change it to my link? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What is that? Yeah. So the biggest, yeah, that's fine. The biggest thing is obviously just make sure to change the conditions, otherwise people will go and put calendars in, Michael.
emily paige: Imagine. No, yeah, I'll change all of that because that's what I did for that client agreement. I just chat GPT, change all of the EMP to Elevate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, perfect. Do you want to set that up now or are you feeling pretty all right with that?
emily paige: Well, yeah, no, that's quite easy. Like that was quite self-explanatory. So all I need to do is get my Calendly link, also the link to the app to get them straight on there. And then, yeah, but I wouldn't even have the Calendly link now, would I?
Kyle Musca: No, So you would do, so you come into setting. And then, again, just to run through this, then conditions, add condition, click on the button. So instead of saying redirect to URL, you would say show custom message, and yours are things like we're currently full at the moment.
emily paige: Yeah, and I'll just chat GPT to come up with something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then change the other ones to basically look like this. And then, see, I've already got show custom message, cheers. Unfortunately, there's no spells available.
emily paige: Yeah. So you just have it. Yeah, I can do that as well and just change it and then link that. Yeah. Okay, well, that's easy enough. Well, that's actually really good. Now I feel a bit like that's actually a really good alternative because I do agree. I don't think it would be a good idea to take on any more at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, in general, it's good. It is great because it's like, I you could, if you post on your story for three weeks straight, I'm full, I'm full, I'm full, and then you post on your story, I'm taking on 10 spots.
emily paige: It'll be like the same how it was when I first started posting about coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and like you don't even need to, and you'd only need, the great thing about that is you'd only need to do that if, I mean, for some reason clients started heavily dropping off because, or like, for example, you want to bring in a coach and you want to like get a big influx of clients for them. Because you should already have a wait list of people.
emily paige: So, on the front end, you're kind of like, always like, I'm full. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, again, you could like push the urgency of the wait list because it's like, so many girls have been asking me how to actually, how they actually get in for coaching. You know, I kept my coaching in a certain, again, you'd have to obviously know how to word this, but I kept my, I kept my coaching in a certain capacity to make sure that every girl gets the best service possible. That's cool. Um, and I've got over 50 women on the waitlist. So it's very rare that you can just, you know, join straight from here. If you want to, you know, know more about coaching or something, join the waitlist. So you basically say like the only way you can actually get access is by joining the waitlist.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. I really liked that idea. That'll be that. I think that'll work really well. And that's perfect as well. Cause I was wondering how I'd go about like actually being able to give another coach clients right off the bat. But with that waitlist, it's like, then we'll have enough girls. I'll just be jumping on all the calls and then actually have people to pass on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I think, um, like when you first get a coach, you don't want to like just overwhelm them with clients. Like if you keep selling at the rate you're selling at now, like that's pretty perfect. You just get them the confidence, build them the confidence, make sure they understand. System, make sure they're doing their job properly and everything like that. And then it's like, as soon as they have it, it's like, cool, let's open the floodgates. Here's, you know, 20, 30 more clients every couple of weeks.
emily paige: Yeah. I think I just got to hire someone, I think, because I haven't hired anyone before. I'm like, oh, are they going to be good? But there's literally no way to find out until I actually do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The first hire is always very, like, iffy. Yeah. Yeah. I've found hiring coaches, as long as you, like, you know, set the standard properly, you make sure you choose the right person that fits the team. It's usually the easiest hire. Like, they should be passionate about fitness. They should be passionate about coaching and helping women. And, again, it's a really great opportunity for them if they can see that. You just don't want them getting, like, too greedy. Like, you know, I don't know if you know much about Jess's situation. You just don't want them getting too greedy like that. And even Brady, like, her first coach she hired, she was a bit greedy. She kept asking for more, but her work ethic just sucked. Like, if they're constantly making excuses as to, like, why they can't do certain things or, like, you know, they don't want to work on weekends or whatever the case may be, you kind of want, you want the girl, like, her current coach is, like, going out overweight, add new things in and do more and stuff like that without being asked.
emily paige: That's the kind of person you want. Yeah, exactly. And that's, there's people out there. I just got to, like, make sure. I think it'll be good if this girl that I'm thinking about, her name's Maddie, and she's based on the Gold Coast, if she's keen to join, I think she'd be someone that's good because I can see that she wants to, like, she's posting on TikTok, Instagram, trying to get clients, but I just don't think that, like, she's really getting much traction at all. But you can tell that she loves it. So it'll be good to talk to her and kind of see and, like, lay everything out, like you said, and see if she's interested, which I think she will be.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then you just got to, do you know the payment structure? Yeah, so typically to start with, so ideally you want to get them for, get them up to about $25 for your lowest ticket option and then like $30 for the calls and everything, right? But that's only after months of experience and like they've actually proven themselves. I would typically start them at like $17.50 for low ticket and then like $22.50 for that sort of core offer, which is like going to be their highest ticket because you wouldn't give them anything else until they're higher per client, right? So per week. Now with that, the idea there is that they've got room to grow. So you say like it's $17.50 just to start through the trial period. But, you know, once you prove yourself, know, make sure you are the right fit for this position. Ideally, I want to keep growing you into this and like increase your pay based off that.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. No. I think that's good. I only really offer like one pricing for everyone.
Kyle Musca: What's that?
emily paige: Is that the five grand one? No, no, I stopped doing that because I was like only working a little bit at the start and then I was like, okay, wait, that's a bit much for what I'm actually offering. So now I just do the $3,500 for six months, but that's just like Loom videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's the great thing about the coach is that can actually increase your service. So it's like $3,500 would now get them calls and everything, whereas then you can bring out a $2,500 on a downsell option.
emily paige: That's the Looms. Oh, the Looms are already the $3,500.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, again, depending on what you want to do, it's good just to have that downsell option there. So it's like Looms, I just do $2,500. Core offer, I do $3,500. And then, again, higher ticket pay. And, again, you can get once the girls, the coach gets, you know, confident and understands everything, then it's like you can't bring that back. And how have you set that up where it's maybe... Checking call with you and like a habits mindset call with them or maybe it's you know a check-in call with them but then they also do like a weekly educational so for example my topic top tip package is a weekly check-in call and then like on the other half of the week they sit down and they do like a full map out of their entire week hour by hour and like do an educational series and everything like that. oh wow yeah so it's like one-to-one educational series and stuff and then I pay my coach like $45 or $50 a week for that but again it's like a five grand package so it's like it's fine.
emily paige: Boy that's really yeah that's definitely something I could incorporate because I'm thinking now like if I'm able to sell $3,500 just for the Loom videos even I could do that five grand for the call check-ins maybe potentially.
Kyle Musca: Yeah or I mean depending again depending on you there's you could always bring in a five grand package again and then there's like it's The standard $3,500 package, but then the $1,500 always goes into like flights and accommodation for a retreat or something.
emily paige: Yeah. Even something like that. But I think I need to actually focus on one thing at a time, which is going to be getting this coach. Yeah, that's down the line. Because I get too excited and then I'm like thinking about so many things. But yeah, definitely getting this coach, getting that job form sorted, and then posting it even like tonight, because ideally, just want to cap it. But even on the page, do you reckon I still get her in my DMs, like even through this sort of time?
Kyle Musca: No. Like there's no point in having her over it.
emily paige: Yeah. No, so I don't think so. So I'll tell her maybe just for now, like a bit of a break and don't book any more calls. What do you think I'd do with these girls that are booked in now? Because I've got some girls on even start next week.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, I'm still taking them and stuff.
emily paige: Um.
Kyle Musca: Maybe charge more. Pardon?
emily paige: Maybe I should try the five grand again with them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could do that. I would just, yeah, still take them and start. And then potentially just like, yeah, I mean, if you go Hammond, you can even try and get a coach on before that.
emily paige: It's like you could just feed them straight there. Could do that. If this girl that I'm going to message, if she's any good, then like might as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, and then I think in the new year, so ideally the December period will, I mean, you might be pretty right, like with your audience and stuff. But like, I think if you did run a new year's, I think if you ran a challenge, like a new year's challenge, that would like pop off.
emily paige: And each, like girls love challenges. It's crazy. Well, over the new year's, I mean, the other option.
Kyle Musca: You could do, oh no, I don't know about this one. I mean, this one would be like very low work, but you could always run like a challenge for like $2.99 or something like that, like an eight-week New Year's challenge, $2.99, and it's just completely passive and they go straight into macro.
emily paige: That could be something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but at the same time, then you kind of like, I don't know if I like that one because like a fair few of those girls may have signed up to high-ticket coaching. And if you bring a coach on, you could just feed them straight to them.
emily paige: And that's sort of like downselling, like straight off the bat, which I don't really need to do necessarily, like right now.
Kyle Musca: There are certain ways you can do it, like where they come through the challenge and you upsell them off the back end of that, but typically that you don't want to do that anywhere over like four weeks because then they lose like interest. I think what we could, I think what we should do for you, and we'll plan this out in new year and stuff. So is, especially if you get a coach like filled out, this would work really well, I reckon, is run like a, you know, like a seven-day, $7 challenge or a 14-day, $14 challenge or something like that, just an ongoing thing. And you sell it as like a dollar a day program. And then we have to do some like conditional logic again so that we can like filter good qualified leads. But essentially, that way you get people to like make a payment, make a commitment to you, and they actually get into the app, which would be macro, and they get to play around with it. And then you upsell them on the back end of that. So if we can conditional logic, so it's like, again, the same thing I showed you with the job form, all these people are qualified. Let's get them on a call, try and sell them. Otherwise, for the low ticket one, they're already paying, they're already played around with the app. They probably want to keep going. Hey, you can continue on for, again, even if you did a dollar a day, you what mean? If you get a hundred girls on that, it's a hundred dollars a day, completely passive.
emily paige: Yeah. Wait, that's actually really interesting. would have never thought of that.
Kyle Musca: one. it. right. And, yeah, so I think that could be a good play as well.
emily paige: When do you think I would do that if I were to do it?
Kyle Musca: I think you have a good opportunity to get a coach on, fill them up to a decent capacity, like do the direct marketing because that's clearly working well. Like if you can get like five to ten clients a week, they'll be full within like a month or two.
emily paige: Yeah, and that's probably, especially with now having a wait list, that'll be really easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you get back to capacity and then I think would drop something like that.
emily paige: Okay, yeah. No, I really like that idea. What I'm going to do now is I'm going to message that girl. I'll see if she's keen because she was someone that I was looking at for a while and I just haven't messaged her because I wasn't sure how to even give them a client because I don't want to give any of the girls that are already on with me because I can tell that they're all actually good. Like I'm quite happy. Happy with the group of girls that I have at the moment. They're all getting results, which makes it actually enjoyable. And then post that tonight. you reckon I should post that tonight with a, like, capped off?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would, yeah. I would, because then you'll go ask this coach, this girl to see, like, hey, about to hire a coach, you know, I thought of you, I thought you'd be a great fit, see if it's interested for you. So, like, have that conversation in the meantime. So, post that now. And then, like, over the weekend, if nothing's happened from there, then maybe post that looking for a coach form.
emily paige: That makes sense anyways, if I do post that, because.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Again, I'm sure you have a huge following. I'm you'd probably get, like, a few applicants just from that alone.
emily paige: Yeah. And ideally, I would want someone who's on the Gold Coast that I can actually communicate and connect with, rather than someone through ads I don't really, like, know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, um. Yeah. Yeah, it would just be, it would just depend on like how, what the response is like, you know what mean? If we get a good coach, then yeah, you can like, Brie found her current coach, yeah, so did Jessie actually, and they're both doing really, really well, especially Brie's one, and she's very happy with her, so.
emily paige: Well, that's good then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, ideally, yeah, ideally with a coach, you want exactly like this girl is, like you want them to have either their own coaching business, that they just haven't been able to grow at all by themselves, or maybe they've done something like that, you want them to have some like experience or years of coaching before, or they're working in like a  job that they just hate, and you can give them the opportunity to do something that they love and expose it.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay, well, yeah, I'll ask her, I'll message her and see what she says. Also, I made a group chat with all the girls, and I think that's helped so much for me, because they're constantly messaging in that group chat, so I feel like they're all getting so much more without me having to do
Kyle Musca: Anything? Yeah, definitely. It's also a really great place to drop in, like, up to, like, I've been going hard on getting them to post and tag me, like, in stories and stuff, and, like, even just dropping in, like, referral forms, because they've got, like, a referral form that's pretty similar. Have I spoken to you about the referral form?
emily paige: Yeah, you said something about paying them, like, $100 if they refer someone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so mine's, like, $250. Yours doesn't have to be that high. But, like, I created even a jot form that's just purely for referral, and then I added it literally in macro, I'll quickly, like, very quickly show you, as a, like, a tab that they can very clearly see, and they're constantly there. So, like, the left-hand side here, referral may earn $250,000, and they can just send that easily to a friend.
emily paige: Wait, that's so good. That's so simple.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then that does the same thing. So it's like once they do that, they press next steps, that just goes straight to Unicor.
emily paige: Have you gotten a lot of people do that?
Kyle Musca: I'm stunned. Like, only brought this out, like, a week or two ago.
emily paige: But it's so smart.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. One thing I've noticed as well is, like, you have to ask with deferrals. Keep it very top of mind because, you know, people just, they'll have conversations with their friend. But if it's not top of mind, they won't think of, like, oh, you should chat to them.
emily paige: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, when I created that form, I put it in my community chat. I've having a lot of people, you know, refer a friend or, like, have friends that want to join and ask me how they can join. I just created this special form, like, purely for you guys, essentially.
emily paige: That's such a smart idea. I feel like that'll work so well because, like, the Earn 250, even though you're not really, like, losing much at all from that, but that would definitely... Thank Grab people's attention to be like, oh my gosh, I can make money.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cause if they refer like four frames, it's like a thousand bucks. Uh, and then when you get on those referrals, um, just make sure it's very known that that person knows that they're going to make money from it. So it's like, yeah. Yeah. Like Jess already knows, like, uh, if you were to join, like just to be transparent, Jess does know if you were to join, um, you get, she'll actually get $250 just as a way for me to say thank you. And like, you get that as well. Like if you would ever refer a friend as well.
emily paige: Yes. They feel bad if they don't.
Kyle Musca: I remember you saying that's a really good idea. Yeah. Um, yeah. Beautiful. Um, cool. Uh, any other questions on any of that stuff?
emily paige: No, I'm so happy with that. Yeah. I, that's a really, like everything that we've covered, I'm actually really excited to do. I think it's going be perfect, especially cause I was saying to you, like, don't know if we should do a challenge, but it's good to still do something.
Kyle Musca: And I think this is the best alternative. Yeah. I think the other big thing just on that, what we're speaking about just then I think, you know, be. You Be vocal in their community chat about getting the girls to post on their stories and stuff and tag you. So the way I do it is it's like, you know, when you publicly post a new story, you keep yourself accountable because you know other people are watching you. So you're going to show up and then tag me because I'd love to share my support as well.
emily paige: I'll show my support as well. Yeah, the girls are quite good because they do post. I think girls are just like that. They post a lot anyways and they do want to tag me in it. But like definitely posting about it will get them to do more. So I can even and it makes it fun for them. I think girls love stuff like that, posting on their stories and even like they love when I post their transformations.
Kyle Musca: So I'm noticing they're sending really extra messages being like, oh, my gosh, you changed my life and all this because they want to post it.
emily paige: So it's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but that's what you want. Like you might even want to go and create like an internal challenge. It doesn't even really have to be a prize, just social recognition of like whoever created the best reel or something like that this month of like tagging you. Because it's like every time they post on their stories or even if they create reels and stuff and tag you that. That's an affiliate. They're showing their entire audience that they work with you. And people were like, oh, how are you getting such great results? Who are working with? Oh, I'm working with Emily. Here's the referral link, you know, form, fill this out. And then...
emily paige: So much easier. didn't even, like, they're doing the marketing for me almost.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because if you've got, like, 100 girls and they all have 1,000 followers, that's 100,000 people that you're contacting just through those people. And smaller audience people can have really strong pull. Like, I know Jesse has one girl with, like, 2,000 followers. Go look on his page. She posts heaps of reels for him, like, just for free. And I think since she's been with him, she's referred 40 clients.
emily paige: Oh, my gosh. Yeah, because obviously these people, like, obviously small following, it's all their friends and family and things like that. People actually know them personally and are more likely to join up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. That's such good idea.
emily paige: Oh, okay. So, yeah, that's something that I can get done, like, now as well. Even just send them... message into the chat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And again, if we were to launch a challenge or something, like double down on that, you know, tell your friends, family,  join.
emily paige: Yeah. No, because I've already got like a few girls, like their friends and sisters and stuff like that have joined. It's so easy because I just hop on a call and they're like already knowing how much it costs and stuff like that. So if I actually push in, say that to them, then imagine.
Kyle Musca: Referrals will be your easiest sales. They're even easier than organic. Like if someone that they trust highly says Emily is the best, she's going to help you so much. They're so bored in. They're like,  it. Whatever. I'll pay you money.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. I'm excited. I'm excited to do this now.
Kyle Musca: This is like perfect. Beautiful. Cool.
emily paige: Anything else you want to go over at all? Cool. No, that's everything. Like that's more than I could have even like expected on the call. Cause I actually didn't know what we could even talk about. Cause I was like, I don't know if I can do a challenge, but this is the best alternative. And I'm excited now to just do it.
Kyle Musca: I feel like it's going to be so good. Yeah. Awesome. Very last thing, I leave to Canada next Monday.
emily paige: Are you good to do these calls in the morning at all? It's like 2 p.m. there, it's like 8 a.m. here. Yeah, the morning work's probably better anyways.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm going to do them on Wednesday or Thursday. I've got 8 and 9 already taken on Wednesday.
emily paige: Is there a day that you'd prefer? Yeah. Why don't we do, like, Thursday, we can do Thursday even at, like, 8 a.m.?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
emily paige: Does that work?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let me do this real quick. Yeah, we're already on Thursday, so I can do 8 a.m. Again, that's 2 p.m. there, so it's like if you're a really early riser, just let me know what we can even do before that.
emily paige: Okay, no, I think 8 a.m.
Kyle Musca: is good because the mornings I try to get check-ins done anyways when I've got, like, the most energy, so I think 8 a.m. will be perfect. Yeah, perfect. So I just locked it in Thursday, 8 a.m. Yep, beautiful. Cool. Otherwise. If you have any questions on any of that, or you get stuck on the form or anything, just let me know, and yeah, have a good help.
emily paige: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. I'll let you know if I need any help with that, but I think I should be fine. Yep, no worries. Awesome, we'll enjoy the rest of week. I will chat to you soon. Yeah, talk to you soon. Thank you. See ya, babe. See ya.


>>> 24/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-27T07:28:52Z | id:104729688
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Arran Humphreys: Put all my energy into just trying to scale this  up, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice, man.
Arran Humphreys: That's exciting.
Kyle Musca: Will you have, like, actually more time on your hands?
Arran Humphreys: Are you, like, still working the same amount? Well, I'll say I'll have more time as in I don't have to, like, juggle studying for this because I've been doing that the last, think, month or so. But then January is when I get, like, finished my contract and then that's when I'll be like, I'll go full-time into this. But as in, at the moment now, I'm going to have more time just as in being at it. Not worried about studying and  for exams and that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Cool, man. So we'll rip right in, bro.
Arran Humphreys: Six calls booked this week. That's pretty high. Yeah, it was good. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would say, I mean, what are your thoughts before I say anything? Like, what's your sort of take on that?
Arran Humphreys: I would say probably we pumped, after our last call, pumped a fair bit of social proof out there. Pumped a bit of the Black Friday as well. And a couple of those reels went really well as well, actually. We got that bias reel. I think it's at like 13,000. I got a few, probably three from that reel, which were just brand new people, which kind of gave me confidence because they were, came from that reel, went to my account, must have seen my , and then sent me a DM. So I'm like, okay, you know, people can look at my account and they want to reach out. So that was cool. And then, yeah, I just think, yeah, all of them together  worked out quite well, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. Yeah, the social proof, like, you just want that constantly pumping. One, your followers, like, they'll see it. But, yeah, exactly for that case, man, like, you'll get a new follower, especially if you have, like, a real pop-off, man. That's probably when you, you know, really want to double down on the social proof, on the stories and stuff. Because they will come onto your, you know, your Instagram, and they'll start stalking you, man. They'll start watching your content. They'll look at your stories, man. Like, your whole Instagram feed on your actual profile should serve as just, like, a, I guess, a board to show you are an authority in the space, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And even, like, me just going through my regular Instagram stuff, man, like, I've been seeing, you know, heaps of social proof. Every time you post something, I'm like, , dude, that guy looks sick. Like, so it's like, you know, other people think that as well. So, And yeah, you've got some crazy transformations, man. So if just keep pumping them, bro, you'll go  nuts.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, it's good. I'm quite lucky. I have had some pretty, really good transformations coming through, which is sick. And I've got like a couple lads who are going really well. So if they keep going, it'll be another like big from being quite a big boy. Because my last lad, like when he lost, we did like 35, 40 kilo, when I was just pumping him heaps. And I still try to as a bit, but it's, of course, you can't do it like three times a week because people don't start to notice. It's got heaps of that.
Kyle Musca: At the same time, like if you've got someone cool like that, you can just, you know, keep posting every week because then people start to follow a bit of a story, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, true, true.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, you could do it in that sense for sure.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I do. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, man. Yeah, the social proofs have been looking  awesome. So you had six calls and then close three of What happened on the end of the three?
Arran Humphreys: So two of them, so one of them I couldn't really like pre-qualify him. I was like, oh, like, talk him. Oh, what do you do for work, bro? Like, are you on the tools? He didn't really answer me like what he was doing for work. So I was like, oh, . And then he ended up being just like part-time  removalist or something. So he, I tried to like, I tried to sell him and then I tried to downsell him, but it just seemed like he didn't have the money. So I wasn't really going to waste too much time.
Kyle Musca: Again, at the same time, man,  around with him, you know.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, especially in a situation like that, man, that's a really good idea to be like, cool, man. Like, you know, the program is something you want to do. Yeah, sweet. It's just financial. Yeah. Okay, cool, man. So I guess like, it seems like, And it's just a matter of like, how can we find this money? So, I mean, like, let's just, you wouldn't say money, but like, how can we actually find the funds to, you know, do this, man? So it's like, I guess let's break it down, man. Like, what are you actually spending money on at the moment? You know what mean? How much is it made a week? Where's that money going, you know, in X, Y, Z? Like, actually, logistically break it down with them. But cool, man. So like, you know, if you stop doing  buying a carton of beers on the week and smoking X, Y, Z, I mean, you probably have $95 a week to invest in this, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Well, I actually, one of the calls that I closed, I did actually use that. So he, it was like heaps of friction when I gave him my price. And you could just see, feel him like back right there. And then I was like, oh, bro, like, is it the price? Is it cost? Oh, maybe a little bit, like. And then I kind of like, oh, right, that's fine, bro. Like, that's all good. And then I down-sealed him to like a fortnightly check-in one. I said, you know, that'll be, you know, $1,000 for the three months, which breaks it down to about $80 a week or whatever. Okay. care. was, oh, yeah, that sounds a bit better. And then as I was, like, setting up the link, I was just chatting to him, sort of, like, getting to know him and saying, like, yeah, man, I really enjoy doing this stuff. And then I said, yeah, man, like, most of the time, the boys that come with me, you know, it's a bit of a lifestyle shift, so they end up saving the $150 a week just on not, you know, drinking piss with the boys or getting on the bag every  weekend. And then you could heal him. then I, just before I sent the link, I was like, oh, are sure you don't want to just do the weekly check-in one, bro? Like, it's only $40 a week more. Oh, yeah,  it. Let's do it. And then he ended it. And I was like, , yes, .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's how the upsets work, man, because, like, in contrast, you $80 a week, you don't, you should just want to do this, it's only $40 more, $20 more, something like that. Good stuff there, that's very solid, nice. Beautiful, man. Okay. Okay. And. Yeah, on that, when they get flaky around the job, that's a red flag that they don't have.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I was like, this guy, just give me an answer. But he was just being real short with all his answers. I was like, oh, he's going to be a bit of a pain in the . But I just got on that call because I don't have that stupid amount of calls. Every call, I learn something new, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, absolutely. That's the right take, man. Like even, you know, just get on a call because someone I'm willing to get on a call with. yeah, Okay, six minutes, a solid week, three new clients overall and a 3K week there, which is beautiful. keep that up, that's 150 grand a year. So, happy to say that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, well, that's the last two weeks. Last week was three, this week's three. So, yeah, I'm looking, yeah, it should be another 12K a month. It should be this far.
Kyle Musca: So, that's pretty good. Yeah, very nice, man. Very nice. How many clients are you currently at?
Arran Humphreys: ... ... It says, oh, 51, 51, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Solid, man. So we're that up quite well. And again, you've to remember you're charging a lot higher than what you were when you started.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like that 51, sorry, that extra 11-odd clients total that we've gained, including the drop-offs, obviously, is really probably like 15 to 20 compared to what your previous rate was.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, like I think I lost one client last week, but he was paying 45 bucks a week, which really is not too bad for me because it frees up more time to get a better paying client.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. It happens, man. Have you done much with referrals?
Arran Humphreys: you tried planning? Yeah. Yeah. I have been, I like pretty much, I've been trying to even get on a call with some of the lads or just, you know, having a bit of a chat with them and then throwing in about the referral. And I'm saying like, oh, you know, if you bring your mate on, let me know, I'll give you 150 bucks, you know. So I've been pushing that. I've got one lads come through, through referrals, so that was good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so how are you doing the referrals?
Arran Humphreys: Like, is there a form for them to fill out? there like... Well, just send them my type form link to send to their mates. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful.
Arran Humphreys: And then I just say like, just tell them to mention, yeah, you know.
Kyle Musca: So there's two ways you can do that. Like type form, would do if it's kind of not in conversation, like in terms of, you know, if they can just have a link they can easily access anytime so they can just send to their mate if it does come up in their conversation. If it's your conversation and specifically because it's like you reaching out, man, I would probably be like, as long as they've had a chat. Shout to their mate and they know, then like just like shoot me his number, bro. I'll just give him a call or something or like text him or something.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you like manually book it in because like whenever you do a form or even like sending someone a link to book in a comment, it starts to feel like a little bit salesy and you'll get like you'll experience drop-off rate just because of that. So if you, you know, make it really nice and personal, reach out. Hey, brother, you know, like I'm Aaron Jack's coach. He mentioned, you know, A.B. Keen on getting a little bit of coaching as well. Just sussing if that's still the case, bro. Then he's going to be, you know, it's just a nice normal conversation back and forth and like, cool, bro.
Arran Humphreys: How about we just line up? Cool. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's also easier because then you don't have to rely on them sending the form to their mate for their mate to then fill out because like, you know, your mate might get, your client might get  busy and forget. So it's like you're letting there be a little bit too much gap there. Whereas it's like, hey. Greg, what's his number? I'll message him all if I can take care of it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: But at the same time, like, the form's great to, like, do you have a team chat going?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I set that up as well after that a couple calls ago, which is good.
Kyle Musca: How's that been going?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, it's good, man. Some of the boys just took  on there. But I, like, I've been sending in, I set up, like, different, like, chat things and, like, weekly wins and little challenges. And they all seem to like it. It's good because it makes it a bit of a community so they feel like they're getting something a bit more out of it without having to message me every day and , you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%, man, 100%. And then even, like, when you sign new clients, man, like, what I would do is I would, like, because you'll be chatting to a man, be like, I'll send you, do you have an onboarding message or anything like that?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, not yet. But, like, as in I send to a new client personally, I have, like, a video. Video, like a pre-reported Liam video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would do, man, is I would probably like create, do they sign a contract or anything?
Arran Humphreys: Just through the NUI, like it's a NUI contract.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that doesn't, I mean, that's fine. I wouldn't really add this in there now. You don't want to risk any kind of friction at all. So what I would do is probably that and then a link to join the team chat.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So your video call to explain how to like get into everything and then I would say like, man, join this and like introduce yourself, just say your goals and stuff like that just to break the ice.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Because like otherwise some people will like, you'll be surprised at how many people like read the group chats and stuff like they'd never say anything just because it's like they've got that anxiety around it.
Arran Humphreys: So if can get that first message in or break the ice a bit, they'll feel a bit more comfortable. Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And especially like if they're like a little bit hesitant on, you know, whether or not this was a good idea to join or not. And then they, you know, do it and they're like. And Hey man, I'm John. I'm a chippy from Melbourne. I'm looking to lose 10 kilos. And everyone's like,  welcome, John. You're in the best place possible, everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: They're to be like,  yeah, this is a good decision. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if you notice any clients do that, again, try to add that personalization. Reach out to them and be like, hey bro, just want to say I appreciate you for welcoming John into the chat. It can be pretty daunting for new guys coming in and receiving a message like that, which is, you know, calm his nerves massively.
Arran Humphreys: So I appreciate that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've done that before, man. And like the next time I added a guy, the guy was like,  welcome, man. You're in the best spot.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. No, that's good. Cause I'm always looking for ways to, at the end of the day, improve the service that's help me grow.
Kyle Musca: A lot of it is just like adding like as much personalization and showing genuine appreciation. Yeah. what I mean? Cause like. If you can show appreciation, the biggest form of incentive is literally appreciation. It far outweighs money and stuff like that. So that goes for clients in terms of asking for referrals and stuff. It also goes for employees and stuff. Employees are going to be more incentivized to work harder when they know that there's going to be social recognition involved compared to a monetary incentive, right? So it's like, yeah, anytime someone, you know, even just saying, man, like, you know, you're a G, love having you on the team, bro, make my job better, you know what mean? So I'm like, I feel like, you know, if I'm quick, I'm letting you down a bit. Yeah. Beautiful, man. Have we gone through client roadmap and stuff before, man?
Arran Humphreys: Nah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so remind me about that. We'll come back to that. I had a previously this week. Still made sure it's done. Keep progressing. Beautiful. Cool. Solid week, 3D science. Organic videos, 10. Beautiful. Social proof, lots of it. So that was the other thing. Do you have any Excel templates for tracking data a bit better? Any other systems you think I should have in place? Yeah, so it depends what kind of data you want to track. What data specifically do you have to track?
Arran Humphreys: Well, what do you reckon I should be, man? My main thing is, because I want to go, obviously, full-time with it in January, I just want to make sure, kind of, I've got it set up, like, a solid back-end. I'm not , like, I need, like, everything I sort of need at the moment to be able to keep going, you know? Like, what do you think I should be tracking?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, like, you want to know your metrics and everything like that. Don't get me wrong. But at the same time, I also don't think until you start building out a team and, like, running ads and stuff, like, I think it's a bit unnecessary. Simply because, like, you don't want to add more to your plate if we can kind of just simply look at things and just, like, know what to look like. See it clearly. You know what mean? If you had, you know, like if you're spending like, you know, $1,500 a week on ads, then yeah, you need to know how many leads are coming through, how many calls are getting booked, how many calls are getting closed off that, how many people are showing up, X, Y, Z, absolutely. But when it's like organic and stuff, like I wouldn't, one, it's really  tedious doing that data entry stuff yourself. So it's like, I would, if you're going to do it, then I'd probably get a VA on. Hmm. Um, and the only thing I'd probably say there is necessary for right now is probably just the, like making sure payments and stuff are going through properly.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's, that's probably the only like main area that you can use a VA in. They're like five USD an hour.
Arran Humphreys: They're cheap as . How do you get there? Like through Fiverr and that?
Kyle Musca: Uh, I wouldn't do Fiverr as much. I would probably do something on Upwork would probably be a little bit better. Um, I find that that, that Upwork is kind of better for, for those types of services. Um, or you could also try freelancers.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Because is that where you sort of, like, all your managing and , you just outsource it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So anything that, anything, like most jobs, especially in this, like, kind of businessman, you can just outsource. Like, unless it's, you know, someone that someone's actually going to see, it's like, you could just outsource it to someone in, like, India or Pakistan or whatever the . Um, again, it's like five or seven USD now. Um, so, but again, I, obviously you want to know your numbers and stuff, but like, that's probably more of an accounting thing for now.
Arran Humphreys: Have you got an accountant? I do have an accountant. I'm actually in the, I'm trying to get a new accountant because my accountant's  , man. She actually rang me yesterday because I went to her first when I was making about like a thousand dollars a week. And, um, she, and I told her, I said, like, give me like two months a month and I'll be making like triple this. From this business, because she was telling me, oh, no, I just stay as a sole trader, you know, all this and that. And I said, I kind of want to structure it differently, like, because I was with my income at work as well. And then she was, I told her, I'll be making, I'll double this. And she looked at me like a fuckwit. And then I told her yesterday on the phone, oh, I'm doing about three grand a week now. It's like pretty consecutive. And she's like, oh, but Sage sent me to the dude he uses. So I booked in a meeting with him.
Kyle Musca: Who does he use?
Arran Humphreys: His name.
Kyle Musca: Otherwise, I'll get, I'll send you this guy. This is Richie. Might be one Sage user, I'm not 100%, I'm sure. But Richie does, like, a lot of the coaches I know. I don't work with just because I had my account already. He does, like, a job fine. But Richie works So I have a lot of online coaches and stuff like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, if you send me him, that'd be good, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll just send you through his Instagram there. And he seems to be really good in terms of communication and stuff, like in terms of if you want to jump on a phone and stuff. From what I've seen, he'll more than happily jump on and chat to you about certain things.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, this dude is called Jason McDonald. I don't know if you've ever heard of him. No. But, like, Richie was the one that hooked me up with the UAE people and stuff like that as well.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, really? Yeah. So you set your business up to run out of there, hey? I was transitioning, but, like, yeah. So then you don't pay tax, hey?
Kyle Musca: I still do now, but once I've fully transit, I don't know.
Arran Humphreys: That's  sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, they  you. So he, yeah. But then, at the same time, like, he should be able to do a bit of bookkeeping for you. And like, again, really all you probably want to look at is profit and loss. Like you've got  all overheads. Again, like you're not having like a bunch of, you know, moving paths through the business. So it's just like, I don't think overcomplicated by, you know, people get tracked. Data, don't get me wrong, data is super, super important, but only like when you really need to track if that makes sense. Like I don't think there's necessarily a point to adding a bunch of moving paths if there's just not that much like need.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like main things we can look at is like, cool. Yeah. How many leads are we getting this week? How many calls did we close? Like what was the show up rate? What was the close rate of that?
Arran Humphreys: Like that's pretty much all we need to look at right now. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And we can do that with, just by looking at the check.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like for instance, I mean, let's see if I'm going pull this bad boy. You know, last week you had two calls. You pumped a bunch of social proof. This week you had six. So it's. like, cool, that clearly worked. Let's just keep doubling down on that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that stuff?
Arran Humphreys: No, not really, bro. Not really. And I was going to say to you, like, so New Year's time would probably be, like, the more popular time, obviously, for coaching. Do you think, so, because the way my contract with work will be, I'll finish on the end of January. So if we, it's up to you, bro. Like, if you thought in January, we tried ads for that month, because that's when I'm going to have that expendable income. I'm going to have , I make about $1,500 a week from my Sparky job. So while I still have that for the next month,  pump that into ads, see how I can go, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, we can definitely get a go. So even if we just do it as, like, a little bit of a side thing. At the moment, just to try and generate, you know, some, well, either leads, sales, obviously, or we could even look at just trying to get some followers. I think, yeah, we could go. We could try. Again, you don't necessarily need a massive following or massive engagement or anything like that for your ads to perform. It's more about the personal branding, and that's something I've really seen, like, especially over the last couple of weeks. So, for example, Brie, she doesn't get, like, mad engagement or anything like that on her post at all, but because she has really great branding on her page, people come onto that, they see it, they form that relationship, and it's very congruent from start to finish. Like, they see her on the ad, they see her on the content, they see her on sales calls, and, like, she's  crushed with it. Whereas, like, I've got this other girl where she owns the business, but she's, like, stepped back a lot, and, like, now her Instagram page is, like, her coach is doing some content. Like, it's consistent content, don't get me wrong, but then it's, like, she's on the ads, she's not on the organic content at all, and then she's on the sales call, and it's, like, she's getting good cost per lead. Everything like that. then people aren't booking in on calls. We've fixed stuff to make the lead flow that actually do get on calls better, like quite good. But like from what I'm looking at, it's just like there's a huge gap in the branding because people can, like what that guy did, he would have come onto your page, he would have stalked you a bit, seen what you're about, built that relationship with you, built that trust with you. So when it's like on the call, it's like he's already bought in. Whereas like that part for her is missing.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. have seen your missus stuff. I told my missus to look at her page to get ideas because she wants to start doing her stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it's like, yeah. And it's kind of, it weirdly, like she's got like probably one of, if not the best cosplay leads out of anyone, anyone, anyone.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: And it's just because I think like women just really resonate with her and like get that genuine vibe from her and stuff. So it's like, they're so bored. And they can also probably see it. It's like, this girl isn't like, you know, some, someone who has like  a hundred thousand followers and shakes her .
Arran Humphreys: Camera all the time.
Kyle Musca: That's why I said it. You what mean? It's like an actual coach that you can just very clearly see by looking at her profile.
Arran Humphreys: She is a coach. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's helping too. I'm halfway through doing it. So I'm actually making the covers of my old reels, like with the writing on the top. So then as I'm uploading them to my page, like you told me to do, you can scroll through and it's like how to stop being, how to drop weight, how to not be a fat , how to fix your diet at sight. So people will actually click on these videos. It's not just a photo of my face talking. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's also really good because if your, you know, video gets on the explore page and stuff, people will see that as a thumbnail and that may catch their eye.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. mean, it's either that or what I like doing now, like I do a mix of it depending on the video. Um, but like what I like doing is like having the actual. You know, like that, for example.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: mean, where it's the green screen and you kind of use that as like a, you know, so for this morning, for example, I did it here because it's like, how bad did it hurt? And you can kind of already see what it's about.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. Cool, bro. Now, quickly, I'll run you through the roadmap, right? So, essentially, what I do this for is, so when a new client comes on board, man, like on the first week's check, you're probably not going to have that much to talk about, right? So, instead, what you want to do, I'll send this to you now. Yeah. So, you'd have to rebrand it, obviously, to yourself, make a copy of it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But, you basically say, for every single client, let's say this is your one, you would just come duped. And then you would just do like, you know, James, EMP roadmap, right? Now, basically, you explain to them. And the reason we do this is to already start planting the seed of what the next 12 months is going to look like. So it doesn't matter if they sign up for three months, six months, whatever the case may be. It's like we're planting the seed of what the next 12 months will look like. Because again, what we do is we sell information services, man. So if they feel like they have information, then they don't need us anymore. So it's like, and you'll experience like people will cut a lot away, like, oh, man, like, you've been great, but like, I'm feeling pretty confident myself to go out and do it on my own now. So it's like, okay, well, we need to make them clear, make them understand that there is a next step. And the next step is a different approach to what we just did.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, cool, man. So basically what we're going to do in this first week, we're like, obviously going to get into the cut and everything like that. But it's really just the priming stage. We really want to build that foundation, make sure that everything's perfect for you. And then once we've got that, man, we're going to ramp things up and get more advanced as we go through. So realistically, man, like based, and you would change this obviously based on each client, but realistically, man, based off, you know, you've got 10 kilos to lose, if we aggressively cut and we execute well, man, that should only take about 10 weeks, but I am like, that should only take about 10 weeks, but I'm going to add on, so you can see the actual weeks here, I'm going to add on like two weeks just because you never know what might pop up. You might get sick, you know, you might have a setback, whatever the case may be. So we just got like a little bit of insurance there. Now, from there, that's when we want to hit our milestone by week 13. All right. And then, you know, we're going to go into a reverse diet and reverse diet's really  important because if we just like go straight into the bulk, we're going to completely blow out and just undo all the work we did over the last 13 weeks. reverse diet is like just as, if not more important than the cut. And it's like a little bit tricky to maneuver, right? So, you know, we need to make sure that we do it properly, et cetera, et cetera. So realistically, like we'll probably reverse diet for anywhere between like six to 10, potentially even 12 weeks. Depending on how you're responding and essentially like we're going to drip feed calories back into your body so you can like gain without gaining that unnecessary fatty tissue but gain like a lot of really good quality muscle mass and you'll look  sick doing this like during this period. A lot of guys again can blow up from like just habits you know I mean you think coming out of a cut you can just go back and eat whatever you want don't do that we'll work with that after that man we're going to be into a proper gain because we've done the reverse diet properly it means that we're not again not going to have a heap of fatty tissue on us but when this is going to be like peak you know bulking calories essentially so we're going to really try and maximize that strength growth that muscle growth everything like that and then from there man you know we're going to go back into another aggressive cut etc etc just to like really shape off that because you can see how much of a difference progression wise you've had from you know this point at this point essentially. Yeah I know because now they're already like  man like I already know exactly what I'm doing like and then like every like check-in or every two check-in you know I mean like we're cool man like I like with We're X amount of time. We're at X amount of time. We're at X amount of time. That does two things. One, it allows you to keep planting the seeds. So it's like, yeah, man, we're well on pace at the moment. You know, we've dropped six kilos six weeks. You know, we're well on pace to hit that, you know, even that 10-week milestone, right, et cetera, et cetera. So it helps you to, one, then to continuously think about the next step. It also helps you to remind yourself where the client's at. Because it's like at week three, man, you might want to try and do a little bit of an upsell or even a referral then, you know what I mean? How have been on the program and loving it? Awesome, bro. So, you know, now that you've gotten into the program and everything like that, you know, you've seen what it's about and everything. see, you know, it's actually working, man. I guess who else do you know that would kind of be interesting in some coaching as well, man? Yeah, yeah, yeah, At week eight, cool, man. Depending on if they're on like a repayment type thing or not. Let's say if they're paid in full, man, like week eight, you kind of want to start really putting them. So you didn't like next steps. You're like, man, you know, you're pretty keen to keep pushing into a bulk and everything like that. Yeah, sick, man. Yeah, cool. Sweet, bro. So, and then again, like, you could be like, you know, man, we've got covered three months. So look, what we could do, bro, is if you want to continue going on, you know, instead of paying another, you know, two grand or 1,500 or whatever, you'd actually get the loyalty rate. Or you could just say, like, because I really want to see, you know, you really round off this physique, man. I think you've got heaps of potential in here. I'd really love to see, you know, the end result.
Arran Humphreys: Man, if you want to go in for another three months, instead of, you know, 1,500, I'll do it for just 1,250. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. So they feel like you're sorting them out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then they've still got four weeks to, like, actually sort that out. So it's like, if they do want to do it, then they're not just like, if you do it like week 10, 11, it's like too late.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because then they're like, oh, , I'm not on the financial spot or whatever. It's like, cool.
Arran Humphreys: If you do a week eight, then at least they've given them, you know, a whole month. It's sort of like they should get a four-year-old. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. Thinking about this, man, like when you do this, you can change it to, you know, the current date. So if I did that to, you know, let's say someone sums up , probably always put it on Monday. So let's just say 27th or the other day. that's 20th, . Yeah. And then over in the short-term, man, you'd be like, cool, in the short-term, we're going to go on aggressive calorie deficit, you know, strip the fat off, making sure we keep a high-protein diet, make sure we don't lose any muscle mass, X, Z, whatever you do, whether you put medium term, we're going to go into a reverse diet and then into a full-time proper bulk, focusing on maximizing muscle growth without any fatty tissue, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Long-term, we're going to, you know, go back into another cut and ideally, you know, make the first cut look absolutely  small.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. No, that'd be handy. That would actually be really handy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Cool, so I'll send that through, man. Just re-ground it. All we have to do on that is it's kind of like you would get used to it, but like that, that, and then change the color, change the branding, all that , you'll be sweet.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sorry. Thank you, man.
Kyle Musca: So good. So yeah, that's a nice little addition there. Any questions on any of that?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, that's pretty good. That'll help. Because yeah, like I said, I'm always just trying to help make them seem a little bit like I'm giving them more, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Cool, bro. Now, with these, I reckon like these are good. I reckon you're really good at talking on camera, man, like when you're doing like these.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I get what you meant in those ones.
Kyle Musca: It sounded a bit more scripted than natural. Yeah, yeah. So it's like you'll get used to that all the time.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Thank Yeah, I was like, oh, when you said that and I watched it back, I was like, oh, I know what he means. I've reported more. I've just had that one  ready to go today. So I was like, oh, I'm going to try to do probably like one of these ones with me missus a week because they do get pretty good reach as well.
Kyle Musca: Does your missus do coaching or anything?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, she's just started up. She's only got like four or five clients, but she's, I was half thinking about trying to get her to do it under like A1 performance as well and say she's a female coach of it, or do you think she should stay separate? I don't know.
Kyle Musca: I mean, I'd probably get her to stay separate because then it like, one, she can like build her own business and there's no like wires being tangled there because you don't want to kind of get to the point where, I mean. Yeah, and it'll pay a structure and everything like that. You don't to keep that out of the relationship. The other thing there, man, like, again, You know, partners, like, something like that, man, especially because you obviously just want to see her, you know, do well, you'd hope. Yeah, so if someone signs up, man, you might be like, hey, man, like, you know, I know you mentioned a missus, you've got a missus, like, would she be keen on doing something like this? Like, I only ask because, you know, I've got my missus that does coach. And then because she's just trying to start her business up, you could be like, nah, bro, like, I'll do it. If she wants to join, you know, I'll do, like, hers, half-price or something like that for her.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, just to get a bit of a client-based bit of cash flow come through.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, body-o, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick.
Arran Humphreys: But the reach has gone up and averaged a bit better, getting more up around that 5,000, which before I never used to, you know, which is cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, man, this style of stuff goes good. Like, this is, like, nice, just actual, authentic. You know what would be sick for you, man, is if you could find some people that have been like crippled or like, you know, come back from home and then react to that and then like talk about your experience with it. Yeah, okay. You know what mean? Like, because again, that will be a really engaging video. You use the book as the visual representation of something that's already gone viral. Talk about it. And then again, it's kind of like the same as, you know, when you plug your own client transformations in because then you can be like, you know, when I walk back, I never thought I'd  work. I never thought I'd walk again. You know, it made me realise, you know, it's a blessing to be able to even  move your body and everything like that. So, you know, if you... If you've been , if you're sitting down, you're  lazy, whatever, go get outside, move your body, because, you know, tomorrow you might not get the chance to.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, because that one, if you slow down a little bit, that was that one, that 12.5k, like it must have just been, that video I reacted to, must have just been a  one that hooked people. Like, I don't really understand what, it wasn't much different, but it went way better, so I was like,  it.
Kyle Musca: Man, it's so weird, like, the more you do this, the more you'll realise certain things that you just, like, no normal person will realise. And you can, like, use that to, like, what I mean by that is, like, so, well, one I've already posted, I filmed one today, so one like this, I don't know if you saw the video.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Basically, like, I was just talking absolute , and I didn't even really intentionally mean to do it, but a lot of people were confused about what the  I was even talking about. And again, that sparks a lot of conversations in the comments, you know what I mean? Yeah. You you're always too serious, didn't catch the sarcasm. There's a lot more comments for the , for some reason, the video, the computer never shows the comment. Like, I don't understand, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So it starts conversation. Another thing, man, I'm doing pretty much like all my videos now, like not all of them, but like anywhere it kind of makes sense to do, is just at the end, like, you know, let me know your thoughts at the end.
Arran Humphreys: Like, let me know your thoughts down below. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And do some controversial  as well. Like, for this man, you know, I went down the route of like, if you're trying to lose weight, you should aggressively cut. Like, what the  are doing? One, it makes you look like, you know, a good coach because at the end of the day, man, people want , you know, to lose weight quickly. They want to get shredded quickly. You know what mean? So it's like, throw stones at people. I say like, you if a coach tells you to do it, if someone tells you to slow, they have no clue what they're doing, and all this. want you to  pay the money forever, right? So, like, if someone hears that, they're all right, this guy's going to get the  job done. And then second, man, like, people, especially when it comes to, like, aggressive calorie deficits and cuts and stuff, you know, personally disagree. I'm the longer cut and keeping the majority of minutes. This guy literally said he's in 1,000 calorie deficits. Like, dude, you're an aggressive cut, you  idiot. Yeah, I mean, I like, so, and again, it's very polarizing because some people are like, yeah, I really like the aggressive cut versus some people, like, you know, someone who's had eating disorders, you know, this was not  suitable. You know, so people are either really agreeing or really disagreeing. And these are, like, full paragraphs as well. Like, these aren't just, like, little , you know, one, two word comments. These are full conversations that people are having.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then from that, five other people commented on that. Well, it was mean, but still. But, yeah, it's a very polarizing, man.
Arran Humphreys: It's polarizing, Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Like, get people agreeing with you and really disagreeing with Like, for example, yeah, like, I was filming content earlier today, man. I made a video on, you know, this, and what I did, I can't show you right now because I obviously haven't posted it, but like, when I was doing, you know, the face and the bottom, I was like, like, acting like I was about to, you know, completely  rip into shreds and say, it's like a  . But that was like, you know, it came from the angle of like, yeah, I've never really considered why it's considered, whatever the  word is, to say that I wouldn't date someone that's fat. Like, you know, it's not my personal preference. You know, lifestyles don't align, et cetera, et cetera. Whenever you say something like that, I always like to throw in the, like, it's your life, your body, can do what you want. Um, but like, don't, you know, give, and then I said, don't get  that, you know, someone else doesn't think. You're attractive, essentially. Yeah. And then I like to throw in the, yeah, luckily we've all got free speech, though. Let me know your thoughts in the comments.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Because there's going to be some dudes that absolutely  hate women, like fat women, like  those women. And I'm sure I'm probably going get some people on it like you're a , you know, dickhead and everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So one thing I find, again, so I try and pick apart what is going to start conversations. So, for example, this video, went from like that to that. And I was like, people don't talk about, you know, it's harder to go from skinny to muscular than it is to fat to muscular. And we've got two polarizing opinions there. Some people can be like, no way, way too hard, way harder going fat, way too hard going skinny. You know?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, kind of look at it, but like, how can I cause controversy? For this one, this dude's like 57 years old or something, and I kind of said, this movement would be   if you're in your 20s or 30s. But if you're like, you know, 50 or 60-year-old trying to get up off the couch, then it's a fantastic movement.
Arran Humphreys: You know what I mean? Yeah, I get you. You know what No, I definitely get what angle you're coming from. Like, you just want to spark a bit more like people either like it or hate it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Like, never be a hater. So if you ever say anything kind of negative, again, I always like to sprinkle in, like, your life. can do whatever the  you want, whatever. Yeah. And then the other thing is, like, just be really positive, especially around, like, transformations and stuff. Like, for this one, for example, basically, I was just like, you this is one of best transformations I've ever seen in my life. You know, think about how much easier it would be to walk around without 130 kilos on your body. You know, massive props to this guy.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. People love  showing support and, you know, uplifting other people, man. So if you can just be the voice of it, people will know, yeah,  I have.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, for sure. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And I think with the, was I watching one the other day? Be careful with the green screen. I don't know if it's gotten like worse, maybe the change to sitting, because I noticed as well. Maybe it's just when you wear a hat. Try and like not have the background where it like gets real flaky around the hat, if that makes sense. Oh, yeah. So this is fine, but like when you see how it does that.
Arran Humphreys: yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then it does like the pull. It's obviously annoying because it's like the background and stuff. But like if that happens, like maybe like try and shift or something to where the background is, like you can clearly see it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So just like a small thing, I know it's like even on mine.
Arran Humphreys: That one's down, it's doing as well, pisses me off. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: What was that for you? Is that one? I'm real. Yeah. The other thing, bro, is... What was that one? No, it that one. Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. Again, especially when you ask those conversation ones, Ben, and you, you know, let me know your thoughts in the comments, or it is a very polarizing opinion, add the poll.
Arran Humphreys: Have you been doing the poll? Yeah, I've been doing the... I've got to start doing... So, because I schedule my posts, but you can't put the poll when you schedule. So, I've got to upload them and then do it manually.
Kyle Musca: I almost reckon don't schedule. Like, you can have it in your drafts and stuff like that.
Arran Humphreys: So, it's just like a click button type thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, it's click thing. It's But I almost reckon don't schedule, man. Like, I've done research into it. They say that it doesn't affect anything with the reach and stuff like that, man. But, like, I don't know. It just never seems to pull as hard.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then obviously can't do  like that as well. With this, I'd make the CTA a little bit clearer, especially, like, now. Yeah, we've still got a couple of days, man. Like, what I've been doing is, you know, just very simple lines. Black Friday, join EMP Coaching, free, month free, DM me Black Friday for more info.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You kind of don't want like, over-explain. You kind of want to just spark interest, and then they can message me if they want more info. Because you want to generate that curiosity, you know what I You want them to actually have to reach out and message you to learn more, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, Okay, yeah, yeah. Perfect, man. Does that all make sense? Yeah, that makes sense. Definitely can do that.
Kyle Musca: Otherwise, you might even want to go to, have you mentioned the Black Friday stuff to your current clients?
Arran Humphreys: Nah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So for referrals, man, what you might want to do is like, hey, man, I'm running a special offer for Black Friday. If you've got to make the joins, I'll give him maybe a month free coaching or something like that. But I'll also swing you $100 if you make that work.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Um, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I could definitely do something like that.
Kyle Musca: Um, now the other thing I reckon, cause like December's probably going to be a bit of a quiet period, man. So what I reckon you can kind of, you could maybe start doing is trying to do like a seven day challenge or something like that, just to start getting like a little bit of like some people through the machine. Essentially. So the idea would be like, you know, through December, maybe, you know, once a week or something like that, you take on five guys to do a seven-day challenge, you know, because then they do the challenge and then you can kind of like do a check-in call at the end of them. They're like, cool, man. Yeah, we used to check-in, chat, , whatever, do the sales process. They're like, sweet, man, you know, I'm actually running like a New Year's challenge and everything like that. Usually it was going to be two grand, but because you've come through the seven-day challenge, man, or you can even say, you know, it's going to be $1,500, I'll give you the rest of the December free, essentially. But they have to start paying from that point. Don't just give them the month free. Or you could say like it was going to be, you know, different ways. You'd have to structure the offer well. But essentially, you basically say like if you join now, you get access to that and you can start now.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. And what do you, what do you reckon, like how would you structure the seven-day challenge? It's like, what would you actually give them, you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: How hard is it for you to build a seven-day program for someone?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, not really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially, man, like I would just like , you know, again, they've got to know that it's like a passive thing. Like they've got to know that it's obvious. You've got to have a massive contrast between what they get in a seven-day challenge and like one-to-one coaching. Because if it's like a free seven-day challenge and then you ask them to pay $1,500, there needs to be a pretty big gap.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So like I would just set up like, even if you just give them all the exact same program and  like that, maybe do meal plan or even just calories and map robbers.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Maybe even like a PDF sort of thing, like not get them onto my app and .
Kyle Musca: I would try and get them on. Maybe you give them a program. I'll probably do a program in the app and then maybe like a PDF meal plan or something like that with, you know, maybe one's 1,800 calories, one's 2,000 calories or something like that. And the reason for that is like you kind of want them in this system. So it's like the idea is if they do. If want to continue on, it's like, cool, man, you're already set up.
Arran Humphreys: just need to set up payment. Yeah. Yeah. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then with that, man, push a lot of urgency. Like I'm doing, I'm on three guys. Over the next three weeks, I'm taking on three guys every single week. I mean, you don't even do that. Again, word it, however you want to word it. But taking on three guys this week, do a free seven-day challenge. If you want to be a part of it, tap the sticker or reach out.
Arran Humphreys: But, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That might be a good, like, little way just to  start conversations with people, man. Give them something of value. will trigger the rule of reciprocity, man. So, essentially, have I mentioned the rule of reciprocity before? No. So, essentially, we're brought up in a culture where if I give you something of actual value, man, you, therefore, feel obligated to give me something in return, right? So, if someone's interested in weight loss and you give them a free seven-day challenge, you you check in with them, you know, maybe twice a week or something like that. And And you do a checking call at the end with them, man, they're going to be like, wow, this guy's giving me so much  for free.
Arran Humphreys: Like, imagine what he's paid service would be like. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you just make it known to them as well. Like, they're like, oh, can I get a custom meal plan and everything like that? It's like, dude, yeah, like, I do that with all my, like, you know, actual one-to-one clients, man. With this challenge, you know, it is like a little bit more like this, essentially. So you make it known to them that there's , you get what you pay for.
Arran Humphreys: This was free, brother. Yeah. You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sick, bro. So I reckon, yeah, unroll that in December is a bit of an offer. And then, like, I would do that to try and pick up people for a New Year's challenge. And then, like, in January, it probably be about, like, trying to get some people on a New Year's challenge.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So realistically, what that would look like is, like, a two-week hard push from, like, January 1st, maybe January 12th, or whatever.
Arran Humphreys: The New Year's Challenge. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that?
Arran Humphreys: No, I can definitely make that up and I think that'll be a good idea. Something a bit new to push as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Sick man. The only other thing then quickly is I head to Canada on Monday. So basically 2 p.m. there will be like 8 a.m. here. Would you be able to do these calls in the morning at some time?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Even the Mondays I'll be able to do because I'll be at work Tuesday to Friday, like  4 a.m.
Kyle Musca: I leave home, so. Yeah, I guess. What time on Monday could you do?
Arran Humphreys: Anytime, bro, because I'm home all day.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. What we might do, man, the only thing that I like, I leave on Monday.
Arran Humphreys: Not this Monday, you could do next Monday, because this Monday, it's only four days, three days.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I'll do is I'll change this to Monday anyway. Where the  am I at? Monday, cool. And then, what we might do then is, I might even do 2 p.m. is 8 a.m. Could you do, let's say, 10 a.m., which would be 4 p.m.
Arran Humphreys: then?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, That's fine. Absolutely, yeah, cool, man.
Arran Humphreys: How long are you in Canada for?
Kyle Musca: About six weeks.
Arran Humphreys: That'd be sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it should be good, man. Ooh, and we have to change things. We'll play it, like, once I'm actually over there, but that should be fine. Cool, bro. And then... The times of difference will be hard. Maybe we'll see how we go. Maybe we can do something I'd like, but then it'll be the Monday after that anyway. We'll see how we go over there and hopefully we can like line up a time before then.
Arran Humphreys: Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Good, bro. Any questions or anything on any of that stuff, man?
Arran Humphreys: No, bro. That was pretty good. That was a good pull. So a couple of things to take away. Worth on.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Just keep pushing Black Friday stuff out, man. I would definitely reach out to your clients. Try and get some referrals on before.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: If you want some, man. All right, bro. I'll let you back to it and I'll chat to you soon. Appreciate it, bro. Talk soon, man. Cheers, man. Bye. Bye.


>>> 25/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-28T04:58:56Z | id:104879719
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Torin McGlynn: on holidays too. So literally trying to do five videos, five cooking videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, nice. Today, you're filming them today?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, filming them today. I did two yesterday. I did three today, but then I was finishing off a Sometimes I make the recipe on a different day that I, like, react to it. Sometimes I just leave it in the fridge because I'm just, like, I don't have the calories or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, sick, man. Okay, cool, bro. We'll rip right in.
Torin McGlynn: How was this week? It's been very good. This week has been a good step in the right direction.
Kyle Musca: We got Christian on.
Torin McGlynn: We got Matt on, who's the BA, which makes my life very easy. just sorting out all the payment lists and everything like that now. He's doing like lots of stuff I should have done a while ago, but I still have just been a one-man team, so I've to give myself some grace. So it's really good to see the numbers. He's doing all like client lists and stuff, CEO dashboard like you have. Obviously, my only expenses. I was looking at my expenses the other day. It's like, you're like most of it. And then just the tools. I think my expenses for the whole month is like 5k, which is really not bad. So all that's been sorted. I had a few calls with him to train him up with some things. Gave him your, your BA's sheet. So that'd be good as well. He's made a list for Christian so we can keep up with payments as well. And then Christian has started, started really strong as well. He's already making like workouts. For like big demographics, it's just taken up on itself to do that. And we met up in person and I filmed some more SOPs and stuff. So it's always been very positive.
Kyle Musca: Okay, fantastic. And he's like, you're feeding him all new clients pretty much now?
Torin McGlynn: All new clients, yeah. So it was a bit dodgy because he's still on FIFO and he's going to go away for two weeks from next week on. But he's doing all game plan videos because I do game plan video. I don't do a kickoff call. And he's doing all them. then I said, I'll take the first call.
Kyle Musca: And then you do the second call. What's a game plan video?
Torin McGlynn: Game plan video is like a loom video. I always start people with that. So then there's a bookmark on it and stuff. You know, they can go back and watch it. And it works pretty well. then people will really like them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I would like if when maybe not now until he's like fully set up and everything. But once he is, I would get him on that, like the first onboarding and make an actual call. Okay. With the coach. Because like. That's his job at the end of the day. Plus, it's really, like, again, it's an extra level of service.
Torin McGlynn: Like, who wants to watch a video when they could speak to someone directly?
Kyle Musca: And you want them to start forming that relationship as soon as humanly possible.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I already talked to him about that. was like, yeah, this might shift to just, like, a call within the first, like, 24 or 48 hours. And he was pretty okay with it. I just don't see how we can create the plan that quickly.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't need to be necessarily created. If it's not that quick, then it's not that quick. It might even be, what you could do is you could switch it up. So it's, like, the first call is basically just, like, letting them have a chat and everything like that. And then running them through the system, like, expect, like, this is how often I want you to track your weight. This is where you're going to find your meal plan X, Z. But then, like, doing the roadmap call, like, the roadmap sheet first. So it's, like, this is what's going to happen over the next 20 years. Sorry, next 12 months. And then on that first call, once the plan is actually made and everything, it's like, okay, cool, this is your workout program.
Torin McGlynn: This is your meal plan and everything like that. Okay. Yeah, it makes sense. Makes sense. Yeah. Roadmap call. Then do they book another game plan call? It will be like the first one will be the onboarding call, which just has to be 24 hours, despite whatever time it is in the week. And then it's just like from there, it's just first check-in call once the program's done. All right. That sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Or if it's a Loom video, he will just do a Loom video of like, hey, we've got your program done.
Torin McGlynn: Like, this is what is involved. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So yeah, onboarding video, then Loom video. That's cool. Because then he gets to know them a little bit more and it seems more personalized.
Kyle Musca: So first of all, every client, no matter what, I would get him calling. Just again, form a bit of relationship. If it's, and then depending on the package, if it's like low tier package and like the package comes with Loom videos, then yeah, just Loom video. You know, a call package, then I would get him on calls.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool. Cool, cool, cool. We literally have been on calls every day this week to get him up to scratch with things. So he's all good. I'm feeling very confident about it as well, to be honest. He's hungry for it. I think he's been through the ringer with work, and he wants remote work, so he should be good.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, if someone sees it for the opportunity, it is. Like, you can go  work in Bali for, you know, 52 weeks a year, bro, if you want to.
Torin McGlynn: Like, you know, especially that beats fly and fly at any day of the week. Yeah, no, he's happy with it. He just needs to finish up this because he literally just didn't, he couldn't even have time to quit. So that's all good. That's all good. We can start working on other things now, which is good. I'll obviously have a lot more questions with him being onboarded and stuff. But right now, it seems smooth. don't think I have many more questions, be honest. did all the SOPs. We did our start texts. We got our group chat sorted. Yeah. Well, that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Beautiful. Perfect, man. So you've had 12 calls booked this week, man. And five sales, which is, I mean, that's still pretty decently good. 40% close rate.
Torin McGlynn: Like, what are we looking at there? Like, what's, what do you feel? I've only taken five. And I closed two. I've got a 3K PIF and I've got a 1K USD that she's going to pay another 1K USD. So two big sales. The other ones were actually just literally no money in the bank, like the zero. And I could see it and they actually had no money and they wanted to do it. So I was just like, nah, do you know what? Like, it's all right. And I took one today and she said, maybe. But I do think she might pay. Like, I do actually think she might pay. She'd asked me for my WhatsApp. She said that I'm just going to go over some numbers. Maybe not. It's like a 50-50, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh, so do you have, like, seven more calls to take, or what happened, where are the others?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, we got three more, we got three cancellations, because on Monday, I literally just went through everyone, um, I did the morning texts, and I literally just saw that they had a  job, and I just asked specifically, they already were asked the question, but I was like, hey, just don't want to waste your time and actually put the 500 in there. I noticed that Clemé wasn't putting the 500 in, which I told her to, um, so yeah, that's, that's why there's, like, three cancellations. I've got one call instantly after this call, um, I've got another one tomorrow, uh, I maybe even have one on Sunday as well. Um, I'll check now.
Kyle Musca: Yep, okay, so, that's good, man, like, really, we haven't been pushing the marketing that hard at all, um, just because, again, you just couldn't take it on. now, with this new coach, I think we'll, we'll keep doing what we're doing for this period while he's at work, there's no point in trying to, like, feed him, like, 20, 30 news. He's so he can't, you know, if he's not going to take on, like, be able to give them the best service possible, if that makes sense.
Torin McGlynn: But we do want to give him enough clients that he can, like, work. Is he going to be able to work while he's away? Is he going to work? He's going to be able to do texts. He won't be able to do calls because he's working, obviously, 12-hour days. I'll do, I said to him I'd do the first call. I think that would be good for rapport anyway. And then he introduces, he does the game plan video, so then they know it's him, and then I'll explain on the call, like, look, it's going to be Christian now. From this, it's good to have you on board and everything like that. And I've said this to the people on sales calls. I've literally said this. I said, I'll take your first call, and then my head recomposition coach will take, will be coaching you from then on out, but I'll be coaching with you the whole time, kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll be careful about how you phrase it. Just sell it as a two-coaching system. Like, and just say, the same as pricing, say, actually, yeah, you'll be working with me and Christian, and that's just designed to make sure you're really well supported at all times. Yeah, yeah, cool, cool.
Torin McGlynn: My last one today was more like that than the other thing I said. I said like a two-coach system so we get, you know, more response speed, everything like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like just to make sure you're supported at times. Do you create a group chat with them or anything like that?
Torin McGlynn: Is there a way that they can contact you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, perfect. I create a group chat, first text, and I already have a text wrote out for Christian. It's just my own version of your one pretty much. And then on there, it's a bit long, I will say, but I think it's pretty good. It's like the next steps, fill out this form. Christian, I would like to introduce you to Christian. I think it's fine. And then his one is just pretty much like, hey, can't wait to get going kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, his should, oh, it's not going be over there. Once he's back, it should be booking this onboarding call here.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. And then he, and it's like, what if they book like three days after?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it should, it should always be like his calendar, whatever he uses as the booking link should only be like a day in advance. And then like, you have to discuss if it's outside. And just chance. Thank Honestly, what I would get to, like, because I'm going to go to Canada, so I have to change my onboarding system a bit, and it'd be the same for you. What I would recommend you do, you don't get much buyer's remorse at all, which is good, but even so, like, as soon as you hang up the call, you let Christian know, hey, I've just signed this client, and then Christian calls him, like, a real quick three, five-minute call, just like, hey, you know, hey, Torin, just let me know you're a part of the team, super, you know, keen to rip in. And then basically just, like, so what I do on that call, so, like, my proposal will close for me, I'll call, hey, just want to personally welcome your team, super keen to rip in. You'll get the program in, like, 24 to 48 hours. This first block is really designed to do X, Y, Z. If you need any adjustments, just let us know. Does that make sense? Yep, cool. And then basically explain the communication. Anything regarding the program, know, Torin and will be working on your program. Anything regarding the program, I'll drop in there just to avoid confusion. But if there's anything you want to chat to him about or me about personally, feel free to reach out personally. That's absolutely fine. Cool. All makes sense. And then for him, it'd be like, I dropped in, so Torin dropped in some onboarding stuff in there, shows you how to set up the app, everything, like whatever it does. And then I dropped in a link to actually book in a call. You see that one come through? Yeah, cool. And then I would get him to book them on the call then and there. Because you don't want to like run into the issue of like these lazy fuckers just not booking in a call. And then like two days later, like, oh, I've changed my mind. You know, and so it's just like booking in now.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool. I can, would I just say that on the sales call? after they pay, they'll just be like, Christian's going to literally, I'm going to send you a link, just so it just saves me that three-minute call. I'm going send you a link for Calendly, book into Christian, so he can introduce you to him.
Kyle Musca: No, I wouldn't necessarily, no, I wouldn't do that. I would just drop it in the actual message.
Torin McGlynn: So it's like they have, because it should come from Christian, because it's like the calls with him. Oh, he's the one putting the calendar in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like when you see, like I'll show you real quick what mine looks like. Okay. All
Torin McGlynn: Okay, you call it EMPVIP.
Kyle Musca: I call it Project Transform Group. I just do like, yeah, I would just do abbreviations because otherwise you type them too much.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, hey lads, you've got this, hey?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I got that. I don't have a, that number two thing and I don't have group chat yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, would definitely create the group chat, Aza. Yeah. Especially if you're a like get, with that different story, but like get you posting some things on some days, him posting some things on another day. just to like, you need to like build it up to the point where people are talking to it. But anyway, make sure you watch this video, runs you through everything. Do you use WhatsApp for text or use it in app?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I use WhatsApp.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, so one thing that you'll run into, use, so you... Do you use broadcasters for check-ins and stuff?
Torin McGlynn: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so do you use broadcasters at all? No. Okay, so broadcasters, do you know what it is?
Torin McGlynn: Is it just send a message to everybody?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but it's like, it's like kind of like you have a group, but instead of like a group chat, you send a message and it goes to them individually?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So. I've been told this before about something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so they need to add you back as a contact. That's like the biggest thing. Otherwise, that stuff doesn't come through. That's really, that's really handy for you to have as well, because it's like you might want to say, let's say you do like a referral thing, like you have a promotion coming up, but whatever the . It's like, hey, I just want to reach out, let you know I'm doing X, Y, Z. But if they haven't added you back as a contact, it doesn't come through, so they miss it.
Torin McGlynn: All right. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Makes sense. Makes sense. Yeah, but so essentially you'd send something like that. And then Christian would send something like this. Like, what's up? Very excited to have you on board. Can't wait to kick things off. See what We can create. Don't forget to add me as a contact so you don't miss anything. Also, let's jump on a call tomorrow. Sometime we can introduce ourselves and go over any questions you may have.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, let me stay on that screen right now. I'll you a little screenshot right now to Christian. Cool. I'll explain it to him in minute.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you're doing a sales call.
Torin McGlynn: Again, you don't have much buyer's remorse, so it's not that big of an issue. I've never had buyer's remorse.
Kyle Musca: Ever. Yeah. I think that, again, because you've done the sales call and they're going to be working with you.
Torin McGlynn: I see.
Kyle Musca: But like, yeah, just as a general sense, like you don't want people to go away and then like, it's like that nightclub, you know, where they feel really uneasy about it and they're like in their own head and the anxiety kicks up and stuff. So if they speak to someone straight after, like, if they get off the call with you and then like 10 minutes later, Christian's calling like, hey, like I heard, you you'd be a part of the team. I'm like, the ?
Torin McGlynn: Like, the support here is crazy. Oh, yeah. Okay, so how do we call them on WhatsApp?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I just call them on WhatsApp, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool. I don't need to, like, set them up with go-hello or something.
Kyle Musca: Nah, nah. He just calls through. He's got an Australian number, I mean, he just calls through WhatsApp.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, he's got an Australian number, but everyone's US.
Kyle Musca: That's okay. It doesn't really matter. Like, you can call US people.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: That's not that big of deal.
Torin McGlynn: That sounds good. That sounds good. We'll do, uh, we'll do the WhatsApp call from him. So, will I say, like, expect a call from Christian in the next few minutes on Salesforce?
Kyle Musca: No. Yeah, so, like, however you will, like, I'll, um, you'll be with Christian now. What I'm going to do is I'm going to have a chat to him straight after this, and then, yeah, he'll probably give you a call, um, just to run you through the next steps. Because that's what I say. Like, I'm just giving you a quick call, just to run you through the next steps so you're not left in the dark with anything.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, because you have a closer?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. Sounds good. I suppose I'll be that person if I get a closer?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, then it would probably, I mean, depending, like, so when I'm going to go to Canada, for example, like, what I'm going to do is I'm going to get my closer to create the group chat, and then my coach just call them straight away and do my job for me, essentially. Because I, because, like, it'll be, I'll be asleep over there by that time, like, I'm not going to be able to get to them quick enough.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I got the, I've worked in all sorts of time zones. I'm also going to Canada, so it might be a similar thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, when are you heading there?
Torin McGlynn: I'm going there on the 16th of December.
Kyle Musca: Oh, nice.
Torin McGlynn: Where are going? I'm going to Vancouver.
Kyle Musca: Oh, same, man. I'm in, I'll be in Whistler, but.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, you said that.
Kyle Musca: If there's any way we can get, like, a Canada gym session in, that'd be sick. Well, we probably can, because we won't be hitting slopes every day. I mean, like, kind of, like, in between Vancouver and Whistler. Ah, cool.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's it. The chances of that are crazy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I, are you just going there for a holiday?
Torin McGlynn: Ah. No, actually, so obviously, well, yeah, I am, but I haven't seen my mother or my two sisters in two years, two and a half years, since I moved to Australia, and it wasn't going to happen, and then I earned loads of money, and I just, like, paid for all their flights, which is cool. Well, I didn't pay for my sister's flight, because she's already there, but yeah, it wasn't going to happen, and then it turned out to be a really expensive trip, and I was like, okay, I've just earned 30, I think, what was it, in our first month of work? together, like 30k or something, I was like, I can put, like, 10k down, it's all right, because I wouldn't be able to see them for another, like, two years if I didn't do that, because I'm not going back to Ireland anytime soon. So, yeah, that's the, that's the reason going over, but I'm excited for it, man, I think it'll be cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man, that's awesome. Okay, sick, bro. Cool, well, what I reckon we do, okay, we'll keep, we'll keep going through the check-in form, new coach, new VA, they're being set up now, which is fantastic. With the VA for where you're at as well, it is like just making sure payments aren't being failed and stuff like that.
Torin McGlynn: He's good. He is really good. I actually just instantly knew I wanted him when, because I've dealt with VAs for Lars' business too, because I was in charge of that. And when I looked at Sage and stuff, I was like, okay, I'll just get this guy. He looks sick. And then gone to call straight away, really easy onboarding. pay him 10 USD an hour, which is quite a lot compared to some, but he's really good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, as long as they're doing quality work and they're legitimate about like when they're doing the work, then you're fine.
Torin McGlynn: Which I think they also include that into it, don't they?
Kyle Musca: Like making sure that they're actually getting paid only for the work that they do.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah. Yeah. He sends me a message like in the morning, tells me he's doing something. He also has to send his hours into a group chat with the agency owner saying like, I'm in now, I'm out now. And then he's up for a call every day. He's like, you can call. Call me whenever you want in the four hours. So he's definitely legit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Yeah, that's good. They seem like a pretty good company from what I've seen from them.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah. The guy that runs it that gave me Matt is super chill. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Nearly a 10K rev didn't do much sales, which is good.
Torin McGlynn: I found that nuts. I literally found that nuts. I literally, I think four recurrings came in, but the recurrings are 4K USD. So it's like these huge chunks just coming into my bank. The, yeah, I took three days off sales calls, did two sales calls yesterday. I closed them both, did three today. One's a maybe. That's what it is, I think. And then the two were just like, actually, you just can't wait to get off the phone call.
Kyle Musca: This person's retired.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I think, man, like you're in a really good spot because like, again, you've got really little overheads. So what I recommend you aim to do now is essentially. Yeah. And then, I mean, if we're really pumping some funnels, we can obviously reevaluate it there. But I feel like the peak level of if you want to, like, live a lifestyle kind of, run a lifestyle kind of business where you just, like, maximal profit, maximal time in your hands and it's  chill out, is get one coach under you, completely fill him up on, like, reoccurring. And then, you know, you just kind of coast because you can just push the scarcity factor massively, like, there's no spots left, join the waitlist, join the waitlist, join the waitlist, and then as soon as spots do come available, then you just, like, fill them right back up. And then you just, you just, like, max out the scarcity of it, essentially.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah, because that's essentially, like, I have obviously been working, like,  crazy for the last, like, while. It'd be nice to take a little bit of a take work off my hands instead of put it on, you know?
Kyle Musca: Well, now that you've got this coach on, man, you'll notice that over the next couple of weeks. Like, you'll be, you know, signing just as many. Clients, but, like, your clients will drop off and then, you know, you'll keep giving him clients and your bank account won't, like, shift at all, really.
Torin McGlynn: I didn't know what he going up, but, like, you'll just get a lot more time back, which is, like. Yeah, that's the thing I'm excited for. Revenue this month, because this will be our last call, has been nuts, by the way. We've blown other months completely out of the water. So, we are on, let me see, because I have 6K sent to my bank. I think it's pretty good. We are on 61,833. That's .
Kyle Musca: That is so great. All organically, which is  wild, man.
Torin McGlynn: All organically and all me. I literally, 60K a month, just, just Torin.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, dude, that's  awesome. Man, just coming. Down to execution at the end of the day. And to be honest, we could have probably easily pushed past 70 if we could keep pushing for more clients.
Torin McGlynn: If I had a team, if I had a coach on, I reckon we could even do 80 last month because there were some sales calls where I think they were keen at it and I was just like, 3K. I didn't want to say 2K.
Kyle Musca: Well, at the same time, we're not even pushing. We didn't run any kind of alpha or anything like that. You didn't run a black alpha, you?
Torin McGlynn: No, absolutely not. I sent it to one client that was super rich and he re-signed up and he was happy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. Like, considering that you just went through that whole period, didn't even need to run an offer like that. I think you could have easily done 70 or 80. Yeah. Fire Organic, actioning, hiring, batch filming, lead mags continue to work, which is beautiful. How's Colme going with the volume of...
Torin McGlynn: Well, we've got two in there now. Now, we've got... We've and we've got, we've got actually three of them because Komei does some as well. They're fine. I think they've probably been a little bit all over the place because I've been just shutting off full days and I've been telling them about that too, where I've literally just said like, look, I can't take sales calls for the next three days. So I think that probably did alter the sales calls booked. Obviously that won't happen now anymore. Um, but other than that, you're, you're full steam ahead.
Kyle Musca: How many hours are you getting Komei's team in there?
Torin McGlynn: Uh, I paid them 490 USD. So I think 100, 100 hours, just under 100.
Kyle Musca: And how many, okay. How many clients have you gotten this, this, uh, which is quite a lot, I won't Yeah, $7.50 times four. So that's three grand just on, just on Klamay alone. And then it's $50 per client.
Torin McGlynn: $25.
Kyle Musca: $25 USD.
Torin McGlynn: So $25 USD. I said, we made a deal. Like, it was previously $6 USD. And then I was like, okay, what if I give you, like, five hours?
Kyle Musca: And then she was like, yeah, we can do five. How many new clients have you got this month?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, God. Let me see. Easily 20. I reckon about 40K of the US, of the thing has been from, like, PIFs and stuff. So it's definitely way more profit. I'll know because of my form.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I do, like, she is definitely expensive. Like, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well. I'm just hanging on. So five sales. So you made three this week. You got five clients last week. Is that right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Wait, I'll see from my form. So we've got two that aren't on this. I know that already. So what are we? November. There's heaps of Novembers. So one, two, three. Actually. Yeah. So in November, there's 18, 19, 20, 20 new clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's 800 there. So 3,800 is how much you're paying Klamet for the month. Now, I think with something like that, you could probably get, let's go 13. 13, 13 AUD. Yeah, pretty sure. Because it was 15 AUD per hour for the DM. The VA, that's the charge that the rates they go?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. It's 10 USD.
Kyle Musca: Is that 15? 15 AUD. So I think, but I remember speaking to him. I remember saying if you put in that many hours, he can bring it down. And then including your VA, I'm sure he'd bring it down. I'm going to say conservatively 13 AUD times 13 times 100. 1,200. Yeah, okay. So that would be, that'd be 5-2 for the month in terms of DMs, as if you had someone in that. So Clement actually still comes out more affordable, which is crazy.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, like 5 USD is  all, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think if you obviously  like, you know, smash clients, then like, because obviously the more your commissions go up, that'd there, OK? then, Like, the more sales you make, the more commissions. So as long as you're keeping it under that, like, 5-2 mark a month, then it's still worth having Clemete's team in there.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I don't have an issue with Clemete's team right now. I haven't even had enough time to really audit it that much because of all the stuff going on. But that's all the stuff that's going to free up time now. I did have a few, like, sessions with them. I obviously got the group chat going and stuff. I think it's going pretty well. I've gone into some of the messages, and some of them I think are dodgy enough. But then sometimes I go in there, I'm like, okay, they probably set someone I couldn't set if I tried.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I mean, as long as they're doing the job.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. And to be honest, I've heard from, like, because obviously, like, a lot of, like, business owners with setters have non-stop issues with setters. Like, it just seems to be across the board. And I haven't had that many issues. I'm still getting good sales calls in. I do have thousands of leads. So you're going to... Wanna get some sales calls booked? Like literally every video now still gets like insane, insane comments.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's what we need to focus on now, man. Again, floodgates are open. So we need to capitalize on. One thing I reckon, do you have go high level yet?
Torin McGlynn: No.
Kyle Musca: I reckon get go high level and we'll set up an automation there. Just because you, again, it's pretty, like with this much volume, man, you could build an emailing list extremely quickly. So I think we get on top of that ASAP.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Go high level. Yeah. As I say, this weekend, since, because we said it last week, that I should get it done and probably the week before.
Kyle Musca: It wasn't as much of an urgency just because like you needed a coach and stuff first. But now that you can sort of really pump it, I reckon get that sorted.
Torin McGlynn: I paid for the  first month of this. So it's not even that.
Kyle Musca: It's just like losing $100 if I don't.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Their marketing team is . I mean, they send me, like, an SMS every day. They call me most days.
Kyle Musca: They send me, like, three emails a day. It's crazy. Probably not even a bad idea jumping on there. I understand why they do it, because, like, when you first get on the system, you're like, holy , this is confusing as. And I would see them, like, losing a lot of people just because of that. So they're probably, like, doubling down on onboarding a client so they actually understand where everything is and how to use it.
Torin McGlynn: As soon as you said, like, get Christian to call them straight away, I was like, okay, go high level. Go high level is definitely, yeah, doing that well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, he could call through, high level, throw US. I don't think it would matter that much.
Torin McGlynn: Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: And then it would be pretty simple, like, literally just, like, what you're currently already doing, but then just saying, like, what email should I send it to?
Torin McGlynn: And then just collecting emails like a . Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then what would happen there is a pretty simple process, because you've already got that 30-day email.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I think it's pretty good. It could be improved probably. There's no, I don't have any transformations in there. I just have myself.
Kyle Musca: What we'll do is we'll do the five-day soap opera sequence and then you, after that, it'll basically go into the 30-day follow-on.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, I am. I'll do that. I'll do that. Do you want to have a look at it? It's pretty, like, it has, like, you know, gut health. I could add a menopause one in there. think that might be good because, like, literally, like, everyone joining here is a woman in her 40s.
Kyle Musca: Like, literally everyone. Yeah. Pull it up. We'll have a look at it. While you do that, I'll get this as well.
Torin McGlynn: I haven't pulled it. This is, like, has cobwebs on it. I haven't pulled this thing up in  ages.
Kyle Musca: So, what I can get you to do, and then I'll, like, what I'll do is I'll basically draft this for you and then you can reword. So, I'll have to go a little bit back and forth here. But if you want to fill this out for me.
Torin McGlynn: Is that the, oh, yeah, that's to get it. Yeah, sure. So I'm going to do like a cup, I think.
Kyle Musca: So like this isn't like super urgent, but obviously don't put it to the side. Just make sure it's done sometime this week. Again, we'll have to do a bit of back and forth here. So it's like you'll send me them. I'll draw up the actual sequence and then you just like reword it accordingly.
Torin McGlynn: All right, cool. the automation. I did this when I did James Smith's thing.
Kyle Musca: Do you want to share your screen?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. It has pretty good opens, I must say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think with that age as well, like it's a really strong, you know, they check their emails and . You know, I don't know about you.
Torin McGlynn: I don't check the emails at all. I don't check any emails.
Kyle Musca: Oh my God. Yeah. So it's like that old demographic is probably pretty good.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Here you go. Here you go.
Kyle Musca: And then the other thing I reckon we'll do, man, is in the new year, we will start focusing on, like, building, what is this in? Aweber. Yeah, so you can get rid of this, make sure we set all files, but then we'll just chuck this as an automation and go high level.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, yeah, so we've got a free thing inside, this gives me, like, a little, like, why I did this, I stabbed myself when was young, girlish, kid. And then we got me, a little transformation, so they get to know me. And then we, like, free coaching inside, not click away, and just pretty much category calculator in there. it's really good, man. Yeah. Don't click the other thing, though. This is how to lose weight.
Kyle Musca: This is pretty much, like, how to calculate. So, again, soap opera sequence, same as, like, normally you call email sequence, it's, like, value, value, value, offer. You know what I mean? So, it's, like, tell a story, draw them in, and then it's, like, here's how I do it, et cetera. If you want to help to book this.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I even have, like, little jokey bits in there, fish and rice cake guy. I don't know if you ever saw this guy. But then I have the cookbook here. It's pretty much just all value. Like, multivitamins are a scam. Like, 45% click rate, like, stays up.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't drop off. Yeah, man. That's why, again, like, I think you've, that's why I think it's so important for you to, like, start doing this email sequence because, especially looking at these numbers, like, those are really high outcomes. So, you know, that's a correct 48 at the very end because it's your order details.
Torin McGlynn: That's the actual name of the email. This was prior to James, but it's kind of thing. So, all of these have, like, a click for a strategy call, like, action now.
Kyle Musca: I don't even know if I'm like, just a You have a 30-day sequence, but, like, what I would do, what is that? Is that, oh, yeah, a free strategy call.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, this is a free strategy call. yeah. Transformations has my VSL. That's what it clicks into on every email. I actually have had, I've made like three sales off the emails, I'd say, but they're  hotly easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they will be, and they won't.
Torin McGlynn: Are you seeing my screen? No, let me stop. Oh, can you see it? There you go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I can see it. One thing I really like about Go High level is you can segment like where all different calls are coming from, like with different calendars. So, you can clearly see, you know, again, where the calls have come from.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, that's nice. That's really, really nice. Because I manually do my checking calls in yellow, and then my sales calls in red, then my normal shade in blue.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, these are just like from ads. These are like expired clients. I can clearly see someone's coming from an ad, but a Black Friday offer. I can see someone's coming organically here.
Torin McGlynn: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Oh, wow. So it's like you can color segment. Just so you can get, like, because if I try something new, I want to know if it's, like, working, right? So I started reaching out to old clients to get them booked back in on calls this week, and it's like, okay, well, that clearly  worked really well, which is those purple ones. So, yeah, that's something I really like about Go High Level.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool. Okay, and it has loads of  in there. So, yeah, I ran into that issue with them just not sending me a text, but I'll just use someone else's number if I need to. Oh, right, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's why I had issues with it. It wasn't just that. I tried to, I remember I tried, like, three or four times to get it going, and it just was.
Kyle Musca: It might be worth booking in with them and just, like, seeing what they want to shout about.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, and then the other thing is I need my, like, pretty much ABN for Dubai. So I need to, like, get that somewhere.
Kyle Musca: I'll reach out. Your account should have it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, cool. Okay, so... So that's that. We'll start putting that together, man.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Then with your – yeah, I keep showing my screen. I shouldn't you share that. So just last thing on the thing is basically we'll come into – when was this? Two days ago. Cutting, fat, toning.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, this one. Chop Moose. 3,000 cents. I didn't even think that did that well, that video.
Kyle Musca: What was that click-through rate on that?
Torin McGlynn: pretty good. Yeah. We're – I think we've made this pretty  good. I've looked through a few of them. They don't drop off that much anymore.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do here, so this is good. What I would do is basically just change this.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, for the emails.
Kyle Musca: Change that to... Yeah, so what I'll do is like, awesome, happy to send you through my XYZ resource. What email should I send it to?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, to be fair, I think I could redo the 30 days because pretty much everyone on sales calls are here, nearly all for nutrition. And there's not, there's like three nutrition emails in there.
Kyle Musca: There's like gut health and stuff. I think I do menopause and stuff too. Yeah, I would just, yeah, yeah. Again, it's not something like that's super urgent. Like what you might want to do is just set some, like, because it's something I'm going to build out for myself as well. And literally, you know, in a great way, the same thing with content. I'm just coming through emails and , you know, get out of here. It was so inconvenient. You know, go, here we go. Just create a chat, GPT bot. Rewrite this for me, for health. Rewrite this for me, for women in their 40s.
Torin McGlynn: Well, he's got sick email sequence, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But even, you know, again, like these guys are great at emails.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I did it on, I already did it on the Inspits ones for, what I, how I did it was, I just, I did one a day for 30 days. just wrote one a day. But I was actually writing most of it. I, obviously, then I was making  all my day compared to it now.
Kyle Musca: But. Well, what I'm going to do is I'm going to say, like, go, you know, you know, they won't have access to emails. You might even want to spend the time, like, again, you could come through something like this. Copy that into a Google. Drive, like a big document, and just do that, you know, for like maybe, you know, 20 of them, for James Smith, maybe Alex Amozzi, Russell Brunson, like anyone that you've opted, like I would opt, so what I would do is I would opt into these really good marketers and copywriters and stuff, basically create a rule on it, right? I don't know if you've used rules much, but you create a new rule, anything from, you know, James Smith, and then I would create a folder that comes into marketing file or copywriting.
Torin McGlynn: File, email copywriting file.
Kyle Musca: So, like, for my consulting calls, for example, like when I send you a recap, it all comes into this folder, so I don't have to sit through emails, I can just quickly come through and like send them. What is that worth? Like these calls, like, after this call, it will automatically send me a recap and I'll just send this through.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, my fathom just comes through a fathom thing.
Kyle Musca: How does it just come through that? Oh, I set up a Zapier to send me notes and everything back.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, that's nice.
Kyle Musca: That's nice.
Torin McGlynn: That's perfect.
Kyle Musca: So that's what I would do. And then basically what I would do is I would train a ChatGPT bot to do it. So have you trained a bot before?
Torin McGlynn: No. I actually even didn't realize there was these master prompts you could do.
Kyle Musca: Well, what you do, man, is you create a project. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: This is all .
Kyle Musca: I did not know how to do it. Yeah. So like, for instance, oh, that's not even a big one. So for instance, for my video ad copy. So essentially you do this. Like you do a video ad copy one, but you do for email copywriting sequences. And you can see like short video frameworks, direct ad copy, mega guide, hook breakdown, 50 examples, all script templates. And then I put in actual examples I've written for people in the past. Even I did an Andromeda update. So basically making sure it writes from different angles every single time. So no script's the same. Copywriting tone, mega guide.
Torin McGlynn: So what I would do is have you used deep research before? Oh, so no.
Kyle Musca: I pay for this  too. Yeah. So deep. research will spit out, like, it will go away. You give it a really good prompt because it needs, like, obviously the more, sometimes I'll say this is what I want to do, write me and pass a prompt from it, and then put it back into deep research. But, so for this, for example, a copywriting mega guide, I'll say, like, I want you to go research the best copywriters in the world. I want you to break down their frameworks, their structures, X, Y, Z, give it a really strong prompt, put it into deep research, and then it will literally spit you out a document like this. Where it's got, like, all the information on, like, the research that it's been able to do and find. canal. Oh. And then you'll upload that into, you know, a project like this where you can upload files. So, therefore, this whole project is now geared and will refer to these project files as, like, how to actually perform the task. Okay. So, if you, you know, let's say you go get, you know, 25, maybe 25 emails from James Smith, Alex Hamosi, like, and try and opt into these, you know, world-class marketing. Copywriters. Copywriters. And then you go, get to do deep research on how to deliver, you know, the best highly engaging, you know, email marketing sequence specifically around health and fitness and everything like that to buy your high-ticket coaching program and everything like that. Then, you know, you could literally just sit down there every single day and like write me an email about menopause.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that would be sick. And how to, I'd probably learn some stuff too, honestly. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: I can do that. And it gets to the point where like, for this, for example, I've got like this one that just like, if I can't be bothered to reply to a client.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I've done that.
Kyle Musca: I don't get better. Yeah, but this is like trained to it. So, I like putting like guides on how to communicate with empathy and accountability and like nutrition tasks and everything like that. Why is it so slow with loading?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, mine does that too. When it has loads of  in it, it's slow.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, so literally just copied in there and then it just like replied to them.
Torin McGlynn: So, people are like actually writing a reply. I've done a good bit of that, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing on this as well, man, is you can actually train your bot to think critically. I have to figure out where to find it again.
Torin McGlynn: It's a little crazy. I don't know. I'm  at AIs. I wasn't using it for the longest time. I was just actually doing the critical thinking myself. But, yeah, it's definitely a placeholder. I was chatting to this guy about cookbooks, and he said you should definitely have, when you make a cookbook and sell it, like a GPT, that, like, you know, is trained on the cookbook and, like, gives them alternatives if they want.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, yeah. Yeah, it's a little bit hard to actually, like, market it in that sense. But, like, for instance, like, I have a... I haven't really used it yet, but this is like mega guide on how to, you know, create lead magnet ebooks and structuring and formatting it. And then I did it to like a really in-depth nutrition, health and fat loss performance, mega guide, then a training hypertrophy endurance one, and then a mindset habit one. So it's like, I can say, I want to write an ebook about  fat loss for men in their twenties and how to do it aggressively or whatever.
Torin McGlynn: Write me an ebook and it'll just like  spit it out for me. Yeah, wow.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So training project bots and stuff make your life a lot  easier. Cool. So what I would do there is, yeah, basically just change this to what we'll have to do. And you'll need GoHallus, high level set up to this and an automation, and you'll need Zapier to set this up. I've got the guy that will do it.
Torin McGlynn: Have you got Zapier? I do. I've never used it before, but I do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Zapier's confusing. I wouldn't even know how to tell you to create a Zap. I'll just get the guy in there to do it. But essentially, it'll be like, whoever gets to this point, they'll take, create a contact in GoHallus. So it's like, you'll change this to, what email should I send it to?
Torin McGlynn: And then, yeah. And then it's like, it does their cookbook straight to the, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so then I'll go through to go, I'll create the contacts, send the emails, start them into that automation sequence of the emails. And then you'll also say, and then it'll work really well here, because instead of saying, By the way, there's no actual buttons on this.
Torin McGlynn: What? Oh, it's not supposed to be, I don't think.
Kyle Musca: No, it's not supposed to Oh, I guess it's meant to, oh, yeah, sorry. Yeah, I've read that wrong. All right, so it's like, no name, reply. So what you could do here is like, thanks so much, like, I really appreciate your support. I just sent you through that email. If you have any issues accessing, just send me a message here. But then you could get it so the set has come in, like, a day later or something like that, and then manually engage the conversation, like, you know, hey, Rachel, just checked. Did you get that cookbook all good? Did you find that cookbook in your emails okay? Okay. Yeah, I so, like, now you're checking in to, like, start the conversation.
Torin McGlynn: Is there, could you just do a 24-hour wait after you send the link thing to, hey, did you get that cookbook okay? Just to save that one message?
Kyle Musca: I don't think you can do it. I don't think you can set the wait to go that long.
Torin McGlynn: I think you can do 20 hours.
Kyle Musca: Delay in seconds. Yeah, nah. I don't think you can.
Torin McGlynn: There's a, okay, go to action. See the, there's a smart delay thing, but it always  up for me, so I don't know. Yeah, that one, action. One of these, I suppose, like, a smart delay. Set locked field. Pause all automations. No, none of that . Maybe not.
Kyle Musca: Maybe not. Collect. No. I don't think you can because, like, after 24 hours as well, after 24 hours, you can't message through Manichat. So I don't, because I think Manichat, let's ask.
Torin McGlynn: It might be, like, 23 hours, but that's all right.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Oh, yeah. So I don't think it's actual action. It's, uh, yes. Smart. Smart delay. delay. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Oh, I could do days as well.
Torin McGlynn: yeah.
Kyle Musca: 23 days? .
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? You might want to do like, yeah, 26 or something. Maybe you don't like, whatever.
Torin McGlynn: doesn't really matter. I remember I tried to use this for seconds and it just didn't send the message.
Kyle Musca: That's the only issue I have here. But maybe I  it up. Yeah, so it'd be like, hey, Rachel, you can get that email. Wow. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: So that seems to work fine, man. Yeah, let's test it. I'm not going to add that in there. No.
Kyle Musca: That's it. Cool. Okay. Yeah. So basically just let me know when you set up GoHullable and then we'll get Oldmate just to set up that zap and automation. He's actually asked him the other day if he has much experience in GoHullable. He said, yeah, he knows how to operate it all. So if we just say, like, I want you to set up an emailing sequence with all these in there after someone opt-ins from that, he'll be out the door.
Torin McGlynn: He should definitely be Wait, who are saying is able to do that?
Kyle Musca: My guy that set up some automation stuff with me on GoHalo.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool. Cool. Sounds good. Sounds good. So definitely send me the notes to this one because I don't have my Fathom on it. We've got email sequences. I'll add that to every single one of them now. I'll just add it to that one chocolate mousse one so I can copy and paste it. It's crazy the difference in, see that avocado one?
Kyle Musca: Oh, well, you could add the email here. Sorry, the avocado one, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I don't say avocado on that. And then the other ones I do say. It's crazy that that's just as viral as the other ones, but it's just because I haven't said the thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I'll do here, man, is do you get many organic inquiries as well, by the way?
Torin McGlynn: Just, you can actually check out my main chat.
Kyle Musca: It's the transform ones.
Torin McGlynn: I don't know this  all, to be honest. I think it's hard to know. I don't think you probably, um, I haven't been doing any CTAs on my story or anything.
Kyle Musca: I've been awful at stories at moment because I've been setting up all this . That's actually one of the things I wanted to talk to you about today is like  powering through, um, CTAs and stuff. Um, just cause that's like, with your amount of views and stuff, like you could definitely get some high intent people coming through that alone.
Torin McGlynn: Um, instead of, yeah, like 40, 50 K views on my story.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Instead of relying off, like, um, like you could do, like I've done it before. don't get anywhere near as many story views as that. And I've done it before where I've like put an application link and like, if you're interested in coaching, fill this out and like literally over a hundred people have applied.
Torin McGlynn: Um, and that's like high intent for coaching. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I know, I know that my stories have power cause I put up like a physique picture the day for the first time in ages and I got 500 likes on a story. Yeah. So it's like, um, I've been holding off on it because like chatting about it as much because like, it's just not been necessary, but if like. Once we get this coach filled up, we should be pretty good to, like, unroll these players. So the other thing I reckon we start doing, and this kind of works out well because, like, by the time he's back, then we can do, like, a really hard push for it just to try and fill him up a bit more, is I reckon we can try and start planning for a New Year's challenge.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Just to market it because otherwise December would be a really quiet period. And then you can just, again, it's the exact same funnel, same call, everything like that.
Torin McGlynn: Like, you just get rapid in a New Year's challenge. Okay. Do you normally see some drop-off on December?
Kyle Musca: Yes. Well, yes, actually, internally. Yes, people get lazy and stuff and will drop off, tend to. But also, people just aren't in a buying mindset, especially, like, for health and fitness, man. No one wants, when it's December 20th, no one's like,  it, I want to join a health and fitness program right now. You know what So it's like, you can try and, like, bait them by saying, like, well, this is for after New Year's. Let's have a chat now. now. Let's have have have have now. have chat a Let's Let's chat Basically, you may even throw in an offer like, especially, you might want to inflate your prices a little bit and be like, well, it's, let's say you do $3,000, it's $3,300, but if you join now, I'll actually give you this, like the entire December, absolutely free.
Torin McGlynn: I've seen so many coaches do this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Torin McGlynn: You know what mean? So like, we start you up now.
Kyle Musca: You wouldn't market that on the front end though. You would just market the beta of inquire about my New Year's challenge.
Torin McGlynn: And the New Year's challenge is just high ticket offer or are going to do like another challenge for like two weeks or something?
Kyle Musca: I don't reckon we need to. Yeah, I don't reckon we need to. I reckon just straight into a high ticket offer as normal. And then, yeah, and then you don't market that they get a free month or anything like that. That is just on the sales call. Like, oh, like I'm only allowing 20 people into this challenge and we were going to be working very closely. Like, that's why, you know, and that also justifies the price. This isn't just a copy and paste. and We get a PDF program. It's like, off you go. We work with you very closely, every single step of way, exactly how you sell your normal coaching. And then it's like, but because we're only doing 20 people, like it's first come, first serve. So it's like, and you need to push the urgency here because a lot of people will be like, oh, I want to push it off till, you know, later in December of the new years.
Torin McGlynn: It's like, you can do that, but there's not going to be a spot open. Yeah, that was the biggest thing with Tommy. I don't create enough urgency anyway, so it'd be good. And then I can obviously say like, look, most people go gain loads of fat during December, and then they're pretty much their January is just playing catch up. And then why don't we just like set this up?
Kyle Musca: It's an easy objection handle because it's like, well, you know, if you're going to do something about it in the new year, wouldn't it make sense to like actually do something now? Because you're going to get this next month free, so we can actually maneuver it to the best of our ability. So don't completely blow out why you enjoy it. That way you're in a better position to even start in January. Oh, yeah, but like with Christmas coming up, like I just don't have the fun. So it's like, but that doesn't even make sense because it's like, well, you're not going to have any more funds after the  Christmas period.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. And then try to get them on a recurring.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's the same sales process. You just need to understand that you need to push the urgency a little bit more. And like there'll be different, slightly, slightly different objections that come up.
Torin McGlynn: Essentially, you just got to be prepared for them. Yeah. Because I sell like most people on PIFs. I don't know what it is. It's most people I get to pay in full, which is a good thing.
Kyle Musca: I would almost, yeah, I would almost, I would almost stop that for you, to be honest.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. That's how this has been such a big month is that everyone's PIFs.
Kyle Musca: Like that week I did the 30K week and like, it was like 10 PIFs. Yeah. Like it's fantastic and everything, but like you want that reoccurring just so you can kind of like pull back a bit and, you know, you're sweet. Yeah. So like sometimes what I'll do, man, if I'll be like, cool, you know, it's three grand for three months, like sweet. And I'm like, cool. Oh, man. So what I'm going to do is I'm going send you two grand now and then we'll just do 500 months from that point. I'll just like break it down for them just to get their reoccurring out of it.
Torin McGlynn: All right. Yeah. Is it not better to solidify the money anyway?
Kyle Musca: It is, but like at that point, they're very unlikely to pull out. And then the other thing I like about it as well is you don't have to try and resell them on anything. They just continue on after that point. That's true.
Torin McGlynn: I've got someone that we've never even talked. I've got a few people who've never even talked about it and it's like 500 USD a month and just they never have told me to start the payment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, as long as they say something about it, I don't say anything about it. We're just going, we're just continue to go on.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Cool. I actually went on live with Dan Martell on the week.
Kyle Musca: Do you know who Dan Martell is?
Torin McGlynn: I do. He makes like a hundred million a year or something. I went on his live and I requested to join because it was like a Q&A. I was like the first person to go on. And was like, , I'm actually on this live right now. And we took took For like 15 minutes and I told him like look I'm in this like growth, I've grown 400,000 followers in three months like what kind of advice would you give to someone like me who's dealing with like working pretty much all the systems myself and then he was like you're gonna get loads of people that want to take advantage of you and you have to stay in your lane like you're in a like the place of growth and stuff and it was cool to be able to chat to someone of like that level.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, he got in like a little bit of trouble for like blatantly stealing Brian Mark's sell by chat like word for word and then like reselling it as his.
Torin McGlynn: Really?
Kyle Musca: Brian was like pissed about it. was like I like reading script is the most basic like script ever. was like you can't really be angry at someone's  stealing that. wouldn't even work without like proper rewording it anyway. But anyway. Yeah. Cool man. Really quickly on that like we'll talk about the challenge as the weeks come by. Just start prepping that. But like honestly man if you start like and I'll very very quickly show my mind. If If you start pushing it in your, like just your posts like this, I reckon that, and your stories as well, which is what we'll do, I reckon that would go hard.
Torin McGlynn: You know what mean? Oh , of the, is this of the New Year's?
Kyle Musca: So yeah, like essentially this, like, this is about a Black Friday thing, but you'd be like, New Year's challenge now alive.
Torin McGlynn: Did you get many comments there?
Kyle Musca: I asked them to DM me, I don't want them to comment on it.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, good, good, because then people are like, how many people are actually interested? Yeah, your content's been ripping lately. Yeah, I, um, I'll start doing that. We'll chat about that next call as well. I'll get, I'll get all the systems set up. I'll get hardcore high-level set up. Um, I'll probably put a new cookbook in the thing just because thousands of the same people want the same thing. Um, so I can get their emails.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, cool, man. All right, um, anything else you want to quickly run over, man?
Torin McGlynn: Nah, nah, I got a sales call right now, so it may as well go. Yeah, but thank you for everything. Um, this has been a good one. And we finally got the coach, which is the main thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the next thing is just go high-level, man. I'm going to start collecting leads, and then we can start selling off the back end.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. If you could send me those notes or the call as well, that'd be fantastic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, will do, man. All right, man, good luck with that. chat to you very soon. Chat to you soon, bro. Enjoy the rest of your day. You too. Cheers. Bye. Bye.


>>> 26/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-28T05:44:53Z | id:104883006
People: Kyle Musca

Callum Hinze: A few of those scripts done for the chance. meeting is being recorded. I'll have that done ASAP. And then I'll call back up, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Yeah, so we need to get them.
Callum Hinze: Have you got some filmed? Yeah, yeah. I've got the first couple of variants and stuff filmed.
Kyle Musca: I think that was, was that three scripts altogether? Yeah, there should be at least three, yeah.
Callum Hinze: I think there's one more to do. And I'll send them off to old mate to get those done ASAP.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Okay, cool. So, yeah, we'll need them. Ideally, we want to launch by, like, the 1st of December. But, like, yeah, the sooner the better, essentially. And then we'll get some graphics up with it. Funnily enough, you're, I got a fair few things to run over with you, just in terms of what I've been doing in back end. Funnily enough, that the actual ad graphic kind of thing, how we did for your last challenge, actually pulled through. It didn't have heaps of ad spend, but it did have a good cost per lead for the Black Friday stuff.
Callum Hinze: Funnily worshnamed comes Was that the professional one or just the real quick ones I made up?
Kyle Musca: The professional one that Lucky did.
Callum Hinze: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: So we'll see. Again, it's worth having those in there at least. So the other thing, yeah, we'll need to get some actual ad graphics done up for the challenge. So just as usual, but just announcing the challenge essentially.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool. Similar, pretty much similar to the Black Friday one. Just different.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, essentially. With that, again, with the Adromeda update, it's different angles at work. So like you might want to do one's a hard challenge, like a couple that are hard challenge announcements, you know, and play around with it. Is it, you know, the main thing you want to focus on? Is it the transformation? Is it the prizes involved? Is it whatever? Whereas one might be more so about like, are you a guy who's, you know, sick and not seeing results? I've just launched my new challenge. So instead, like it's coming from more of the pain point angle instead of the challenge announcement angle. at Bye. Bye. Every single one should include some element of the challenge. Otherwise, there's no reason for them to message through. But does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Would you be able to send me through maybe a couple of examples or something so I don't forget?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm trying to put together a bit of a refine the graphic thing to send through. So I'll try and get that done up and shoot through. Just ideas, and then you just tweak them accordingly, essentially. How has calls been going this week, man?
Callum Hinze: It's been a quieter one. I shifted them all to Jake this past week, or the last few weeks since being away. And he hasn't, he sold one. He hasn't really taken many, There hasn't been a lot coming through. He's got two rescheduled, I think, from yesterday. I think one might be today. So we'll see how they go. But he hasn't had a lot. But from next week, I'll start doing most of those calls myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, cool. So has he, um... Do you know how many, like, actually booked in this week?
Callum Hinze: For the week ahead? Oh, this week just gone?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: I think he had, like, five, but I think he's only had, like, three show up.
Kyle Musca: And he sold one of them or he sold none of them?
Callum Hinze: He sold one of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so he's only Oh, actually.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, he sold one.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, what I've done is, turn off your Black Friday offer now, just because, kind of, they weren't, by the time they book in the call and stuff, they won't be able to qualify for it, so there's no point in running it on. What I did is, your cost per message is actually, like, very good, like, in terms of their cost per, just, results. But what's happening is, your cost per lead is quite high, like, not crazy high, but it is high, which basically just means that the people that are coming through are just not qualified. So the Andromeda update, again, like from the research I was doing, was basically like, let's just go broad and like let the algorithm take care of it. And I understand why, you know, on paper that sounds good. But essentially what I experienced on my account, it looks like it's happening in your account as well, is when you do that, it's trying to, again, meta is just trying to be meta. It's just trying to look good on paper. So it's like, hey, we got you a bunch of leads, but like they're  leads. And most people don't actually track the actual quality lead on the back end through the ManyChat like we do. So we can obviously see like they're just not good quality leads. So what I've done is I've created like a broad audience that basically still follows the same rules and stuff, like giving it broad enough audience to let the algorithm and AI test it, all the different angles. But they should be more qualified. So I've done one for fitness because that's always been a pretty, you know, high-performing market for you.
Callum Hinze: And then I've also done one for trade interests as well. So they should be financially qualified. Yeah, yeah. So I still always find that... The best leads are always your tradies and your FIFO guys. I don't know if it's the same for you, but they're always willing to pay. They're always serious. They don't really flake too much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Callum Hinze: The trade board.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I've done, I've sort of done that for you. And we'll, yeah, we'll just see. Because I've got one, mine is like business, business owners, like trades do all right for me, but mine's business owner seems to pull through harder, better. And like my broad one, I think my broad cost per lead was like a hundred bucks or something. But my like business owner one was like 23. So it's like quite a significant difference. But in saying that, like, I can see the Andromeda, it seems to like work. It's just like, we needed to just make sure that we're showing the message to the right people to like allow it to work in our favor, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So hopefully it set all that up this morning. Hopefully that. It through a bit more. Should ideally be able to see pretty quickly the results, again, usually within three to seven days.
Callum Hinze: And then if it does, I'll just completely turn off the broad one and we'll just scale those ones. Okay. Yeah. Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that?
Callum Hinze: Nah. Nah. I think that's all pretty cool. Was there any other ads that you were waiting on for me to send you through other than the challenge ones? I think that was all hey.
Kyle Musca: I got them all done. Yeah. The main ones are for sure the challenge one now. Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Will they be like feed-sized ones or story or both?
Kyle Musca: So what you could do there, it depends on how you want to go about it. So as long as they fit in within a feed aspect ratio, so 4.5, we can do it.
Callum Hinze: So if I do this, what I did for that last one? I just... We probably just, if those last Black Friday ones did well, could I just reuse those and reword them, or would it be better to completely refresh it?
Kyle Musca: So, well, this was like a feed sort of thing. Yeah. So like that, it needs to fit within that if you do it like that.
Callum Hinze: Could I almost reuse very similar designs to that, just with the, obviously, the adjusted wording for the challenge? Or is it better off to have something new and fresh to the eye?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would try and like get some new, fresh stuff in there. But like, again, I don't think a crazy amount of people saw this one.
Callum Hinze: So it's like you could. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Whereas if you do something like, is this a video? Oh, okay. It's because we're on feed too. If you do something like this, for example. Okay. So that's a four or five aspect ratio.
Callum Hinze: So we should be able to put that one in a feed post as well. Okay.
Kyle Musca: But. If you did something like this, for example, it would cut off if you did it in a feed post. Yeah. That would all be cut off. And then again, just be careful of not putting it too low here at the bottom because then, again, things will cover up. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah, beautiful. And then there was the carousal. I did turn that one off simply because when I was going through it like this cutoff, ah, okay, yeah. So I was like, ah, there's no point in leaving that on. Like the rest of it was seen pretty fine. But I was like, I'll just turn that off because that will  it a bit. Does that all make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. And then what I'll need to, so after you film the Black Friday ones as well, so not the Black Friday ones, the New Year's ones, we'll probably, we'll pretty much just go straight into getting the retargeting ones. So essentially what I reckon you just do there is, because we'll just do retargeting, people should already be aware of, you know, what it's about. They should have already watched the video or like some degree of the video. So all you need to do there is like just talk straight to the phone and make it like look like an organic as if you are doing a story where you're just talking straight to the phone. And then really push the urgency like, you know, it's the last couple of days to join the challenge, the last 72 hours, it's the last 48 hours, it's the last 24 hours. And then you can come from different angles, one might be, again, here's what this challenge includes, one might be, here's what you can get, like expect by the end result, one might be, here's the prizes included, you know what I mean?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, I remember that we did similar stuff for the last, that little eight-week challenge, I did a whole bunch. Yeah, one day out, 48 hours out, whatever I get.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I don't think it needs to be anything crazy, like just, you know, nice little organic. Natural looking. If you film stuff with Vaughn, you might want to get it done, but same with the graphics as well, like push them like last 24 hours and stuff, get some like final day stuff going up.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Beautiful. Cool. Any questions on any of that?
Callum Hinze: With the, so obviously they're going to be like, for example, the trigger word for the challenge, like it was just challenge. Will there be some form of alternate script just that would send to Klamet to run off if they're inquiring specifically for the challenge? Because she's always just doing the ones now just straight to say well.
Kyle Musca: Say that again, sorry.
Callum Hinze: So for the like DM, DM script for the challenge, would there be like an alternate script that will send through to Klamet for that?
Kyle Musca: Um, no, not really. I don't think like you just let her know that obviously. This is the challenge. This is what's involved, if anyone asks.
Callum Hinze: And that's more up to me on the call to steer it more towards the challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's easy.
Kyle Musca: You might want to say, like, add a little bit of, you don't want to give them too much task or too many, like, you know, moving parts. Essentially, you just want to keep it nice and simple for them.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful.
Callum Hinze: Does that make sense? Yeah, that's fine.
Kyle Musca: That's fine. Cool, man. And then are you going to be, you're pretty much full swing for the rest of the year then?
Callum Hinze: We're good now. Yeah, back to it all. So, I'll spend probably the next couple of days just catching up on little things and then all to the wall, pretty much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Yeah, cool. And then the biggest thing, I do still really want to try that e-book out.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I've got that. I just haven't set that up yet, have I? I do have your guy, though. I messaged him, but I just haven't gone back to him about setting up the automation thing for it. So I just need to build some more content for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So again, the challenge thing is by far the most important in the short term. And then once we've got a little bit of breathing room, then we'll start pushing the e-book stuff. And if at the very least, it means that we're just nice and prepped for the new year.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I know you gave me a bunch of content ideas for that last week, but I haven't done it since being away. But I'll try and smash that one out after I've finished all the challenge stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, bro. Is there any other issues or anything like that you're facing at the moment?
Callum Hinze: Not really, I think. Not really. I think I'll probably, yeah. I think I'll pull Jake out from next week and just do the stuff myself. Unless for any reason, I just get like a massive influx of calls.
Kyle Musca: It's too much to handle. Yeah. Even then, I would find it a different closer.
Callum Hinze: He was handy to have while I was traveling, but yeah, I'll get rid of him for now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That was a painful. That Lesson I had to learn, man, like, you know, he might be a nice guy and stuff, but a poor closer will just, like,  your business.
Callum Hinze: Well, luckily, he made a few sales. I think the good thing was that the period that he was on, it was quieter in the amount of calls that were coming on. So if he did miss a few sales, at least it wasn't as high volume as when I was taking more of it. So it probably worked that good timing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And saying that, like, you know, it's hard to kind of feel comfortable with, but, like, in that, if that was the case, and he's just not performing even on low-volume calls, it's better just to turn the marketing off and let it cool back down a bit. And then, like, you know, you back, you stockpile a few things, and it's like, when you want to turn them on, you can just turn them straight back on.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, because then we can focus on some back-end stuff, like, we can focus on, you know, getting this e-book, like, we're going to shift all our attention to that and getting all the, like, material ready. And you just profit in the back end because you wouldn't need to pay overheads on Komei or ad spend or anything like that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Well, we'll, because the challenge sign-up thing closes like the 23rd of December. So there'll be like a gap between December 23rd to like when the challenge begins. Would that be like almost a smart period to switch ads off or something? Or would there be some other focus within that couple of weeks?
Kyle Musca: I mean, if we've got the lead magnet stuff, we might just play around with that in that period.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. What do you find that period is like between like last week of December and first week or two of January?
Kyle Musca: Is that normally pretty quiet? I'd say even from like the 20th, you know, I mean, just going into that Christmas period. But then I reckon like that's the other thing we'll need to do. So it'll be challenge launch videos, challenge retarget videos. And then I reckon we do a hard push in January for a, you know, second intake because the challenge will start two weeks after.
Callum Hinze: So this
Kyle Musca: The second intake, like, and try and get, like, another 10, 20 guys across the line for the guys that weren't willing to take action.
Callum Hinze: Okay, so say if the challenge, like, if we're saying for now that it closes, the intake closes 23rd of December, would it be smart for us to, like, switch ads off or down for, like, a week or two after and just use the lead magnet stuff for a couple weeks and then ramp it back up?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Okay, sweet.
Kyle Musca: And then the other thing on that as well, we'll have to tag anyone that messages through on that Black Friday, sorry, the challenge stuff in ManyChat because it's, like, if someone doesn't sign or whatever, then it's, like, you've got the opportunity to go back through them and do a bit of a magic hat or something like that in, you know, January.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay. Well, I probably got a month or so worth of leads for the magic hat from November, too, I can probably play with.
Kyle Musca: Have you done anything with your expired clients or clients?
Callum Hinze: Not recently. I know you sent me that script.
Kyle Musca: The other day, though, to try and get them on the Black Friday, which I'll do. Yeah, I would do that because, like, I did it this week and, like, I did it this week and all these purple ones are old clients.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, and they're just booked in to restart.
Kyle Musca: Well, they're just, yeah, booked in to have a chat with them again and then get them on a special offer.
Callum Hinze: So that was, like, just offering them a Black Friday free month thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so depending on what they are, like, if they were on, you know, a good package and they want to go for another good package, then, yeah, absolutely offer them a month free on top of that to reduce their rate. So it's like if they already did $12,000, know, $2,000, for example, then it's like, yeah, cool, man, I can give you four months for $2,000, that's fine. Whereas if they were on, like, low ticket, so I've told my, not a low ticket, but, like, mid, so I told Tommy my clothes up on that, just give them a free program up. Upgrade. it's like, you know, instead of silver, you go to gold and you'd be automatically upgraded to calls and everything like that.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yep. All right. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but that worked really well. So it's like, while things are a little bit quieter, I would definitely like start reaching out, reaching out to them.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Sweet. That's easy to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you have a, would you have to get a like a CSV file with their like emails and phone?
Callum Hinze: Um, yeah, I could put them together.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Cause what I've done is I just got it into context and then you just import it and then you go through that, um, map out their stuff. Like the, it will ask you to map the fields, like the numbers and stuff, and then you just create a smart list and can make it just like message straight off. You can bulk SMS out of that. Okay. You bulk SMS and just send it all at once.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Sick. All right.
Callum Hinze: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Other than that, yeah, not too much to go with since being back from Japan.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, it's good now because it's been, like I said, it's been a week, like, I don't know, November's just been on and off travel. So now we're back, I'm keen to just pump it hard.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: I think since we, well, we started doing stuff in, like, what, January or February, maybe, hey. Yeah. Since we started, my priority has always been, like, bodybuilding and then this, like, work business branding is, like, the second. But I think now I'm back here, I want to sort of switch it. So I want this to be, like, priority. So if you've got any other, I don't know, any other things I could be doing, any other ideas, I want to try and put more time into actually building the brand up more. Although I've still been putting a lot of time into it, I feel like this is going to take first priority over the actual bodybuilding competing side of things now. So if you've got any other, I don't know, things we can try, other ideas or content ideas, I'm down for it. I want to really push it now.
Kyle Musca: Yes. Well, I think the body, obviously being a professional bodybuilder, like works massively in your favor. So it would just be about like establishing yourself as that authority in the space, which I don't think would be very hard to do if you gear yourself towards that sort of content. So one I think like, you know, John, like if you really wanted to, you know, start working towards that, again, focus on, depending on what angle you want to come from, do you want to become like from a more educational standpoint or do you want to come from like a, you know, kind of entertainment standpoint?
Callum Hinze: Like it really depends on what you want to come from. Kind of a bit of both. Hey, I feel like I get told from my current clients that they sign up with me because I want to look like me rather than the educational side of things. But at the same time, like you need to have a bit of educational stuff there to build some credibility. So it's probably a bit of a combo.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like I think if you sat down and did some talking directly. Camera stuff like, you know, John does. Like, I would come to, for you, I would, if I was in your position, I would come here and just, like, look at exactly what he does. How can I make my own version of it?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I'll write that down. You sent me that guy last week, too, who was good.
Kyle Musca: Sean?
Callum Hinze: Was his name Sean?
Kyle Musca: Maybe. This guy.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, he was good.
Kyle Musca: I'll have to get some ideas from him. What is it, Sean? Sean Nable. But then, again, like, the reaction videos, man, they're really in style at the moment. So, it's like, I would get on top of that as quick as possible.
Callum Hinze: And for you, man, like, review bodybuilding content. You know what I mean? Yep.
Kyle Musca: So, something like this, like, these videos go really hard for me. But someone, like, you know, again, if you spoke to it, someone would instantly be able to see that and be like, well, this guy clearly knows what he's  talking about, right?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. And then with that, like the other thing is I reckon you could probably start milking your organics story stuff a lot more as well because, again, you get real, yeah, you get really good like views and everything like that. Like, you know, 20s, 30,000, and then some of them, like you go through periods where they just pop off like 50K consistently, 70K. And then, like every single one of these you should be doing a definite CTA of like, you know, DMEX will apply for coaching or something.
Callum Hinze: I've only just recently started doing that recently.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's like, and they seem like small things, but like, you know, I've started getting into it a lot because I'm teaching some guys how to, you know, just do organic style stuff. So I'm trying to like... I practice what I preach. like even me doing it, I notice there's a lot, like you do get a lot more traction. know what mean? The views are the same, but you get a lot more traction when you actually, you know, actively do promote it. Yeah. So there's that, adding polls to your stuff as well, man, because you'll get more engagement on that. So prompts and polls when you post it.
Callum Hinze: We've spoken about that before. Yeah, I'm like, if you didn't do that, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because that way I had a lot more, yeah, as I said, engagement onto your posts themselves. It's funny. You probably went to Japan around this time, I'd say.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Same stuff. Yeah. Oh, no, I'd say just the view drop off. Because when you go to different countries and stuff, it can be. Yeah. But also like putting up, you know, having a consistently consistent story posting schedule. So for me, mainly. Yeah. Even that, you know, weekly CTAs, like every Monday I do a hard CTA, every Tuesday I'm going to do a questionnaire, every Thursday I do social proof, and then every, you know, Friday I do a sticker tap or something like that. Because you could be like, you know, post a picture of your physique or like tell a bit of a story, know, want results like this, click the sticker and I'll reach out. Or a poll, yes, hell yes. And then every single person, just message off the back end of that and then Kamei can really take over. Okay, yeah. So like I would get a bit of a posting schedule there that you stick to every single week. And you can get creative with them, like it comes down to F at the end of the day. Like what this guy does is really good, you know, he always does a three-story one, which I think is a great idea. So it's like, you know, one conversation with a billionaire changed the way I look at money forever. It's the reason I built a multiple... $50 business so young. That's why I built the most powerful entrepreneur community where I give you direct access to millionaires and billionaires that I interviewed. For Black Friday only, can join for 50% off, only $25. Demi Friday and Adam join. You it tells a bit of a story instead of just trying to like slam all that onto like one post, you know what mean?
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And that's all he posts on his story. Like I check his stories like pretty frequently in his course. Like he doesn't post anything else. Um, and then again, I assume he probably has it in here. How he made it? Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. So, um, I mean, his content just rips because he uses billionaires for it, but.
Callum Hinze: But.
Kyle Musca: Like I'd start doing that and start posting a lot more again for you, especially, I keep saying that, like start spamming your stories with social proof, man. Like I've got one client. Yeah. Aaron, he's been doing this really, really well this last week. And like his leads and stuff have doubled like instantly over the week, just because he's like putting a lot more social proof on his stories.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what mean? So like, and that's a really powerful factor. So it's like, you've got the physique, but if you could just show, you know, the guy and you've got crazy transformations and stuff. If you can just keep pumping that, keep saying consistently, man, people will organically, you know, inquire a lot through you.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And it also works for the ads as well, because if they see you on an ad, they're to come naturally check out your profile and everything like that. They're going to check out your story.
Callum Hinze: If you've got a ton of social proof going on, you might go out,  this guy. That's legit. That's plenty of ideas for me there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like the organics is like the one percenters, you know what I mean? Like doing one once doesn't matter. Doing, you know, all the non-negotiables every single day, every single week on top, like stacking it, you know, accumulates over time.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, of course. All right, cool. Is it worth making like a highlight thing as well if the client progress might fit you don't have?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Because when you make a highlight, I don't know if you've made one before, but you can go back to like through all your old stories that have posted. So you don't have to update it all the time. Like I'll come through here every couple of weeks and I'll just add like another 10 on that I haven't added in the last 10 weeks. And like I haven't done this in ages, like when I last updated this. But yeah, absolutely. Okay. And these aren't even like some of my good transmissions. These are just like regular ones. add some that's a good way. So think I think a a a Cool. The other thing, yeah, I definitely think, I definitely think if you got into bodybuilding, reaction style videos, giving your feedback, giving your opinion on it, then I reckon that would go hard.
Callum Hinze: Okay, I agree with for sure. That's easy.
Kyle Musca: Easy stuff. And people, yeah, again, be polarizing, especially with that kind of content, be polarizing. You people, you want people to be having conversation. want people to severely agree and severely disagree with you.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Stuff I, just off the top of my head, know, natty or not, Olympias, bodybuilding shows, et cetera, et cetera. So if you got into that feed, man, like you'd rip.
Callum Hinze: All right. Write that down to a recap.
Kyle Musca: Because like, you've got this style of content down, but like this content doesn't convert crazy. You know what I mean? You you. The physique itself will sell itself, so you're in a much better position than most. But if you can start talking and stuff, and you can start getting a little bit of a known for the personality side of things, and people can build that actual relationship with you, because if you talk to the camera, people can kind of, and you do it like you're talking to a mate, for example, then people will start to feel like a mate.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Does that all make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, bro. Any questions on that?
Callum Hinze: Nah, that's cool. That gives me a lot of ideas. I'm keen to really pump that sort of stuff out now that I'm back on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then what I would even do, like what I'm doing, for example, is like when I'm filming my videos, I'm creating an ad version, like the literal ones I put on my actual profile, with these talking ones that don't pop off at all, like at all. know. But I don't We'll use them as ads or something like this, for example, where it's like, you know, about a transformation, weight loss. I don't post the ad version on my organic feed, but, you know, I will have it and I've just been saving it here. So like in January, for example, when I'm like out of this challenge and everything, I'm ready to launch new ads. It's like, I've just got all this accumulated. You know, I'm going to play the video, but like, I'm just slowly accumulating in the back end now.
Callum Hinze: Is that a client of yours or that's a review of a random?
Kyle Musca: It's just a review of a random. So again, for, just as an idea. I don't know what you've seen in this, but. Now this might be a little bit of a controversial take, but if anyone ever tells you that you should be taking a cut slow, they either one, have no clue what they're talking about, or two, are trying to sell you that it takes a lot longer than it needs to, so you keep paying money. Three. You know what mean? So it's like, it's a very controversial take that. Yeah. And you'll see in the comments, like people dropping long comments, you know what mean? Which is like how you know you've done a good thing because it's obviously people are opinionated on that topic. And then they'll start arguing amongst each other.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know, you have some people, I always tell everyone, unless you're 13% true body fat, it means you do not bulk, whatever. I like to do really aggressive cut, losing a bit more than one kilo every single week. Whereas this guy's like, if someone's with an eating disorder, like, that's not good. You know what mean? Like, B, tell your actual opinion.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And don't be afraid to, again, like, I mean, you've got a script and everything for this stuff, like gear and stuff now, hey.
Callum Hinze: What's that for a script?
Kyle Musca: Like testing stuff.
Callum Hinze: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so there's nothing stopping you from, again, I wouldn't  go out there and promote it and come from a dodgy angle. But there's nothing stopping you from talking, you know, about that kind of realm, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And again, just being like controversial, if you spoke to someone who had a crazy physique or maybe it was a crazy lift or something and you were talking about like their natty or not status, man, people love talking about that . You're going to get a lot of comments on that. And then you even get the haters, like, what do you  know about that? And it's like, obviously, they look like a divorced middle-aged alcoholic, but they still, you know, engage on your content and that pushes it further. You know what mean?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, you know, what I've noticed about this stuff as well is people start associating with you, because I can review this. don't know if I'm having some  with this guy at all. I don't even know who he is, but people start associating that transformation with you. You know what mean? You become the person that gives that inspiration. Like, I don't educate. I stop educating completely in my reels. Like, sometimes I will, depending on the topic, you know, if it makes sense to do. So, something like this, for example, I did talk about, like, you know, just lifting normally. Like, wasn't sitting there talking about how, like, , you know, resistance profiles and tension and, you know, getting into all the nitty-gritty of I just kept a very, like, base level of, like, you don't need to do this . You just do a normal basic lift and take it to fail.
Callum Hinze: You'll be fine. What's the app you're using, again, to download the videos off Insta? Because the one I've been using is not good.
Kyle Musca: Mine's InstaSave. But I think the old one that I told you to use as well. So, yeah, it, like, I don't know, must have gotten taken down or something.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I downloaded a weird one, which was no good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's this one.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah, I found it now. Look at that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that one's free, so.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, the one I had was bad, but I'll use that.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. Cool. Yeah. But, yeah, does that all make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, it does. It gives me plenty of ideas.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Cool, man. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I think I'm pretty good with that. That's crazy. That is crazy.
Kyle Musca: But I'd love to see you do a mix of, like, reacts, some voiceovers, and, like, even just talking straight to the camera like Sean does and John does.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And then, again, especially those talking to camera ones, man, I reckon double them up as an ad. You know what mean? Figure a way to come out as an angle of, like, you know, education, motivation, inspiration, whatever you come out, make it your own. But add an ad part onto it so you can use it as an ad. You don't post the ad so we can have those things to use in the back end. And then, you know, think of it as, like, oh, , I've got to make content. It's like, well, I'm making content, yes, but I'm also making an ad, so it's a pretty efficient task to do.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, true, true. I find that stuff fun anyway. As long as I've got the inspiration. And, like, the right, I guess, framework of what content to make, it's enjoyable.
Kyle Musca: It's just knowing what to do. Yeah. Yeah. If you went to Sean's and John's page, I'm sure you probably know some other bodybuilders and stuff you'd want to look at who do that type of stuff. If you did that, I reckon you'd be sweet.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: All right. We'll to work on that. The other thing as well on that last thing is it doesn't necessarily need to go viral as well because, like, someone like, you know, someone like Brie, she gets, like, barely any, like, not much gauge at all, comparative, at all. You know what mean? This is, oh, it's not her thing. This is her actual coaching account that we run ads through. But, yeah, you know what mean? Nothing insane by any means. But because when girls come onto these, you know, this page, You can very clearly see she's a coach, she talks, you know, so they can build a relationship with her and stuff. Her cost per lead is like crazy low. So it's like, it doesn't need to necessarily, like you should treat your Instagram homepage as like a place to build rapport and a relationship with your clients.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Not clients, sorry, with, yeah, potential clients.
Callum Hinze: Yep, yep. All right. Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: And then the other thing. We'll ruffle some feathers. me. And then the other thing, man, is reaching out to the guys in your team and asking who they know that would be keen on getting some coaching as well. Like you could definitely squeeze some clients out of referrals if you haven't done that before. And that's something that takes, you know, a little bit of time to build the culture of referrals. You know what I mean? Like one up. Again, one ask, you know, you might get one or two, but like if you just continuously asking, you know, every fortnight or something like that, you speak to Liam, make sure he's talking about telling them to, you know, refer guys on and keeping it top of mind and everything like that, then it should become a community where it's just normal to refer other guys on. And I come up from the angle of like, you know, I found that when, you know, you guys bring your mates on and stuff, it adds to this community of guys who are working towards becoming a better version of themselves. Like, I don't want just anyone in here. I want this to be a really strong, you know, again, community where we're all, you know, uplifting each other or whatever, whatever you say.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, cool. That's easy to do too, aren't they?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like I literally just dropped in the group chat and I was like, hey, you know, here's a, here's a form. If you've got a mate,  get them to fill this out.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. And then you could even potentially, you could, do you use jot form or type form?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, jot form.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I've. Um, done here, man. And it's like, this is what I've been doing last like week or two is just like, how can make this process so simple for guys that, and that there's no like friction at all, et cetera, et cetera. What I've done, man, is I've created a referral form. So on my, so for example, on, let's get here, on my check-in forms at the very top above it, I've now added like, if you've got a mate who's keen to dial things in, get them to fill out this application. I'll swing you $250 if they end up joining, right? It's also on the thank you page after they submit it. Then, um, once they go, so if it's a referral form or VIP application form, both, both the same. Um, where's the referral form? Here we go. So if I go straight into this, what you can actually do is on the next step part, you can just add So it's like, cool, next. And then it's just going to take me straight through to booking a call.
Callum Hinze: Easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then on the application form, the actual VIP one, this is a step ahead. And I do, again, that many chat guy, sorry, not the many chat guy, the zappier guy, can set this up for you if you want. But then what I've done is, I mean, it's probably fine for you because you're managing yourself, like if you have clothes on, for example. Then once they fill out that form, they automatically come. Yeah, they automatically come into here. So I just filled out that form.
Callum Hinze: I'm here now. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Don't delete me. Don't confuse it. Don't delete me. So yeah, just even making it like super easy for them, just like again, streamlining the process, they don't need to, you know, message me, I don't need to message anyone, it's just like, they book a call, if they don't book a call in from that, then yeah, I'll go message them, but, yeah. Sweet man, any questions on any of that? Simple stuff. Beautiful. But yeah, I think, if you did all that stuff, man, you'd be sweet. And again, I think big thing is social proof on your story, is just try and spam that. Anytime someone's dropped away, grab that screenshot of Chuck it on. Anytime someone says they're killing it, you know, love the program, screenshot, Chuck it on your story. Anytime, you know, you're doing a check-in, screenshot that you're working, make it look like you're working hard as well, you know what I mean? And all that stuff.
Callum Hinze: Okay. We'll do, we'll do.
Kyle Musca: we'll we'll we'll do, we'll we'll do. Anything else you want to touch base on at all?
Callum Hinze: Nah, for now, that's pretty cool. I'm going to go smash the rest of these scripts now, actually, for the challenge and have those done ASAP.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. All right, bro. If you have any questions, just sing out. Otherwise, I'll keep playing around with this ad structure, and hopefully that pulls through with a better audience.
Callum Hinze: Awesome. Awesome. All right. Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Thank you for that again. No worries, bro. Enjoy the rest of I'll chat to soon.
Callum Hinze: Thanks again.
Kyle Musca: Speak soon. Sorry. One last thing. I'm going to Canada on Monday, man. So 2 p.m. over there is like 8 a.m. here. Would you be able to do morning calls by chance?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Or what day?
Kyle Musca: Thursday? Yeah, we can make it Thursday if you'd like.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. What time's best?
Kyle Musca: Would you be able to do 9 a.m.?
Callum Hinze: 9 a.m.?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I can do that. Yeah. Okay. So that makes it easy.
Callum Hinze: 9 a.m. Thursday. Sorry, 9 a.m.
Kyle Musca: Australian time, hey? Yeah, yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yep, done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'll update that now. Awesome. And then I'm going to like try and work like late over there. So it should be fine anyway, but.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that'd be fine. Slot that in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome, bro. All right.
Callum Hinze: Enjoy your weekend. I'll chat to you soon. All right.
Kyle Musca: Awesome.


>>> 27/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-28T07:10:12Z | id:104885796
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
josiah narkowicz: Yo.
Kyle Musca: How's it have man?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it's been solid. It's been a solid day. Um, yeah, it's  hot though. And I don't, I don't have air con at my crib. Like I'm about to go get a, one of the portable air cons from Bunnings.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah.
josiah narkowicz: It's  today. Sitting in the lounge room, sweating profusely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's rough, man.
josiah narkowicz: I played a bit of golf, um, few clients in the morning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's been solid. So. Yeah. Cool, man. Beautiful. Well, Matt, how has this week gone overall?
josiah narkowicz: It's looking pretty good from the outside. Yeah, it's been good. Usually I'm kind of, this time of year is a bit more, there's not as much going on, you know, but I think we're putting out like double the output as we were, you know, a month or two ago. So, in terms of content and, you know, front-ending the lead gen. So, we're reaping the benefits of that heading into December and early Jan. So, I don't want to take my foot off the throttle. I know a lot of coaches do this time of year, but it's been a great week. Yeah. Cracked 5K.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice, man.
josiah narkowicz: wild.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's sick. mean, 20K was the goal, man. So, you know, if we can stay consistent, especially through a period like this where... You know, things theoretically should be calming down. Like that's, you know, I think that was like our six-month goal or something, like a three- to six-month goal. So if we're doing that, you know, that's  awesome. And then, again, man, as long as you've got the content foundations there and you've got the cash flow coming through, it's like we can dabble in ads. And that's when you can really rapidly grow. Again, you've just got to have the foundation being built before you do it.
josiah narkowicz: I totally get that, bro. Yeah, I'm locked in with that. So, yeah, 10 videos done. I've got like a bunch of new ideas. So I feel like I'm in a good rhythm with that now. Yeah, I just needed some  accountability.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful. I also think that, you know, your account seems to engage well. Like some people, like they can put out good content and just Instagram just does not  with their hands. But like even – You know, putting up that lead magnet and getting, you know, 20 comments off that. Like, that's very solid, man. Let me pull that up.
josiah narkowicz: Only off 2K views or something as well. So, yeah, I guess, yeah, the CTA was dialed in. Yeah. So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: And then, yeah.
Kyle Musca: With those, I'd be careful. I'd be, I'd be not careful. I'll try and split your content up a little bit more. So, cause like, what happens is like, you'll film, you know, two of these kinds of videos. And then you'll film two of these kinds of videos. Like, try and split them up. So, like, you know, your followers are seeing a different piece of content. Cause otherwise this one, for example, look exactly like this one.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just like, just looking at it now. Um, Cool, man.
josiah narkowicz: I filmed like a few of those, but like a different T-shirt, different T-shirt and that, different hat. So I guess, yeah, trying to switch it up a little bit, but I guess we're just in a testing phase of what's going to hit and what's not going to hit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I noticed you talk about like, you know, like busier mums and like kind of women in their, by the sounds of their like 40s and stuff. Is that more of your demographic of clients?
josiah narkowicz: It's pretty half and half, I'd say, but I feel like online, definitely it's more geared towards females. The people that seem to be engaging with my , I tend to be more female. Like when I go in and look at the actual ratios in the professional dashboard, I can see that it's more females engaging with the content. It was only by... I was towards males because that's who I was running my  ads to. And I feel like females spend half or double the time of what men do on their phone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and they also spend more money on that  as well.
josiah narkowicz: Exactly, exactly. Because they're all, and then I'm using more, they're more responsive to language, like balance and, you know, optimising your hormones and all that sort of stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yeah. What age group is your main audience?
josiah narkowicz: Between 25 and 35.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
josiah narkowicz: Okay. And the next best is like the 35 to 45 or whatever the . But face-to-face, completely dialed in business owners. So, yeah, there's not many. Like, you know, mums that can afford the training.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Okay. So, again, that's a good demographic to be in. And one thing I've kind of found is, like, don't try and, you know,  swim upstream if there's no need to it. So in terms of, like, you know, if women are just naturally attracted to, you know, 25 to realistically 45, they're naturally attracted to what you're putting out there.
josiah narkowicz: No point in trying to go  market to men. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: So, Zara can just double down on that. And then start looking at, he's not, he gives, like, , in terms of, like, coaching ethics and stuff. Awful advice. But he makes a  killing of it because he just targets, like, you know, women in their 40s and 50s that go through menopause and stuff. Oh, no, it's not this guy. What's his  name?
josiah narkowicz: So, should I put in my bio, like, helps?
Kyle Musca: Busy, professional mums. I'd be careful with that terminology. You know, helps depending on... So, for example, these calls that came through, were they all women? Were they male? What were they?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, so... Two female, three male.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so yeah, I wouldn't cut it off there because, I mean, three males, it's you're still getting...
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I'll keep it as male and female. Like, I'm not going to explicitly say that on my...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if this doesn't... If I can't find him in a second, I'm not going to get him  going down this route. But he does, like... He does, like, kind of the lead-making things and, like, gets so many  DMs off it. It's crazy. see. Where's the prick?
josiah narkowicz: Where's
Kyle Musca: Just because I, like, I've, it could just be a me thing, but like, you know, it's happened to me a few times where I've followed someone and then they send me a message immediately.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, so it's ran 15 times.
Kyle Musca: So can I, I'll take over here. Here, can you accept this, please? Beautiful. So what we can do here. Did that work? Did you accept it?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it looks like you're controlling it, so. Kyle is controlling your screen.
Kyle Musca: Oh, there we go. It's just delayed as. Are you doing that?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I was doing it. So it says you're controlling it, but I'll just try and do it again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then let me try and request. Thank very much.
josiah narkowicz: Oh, I have to allow the accessibility to grant access.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's okay. Don't worry about that. I'll just point to it then. Stop on my controller. Yeah, cool. So if you click on the 15 here.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, system settings. Don't worry about it or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, don't worry about it.
josiah narkowicz: I'll just point with the thing here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You go click the 15. And then that will put, and then just like click on these and open them up. Sorry. Okay. So what you would do then is, and is it whenever you do something like this in ManyChat, so hang on, get out of there. You always just want to tag them. So you've got a smart delay there. What I would do is... is... is... What I would do is... What I would do is... do... What I would like to... You So click Edit Automation, and then go this little plus, and then go Action, Fiscord, and there should be Action, yeah, and then go, yeah, press this Action here.
josiah narkowicz: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, hang on, you're have to click out of that. Yeah. Oh, go Action. You're on that, yeah. And then go Contact Data, go Add Tag. Then just type in your tag, new follower. Cool. Tag. Now go on. on. So, yeah, connect this arrow to this, and then, like, basically slot that in there.
josiah narkowicz: So, this one to this? Yeah, and then this one, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then grab that one. So, you see the one of this, yeah, and then connect that. You'll have to delete it. yeah, yeah, yeah, perfect. And then, yeah. Beautiful. So, and then, okay, go update. And then go, um, you have to click out of it, and then come back into it. Yep. Now, click on this 15. And then go tag these contacts. And then just type in that new. Oh, it should only be one.
josiah narkowicz: I can't see , because the , um, John and Wayne. Oh, yeah, here we go.
Kyle Musca: Oh, was that the right one? Go cancel, go, wait, same, so, yeah, and then go new follower, no, if you click that, can you just click new follower, yeah, there you go, yeah, yeah, beautiful, cool, and then get out of that, and then, sorry, can't do that, and then go contacts over here, see that, yeah, then you go filter, go condition, go tag, new follower, did I say one, oh, I didn't tag them, oh, that's  annoying, can you create a duplicate tab?
josiah narkowicz: A what, mate?
Kyle Musca: A duplicate tab, so if you, like, right-click on it, dock-click on it, on the tab up here, and then, oh, no, sorry, right-click on this one, oh, yeah, and then, oh, I'll say duplicate, yeah, and then go back into automation, because it didn't tag those for So if you go back into the automation.
josiah narkowicz: Yep. Better.
Kyle Musca: So and then you click on these 15. No, no, didn't need to edit. And then, yeah. Tagged with new flow. Okay. So cool. Now when you refresh that, they should go into that other tab and refresh that. Oh, filter. Condition, tag. Why is it coming up with one? That's so  annoying.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Go, go, click on here. And then go say hi to new followers. That should be fine. should be the same thing. Yeah, and then we'll just read through these. So just like when you click on them, it should ask you to like open up their, yeah, start chat. Oh, actually, better way to go about it actually is go filter here and then go condition and then add a tag. yep, and they go, yep, that one, yep. And then one and it came through. That's incredibly  annoying.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I don't know why it's not coming up with the other, others. What you can do though is just come into, yeah, get rid of this condition, this filter, just, yeah, get rid of it. And then we'll just scroll through. Do you get a lot of messages?
josiah narkowicz: My  DMs right now.
Kyle Musca: That's why the filter's good. Essentially, I just want to, like, see how many of them have replied, which, again, I'm not sure why it's not  tagging, because that would make this whole.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Do you just want to see my Instagram, like?
Kyle Musca: Well, it should come up here anyway.
josiah narkowicz: So, all?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, for example, like, Shev here. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm Mm Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
josiah narkowicz: To be honest, there's not many, like people are getting the meal guide, but they're opening it and getting them to send the link.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So essentially, just keep a close eye on it. You just want to see like, you know, how many people are actually responding. If a fair amount of people are responding off that first message and actually engaging in it, then fantastic, it's working. But if you're getting like a lot of like, you know, people just not responding to it, that's when I would kind of be like, okay, you know, it's probably not worth the impact that will potentially happen on the content, if that makes sense.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, so like the 1500 one is working well. That's more of like a follow-up one because the message that just gets sent, it's literally just tap below and get sent the link. There's no other message attached to it. But the idea is that he'll basically go in and message them. After that, or a few days later, or noticed you downloaded a few resources, how's it all going? Blah, blah, blah. Rather than being like, , buy my  straight away. And then the other thing was the auto DM. Like if we go into this here, the one we just edited.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'm all for the lead, Magnum One. Like if they've engaged with you for some reason, it's like, that's, you know, open territory. How's it sent?
josiah narkowicz: 206 times. Yeah, because I recently changed it like two days ago. Before, before actually was a good response rate. And before it was just, hey, such and such. Um, welcome. Thanks for following. Are you? Oh, are you? Are you just here for the vibes or are you actually working on something specific with your fitness goals right now? So that was actually a good response rate. I reckon if you get 100 followers and 80 of those people get messaged, I reckon 20, 30% of those people reply. I reckon that's a good, I reckon that's in the green.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, it would be based off like what are the other, you know, 70 to 80%, you know, feeling from it. Because if the other 70, 80% are like, oh, if I engage with this guy now, I know he's going to message me and like  ask me for . Yeah. If that makes sense. So that's my concern. Because I, you know, I'm fully for that you could definitely pick up and convert, but it's kind of like chasing the carry, kind of like almost going in for the kill a little bit too soon. Whereas like if they follow, then your content's automatically going to be.
josiah narkowicz: You retarget it to them more. So it's like if you have all these opportunities up in your story, as simple as click this sticker and I'll message you, then it's like if they are keen on it, then they should surely take action on that. So what you're saying is don't even send a follower DM?
Kyle Musca: I mean, you can test it out for a week and we can just see how it goes. So with this, what I can do is put edit automation. And then what you can do... Oh, maybe you can't do it off this one. Click on this here. Okay, because, yeah, you might not be able to do... Yeah, okay. Yeah, because it must be the type of message. So it's like based off the follow, not a DM, which is annoying. So what I wanted to do there is, you know, you can basically have a next step, say like user replies, and then we could have like actually seen the percentage of how many people reply on that. Or, what does it say? Health and fitness DMs always open. I check them daily, so never hesitate to ask. I'll always be doing my best. Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: It's more of like, hey, welcome, you do you kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Like it's not for anything or a follow-up or whatever. Yeah. So something like that is not bad. Like it's just like, hey, thanks for being here. Appreciate your support. If you need a hand, reach out. So that's fine. I don't see that being too detrimental. Yeah. As long as the, and then again, just monitor it. Because as long as the DM set is not going in there again and just start , don't have. Don't
josiah narkowicz: He's, he's  toey for calls. Like he's already, I've already sent him  like $500. He's toey for more. So I'll just need to have a bit of it. Well, I've got a chat with him after you. And I also gave him like a check-in form to send me of like all these numbers for the week. And so we're, we're pretty dialed in with it. But yeah, obviously just beta testing certain replies and what's going to get a higher open rate and, and that sort of thing. But I keep telling him like, Hey, look, once ads are pumping, you're just going to have inbounds and it's going to be a lot easier. Whereas with organic, you're just going to be a bit more resourceful and there might need to be different like openers for different situations.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. I mean, to be honest with, uh, with, with ads pumping, like I would. If we were pumping ads, I would say, like, get him out of the setting because 10% is way too high. At that point, like, you could get a full closer on. I pay my closer 10%.
josiah narkowicz: Right.
Kyle Musca: And then how – it depends on how much you're – and how often you're paying him, man, because if you're paying him $500 a week, you might as well just get actual  DM setters in there because I get – my DM setters are, like, $5 USD an hour. Yeah, man, so it's, like, that's an option as well.
josiah narkowicz: Or just – yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
josiah narkowicz: Is that something we're going to work on eventually?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, I've got a full team of DM setters and stuff, so it's, like, if we run ads and stuff and you get in the volume, it's, like, cool, they're already trained.
josiah narkowicz: We can just plug them straight in. They can go for it. Yeah. He is  me off a little bit already.
Kyle Musca: In terms of he's getting too toe-y?
josiah narkowicz: There's that, but there's also, like, some of the replies he's sent, I've just had to give him a lot of feedback on. Like, I would never – I'll say that kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: So there's two options you can do here. One, I've got my DM setters, they do it for better. Depending on how, the more volume you give the setters, the better they'll get, like the better rate you'll get. So my DM setters do it between 5 to 7 USD an hour, and between 25 to USD per close. There's that one, or there's another team that I know of, I've got a couple guys using them, and it's just a flat rate of just $15 an hour. But with that one, like you work, they fully go and, so both of them will find the DM setter. With that one, they fully go and like source the DM setter for you. They make sure they've got previous training in it. They train themselves. They do like review calls and stuff with them to make sure that they're like, you know, staying on top of things. And then they'll give you people, and you can interview, and you pick the person that you like the most.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I'm doing it the  hard way at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, if you want, I can always give you that contact earlier if you want a DM setter in there.
josiah narkowicz: Maybe I just stop being a   and actually respond to some people.
Kyle Musca: That would work as well. But, like, again, I understand that DMs are  tedious. Like, I don't look at them, and when I do, it pisses me off. So, yeah, those are just options. You know, if the guy does piss you off or you find he's getting too money-hungry for sales, then, you know, right?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I am sensing that a little bit. Yeah, I mean...
Kyle Musca: The good thing about that is the guy gets paid regardless. So, it's like, you can be like, I just want you to offer a lot of support. I don't want you to be too hungry for the kill. He doesn't get  paid difference. Like, he's there doing his job.
josiah narkowicz: Like, your ones that you plug in or...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so there's no commission on... Like, there's two. There's one that has it commission-based, and there's one that's not commission-based. So it's like, for that one, they're not going to be, you know, hungry to try and do a hard sell in the DMs because, like, they should just be doing their job to a good quality.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, like, I'm coming off as a thirsty , yeah, like, hey, it's been pretty bad, some of the ones. I've had to pull him up on it already, so. Yeah. Although, two closes in a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's walking that fine line of, like, where can we actually get some leads without, you know,  everything long-term? Because, like, the thing I don't like about the cold outreach, man, is if you take your closest followers, your engaged followers, and you just start trying to sell them stuff, you're going to lose all that. And then your Instagram will lose all its traction. And because Instagram is now saying, wow, these people aren't engaging with this content, it must be . It won't push out into the algorithm further, and you just ... And ... ... You know, get yourself, like, locked in a pit where you just can't get out of.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I'm almost, like, just from what we've talked about today, I'm more inclined to just pull the  pin on him and say, see you later. And then, yeah, one of these people that are literally, what, 15 US an hour?
Kyle Musca: No, 15 Australian. think it's 10 US an hour. I'll post your contact because you will talk to the guy.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I've got 200 a week to give to this guy. me. How are they making money?
Kyle Musca: They're Filipino, You outsource that to them.
josiah narkowicz: Oh, true.
Kyle Musca: I pull it. But Filipinos are great, because they're, like, highly educated and they speak English fine. And then, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: They probably sound more like me than I actually sound like myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And you'll, like, work with them. So, like, you give them feedback and they will, you know, they will... Constantly get better with it as well.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I think that's going to work for me a lot better rather than having to train him up from scratch and then he's too toe-y for the sales.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like you could just kind of say like, and again, we can build like chatbots and stuff for this as well and like teach it and educate and stuff. So basically, he should feed all the answers and responses back through a chatbot to make a really nice reply. So they spend more time doing that  as well.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, a bit more dialed in.
Kyle Musca: Whereas you get someone for the West, they're like, yeah,  just like half-arsy, you know what I mean? So in that sense, like the outsourcing is great.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Charles, my guy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so he will just send a message, say I sent you. I think it was a little bit more expensive, but just our sentiment is an affiliate thing of like $15.
josiah narkowicz: be $15. know, at The week, I think. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Any questions on that stuff?
josiah narkowicz: The DM stuff, not really. I think it's too early to tell how that opener is going to go. I like your approach of like not, because yeah, I can see how if you're  too many people off, you've got all these new followers, and then you're going in for the queue way too early. And they're going to be less likely to engage further. So if you've got someone that's purely commission-based, yeah, a bit of a desperate energy. We don't want that around here. So I feel you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Closers, you want commission-based. But setters, you kind of want like, so my ones are hybrid. pay them flat rate and a commission on top. So it's like they're still being paid. I don't you to be a crazy pusher or anything. Beautiful. Sigmund, come back into this. Yeah, so your lead magnet, that's a pretty simple process. Yeah, I would just say send it to them and then you have a DM setter that messages them back in the back end saying, you know, did you get access to this? What are you working towards? Stuff like that, they've engaged with you. So it's like, cool, man, we're  good. You've given them something of value, it will trigger reciprocity and you're more likely to get a response out of that. And then again, you can train a DM setter and be like, if it doesn't go anywhere, like, just don't try and hard sell it. Just be like, you know, if you ever need any advice or anything, feel free to send it out of here. I mean, that would be a strong, healthy ecosystem for a DM setter.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, goes a long way.
Kyle Musca: Build the trust. Yeah, perfect. Cool, I'm working on this. Close rate's really high though, which means that the sales that you're getting on are, quality, I haven't even, I haven't even really got into this. Sales side of things, man, because your sales have been, like, so high, which is fantastic.
josiah narkowicz: That's my , bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. We'll power through this. I might even, like, I'll show you some sales scripts and DM scripts. we'll power through this. New clients, Ticket over 5k recurring milestone over 40 clients in the same week. So that's  awesome. 40 online clients, 40 total clients.
josiah narkowicz: So I'm at, I'm still, I've still got 15 or 16 face-to-face clients. Oh, no, sorry, 14 face-to-face clients and around 25 where the rest of it makes up, what's that? 25 plus 15, that's 40, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: That's it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, so about 25 online, and they're all recurring online. And then I've got my 16 face-to-face, and three of the face-to-face do paid in fulls. And I've got one guy that gives me, like, 10 grand cash every 10 weeks.
Kyle Musca: Oh, , that's all right, eh?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So, like, I don't want to leave this guy. But, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. , that's very, very solid. Cool, organic videos, 10 filmed in two hours, so just pumping them out there. Black Friday, got some interest, people engaging in my content. Well, yeah, man, again, volume's there, so it's like, if you're getting 10, I'd even block out a second block, man. Four hours, you get 20  gold.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. No more.
Kyle Musca: Much this week, content-focused, optimising, DM setting, yep. I think I'm much this week, six, really solid 5K with buffer. Get 45 clients and go over, don't ever  go below that again. Head on my content, fully get 100 new videos filmed. Sleep better, stop staying away, yeah, definitely. Personal life, shitstorm currently, but getting  done regardless, so, yeah. Again, unfortunately, that's just the choice of owning your own business, man. You gotta, like, leave that  at the door and just  keep doing the non-negotiables, you know, you're not always sprinting towards the finish line. That's easier said than done, but. Yeah. I mean, did you need to, like, any, like, I guess, handle with any of that stuff, like, manoeuvring any of that stuff, or?
josiah narkowicz: In regards to, like, the business stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, you know, if you're time poor or anything like that around that.
josiah narkowicz: time poor?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, around the... Personal-to-business-life ratio.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I've just got a lot on at the moment in the background. So, yeah, I think I've still got time to get it done regardless. It's just that I need to manage my energy and, you know, sleep better. And I'm pretty good at prioritising my schedule, but last week I didn't do my weekly review and I just felt a bit lost. I felt like I was, like, backtracking, but still a good week of sales because I had a few referrals come in and, you know, so that it's so good when that happens, but you can't be relying on that .
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Yeah. You got a few referrals come in as well?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Since putting it in the check-in form, people are, people are, like, yapping away about it. So, yeah, I'm running the internal challenge. yeah. and In December, and I've got another big one in February. So that's the internal challenges, and I'll implement the point system in that. On TrainerEyes, you can do a point system. So, you know, yes, they get points for logging their calories, but also they get points for tagging me in stories. So you get, you know, accountability factor, plus you can win cash or win free weeks or win a tub of protein or whatever the  it is. So I love doing that .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, sick, man. Yeah, beautiful. That will help massively just with the internal side of things. Again, you'd be surprised with how many, how, like, many clients you can get from having, like, a referral type thing. Like, for instance, another guy I work with, he's I've a client that has 2,000 followers, man, and she, like, posts reels about it all the time, and he's gotten 40 clients off her alone. So it's like, and that's what referrals will be, man. Like, out of 10, only one person might refer her, but, like, that one person could be a feeder. And if that's the case, they'll just feed you  10 clients.
josiah narkowicz: You know what I mean? I love feeders.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, you want to find the feeder, and you just want to treat them really  well. You want to keep feeding them. Cool, man. What I'll do is I'll show you this. I've got a few different DM scripts, all right?
josiah narkowicz: So... Mate, before we do this, can I just grab my charger?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, go for it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank You
josiah narkowicz: me, it is that  hot.
Kyle Musca: It's good here, I'm like in an MVP, so I just can pump the aircon.
josiah narkowicz: My old place, back when I was with my baby mama, had the air ducted aircons, everything was  sick. Yeah, my new apartment, it's got nothing, a fan, but that's about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but not tough.
josiah narkowicz: It's not going to kill it.
Kyle Musca: So, this is my lead magnet, DM, right? Yeah. I'm to keep it a little bit more conversational and then transition to it. So, it's more so like, you know, hey, just checking in, did you get that, is it a 1500 calorie meal plan?
josiah narkowicz: It is. So, obviously geared towards women.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, hey, you know, just checking in, did you, were you able to access that meal plan or good? Perfect. Like, yeah, I assume because you got that, you know, you're trying to drop some weight.
josiah narkowicz: Again, you have to wet it to your target audience.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I guess what, like, what have you been sort of struggling with so far? So realistically with, like, DM setting, it's like goal, struggle, qualification, try and book call, right? So you kind of want to always follow that. You don't want to get into the position where you  ramble too much. There's an issue I see a lot of people do is they, like, try and conversate, like, too much. You've got to kind of remember that every sort of back and forth is one extra point of friction, right? So we want to just, we want to add just enough friction that we're qualifying and we're not wasting our time with the people we're jumping on calls with, but not so much that we're losing calls with people that could have potentially became a client because they just didn't reply. So it's like, you know, what, you know, I assume, it seems like you're trying to drop some weight. guess, you have a goal weight in mind or something like that? What's your biggest struggle in mind so far? Oh yeah, that's fair. I hear that a lot. You're definitely not the only one dealing with that.
josiah narkowicz: So make it feel normal about that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, have you tried anything else to sort of fix it besides diet plans? Again, reword it accordingly. This is just more of a framework to follow. What else have you tried? Just conversational. Appreciate you sharing that. You've clearly been putting in the effort. You haven't had the structure of guidance to match it yet. What do you do for work? So this is probably the best financial qualifying question I like to ask. Simply because when you're trying to financially qualify, you want to avoid them coming back and saying, what does it cost? What do you charge or whatever, right? Because you don't want to go down that avenue of conversation. Because it's like, what do you do for work? Are you stuck in the office? Or again, I work with a lot of dudes, so flogging yourself out in the tools all day, right? Yeah. Yeah. for 2025. Me.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What do you do for? Because it's highly active stress. I find that can play a huge role. So when you ask that, you kind of want to justify why you're asking it. I find that plays a huge role when it comes to trying to lose some weight. So if you're talking to women, it comes to hormone fluctuation and weight loss. You know? Again, this is where it's good to have a good DM setter because it's like if they're not qualified, no worries. You know, that meal plan should help you out massively. If you need a hand in the future, just feel free to sing out because then maybe they get a job in the future and who do you think they're going to come back to? Let's say, oh, I work as a nurse. Oh, yeah. Oh, okay. Gotcha. Definitely makes a difference with energy routine and food prep. And like a lot of the nurses I've worked with, you Usually struggle with managing that while juggling the workload.
josiah narkowicz: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Everyone feels like their job is pretty  hard to juggle around, right? It's also good to feed these things through ChatGPT and actually having a personalized response, right? So I've got a bot that they feed it through. Once we cleared that up, had some proper accountability and difference was like night and day. Out of curiosity, have you ever thought about getting a coach to sort this properly? So now we're trying to like see into the, you know, have you thought about getting a coach? Right? You've given them something of value. You've conversated with them to try and give them advice. haven't actually given them any advice, but you know, and they feel like you have. And now you're transitioning into the idea of have you ever just thought about getting a coach? Yeah, I've thought about it, but like, you know, X, Y, Z. Yeah, I get you. It's not for everyone. But if you're, if this is something you're serious about fixing, I can definitely save years of trial and error. And then you, again, you might want to like soften this here because I kind of want to, if I'm jumping on a call, I want them to be proper interested. incredibly��는ke. want we're I might want to be like, well, more than happy to, you know, have a bit of a chat about your goals and whatever you say. Did you want to line up a time to jump on a quick call and we can run through things? Okay. Or what you might even want to do for this, man, is you might even want to get rid of, you know, have you ever thought about getting a coach just because you want a little bit more call volume and just kind of tripwire it, kind of be like, cool. Well, I'm more than happy to, you know, lend a little bit of a hand to see where, you know, you could be, you know, improve or whatever. Did you want to jump on a call? You know what Yeah. It's kind of almost just like a, you know, a console like you do with a client in the gym. You know what mean? And then you offer the coaching on the back end of that.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. I want to get, I want to get them on the  phone as soon as like ASAP. Cause then once I've actually got them, it's basically a triage call. So I was  around with like, Hey, they have. I have to enter in their mobile number to receive the meal plan because I did this recently and I was getting hella mobile numbers. So I didn't even call any of them, but I had about 30 or 40 mobile numbers and, you know, like 80% of the people that actually commented 1500, because I was running a follower ad and on the ad it said comment 1500 and then obviously it went to a ManyChat DM. They had to enter their mobile. I was just getting so many mobile numbers. So that could be a good idea because, yeah, I'd much rather triage them on the phone than  around in the DMs because that could be a potential. be a good well, but. Yeah, I think leave the setting to the, what's his name, Charles?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he's the guy that like runs the agency thing. So you chat to him, you'll probably get on call with you and just say like, oh, I'm just looking to get a DM set of this, do a couple of hours a week.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Part time. Cool. What I find with booking calls, I'm not sure if you do this, by the way, but like manually booking in, like what time works better, yeah, could do that, sweet, just locked it in, versus here's a Camelie link, book it in yourself. I find the manual booking works a lot better, it's a lot more conversational. Otherwise, you'll get people where you send a link and then they just flake.
josiah narkowicz: 100%. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, definitely get a narrow up. Now, that's that. If you have more of a direct one, to be honest, I think the lead mags, you're going to use that a lot more. The only time you kind of use something like this is off, like, if you did a story post and you're like, damn me, shred or something like that. It was like a CTA one. But it's pretty similar. It's just, you know, goal. Goal, you know, do you have a specific goal with your health and training? What's been holding back from achieving that goal? Well, where are you based? What do you do for work? Awesome. I'd say potentially looking to get a coach because I don't want  getting on. I thought it was free. You know, just because there's more volume coming through with ads and stuff. It's just called a retarded audience. So I'd probably remove that. Okay, sick. In case, how about we just line up a call, jump on from there. Yeah. Keep it nice and simple. It's nothing complicated. Again, you don't need to worry about this for especially organic stuff as much. But I do, especially with ads, that I find the post-booking close me. It's super important to reinforce shop rate. You don't really have a problem with shop rates, though.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it's because I've got this system in place already. Like, you know, sending them the night before, hey, such and such, can't wait to get on the chat tomorrow. Let's get you sorted out, blah, blah, blah. The morning of, hey, such and such, confirming. mean, I'll even call the  at, like, 10 a.m. in the morning. Hey, just confirming our call. Yeah, right. So they've confirmed it, like, three or four times. And the most important thing I find is them actually clicking yes on the calendar. So when I'm booking the call, it's like, yeah, they need to be  clicking yes on that. And that's, there's some research that said, like, you get 70, 80% more of show up rates if they click yes on the actual call. call, call. the call. Thank Bye. So, show-up rates are good. It's just putting the  on there in the first place, which I need to dial in. But, yeah, that's a pretty cool process. Pretty helpful.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful. Yeah, perfect. Then I think, how would you use train artists? Who knows?
josiah narkowicz: Yes, sir.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How hard is it to create, like, a generic copy and paste program on that, like, if a new client's set up, like, signed up? So, basically, what I think would be a good idea, right, is saying, you know, I'm giving, you know, like, how we were talking about, like, an audit call, like, a nutrition audit call. Go one step further. For the first three people that tap this sticker, I'm going to build a free seven-day program for, right?-day program-day-day for, like, for, like, a-day for, for, for, like, Yeah. And you basically have a check-in call at the end of that, which is the upsell call. Okay.
josiah narkowicz: Basically a consultation.
Kyle Musca: Essentially. But like, you probably want to pre-qualify a little bit, you know what mean? Tap this sticker if you're interested and then you reach out, hey, you know, what are you doing? What are your current goals? You know, what do do for work? Same  as we just spoken about. Cool. Yeah, I'm happy to build you a seven-day program. And then you basically get them set up in the system. It should be very passive. It shouldn't be much work from you at all. And then it's like, at the end of it, we'll do a check-in call.
josiah narkowicz: And then that's the upsell call. I've got one in there. I've got a seven-day flow with everything automated, automated messages built in. On day five, they get prompted to book their call with me. Like all of that, I've already got it in there because I think I used it as like a challenge thing. And yeah, they get fed the nutrition plan and all that sort of thing. So that would, that could be a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: And then they're already familiar with the system. So yeah, I haven't really tried that out yet, but we'll see.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The good thing about something like that funnel is you get them into the system. So like, if they do want to sign up, it's like, cool, you're already set up. Let's just , here's the payment. And put an urgency on it. Like I'm going to build three people, the first three people that tap this stick or something, but then like you can build  10 people a program. You know what mean? Like no one knows. And then like on the next story with those ones, always think on the next story, put it up and be like, you know, that's what went fast. Maybe I'll do one of these again next week.
josiah narkowicz: yeah, even the mid. The chat link could be directly to that trainerized program and it like self-onboards them. So anyone commenting the  thing gets it anyway, or was it better if I messaged them off the back end of it and then doing it that way?
Kyle Musca: I would probably message them first just to try and pre-qualify them a bit. Because you don't want see Khan with no job getting on in like India's system and stuff. Yeah. So it's like, you know, and maybe even add that as like a pre-qualification. There's different ways you could do it. So one could be like, yeah, first three people to tap this sticker, I'll build a free seven-day program for. Or, you know, I'm building, you know, you could even do, I'll build a free seven-day custom program. Here's a question at, tell me. And why you feel like you, or reply to this story, why you feel like you deserve it most.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I saw Brian Mark use this recently, I think, with his new chatbot thing. He's like releasing something like that. But yeah, on the type form, it was like, why do you think, why should we choose you over everyone else? We're only allowing 20 initial people to get access to this, but why should we allow you to, or pick someone else?
Kyle Musca: Because, yeah. It's essentially a hero funnel. It's like, it's a, you tell me why you think you should be picked for this. And then they have to try and like sell themselves. It's like when you call them, hey, it's 20 grand. You know what I mean? Like, I feel like it's a rare opportunity that they can get in on.
josiah narkowicz: Thank you. Please.
Kyle Musca: But you're giving away for, yeah, essentially free. So it's like anyone that's interested in following program. And then the other good thing about that is like they see it actually  works, you know what I mean? And they have high motivation by the end of it.
josiah narkowicz: So something a bit more interactive rather than, it's a form of a lead magnet, I guess. Like it's just, I can have it as like a booty specific one, like a six, five, a booty specific training split. Yeah. Yeah. And obviously I would send them a type form link where they have to do that or they would.
Kyle Musca: I would, yeah, you know, would just conversate with them. Hey, just, just, I saw you tap on the sticker. just want to make sure you're a good fit for this. You know, what's your current goal at the moment? Cool. Okay. What do you struggle with most? Okay, sweet. What do you do for work, by the way? Is it highly stressful? Whatever the . Okay. Fantastic. Fantastic. Based off that, yeah, happy to build your custom program. All I need to do, here's the link to activate your account, and I'll get to work on things for you.
josiah narkowicz: Do you find that organically people are like optimizing their DMs setters for lead magnet style stuff, like similar to what we're talking to? Or are you finding that with paid traffic, it works better with just purely not the, like the one you've got up here on the screen?
Kyle Musca: Do you know what I mean? Yeah. So, I mean, there's different use cases. Like for most people, as long as you've got decent and strong branding on your account, you can go straight for a direct like this. Like, this is what I do. Whereas, like, if you're trying to do it organically, or, again, if you wanted to, again, not chase the carrot so much and not go straight for the kill. Which I think is a better option long-term anyway. Then you would use something like a lead magnet. Because essentially, when you use a lead magnet for ads, you're just increasing volume. And obviously increasing volume, get a lot more  lead through. But as long as you've got a pre-qualification process, then you can filter out all the  leads and just optimize for the good leads. And then all the  leads just think you're a ... So it's the opposite of cold over outreach, essentially. Because all the  leads you never try to sell anything to. And they just think you're a  G because you've given them something of actually free value. And then you look at the best marketers in the world, and this is essentially what they do. Like, you look at someone like Alex Mosey, for example. It kind of gives away full  courses that other people charge, you know, 50 grand for. Simply because that's pennies to him. You he doesn't care. And he knows that all those people in that, you know, income bracket aren't, you know, qualified enough to pay him what he charges. So it's like, let's just get a massive cult audience of everyone's... Saying how  great he is. And then I'll just work with the multi-millionaires that can afford to pay me 100 grand in a day. You know what mean? So it's like, give stuff away. And that's, again, why it's important to not have a thirsty DM set up. Because it's like, give stuff away. And, you know, if they're not qualified, make sure to end it on a good note so they stay an engaged follower and tell their friends about you. And maybe in a couple of years, they'll come back and be like, and I've had that. Like, you know, we spoke a couple of years ago. We spoke a couple of months ago. wasn't in a tight spot, but, you know, help me X, Y, Z.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. And honestly, if it's just like with organic, we're just optimizing for the lead magnet, you know, respond to this, hit this sticker, join my free  thing. Like the hand story, the hand raises on the stories and in the comments and stuff on the posts. I feel like I can handle that. feel feel like Myself, I feel like I had in my back of my mind, I was like, I need a setter because they need to send a first and second and third DM to all the new followers. Then he needs to be doing cold outreach to everyone liking my  posts and that sort of  when it's simply not the case because you're going into the kill too quickly. Do you feel like that, is that like what you're saying kind of thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially. Like you'll get people that say, like, don't get me wrong, cold outreach can work. I just think it's like, obviously it can work because it's one of the four pillars of marketing. But I think just for like a personal branded, which is what it is, like you're a fitness coach as a personal brand. Yeah, I mean, a personal brand is all about trust and relationship. If you're just , you know, constantly trying to sell to everyone just because they like to post, you're going to quickly tarnish that. And then will we, you know, coaches and mentors and stuff that be like, yeah, go. Do this. And reality is it's so, you know, you do get a couple of closes and stuff and they feel good about it. But in the long run, you just end up  yourself.
josiah narkowicz: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, cool, I got, you know, a message. Again, and also it depends on where you're at. Like if you're just starting your business and like you've got no clients, you've got no  income, you shouldn't have any shame. You should just go  for the kill for everyone. You know what mean? Who the  can I sign out? But it's like, you've got a good client base. You've got, you know, good recurring revenue now. It's like, you're not desperate for a sale. So it's like, there's no point in being desperate for a sale.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, you're right. And potentially like the current pool of people in my audience right now, maybe, maybe I've oversold to them, you know. So, you know, I feel like I've been putting on a lot of  CTAs recently, you know. So, I mean.
Kyle Musca: mean. So, I mean. Again, that's just where you've got to be creative about the CTAs because like one or two hard CTAs a week is absolutely fine.
josiah narkowicz: That's great. That's healthy.
Kyle Musca: If the other ones are, you know,  questionnaires and polls and lead magnets and stuff, those aren't perceived as selling. That's why lead magnets and  are so great. It's because you're not – you can pump that as hard as you want. It's never selling. If I'm like, hey, man, here's a free e-book. Here's a free e-book. Here's a free e-book. It's just I'm just the guy that's constantly giving  away.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then we sell on the back end of that.
josiah narkowicz: For example, the 1500 CTA, comment this on to get my free e-mail guide, which is a PDF. The message that comes up is literally just click this link to download it. That's literally it.
Kyle Musca: I would change that to like, hey, look, I really appreciate the support on – again, showing some, you know, appreciation. I really appreciate the support of my content. Here's my friend. friend. Free, you know, 1500 meal plan guide. If you have any questions or need any hand at all, always feel free to sing out. Click the link below to access it.
josiah narkowicz: And just curious, are you mainly interested in fat loss or muscle building?
Kyle Musca: Or is that just like,  off, I'm just downloading this meal plan? I would get them to download it, you know, and then again, just like leave it on a high note of, wow, this guy's just given me something. And he hasn't tried to sell me, you know, because people come into it skeptical, you know what mean? He hasn't tried to sell me, he's just given me this meal plan, and I appreciate your support, thank you. And then you just come in the next day, hey, you know, Laura, just check in, were you able to access that e-book or good? Oh, fantastic. You know, what are you currently working towards? Okay, I got you, what are you struggling with? Oh, gotcha. What do you do for work, by the way? Like, is it, you know, highly active or stressful? find that, you know, can play a huge role. Gotcha, right. Well, sounds like you're pretty serious. It's about, you know, whatever their goal was. And more than happy to give some advice, like to help you out. Did you want to line up a bit of time to jump on a call and we can have a chat? Yeah, sure, I could do that. Sweet. Yeah, so then it's like, and then, you know, if they're not pre-qualified, you know, no stress. Again, really appreciate you on my, supporting my, uh, content and, uh, you know, that, that meal plan's got a lot of great value in it for you to use. So best of luck. If you need anything, sing out.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Am I, am I even bothering to do any of this or should I just call Charles to get it sorted? Cause that'll obviously.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Up to you. You know what mean? Um, you can do it or if it's like the biggest, tedious thing ever and you just know you're not going to be consistent with it and you're not going to do it in a timely manner, then yeah, probably better to get Charles in there.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, bro. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, 15 bucks, you know, better than, you know, if you're already paying an ultimate 500 bucks, at that rate, it's like, okay. Because I don't even pay my , well, actually, I think I do pay mine over 500 bucks a week, but I don't think it's much.
josiah narkowicz: Well, if he's closing, it's like, what, 10% for a close, if I close. So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. But again, like, for a setter, that's, that's  pricey, man. Like, your profit margin, like, you couldn't run ads on that.
josiah narkowicz: Then you're taking, what, an extra 150, 200 to acquire the client through an ad. Yeah. you're paying $500 CPA for a new  client.
Kyle Musca: Well, then you've got to also take into consideration the DM setters on top of that. Like, all the other costs. It's like... Running ads, you can rapidly grow, but your profit margins are slimmed down a lot. Like organics, , you know, bread and butter, you're just golden because you don't have any overheads. So it's like, keep it as profitable as possible. Like, you know, unless someone's  awful at sales, I'm like, be front-center sales until you are overwhelmed with calls that you need to get a closer in. Like DM setting, I think, is one of the first things you should delegate. But yeah, 10% is pretty  hefty.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay. Okay. Oh, well. I'll, um, I'll have to, I'll have to ghost this guy then.
Kyle Musca: Actually, like, lock him out of your accounts and .
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. I already thought about that twice. I was like, this guy better not shaft me.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. Um, yeah. I mean, like, there's, you know. Yeah. Like DM said is a great, but again, they also, those positions where they're like a sales position, they can either be great for your business or they can absolutely  it. You know what mean? Like there's a huge discrepancy of which route they go down. So you just got to be real cautious with it. Like for example, I had a closer a couple of months ago, man, and nice guy started off like strong. And then he just like , you know, speaking to the clients that signed up, like he didn't even offer me the other packages. He was just selling me the lowest ticket package possible just to get them on recurring, just to get some closes across the line. like, dude, what the ? So it's like, you know, like those components of the business, it's like, if you're not on top of it and you're not aware of it and they go left unchecked for a couple of weeks, a couple of months, it's like massive. Cause not only do you lose the money in terms of what you're paying them and all that , you're losing all the money in terms of the, you know, uh, like lot. Unearned earnings that you could have had, potential earnings you could have had. And then, like, you stack ads and  on top of that. You spend two grand a week on ads. You know what mean? It's like, not only that, you're actually  paying for these fuckers now. You know, it just becomes a money pit.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, that  would piss me off, but I would want to have leverage over the person first, you know, and then you can sort them out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, like, yeah. Closer, think, unless you're just, like, to the point where you just physically couldn't take any more calls yourself, there's no point in getting closer. Yeah. You stay way more profitable when you don't, when you handle the sales. And again, you've got good sales skills. Like, that's pretty evident. So, yeah. In terms of DM setter, though, like, I think, yeah, it comes down to, like, you could do it yourself, but if you're not going to be consistent with it and everything like that, then, yeah, it's probably going to be worthwhile getting a DM setter in there. But I wouldn't. Do a 100% commission and certainly not that high because they'll be way too toe-in. You'll just run into that every time.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, because they're thirsty.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And they don't give a , man. It's your reputation, not theirs.
josiah narkowicz: And it's like, , I just want money. Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: And salespeople, like, because it's a sales role, you've got be real careful of them because, you know, a lot of them are very  money-hungry and money-driven, which can be great in the right circumstances. But when it's at the expense of you, it's like, it's definitely not.
josiah narkowicz: And it's not even that. It's costing me, it's costing me way more because the clients maybe or the prospects, as you said, potential revenue. How many clients did I lose because they got pissed off at what he was yapping on about?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, or pissed off that he, you know, messaged and he tried to sell when, you know, they might have signed up in, You know, a month or two. You know what mean? Because when it comes to the marketing, like 3% of your audience, man, is theoretically going to be in a buying mindset where it's like you chuck something up in your story. I'm looking for three women wanting to do X, Y, Z, and they're like, yes, that's me. Whereas the other 17% is going to be in an information gathering phase. And that's why I like content so much is because you can nurture them through them. You know what mean? You get them engaging in your stories. You get them asking you questions. You get them conversating with you. So you can give them the information that closes the gap that then gets them into a buying mindset. And when they're in that mindset, it's like, cool, who am I going to turn to? I've been speaking to Josiah this whole time. He's been nothing but helpful. He's given me the best advice. And you speed up that process by just genuinely, you know, helping them along that.
josiah narkowicz: I think I'm going to pull the pin on it, mate. Because every time I've like, I've reached a  great level and been real comfy of like going, oh, wow. I need a DM setter. Let's get a DM setter. Like, let's  do it. And then I stopped doing all the things that I should be doing in regards to that front-end stuff. And then sales dry up. There's no one in the  pipeline. And it's always  me. I think I've been through that twice now. So maybe I should just suck it up. Do two loads of DMs morning, night. Just keep a finger on the pulse with the hot ones. Yeah, I think that might be the go until, yeah. Because it sounds like you might, in my position, be a bit more apprehensive about getting a setter initially when you know I've probably got extra time there to get it done myself. And you said no, less overheads, more profit. Can't go wrong.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that's it. I've caught that with my marketing because mine's pretty automated. But I'll get to a point where the ads do pull through and everything and I'm like a . And then you just don't have that urgency to think forward and get ahead of things. And you're right, things will dry out. So it's important to not get comfortable. You have to remain behind the steering wheel. At the end of the day, it's your business, your ship. You have to be the one  steering it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, okay. I'll have a chat with him.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, I mean, I'm not saying don't go for a DM setter. You can always chat to old man. Just have a chat, see what it, you know, if it's something that's worthwhile doing. then, yeah, go from there.
josiah narkowicz: Perfect. Yeah, sorry, man. I might have to wrap this call up.
Kyle Musca: I've got someone at the door knocking. Yeah, you're a good man. All right. Yeah, if you have any questions, just see you, man.
josiah narkowicz: Appreciate it, brother. And also loving the feedback on the content, like me sending it to you in real time, getting a bit of feedback. I feel like that's really helpful.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, keep sending it through, man. Yeah, we'll just keep building. Yes, sir. Have a great weekend, bro. Cheers, bro. You too. See you. Bye.


>>> 28/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-02T22:39:50Z | id:105766104
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Good, good. How's the day been? This meeting is being recorded.
jese Smith-shields: Darling, actually, but it's a cracker day here, actually. Yourself, how's Canada?
Kyle Musca: Good, man. Good. It's like only, we got in yesterday morning and then a little bit of exploring, but pretty good city.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Well, we'll rip right in things. Time's in through us, so we'll check and find. How many, how's this week gone overall, man?
jese Smith-shields: No, it's been pretty quiet, actually. It's been relatively quiet. We only have had five sign-ons this week, which I suppose isn't a bad thing, but it's probably one of our more quiet weeks.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Is that five from last time we spoke or five from Monday?
jese Smith-shields: Five since the last time we spoke.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And how many calls have you had? Like, whoops.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. There's been a fair few. There's obviously been a big turnaround since. all I don't Once we last spoke, which is within that, I actually had a chat with Khomeini about it, and she actually sent over a report. I'll just copy and paste it to you. She did find a massive turnaround this week with just the breakdown of the last two weeks compared to the leads last week. Are there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Sorry. Can't see that.
Kyle Musca: You can't see me. Oh, right.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, it's just. Had more volume leak came in, the extra volume produced, more inactive, not interested, dropping up a number of work. There are a lot of not interested stuff being nurtured. This is a big shift. Could reflect difference in traffic source quality. Inactive, no response leads increases. So, one, yeah, what I would say is happening there. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: We'll just be at a copy on the show, man.
Kyle Musca: And actually, I took a conversation with him. So, what is happening now? I did see that in the actual lead. So, what I'll show you, can you see that?
jese Smith-shields: No, yeah, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So, one, we're going to many chat. Two, we're going to, so, what I'd say is probably happening here is because we cracked down hard on the filtering and qualifying. Yeah. So, like, from her perspective, like, the actual quality leads that she should be getting back to and should be tracking, may have dropped. Yeah. Like, in That's the number, but the quality should be better, which was to be expected. So how many calls have you had actually booked this week?
jese Smith-shields: This was a number that I was going to get done once the VA actually logged on, but I'll get her to start doing them on Tuesday from now on if we're going to have, because the meetings will be Wednesday morning, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: But there's been a decent amount of booked calls, I'd say roughly maybe 18 since we last spoke.
Kyle Musca: So it depends on the quality of them, man. Like if they're closing better, which again, this could be a sales problem, keep in mind. Yeah. , this thing's so annoying. Why don't you just get out of the way? Cool. So you can see like, if we go back to this period, cost per leads were like 13, 14. This one was high. This one was high. I'll turn that off. I'll But if we go to this period here, you can see they've crept up quite a lot. Now, reason for that, and you can even see like this one, even though it was like decently high before that, way, way  higher. So I turned them off yesterday for that sake. And the reason that is, again, as we've spoken about, is because they have to come through, they have to be of age. Now, most of them are still of age. So you're getting a lot, like still almost 40%, which is not ideal. That should even out as time goes on. And then you can see a decent amount there. And then, again, 50%, essentially, 48% are actually working full-time. So even of that, you know, 60%, only about 30% of those, only about half of those are even qualified. You know mean? Yeah. So, again, the numbers that we're going to see on paper, like this and on Clemet sheet, they're going to go up. But ideally, one, it'll be better quality when they get on calls. To... Yeah. To... The... Conversion API with time should continue to try and find better, more qualified people. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: I assumed that's what was happening anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I did is I just turned, because I would have, usually I would have like started filtering more of these on, because we're about to launch all the New Year's stuff, New Year's challenge stuff. was like, there's no point. Like these are winning. We'll keep them on the background. But ideally, I want to give your New Year's challenge like the best opportunity to rip. But yeah, you can, like this is why we do the conversion API, because like if we didn't have the conversion API, it just shows us the cost per result. And these numbers look good, but like when you see $246, and I'd say that's probably one, the one that was bringing in a lot of the junk volume, simply because, again, like that's, you know, that would have brought in pretty much all underage girls.
jese Smith-shields: And it would have just been hyper-targeting underage girls, which is not working. Yeah. No, that makes sense. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Now, even though the cost per lead for these have gone up, they're still really healthy. Like anything under like $40 for me, I would consider like a really good cost per lead. Like I consider like $60, $80 is getting a bit high, but like I consider like $60, $70. And as long as they're high quality, you're fine.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Now, we've gotten to a point where the marketing is pretty dialed in. Like it seems to be bringing in like volumes of leads. We can clearly, we can now filter the good quality leads. So those numbers are still good. As long as the rest of the CEO dashboard, have you got that updated?
jese Smith-shields: No, no, I'll get that updated today. And I'll just flick it over to you once it is updated, have a brief look over. But she hasn't logged, oh, she's about to log on now. And usually does it first thing this morning. I just totally forgot about our meeting being transported.
Kyle Musca: No, that's okay. That's all right. Period. Um. That's fine. Yeah. It's not like a Tuesday moving forward. But essentially, it's really important to know these numbers with where you're at because there's a difference between, you know, if things aren't converting, it's either a sales or a marketing problem, right? And if you don't know the numbers, you don't want to go, let's say, turn off these ads that are actually performing quite well because the sales team isn't converting, right? Because then you just waste a ton. Same thing, like, and the opposite can happen, and you'd probably know pretty quickly from the closes is, you know, the marketing's bringing a ton of  awful leads. And the closes, again, this is, you know, better when you have more experienced closes because it's easier to tell because you're kind of relying on them, their feedback. But like, they just can't convert because the leads literally just all broke  students. But again, we feel throughout that, so that shouldn't really be a problem. And, you know, this happened for one of my other clients, right? Like, their marketing was operating really good cost per lead. Everything was looking healthy. Totally. that We just weren't converting on sales. We're like, what the 's going on here? We got someone else in there. We found a different closed-edged trial, instantly started making sales, and, you know, again, went from, like, having -all sign-ups one week to having, like, eight sign-ups the next week.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. No, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. That's the other thing. How is Marina seems like she's not pulling through very well?
jese Smith-shields: Well, she was, yeah, she wasn't at the start, and then she had a massive week last week, and turned over a lot of coin last week. Lauren had a few tick over, so she's closed three out of seven, but the last coming ones this week have been pretty  iffy. There was a few that got on there that simply just broke, which I don't know how they managed to get on there. But, yeah, I've messaged Tommy, but I was going to ask you, like, what would your... Name plan B within like obviously investing into sales and going down that route. And how would you navigate that with sale like closers? Like obviously these two are my first closers. So what would make a good closer and a bad closer? And what would make your thought process on investing into them to get better at it?
Kyle Musca: So one, sales is like a double-edged, double-sided coin. Because like one, you've got people that are just naturally good at closing. Like Tommy, when I first met him, he had no sales experience. But like he just had, I could tell he would be good, like naturally good at closing. So you kind of want to find someone who would just naturally be good at sales. And you can usually kind of figure that out by like they've got a calm demeanor. They've got, they want to ask questions. You know, they're actually genuinely curious about like chatting to you and everything like that. It's a little bit hard to, you know, tell, but those are usually the things that you indicate for. And then, but at the same time. The other side of the coin is it is a learnable skill at the same time. You can have someone who's naturally good at it, but unless they actually upskill, they're never going to be more than average, if that makes sense. So I think closing, especially when you're bringing closes on and stuff like that, I would definitely think it's worth investing into some sales training. Because realistically, if you invest in some sales training and that gives you one more sale, then it just, it's covered itself, let alone all the other closes and sales in the future. But like what makes a good sale, like a good closer, is someone who asks questions. You know what mean? Like they can be a nice person. And again, there's a few things. One, obviously just a good employee. They actually want to help you. They want to, you know, upskill. They're not, you don't need to micromanage them. They're , can you use their own intuition to figure  out? The one, the biggest thing I probably look for is someone who's wanting to ask, like who asks questions?
jese Smith-shields: Because. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's really all sales is, is just asking questions to lead someone to a certain outcome.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Lauren seems very invested into it, and she does seem a lot more invested than Marina does. But yeah, Marina's obviously cloning a little bit more, but it's out of time within myself and like how we do things in a sense.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, what was that last part?
jese Smith-shields: missed that. Marina's obviously been here for a little bit longer, and she obviously has a little bit more of how we project things at the moment. So it does seem like Lauren's still sort of learning the processes and what we sort of offer, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So with where you're at, like in terms of having two closers on board, unless you're getting crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy calls, which I don't even recommend. And like, I'm fully booked out for like the next week into like half of next week, but I wouldn't bring on a second closer just because, one, it... It's... You have to keep pushing really hard all the  times and just bring on another coach. And sometimes you just want to, like, kind of pull back and chill a little bit and have things a little bit more automated and focus on, like, the systems and stuff. Because, again, when you have a bigger team, one thing, like, goes, like, one thing   up, like, the whole team, like, the whole system  up. But in that scenario, but I would say, like, you know, make them competitive. You know what I mean? Like, give them, you know, obviously Lauren's, you know, pulling through well. Three from seven is quite decent so far. But, like, give them both, like, maybe another week or so and just, like, look at the close percentages of both of them and say, like, just have a pure statistical who's performing better. And if Lauren's pulling through, she's probably going to be the better option because, you know, she seems more interested in upskilling herself and she's more passionate.
jese Smith-shields: She's probably going to be the better long-term employee for you. Yeah. Nice. Nice.
Kyle Musca: I was kind of thinking that anyway. The other thing I'd be really, really cautious about, like, again, did you have a look at how many calls Maureen's taken, how many she's closed total?
jese Smith-shields: No. I can get that number too.
Kyle Musca: Have a look. Definitely have a look at that. But, like, one thing I would definitely say is don't get caught up in being, like, too, not buddy-buddy, but too compassionate for your closer. So, because, like, I got, I've been stung with it a few times, but, like, recently when I had my last closer, he was a nice guy and everything like that, man. But, like, , he just wasn't making sales. He was just only going for, like, the lowest ticket sales to try and get it. He wouldn't even offer any of my other packages, just go straight to low tickets to try and get sales across the line, everything like that. And he was a nice guy, so I kept him around for way longer than I should have. But it's, like, especially a closing role is, like, the most pivotal role because if whoever's in that position isn't performing well, your business will suffer for it. So, it's, Like, you've got to kind of take the emotion out of it and just, like, look at it purely logistically. And that's why it's so important to know the close is close, right? Because it's like, if you're not performing, well, you're better off going and finding someone else who will.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, that makes sense. That makes sense. I'll get all those numbers done up. And I'll probably, yeah, I'll probably make that a little bit more competitive in between those two. But also, I'll probably set in some KPIs for it as well, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I would do there, man, is I'll probably make a group chat with you, the coaches, and the closers. And basically, every time a closer makes a close, you basically get them to drop it in the group chat. And this does two things. One, it makes the communication really good. So, like, if the coach needs anything from the closer or vice versa, they can easily communicate. But two, like, every time, let's say, Lauren makes a close and she drops into the chat, and Marina's going to see that and be like, , like, I need to make some closers.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Would you do that even? So, obviously, we've pivoted. So pricing structure from a weekly payment into like the paid-in falls and the bigger prices, would you let your coaches know what sort of funds are coming through that?
Kyle Musca: No, I'll just say just don't talk about funds in that chat. Just say like, you know, it was a coach's name is Rachel. Hey, Rachel, just assigned Sarah to you. She's, you know, ready for whatever the , you know what mean?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: No, that makes sense. But just make sure like don't mention finances in that chat.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, okay. That makes sense. Yeah, I'll put that together. That's actually a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Because you want that competitive spirit, you know what You want that competitive edge.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Usually when the sales girls close them, then that's when I kind of choose where they go to the...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that just comes down to communication. So for me, I just go coach, coach, coach. So it's like one after the other. So like, you know, we'll get one, the next one goes to call, the next one goes to... Pat, the next one goes to Kyle. And then, again, like, you can kind of, you don't want to, like, kind of rule with an iron fist, but if a coach is starting to , you know, get slack, they're not doing onboarding calls, whatever the case may be, I'll just tell them, like, if you guys  up on this, the next five clients are going to the other coach.
jese Smith-shields: I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Like, if they're just being slack. And it depends on the situation. Sometimes I'll be like, if they're really, I'll put in the group, like, you know, this has happened a lot. Don't name anyone specifically, but this has happened a lot. If this happens again, the next five clients will go to the other coach because you're clearly, and I say because you're clearly too overrun with coaches or too overwhelmed with the client base you have. Yeah. The other thing is if they are being really slow and they're constantly giving you excuses, then I would just kind of say in, like, nice way, like, no worries. You know, no worries. If that's the case, do you want me to feed all new clients to ex-coach if you've got a lot on your plate right now? Yeah. Yeah. You know what Because like, for example, the other week, one of my coaches just was constantly going through . I think he had like an Ironman or something. And then like, I think, you know, a family member passed away. I don't think it was anyone close. But like, he just wasn't doing work like how he should be doing. I was getting complaints from him. And I was just like, no worries, man. Like, if you've got a lot on, understand that. I can give, I just want to make sure that, you know, we're getting all new clients on board properly. Would you like me to give all new clients to Pat? Yeah. Because it even gives him the, yeah, sorry, you go.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, I like that process. I do have a group chat with all of them. I'll probably add in the sales girls too.
Kyle Musca: You I like that. Yeah, you want a competitive nature with closers.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I did actually try with...
jese Smith-shields: think Marina.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry, you go.
jese Smith-shields: I think Marina and Lauren know each other too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm pretty sure Marina passed Lauren on to me.
jese Smith-shields: I don't think they know each other super closely, but... Yeah. I mean, they did that SAPS training course or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. From, like, my limited experience with Lauren, she seemed like a bit more of a killer. Like, she was constantly on me and trying to look for her. she was. Yeah, which is what you want. Yeah. Beautiful. Any more questions on that? No, that's pretty covered.
jese Smith-shields: Lucky, he sent over those other, the new updated ones, but then I've had to send them back to him to get them updated again with more errors. So I'm hoping he's going to have them done and sent over today so we can have them up and rolling.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: My question on that one, obviously, we're rolling into the 3rd of December. That close date on those entries is 20th of December. What would be your process on getting them up and rolling and then trying to obviously drag that, those ones out a little bit longer?
Kyle Musca: That's interesting. Makes sense. Like the...
jese Smith-shields: I would like the sign-up. Because we got entries closed December the 20th on all those graphics. And obviously, it's been a little bit delayed on those ones. But then by the time we get them up and rolling, well, it's going to probably be like the fifth, sixth. What would be your process on trying to drag that out a little bit longer?
Kyle Musca: So one, I should be able to have... I'm pretty sure the video is already uploaded. I'll check to my media buyer. If I can just turn them on, we can see... Start getting them pumped. Two, I think you and Kiana should definitely pump it organically. So if you haven't spoken to Kiana, I would. Have you spoken to Kiana about that much?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Have you got my challenge framework, marketing framework? I'll send you that.
jese Smith-shields: Maybe. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's got the organic sort of thing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty sure you've sent that. I'll have a look for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So especially if Kiana's like, you could get a lot organically out of that. That's one thing with just a little bit of a side note there. That's one thing I've been caught up with. And it's very easy to get caught up with is like when you got ads, you know, it's a pretty like, you always have to spend money for it. But like, it's a relaxed way of getting clients. But don't sleep on organic, because organic, you have no overheads on your, your profit margins will be so much better. That would be a lot easier to sell, maybe warmer, everything. So especially with an audience like Kiana's, like if she pushes that pretty hard, then, you know, you'll get a lot of that. And just for me, man, like I started doing it more from last week and I had like  over 20 organic, you know, inquiries. So it's like, I can't even, I mean, if can get them in, then fantastic.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I've noticed, I've noticed your organic go up too, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, you know, again, it's just about asking. In terms of the, realistically, we did, we put it out a little bit because. So, really, you only need, like, a two-week hard push for a challenge campaign anyway, because otherwise it kind of, like, three weeks is fine. But, like, you know, if worst comes to worst, we only get two, that's still fine, because you want to keep that urgency really high. You want to keep, like, a really top of mind. Then what we'll do, the reality is the reason we cut it off at December 20th is because no one's going to want get on a call from that point onwards, really. We will run the ads right up until the 20th, though. So, if someone's still messaged through on the 19th or the 20th, it's like, look, you know, entries are technically closed, but you sound really keen, I can get you on  tomorrow.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Then what we do is, like, basically, from January 1st, we go straight back into turning them back on, and we'll need more ads and stuff filmed here. But then, again, this will be another two-week period from the 1st to the 12th.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, take that. Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So that's pretty much what we'll do. So the order of operations of what we want to do now is this week, I would focus on getting Kiana to do just what we spoke about, the talking to phone retarget ones, just to make sure that they're ready. Because we'll have to run them pretty much from the, if it's the 20th, from the 13th, we'll turn them on and we'll start drip feeding them in. And then pretty much next week, what we'll talk about is getting your, like, January stuff done. So she'll have to film that content and then we'll just, like, launch that in the new year.
jese Smith-shields: Would you do, like, the similar sort of setting to what we've done with Vaughan, those sort of ads? Is that what you're talking about?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Essentially, we're just... Yeah. Yeah. And then what I would... That's off the top of my mind there. Just sparked it. That's another really good thing. When you talk to these girls, one, say like entries closed December 20th, you know, we're only adding 20 or 30 spots or whatever you said. But then also say like, you know, we might do a second intake, like you'd have to word this really carefully, like we might do a second intake, but this is basically the early bird special. So we might allow maybe like 10 more on, we're still undecided, but it will be at a higher price point after.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I've already pitched that across then, saying that basically the price that they're offering now is the early bird price, which is $1,000 cheaper to what the entries will be.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So basically like, again, you just got to be worded really carefully. And the price point of the second intake has to take away the, you know, oh, just wait type thing.
jese Smith-shields: So yeah, $1,000 is perfect. Yeah, no, that makes sense. Yeah, I like that. Yeah, perfect. Perfect. Yeah, I was, that's about it that I actually really had for you in that sense. I'll get that done by Lucky. Hopefully today I can get them sent all over to you. These ones looked a lot better. was just obviously a few little miss on some of the CTAs, but they look like they'll work pretty well so far.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, with them, like anything, like with videos and the graphics, make sure you like proofread them.
jese Smith-shields: I didn't proofread them once I sent them to you.
Kyle Musca: I get lazy with that sometimes too, but I've been caught with before. So it's like, you want to make sure that you, because there was one there where the whole CTA was like fully  and I was like, oh . Yeah. So just proofread them. So the other thing is play around with the, The scripts and stuff and even the graphic wording I give you, I reword it myself, but I've trained a full bot to do it, and then I've filtered everything back through it so it continuously learns. But even still, it's always good to go through and add your own personal touch to it. One, will make it unique more to you, but two, there'll be certain things that just make sense to do certain things. So, for example, Lucky sent mine this morning, and I basically sent him a video of how I sent you, and it just, like, once you actually see it, it's easy to say, like, well, this is going to suit better up here, this wording's going to suit better down here, and, like, actually change it around so they're all different.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, and I've basically done that this morning.
Kyle Musca: Have you reached out to old clients about the challenge stuff?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I've started doing that now.
Kyle Musca: Did you get...
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I've put together a CVC file or whatever, so we go high level, and I'm getting her to roll through that now.
Kyle Musca: So a lot of them all invariably have numbers?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, fantastic. That actually worked a lot better than I thought it would for me. I had to heaves of clients.
jese Smith-shields: You preferred it over text instead of an Instagram message or stuff like that?
Kyle Musca: If you've got their Instagram, you can Instagram. It was just kind of easy. If you've got their Instagram, you'll save on the text thing. So it's like you could do that, but it's probably a little bit more difficult to, you know, actually find their Instagram, unless you have it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's all linked with the go high level contacts.
Kyle Musca: Expired clients? I don't know if it would be expired clients.
jese Smith-shields: I'll have a look. I'm pretty sure it's all linked with expired. why to I'll have
Kyle Musca: That would be interesting. I don't know how, unless they've messaged me.
jese Smith-shields: No, no, you're probably right. It's probably not because mostly expired ones are just the ones that I've transferred over from the type form that we had.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You can, have you linked your, you've linked your Instagram to go high level?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: So all three accounts are linked to the go high level.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I think, yeah, it would only be new ones then. And it wouldn't be, because if you upload that, they have no way to connect the actual Instagram. So for that case, I think it'd be easier just to do it over text.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. And then with that as well, make sure that you go add. So one, I would have a different calendar for it. So it's like if they, so you can see it's an expired client when it's booked in. And obviously change the color, but then make sure you go add that to the automation of the expired book calls.
jese Smith-shields: So last night at the book calls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I started it, and I forgot to do that, and, like, the shop rate was  terrible, because they get, like, no reminders at all. So make sure you connect that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'll do that. That's sweet.
Kyle Musca: And then I would also...
jese Smith-shields: up and rolled.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry, what?
jese Smith-shields: That should all be rolled. That doesn't make sense. Be rolling.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. And then... And then... Oh, yeah, I would also definitely recommend still adding, like, a bit of a post-booking flow, as usual, with them.
jese Smith-shields: A post-booking flow?
Kyle Musca: So, like, yeah, once they book it in, like, as usual on Instagram, like, here's the link. Yeah. X, Y, Z, like, actually finish it off instead of just saying, like, you booked in.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's sweet. I can do that. Only with that one, would you book them? Obviously, because most of them would have been my old clients. don't don't know. right back. Would you book them in with a closer?
Kyle Musca: It depends. Like, you could. I did. But, you know, if you want to take them. They should be a pretty easy sign-up, like, because, you know, they've already been on the team and everything like that.
jese Smith-shields: The only problem that I see is all of my ex-clients would be weekly payments.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just, like, it's a challenge, though. That's the good thing about it.
jese Smith-shields: So it kind of does make sense to do it, like, all at once. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Up to you. Just make sure you have a chat with your closers and basically say, like, these are all clients. What I did for mine is I just said, like, go. Well, I haven't done the actual challenge. So because it's a challenge, you don't really necessarily need to do this. But you could just say, like, hey, you know, if they were on, like, 90 bucks a week or 95 bucks a week or something like that, and then you offer, like,  two grand, that might turn them away. So you could just run it with it like that. That's fine. Yeah. Because again, you'd only need half the signups pretty much to make the same amount of money. Otherwise, you just want like reoccurrings to get through that period. What I basically did was like, you know, it's  three and a half grand, but because you're on it, you know, like 95 a week, we can continue on just at that rate.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. And how would you put that across to your closers in a sense?
Kyle Musca: Like how would they know that? So basically, I just told Tommy, my closer, go have a look at what they were previously paying. And like, you can offer them the same rate, essentially.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And or, sorry, I said, I said, if I were paying a normal rate, they can do like, if they were paying like two grand for three months, for example, they can do that with the extra month. So again, you don't even need to do that. You can just say this is part of the challenge. That was my Black Friday offer or, or if they were under like $95 a week. Then I just said, we'll give you a free program upgrade.
jese Smith-shields: So no, we'll just give you a free program upgrade. Yeah, okay. No, that makes sense. I'll piece that together. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Can you see how that goes for you? Because you'd have like a fair few older clients, hey, that aren't.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I would have a fair few, actually. Yeah. I do find when I do have time and like, I just go through and I'll randomly send them DMs here and there that they are pretty quick to sign up again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I was actually pretty surprised. It was like, I've never really dabbled in it too much, but like pretty much all last week was just fully booked with like expired clients. Can't have a chat again. Yeah. And then, yeah, as long as you got a good service and everything like that. Because like Tommy was telling me, like, and everyone I spoke to, like, they just said it was a  fantastic service. Which I'm sure yours would be quite the same, so they'd be keen to rejoin.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's sweet. That's probably an easy tick over.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. Cool, bro. Anything else you want to run over at all?
jese Smith-shields: No, I think that's probably about it for now, I think. That's about it that I can think of.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. In that case, man, the only thing this week is I'll get all the ads up and running. We'll officially launch that. Should be by today. I'll get the videos up today, and then we'll get the graphic ads up and filter them in once they're ready. And then just make sure, like, have a chat to Keanu. Try and get her to start filming the, like, this week, start filming the, like, last final day stuff. Do you need...
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Do you have a script that you sort of follow for those sort of formats?
Kyle Musca: I don't... I just talked... What I'll do now is I'll send you some examples of ones I've done.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So let me...
jese Smith-shields: When you do this, they're for the retarget ones, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, now you could do some with Vaughn, and it might even be worthwhile to do it if you've got a video thing, a filming session lined up. doesn't have to be anything crazy. Let me... That's not what I wanted at all. Make sure this is the right video. Bye lads, if you're looking to get nice and lean for summer, my summer stretch challenge starts... And then, yeah, basically, again, just tell it to come from different angles. They should definitely be under a minute. They shouldn't be for some long. Like, some try and do, like, 15 seconds. Like, literally, basically read off the graphics. You know what mean? You if you're a girl who wants to lose 8 to 10 kilos over the next three months or starting the new year, my glow-up challenge, X, Y, Z. You know what I'm saying? If you can learn a little bit more about what's involved, DM me the word, whatever. All right? That might work. And then come from one might be coming from the angle of, you know, the over $7,000 in prizes. like the Thank It'd be one. And like Unreal, going to choose eight of the best transformations to win an all-expenses-paid trip to Bali for our very first retreat or something like that. I think that would  rip as well. If you just made a video just on that angle. Just the prizes. Pardon?
jese Smith-shields: Just the prizes, in a sense.
Kyle Musca: Yes, like one would, yeah, one might be prizes, like a video on prizes. One might be a thing on features, you know, you're going to, which I'm not usually, huge fan of, but we might as well split test the type thing. When you do features, try and always justify it with, like, moving away from pain point or dream outcome. So it's like a customized training program so you, you know, you can walk, it's usually a so you can, like, customized training program or to take out all the guesswork so you can just show up to the gym, train hard and get, you know, best results possible.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, I see where you're getting that. Yeah. So always just, like, link it because otherwise it's just a custom training program that doesn't really mean much to most people.
jese Smith-shields: But it's like, oh, I don't have to think about it.
Kyle Musca: Because me, a lot of people are like, I don't know what to do in the gym. So it's like, take away the guesswork. You know exactly what you need to do. One might be, you know, maybe even a social-proof one. Like, if you've ran other challenges in the past, like, this is what my last challenge winner achieved, XYZ. You know what mean? Just get creative with it.
jese Smith-shields: Like, play around with different angles. Yeah. How many videos do you recommend doing for that? Because I'll get that more sorted.
Kyle Musca: So we need about four to five key ones. So one would be, like, the last week. Like, this is the last. And I would say, like, final few days is the last week one. Because then it could be seven days. could be two days. It's the same . So, like, last week is, like, final few days. You could do, like, less than half a week. Or, like, again, I'd probably do, like, two or three final day ones. Right? Because they can be ran across that whole period. Then we need a 72-hour one. We need a 48-hour one.
jese Smith-shields: And we need a 24-hour one. Yeah, yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: So ideally like five to six, at least.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I can get that all sorted. I'll get that all done, ready to go. I'll just put in that Google Drive for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like go into the Google Drive, into the folder, and then create another folder, final day ads or something like that. What I would probably do is I would probably double up on each one. So it's like 24 hours one, maybe do 24 hours, and then do like really prize-focused, just then 24 hours really like feature and benefit-focused.
jese Smith-shields: Yep. And just see what split tests are.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Easy.
Kyle Musca: can do that. Yeah. If you have any questions, just let me know, but yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, that seems pretty simple. Straightforward. I can get that all done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, bro. Is there anything else that you want to cover at all?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Cool. Nah, I'm sweet. I'm good.
Kyle Musca: Easy, man. Cool. Well, let me know how you go with the closing and stuff. I'm making that group chat. Yeah. And, yeah, try and next time we chat, try and have the closing percentages and everything like that of both the girls, and then we'll have a bit more info to go up there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, I'm going to start doing that every Tuesday from now on.
Kyle Musca: There you go. Cool, bro. All right, well, enjoy the rest of the day, man.
jese Smith-shields: If you need me for anything, just sing out. So, is it? Great shot. Cheers, bro. Bye. Cheers.


>>> 29/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-02T23:38:01Z | id:105775743
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Yo.
Sage Damsma: Yo, what's good, bro?
Kyle Musca: Not much, man. How are you?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, good. How'd the travel go?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, pretty good, man. Pretty good. The direct flights are definitely getting easier.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Hardest fight was, like, forcing us to stay up to, like, we're going to try and stay up to, like, one, but we got to, like, nine, and we're all over five. Yeah, should be pretty good. If we can do that, time zones are pretty good. Like, it's about to be 3 p.m. here, but, you know, if we can start work at, like, 12 or something, then it's fine.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, is that 3 p.m. Tuesday afternoon?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, right. So, it's, like, the day before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it kind of weird because, like, we left at 10.30 a.m. on Monday and then we got here at, like, 6.00.m.
Sage Damsma: Monday.
Kyle Musca: Traveled back in time. Probably,  yeah. Sick, man. Cool. All right, well, we'll dive in, man. When's it, mate?
Sage Damsma: Getting near? Probably, like, half an hour.
Kyle Musca: Okay, sick. So, man, so, we'll dive in. How's this week going overall, man?
Sage Damsma: Sounds like it's doing  well. Yeah, so, obviously, I launched a challenge yesterday, like, on Organically, and I think I've got four or five calls booked today, and then I've got two tomorrow already. My dude, last night, messaged me, got him on the calls within, like, five minutes, closed him on fortnightly. So, that's, like, 3.33 a fortnight or some , and then I've got two re-signs paying 3.5 up front each, so that's 7k right there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. Like they paid them for?
Sage Damsma: Paid in full.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Oh, that's not bad. Cool, man. Okay. So that's what six or seven calls.
Sage Damsma: Those are all organic. I've got, I think, sorry, I'm just taking my Calumet now. There's one, one chick is from an ad who just like took a while to reply, but after chasing her up, she's finally come back and started to happen. Yeah, two ads and the rest are all organic.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Sage Damsma: How many calls have you They're all kind of like old. Yeah, okay. Um, yes, today I had two, which was the guy I closed last night and then a couple who's rescheduled for next week is away for work. Um, but they're, I'm like pretty certain they'll close. Um, they actually came through quiet. So I'll give them bonus if they close. And then Monday I had four calls. One dude is rescheduled for tomorrow, but he's like, he's pretty certain. He just had one other call with a coach, but he's like, oh, look, bro, I'm pretty keen, just want to hear him out and . He's got the money. One was a re-sign, which was one of the 3.5s. And then the other two, one was a no-show, the other was a re-sign as well.
Kyle Musca: So a lot of re-signs coming up. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So how many, like the last, let's say seven days, how many calls have we booked purely on ads?
Sage Damsma: Purely on ads. I'll go from Monday last week. One, two, three, four, five. Maybe like six or seven, sorry. Yeah. Okay. But I did have a couple no-shows here and there.
Kyle Musca: And then two of the girls I closed last week from the ads are trying to pull out some, giving them the whole yap of like too bad. Yeah. Okay. So what it is, yeah, the ad... The ad cost per lead and stuff definitely started to increase quite a bit over the last couple of days specifically.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So basically just turn them off. think, you know, good time to obviously get those challenge ones up and running. Just to see what we can add. Even... I also think... Let's have a geese here. Just to... So it reckons in the last seven days, we've had a total of 12 leads, which is... Not ideal compared to what we have had. So if we come in here, good way to test this, because sometimes you need to refresh just if this is  bugging out. Go contacts, go filter. Wide. Beautiful. Conditionings, speedfields. Subscribe after. Let's go Tuesday last week. And then, how many have got here? 17. So.
Sage Damsma: In a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd say that's bugging out a little bit. It's not crazy, but it's not super ideal at this time. So, and then, turned off Black Friday as well. Yeah. What you need to do here, better to save them, sorry, is just come to settings. I can't do it. It's not my account. So, you go Instagram and then you scroll.
Sage Damsma: Scroll down and just go to refresh permissions. Yeah, right, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Start automation, like a message or a mini-shadow. That's cool. That's really well-timed for that.
Sage Damsma: Start automation. Sorry, you go.
Kyle Musca: If you... Because that would be really good for, like, running the internal challenge saying, like, if you tag me in a story, you get points.
Sage Damsma: So you could do something like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That would be a good idea.
Sage Damsma: So it's like I can track it on mini-chat.
Kyle Musca: Well, it says story, mention, reply. Start an automation, like a message or mini-chat action if someone mentions you in their Instagram. So you could either say, like, do you get many random people sharing your stuff much and tagging you?
Sage Damsma: Ah, not randoms, no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so for you, you might even want to just do that. Like, hey, bro, cheers for mentioning me in your story. Click this or something to add a point to your  internal challenge thing. Yeah. I've just seen that.
Sage Damsma: That's well-timed.
Kyle Musca: Cool. right.
Sage Damsma: 6, 8, just come and refresh your question. Yeah, I'm doing it right now. I did release that internal challenge thing. So there's already driving a fuckload of referrals. One dude's already got that one close from last night, and then another girl booked in for tomorrow. And then one girl did, she messaged me first. Oh, sick. So he's looking at three referral sign-up through that point system thing.
Kyle Musca: Okay, sick.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, my VA is tracking
Kyle Musca: The referral will be good because you can still give them like $250 plus a huge point bonus as well to the prize. Yeah, that's really good. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. And I would change the points around now. So instead of being like $1, $5, $10, it's like $25, $50, $100, and then a referral is $400.
Kyle Musca: So it's like $4X. Oh, yeah. Yeah, sick. Okay. Beautiful, man. You got me through those videos this morning, which is good. So I'll get them uploaded today, if not already. I'm to chat to my media by about it. And then we just need the graphics. How are you going with the graphics?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I think Jen's doing it now. We're going to a cafe this morning to do some work.
Kyle Musca: So I'll take the laptop and just get that sorted. Yeah, beautiful. If Jen's doing it, it should be sweet. I sent mine through to Lucky, so did Jesse. Lucky obviously needs a fair bit of feedback.
Sage Damsma: He needs feedback.
Kyle Musca: Like he does them well with like in terms of – well, once it's actually You're like on screen and you can like visually see it by like, you know,  adjust and tweak it a little bit so it, you know, looks nice. So like for, for example, like you sent me, you know, mine, right? But I'm like, one, don't cover my physique. So that's like a piece of feedback there. But a lot of it's like, you know, making sure that stands out a lot because that's the first thing people should see, bringing that CTA bigger, changing the wording around here. So it's like, for this one specifically, you know, my EMP 2026 challenge is officially live. So making that stand out more. My last win and lost over 20 kilos, 20 kilos in 12 weeks. And I'm going to have like an image of him. And then will you be next under? And then there's stuff like, where is it? So stuff like that, for example, is not a  idea, but I want to show you a better one. Yeah, so something like, you know, when I do, you know, doors close December 20th, that's not really a key thing that needs to be front and center. I like, so for example, what I told him is like, have it under the CTA in small brackets. So if someone wants to acquire, they can still see, it still drives the urgency and everything.
Sage Damsma: It just doesn't need to be, you know, a  focal point of the actual graphic itself. Gotcha. So you reckon the main point of it is obviously like the announcement. announcement and then what's included and then the prize.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like, again, you always want to come from different angles here. So some make it like some of them are just a direct, you know, like launch. Again, I told him to make that big, like, what the  is that? But like, you know, officially, you know, 2026 EMP Shred Challenge is officially live. So it's just a direct sort of one. This was like a negative one. Don't apply if you're X, Y, Z. And then even stuff like this, like I gave it. It's not really his fault, but like, this should be like, this tier should be up here. You know what mean? 2026, officially live. Not only will I help you drop 10 kilos in 12 weeks, there's also $8,000 in prizes. And then it should be, don't apply if X, Y, Z, if you're keen, dare me this. Just looks better, feels better.
Sage Damsma: It makes it different to the rest. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, of course. Yeah. That was the other thing I, well, even for me, man, and I spoke to Jesse about as well, is go through and, like, reword them. Don't just, like, copy and paste the ones I gave you. I try and reword them and everything, and I've obviously trained the bot to do them, you know, quite well. But there's also, again, just with AI, as usual, it's good for frameworks, man, but it does lack that creative element that makes it human, makes it different as well. Because, like, even when I'm scrolling through, like, watching ads, man, like, I thought, well, I was watching one video, man, and I was like, you can tell this is so  chat GPT generated. Because ChatGPT always refers back to the same wording all the time. it's like, even if you just like read it and then reword it from its normal common wording to like an alternate, you know, again, make it not look like every other 's under the sun.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, too easy.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Then I could have filtered through, one, your CBO, this one's still good. This one will continue to refine. Your fitness audience has always been. You're a better audience. I'm going to, with the challenge structure, I'm going to target more of the fitness audience, see how that goes. I might even, depending on how, how we go, I might even, uh, might split test it. But I think the fitness audience should come out on top a little bit more. I'm going to, I'm going to change itself. It's not just fitness, but also like health, like diet, sort of mindset  as well. And like healthy habits and all that stuff as well, just to try and get like a big pool of people that should be potentially interested. Um, yeah. Yeah. Now, so that's all uploaded. We'll test that over the next week. Now, it just needs to be really good in terms of execution because from here, essentially what we'll do and what I'd like you to do to film over by the next time we chat is have them film is just like talking directly to the camera saying, you know, it's the final few days. And again, I would do at least two versions of each, right? So, for example, we need a 24-hour one. It's the final 24 hours. One might be, you know, more so focused around the prize pool and everything like that, whereas one might be sort of features and benefits focused. You know what mean? And what I mean by like when I say features and benefits, like don't say, you you're going to get a custom training program. It's usually a so you can. You know, you're going to get a customized training program to take out all the guests so you can just show up, train hard and get the best results ever. You know what I mean? it's like, again, never really talk about just features alone because I mean,  all.
Sage Damsma: Like how does that feature actually benefit the person reading? Gotcha.
Kyle Musca: How does that help them? Yeah. So we want, basically, the way it will go is the last week one, we'll just say final days because we can run that from seven days all the way through to  two days, essentially. It's the final days to join my, you know, reset, rebuild challenge.
Sage Damsma: Rebuild.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, rebuild challenge. You know, if you've been, and then again, come from different angles, you might want to have like for that, you might have one pain point angled of 2025, the stream outcome of 2026. You know what mean? If you've been constantly pushing off, you know, if you've been constantly telling yourself you'll start next week, all of 2025 and nothing's changed, and we're in December, whatever the , this is your chance to break that cycle and finally see it through. You know what mean? Whereas another one might be like, if you want to walk into 2026, working towards becoming the best physical and mental version of yourself, this is for you. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, so get contrast. you. Get tangible, come from different angles, X, Y, Z. Essentially, the more, the better. When we do this retarget, so again, with this new thing, we need at least eight.
Sage Damsma: So we don't need at least eight.
Kyle Musca: It's the work with less, but it works best between eight to 16.
Sage Damsma: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And the way I would do that, I would do probably a few in terms of like, you might do two or three where you just sit down and talk directly to the, camera. Um, but for most of them, I would probably do just filming straight from the phone and like selfie style type of .
Sage Damsma: Um, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Reason being is we want it to look nice and organic and natural. Uh, plus they're easy to do and easy to turn around. Um, and then what we'll do after that is, so that will carry us through to the end of the year, essentially like until the end of December 20th. And then in the meantime, so we'll do that this week. Then basically next week, we'll start focusing on. That period from Jan 12th, sorry, Jan 1st to Jan 12th. So we'll do another hard push in the new year to try and get more people over the line. A really simple thing for this as well is we'll just download like a CSV file of all your active clients and upload that. So if you said to someone like the challenge, you know, it ends December 20th, you need to get in. One, they just won't see those ads. Second of all, what you can do about this is two ways. You can either just tell people that, you there's a cutoff point, it's December 20th, we're not taking on anyone else after that. Or what you could do is you could say that if you join before December 20th, you get an early bird sort of rate. So, you know, and you might say, again, you've got be really careful with the wording around this, but you might say like, you know, look, if someone's like, oh, I'll start in the new year, like, look, not 100% certain if we're going to do a second intake for the new year. However, it is certain that. So this is the early bird rate. So even if we do do an intake, one, it'll be a lot less people we're taking on, and it will be $1,000 extra.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So again, it just depends on how you want to go about it. I think for me personally, just to keep it nice and simple, for the people I'll talk to, I'll just say December 20th and anyone signs up, I'll just put them on a CSV file and then just exclude them moving forward. So, and then if anyone has asked, you can just say, look, yeah, what we did is to take on the extra, you know, again, I'll probably say like 10 clients or something like that extra. Yeah. You know, it's really sweet. But if anyone, for whatever reason, did ask, I'd just be like, look, you got on the early bird rate. If someone were to sign December, you know, now, they'd be paying $1,000 extra.
Sage Damsma: So. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I've been, um, the guy last night, I just said like, oh, cause you were the. First one, like, as an early bird thing, like, obviously, he's still paying now, but technically, he gets, like, a month for, like, December free. Like, he's paying for the challenge from Jan 12th till 4th, but I'm still coaching him for now because he's going to pay it now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's how you want them to start paying now. Yeah. And that's exactly how you should handle it. Like, look, you know, I'll technically give you this month free, and you can spread the free, the three months, basically, across four months, and we can start now.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. Because realistically, like, you're paying, like, that's an extra, maybe, like, 100 bucks you pay your coach. It's kind of worth it. Yeah. It's, yeah, it doesn't really dig into profit much, so.
Kyle Musca: Nah. Cool, man. I might even do. I might even do like a real low ad spend on your – the algorithm should do it anyway. It should be fine. We'll see. I might do a retarget to your Instagram audience for the ads. Yeah. Just do like real low. Yeah, we'll play around with it. So yeah, we were basically selfie-style stuff this week. Next week will be the next challenge   XYZ.
Sage Damsma: January.
Kyle Musca: January. then after that point, what will that take us to? So that's the second. So the next one will be the 9th. After that will be the 16th. Yeah. And then after that will be pretty much Christmas. So yeah, after that we'll basically be talking about doing some kind of like seven-day challenge thing to get people through the door.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Sick.
Kyle Musca: But that's like a nice little sequence of events we can just  dial in and stash out.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, no, it'll be good. So far, seems to be working, which is good. think the internal team is, like, pretty, pretty on to it, to be honest. Like, with the referrals and , they're actually pushing pretty hard.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Did you, um... One dude's, one dude's basically doing outreach for me.
Kyle Musca: He's messaging his friends.
Sage Damsma: Like, you should get on this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just keep G&M up as well, like, yeah. Yeah. Um, and if you can figure out a way to word it as well, like, don't be afraid to put that in the group chat and be like, you know, you might even have a referral leaderboard or something like that and have that as its own individual thing. So, like, whoever refers the most clients, despite all the other , they get a certain prize, but they'll probably win. If they refer, like, 10 clients, they'll probably  win anyway. Um, but it's like, you know what mean? You can, you know, John's  up to three clients already in the first week.
Sage Damsma: Um, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Uh, messing with your friends, Ben.
Sage Damsma: Oh, yeah. Last, last night, because it was... A1 of the thing, I put it in the group chat and was like, oh, we've got our first referral sign-up. And I put, like, tagged him and said something. And then everyone was taking the piss, like, scammer, cheater. And then he was, he's a good kind. He was just like, oh, go knocking on doors and . People were like, can you find more friends? That's good. Keep the competitiveness going.
Kyle Musca: You want competitiveness, you know what mean? You want people to be like, yeah, competitiveness will outdo, like, monetization incentives, if that makes sense.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did you reach out to old clients for your Black Friday thing?
Sage Damsma: Like expired or coming up to expiry?
Kyle Musca: No, yeah, expired.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I did a bunch of, especially the guys that were coming up. It was good in saying time for them to re-sign. I got a couple of the piths from that as well. So I'll probably do the same, just like they paid in full because they were like, oh,  it.
Kyle Musca: Like, let's just go six months.
Sage Damsma: And they were actual old clients that weren't currently on the team? No, they were like, they're on their very last week. And they were on the fence about re-signing because it's December. And I was like, well, you know, you get X, Y, Z, and they were like, oh,  it, let's do it.
Kyle Musca: Have you done it for like old clients that haven't been active for like two or three months?
Sage Damsma: No, no, I need to do that. I did actually one dude, it was coincidentally actually, and he did end up signing. So I'll go through my lists and reach out to all of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would prioritize that because I did it for the Black Friday thing. And like pretty much all last week was like just filled with ... Yeah. Expired clients. Yeah. Like, it worked a lot better than I, like, I thought it would do all right, but it worked a lot better than I thought it would.
Sage Damsma: All right, sick. Yeah, I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: And I just got, you've got GoHighLevel now, hey.
Sage Damsma: Or not yet?
Kyle Musca: No, not yet.
Sage Damsma: You said last week we'll wait for next year.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's where that, like, that stuff comes in handy heaps, because you can just, like, upload a CSV file, tag them all, add them to a list, and then you can, like, bulk SMS them, and then Klamay, also your set, can just, like, chat to them through GoHighLevel.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, if that's the case, you might even, like, want to do it, like, try and get it set up this week, get the number attached. Yeah. And start that, if possible. Otherwise, yeah, otherwise it'd be tricky to try and reach out to them. That's where CRM comes in handy.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, because I've got, the set has got... Access to my sheets, because everything, all my expired guys are on a Google Sheet and . It's all managed on there.
Kyle Musca: Is that with their numbers and stuff?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it's got like email number, their dates are expired and  like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, in that case, for that reason alone, I would probably go try and get GoHalba earlier than next year. Yeah. Like I just said like, I'm just, I didn't even say anything. I just said, it's Kyle Musca, and then just conversated. And like, if they do end up like getting a call book to signing up, I was just like, oh, that's my work friend.
Sage Damsma: It's my personal one. Yeah, okay. Yeah. That's sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, so that's the other thing I would do this week is just for that sole  reason, because that worked really well.
Sage Damsma: Help seems, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. And then, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yes, sir. Man, we're  executing on like all fronts at the moment, like referrals, organics, ads should ideally pick right up once we actually get these launched.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, hopefully it should be a good month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we can keep pumping it. The other thing I've kind of started to get a little bit of a glimmer of is that a lot of coaches during this period, man, they kind of get in the same mindset as a lot of people do in terms of like, well, a lot of people are going to be lazy. They're not going to be wanting to sign up to programs and they stop pushing things as hard. But if we can kind of like come in and, you know, seize that opportunity because there's going to be less competition actively, you know, advertising and marketing, that may be a good like little differentiating factor to again. Because again, every time you're doing realistically, marketing itself is an auction. You know what mean? Like whoever is willing to, especially from a paid ads perspective, essentially. Essentially, whoever's willing to, you know, invest more will come out on top. If it's obviously good marketing, like if you can't just throw some  piece of  up and, like, converts, but if that makes sense.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, of course, I think it's a good time to  shout out. Yeah. Well, everyone's being a type .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then I really think...
Sage Damsma: take all your clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It'd be funny. It'd be kind of  at same time, but it'd be kind of OP if you could, like, choose a specific person's Instagram account, just, like, target their followers.
Sage Damsma: Just start outreaching to their followers.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, that's not even, like, a terrible idea. If I was going to do outreach, that's the first place I'd go.
Sage Damsma: Competitions followers.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Straight up.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Otherwise. And then I think in the new year, like just could be time of year, maybe, but I also think it will be a really good time to get a new offer in there that's not just sort of direct. So as long as we execute through this challenge period, and then we'll just go straight into the seven-day free thing. And if we do that, well, man, I reckon that will dominate. When setting up a new funnel like that, man, I find I'm pretty guilty of this as well. We just need to like kind of see it through. So it's very easy to get like 80% of weight built and then kind of just like never really activate action in it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So like if you've got any time, well, we'll dial in on that, the videos and marketing stuff for the challenge. That's number one. But if you do have some time, especially towards, you know, mid-end of this month, I would start updating everything in place from there so people can just sign right in, sign up, and then go from there.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, too easy. Kind of like with the challenge, it'll be like kind of skipping the... Okay. Bye. you. Call process, hey, Legos to go through the funnel.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: There's two ways we could do it. Maybe we even split test it if we want to  around to that degree. One, we could just run it straight through ClickFunnels and just have it straight into a self-signup.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or, if you're going to be paying your VA anyway, you might not want to do this, but maybe we could also just run it through the DMs as usual.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it would still be able to tag qualified versus non-qualified, and then it might be a little bit of a different, you know, like it would still be like a free seven-day. It's a free challenge, yeah, free seven-day challenge.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Essentially, it's a decoy offer, right? So, like, do you know what a decoy offer is?
Sage Damsma: I think we ran through it a couple weeks ago. It's like my mate does something similar. It's like $8 or some , and then he tries to upsell.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so essentially, you get them on the call. We'll do a free accountability check-in call at the end, which is the upsell. But essentially, it's like, yeah, look, you know, I just do that to kind of show people that, you know, if you go with some structure and accountability, like, you can actually make some really good progress and really good, like, in a short period of time. But, like, you know, following, like, programs, one thing, man, like, if you're actually serious about getting results, obviously, coaching is just going to take it to the absolute next level. So, you kind of say it's like, you kind of frame it as in, like, yeah, this is just something that we do just to help, like, all the  plebs out. But if you're actually serious, like, you know, we do do high-tier coaching.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: And then, obviously, if they're unqualified, you basically just try and sell them by chat. Say, like, hey, you know, can you set it up as, you do payments through an EUA?
Sage Damsma: It's all through an EUA at the moment, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, what I would do there, and, again, this would work... Really  work. Oh, it would work from a payment side of things. After the seven days, could they continue on on a free program? Like, not a free program, sorry. Could it pass the program?
Sage Damsma: Like a weekly payment?
Kyle Musca: No, like, yes, but like a passive program in terms of, like, you don't have to touch anything.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, well, I think on my back end, I wouldn't really have to do much.
Kyle Musca: If that's the, because ideally what it would be is for the people that are unqualified, it'd be a low ticket sell by chat. Yeah, the first week's free. Hey, bro, yeah, the first week's free. If you want to, if you want to cancel it after that, you can just cancel, no charge whatsoever, that's absolutely fine. However, if you want to, you know, usually it'd be, if you want to continue on, it would just be seven bucks a week or something, nine bucks a week. You can make it whatever the  you want, 19 bucks a week if you want.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think. think that would work really  well. Yeah. You could do that two ways. One is you could do it through the chat, which would be easy because then obviously the setter just talks about specifically their problem. The second way is you could do conditional logic through something like ClickFunnels where it's like if they qualify and they say their job status, then it goes into just seven-day free one and there's accountability to upsell call in the end. Or if they, you know, have whatever other non-qualified traits, then it's basically maybe a VSL would be saying the exact same thing.
Sage Damsma: Like, you know, you can have this one free.
Kyle Musca: Big thing with those ones is like you can cancel at the end of it, doesn't charge you anything. You can screenshot everything and  off if you want. No harm done. Or if you, you know, find that you really enjoy it and you find that it does actually make a massive difference to your overall performance and adherence and everything, then you can just continue on for $19. again, that's cancel any time. So after two weeks, like, no, this isn't for me.
Sage Damsma: You just cancel. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: This is a bit more of a structured, one of my passive one now. At the moment, it's 39 a week. And it only takes me like maybe 10 minutes. I just give them a training and a nutrition plan and that's it. I'll just say that's it. There you go. Yeah. Anytime.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah. So essentially, that's basically what you need to do.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. It'd just be good to have like a bit more automated in the back. And like a program, fine to do. It literally takes me 10 minutes. But like the actual system of it, it's just like, yeah, I mean, chat to them. Sometimes you get on a call and then they don't  want nothing. So then you've to chat to them again and downsell in the DMs, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we just want to remove all that to make it a bit easier.
Sage Damsma: Also, if we're going to do this at volume, I'd probably  that off to someone else. Say that again, sorry?
Kyle Musca: If we're going to do this at volume, I mean, you might want to do it at the start, but like if it does pull through for us, which again, it's a free  offer, so it should. you probably want to  that off pretty quick. Like get, you know, even if Oh, yeah. Even if your VA can do it. Surely your VA can set them up.
Sage Damsma: She can just copy, paste, and change the name.
Kyle Musca: Literally. Like, that's all it should be. It should be a path. It's like, this isn't a custom program. Yeah. It's  free. And these things, you know, you say that, like, you make it known. Like, it was a free program. It's not going to be custom. You could say custom, but, like, yeah. Again, you essentially want to make it known that, like, there is a huge step up from what you're getting to what this is getting.
Sage Damsma: Good leverage to be like, oh, this is not customized. Whereas if you pay this, then, you know, it's paid for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, don't get me wrong. Like, just having a bit of structure and direction, you know, can be a huge game changer for most people. But obviously, if you have something that's actually customized to you, custom to your schedule, custom to your goals, custom to your body, any other coach they're working with you, make sure they're keeping them accountable, making sure those adjustments are made, you know, when they need to be made. Obviously, that's just going to take, you know, your results to the whole next level. The other cool thing about the sell-by-chat one, again, we're finalists, we're probably rambling here, but just last on that, is you can kind of like throw in a premium feature for the low-ticket option. So it's like, and again, you might even want to do it for people that, you know, are qualified and be like, look, what I'm going to do is, you know, this program is X, Y, Z, it's, you know, whatever, not custom. But I'm going to throw in a custom meal plan for you just to show you, you know, how, like, the difference between just following macros versus an actual meal plan that's built for you.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So one, it just builds trust and like, wow, you know, and then they get a bit of a taste of what it would actually be like to be on that premium feature.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. They just have to make it. see the value in it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And again, it triggers rule of reciprocity because they're like, oh, thank you so much. It's you just have to be like, look, usually I wouldn't do this. seem like a cool guy, chick, whatever. I'm going to throw on a custom meal plan for free, no extra charge. Usually I only do this by, you know, one-to-one clients and stuff, but I'm going to throw on a custom meal plan for you.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you need to run at all?
Sage Damsma: No, if want something else to go over, it's all good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. These are just brain book, like spitballing, make sure we've got a good sort of image of where we want to take things in the new year.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think that all sounds good. But otherwise, there's not too much else I want to go, man, we've got it all mapped out.
Sage Damsma: Now it's just about executing. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's going well, bro. Hopefully this month will be one of the biggest ones to date. Last week was good momentum.
Kyle Musca: Where's all your demographic as well, by the way, like when you're actually following?
Sage Damsma: On Insta.
Kyle Musca: And what age range?
Sage Damsma: Let me check that out. Actually. Thank Let's go. Sorry, do you know what it's under?
Kyle Musca: Professional dashboard. Yeah, and then you go, it should be followers, and then if you score right down the bottom, it will say cities and countries. Might have to change it from cities to countries.
Sage Damsma: How many do you last 30 days?
Kyle Musca: I don't know if you have to. In 90? It doesn't really matter. should be pretty similar.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. 42% is 25 to 34, 20%, 18 to 24, 21%, 35 to 44, and gender split is almost 50-50.
Kyle Musca: Okay, and what country?
Sage Damsma: Country? Australia is 80%, US is 5%, New Zealand 2. K2, UK2.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So you've really got that Australian one down. Okay. If it was mixed somewhere else, I'd say maybe we could, like, even dabble in a bit of marketing there, but not really worth the percentages.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I've got one US client at the moment, but she's a referral.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Sage Damsma: Cool, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, too easy, though. No real point. US is a good market to tap into, but the time zones are a little bit  annoying. Yeah, I don't think it's, you won't really have much, like, brand awareness or trust if we did that, if you're demographics, mainly Australian, so. Yeah. That's fine. Cool, bro. Is there any questions or anything like that you want to run through, man?
Sage Damsma: No, I'm pretty straightforward, bro. Just got to keep this momentum going and keep working.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Yeah, Sean is a  corny  as well to get on. Who?
Sage Damsma: Sean? Sean. Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: I know, he's been on the fence about it for ages, and I was just like, why are you thinking about it, bro? You've been thinking about it, and you're still in the same spot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. He's like one of the guys that have to do, like, the lower ticket one to  get his content  up to scratch. But, like, Aaron and Josiah have been, like, doing that, man. They're doing quite all organically, so, I mean, that clearly does work.
Sage Damsma: Well, that's what I said. I said, bro, I've got a few mates that jumped on, and it's no ads at all, and they're  doing good. You know, it's just, you're just going to get your  sorted. Yeah. resharing 40 stories a day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I don't I don't I don't want to take on too many of them, because they're just, like, not, it's just all, like, content-based, and I just have to, like, review content every week.
Sage Damsma: I'm like, , we sound like we're talking the same  every week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just, like, you can't get that. Yeah, sure. Well, you can't get as, like, you know, as many, like,  tricks.
Sage Damsma: up your sleeve, you know what mean? It's like, cool, man, he's got to play for more content. Yeah. Yeah, no, that's fair. I'll try to find some bigger fish to join.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, if I see the potential, like Josiah, or Josiah, I was a bit hesitant at the stars, like, oh, I don't know about this guy, but he's actually pulled through. Yeah. But for someone like Aaron and stuff, was like, he's clearly got the work ethic and everything to do it, so.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, he's a good one, bro.
Kyle Musca: I talk to him all the time. Yeah, he's doing well. So, yeah. Cool, man. All right, bro, I'll let you run. If you do have any questions or anything, just sing out, and then we'll see how we go, because, like, again, really, it's just about executing for the rest of this month, so if we only need, like, half an hour, then there's no point in  dicking around with 40, well, we need 45 minutes an hour, but no point in  yapping if there's no point.
Sage Damsma: No, sounds good, bro. I'll get this  done and let you know when those short formats are finished. I've done... done... done... They're all sent to him. I think he's going to do them today, tomorrow. And then I've done one, like, selfie one, which I can probably just do myself, if recommend, or I can send it to him to fix up.
Kyle Musca: In terms of video?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, like I did, like, I've already done a self-scripted selfie one when I was involved.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, just do that in CapCut. Again, there's, anytime you do the self-scripted ones, you want it to look nice and organic, so it'd be better just to edit it in, like, sorry, edits, CapCut, or whatever you prefer. Edits, if you're going to do, like, upload directly to Instagram, then definitely edits, but if it's going to be an ad, then it doesn't matter. It shouldn't matter.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I've just been doing CapCut, then I put it in edits to upload.
Kyle Musca: Do you change anything?
Sage Damsma: No, it might be, like, one thing. I just, like, try to touch it a little bit, so go through edits.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I might, yeah. I'd probably say don't do captions on CapCut or something, and then just add captions on the edits one, and then maybe do a bit of, like... Lighting adjustment , and then just upload it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay, too easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because they probably have some. brother. Cool, man. All right, well, yeah, keen to see how that goes. I'll get all that stuff uploaded today, and we'll wish for that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, do you need me to add the keyword to the many chat?
Kyle Musca: Yes, yes, please.
Sage Damsma: All right, too easy, bro. Get on to that today.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. All right, enjoy the rest of day, man. I'll chat to you very soon. Bye, bro. Later. Have a good day. You too. See you, bro. bye.


>>> 30/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-03T00:59:59Z | id:105786307
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Managing Director - JSN: Yo bro, great thank you. How you going in Canada? You cold as  over there?
Kyle Musca: What's going on? Oh, it's not too bad actually. It's  cold. But it's not nothing crazy. I think Vancouver doesn't get too bad. It's like between two to eight degrees here, but I think if you go to somewhere like Banff or something, it's like negative 30.
Managing Director - JSN: Jeez.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that'd be pretty  frosty.
Managing Director - JSN: Cool man. I don't too well with the cold, eh?
Kyle Musca: Not at all. I don't either, unless it's like cold, cold and you can actually do  in it.
Managing Director - JSN: Otherwise I  hate the cold. Yeah, snow and . Like go skiing and snowboarding and that, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, man. How have you been, man? How's this week gone?
Managing Director - JSN: Pretty solid. I know I haven't gotten my form in. I forgot to do it. Yes, I'll move that reminder to Tuesdays, so then it's done before our Wednesday call moving forward, but it's been pretty good. I've had a fair few inbound inquiries from Instagram this week. So three calls booked directly from IG. One guy's really keen. I'm following up with him today. And I've got another two people that, yeah, the lead quality just seems a lot better than what it usually is. They seem a lot more invested into the program. So, you know, obviously a bit of a shift from away from Bark and those kind of lead gen strategies to where they haven't been watching your content. It's a bit more transactional. I've got got another one. This just feels a little bit easier with the organic stuff. So that's been, it's been a pretty solid week, no new sales this week and just four calls booked. So, I know I haven't really done much other than that. I've gotten, I've ditched my other set up, so I took your advice, got rid of him and Charles is, I had a meeting with Charles yesterday and we're going to get someone plugged in over the next next week or so. So, just doing all the onboarding for that. But yeah, solid week. No one's left the coaching for about two, three weeks now. So, retention's good, even in the back end of December, which is a massive win. So, we're setting up the new year really nicely, I'd say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful, man. So, on that again, just focusing on the organic. Thank you. Thank you. Value-driven content, man, that's clearly working, and again, it's one of those things, as I said, like from the very start, you know, the organic side of things, there's no like direct, you know, number or data we can look at and saying like, hey, this video got us two clients, for example, this video generated this amount of money, it's just a consistency thing, and you know, it seems like you're starting to notice that by just saying like the lead quality and stuff have a lot more higher intent, because that's really the power of organic, because you do get that relationship built with them, so it's like they are, or should be very, very keen, to work with you, instead of just working with any, you know,  Tom, Dick, and Harry, who's also a trainer, which you get from cold audiences like Bark, right? I don't know. Have you done much with Bark this week, or have you sort of started to shift away from it?
Managing Director - JSN: Well, I'll still be hopping on, but halfway through the month, because you get 80 new inquiries every month, so I've paid two grand a month, and And I get 80 inquiries worth of inquiries, credits. So then usually about the 15th or 16th through the month, all the inquiries will be ran out. So that's just really like the start of the month kind of vibe. And then, you know, I really hustle with the organic in the back end of the month. So I've just been hit with another 80 inquiries, which is great. So I'll be getting onto that, you know, even just yesterday, had over 10 inquiries in one day. So, you know, it can be quite lucrative. And I'm getting their mobile number. Basically, they give you a whole dossier of like what their goals are, what they want, and their mobile number. And you call them straight away within five minutes and you book a triage call. That's been really the bread and butter of my business for the past three years, you know. So I'd love to keep that going as well. It's just that at the moment. just inside information. So So The CPA is a little bit higher than usual because they've just changed the algorithms and that sort of thing. There's a bit of a refractory period there we've got to kind of dial in. So I'm working with the developers to kind of, you know, optimize things and how we can optimize the lead flow and what information can they give and all that. But yeah, I'll be definitely pumping that at least, you know, that should be good for at least five book calls a week, I'd say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Managing Director - JSN: But it's just a matter of  doing it, bro. Like, as I said last week, I'm just, I don't know, I feel like everything's going in, you know, different places. And it's just this time of year is crazy as well. So there's a lot of stuff going on. But yeah, we're finding this time to do at least an hour, a proper hour of calls and lead gen every day. So that's my intention for the coming weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, even at like the 350 cost per acquisition or whatever it was, I mean, that's not too bad. Like that's realistically what you're going to expect from running ads.
Managing Director - JSN: Like you can't be from anywhere from, you know, 3500 cost per acquisition.
Kyle Musca: One, this is why we charge, you know, what we do just because, you know, if you're charging like 80 bucks a week or something like that, 90 bucks a week, any money you spend, like as soon as you start spending money on marketing, you just suffocate your business. And it's like, you know, there's no  point. Because you just, you end up doing all this work for nothing, right? So having a higher lifetime value of a client is essential because then you can, you know, afford to spend more to acquire a client. Then you can literally just strong arm your competition out of competition, especially when it comes to like media buying and running ads and everything like that. And I think, you know, it seems to be like a good, like sort of reliable source of, you a few extra clients. So I think that definitely keep doubling down on that. And then, you know, the speed-to-lead sounds like you're on that, but the speed-to-lead is critical there, so yeah, as soon as those inquiries come through, man, I would just get onto them, especially if it's like open source in terms like other people have access to them as well, because I'd very much say it's the first person that reaches out to them is the person that they're gonna go with. So it's like you leaving them for, you know, a day, two days, it's just like leaving a huge risk of someone else getting there and taking that from you.
Managing Director - JSN: Absolutely. Like, if you're getting them on the phone within five minutes, you've got a call booked with them that day, that afternoon, even, or the following day. You've got them right when they're emotional, like they're hyper-aware about their problem, because they literally have thought, well, they've looked in the mirror that morning and they've thought, , I look like a fat . And then they're literally online trying to search in, oh, where's an online PT? Or where's a PT? PT in my area. And you've got them within five minutes of making. So, you know, that typically is the speed to lead in action, but yeah, sometimes I'm just back-to-back with clients for , you know, like I did literally 18 meetings on Monday, you know, and then Tuesday I'm trying to get in a flow of my social media stuff, just block the whole morning out to get all that done, and then I've got more calls Wednesday. So, you know, it's probably only like, sometimes I just can't get to them. So that's the idea of the setter. I'd love to set the, I plug the setter into Bark as well. But obviously it's not as effective if they're just messaging him. With Bark, you've got to be calling him, like you can't be messaging him, otherwise you just won't get a reply.
Kyle Musca: So, but Instagram's a different ballgame. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. It's just, it's one of those things if you've got like, you know, obviously you've got other work to do. Yeah. like But if you've got five minutes to just  give those fuckers a call, you just have to do the best you can, essentially. Yeah, beautiful. And then, were all four of those calls booked organically? Like, none from Bach?
Managing Director - JSN: None from Bach. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So that's good, man.
Managing Director - JSN: At what point do I put a success coach on? Because I'm approaching 50 clients, and at least 30 or 35 of those will be online. Yeah. And, like, what percentage do I give them and whatever else? Because that would just free me up. Then I could literally be on the phone every  day.
Kyle Musca: I guarantee if I even have a full day of legion, I can book in 10 calls in one day, you know? I wouldn't, I wouldn't, wouldn't that. I would say... ... ... So with that, we need a really strong lead acquisition system in terms of like, we need to make sure that we're, you know, proving that we can probably hit like five new client signups a week. Otherwise, you bring a success coach on. It's great. You only pay him like, you know, to start off with like 20 to 25 bucks. We can go over pricing when we actually get into it, just to start off with, and then that grows with time. So it's quite affordable to do per client. The issue is if you don't have heaps of clients to feed them, then, you know, they're just not going to value it enough and you want to make sure that, you know, you can work them into a full-time role and, you know, you've actually given them that opportunity to do that. What I would say is the better route is continue to build your online presence, and then just like slowly move away from the in-person because realistically, it's not that you can't take on more clients. It's more that you can't take on more in-person clients that take that 45 minutes to an hour. Because if you can. So replace one of those with someone online, then it's like you've just freed up your time massively because a check-in is only like 10 minutes. You know what mean?
Managing Director - JSN: Absolutely. And that's my plan for the new year. So I'm still doing 20 sessions a week at the minute face-to-face. That's like, you know, 12 hours, probably 15 hours of my time a week. Plus traveling back and forth an extra five hours. So maybe 25 hours out of my week that I could be, you know, just doing the online stuff. So I'm running a big marketing New Year's marathon, like a massive big Christmas New Year's hamper at the gym. And any new leads or any new sign-ups or consults that I'm getting in the new year, January, will do a massive push. I'm just going to say, hey, look, I'm actually capacity face-to-face. I'd love to take you through one or two. say, say, hey. Hey. In-person sessions and then the rest of your subsequent coaching will be all online so it's just that first week they get two sessions or something and then the whole rest of their journey is online so that's how I'm going to kind of funnel people from face-to-face at the gym into the online space as well and plus they get that initial hey here's your  program here's how to do the exercises so that might work out well.
Kyle Musca: uh as well considering um well you could do that the other option you could like just off the top of my head there is just bring out like a really not like really ridiculously high but like a higher ticket in-person one you know I mean and that and essentially what you do there is just be like hey like I do things a little bit differently from most trainers so you know what most trainers would do is you know that you just show up and you do one workout a week you know and and then you'd see them next week Or you'd pay for a second session in person. So what I do is I either do, you know, one session, or like depending on the price point, might even do, you know, two sessions to make it more valuable. And then I'll actually build your entire program. So every single day of your gym, you know, your training sessions are all completely mapped out. We're going to be doing meal plans on top of that. We're going to be doing progress checking all through my custom-built app. We're going to be doing weekly check-ins, you know, outside of the actual training sessions. So basically you try and cluster a lot into it. Like you make it sound like it's  heaps of  involved. Um, and then again, we're going to do either one or two sessions, whatever you decide to do. And for three months, that would come out to be about five, three months that comes out to be about $3,000 or $3,500. So like put a real high price point on it. So it's like, if you get someone, you'll happily like  train them for that amount. Um, and then be like, if they say no, but like, okay, look, that's no stress. Look, what we can do is instead is we could just do completely all online. Um, and basically you still get everything mapped out for you. Plus, though, I'm always in the gym as well, so it's like if you need to hand me a form or anything like that, you can just come ask me and I'm more than happy to help you out, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, and you get all your meal plans, all that stuff stays the same, and that would bring it from $3,500 right down to just, you know, $2,000 or something like that.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, okay. Yeah, so you've got that price disparity, you know, it's not just, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So then, psychologically, it's better that way, isn't it?
Managing Director - JSN: So they're more likely to buy it on the second hook.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you're price anchoring really high, and if they buy that, then fantastic. Like, you know, then your time is well utilized with that person. So it's, like, essentially, like, you know, if you cut half your clients, but they were paying that much, like, you'd be earning pretty much the same, if not more than you are now. So you're getting back your time without losing income. Or ideal, that's still an ideal option. Or you still price anchor them. So in contrast, the 2K seems great. And... You also sound like you're providing a lot more than any other PT in the gym would, you know what I mean? So the old saying is like, there's no price advantage, sorry, there's no advantage in being the cheapest option, because then it's really just about a race to the bottom, who's going to do it for the cheaper, and then you just , you either don't make any money, or your service just  sucks. And everyone knows that, right? Cheap stuff is associated with poor quality stuff, right? But there is an advantage to being the most expensive option, because everyone associates expensive with good quality, right? You get what you pay for, which isn't even the  case, but it is perceived value, right? And this goes down to like, they've done experiments in terms of wine tasting, for example, where they'll give someone like really cheap  wine and really expensive wine, and like take the labels off and get them to taste it, and people will actually choose the cheap wine majority of the time. You know mean? But as soon as you slap a high price point on it, they're like, oh, this is so much more expensive, so therefore it must be a lot better. And that's why you say, like, I do things a little bit differently to most trainers.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, absolutely. It's breaking down those objections early a little bit, but if they're not biting on, like, you know, at the moment, for a half-an-hour session, I'm charging $100, so it's like $200 an hour, really. But I'd even put $50 extra on that, and go for, like, an upfront payment on, like, a 12 weeks or whatever, but if they don't bite on that, you know, that ridiculous number, then I'd probably be pushing them to the online. With, like, one, like, you get your first two sessions the first week, and then maybe a monthly half-an-hour session in person or something, so that way you can scale it a lot extra. Saves me, saves me  10 hours a week extra to push more lead gen for the online. So yeah, that could be a good little option there, because I'm expecting with this Christmas, Hamper, New Year's, at least two or three hundred names that I'll be, you know, trying to basically nurture over the next month or so, and then, you know, book in consultations with them early next year. So it's finding the time to  do that as well. Last time I ran it, I had to, I couldn't actually message and call all the leads, because I had like 20 clients, consultations booked in. So that's like an extra 20 hours of work in your week. Like, I can't be  doing that. So, um, you know, I think I got like 10 clients in one week, just last, um, last time I ran this New Year's strategy.
Kyle Musca: So... So, what is the strategy? Just run me through it quickly.
Managing Director - JSN: So you have a Christmas Hamper, I've got like, thousand dollars cash, um, I've got like, massage vouchers, RIGS recovery vouchers, protein, supplements, like all of that good . Real high quality stuff. And then it just sits at the front of the gym at the desk. And there's a sign-up sheet. I hit the snap socials twice a week with like CTAs of like this is what's in the hamper, this is the transformation you can get, whatever. And I'm going around the gym as well, like probably once a day. KPI, like 10 people, go up to 10 people. Well, hey, we're actually running a Christmas New Year's giveaway. It's literally stupid not to enter. You know, this is what you can win. Would you be interested? Oh yeah,  yeah. I'll put my name down. There's no catch at all. Great. And then over the next month or so, I'm nurturing these leads. I might shoot them a weekly text saying like, hey, we've got an updated prize. Someone's Someone's done. I've this to the hamper, so they're like, oh,  yeah, I could, you know, potentially get this, this prize as well. So, yeah, there's a specific kind of nurturing text bulk blast strategy for all of the leads that enter, and then there's that urgency as well. Basically, there won't be any winner, because I'm not going to give away a thousand dollars cash, like I'll just make up some name, you know, one of my friends or something. And then everyone who entered, I'll be like, okay, well, the next 20, the top 20 people will be drawn out of a hat. They get, like, you know, basically a dressed up consultation with me, but I'll offer that to literally everyone who entered into the hamper. So, you know, if there's 200 or 300 leads, you know, I might even... I'm 40 or so consultations, 50 maybe even, because they've been warmed up the whole time, they've been indoctrinated into, oh, maybe I do need a PT for the new year, you know, that might work really well. So that's how we're going to kind of run it.
Kyle Musca: So this is essentially like a magic hat trick, which is like, you do something like that, and then you get them on the call. And you give them the normal, you know, consulting call as you would, consultation. And then you basically like, I would also include onto it, like, man, you know, you actually won second prize. So like you won second prize, which is a free consultation call and stuff. And then on the call, we're like, yeah, so with the second prize, you actually get a $500 voucher that you can put straight towards, you know, my coaching, essentially. So they feel like they've won something. again.
Managing Director - JSN: Absolutely. I don't dress it up as like, it's basically a sales call consultation, but yeah, adding stuff like that, 100%.
Kyle Musca: So they feel like, oh yeah,  $500, sick. Yeah, yeah. So, and then what you might even do, so that's going to be, you're going to run that in January essentially then?
Managing Director - JSN: So I've just set the hamper up at the gym yesterday, so people are going to be aware about it. There's going to be posts and Instagram stories going out of that, not on my personal page, but I've just made it and then sending it to the team. They'll set it up for me on their Instagram account. But mainly it's going to be me in the gym, just going around, floor-to-floor strategy, you know, going up to people, hey, you're a fat , do you want to enter this hamper? Basically. And yeah, and then obviously January, I'll probably... I it the 1st of Jan, 2nd of Jan.
Kyle Musca: On that, man, I would do a simple, like a job form or something like that, and run it on your stories, you know what mean? I'm doing a, you know, a Christmas hamper, Christmas giveaway, maybe just call it a Christmas giveaway or something like that, you know, for the gym I'm at, if you want to be involved, fill out the same  process, essentially, but just run it online as well.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, I don't even have to market Snap on my, like, I can run it at Snap and on my, like, Instagram, and have the two separate, you know? Yeah, yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: I would 100%.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah. And I saw Sage release one of his challenges, maybe I could attach it to, like, a challenge as well.
Kyle Musca: Well, I would, um, I was going to say that before, but I would just separate them, to be honest, because... Right. That, you will do in January, whereas the challenge you want to start getting people now are four. Or, I mean, to be fair, you could do, depending on if you want to cross these wires, but you could do anyone that does, you know, fill out the hamper form, you contact them and be like, well, I'm actually going to be running a new year's challenge as well. You know, do you want to be involved in that?
Managing Director - JSN: I've got a massive internal challenge I'm going to be running February. So that's the one that, like, I'll be literally hitting up all my clients, my current client base, and being like, hey, if you, you know, I've basically limited this hamper or this challenge prize at a hundred people. You know, chances are, if you refer me five people, then, you know, most likely it's going to be. It's you know that's going to be winning the prize. So, automatically, you know, let's just say half my clients put in five names, there's already 50 leads right there that I can be calling. So, yeah, there's plenty of options to work with, I guess, but I'm just kind of...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what I would do is, yeah, absolutely, like, let your clients know and everything like that. But what I would do is start promoting it both in the gym and on the story, but then, like, anyone that, you know, basically applies for it now between, like, December, you call them up and be like, hey, man, like, you know, I saw you, you know, put your name down on the hamper and everything like that. You know, conversate with them a little bit, but then basically, like, well, man, I just want to give you a quick call. Not sure if it's, you know, going to be for you, but I thought I'd run it by you anyway. I'm actually going to run a New Year's Challenge. X, Y, X, Y, Z, you want to get them on a, like, you do that triage call, try and get them on actual call so you can break it down, but essentially be like, if you sign up now, man, I'll give you, like, you go into the challenge and everything like that, but I'll give you the rest of December absolutely free. And then you want to make sure they obviously start paying now, like, don't just give them that because then they pull out, but like, if they want to break down, you know, $2,000 across, let's say, four months, for example, then, you know, they can.
Managing Director - JSN: So, so I've got that, was that basically anyone who puts their name down for the hamper, they're basically getting upselled to the challenge as well, that I'll be running in February?
Kyle Musca: Yes. Can you shift the February challenge forward a bit?
Managing Director - JSN: What, to like March or something?
Kyle Musca: No, in terms of like January?
Managing Director - JSN: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because everybody... Everyone will go into a new, like everyone, it's just the mindset of new year, like you need to get the new  new year resolution is getting into it, so it's like you might as well just run a challenge to try and capture them.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, okay. I just ran it February because I noticed that's when I had like the heaviest influx of inbounds come in last year. I feel like January, there's still  on holiday and then they spend two weeks in a holiday depression and then they're like, okay, February, let's  get into it. But, yeah, I'm here and now.
Kyle Musca: It's just like a bit more strategic about when I'm going to be running it. To be fair, well, again, it's just about running a new offer. It's the same sheet, just wrap it up. So, for example, I mean, you could do something in February where it's more so about Valentine's Day and try and capture on couples, you know what mean? Or if you're trying to find a  missus or a boyfriend or something like that, then you run an offer for them as well. So, it's like... Like, you know, if  join, it's buy one, get one half price, for example, if you're a  lonely , I feel bad for you, so I'll give you $500 off.
Managing Director - JSN: Hopefully you can get a missus from that, you're sad .
Kyle Musca: So, you know, you want to be careful with how you do discounts. Like we don't have a discount service, we're not a cheap quality product. So to counter that, we just add more to it, we add bonuses. You know what mean?
Managing Director - JSN: So instead of $500 off, it's an extra month of coaching free. Yep. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, I like that, running the challenge alongside the New Year hamper. And using like the hamper as the gateway to the challenge kind of thing. Because then you got people, warm leads in front of you. Well, hey, I'm actually running this challenge as well. You know, you can get the whole of December free. amazing. specific, know, is And we're Or four or three weeks if you're coaching, you know, if you enter the challenge. Bang. And plus, if you refer two people, you know, chances are they'll be, you know, winning the prize as well because we've got that limited. I'll say it's limited to a hundred people, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You just got to be careful about, you just got to sit down and structure the offer real, really well, because it's like, if you do a December thing where it's like, cool, I mean, they probably won't remember too much, but I'd still want to not cross these wires where it's like, you I'll give you the rest of December free and then you're trying to hard sell them there, but then you call them back up on  January and be Hey man, you won the second prize here. You get $500 to put towards it. Um, I mean, those are decently different. Um, but you just want to make sure that there's no crossing of like, you already tried to offer me this earlier.
Managing Director - JSN: can't. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Well, I guess if they're in the hamper, like, the winner of the hamper doesn't get released until the 1st of Jan, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, so essentially what I, like, just off the top of my head here, what I would probably do is anyone that, like, as soon as someone, like, applies for the hamper, I'd give them a bit of a call, be like, hey, man, like, just so you put down the hamper, like, you inquired on the hamper form or whatever, just wanted to, you know, have a bit of a chat to you about what's involved and stuff. Well, I don't know, think of some  to  contact, give a reason to contact him. Be like, by the way, man, like, you know, now that we've got in the, like, while I'm chatting to you, I'm not sure if it's going to be for you, but, you know, while I'm chatting to you, I thought I'd run it by you just in case. Man, I'm going to be running a bit of a New Year's challenge. And for five people only, for the as a bit of an early bird special, the first five people that join in December, I'm actually going to give. The rest of this month, coaching absolutely free. Again, not sure if it's for you, but is that something you'd want to, you know, hear a little bit more about, man? Oh yeah, I could possibly do it. Okay, awesome. Well, I couldn't do it right now, but how about we line up a call this afternoon, we can sit down and have a proper chat.
Managing Director - JSN: So you just do like And then they're, yeah. And then that's basically them in the challenge. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if they sign up then and then they, yeah, they go into the challenge, they start paying now. But the way that you do that is like, you're just trying to pick off the low-hanging fruit of anyone that maybe is thinking about getting a coach type thing. Because if they're about getting a coach, they're like,  yeah, I'll have a chat here. But you're not also trying to do a hard sell to anyone that's, you know, not really that interested. So it does two things. One, anyone that's not really that interested, you know, not trying to hard sell then, because then you can do the, you know, magic hat thing. You've won $500 in January. be more inclined to want to have a chat. Like, you're not trying to  hard sell them, you're just sort of having a nice, friendly little chat.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, I gotcha. I gotcha. And then, obviously, when I released the hamper as well, I'll be saying, hey, you won $500, blah, blah, blah, and then maybe offer it again after that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, man, know, stoked to announce you actually, you won the second prize, which is $500 coaching. to put towards NML coaching programs. And, you know, I'm not sure if you remember, but I'm about to run a New Year's Challenge. So, if you wanted to do that, you could put that $500 towards that challenge, and then there's actually over $5,000 of prizes to be won in that. Yeah, man.
Managing Director - JSN: Doubling, the double volley, doubling down on it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that could be a good little, that could be a good little funnel. This a deal. to. You're Like New Year's, hamper, backhand of the challenge as well. Backing onto the challenge. That could be good.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I would do is, have you reached out to old clients before?
Managing Director - JSN: I actually did probably two months ago. And I've got two or three of them to sign back up. So I've got, you know, two or three of them. But honestly, I looked back through over the past four years of like, there's like probably 300 people or something. I don't know, more maybe. And I honestly like scratched  most of them off the list. I was like, I don't want to work with this  again, honestly. But there was probably like 50 people that I messaged. And yeah, I got three or four sign on again.
Kyle Musca: So... Man, I would just do it in bulk. You know what mean? Like, but if you don't want to work with them, just say like, only online. Man, like. the been tough Right. You don't have to, like, talk to them properly.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, it's true, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because I did it for my Black Friday thing, man, and I thought it worked decent as well as usually, like, that type of  does, but, like, all last week, my entire calendar was pretty much just booked with expired client recalls, and they're easy stuff, like, if they're getting back on the phone with you, they already know what to expect, they know the pricing, and then what you say to them, man, is just, like, you know, I'll give you a free program upgrade. So, instead of, like, a one, you know, one 45-minute session a week, man, we're going to do it online, I'm going to map out, you know, quite a lot's changed since we last, you know, worked together, man, instead of one 45-minute session, I'm going to do it all online, which was going to allow me to do all your workouts, X, Y, Z, completely mapped out for you, and then I'm going to give you a free program upgrade as well on that. So, you know, usually the silver package would be, you know,  $1,500 for three months. So, usually the gold package would be $2,000 for $1 But I'm going to put you on the silver rate, so you get the gold, but you save $500, and bring it right down to $1,500.
Managing Director - JSN: Bang. Yeah, and maybe I message them all in again and say, hey, look, I had a Black Friday deal. You know, it's past the Black Friday deal, but I'm reaching out to past clients and offering the same rate.
Kyle Musca: So... I mean, you could do that, or, because Black Friday's kind of already gone, you could gear it towards the challenge. Like, I'm going to run a news challenge. If you rejoin, you'll get the rest of this month free.
Managing Director - JSN: So just get  people, like, limit it to 20 spots, 25 spots or something. Give them a quick, give them a quick rundown of what is involved with it. And then, yeah, try and scoop them up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Managing Director - JSN: So do you basically, how does that work though with the payments? Do they take the upfront payment and then their subsequent payments don't start until the challenge actually starts? Or does the payments run that whole time even before the challenge starts?
Kyle Musca: So this is just something you'd figure out with them. Main thing is they start paying in, you know, December. You can't, don't give them a  month free because then you're not falling out. But like, for example, if they cover three months, they can pay it off over the four months, right? Or, you know, if they pay, you know, even if, even if it's the first month's deposit, then they can set it up. Again, it just makes more sense to do it over four months if they're going to do that, but theoretically they could do the first month's deposit there and then to secure their spot. And then if they wanted to pay the other two from February, they could from there.
Managing Director - JSN: I'm liking the $1,200 up front and then the $100 payments start when the challenge starts because then they've secured that. Yeah, with the $1,200.
Kyle Musca: Even for that, usually it's $1,200 to get started. What we could do is we could break that down to $600 now, $600 in January, and then $400 a month from that point onwards.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, done.
Kyle Musca: As long as they, like if they lay a decent enough deposit down, like they're, you know, as long as they show intent. So, this is the Black Friday one. I basically did. Basically, you would just gear this towards a challenge one. But you just want to conversate to start. Hey John, it's Josiah. Been a minute since we last spoke. How's things been? Have you been staying on top of everything since, you know, we last worked together? Something like, whatever. Or on the program, if you call it a program. People upset if they don't reply. And then it's split stuff. They say, yeah. Obviously, goes in a different direction to say, if they say no. They were like, yeah. Hell yeah, man. What are you sort of focusing on at the moment? Or like, what's the main goals you're working If they say no, what have been struggling with? So again, it always comes back down to that. Goals and struggles, right? And then like step three, I've had a few other people, I've had quite a lot of other people jump back on board lately. So the reason we say something like that, these are very subtle things, but the reason we say things like that is because they're psychological triggers, that if, especially like humans, like we're very social creatures, if a lot of other people are doing a certain thing, then we also want to, you know, be like that. And this can work to a negative degree. Like, so they've done, for example, studies where, for example, they put in a national park, sign basically saying like a lot of people litter, it hurts the environments, don't litter. But because they worded it as in like a lot of people litter, it actually like increased littering. So you've got to be careful about the wording. So I've had a lot of people jump back on board recently. I thought I'd reach out to let you know, I'm running a new year's challenge for past, new year's challenge. So you basically, you wouldn't even have to say for past clients, or you could say, and for past clients, if they want to rejoin, I'm going to give them the full December. Holy , that was retarded. I'm going to give them December absolutely free. And there's over 5,000. Again, you can slap whatever number you want on, prizes to be won. With that, just be a bit careful about it, because obviously there's a legality around it, you should be fined. But realistically, the way I think of it is like, if everyone signed up, I'm going to give them all $500 voucher to continue on. So if, you know,  16 people, at least 16 people join, then I've got at least $8,000 of prizes to be giving away.
Managing Director - JSN: Hmm. I'm liking it. Just, you can use this for anything really, as well as like, just change the wording. Maybe everyone who's done a consultation with me in the past six months, even.
Kyle Musca: I don't know. Well, exactly, that's where this actually originates from. So it's a black, it's a magic hat, got to make sure this is the right one. Okay, so it's basically a magic hat. Let me send you this so I don't  forget.
Managing Director - JSN: Is there any good places to eat at Pac-Fair? I'm just sitting in the car, I'm just sitting in the car park.
Kyle Musca: Not 100% sure I don't eat at Pac-Fair that often. There's also this, that works really well. And this is basically, it's very similar to, oh , that's not what I want to do. Very similar to this trick, which is called the magic hat trick. So I was like, hey, John, I randomly select someone, once a month, If I randomly select someone who's inquired about coaching, it must be your lucky day that you've won. This one. So you've reached out, you've got some awesome news every month at a random giveaway. Anyone that's inquired about coaching and today must be your lucky day because your name was the one that landed on. Haha. If you wanted to add a step to this, I don't because it's, you know, kind of  tedious and a lot of work. You can take a photo and like act like pull a name out of a hat and have it as like a blank piece of paper and then like write their name in as if it like that helps to do it, obviously, because it looks more legit. I don't personally do that. a bit of  dick around. You scored a $500 coaching voucher. You can put straight towards one of my coaching packages. Let me know if you want to collect on that and I'll run you through the next steps. All right, if they say yes or submit. So the reason this works is they feel like they've won something. Now I have tried this a different way in by saying. I randomly choose three people, that didn't work anywhere near as well. So it definitely works by saying like if they're the sole winner. Awesome endless time to jump on a call and have a chat about what's involved, see what options are going to work best for you. When would work best for you over the next days and I'll see what I can do. When they book in and then I just double down on the shop, Because this is a giveaway, want to make sure it goes to the right person. And I'm not going to be able to do reschedules on it. So I just want to make sure you can 100% make that time. Now, depending on if they're qualified, I just go straight in for the call like that. If they're not, like if they didn't get to the call, because basically I'll do this for anyone that's inquired. So even if they like chat and then you can't qualify them about their job and they just go cold. If they aren't qualified, they're like, awesome, man. Just so I can gauge which options are going to be best for you. Ask, you know, what do you do for work? good. It's a little thrown I just want just it. Date Let's do want look Because And Perfect, man. I'd be keen to learn a little bit more about what your goals, so we can get built properly. Couldn't do it right now, let's jump on a call. If it is a low ticket one, then I know to sell them a low ticket, sorry, not qualified, sell them a low ticket option.
Managing Director - JSN: Essentially the same stuff. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'll share this with you.
Managing Director - JSN: Perfect. Yeah, get all that in the chat for me, mate.
Kyle Musca: That'd be great. Anyone who's inquired about... And again, you could do that for your entire ... Obviously the more recent ones are the better ones, but you could do that for all your inquiries all the time. Because you've never touched them. That's the other thing about these things, man, is like this is why something like that works really well, or something like the expired clients works really well, is because you know that these people are interested in coaching. They're conscious about their health and fitness. And you know that... Especially expired clients, you know, they're willing to invest into it. Does that make sense?
Managing Director - JSN: Absolutely. And yeah, it's a good retargeting campaign for all of those people as well. Just scoop a bunch of people up, add more people to the challenge. What do you reckon is a good, you know, 20 people? 20 people for a challenge? Yeah. As many as you can, really.
Kyle Musca: As many as you can. It's good to, you just slap those things on there to drive urgency with it, yeah.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah. You could even say 10 people, you know what mean? Yep. they're getting like $500, not discount, but like coaching credits to their plan.
Kyle Musca: Technically, that is a discount, but that's only to to take Because they're a prize winner, you're not just giving a discount for the sake of giving a discount. And realistically, you could do it two ways. You could, if you want, just clients across the line, you could just, you know, voucher it on standard packages, right? So it's like if it's charging two grand, obviously it's 1500, or just inflate the prices.
Managing Director - JSN: Usually it's 2500, but now you get it for two grand. Okay. A few little things to work on there. Yeah, I guess I'll, next week, we've still got like a good, it's probably another week until I pull the trigger on starting to get people for the hamper. But I guess with the challenge, I can start building that structure out how the offer is going to look, and then how we're actually going to, you know, funnel people from the hamper to the challenge as well. So I'll get all that map out, just so I know, like . The flow of what's involved and what to say to them as well when they first come on. So I might have to restructure my sales a little bit, just when we're jumping on triage calls and that, with whatever offer I'm running, you know, so...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially, I mean, you don't really have to change much of it. Like, in terms of the sales structure, did you go over that script I sent you for the sales script last week?
Managing Director - JSN: The DM script?
Kyle Musca: I'm pretty sure I sent you the sales script too, didn't I?
Managing Director - JSN: From memory, I can't see it. But...
Kyle Musca: Did we run through the sales script?
Managing Director - JSN: I know, but we might have read No, we haven't. But, we might have had a look at it, actually. But, honestly, my sales script is pretty... Dialled in. Like, if I'm... Yeah. ok. Yeah there. Oh, Like, I'm so happy with that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's why I haven't really, like, brought it up. Usually I bring it up way more than this, but your sales have been fine. I think it's still something we'll implement in time, definitely, just because it's really good at getting people emotional. And especially as we get into, like, ads and cold outreach and stuff, that's super , not cold outreach, cold audience. That's super  important. But yeah, it's not something like a hyper-artic. Essentially, no, I wouldn't really change the sales script as much, like, the way you go about it. I would probably just gear it towards, like, wording of the challenge or something like that. And then, like, you know, when it obviously comes into the time to bring up pricing and stuff like that, you basically just say, like, look, typically it would be X amount, but because you've, you know, won this giveaway, that would bring it right down to just X amount.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, okay. Unreal.
Kyle Musca: Unreal. And then, and then you basically just need to push a lot of emergency because if they're like, I'll think about X, Y, Z, like, yeah, look, that's no stress at all. Because it's... uh... I basically need to make a decision on it today. I need someone confirmed for it today. I do have let someone else know that they are a backup for it, and they are ready for a call pretty much straight after this. So if you want to go away thinking about it, that's absolutely fine. Just a bit of a heads up that unfortunately I'm going to have to get this other guy on for it because, again, make a reason.
Managing Director - JSN: Just, yeah, urgency and...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can go away and think about it. And by all means, it's just if you do that, unfortunately, the voucher won't be applied to it.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I got that. We'll put that in. Yeah, it's all about that language, how you're framing it, I guess. So, yeah. No, awesome. Awesome. How is the content? Or do you want to talk a bit more
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was about to ask you, how have you been going with that? Have you been posting much as frequently?
Managing Director - JSN: A little bit more than usual. Not as much as I'd like. I'm not doing the two days a week, but I'm getting one over the weekend that I posted one. Yesterday I didn't post. But yeah, I've been posting a lot more regularly, I guess. So those four calls that I booked this week, they all referred back to like a piece of content I'd posted. They were like, oh yeah, it just really resonated when you said, you know, about typically people over 30 that really resonated with me and, you know, busy business owners or, you know, busy parents, like they're really  with that. So whenever I posted the hand raises, like the sticker, the sticker worked great. Um, you know, so, yeah, so, and even, one thing I noticed, yep, yep, sorry, it's just, um, trying to that frequency posting them all.
Kyle Musca: So two days, four days, six days. Yep. So you really don't want to let that sort of run dry. Um, like bare, bare minimum, I would like, obviously there's gonna be days where like, for example, I  on a plane all day yesterday and tired as , so I didn't post anything. Um, but like, you really want to nail that consistency. Like if, if, if there's nothing, there's no reason why you can't post once a day, like I would definitely try and get a post up once a day, at least.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I've got, I've probably got seven or eight videos still cooking. So yeah, I'll try and get those sorted out. Um, it's just the editing. The editing does take a little bit of time. I just need to make sure I'm prioritizing the editing. It's just the editing. And then I've got literally eight edited, ready to go, that I can just call upon when I need, rather than, oh yeah, edited a bit here, edited a bit there, I haven't posted yesterday, let's try and get one done, because all of it's  done, and right there, ready to go. I feel like that's, once I can get to that level, that's when it will start really adding more fuel to the flame, guess, because even just posting every second day and doing the stories, like, you know, I've had way more influx of inquiries organically, so I, we're, we're  onto something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, again, usually, it literally just comes down to outworking people, man, like most people don't , you know, like how you were when we started, most people don't post content very regularly, they don't prioritize it, because they can't see a direct return out of it. So it's like, just by consistently doing it, man, you, you outdo, like, 90% of the competition on that alone. Yeah, and then there's some people that, you know, that go through a week or two, or maybe even... A month of posting consistently, and then they're like, oh, I didn't gain  10,000 followers, I'm going to stop. You know what mean? So, yeah, the consistency of it is massive, and the longer you're consistent with it, the better it will be. The other thing on that is, like, that's why these videos are really good, is because they're so  easy to film.
Managing Director - JSN: I mean, so, to edit. Like, I literally, like, I'll edit mine at the gym, it'll take me like two minutes to do it, and then I'll post it. Or just between, it'll be. That other one that got, like, that reaction video is still going.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, this is the other thing as well, on those reactions. They will, and you'll see that. Sometimes, by the way, like, you'll post it and won't do that well for a couple of days, or even a couple, like, a week or two longer. And then it can rip. You know what mean? So, like, the more content you have, the more likely you are to go viral. So, now, one last thing, before I stop yapping, is on these, I think you started to get the... It's bit educational with these types of posts, whereas this one wasn't as educational, it's more inspirational, motivational type of , or mindset.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, I got it. Keep them more towards just my opinion, or raw opinion on it. Don't try and coach in it, it's just like, hey, something funny maybe, or inspirational, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and again, try and do highly, highly relevant. Creatine, that was like, 2023 people were , you know, because we're in the information age, so it's like, it doesn't take long for certain trends like creatine and aspartame and all that  to, you know, be pretty common knowledge. So now when people see them, they're not that interested in it anymore.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, I've seen, I've seen ones of like, a real  obese chick, like, this is... This my day in life eating, and then she's got this , like, big slab of cake in front of her, and then this guy's doing a reaction like, oh, here we go, it's like, let's watch this  guy absolutely roast this chick, about what she's gonna eat.
Kyle Musca: So those are really good, man. That OB Health guy, he does them, I'm not sure if he's done it recently, but he used to do them, and they do work really well, so for two reasons. One, for what you just said, like, especially if it's a fat chick or something like that, it can sound like this guy's about to absolutely just  maul her, which again, I would never come from a super negative angle.
Managing Director - JSN: Nah.
Kyle Musca: So, full David. And then, again, I would, to do something like that, I would come watch him, because he does these really  well, and they do really well. The other reason they do really well is because people continue watching them to, one, see what they're eating, but then also to see your feedback on what they're eating. I mean, at least someone eats some of the most nutritionally dense foods. I'll be tracking our calories and macros and give our helpful advice as a fitness coach. Where do I even start? 3 in 5 calories, eating protein from the kai's cheese and the salmon. The salmon is also rich in omega-3 fats, which is great for anti-inflammatory hormone regulation, your skin, your heart healthy. See, every word he just said made every 40 to 50 year old woman's  wet. You know, in  hormones. Like, a bunch of  that they don't even  know what the  that is. It just sounds really good to their ears.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: With your brain health, you're just getting a little bit of calcium with my kai's cheese because it's not that big of a serving. And you're getting vitamin C and fiber from the fruit on the side. I'm bringing a flash sale on my coaching comment at 35, if want a 35% discount for my one-on-one coaching. I'm so stoked! 488 calories. He even threw in there. upsell, I wouldn't do it that early. He used two potatoes. So rich and Vitamin A, which so many people neglect, great for your gut, great for your hormones, great, it's just an overall great micronutrient, it also has fiber, it's more satiated than most carb sources, she also has omega-9 fats coming from the avocado, and she needs an iron and protein from the steak, and additional iron from the asparagus. He's probably, he's known for doing this, which is why I think he's getting away with it a more, but he's probably talking a bit too much. I can't have it because my piss is horrible.
Managing Director - JSN: You know what mean? Keep it real snappy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good protein, good amount of fiber. I personally, you know, reduce some of the fats, and get a little bit more vegetation, whatever the . You know what mean? It doesn't have to be anything crazy. So it works great for fit girls, it works great for fat girls. Being I eat today, as a fat girl. There's a lot of fat girls that do everything I eat today as a fat girl. But you already know that I'm a fat girl who loves to eat, so come eat with me at Texas Hotel. You know the drill, we'll be driving our galleries. I've heard amazing things about the...
Managing Director - JSN: Here. For 's sake. It's shocking, eh? Yeah. It's  terrible. That's what gets people hooked into it, though. Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: 100%.
Managing Director - JSN: Mate, I'm just looking at my phone battery. I've got 5% left. Yeah. I've got to go to a cafe and find a charger.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, that's all good, man. We're wrapping things up anyway, but... Yeah. Yeah. Cool, man. You've got to run, but any other questions or anything quickly before you go?
Managing Director - JSN: I think it's pretty straightforward, mate. What we're doing and what we need to do, which is still dialing in content, upping the frequency, we're running the challenge, we're doing the hamper, you know, just some grassroots marketing strategies and really setting up January. So, for when we run, you know, paid campaigns, so... yeah, not anything directly. I'll just get the notes and, you know, pick them apart and what to do. So, yeah, I think we're in a good flow now. So, 20k consistently, let's just  steady the ship here and push for that 30, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%, man. Again, big thing with that, is setting yourself up for January, is being consistent with the content as well, because that will make it. So, again, ideally for this month and everything for the future, post at least once a day.
Managing Director - JSN: While everyone's sleeping over the summer, bro.
Kyle Musca: But dude, literally last year, I was in  Austria. didn't post all of December for that reason. So, I'm even guilty of being on the opposite end of what I said before.
Managing Director - JSN: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, and there's a fuckload on. So, I'd much rather have a backload of content ready to go than just, like, chasing my tail a little bit. Over the next few weeks, so I might try and pump out an extra five this week. So I've got some there, got some ammunition in the tank.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Cool, man. All right, well, I'll let you run. If you do have any questions, just see ya, man.
Managing Director - JSN: Easy, bro.
Kyle Musca: Have fun over there, mate. Yeah, you too. Cheers, man. See ya.


>>> 31/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-03T02:59:24Z | id:105798815
People: Kyle Musca

Michael: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey bro, how going?
Michael: Yeah, good bro, I'm back.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry, it's lag, it's a .
Michael: Can you hear me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, cool man. How's things been?
Michael: Yeah, not too bad bro, , yesterday was like the first day I was able to like eat, and it was  awesome, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and I remember when I got my wisdom teeth taken, and it was  . Were you under anesthesia, or did still awake?
Michael: It was like, it was like, in between, it was like IV sedations, like twilight or some , but I was fully gone, I don't remember jack .
Kyle Musca: Oh, and I did like local anesthesia, and that was a mistake.
Michael: that, all four?
Kyle Musca: I actually had five, I had like two in one, and then like.
Michael: What the hell? Oh, man, it was like three hours of just straight torture. Oh, hell no. That sounds  up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was like, oh, it can't be too bad. And then it was too bad.
Michael: was  awful. was horrendous.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Yeah, sorry about the change up.
Michael: Flying to Canada was a bit of a  spanner in the works, but we're here now. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. How's this week gone overall?
Michael: Pretty decent. Like, obviously, all things considered, I was actually relatively happy with how it panned out. Like, all videos still went out as per usual, as per schedule. I think this week in total, including like Wednesday last week, was like 17 videos total for the week. So, yeah, posting's been sweet. Stories was, like, pre-made as well, like, for the Sunday night. And then still did, like, the questions and the polls and whatnot through the stories throughout the week. Because... Well, and then I think I have a chat or call with like one of the boys this afternoon where I use that. I'll go for this script that you sent me with him. I'm going to be doing like a role play sort of thing with one of my mates after this with that as well. And then just sort of giving that a crack and then seeing, seeing how we go this other.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Have you had many calls this last week?
Michael: Nah. like I, yeah, I couldn't have. So yeah, I pushed them. So I was supposed to have two, both people that I like sort of know today, but then one of them, we're pushing it back to the weekend, but the other guy's still this afternoon.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So you've got two lined up or more? Like total?
Michael: Two.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Michael: Two. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, man. usually pretty, usually pretty good, pretty good speakers. Can you hear me?
Michael: What was that, sorry? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You can't hear me?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay, cool. Yeah, if you already know them, that's usually a pretty good sign.
Michael: Like, you've got that kind of trust already.
Kyle Musca: Have you done – for the people that did raise their hand on the polls and stuff, did you message off the back end of them?
Michael: Yeah, yeah. But the polls – yeah, the polls this week weren't, like, anything, like, heavy, like, fitness-related. There was one where it was, like, like, what's more confusing for you, like, training on nutrition, message the boys off the back end of that, which is what one of the guys, like, one of the calls came from, was that. One of the – like, the one on the weekend was just this – one of my boys that was talking to me about it, like, a bit ago. And so he wants to have a proper chat about it now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sick. Yeah, so the polls – I mean, again – They're either just a start conversation, kind of like you made on the weekend, just to start a conversation, to have a chat about it now, and then, one, you either get them on a call, and ideally, they do close into a client, or, two, maybe they just go back into a nurture sequence, and then, like, you know, they might reach out in a couple weeks or a couple months, you know, when they're actually in a buying mindset stage. So being consistent on them. Have you done much of the questionnaires?
Michael: Obviously, you can't really, but yeah. Yeah, did a questionnaire the day before my surgery, so, like, the night before, and I just put another one up there this morning, earlier today. But yeah, so I've done, yeah, I do, like, them once a week-ish.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Do you get much interest on them?
Michael: Like, here and there. Like, today, I get some, like, my mates sometimes just, like, type some weird-  in there, bro. But, um, today I I've got like two in there now. Last week, there was a couple in there, like four or five that I went through. But it does okay.
Kyle Musca: Nothing crazy, but it does all right. Yeah. So even with them, man, like sometimes, you know, if you're not getting very sort of good ones or the ones you kind of like ideally are looking for, which is health and fitness training related , then you might want to just  throw them in there yourself. You know what mean? Like, you know, because no one can see it anyway. And it's a good way just to get on camera and just like talk some coaching game. Yeah. And show people that you actually have the knowledge base and everything to do. And I think for, you know, those are kind of the ones where, you know, it'd be good for the stories, some of the, you know, talking ahead ones where you do where it is like a little bit more niche related. You know, for example, like, you know, off the top of my head, you know, should I either, should I invest in some lifting straps or. Or, you know, I find when I'm doing bent-over barbell rows, I can't hold the weight or something like that. And then you can get on there and talk about, like, yeah, so, like, if your grip strength is the only factor, then, you know, this is going to take away from the back gains that you can't get and not be able to, you know, get maximal stimulus on the back. This is why lifting straps are a really good , you know, useful thing that I would highly recommend. So you can get into more of the niche-specific topics on the story, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool work. Now, the other thing I think is just on the story stuff is get creative, and this will come with time, but get creative with the offers that you're doing and around it. So, for example, you might do, you know, maybe it's either on one or probably more ideally on, like, two or three stories where you tell a bit of a story. Let's say it's about, you know, nutrition or, you know, off the top of my head, let's say, one of the most common questions. One I get asked is, should I train, should I do more volume, when I'm going to cut, should I do more volume to burn more calories? And then the next, you know, this is one of the worst things you can do, and here's why, pointing to the next story. And then more of an educational one, you're going to increase fatigue, kinder recovery, training itself does very little for burning calories, X, Y, Z, so a bit of tips. And then on the third story, know, whatever you say on the third story, but essentially it's like, for the first three people that tap the sticker, I'm going to give a free training audit or something like that, right? So they tap on the sticker, and then you message off the back end of that.
Michael: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then ideally you get them on an actual call, like a 10, 15 minute call, and you basically just... Break down why everything that they're doing is . You know what mean? Training seven days a week. Gotcha, man. Yeah. Okay. I can see how that may be, you know, hindering progress. Realistically, you're not going to be able to recover. So you basically, again, same as in content and everything, you talk about the what, but not the how. You know what mean? So ideally, man, you probably want to pull that back to like five days a week. Don't get me wrong. In the two other days, you can focus on active recovery. can do a bit of cardio. can still do things. We just want to make like, you know, we just want to make sure that we're not, we're allowing for maximal recovery, like proper, sufficient recovery. So you've told them the what, but you haven't told them like how to do that, essentially.
Michael: How do you structure a five-day split?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, and there's levels to it as well. There's levels to it. You could be like, yeah, so I'll do a push-pull legs, you know, shoulders, arm, chest, back, for example. That's still the what. It's not the how. It's not saying this is what I would do for those days. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Of course. And then again, with all those things, man, you just throw it in there and be like, you know, after you've given the value, you know, man, out of curiosity, have you ever, you know, thought about just working with a coach to get this all sorted for you? Oh, yeah, I've thought about it, but I've never really, you know, done anything with it. Gotcha, man. I mean, it's not for everyone. I couldn't do it right now, man. But if you want to do have like a little bit more of an in-depth chat about, you know, where you're at with things, where you want to take things, and I guess what would potentially be involved. With getting a coach, man, did you want to like line up a bit of time to sit down and have a chat?
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, with those things, like with all sales wording, man, you never want to be direct. You know what mean? You always throw in words like probably and potentially and maybe, and it might not be the right fit for you and, you know, stuff like that. Because it takes away the pressure a lot.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's like a cute... Curious Tone. Have you ever thought about potentially getting a coach just to help us all with this? Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So I think the audits would be really good for you, man. And again, you might even want to sit down and figure out like four different things that you can do for that. And then every single week of every month, you do a different thing on the day. You know, so for example, week one might be a training audit. Week two might be you build out a free seven-day custom program for someone. That's a really good one, by the way, because it's usually pretty easy to  do. You get them into the system. You get them playing around with the product and service a little bit. And then you talk about at the end of it, we're going to be doing a check-in call, which is the upsell straight into a coaching program.
Michael: Right. So when you do that, do you actually put them on your app and ?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would get them uploaded. Um, cause as long as it's not like crazy difficult for you to do, if it's like too difficult, then don't  do it. Um, yeah, of course. And realistically, like just build a custom program, like a custom program, a set program that you do this for, and then just  copy and paste them to their account.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's really good because again, it gets them into the system, gets them playing around with the products. So psychologically, people are more likely to take action to keep something that they already have and they want to keep it more than they are to gain something that they want. Yeah. It's just human instincts, you know what mean? Like if I have like a  dead gazelle and Jerry over there is trying to take my dead gazelle, like, you know what mean? I'm more defensive over it than going to get a new  gazelle, you know?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Um, so it's, yeah, humans are a program.
Michael: is it. Yeah, and then would you, like, the check-in call, is that after, like, week, or?
Kyle Musca: Sorry, cut out there. What was that?
Michael: The check-in call that you said that you do with them after, is that after a week?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And the show-up rate should be really high on that because they think it's a check-in call. They think they're gaining more value by showing up. What is a check-in call? But you would just go straight into the sales call, man.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Of course, of course. I mean, like, cool, man. I guess, like, what sort of prompted you to, you know, even take, you know, join that seven-day sort of program thing? I suppose that really good for that. And with all of these things, man, always add the urgency after it. So, like, when they do the sticker tap, you know, again, five, ten minutes later, put something up in their story, that position's gone. Yeah. But, again, anyone that taps the sticker, you can still message out because they won't see that next story until after they tap it. what, what And basically just change the wording on it, like, hey, bro, position's gone, but, you know, I saw you tap on that sticker, so I thought I'd just reach out to see if there's anything I can help you with, you know, just to give you a bit of advice, like, see if I can give you a little bit of advice and send you in the right direction, something like that. And then you maybe try and qualify. Again, keep it simple. Goal, struggle, financially qualify by asking your job. I've already been through this already before, hey.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, man. Yeah, so, man, it seems like you're pretty serious about it, you know. And then you try and basically word it as in they're special. So, like, you know, usually I wouldn't do this, man, but it does seem like you're pretty serious about making a change. So, man, if you want, I'm happy to build you a seven-day free program. Only if they're qualified, though. If they're not  qualified, like, if they're like, oh, I'm a student, I'm not working. It's like, cool, man. Eat more. a-day program. Protein. Have a good day. off.
Michael: Yeah, mate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, bro. So that might be week two, for example. Week three, you might do a nutrition audit. Week four, I don't know, something else in there.
Michael: Sit down, actually think about it, get creative with it, and then have that as a weekly on-rolling thing. Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then I was just thinking, like, that's the way you can tag them, but I don't think there is. You don't have many chat, do you?
Michael: No.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's probably not super necessary at the moment. No need to have that expense. But there's a really good thing, it's called a magic hat trick.
Michael: Have you ever heard of a magic hat trick? No.
Kyle Musca: So essentially, you can use it in all different ways, but like a really good one, for example, is anyone that's ever inquired about coaching and hasn't signed up, you basically just go back and contact them again and be like, hey, man, every single month I do a free giveaway for someone who's inquired about coaching. Must be your lucky day because I drew your name out of the hat, man. So, which essentially means you get $500 to put towards one of my coaching packages. If you're on, if you're keen to learn, if you're keen to take, take up that offer, just let me know and I'll run you through what's involved.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so people feel like they've won, so one, they feel like they've won something, which makes them, you know,  excited. But two, you know, they feel like they get $500 off, so they feel like they're saving quite a lot. And for you, what I would, what I would do is, what I would, what I would do for you is if they get on the call and you haven't said pricing, if you've already said pricing, you know, you kind of just have to give $500. But if you've never said pricing to them and they don't know it, then You can just inflate the price by like $500. So usually it's like $2,000 or usually it's $1,750 for the full three months, man. The $500 off, it would just be $1,250.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense, man?
Michael: That does make sense, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You can do it to old clients as well. They're probably on a lower pricing model than you're on at the moment. But what you could do in that case is if they're paying, so you have to obviously draw the line. they're paying like  pennies and it's like what I would do, same, same, same goes for either or. So if they're paying, if they were paying pennies or they're already on like a decent rate, but, you know, you don't want to obviously ask more if they're rejoining because they're just not going to probably do it. But essentially you'd say like, cool, man, so I can keep you on that same rate and instead of $500 off, what I'll do is I'll just give you a free program upgrade.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael: So, like, technically, you'd still be getting $500 off. Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Different ways. Again, this just is about sitting down and getting, like, a little bit creative of it, you know, seeing what you can pair together, what makes sense. So you could do, like, you know, usually it'd be $17.50, but with the voucher man, it'd bring it right down to $12.50. What I was going to say, it'd bring it right down to $12.50, and it'll give you a free program upgrade. So all in all, man, you'd actually be saving about $1,000.
Michael: Yeah, no, I know what mean.
Kyle Musca: Different ways you can do it. Cool, man. I think that would work. That would probably be, if you did. That well, that would be a big sort of hitter for you each week.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Good thing about these things, Dan, is like they're not, you're only going to be speaking to people that are actually like somewhat interested in getting help with it because like someone's not  going to the gym or anything and they're not going to tap on a free custom program thing.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Woman, is there anything before you like continue on the stuff, is there anything specifically that you want to cover this week?
Michael: Not like necessarily, I think at the moment from what I can see anyway, like things are going okay. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I I think. I did a, like a transformation post, like, because I don't really, I think since I started posting more, like, coaching-related , I don't really post about myself at all on my page. And I did, like, a transformation kind of post, and that's been, like, the best engaged post for, like, the last, like, three months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I'm just looking at now. Well, I'll show my screen, so I look at it. And then this was probably, I was assuming, trending audio that you found.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah, well, I've been hearing it a bit, and then I've seen, like, someone else did, like, a similar video, and so I was just like, oh,  it, I'll just do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so I'll definitely get these ones in there. Again, three things. They're super easy to make, typically. You're leveraging the same as the reaction ones. You're leveraging something that's already viral and Instagram favors. So it's like if you get a trending sound on the come-up and then you do something like this, it's like a decent likelihood that it actually will do quite well. Four things, actually. One, can see that this style of content does do well for you. Like, clearly after that, in terms of engagement. And then the other thing, and I think an important factor is that you're showing off your physique, man. And I think that's quite underrated because people will, your physique sell. You know what mean? If you've got a good physique, it will sell itself.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You're getting, like, pretty good views, man.
Michael: Yeah, it's definitely done a lot better this last, like, couple weeks.
Kyle Musca: Even just, like, talking. Even that, dude. 12,000. Yeah. You know what would be a really good  thing, especially if it's easy enough to do on these stellar ones, man? You know, comment, comment program, and I'll build you a free custom seven-day program.
Michael: Yeah. Like in the, like as a prompt on the post or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So you've already got it here. If you want your session reviewed, DME. Oh, I didn't realize I could see you didn't. What the ? What is the point of having hidden comment then?
Michael: Anyway. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: But that did well, man. Like that's really good.
Michael: Like that's a good time.
Kyle Musca: It's good to analyze. otherwise. This guy looks insane, but you know the drill. Let's see if his advice is any good. I'm going to rate his back and triceps workout and give you some raw, unfiltered insight as to what's hot and what's not as an online fitness coach.
Michael: I kind of feel like I need to cut that shorter. Yeah. I feel like I've chatted for quite a bit there.
Kyle Musca: Right, the bro is massive, so I'm going to rate his push day and give you some raw, unfiltered insight as to what's hot and what's maybe not as an online fitness coach. This guy looks insane, but you know the drill. Let's see if his advice is any good. I'm going to rate his back and triceps workout and give you some raw, unfiltered insight as to what's hot and what's not as an online fitness coach. I'm just trying to figure out, like, is there any differences, any slight differences that cause the difference between the views? Right, the bro is massive, so I'm going to rate his push day and give you some raw, unfiltered insight as to what's
Michael: And what's maybe not as an online fitness coach. I think the only difference is in the other one, I can say, let's see if his advice is any good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You'll still say that. This guy looks insane, but you know the drill, let's see if his advice is any good. I'm going to write his back and try his workout and give you... Yeah, you know the drill, let's see if his advice is any good. Yeah, that sounds like a bit better wording, so you might want to double down on that.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: In these videos, do you say this is a part of my series?
Michael: No.
Kyle Musca: I would start doing that. Not in this part. No, not in this part, I will slide down too much. But at some point, I would say, might even be at the end. This is my Hot or Not training series, where I break down people's workouts to see if they're worth a go or not. If you want more videos like these, drop a follow. Yeah. Because it's like when you say it's a series, people have a reason to follow. You know what I mean? Again, this is just a side. When you give someone a reason, like they'll take action or they'll comply more. And it sounds simple, but like they did a study on this essentially where people would line up in a photo, like people were lining up to get photocopies. And they did a study where a girl would walk up with, you know, obviously  things to get photocopied. And she was like, do you mind if I cut in front of you? And the compliance rate was like, I think it was like 30% or something. It's pretty low. Whereas when she walked up and said, do you mind if I cut in front of you? Because I'm in a rush, the compliance rate was like 90 or 80 or 90%. So it was like massively. So it's like, because I X, Y, Z. But the interesting thing was they did the same, obviously study, same circumstances where she walked up and she said, So the first one was because I'm in a a
Michael: Rush.
Kyle Musca: They did a second one where she walked up and she's like, but can I make, do you mind if I come in front of you? Because I need to make some copies. So it's like, obviously you need to make copies if you're in the  line. But like, so even without a legitimate reason, it's still, and that was still like pretty much the same. was a marginal decrease, but it was pretty much the same.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So just by adding, you know, like, you know, drop a follow because I do these almost every single day.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, even that one, these do, do sort of pop off for you a little bit. But there's, you know, there's, there's 158, man. These are pretty good engagements. Should I be, like. Is John, who's that? Is that someone you know?
Michael: Nah, but I did review his session.
Kyle Musca: To the public?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think the issue here is probably because most people don't post their full workout. So you're getting a pretty small niche. You obviously said that in the, in the, do you say it, you do say like out of 10, what, what you'd give it a?
Michael: For the most part, I think I miss it on some of them, but for the most part.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So. Instead of. Instead of. Just saying, like, if you want me to review it, maybe, like, DME your full... If you want me to review your workout, DME... Again, figure out the wording, but DME your full workout, and I'll break it down. I'll give you feedback on what I think you can improve. Yeah. You know what mean? So instead of, like, them having to post something, like, they know they can just message you about it.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: That's been pretty impressive, but, like, those are pretty good views. So I'll double down on them.
Michael: And I think this is all before...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, , views have jumped massively since then.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, Even that did decently well, like, that's... Yes, I know. The amount of  I could talk... We'd be endless here. But instead, you tell me. Tell me why you're doing a single-arm tricep pushed down with your tricep pushed against. See, I think the issue here is this 's just not very popular today.
Michael: I've seen this video, it probably went viral. Yeah, I don't, like, those, I used to do the reaction videos like that, but it was just, like, a mish of a setup to film. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think another, like, sort of area that you'd do well in, like, in terms of reviewing, and, like, it would double down with this kind of content, is science-based lifting reactions. Whether you kind of say, because I assume you're going to come from the angle of, like, you know, very science-backed, but at the same time, you know, what some people do is just completely  useless.
Michael: Oh, 100%. I think, like, I'm a bro at heart.
Kyle Musca: Like, I see some absolutely horrendous  online. Yeah. Like, I do. Well, for me, like, I don't know if you've seen mine, but, like, you know, for example, this.
Michael: Oh, my God.
Kyle Musca: Have you seen this video?
Michael: I've seen the video.
Kyle Musca: I haven't seen your reaction to it. Someone please explain to me, with a straight face, why we're doing this, how it results in, even in accounts. See, these, you can kind watch this in your own time if you want. But these are, these are  great because, one, everyone, everyone hates this  people that do this . You know what mean? Like, you're throwing, you're throwing stones at someone, and humans love to throw stones. You know what mean? I'm not hating on him by any means, but I'm also saying that this is useless. It's just not, you know, it's not necessary. And you look like an idiot. But, and it starts conversation, 199 comments on that.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, almost comparable to this that did, like,  10 times, probably. 100 times better. Yeah, at least 10 times better in views. Extremely close. . Yeah, 1.3 versus, I mean, I still got 300k, which is really good, but like, you know, pretty large gap in terms of views, but pretty, you know, comparable comments. And they're, you know, they're very eye-catching as well, because again, they're pretty stupid. So, I know I did another one. Where was it? I that did it right. That was clearly satire, but I still decided to make, you know, when you see the opportunity to do it, man, like,  do it. Something like this. I mean, if you can get, you've probably seen this. Yeah, bro. So again, like, I think they would be a really good niche for you to get into, because they're a little bit more, you know, entertaining and engaging than just the, like, the, the workout reviews, if that makes sense. I think it's a great piece of content and there's clearly, you know, clearly merit. To double down and continue becoming known for that guy that does that. But this would be a good addition onto that, if that makes sense.
Michael: Of course, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So definitely keep, continue doing those.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, does that all make sense?
Michael: Yeah, I think I did like one, like down a little bit of this guy doing lateral raises on like a  seated, abduction machine. But I posted it to trial reels first before I posted it on the page.
Kyle Musca: And the one on trials did a lot better than this one on the page. I don't even think, trial reels, I wouldn't even post on anymore, man. Was a bit of a hack at the start because it didn't matter how many times you  post things. You just post it like 10 repost things a day. But now you can't, you can't do that because it will read the video ID and it won't, it won't allow, it won't push. So I wouldn't even post these trial reels anymore. Sorry, I wouldn't say that. If you're going to do it, it's not like I would rely on it as your heart and soul of growth, but I would post the video first on your actual page to give it the best chance of going viral. And then you can post on trial reels after a couple of days, after a couple of weeks or something, probably after a couple of weeks, because I would let the video circulate organically before you  with it by any means.
Michael: Yeah, of course. That's sort of what I have been doing. The only things that I do to trial reels still is like just the text on screen videos, but I just reword the text or like change the text to just something entirely different.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, beautiful. And then, again, I also think with the reaction, style reels, just looking at your page now, because all your reactions are the workout reviews. I think just getting some other style of reactions in there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Would be good. Again, just to add, just to add. And, you know, again, it's kind of, again, this is like ad stuff, but it's essentially quick overview. So meta just brought out a new update for the ads algorithm where it's basically called the Andromeda system, which basically tests when you run ads, you've got like a big pool of people if you do targeting. And inside that pool of people, there's like little pools. So it's like, if we do fitness, that's pretty broad. So some people might be trying to get into fitness for lose weight. Some people might be trying to get into fitness to build strength. Some people might be trying to improve their performance to get better at their sport. Some people might be old and they just want to be, you know, fitter as they age, for example. So very different angles for a large pool, right? Kind of same, not from an algorithm perspective, but just in terms of like a niche perspective, I'd say it's probably pretty similar for these review style content. So right now you're targeting that small pool of people. That are very interested in workouts and workout critiques and, you know, that's their bread and butter, but, you know, you're kind of missing out on like a very large piece of the cake that's also still there.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, that makes sense. Yeah, beautiful. Also, I think these require not a lot of effort or anything like that in terms of, you know, there's still a reaction, there's still pretty easy. But, like, if you can get some, the other ones, like the ones I showed you on my page, they're just super  easy to make, man. Like, we can do them in like five minutes.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I noticed with these, these actually get pretty decent engagement for talking videos. Hmm. Like, in terms of they're pretty comparable, like if you go onto my page, the, my account just does not  with the talking videos at all. then. Bye. Bye. Um, like, it's probably because I just don't do them very often, to be fair.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, so comparably, like, that, you your talking videos do well. I think one thing, and I'm guilty of this as well, um. If you want to maximize muscle growth in your legs, take your shoes off when you're training them. I see so many boys and girls going into the gym wearing a run. You talk very fast, and I think you talk in, in, in, in continuality, which I think is, you know, a great skill to have. Like, I find that kind of difficult to do, because I'm, like, very big on, like, saying the exact word that I want to say and the exact tonality that I want to say. But when it's just, and you're very descriptive, like, when I watch your content, you're very descriptive in terms of, like, what you're talking about. But when you're talking so fast and there's no visual thing, like, I'm trying to imagine what you're saying. But when, in the process of me trying to imagine what you say while you're talking, I either can't do both, like, well, I can't do both in general. So I end up trying to imagine you. What you're saying, and then I'm completely out of context of what you're saying when I come back to when you're listening. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So what I would probably do, and I think is better, so if you're going to do it like this, I think probably slow it down. Or what I personally like doing for mine, and this works well because you can get a little bit more visual, is like film like one or even half a sentence at one time.
Michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So for example. If you want to maximize muscle growth in your legs, take your shoes off when you're training them. see. That would have been just the first clip, and then you would stop there. Yeah. So many boys and girls going into gym wearing runners. That's the next clip, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: There's squats in runners, doing the RDOs in runners. The issue with this is when you're wearing a shoe that has a thick. See, and then what I would do, and then the reason you, I think this is a better option here. If you want to do this, is... You know, it's a very quick thing. Hopefully this comes up. Again, you could do something like this. And then you actually pull this up and you green screen it. When you're doing squats in runners, you know, you get a very squishy base, which can, you know, cause you to lose stability. So you can actually, I kind of pointed it. So I don't have to imagine it because you're pointing at something.
Michael: Yeah. I think like now, like when I think about it, the, like I've done a few, I did a couple at one point of like those videos where I added in like an overlay of what I was talking about in the moment as well. And those ones did better. Like I had one where I was talking about, um, hack squats and how you should put your feet down lower on the platform because they're a quad exercise, not a  hammy and glute exercise. And I added like in an overlay of me on the hack squat with like a circle around. Where my feet were on the platform and those ones did better. And I did another one about like leg extensions and how you should like pull yourself down into the seat. And again, added like an overlay of like my hands gripping like those handles and pulling myself down into the seat with like a circle around it. And that one still did better than the others.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's visual. Like, because for me, when I'm watching it, I assume, and again, this is like literally a viewer feedback for you. As soon as you do that, I am completely lost in the video. And there's no point in me watching the rest of it, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And so you'll just experience a massive drop off, right?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you just need to make it as super  simple as possible. And again, when you can point to things like it just makes the video so much more.
Michael: You're Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I think either do that and then like, you don't just have to do that all the time because again, It's squishy. So I think talking to continue like continuously like that is a good. It's a to have, but just like slow it down. Yeah. And I would say if you're going to do it like that, don't be descriptive in what you're talking about. You know what mean? Okay. And I think, you know, because you're, you're, you know, coming from a coach's perspective and a very educational perspective, you are very descriptive when you, when you do talk in these videos, I've noticed. So it either needs to be a visual overlay or you, you need to not do that.
Michael: But yeah, yeah, no, I, get, I get what you meant.
Kyle Musca: Um,  won't really leave. Yeah. Yeah. Um, I don't know.
Michael: What do you think about, um, like this guy on your screen now? He, he does like talking in videos, but they're not like, they're kind of just like his opinions on . Like it's nothing of value. It's just like his take on something or like an event or whatever the . Like, what do you think about videos like that? Cause I know that. All my talking head videos are all somewhat like educational to some degree.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think  fantastic. So not in the way that this guy Donnie does it himself because Donnie is very on the entertainment side of things, right? People watch him because he's funny and it clearly works. It definitely works for views and stuff. And like if you – for someone like me, again, I wouldn't suit this kind of content because it's a different type of human than I usually do. But like it could pair well if you wanted to use something like this as a reach type thing and then you had the coaching stuff to support that you actually are knowledgeable. For someone like Donnie, for example, he only does this. So although people would know his name, his face, and everything like that, they don't associate coaching with him. Like I wouldn't go to Donnie to  learn how to lift or like build a physique, right? But in someone like your sense, opinion stuff is  fantastic, better than the educational side of things, right? In terms of It will go more viral, like it's more virality-driven. Also, people get to build a bit of more of a relationship with you because there's a difference between, I've to get rid of him, he's distracting me. There's a difference between, I lost what I was thinking. There's a difference between like educational and opinion in terms of, so opinions is a lot more, when you say your opinion, yeah, that's where I was going. It builds a better, people can actually start to build a relationship with you because when you're just talking about like science-based, you're talking about evidence and everything, like those are just the facts and that's, you know, great to include, but that doesn't really like let me know who you are and what you're about. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: When you say your opinion, it gets your personality, it gets your values, it gets your beliefs across a lot more and opinions are much more polarizing. You know, it's a lot harder to argue with a fact. I mean, people still argue with a fact, but like it's... It doesn't really stir the pot as much, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Whereas opinions, again, they're more polarizing. People are going to really agree with you or they're going to really disagree with you.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. And then the other thing I think you should really start doing, man, is I'm trying to think of how to wear this. Kind of come from that angle, but again, try and get either your physique in it or your client's physique in it more. Yeah, okay. Yeah, so that didn't do that flash. I think probably, I think doing a video on that's probably... Probably not the best because they're just kind of like longer videos, if that makes sense. You might want to do a physique. Yeah. You could try a physique review. You may even want to try that, Bring back what I  did back in the day where I was like rating famous people's physiques. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you can kind of like morph that into a follow a physique review. Could always have. So, I don't know what you're going to talk about here, but I'm just going to, even this one, this one got a little bit more likes. Significantly increase your rate of progression at the gym. You are not training nearly as hard as you think you're training. And look, I get it. In the moment, it feels hard as . You feel like you're going ham, but you're probably not. Far too many people get a mildly uncomfortable sensation and then they voluntarily cut. So, again, this is a great video too. And this is why I think cutting it down is better because you could. And this is exactly what my client John was doing. He was going to the gym five days a week. He was going through the motions. Yeah, this is exactly what my client John did. He was going to the gym five days a week. He was doing all the things he felt like he should be doing. But in reality, he was just going through the motions and he was missing out on that intensity that was actually driving growth. And then, yeah, so one, more visual, because you can actually see, people can see, okay, the difference between the two. But then you're also chucking in a sneaky client transformation as well. Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And when you're doing these videos, that's what I would really try and focus on is like, how can I get either use my physique as an example, or how can I use a client's physique as an example?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or, again, even like the deep stretch. Man, get a photo of someone that's in a real  deep stretch.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay? Again, you don't really come from the angle, but, like, off the top of my head, like, you'd make me in a real sus position, like, oh, sorry, wrong photo. Yeah, no, I know what mean. But just, like, when you're making content, man, like, how can I make it as visual as humanly possible without, like, making all these gimmicky, like, pop-ups and all that, you know, ? It's not necessary.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense, man?
Michael: Yeah, it does. It does make sense.
Kyle Musca: If you're going to do something like this as well, by the way, this is kind of where you need to put a lot in the captions, so you, like, educate in the caption.
Michael: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, like, that's why these work is, like, you know, they're more so for, well, one, the trending reel. It's another way to, like, show your coaching expertise, but it's also another engagement tool. Because it's, like... like... ... Um, people will have to like re-watch the video or whatever the  they do while reading the caption.
Michael: So it makes them spend more time on it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And even if that is like, go to chat GPT and you basically say like, I want to do a  Instagram caption on XYZ. These are the points I want you to do, do it without any hyphens.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, and then again, are you using the prompt and the poll option when you go to post? Yeah. It doesn't drop on my laptop, but yeah. You've been doing a poll?
Michael: Yeah. So for majority of my, yeah, for majority of the training reaction clips, it's always a poll.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What do you say on it?
Michael: It's like, what do you think? And then I'll pull up that one actually. A 90 minute push day. Let's see if his advice is any good. I'm going rate this down. So it says, what do you think? And then the first option says perfect push day.
Kyle Musca: And then the second one says could definitely do with some. You know, you could even try and spin it, like, like, how would you rate your training? Again, just off the top of my head, word it better, but how would you rate your training? And then you're like, you know, three to five, five to seven, seven to 10, some  like that, depending on how many options you can do. Because then if you can, yeah, I was playing around with this the other day. think it just shows you everyone that voted. I don't think it actually shows the differentiation. But, like, again, like, if someone says, like, I'm struggling, or, like, five to seven, or whatever the  they say, like, it's not 10 out of 10. You can message, be like, hey, bro, like, I saw you voted, you know, five to seven in terms of training, what you'd rate your own program. I thought I'd just message through to see if I can give you any advice.
Michael: And then you just go straight into that. So, again, it's just figuring out how to generate those conversations. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. I feel like that was a lot, but a lot of good additions, like, Wicked.
Michael: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of that stuff, man?
Michael: Nah, nah, it was actually, like, I understand everything.
Kyle Musca: It makes sense. Yeah, beautiful, man. Yeah, it might be worth trying them. If you want to, like, get a few easier clients, it might be worth trying, going through all your inquiries all the time and just re-messaging them and trying that magic hat thing, man, because that works really well.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah, I reckon I'll give that a crack. And then do the, like, the thing you said about, like, the once a week, the once a week thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. The other thing, En, is, have you been posting much social proof on your story?
Michael: Yeah, I have been, actually. This, these last two weeks, particularly, have been pretty good.
Kyle Musca: I've been pretty on top of that.
Michael: Yeah. Just, like, every time I do my check-ins or any time someone messages me, I just chuck it up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good. Good. Thank Because, you know, when we're doing organic, I've got two other guys that I've just helped them with organic. That's something we've been heavily focusing on. One, it helps definitely drive more inquiries. But, like, again, because I'll watch your stuff, your stories and everything like that as a viewer. Just for them, like, if you're posting a  ton of social proof and you're consistent with men and you've got some sick transmissions, me as a viewer, I'll, like, start taking notice of it. I'll be like, holy , like, this guy's pumping transmissions.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Is there anything else that you want to sort of run through at all, man?
Michael: Not necessarily, like, oh, like, what are your thoughts on, like, lead magnets? Like, because I remember I made one with Cade a while ago or Cade told me to make one a while ago. That was just, like, a nutrition or, like, a  high-protein meal e-book or some  like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man. Lead magnets, it's a... are great, but they have to be, like, relevant. can't just  chuck it. It's like chucking  at a wall if it's not relevant. But, like, if they're relevant, then fantastic. So, for example, you know, great examples if you're going to do these, you know, session reviews. So, for example, the I'll Build You a One Week Free program is a lead magnet.
Michael: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, the audition call, it is a lead magnet, right? You're giving some of the value. So, like, for example, you could, I think the seven-day, because when you're looking at lead magnets, it's like, how can I give them the most value possible, right? The more value I can stack into it, the more likely they're going to take that offer. So, you know, I could sit here and say, like, you know, build like a four, you know, even a five-day program, four-day program, something like that. That would work well as a lead magnet, but it's the same as saying, I'll build you a seven-day custom program. Right? Like, yes, the seven-day custom program does require probably a little bit more effort, but they do get a lot more value out of it. They get to be a part of the system. They get to, you know, fully track everything in the app. They get to feel like what it's like. They get a bit of a taste of what it is actually like to do, you know, one-to-one coaching.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it feels like from an outside looking, like if you were, you know, if your roles were reversed, man, what do you think has more perceived value? Someone sending you a five-day copy and paste program that you know they've probably sent to everyone else, or the feeling of getting into an actual system, having an actual custom program built out for you with maybe a meal plan or even just calories and macro targets to hit and a check and call at the end of it.
Michael: Yeah, definitely that.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? So again, it's about perceived value. So, and everyone does like these  lead magnets. Like for you, you know, you don't do many nutrition stuff. So it doesn't really make sense for you to do  a nutrition or a meal They an e-book or like a giveaway or whatever the . It doesn't, you know, it just doesn't, it's not relevant to you.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, they're definitely good. So, and that's, again, those are, lead magnets are like, even when I said like, you know, DM me your full workout and I'll give you a breakdown.
Michael: That is a lead magnet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's just anything that you can give away of value and it doesn't always have to be just a  PDF or some  like that.
Michael: yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: That all makes sense?
Michael: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Cool. On that note, man, how are you finding what we're doing compared to what like you and Kade did?
Michael: Yeah, it's been good. Like, I think even just from the jump, like, I don't even, I don't actually think Kade does it anymore. Like, he, I saw on his story the other day, he put something up of like someone messaging him saying that they did X, Y, Z, and then in the corner he was like, no, I don't do business coaching, but. I love celebrating other people's wins or some , but, like, he definitely did used to do it. But, yeah, I think, like, from the jump, just, like, being able to chat, like, every week is heaps helpful, and, like, getting feedback and, like, input in every week is heaps helpful, as well as, like, you, like, you message me, like, if that makes sense. Like, with Cade, like, he would never message me if I didn't message him, but it's, like, you actually send  to me, and, like, you, it just, like, feels a bit more hands-on and, like, a little bit easier to track and follow, so I sort of know, like, like, I at least have, like, pretty clear action on, like, what I should trial this week or what I should try and input this week into the system or what I'm already doing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. Yeah, awesome. Again, same thing with your clients, It's always good to ask, just so you can, like, continue to refine, continue to add on to it. Yeah. So, awesome, man. And then, yeah, right, I think even just, like, going back through, you know, your Your engagement since we started, there seems to be like a massive jump up there. So like what you're currently posting and focusing on is starting to definitely pull through. So if we can just double down on that, and again, if you can establish yourself as that guy that does that thing, then that's when you'll have your own like market. So a lot of people like, you know, look at coaching industry, for example, they'll look at it and like, you know, it's so saturated. How do I break in? And people like often try and go for the crumbs, you know, in the crumbs of the pie. But realistically, man, it's about like making your own  pie and then you can use E forever. You know what mean? So like establish yourself in the market as the person, that guy that does that thing. You've got your own pie.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's correct. Is there anything else that you kind of want to go over at all, man?
Michael: Not really, not yet. think like this sort of covers everything I need for now. Um, I'll, after this, I'll do, I'll like lay out like the once a week  CTA thing. You know, you you Um, and then I reckon in this week's, like, reaction videos, I'll do the, the line that I said in that video that did better. The, like, you know, the drill, let's see if his advice is any good. I reckon I'll do that for all of them this week. Um, and then I reckon I'll get back on the voiceovers too. Like, I did one voiceover last week and it was just like a pretty, it was just like a rushed one, like, right before surgery, like, the night before surgery and, like, I was just a bit  and I was like, like, , I'll just do it. Um, but I'll do, I reckon I'll do a few proper ones this week as well. Um, cause I found, do you know, have you seen coach Andre Pelser?
Kyle Musca: Maybe Pelser, but no, off the top of my head.
Michael: Um, he does, like, a lot of voiceover ones. Um, it's, it's very similar to, like, what Ryan does, but he just, like, doesn't speak that fast. And they're really good. So I reckon I'll try a few like that. Um, and it's just, like, overlays of, like, himself and, like, his change. And like what he's doing and like all that sort of stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, bro. They, they work really well as lead magnets, those style of things. Like I know, for example, the board twins there, when they run ads, man, they just do, you know, what James does where it's like a full leg workout, for example, comment the word program, send you a free X, Y, Z program. So their whole ad system is based off a lead magnet purely around workouts. And they say it works really well. And they've tested a lot of  things because I could chat to them all the time. Yeah. That, that works best for them because it attracts guys that are more serious about actually working out. You know what mean? Like, whereas if you did , there's a million, one different ones you can do. But again, it has to be relevant. You know what I mean? If it's, if it's just, you know, yeah, it has to be, I won't ramble on that, but it has to be relevant. has to actually be valuable. And if it works, man, it  works. Because if you dial them in and you can build traction, again, you become known as that guy, then it's like, cool. We can now step into ads and they should pull through for us.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah, of course. Yeah. I think like at the moment, like everything seems to be tracking along pretty decent. Like I'm pretty happy with the way things are moving. I just, I reckon, yeah, do a bit more, a bit more of it, give it a little bit more time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, beautiful. And always just be asking one way or another. I mean, again, it doesn't always have to be direct. The lead magnet build out seven day program is asking by giving, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. All right, bro. And then I also do want to see some other sort of like reaction style stuff of, you again, gym style content, but whether that's, you know, science-based lifting feedback  or like, you know, stupid , whatever the .
Michael: For sure.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. I mean, I'll get back to it and yeah, we'll just keep building from what we're doing at the moment. Yeah, easy. That sounds good. I appreciate it. Nice. Cheers, bro. I'll chat to you soon. Later.


>>> 32/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-03T22:56:18Z | id:106134343
People: Kyle Musca

emily paige: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, how going?
emily paige: Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. How's things?
emily paige: Everything's been good. Yeah, nothing much like major has changed this week, just more so messaging out and trying to reach out to coaches.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have you had much luck?
emily paige: Not at the moment. I'm just like trying to figure out who isn't trying to do their own thing, like who isn't still so adamant that they can do it themselves.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that girl you messaged last week, adamant she can do it herself?
emily paige: Well, no, because I want to jump on a call with her, but I also want to make sure that I'm actually saying the right things to her. So I don't know if you like have a sort of script on pricing and things like that, like what I should be saying to her.
Kyle Musca: word But Yeah, definitely. So, one, I would, kind of like a sales call, kind of get them to see the value in it before you go straight in for the kill. Yeah. So, kind of just, like, ask her about what she's currently doing, how many clients she currently has, like, if she's working in another job, if she wants, like, what she wants to do long-term, if she wants to focus on coaching, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Key things you're looking for there is she's, you know, like, passionate about coaching, maybe she wants to travel, she wants to work fully online, like, you know, try and get that stuff out of her so she can, like, see the opportunity.
emily paige: For what it is. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then, in terms of pricing, like, or how to structure, I guess it's still an offer at the end of the day, I think the best way to go about it is, so, for pricing, was breakdown. So, for pricing, I usually start off on, like, $17.50 per client for the lowest tier package, and then $22.50 for the core offer. And then, I basically explain that, one, that's just for the trial period, like, there's plenty of room for growth. And I do, I do, I We to very much increase those rates as you sort of prove yourself as an experienced coach and, you know, make sure that you're fitting here within the team. Yeah. And then two, that down the line, once you have gotten to that point, there's also like higher tier packages that I want to open up, which will get you up to, you know, potentially 45 and, you know, 40, maybe even $45 per client per week. Now, with the pricing itself, like realistically, a check-in shouldn't take you anything more than like, so basically, the way I've come up with pricing is like, you can say you even work with me and everything like that or whatever. But essentially, like a check-in shouldn't really take more than like 15 minutes of time, absolute max, right? So, if we ran it at, let's say on average, even on $20, realistically, you should have to do like four check-ins an hour. Very realistically, let's be very conservative. Let's say you only get three done. That's still $60 an hour, right?
emily paige: So, you like sell it as the hourly rate, essentially.
Kyle Musca: Better. Yeah, and that's just for the trial period rates as well. Realistically, like, ideally, I want to get you up to, like, you know, $25 and then potentially even $30 for the core packages. Again, it's really just based off, you know, performance and, you know, performance reviews and everything like that. But if we're on, let's say, $30 per check-in, and again, being conservative, let's say you only get three check-ins done in an hour, which is very, very easy to do, that's still $90 an hour. If you can get four, that's $120 an hour.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay, yeah, that makes it sound so much better. And what if they go, okay, well, when will I, like, get paid more?
Kyle Musca: If they, well, one, that's a very big red flag if they said that. Basically, I would just be like, if they said that, I would be like, you're not the right person to me.
emily paige: Yeah. Or like they said, what do I need to do to, like, get paid more? Like, to kind of make it out of that sort of beginning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so one. I just want to make sure that you're the right fit for the team, that you're actually, you know, not just like financially incentivized.
emily paige: Like I do want to obviously make sure that you are really covered and you can focus 100% of your time and energy on this.
Kyle Musca: But I want you to make sure that you're the right fit, that you're passionate about helping these women become the best versions of themselves and you align with the team and everything like that. And as I see you gain experience in the actual team, because basically it's like you have to work your way up the ranks, right? You don't show any new company and you're  all the up there. But ideally, yeah. But then what I would also say is like the other things I'd say is like this could potentially like, you know, I don't want to sort of speak, I guess, too far in the future, right? I'll make any promises, whatever you say. I wouldn't say that. But like essentially, like eventually if we do decide to continue in growing the team more and bring on coaches, like even more coaches, depending on the growth, I will eventually need like a full head coach to manage everyone and make sure that all. All operations are going there. So there's also a growth opportunity there. The other thing is realistically, and again, you can say you've been speaking to me about it. Realistically, like even if we got you to like, you know, 60, 70, 80 clients, it's probably going to be about 20 to 30 hours a week and you should be getting over like two grand. Like again, like for me, I, my coaches, they both probably have around 60 to 80 clients. I'll have to check, but definitely over 60 clients. people like 70 to 80 clients. And I pay, I pay my head coach two and a half grand a week. Right. So it's about 20 to 30 hours worth of work. And for, you know, a coach, it's like, this is a huge selling point. It's extremely flexible. I don't want to have to micromanage you or anything like that. You can do this job from anywhere in the world. So if you want to travel, you want to go over to Bali, you want to spend an extended period of time there, whatever the case may be, you can absolutely go do that. As long as the girls are getting the service, they're getting, you know, good feedback, good communication, responsive communication. Indication the check-ins are getting done on the check-in day. doesn't have to be a specific time of the day unless it's like a call booked or something like that. But making sure that the work is getting done and as long as you do that, it's a very like relaxed, flexible lifestyle.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. Sweet. Because I post that job form. I don't know how to actually check how many people because like I know like I'm getting so many emails of girls signing up. So ideally, like I would want to get someone on towards like soon. Like, you know what I mean? I don't want to wait until next year. Like I'd want to get a coach on and then start bringing on these girls as soon as possible. Because I don't, I don't know. I don't like not taking calls at the moment. It feels weird. So I want to like just get it going again. So ideally, if I can get someone on and then just start booking those calls. Because like if I go on job form, because I want to actually see how many people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you want to show your screen, we can have a look at it together.
emily paige: Yeah, that would be.
Kyle Musca: But I think you're like, yeah, you're pretty much like kind of at the issue where. I don't know if you know Torrin. Do you know Torrin?
emily paige: Yeah, he's the one that does all the food videos, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I help him as well. You're pretty much at the same issue that he was just in. We've been speaking about this for the last two or three, probably four weeks, where he's just at capacity, just continuously taking sales calls and didn't really designate the time to get the coach. And then it's like last week you're into the issue. It's like, okay, bro, you literally cannot take any more clients yourself. And then, you know, he just set aside two days to actually, like, figure out getting a coach, got the coach on, and now he's good again.
emily paige: Okay, well, so it took him a bit to find a coach, but at least now he's found one. See, I want to just get someone on, like, ASAP, okay? I don't think it took him, like, that long.
Kyle Musca: He just sort of didn't prioritize it because he was, like, so focused on making sales and stuff. And that's kind of, like, what I might be sort of doing subconsciously, so I need to actually just… Yeah, it's better just to, like, rip the Bernadette off and spend, like, just two days or something like Like that, just get it sorted. Like reach out to them. Like we've got to call it 3, 3.15, 3.30 and just like back-to-back interview them and just like pick one. Don't rush it. Like if they're not the right fit, don't enforce it.
emily paige: They have to be the right fit. But yeah. Yeah, I think I do like have an idea of who I would ideally want. There's a girl, her name's, I don't know if you know her, like Lily Buchanan.
Kyle Musca: Sounds familiar. Maybe if saw the face.
emily paige: Yeah, because she's got like a decent physique herself and she seems to be like quite bubbly, quite fun sort of personality. And she's on the Gold Coast too, which would be ideal. And you can tell that she's like, that she loves it, but she just doesn't know how to market herself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, if you want to share your screen, we'll have a look.
emily paige: Yeah. So how do I even share my screen? Because this is different to Google Meet.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Should be that little green arrow on the bottom there. And then ideally what you're looking for in a coach, as we spoke about last week again, they've tried it themselves. haven't been able to grow their business very well. Or maybe they were a PT in the past. Didn't do it well. They had to go work a second job or something like that. Yeah. Ideally, you want someone who's passionate but not super, I guess, what's the word I'm looking for?
emily paige: Wanting to do it themselves.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
emily paige: Yeah. Yeah. So, okay, this is that. So I pretty much did the same thing as you and I actually got quite a few people on the app because you know how yours, if they don't have a job that actually pays well, work part-time. So I got quite a few girls on the app as well, which was good because then got more girls on there. But then these are the 30 submissions I actually went through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So these are the four clients or are these four coaches?
emily paige: No, this is the Elevate wait list.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Did you do a job form for the coaches?
emily paige: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So that's probably the first thing I'm going to do after this is chuck that out. I think you'd get heaps of... Heaps of response from it anyway. Save the graphics as well because, like, if you don't get the right candidate, then we can just throw it up as an addable target fitness coaches and we should get someone pretty quick.
emily paige: Okay. So you reckon I run it as I should post it on my story before, like, jumping on a call with these girls?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you could start taking a couple of these calls, but, like.
emily paige: well, it might because I might miss out on an opportunity of someone better that I'm just not thinking about. So maybe I should post it.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, I'm a bit confused.
emily paige: What do you mean? No, maybe I should post, like, a jot form on my story because there might be girls that I don't even realize are coaches that might be better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what I mean. So, like, after this, I would go straight up, chuck the jot form on your story saying, like, I'm looking for a passionate coach to join the team. And then that's, like, two. So we tried stage one last week of just, like. stage two. You know, asking around a little bit in your network. Stage two is now, okay, we'll put it on your organic social. Stage three is if we still don't find something from there, we'll run it as an ad, essentially just targeting fitness coaches.
emily paige: Okay, yeah. Well, this is like all the girls that have... So what I would just do is I'd pretty much send them an email. It would have been good maybe to get their Instagram, but I guess it doesn't really matter.
Kyle Musca: I would probably send them a text. It's an easier way to contact them.
emily paige: On their messages, even, yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: So there's two ways to do it. One, you could send a text. Even better, like go, probably go through the Australian ones first. And you could even just give them a quick call.
emily paige: True, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it's basically...
emily paige: really work the best.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's basically a triage call. So it's the same as what Clamea would do in the setting. would just, you go over the phone, like, hey, so you join the wait list. Like, I've had one spot come available. And I just, I'm just reaching out for a couple of girls on that list. Is that still something you're keen on? Cool. Just want to make sure that this is the right fit for you. Like, what are your goals? What are you struggling with at the moment? Oh, yeah. Okay. What do you do for work? Like, is it highly stressful or active or anything like that? Okay. I got you. Where are you based? Oh, yeah. That makes sense. Cool. Well, I couldn't do it right now, but like, how about we, you know, lock in a time to sit down for like 30 minutes or so and just really dive into things just to see if it could be a good fit.
emily paige: So pretty much just the DM script, but over the phone.
Kyle Musca: Essentially. Like, you conversate a little bit more back and forth, but we just want to try. You're basically asking a ton of questions, or not a ton of questions, but a few questions. So you can throw in that, what do you do for work? So you can kind of gauge if it's worth your time and all.
emily paige: If not, you could be like, cool.
Kyle Musca: Like, so, yeah. Okay. Based on everything you told me, like, I think my, and then you can call it like a nice, you know, my booty builder program or something like that would be the best fit for you. It just comes out to be like $19 a week. Would you want to run with that one? Okay. Thank you. Or, like, I could even, like, usually it comes out to be, like, $69 a week. I just ran a Black Friday offer. It's, like, $19 a week. Technically didn't end on Monday. But, like, if you want to jump on now, I can get you on on that rate.
emily paige: Yeah, because I saw that you had that in your job form, but I just got rid of that because I just take them straight to the app, which is more so, like, just a low ticket price anyways. And it says it already on the link, so I can't really say that it's usually this March.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, that takes that step out, so you can't just take them straight to the link, yeah.
emily paige: Okay. Yeah, so let me just see, because I know that you sent me through a job form to do for the coaching application. Yeah, okay, coach application form. So I can pretty much just use your template, but then do the same thing and change it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you can upload that URL. Yeah, Do you know how to upload the URL to the, and get the Yeah, that's what I've been doing with those other two jot forms. how to to to Yeah, so just upload it and then just change the branding on it and then, yeah, just chuck it up on your story. Should be good.
emily paige: Yeah, okay. I think I might even, like, post it to my story now. Yeah, having 30 girls join that waitlist is good. What was that?
Kyle Musca: Sorry? Having 30 girls join that waitlist is good.
emily paige: And I've only posted it on my story once and I've put in my highlights. So if I were to post it maybe, like, again.
Kyle Musca: I would keep, I would, like, put it up, put the coaching line up in your story, like, straight after this, like, as soon as possible to try and get some coaches. And then, basically, over this next week or so, just pump it super hard, or not super hard, but pump it decently hard about, you know, been getting a lot of girls asking me about coaching, still not taking on any clients. As soon as a few positions open up, I'll let you know. If you want to be the first to know before anyone else, join the waitlist down below. And you're just, like, because you're really pushing the scarcity on your coaching then. Because then if you get a coaching board and then maybe run, you know, a challenge or anything like that, you could reach out to all those girls first and be like, oh, you know, I'm about to run a challenge. I'm only going to be taking on 20 women. I've had over 75 girls on the wait list already. So, you know, I'm going to go through those girls all get first access, you get first access. But if not, then I'm going to, you know, post it out to the public and they can join in as well as fill in my fill.
emily paige: Yeah, okay, no, that's a really good idea. And I think even like in my posts and stuff like that, so I was talking about linking my bio for the one-to-one wait list because I put it in my little link tree as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think it's like if we do this well, like we can just really squeeze the scarcity out. And like ideally, if we do this really well and you get enough girls joining a wait list, then you might not even like for the rest of the year, essentially on your actual public account, you can basically just say I'm full, I'm full, I'm full. Not taking on any more clients and not taking on any more clients. And then, like, in the new year or maybe later in December, we can pull the trigger and say, like, we're running a New Year's Challenge or something like that. And then publicly say, I'm only taking on 20 girls for it. And then, again, get another massive influx. Idealist, thinking about this before, what we want to do is get you from you handling coaching to get a coach on to take the fulfillment side of things. Once we get that girl up to capacity, which I want to do by using these scarcity tactics to, like, really try and fill her up as much as possible, as soon as reasonably possible. We don't want to overload her too quick. Once we get to that point, I think that's when we, like, run a little bit of a different funnel for you where, essentially, it would be like a – we'd run it through macro. And it might be like a – probably, yes, for you, probably more like a $27-month-long, like, three-week, four-week, like, mini-program. And the idea there is the qualified candidates, we try and get them upsell into an actual, like a proper client. And so you have that – But all the other low, like other non-qualified ones, they just go on like a reoccurring subscription weekly.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Wait, can you explain that again? I'm like trying to like fully get what you're saying. So what, would the, they'd be on a lower ticket?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like a, essentially it'd be a three-step process, right? We already finished step one because you're at capacity. So step two would be bring on a coach and get them to capacity, right? Which if we do this well, in terms of like, we're not, we're full with, you know, can't take on anyone, join the wait list, et cetera, et cetera. Basically, we try and do that to get her decently filled for the rest of the year. And then once she's got the, you know, understands the systems, you're confident in her ability to take clients, then we open the gates a bit, maybe run like perfect time for a New Year's challenge, right? Girls love the challenge. I think you'd crush it in that regard. Publicly, ideally, that would get her pretty fooled by, you know, I would ideally like to say March at the very latest, but if we do this right, it could be like end of January easily, especially with that challenge. Once we get to that point, so that's step two done, that's when we'd go on to stage three, whereas ideally you just want to keep her really nice and full, and then you have a lot of time, but you're profiting heavily off that, because it's all reoccurring, right? You're not running ads, you don't have any overheads. So at that point, you're profiting massively, and you've got all the time in the world like you do, so you can do whatever you want with it, essentially. From that point, I think we use macro to our advantage, because it's so automated, and we basically do, again, you can do a free, like a free week-long thing, but I think with your audience, it just makes sense to do 27. I'm going to do this in the new year as well. So $27 for, you know, basically a month-long mini-program, right? Now, this basically gets the girls in to use the system, play around with it, get to actually feel for it. The ones that are qualified, we get them on a choice. Check-in call, for example, which would be a sales call straight into the one-to-one higher-ticket coaching, which is, you know, would say you can only get into it by first going through this mini-program because we want to make sure that you're actually serious and we want to make sure we have the right girls on the team. We don't let just anyone in. If the girls aren't qualified, like all the younger girls that you have, then it's like, cool, because you've come through this program, you can continue on with what you've already got for $19 a week or $27 a week or whatever you want to, you know, price at it. But it's a low-ticket, reoccurring thing. So, in the background, you're building up this, like, massive amount of, you know, stacking all these passive incomes on that. You know what mean?
emily paige: Because if you get... So, do it through macro instead of, like, kahunas, because I use kahunas for my girls, like the one-to-one girls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that's fine, because you could say that, like, when you chat to, if you're trying to sell them on a high-ticket, that's absolutely fine. You can say that. Be like, so, for the one-to-one girls, we actually get onto a... It's platform and it allows us to go a lot more in-depth in your programming and everything like that because there needs to be a big disparity between what they get for the program and what they get on one-to-one.
emily paige: And that's what I find with Kahunas because obviously I've gotten quite a lot of girls from the app to Kahunas and they feel like a lot more professional on there for some reason.
Kyle Musca: I think it's just the fact that it's a different platform. Yeah. So essentially that's how you'd frame it. So it's like we do do the programming. This is the app I do the programming through. If you want to do one-to-one, you know, work with me directly. only take – again, we only take on 60 girls for this at a time and there's only like one spot left, like one spot available for it at the moment. You can take that position. Work with me one-to-one. It comes out to be about 3K for – or 2K for six months – or 2K for three months.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay, yeah. No, definitely. I think that – because I've got 30 submissions. So let's say even like playing it safe at 15. It's worth day. know. Of them are, like, super keen right off the bat. I think that would be a good number to start off with to give to this new coach, like 15 girls to start to see how she goes, right? And then, like, obviously, there will probably be so many more submissions once we really start pushing it. So I think that she will be getting to that sort of max capacity quite quickly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Essentially, you kind of want to, like, as long as they're not, like, a bit of a sped. And the rate that you can make sales is usually a pretty decent rate for them to keep up with. You know what I mean? They're not doing crazy amounts of work. Like, it's not that difficult. As long as they actually have, like, a decent work ethic, they'll be fine and they want to do it. The other thing I forgot to mention on that before is, like, with the low ticket, because all the girls that don't go into high ticket, which with your audience would be a huge chunk of girls that just don't qualify for it, then it's a much easier sort of entry into just a low ticket passive. Because, like, let's say we do $19. say So, know, $1 per week. And we get 100 girls on that, which again, if we do this right, I don't think it would take that long to do. That's just under two, that's $1,900 a week, just fully passive that you don't even have to do anything for.
emily paige: And that's to get them onto like the macroactive, the app.
Kyle Musca: Well, they're already on the app. You know what I mean?
emily paige: And then, okay, right. So then to get them onto another low ticket, like a challenge that just like is constantly going.
Kyle Musca: It's just a program.
emily paige: So like, because they're played around with the people.
Kyle Musca: Oh, Okay. Yeah. It's essentially exactly what they got for the first month. But now that they've played around with it, they actually get to see, you know, its value and they get used to using and they like using it. They want to keep on it. So you just say, yeah, you can keep going for $19 a week. It's cancel anytime. And then it's so low that I find most people forget to like, they don't even like notice. They just forget to cancel, like, you know.
emily paige: And it makes them feel better knowing that it's there, even if they don't follow it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly.
emily paige: Yeah, okay. No, that's a really good idea. Yeah, because that's been working well even with these submissions because obviously a lot of girls are just working part-time. So I saw like a lot of new join-ups even when I posted that jot form to my story. So I think that'd be perfect to run that challenge and it's a good time right now because we're going to start December and then ideally if we wanted to do it in the second week of Jan, that's in six weeks time. So now the main focus for this end of week is to kind of figure out someone to coach under me. Start reaching out to all of these girls and then start booking calls again because I really just want to start jumping on those calls again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So essentially it'll be, yeah, get a coach on. So get a coach on, pose for the coach, push the wait list pretty hard. Like again, not crazy, don't like get too salesy with it, but like push it organically hard over the next like week or so. Try and get that as like big as possible because once you have a coach on, then you'll start working towards. But like through all of those girls, as many as possible, try and get the coach decently full, like to the point where they've got a good foundation, good base, and they understand the system and everything like that. And then realistically, we may, we'll probably hint at it towards the back end of December, but then like from basically January 1st to January 12th, think the Monday is, it'd be a two-week hard marketing campaign of your New Year's challenge. And then every girl that comes through that, you would just do straight onto the new coach and try and get her filled up. And girls love challenges. I think if you did that, you'd have like heaps and heaps of inquiry.
emily paige: I think you could get a pretty full, pretty big. Yeah. Okay. I 100% agree with that as well. And I'm just thinking, because my issue is that I'm jumping ahead. Like I'm thinking already how to go about it on the calls with the girls, because you said market it as a two-coaching system.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's super easy to do. Literally, all you have to say, it's a one-sentence thing. So yeah. Yeah, you'll be working with me and my head coach, Rachel, and let's just make sure that you're really well-supported at all times. That's all we have to say.
emily paige: Okay, yeah. That's easy. That works really well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've never had anyone question it.
emily paige: Oh, okay. Well, then that's perfect then. Okay. Because I'm thinking, you know how that Lily Buchanan girl, you know Finlay, how she's got that coach working under her, the Maddie, I don't know what her name is, but the little brown-haired girl?
Kyle Musca: I don't know, but yeah, I could imagine.
emily paige: Yeah, well, Finlay has that girl working under her and it's one of her best friends. So I'm sure, and they always are posting them too, trying to work together and stuff like that. So I'm just thinking now that she could be a really good fit and I think she does have a really bubbly personality, which is what I want. Like, I don't want someone who's, like, completely different to me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, no, you want someone who aligns with you. Because really. Realistically, they should be like a bit of an extension of you, you know what I mean? Like if someone comes to you for coaching because you're, you know, very bubbly, you know, and you've got that touch of accountability with your posts and everything like that as well. But then like let's say they get onto someone who's, you know, all about a completely different ideology of coaching, then it's just not going to be congruent, you know what mean?
emily paige: No, not at all, yeah. And I think that's what works the best with obviously my target audience. They like, they feel like I'm actually their friend as well. Like, and I think that's what, like I've had so many girls say, oh, I think I'm going to be on with you like forever now. Like they, I don't know if girls just say that, but a lot of them are reoccurring from starting and doing three months and then they just get on another six months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
emily paige: Yeah. a bit more, like the client retention, I don't think I'm going to have a problem with that, especially as well making this group chat, everyone's so active in there and like already catching up with each other if they're in the same area. So it's really good. And that's why I'm really trying to make sure that who. Whatever I do have under me is going to add to that and not kind of ruin that rock.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like one of those things, it's like you want to make sure it's it's urgent. So you want to get it done as soon as possible without rushing it. Like you don't want to bring up. In my experience, like the first hire is always the scariest hire, don't get me wrong. But in my experience, as long as you're confident in the person you're hiring, yeah, as long as you're confident and you know that they align with you and your sort of, again, ideology, then hiring a coach is usually a pretty easy hire.
emily paige: Yeah. And ideally as well, like you can train them up in certain ways, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
emily paige: mean like. As as they actually love it, then that's the biggest thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You want them to have like experience. want them to have, you know, decent physique, like obviously practice what you preach. Education and stuff prior is obviously definitely ideal. But worst comes to worst, like what I do, for example, is like my coaches had those things when I first hired them, but they had never done any like crazy form. Normal education. So I just put them through clean health courses and like, you know, different, I put them through John George's, you know, hypertrophy course and everything like that. I don't know if you know John George, but he's like a really smart bodybuilder. So I just put like, I just made it mandatory. You need to do three hours of education every single week.
emily paige: Oh, that's actually really good. And do you think that really benefited them?
Kyle Musca: Like as a coach, they really improved? Yeah, a hundred percent. Cause like, you go get like, you know, clean health's got a lot of them. You're like, if you go get, especially like for women, like if you go get Hattie's, you know, how to train the female athlete, you get, um, Lane Norton's nutrition course, you know, you do all that stuff. Like they're going to be a very well-rounded, um, education, like educated coach.
emily paige: Yeah. Maybe I just like buy those courses and then, cause when you buy a course, you can give it to other people to go through, can't you?
Kyle Musca: You just give me a login details.
emily paige: Yeah. So maybe if you could even send those through to me, cause I think that'd be really good to have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, depends how, so ones I like, I don't know if you, I mean you could do John Drewitt's one, that's like very science-y bodybuilding style stuff.
emily paige: Well, no, that's good, because I feel like that adds a bit more value to the coach as well, because they're not having to pay for these courses, they're getting to learn so much as well as getting paid, so.
Kyle Musca: Makes them take it a bit more seriously as well, I feel like, subconsciously. Yeah, so John also, by the way, if you're going to get a little to getting his pause, he only does it to like, at the end of every month, I think it's like less than a week, he opens it for people to actually like, buy into it. So again, it's just, it's just the scarcity. you. It's hectic.
emily paige: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no. The thing with scarcity tactics is, like, you've got to constantly remind people that it's scarce. You know what mean? Because, like, first time I saw it, like, no,  that, I'm not buying it. Like, I'm not waiting until the end of the month, et cetera. Second time, saw it, no, third time. And then, like, you know, the third or fourth time, I was like, , like, I need to get it at the end of the month.
emily paige: Yeah, that's, I mean, it's how it works with everyone.
Kyle Musca: It's psychological. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So, and again, it works really good because, like, if someone's like, oh, oh, I'll do it later, I'll do it later, I'll do it later. And you've just constantly said, I'm not taking on anyone, I'm not taking on anyone, I'm not taking on anyone. Hey, you've got a really small opportunity where I'll take you on.
emily paige: It's like, , I've got to act now. A hundred percent, because it's like, even with the calls, I always kind of try to give that energy that if they don't join, that's just them, them losing something, not me. And I find that even if I'm just not saying that directly, but having that mindset, they can feel it. Yeah. And it's worked really well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's why I always say, like, when I'm saying the packages, I'm always like, there's two spots left for this. There's one. And like my downsell, I said, there's no spot left for it. I'm like, not, shouldn't technically do this. I think I have someone finishing like mid next week. If you want to take that, I could slot you in now. And essentially, like, if they're like, I need to think about it, like, you can't think about it, but like that spot's not going to be available because how it works is I'll get on a call like this and someone will take it. So it's very rare that a spot's even open technically on that package.
emily paige: That's so smart. I've just been like saying the packages, but actually saying that there's spots for each package. Oh, I'm going to start doing that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So say, yeah, I said two for my core and then I zero for, cause I don't bring it up. And then if I have to downsell, I'm like, oh, that's why I didn't bring it up is cause I was technically not a spot open.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. No, that's a really good idea. That would work really well. Like, cause at the moment I just say it as it is. And they kind of like, I just say the six months. One first, wait, and then if they're like, is there anything shorter, then I'll present it to them. But actually say there's numbers and availability, that will definitely like make them have to make a decision on the spot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, because you're selling exclusivity by that point. You know what mean? People, exclusivity sells, you know what mean? That's why like, that's silly, but like that's why you get like, you know, people like that buy million dollar watches that no one really knows about, but only the other 1% know about it because it's the exclusivity. You want to, everything you buy is technically for a status thing, right? So it's like, if you say there's, you know, there's only two spots here, it means there's a select group of people that are actually chosen to be brought into this. It's exclusive.
emily paige: That's, yeah. And with the payments, do you get them paying while you're on a call?
Kyle Musca: Oh, absolutely. I would never get off the call without them paying.
emily paige: Oh my gosh. See, that's a really, like, that's what I'd start doing because I'm surprised that it hasn't like messed me up yet, but I'll always send them the payment link as soon as we get off the call and I was like. Like, wait, I'm surprised this is working so well. Maybe I should actually just, like, be on the call with them while they're paying. But I feel like, I don't know if I feel bad to be that person, but at the end of the day, you've got to be that person.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no. I think your trust and relationship with your clients is, like, so strong that you get away with that stuff. But, like, most people, yeah, like, most people will experience the opposite, where someone will be like, I'm so keen, I'm so excited to start, can't wait, and then get off the phone and you never hear from them again.
emily paige: So it's like a cardinal rule for experienced that. That's crazy. Yeah, see, I think that because I've had such a good run with all of these girls, and, like, when I jump in the call with them, I get them really excited. Like, the one thing that I don't do before I get off is, like, they've got to be really keen to join and almost, like, itching and getting to the point where they're like, okay, so what do I have to do now?
Kyle Musca: And then I'll say, oh, okay, I'll send you through everything. And then as soon as I get off, they do it immediately. Yeah, so that's, like, exactly how you want it. The other thing is, like, again, it would just, it would be. Because they're, like, organic. So they've built such a strong trust and relationship in you by watching your content for so long that it's, like, again, organically, if you're the one making the sale yourself, it should be, like, 80% close rate.
emily paige: Like, it should be very high. Which it is. So maybe, like, not until we start running ads should I get them to pay the call? Because I feel like, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: I would still get them to just to get into the habit of it because you don't want to, like, get to the point where you run ads and then start having to throw. Something else in awkward. Because, again, that's when we'll still be decently warm because it will target your followers to a degree. But that's when it will start getting, like, cold leads as well. And then that's, you know, where the sales tactics need to be, like, refined a bit more. Same thing with, like, pricing. If you say it not confidently, that will instill non-confidence in them. So it's, like, you want to kind of have it just there already as a part of the process. And it's pretty easy. Like, the way I do it is, like, cool. So what I'll do is, like, if they say, once they say, yeah, cool, want one of that package. Like, sweet. So I'll just send you through the registration stuff. We'll get that set up. It'll only take about two minutes. Then I'll just grab a few extra questions. So I always say I'll grab a few extra questions, like last couple of questions just from you that I need, and then we can get to work. So you have to give a reason why you're sending it now. Right.
emily paige: Right. Or I can even just say because what I always do is I get them to pay that first initial payment, and then I go in on the back end and change it to whatever like weekly, monthly, recurring it is. So I could even just say it's so that I can change it from the back end, like straight away. So there's no problems.
Kyle Musca: Well, essentially, that's what you're saying by saying, like, I'll ask you a few other, just run through a few other questions just so we make sure we're fully set up.
emily paige: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because you want to avoid those trigger words like payment, all that stuff before they actually pay. You know what mean? So I'll just show you through the registration now, which is the payment link. Once the account's activated and everything like that, I'll just run through a few couple last questions. That'll take like a minute or so. Then we'll be good to go. So did that, I just sent that through. that come through? Yeah, cool. And then they'll fill it out.
emily paige: Oh my gosh, I've been doing that sort of like, I'm surprised I'm getting paid because I've literally just been saying like payment link, like all of it, sending it through to them afterwards. And it's, but I guess like that only works for so long. So, okay, yeah, I definitely need get out of that habit and get into the habit of just like getting them to pay on the phone call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. then just a, yeah, general rule, try and avoid any harsh trigger words, you know, payment, fee, all that stuff that can kind of like.
emily paige: Installments as well.
Kyle Musca: Installments are okay.
emily paige: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like that's installments because an installment is like essentially like a repayment, you know what And so it's a better word for repayment. So instead of like, you know, buy, so it's basically just an alternative word. So instead of like buy, for example, you should use purchase because buyers associated with losing money, purchase is gaining something in return.
emily paige: Oh gosh. Yeah. It's like the same meaning, but it feels completely different when you say it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. That's why you don't say like, you know, I understand like, you know, spend versus investment, for example.
emily paige: See, I need like all, I know that the AI, your note taker does it, but I need all this like written down like dot, like some dot points. Cause honestly, it's so good and so valuable, but I think I'll be able to remember all of that anyways. But the main focus for me now, cause I get so excited. want to jump out like a million things at once. I need to just post that jot form on my story. First do the jot form, post it. And then kind of start jumping on calls with coaches. So do you have like a sort of payment method or call script? I kind of got the gist of it. You pay them $17.50 and then present it to them as like, you can get four check-ins done in an hour. That's $60 an hour.
Kyle Musca: And that's just a start. Yeah. So, well, make sure you say there's two different ones for the two different packages. So it would be like $17.50 for the lowest tier pack, like the lowest option possible. The core offer will start on $22.50. And then with that, there's definitely room for growth. Like once you show that you're sort of passionate, you show that you're a good fit for this, I'm looking for something to really grow into this role. So there's definitely room for growth. And then potentially even, you know, going into actually like managing the team and stuff, we get to that point where we really build it out. Um, yeah. So again, so that's how I'd frame it. Um, I only really offer one package though. It's that's just the main package. Yeah. So with the coach, the good thing about bringing on the coach is you can like get more flexible with what you offer. So for example, like do you do calls now or loom videos?
emily paige: Just loom videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. So your clients get a better level of service then because now that package will then be calls with the coach and then the downsell option will be loom videos.
emily paige: Okay. So maybe for the calls with the coach, that would be. Instead of, like, the $3,500 for six months, $5,000 for six months.
Kyle Musca: You could do that. Mine is $3,500 with calls and then $2,500 with the loom.
emily paige: Yeah, see, I've been charging $3,500 with the loom. And, I mean, it's fine. So that's why I'm thinking, like, there's nothing really to downsell unless it was, like, fortnightly check-ins.
Kyle Musca: Well, realistically, what you could do is if you're paying, let's say we did $25, right? $25 times $24, which is $600. So you could say, if you really wanted to just, like, make sure, I mean, you're going to be profiting massively anyway. So realistically, like, $30, you know, spending $25, $22, initially $25, whatever, to buy back that 15 minutes of time is worth it for you. Because, again, you're, like, you're literally just buying back your time that way. But if you wanted to, you could say just go from... $3,500 to $4,100, you know what I mean? And that will cover, so the $25 times $24 is $600, so that would cover the coach's expenses on that, and you'd still remain just as profitable as you are.
emily paige: Yeah. Well, maybe for like now, I just start with that, like keep doing what I'm doing with a $3,500, and then would I still be charging them $1,750, like the coach is like paying them $1,750?
Kyle Musca: The $3,500 one, would be $2,250.
emily paige: Okay, so maybe $2,250, but that's with the looms, like that's the only one I've been really offering anyways.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but then you'd have the option to downsell if you need, because ideally, so what I would do and what I would recommend there is keep them the same, so keep your $3,500 with calls, like for the coach, and then have a downsell of $2,500 with the looms for the coach, just to, one, get used to the saying that you'll be working with, you know what my head coach XYZ, just to get used to, I guess, the process. It's not going to be very different at all from what you're doing now, but just, again, just to get used to it. And then also just to build the foundation. So you might get it to, like, once she's at 20 or 30 clients, it's like, all right, cool. Now I'm going to charge 4,100 and I'm going to charge whatever the other one is, you know, maybe 3,100 for that one.
emily paige: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So just get them used to build the foundation. Make sure that sales conversions and everything like that don't drop. And then it's like, if they remain really high, it's like, cool, we can increase it.
emily paige: We'll see what the difference is. Okay, yeah. Okay, that makes sense. So now I just need to book in those calls. Now I feel a lot more confident going into these calls with potential coaches now that I know exactly what to say, which is good. That was kind of my main thing, not knowing exactly how much to charge, what to say, how much I'm going to pay them. So now, okay, I've got a clear idea. Even if you could just, like, yeah, obviously with the notes, it'll all be there. Yeah. then I can just have...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll say starting, all right, coaches, August and 50, should be in the notes anyway, just make sure. And then every time you, like, every time, so, for example, you might have a, and you might say this on the call, like, at the three-month mark, we'll have a performance review. Like, if you're, you know, again, proving yourself, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, that's when we'll look at increasing pay rate. or... If you go above and beyond and you just like absolutely crush it, I'm happy to even like bring that forward and look at it, you know, earlier if need be. And then ideally, you'd basically just raise it every time a pay increase happens, you'd basically raise it by like $2.50 per client.
emily paige: Okay, right.
Kyle Musca: So that way, because then you go from like $2.50 to $25 to $27 to $30. So you've got like four pay increases that you can do over, you know, duration of time.
emily paige: And that adds up significantly for them probably over time. But even I'm thinking, one thing I wanted to say as well is that when I do bring on this other coach, I'm even thinking if I do like a weekly call with all the girls, like let's say once a week, then they feel like they're getting, even the ones that are working with this other coach, they feel like they're working with me even more, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So again, this adds to the level of service that you can offer. So we can talk about this a little bit more once we get to it. But yeah, you could do like one weekly group coaching. Call with you. the girls will get direct access to you still in that way. And then what I would also do is like figure out, like have the set day. This is really important. Make sure there's a set day for check-in. So don't just say like you can do check-ins whenever it suits you. It's like fill, you know, let's say 20 check-ins on Tuesday to start, right? So every new client is getting a check-in on Tuesday. Once she's filled, then you can like open up Wednesday and everything.
emily paige: Does that make sense? Oh, so just have it all in one day to begin with, not like evenly distribute it?
Kyle Musca: For the coach, yeah. So it's like, we're just going to fill up Tuesday to begin with, right? And then it's like, once Tuesday's filled with like, let's say 20 clients, then it's like, cool, we might open Thursday. And then all new clients go to Thursday. So just because you want make sure that that's done like that. So they're doing the check-ins on the set check-in day. Like there's no, like you can do it anytime during that day. Again, if it's a call book, you obviously have to show up time on the call. If it's a loom, can do it. But in your own time, whatever, as long as it's done on that day.
emily paige: But you don't want to like, leave it up to them because then there's no structure and they'll forget check-ins. Right. Okay. Yeah, no, I get that completely. Yeah, because I would have thought to, like, split it up to get them doing, let's say, like, instead of doing 20 on one day, doing, like, five on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, but maybe not.
Kyle Musca: No, I wouldn't do that to start with, because, like, again, it's, like, 20 seconds is, like, two or three hours, like, max.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then he keeps it just nice and simple, so you don't have clients, like, on all different days. You can just say, like, every client is, like, I give them a client code, so for that it would be, like, PTU. So it would be, like, Pat is I'm a lead showmaker. Yeah, so it's all on that, easy to filter. And then, like, so, like, let's say the check-in day is on Tuesday, then you might send a personal broadcast message on WhatsApp on, like, Thursday or Friday, like, hey, girl, just checking in, how are you going? So it's one message, but it goes to all 20 of those girls. So now they're getting a check-in call with their coach or a check-in living with their coach. The coach should be doing a midweek check-in, which is kind of similar to that. You're doing a midweek check-in. You know, you personally reaching out to see. How to go on and everything like that. You're also doing a group coaching call. There's also the team chat. So there's so many different levels of like support and communication for these girls.
emily paige: Now, once you add that in. Okay. Yeah. That makes me feel so much better. That's such a, like, that's such a good idea because, yeah, I think my biggest thing is just making sure that I'm still doing enough from my end, even if they're working with someone else, but that like they get more than enough.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's the greatest thing about bringing on a coach is like their job is just to coach. So it's like the fulfillment side of things, the service you offer should go up because you've brought them on.
emily paige: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And you get your time back.
emily paige: No, 100%. Looking at it like that makes me feel so much better. Yeah. Okay. That's exactly now what I need to do. I'm excited. just want to start like getting people on because I've honestly, it feels so weird in the afternoons, I'm not having those calls with like new people and bringing new girls on because it is a bit of like serotonin when you're getting people on and now like what's going on.
Kyle Musca: So it'll be good to start doing that again. Yeah. And again, like the cool thing about where you're at, we can, there's steps after it. Like we can eventually look at getting a closer on once you've got the team built out and stuff. That's a world down the line. think you just keep killing it, sales and everything like that. You can grow it. You can get to the point where it's extremely profitable and you've got a lot of time on your hands. You can go do whatever you want. You can pull back and chill and your whole business runs on autopilot. We can get to those points. But yeah, the first order of operations is definitely getting your coach done.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. Well, I'll do that now. What I'll do is I'll edit that job form. I'll like make it obviously. So it's my own colors and my own logo. And then I'll post it onto my story. I'll book in a call now with that girl because we're kind of figuring out what time. And I was like, I'm going to wait until I get on a call with Kyle just to make sure I know what I'm doing. But then now I'll organize that with her and then, yeah, I'll keep you updated with how it goes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. I've got the contract as well. So once you find someone, I'll send it through and then you can just like get Sign for you. I'll change your branding. And then if you do have any questions or anything, just shoot me a message on WhatsApp and we'll get it done sooner rather than later.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. Perfect. No, I'm super excited.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
emily paige: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Is there anything else you wanted to cover at all?
emily paige: No, it's so interesting. Like whenever we jump on our calls, I'm like, oh, I don't know what's changed this week.
Kyle Musca: And then we kind of getting so much value from it, which is, yeah, it's so good. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. I think we've got a good plan in action for the next like couple of months. And if we execute on it really well, like your business will be pumping.
emily paige: So. Yeah. A hundred percent. No, I'm excited to see like the next few weeks even and just the start of next year. Cause the end of this year has been crazy. Like you're just even seeing them new, just like the difference in like those lines.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, whoa, that's crazy. And it's just still going up. So it's good. Yeah. Perfect. Awesome. Cool. I'll let you get to that. One thing on the top of my mind, actually, I'm trying to put together like.
emily paige: Sort of a compilation of just like video testimonials. Would you be okay potentially doing one of those? Yeah, I can talk. I can definitely talk. So I'll bring the energy.
Kyle Musca: You just tell me what you want me to say and I'll get something over. Yeah, cool. I have a template so I'll just send you that and it's like basically five questions if you just like answer them. Should come out pretty good.
emily paige: Yeah, are you going to start posting it like more publicly now or are just going to still keep it to...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I might do it here and there. I'm not sure if I'll create a new account or just integrate it slightly with what I'm already doing. I'm not going to take on any clients this year.
emily paige: I'll wait till next year before I look at that. Yeah, I think you're definitely at a point now where like you've proven to yourself and you have enough there to show that you know what you're doing. So there's really...
Kyle Musca: I reckon you should just push it. Yeah, yeah.
emily paige: It's just like... That'll be insane.
Kyle Musca: That's so good for you. Yeah, yeah. No, it's pretty cool. It's definitely fun. So yeah, I'll just enjoy Canada fast now.
emily paige: See that later. No, it'll be so good, especially with how many business coaches or people are trying to be business coaches and it's honestly like they're just dog  pretty much, you know what I mean? Like, I feel like there's so many out there that are bad, but you've kept so under wraps, but you've produced, like, the best results, you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Well, I don't want to, like, grow up to the point where it is like that and then it just, like, loses all the quality. So I'm like, I'd rather just have, like, 30 or 40 and I just work 100% with them. But we'll just see how it plays out.
emily paige: Yeah, send me through that template and I'll get a video over to you.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome. All right, well, good luck with the coaches and, again, if you need any, like, help with it, just let me know.
emily paige: Yeah, sweet. Okay, too easy. Thank you so much. No worries. Enjoy the rest of your week. I'll chat to you soon. Yeah, you too. Talk to you soon. See ya. See ya. Bye.


>>> 33/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-04T00:30:27Z | id:106150196
People: Kyle Musca

Torin McGlynn: That's right. You with the family? This meeting is being recorded. my girlfriend. Like, the place I'm in is sick. It's by the window where I'm at right now.
Kyle Musca: And then there's, like, the option there. Yeah, nice.
Torin McGlynn: Is that in Western Australia? Yeah, it's called Joondalup. It's pretty cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right. Well, if you're sick and you're on the trip, then we probably won't go over, like, a crazy amount today.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just a bit of a catch-up, bro. Like, how has things been?
Torin McGlynn: How are you going with the onboarding of the coach? Everything like that? Onboarding coach is good. He's obviously on swing now, so I'm doing, like, quite a lot of the techs, but that's kind of already foreseen. And I got to go high level finally. I just  lost in using the thing.
Kyle Musca: I had a little go at it, though.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. And, yeah, this week I had three sales calls, and all three of them were, like, not qualified at all. They weren't financially qualified at all. So we haven't got any sales yet. But we got three. We Tomorrow, the three, I have three today, but one of them texted me this morning, cancelled. And then the two that I sent you and the other ones, which seem like they're completely not financially qualified as well.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So, all right.
Torin McGlynn: I suppose you're going to have weeks like this. It's just like, I'm sick as well. So it's like the whole, the whole world is like crashing down, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, it all sort of piles on all at once. So what I would say there, man, is we'll run through GoHub. I'll just show you the basics of how to use it. It looks a lot scarier, but you only need to use a very few things. Has anything changed in terms of like the setting, the like leads, like in terms of the poorer quality leads coming in? Do you feel like anything has changed or it's just sort of a weekly swing?
Torin McGlynn: I think it's just like not the best week. One of them is a rescheduler. was pretty keen. Um, like it could be my sales. It could be, I, I, I, I really. I thought I spoke extremely well, and like, you know, I don't know if you feel this, but you know that you did it well, or you know that you kind of blundered it. All three of them felt like I did it well. One guy is rescheduled to next Tuesday. He actually followed up with me yesterday and said like, hey, can't wait for a call next week. So that one could be a nice sale. He knows the prices. We obviously talked. And the other two just broke women, just like actually broke women.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: How much are spending on climate at the moment a week?
Torin McGlynn: 500, like 750 Australian dollars. So 490 USD.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I reckon what we could do, we won't focus on this, like, it's not like a extreme sort of push for it, you know, or anything. But I reckon what we could do, man, is... you. We could look at opting for more of like a two-step system, two-step funnel type thing. And ideally, you'd either get a commission-based triage call or you could potentially even like you may even want to look at bringing on a closer to do more of these types of calls. We would have to figure out the logistics of it. But essentially, as I've been saying, I reckon we potentially move to something where you give them a value. You get their name, their email, their phone number, everything like that. And then you could just have a setter, basically reach out to them, call them, basically have a chat to them, everything like that, and then get them on an actual closing call. Because if you're really spending like $700, $800 a week on Clemet anyway, you get a commission-based setter on. You could either give them a flat rate or something like that. Yeah, does that make sense?
Torin McGlynn: That makes total sense, yeah, for sure. I've been really thinking about like business side of things and like where my time is more valuable. Yeah, and that Like it's frustrating doing three sales calls in a row and like not getting them where we have so many different things we can do, right? Like so many different things we can go like the cookbook avenue, can go like the challenge avenue, we can go there's like loads of different things we talked about, right? Like a mid-ticket offer, low-ticket offer, macro, whatever. Is it, could it be worth like just getting a closer, maybe do this two-step system so then I can kind of focus on business development a little bit more?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean, if you're going to do this two-step system, I'd say get a closer because like I would still take a couple of calls to gauge like lead quality and then you may even want to have it as a thing where you discuss it with the setter, depending on if it's the same person or not, where you get the more qualified calls and then the closer gets like kind of the shittier, not the shittier calls, but like average to  calls. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that would probably be the best way to go. The only thing there is like, you could, the only thing I'm thinking about is like, is it better to have one person setting and then one person closing, or is it better to have a closer who does self-setting and then you can basically pay them like 15% commission?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, because right now, PERMA is expensive as .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah, yeah. If you did like an individual set or individual closer, I mean, to be honest, like with the amount of lead volume and everything like that you get, I think you could easily definitely have, get away with having two different, like a setter and a closer, because then it would be easier to basically say to the setter, like, hey, if anyone's like, you know, really qualified, they're either really keen and have a decent job or they just have a decent job in general, like give them straight to me. I'll take, you know, five, 10 calls a week, and then that should keep your close rate really high so your time is spent well there. And then it's like anyone else, man, like even if you have to kind of trip. Why them? And frame it as like, it's just a, you know, a call to basically just send you in the right direction. I'll get you on with our program director, Timmy, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. To be fair, the thing that you said last call was the internal offer. Sorry, I'm just looping back to why this week has gone so . All three of those people say Christmas is coming up. And I, I objection handled them. I said, like, you know, you don't want to go backwards, whatever. Do you think I should do like the rest of the year free during December?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a good, like a little counteract. Be like, yeah, well, it's funny you actually bring that. I'm actually going to run, I'm running like a bit of an internal challenge. It's only available for people on the team, on my team currently. But essentially, like, if you were to join that, and then you get into XYZ amount of prizes, yada, yada, yada. And for new people, also for like, because you're joining in December, and I value people that are actually going to... Take action because usually they're the ones that actually do succeed.
Torin McGlynn: I'm actually going to give the end of it, like the rest of December, like free. So essentially you get four months of coaching for the price of three. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And the way I look at it is like, the reason I want to do that is because, again, I want to work with serious people. And if someone was actually serious about making a change, then they'd jump on that offer because even if they didn't start till December, they've already at least got something secure to actually start by then. Does that make sense?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. So how do I frame this on the sales call? I say like, I do my pitch, right? I'm like, oh, either way, I've got an internal thing. don't put this on social media or anything. If you sign up now, the incentive is X, Y, Z.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would probably frame it as like, look, I probably shouldn't do this. So, you know, keep it between you and I. But I'm going to run an internal challenge for anyone on the team. Now the cutoff date is going to be, you know, depending on when it is, it's like the tip. 10th of December, the 15th of December, the 20th of December. Anyone on the team is actually going to go into it. We're going to run an internal challenge. I don't post this anywhere, just for the people on the team. And there's over $5,000 of prizes to be won. If you start now, again, I shouldn't be doing this. But not only will you get access to that internal challenge, but I'll also give you the rest of December free. So essentially, get the four-month coaching for the price of three.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That goes in with the group chat. I've got a block and friction point at group chat because of the disparity in my clients. I mean, I've got like 20-year-olds who are trying to get shredded and trying to be like, you know, photoshoot ready. And then I've got, you know, Karen, who's 62, who's got lung failure, you know?
Kyle Musca: You could just do it by age.
Torin McGlynn: Do you think multiple, like two group chats? Maybe?
Kyle Musca: could do an older and younger.
Torin McGlynn: Depending. Okay. To be fair, it's like 80% older. 20% younger.
Kyle Musca: If it's that big of a disparity, then I'd probably just do one. And the younger ones are probably just not going to be super active in it.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. Yeah, it's mostly women as well. So they can talk about their menopause or something. Yeah, I'll get on that. Going back to like the December thing with like, you know, that's a good way to obviously close and give people more incentive because December is obviously Christmas, all that stuff. Not really in a buying mindset. What do you think I should do now to start setting up for like January and stuff as well?
Kyle Musca: So a good thing for this is, yeah, you got the coach on now. So I would, I would start like looking to market for a new year.
Torin McGlynn: Challenge. Okay. Do you think I can mid-ticket offer or the challenge? Oh, you said this before, the challenge is high-ticket. It's just my actual coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that works with the same problem we just spoke about because then you'd be like, yeah, well, I messaged you on the challenge. Yeah, we start January 12th, but the cutoff point is actually December 20th. So I need to make sure that because this isn't just like a copy and paste program, we need to make sure that everyone on the team has their program fully built for the New Year's. And obviously with the Christmas period and everything like that, you know, we are going to spend time, I'm going to spend time with my friends and family and everything.
Torin McGlynn: So I want to make sure that every single program, it's all custom built, which obviously takes a lot of time and care, need to make sure it's all done and ready for when we start January 12th. Okay. Yeah, I can do that. You put up, I saw you put up on your story, like a interest thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's essentially what you do is when you do it. Have I showed you my marketing challenge framework?
Torin McGlynn: No.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Maybe I do, but I don't think so in a while.
Kyle Musca: So. Where is the challenge thing, ?
Torin McGlynn: To be honest, while I'm sick, it might be a good opportunity to create this group chat, because I could open up being like, hey, I made a group chat because I'm sick and I'm going to tell you all that my responses are going to be slower.
Kyle Musca: But at the same time, what do you all introduce yourselves? I wouldn't say that. was like, hey, I made this group chat just to, you know, reuse this as a bit of an accountability tool. At the end of the day, we were all here to, like, you know, inspire and uplift each other and, you know, et cetera, et
Torin McGlynn: So this is like an accountability tool. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: I would kind of like never let them know that like my response can be slow. Like I just like, I'll just throw it in there. Like if you're talking to someone personally, apologies being sick as though. Anyway, so this is like basically how to market a challenge from all different angles. We're really just focused on organic. could actually, I know you've got to high level if you wanted to actually, you could definitely set it up. We'll get to this later, but you can set it up with SMS and email marketing. So essentially you want to do like a two to three week max hard push for marketing. So it kind of works out well. If you prep this week and then sort of launch it like next week or the week after, then we'll have about two weeks. I wouldn't do it the week after, but like ideally before. And that's where, so the first couple of days you just start doing teasers and like curiosity and stuff. Like if, you know, if I would have run a challenge, who'd be keen? I've got something huge coming, you know, X, Y, Z. Would you do it like, just curious who would be keen on a challenger?
Torin McGlynn: If I ran it, I mean, yeah, exactly what you did. So you're in that 14 to 10 days out right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, the thing with me, like my marketing is doing like very well at the moment. So it's like, I'm not really rushed to actually get the challenge up. But I will, I will run it just like, obviously, it's just when you get deeper into December, dries up.
Torin McGlynn: I I was just on your page just before this. You got some ripping videos right now. You even have like a, something I was impressed by was you have like a 1.3 million view video. And then your comment is like Black Friday deal.
Kyle Musca: And the comment has like 135 likes.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, just doing, just doing something like, and you should do that as well. Like if you were to run a challenge, time you do a post, do like a graphic, like a thing, like a text block like that, where it's very clear.
Torin McGlynn: And I would do it above like the recipe, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Because everyone's clicking on the caption, see the recipe. So that's  thousands of people saying that offer that you have.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Like, yeah. Yeah. And the videos are still  ripping to be honest. So, um, Yeah, yeah, cool. I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you just like build hype essentially, generate a bit of curiosity. Nine to six days out, so that four-day period there. Through a four-day period there, you're just doing like hard launch, like announcement-style stuff, right? You I just had to create this challenge because, you know, every single, you know, you get a lot of people, New Year's is just a mental reset for them, step in towards a better life, X, Y, Z. And that's exactly what this is designed to do, you know what mean? If you have any questions, drop them here. With those, like you might not get a massive amount of story reviews, so you should be fine. But like even so, if you need to chuck your own like questions in there, you know what mean? Who's it for? So ideally like, you know what mean? Like who's it for? I have two small kids, is this still going to be good for me? I'm Struggling with menopause, is this still going to sue me? Absolutely every plan is custom built. And so you reply to the specific questions that you ask yourself essentially, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Does that all make sense? Yeah, totally sense. And then like every single post you do is like, you know, basically what you just saw on my thing there.
Torin McGlynn: I do like a carousel for the...
Kyle Musca: Carousel, absolutely. All that stuff.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, okay. So carousel for the challenge and then I can't say... I think I can give $300 of Ghosts away. They'll just give it to me.
Kyle Musca: For the challenge, you just like mark the price right up. I'm going to say eight grand because yeah, you could do Ghosts. You may even want to like, for me, I'm going to do a Bali trip, for example, for the winner because that's only like $1,000 to $1,500.
Torin McGlynn: That's what Sage is doing as well. Yeah. I guess like it's hard because all your clients and some of our Stages are Australian. If I'm bringing someone to Bali from the U.S. That's ridiculous. go Yeah. That's  expensive, you know?
Kyle Musca: I'll do a Mexican trip or something, you know what mean? The other thing is, like, you know, it doesn't matter, because if you get people from the US and Australia and England joining, just, like, wherever you decide to do your trip, just  pick someone in that area, you know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, , true.
Kyle Musca: That's true, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, that's facts, that's facts.
Kyle Musca: And then five days out, yeah, just basically just keep posting the same content as you just do, just kind of some reminders, adding a few carousals. You know, might, you know, recipe stuff, you'd know what to do there.
Torin McGlynn: Matt West does the carousal pretty decently well, so you just tie that into a challenge. He does. I need to get into that kind of content. To be honest, there couldn't be a reason why this week has not gone well. I'm just like, I need to divot a little bit, I reckon. Like, I'm still just spamming  recipes. It's doing well, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, even on that, I was like a slight tension. can see Matt doubles down on that, because it clearly works. Well, like, he also does, and I know you've probably seen, but just so we have a visual aspect of it, but does those carousers as well, like, he throws them in there every now and then.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, he does. He also does, like, little, they do pretty well on bikes, to be fair. I thought they would do way worse.
Kyle Musca: No, the carousels are the second best form of post, besides reels, because people spend so long on them.
Torin McGlynn: Do you reckon, like, either way, that's kind of -looking, to be honest. Like, that's, looks a bit . Yeah. Do you, do you reckon that's kind of the meta, is, like, just doing normal Instagram kind of fonts? Like, if I was thinking of Carousel, um, I would, like, go into Canva and make it look, like, sick.
Kyle Musca: Nah, I wouldn't. I would keep it kind of  like that, um, simply because, and I've been caught, I've been stung, not stung, but caught with this before, is the more organic, like, you want to obviously, to look decent, but if it looks too well put together, like, it can be created on camera, for example. For looks too ad-like. It's either probably a combination of both. Instagram reads it kind of like too ad-y. They don't like pushing it. And then people, when they immediately see it, their brain, because the human brain is exposed to over 2,000 pieces of marketing every single day. So it's actually had to evolve. So when it sees something that's marketing or salesy, it just switches off immediately. So it's like if they see it and it looks too ad-y, they're just like, yeah, keep going. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: It's probably going to do, if it's a challenge post, I don't imagine doing that well and likes and  anyway.
Kyle Musca: No, but you don't have to do that. Well, one, you might do a carousel where it's like officially announcing the challenge. But then you might want to do one, you know, in this sort of five to three-day period where it kind of is like, you know, these quotes might change your life or not every transformation needs to be shared with  abs. You know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: That's actually just a... Maybe. Something of your own personal story.
Torin McGlynn: I mean, I'd come to Matt's actual account, have a look. Yeah. There's a few of them that do it.
Kyle Musca: You may even want to dabble in these actual D-style reaction videos as well.
Torin McGlynn: You can see he's dabbled in them. They don't get anywhere near as many likes as usually does, but they're all right. Yeah. When I was speaking to Renee and the ghost people, they were like, they don't want pay me immediately. Because they want to test for three months before they give me a salary because all my content is looking at my phone. That was their reason.
Kyle Musca: Oh.
Torin McGlynn: So they said three months. give me the, they'll still give me all the supplements and stuff. This only happened yesterday, which I think is kind of fair enough. Let's see how my influence is. And then if it's, I said like it was really good. To be honest, it's not hard to do it in Australia, man.
Kyle Musca: I was like the top-selling ghost athlete and I like barely pushed it.
Torin McGlynn: Really?
Kyle Musca: I was. Well, back in. In day, pushed it, like, a fair bit harder, and then, like, they just don't care about their Australian athletes, so I was like, oh,  you guys, I'm not going push you that hard, then if you're not going to do anything.
Torin McGlynn: So now I just... What's, like, good amount, like, would you get, like, thousands of orders a month, or, like, I don't even know, it's never been sponsored.
Kyle Musca: No, wasn't even that high. Like, it was decent, but it wasn't, like, for me to be, like, the top, or the top three, I think it got to, it was, like, it wasn't that high.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, they do, they tell you if you're top three.
Kyle Musca: They, they will slide it in there, they won't, like, actively tell you, but they'll slide it in there.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's also good to, like, recommend it to your clients and stuff like that, you know, that's an easy, like, little upsell for you now that you've got Ghost.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I mean, literally yesterday, she sent me a big email being like, this is not what we're, not what we wanted, but we want to do a three-month trial, because, you know, you look at your phone, we want to see how the influence is. And I was like, okay, fair enough.
Kyle Musca: You should be like, okay, well, after that three months, then I want to be repaid for the three months.
Torin McGlynn: We'll see how well I can do in the three months.
Kyle Musca: Like, I've never even tested my influence when it comes to discount codes. And you didn't have any story views, man. Like, just post a new story before I was buying, I reckon.
Torin McGlynn: My story views kind of change. Like, obviously, it does well if it gets likes. But if I get one that, like,  likes, I'm only at, like, 15K for my story views.
Kyle Musca: My ones that get  likes get, like, 1,000, man.
Torin McGlynn: Like, 1,500.
Kyle Musca: Oh, really? Yeah. Stories are . They're kind of retarded in that way. But, yeah, it's just got to be something, like, interesting, you know what I mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. If I post a physique update, it will get, like, 500 likes, 30,000, 40,000 views.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I I posted one with Bree just, like, playing with the puppies, and they've got, like, 25,000 or 30,000 views, which, for me, on stories is good because I, like, never posted new stories. Oh, that's the, you've got the girlfriend strat there. That's perfect. Yeah. Anyway, so yeah, the carousals, all that stuff. So yeah, that'd be a good, like, little addition and everything. And then realistically, from that three days to zero days, it's just like hardcore urgency. You know what mean? Like  last 72 hours to join, every day on a story, last 72 hours to join, last 48 hours to join, last 24 hours to join. They've got 20 spots open, 17 of them taken, 19 of them taken, one spot left, make sure you get in now, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. You know what mean? Just push urgency like a . And then what you can do is, like, after that official launch date, you might not want to really do it this time around. We will, so essentially, if it's a New Year's challenge, you'd probably, I'm going to cut off the date around December 20th. That's what I tell Sage and everyone else to do as well, because, like, no one's going to be signing up for a challenge in that Christmas period. They're going to be in half. Hardcore, you know, couch potato mode. So it's like... Yeah, my cutoff date, which I didn't see, is December 20th or December 21st or like 19th or whatever you want to  say. Usually, if it's a normal challenge thing, which we'll do an extended version of this, which I'll explain in a second, you might even want to do like the day after. I've had so many people saying that they were just waiting to get paid or something like that and they just missed out. I'm going to open it up for three more spots. It's first come, first serve. I'm going to open it up for three more days. This is your last, you know, chance.
Torin McGlynn: You know what mean? Whatever. I'm feeling generous, that kind of .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what mean? Just because of the massive amount of inquiry, people like devastated, they missed it, whatever you  say. That's how you usually run it. I don't think run it this time. Just have a hard cutoff date. know what 19th, 20th, 21st, we can all say.
Torin McGlynn: See, I've done it for the time doing one of these things.
Kyle Musca: Well, then essentially what you do is in the new year, so after January 1st, then you would open back up the floodgates. Massive amount of people that miss the intake. intake. There's Um, for my challenge, we start in two weeks. I'm going to open up for 10 more positions only. Once these 10 spots are gone, they're gone. And then essentially over the next two weeks, you would slowly keep counting that down. Already had three people sign up yesterday, right? If you haven't joined yet, make sure you're getting quick. Two people signed up yesterday. Last, you know, and then you constantly just every, like almost every single day, you're putting something about the challenge and how quickly it's filling up.
Torin McGlynn: Right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, so you do it a second hard two week push.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, that would do quite well for you. And then, yeah, does that make sense?
Torin McGlynn: That'll make sense. Will you send me this, uh, document?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Um, yeah, that'll make sense. I've, I've never done anything like this. It's funny to think that I've been like 62,000 without like pretty much just with DM set already.
Kyle Musca: And me realistically, like one funnel that direct sale funnel, um, but one good. Funnels should take about a million years. So it's like, it definitely works. And this is basically the exact same funnel.
Torin McGlynn: It's just gift wrapping in a new wrapper.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what you should also do right now? Is, oh, wait, you're not, no, you're technically taking on clients again. I was going to say.
Torin McGlynn: Technically.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was going to say, like, while you're trying to, like, you're capped out and trying to find a coach, you should have pushed, like, on your stories and stuff hard that you're not currently taking on clients, but join a waitlist, et cetera, et cetera.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, , true. Obviously, no waitlist now, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no point in doing that. I mean, that's always a strat, especially if you had a setter. You can say publicly, like, I'm completely full at the moment, join the waitlist, and the setter just goes through and calls all those people on the back end.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Oh, so they're actually calling phone numbers.
Kyle Musca: And you're going to get an actual setter, yeah. Yeah. And you've got the volume that I record. And, like, you could do it because I definitely think you could do it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it's a qualifying call and then an actual call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like give something away. They give their contact information. We could set up a text, email, automation through GROW high level. The setter gives them a call as soon as possible. Hey, you know, Rachel, I saw you download a Torrance, you know, meal plan guide. I just wanted to, you know, give you a quick call. Did you get access to that? Awesome. I just wanted to see, like, we've got a few things that we could help you out with. I just want to see if there's anything else. Again, we're probably coming. We've got a script for it and everything like that. could find a script from when I did my triage calls. But basically, she just qualifies and tries to add more value and then get them on a second call. Okay, cool. Or, again, you could, you know, because they're only on the call, just, like, downsell them onto a low-ticket thing.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. What's a low-ticket thing? 1K? Or is it...
Kyle Musca: So here, nice and neatly tucked in for you. And then when you have a closer on, you can see that, like, all the different calendar types and everything like that. then if you understand, it's pretty easy, you could say Tommy, right? Oh, that's really  annoying.
Torin McGlynn: Are they all sales calls?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Heaps of sales calls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what I saying.
Torin McGlynn: They're all Tommy's sales calls.
Kyle Musca: He does a lot of them. Yeah, that's, next week.
Torin McGlynn: That's what I was saying. hell. That's insane.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. it's, like, on this  loads. But, yeah, so. And then the cool thing about Go High Level is, like, so you can see. Yeah, so, okay, cool. Different color. Yeah, it's a different color. Color's a different calendar. don't So you can see where things are coming from. So basically, you do come into calendar settings, and then you'd have like your core ones. So for me, from my ads and stuff that the set is booking on, it's a vision call. And then basically, I can just duplicate everything. Like you just easily clone it, duplicate it when you need to create a new calendar for whatever reason. So coming here, vision call, that's just so I can see who's coming directly from an ad. Down here, you can give it a color. can assign team members. Because if you have multiple team members, you can't, most of the time, it should be a manual set. So this is only matters if it's like a self-set. If the set is doing it, then they can choose who they want. Otherwise, you can choose different priorities. So it's like if Tommy's high priority and not medium priority, someone wants to book in at 3 p.m., they'll go to Tommy first. If someone else wants to book in 3 p.m., that second call would go to me.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, .
Kyle Musca: Sure. Does that make sense?
Torin McGlynn: So this works just like Kamloin's.
Kyle Musca: I think it's better than Kamloin.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then this is where you set up the details for like 30-minute durations, intervals, well, that's pretty straightforward. Yeah. Forms payment, if it's a manual book, you don't really need to worry about that. You could do a form. You could do a form in terms of it kind of works like job form, obviously, so you kind of pre-qualify. The reason I don't do it through this is because you can't add conditional logic. So it's like I don't want someone self-setting themselves if they don't qualify. just doesn't make sense. You could, where that would make sense is like if you did have a setter, it's like, cool, anyone that books a call, the setter's going to call and they can pre-qualify them and then they send them in the direction they want.
Torin McGlynn: All right? Yeah, sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, most of the time it should be a manual book and you don't really need to worry about that. All that stuff you don't need to worry about. So that's pretty simple. It's like, you you just get it in that play that it's pretty straightforward. Yeah, obviously, if have any questions, just let me know. Or what I personally did and like to do for stuff like this is just take a screenshot, upload it in ChatGPT. This is what I'm doing.
Torin McGlynn: This is what I'm trying to do. How do I do it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Since our last conversation, I've been trying to use ChatGPT more. You blew my mind with how well you were using it compared to I was. I used it literally like a three-year-old compared to your final boss, ChatGPT.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, most people don't use it anywhere near to what it can be. You can literally set it up in the settings. It's kind of annoying. It's not annoying, it's good, but it's kind of annoying when I just want something simple. You can set it up in the settings to say, like, don't be biased, don't just give me, like, you know, random , make sure you spend time on everything, actually do research on it and everything. So, it's like, I'll ask it, like, the most simple thing, and then it'll, like, take 10 seconds to, like, do research on it, and then it'll, like, write me. Oh, yeah. As it break down, I'm like, , man, just tell me simply.
Torin McGlynn: I used agent mode for the first time the other day. That thing took, like, 10 minutes, and it was, like, the most in-depth thing ever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because agent mode, it can, like, it will literally go do search the web for you. So, like, I used it yesterday, for example. Didn't do it. I did it on my phone. So I don't think it was as good as on the computer, but you can say like, I want to rent a car in Vancouver for like a month, go find me the best option. And then it will like, it literally should pull up a screen and it will like actually show you what it's doing.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty, it's pretty cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So yeah, cool stuff there. Now, so that's pretty much calendar. That's like 90% of what you'd need to really access it for. The other thing is, so what I do here is if you're doing your pre-call messages, for example, I'll call up, you know, Brandon, I'll create his thing. I'll grab his email.
Torin McGlynn: I'll come into here. Oh, this is the, this is the morning text you're doing right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then I do emails because it actually searches it. So it makes it super, super easy to find them. And then I'm like, cool. Pre-call message. Here's the stuff. All good.
Torin McGlynn: You always do a voice note, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: note message. And then I just, for that message, I just copy this one. All right.
Torin McGlynn: This guy is qualified as hell.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, my setting, everything is really dull.
Torin McGlynn: Have you got, have you still got a company on it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but mine's direct marketing. Like, these guys are all coming off on a direct ad. Like, they know what they're for. Oh, they know what they're doing. Yeah, so it's not like a lead magnet conversion. Because you're doing, like, lead magnet conversion stuff, your conversion rate's going to be a lot lower.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, so that's that. And then what I do if I do need it is you can just copy the drone meeting and send it straight there. That's the other thing in the appointment view. The appointment view end, you have to connect, obviously, the calendar, like Zoom or Google Meet or whatever you're using. But you can add that in there. So just auto-attach it.
Torin McGlynn: So you think I should get rid of Calendly?
Kyle Musca: was going to. If you've got to go to Harlow, there's no reason to have Calendly.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I bought the  year of the two-seat version.
Kyle Musca: If you cancel it, shouldn't Maybe give you a refund, I'm not sure. It's better to have it in here because it's like as soon as someone creates a booking, they're also contacting your CRM. Whereas in Calum, you have to download the CSV file and upload it into that. So the second one is, sorry, on that, it's probably easier to say, I've got a chick that can set this up. But like this is automation. So this is where you set up like different things. One is like if a certain action happens and they go somewhere. So what that means like, what I mean by that is like the other day I set it up. So if someone filled out my job form, I set up a zap. So they automatically created, and I'll show an opportunity later. They automatically went into a bucket saying like this is, it created them as a contact with their details. So the setup can go self-set them or like get them on a closing call. But because I got that self-booking option there, if they were to self-book on that calendar, it's It automatically takes them from, they've just filled out the form to they've already self-booked and it automatically changes them from bucket to bucket. So it's like, if they complete a certain action, they can automatically shift, if that makes sense. Well, kind of like Zapier, right? Like, pretty much you got Zapier. If they do some, if they do this, then X happens.
Torin McGlynn: Automated.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Otherwise, this is also where you can set up like SMS and email automations as well.
Torin McGlynn: So this is where you'd send that. That's what I need, big time. Actually, the SMS is, I got the SMS is nice and dialed, but the, um, can't leave, but I'll just do the same ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's the exact same. I've got the thing you can set up for it, the, the framework. There's two ways to do it. You can get complicated and you can say, so like reply yes to confirm you're good for it, et cetera, et cetera. Didn't really like that one. Um, just because I don't  check it anyway. So it doesn't really matter if they say yes or not to me.
Torin McGlynn: Whenever I receive one of those say why, I say I don't reply and I go to the things, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Plus, too, like, the way I see it is, because we have, like, a lot of personalization into this, then, you know, this is more so just to set as a reminder and, like, just to make it super clear on how to get on the call, when to get on the call. But essentially, you see all the different calendars here. So these are all the different options people can book in on. Doesn't matter. Like, whenever they book into them, they automatically feed into this.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I won't have that many calendars, though. No, you'd have, like, one or two, but you just, again, it's super easy to do. just, like, duplicate it, and it keeps going on. Cool. But essentially, you'd have the email that goes out. This is the email confirmation, and text goes out. This is, yeah, booking appointment confirmed, links in your email, yada, yada, yada. Then you just said, wait 24 hours, 24 hours before the call, right? So, obviously, you just set up like that. Again, I've got Shelly. She's a go-high of a chick. She can set this up for you, like, 20 bucks or something. It's pretty
Torin McGlynn: I'd be happy if you did that, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just not worth your time. It's not that complicated. Like, literally, again, just goes through 24 hours, morning of, two hours before, 10 minutes before. And then it's like, it's pretty, if you want to add more  and you just add that in, add action, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Torin McGlynn: And this all only costs $99 a month?
Kyle Musca: I mean, to set up an automation, it doesn't cost you anything in terms of just having the automation there. But when you send an SMS out, it does cost like, it's like less than a cent per SMS, but it can add up. Yeah, if you've got, if you've got a lot of calls booked or you're doing a lot of SMS and email, email, I'm pretty sure it's free. But if you're doing a lot with SMS marketing and stuff, it can add up pretty quick, even though it is like less than a cent.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Okay, that sounds good. And then when it comes to email marketing, because that's where you, you were probably adamant that I should really focus on some email  as well, hey?
Kyle Musca: Well, in terms of the automation stuff, it's the exact same process there. here. Do Do So you basically set it up, so it's like once someone, you basically set up, once someone opts into the lead magnet, however you set that up, probably more so through ClickFunnels, I would suggest, and then you'd set up a Zapier, they automatically go into this funnel, so it'd probably tag them or something like that, we can figure out the details, Shelley would be able to set that  up. Or actually, I've got to go, I've got a Zapier guy that would set that  up.
Torin McGlynn: So essentially, once they go into that, then email one goes, a day after that, email two goes, a day after that, email three goes, it's the exact same build. Oh, it's literally, that is the email flow, like that as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you can, yeah, confirmation email.
Torin McGlynn: it's, this is. we'll do that. What's that thing that you said, the five first emails?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the soap opera secret. So it's like day one, day two, day three, day four, day five. Yeah. And then you could pretty much just attach like the rest of whatever the . So the cool thing about that is like every single day, you could basically like, if you wanted to, you would just come in here, add. Wait 24 hours, or like wait a day, and then you add email, and you could type your email out if you wanted to.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, cool. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Because I already have 30 emails read out, but I do think there could be more. I think there's good value in there, and they can be used, but I think the soap opera sequence is needed as well.
Kyle Musca: The soap opera is just like, get them to learn a little bit more about you, give them information, give them value, and then make an ask. It's pretty simple.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. So what do we think is like, obviously, there's so much stuff here. What do you think should be my main priority right now, the challenge?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially. I would start marketing for that. If you do it on your stories, if you've been 30,000 views, man, and you do that on your stories, you should be able to get a decent chunk. Yeah, if you did it on your stories, you did a couple, you did it on your stories, you did every single video, made it a very clear section. My, you know, whatever you call your challenge is. It's officially live. Only 30 spots open or whatever you do. So put a cap on it. If you're interested to learn what's involved, DME challenge, for example. You put that on every single one of your videos. You should get a lot of traction from that alone. And then you put it on your stories. You do carousals about it.
Torin McGlynn: You should get plenty of interest off that alone. And I don't change my prices whatsoever. Exactly the same. $3,000, $2,000, $1,500.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. People ask you, like, oh, , that's expensive. Yeah, look, I won't lie to you and we're not the cheapest option. And, you know, especially around this time of year, you probably find some challenges for, you know, $199, $299. And, you know, at the end of the day, you probably just get a copy and paste PDF program. You know what mean? Everything we do is, and the reason so many, you know, women come to us, especially women like, you know, in your situation where they are kind of struggled with, you know, going through metamors and those hormonal changes is that they do need something a lot more custom built to their specific needs and a copy and paste. These programs are just not going to cut it for them.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, sick.
Kyle Musca: Sick. Just process costs, do know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I used your little Xbox analogy. Oh, I didn't use Xbox exactly. Whereas, like, you know, you go to a secondhand and get your Xbox. And then, like, two weeks later, it breaks. And you need to go get the one that you originally wanted, like the new one. Yeah. With someone, like, a week or two ago, which is good. Yeah, okay. That's fun. That's fun. That sounds good. Sounds good. So challenge. Framing this sounds good because, you know, there's urgency for, and then they actually start January.
Kyle Musca: They pay me now and they start January. I mean, if you're selling this, you'll get this month free.
Torin McGlynn: You might as well just send them off and they can get started. And then the, when you say challenge starts 10th of January or something, is it just the exact same coaching? I don't do, like, you know, anything differently?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. You just set a reminder of three months to pick a winner.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Okay. Okay. The thing is, you don't even expect a winner, really.
Kyle Musca: You want to announce a winner. But yeah, like the reason I say it's like $8,000 a prize is like $9,000, $10,000 a prize is like you might have a normal prize of like $1,000 to $1,500 to $2,000, whatever you want to say. And then everyone else basically gets a $500 voucher to continue coaching if they want to.
Torin McGlynn: So it's still, and then you can throw on a ghost giveaway and  like that. Yeah. Ghost gives $300 a month for giveaways anyway. So that's fine. Yeah, that sounds good. So like maybe like AirPods, Trip to Valley, some  like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Something like that.
Kyle Musca: Okay. reply to him and jump on the floor. I'll try and get him on like in 10 minutes. I'll just prove.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. We're pretty much done here anyway. There's so much information here. And so much stuff to implement.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah. And then just the final runoff, go high level, is you can build sites through it. It is kind of like  difficult and a bit clunky in my opinion. doesn't have certain features like conditional logic or multi-step forms.
Torin McGlynn: And think ClickFunnels for that?
Kyle Musca: I think ClickFunnels is nicer. It looks better. It's easy to use. Then contacts, this is where all your contacts go. So if you went into Calendly, for example, you can download it to CSV file. You can just upload them in here and tag them. You can create a smart list. So, for example, if you have like, this is a smart list of all expired clients that I had, that I reached out to. So you can set this to like, you know, 100. And then you can select all 100 and then you can send a bulk SMS out, just like that.
Torin McGlynn: So, yeah. So, yeah. yeah. So, Oh, true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Pretty easy in that regard to do it. And then, like, once you do that, and you're like, let's say you get Clement here to conversate, if you're doing it through SMS, whatever the case may be, then all you need to do is come into conversations. Yeah. And this is where you've, you'll see everything.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. With your, you said that's your past clients.
Kyle Musca: Did you tag them or something? Yeah. So you can tag all the clients, you've tagged contacts. When you upload them, you can automatically tag. And this is a smart list. So you can see over here, these are the filters. So anyone tagged with expired client.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. So you actually went through individually, people that were clients.
Kyle Musca: No. So when you upload the CSV file.
Torin McGlynn: Or did you upload, like, your form or something? Because I'm trying to think, how do you tell the difference between, if I'm uploading 3,000 contacts, only about two of them are past clients, you know?
Kyle Musca: So one is, if you've got, like, Let's say you've got all your all-time contact list, and then you should be able to go into Kahuna, so the system you use, and go like all-time clients, download, and then you can chuck that into ChatGPT and say like cross-reference these two and give me a CSV file.
Torin McGlynn: Makes sense, makes sense.
Kyle Musca: I think I'm going to do it in my job form as well. Yeah, exactly.
Torin McGlynn: So things like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. And that's what I would do. I'd go through every different type of form you have, like inquiries, calls booked, expired clients, all that stuff. And then, you know, upload them and tag them.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. Yeah, sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Sounds good. Yeah, that's pretty easy there. And what you can also do here with this is you can actually connect to your Instagram. So, like, if you do have a set of, like, a closer on or something like that. So, for example, like this prick, he's messaged me on SMS. But you can actually message through Instagram.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, cool.
Kyle Musca: And you can see all your messages on Instagram here as well. So I was like, if the closing needs to come in here and have a look at, you know, what's been said.
Torin McGlynn: Wow, true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's all through here.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, this guy seems dry enough.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So pretty cool in that regard.
Torin McGlynn: That's pretty simple.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's... Again, filter it as well by SMSs, inbound, outbound, yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then these are the opportunities. Again, this is what I was talking about before. So when someone inquires organically, they'll come into here. So my closer can go through and, like, try and reach out to all these guys. Yeah. I set this up the other day. Or referral. So I've got two different ones. But, like, depending on what form they come in on, they go into these automatically. If they were to self-book a call, organic self-book call, they just go into this bucket automatically.
Torin McGlynn: If they were manually... Oh, do you have that in your bio or something?
Kyle Musca: So I... I've been in my job form, so it's like if they're qualified, they can just like, it takes them through to my calendar, sorry, my go high-level calendar, and they can just book straight in for a call.
Torin McGlynn: Do you have conditional logic on your job form?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I didn't realize there was a possibility of a job form. I should probably do that, hey. Like my link in bio is like that VSL page, but I don't think  all people interact with it, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Nah, I just take them. They already got an intent if they're doing that, if they're going that far, so you don't really need to try and VSL sell one.
Torin McGlynn: So you think, you think I'd just literally put a job form in my bio?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: No one, literally no But it's this extra step of friction, like if they're looking at that, your Instagram page itself is running as a landing page. Yeah, yeah. And those three, my three pin posts, I reckon, do pretty well.
Kyle Musca: Exactly, like that's the landing page. It's like, we don't need to add an extra step of friction, and then they get distracted and go away.
Torin McGlynn: It's just like, all right, apply.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Let's check one out if you want I'm going to have a look at it. Oh, this is how I can do it, actually. I'll show you just how the format shows.
Torin McGlynn: I see a ghost in there, and you're about VIP, and this is a job form.
Kyle Musca: Oh, it's simple ads. Yeah, and because I want it simple, so it's like nice and easy, and the only thing that changes is if they say working full-time, it takes them straight to, you know, book in a time for a call. If they say anything else, it takes them through to, sorry, we're full at the moment. We're not taking on any clients. Here, you can sign up to just programming. But I might even change that and just take them straight to my low-ticket sign-up option, to be honest.
Torin McGlynn: Where's your low-ticket sign-up option?
Kyle Musca: Have got macro for that? Yeah, I've just got macro, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Ah, that's a, like, I'm thinking low-ticket would be annoying to do on my, on my OneFit now. The macro for a low-ticket would be  sick, the amount of volume I have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, it is. Especially, it's good with the nutrition side of things, so. yeah. Okay. Where's my Yeah. Perfect, man. But really, with GROW high-level, again, it's hopefully that cleared up.
Torin McGlynn: Do you have any questions on that? No. Loads will come up, but obviously we're just like running through lots of information, I know. Definitely need lots.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you do have any questions, let me know. Otherwise, again, I just screenshot and send them to chat to you, and that helps quite a lot. Or, and at the end of the day, like, once you get in there and you actually just, like, spend a little bit of time playing around with it and, like, exploring it and stuff, and it comes good pretty quick. But essentially, I would definitely start, now that you've got the coaching stuff, I would start gearing towards, like, marketing for a bit of a challenge and everything like that because it's just peak time. And it's the only real chance you have to try and get clients across the line in that, you know, mid to deep December part.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah. I've got three sales calls tomorrow. I've got one later on, but I'm not qualified at all. I'm going to cancel one of them. I'm going to do one of them. Just because I'm so sick. I'd rather not do   calls. But tomorrow I'll do my sales calls. Hopefully we'll cross a few over the line.
Kyle Musca: I don't mean mine because obviously Christian's on swing right now. So if this week is a  week, I've still made 5K.
Torin McGlynn: I've got to re-sign up for 2,000 USD. So it's not awful. It's not awful, 5K. It's not too bad. It's crazy because that used to be half my month.
Kyle Musca: And now that's like the worst week I've had in  Asia.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: But yeah, it's funny looking through the VA. The VA's done all my payments and stuff where it's like he did, he backtracked a little bit where it's like, you know, 10K, 10K, 10K. And then so the weeks are like 2.5, maybe like a three, maybe like a one. And then I look like literally just across like maybe eight weeks. And then there's like 36K a week.
Kyle Musca: It's like, what? Yeah, that's insane. So yeah, again, it just comes down to the consistency. Marketing and just like making sure you're doing the right offers and putting them in the right place. So if you execute on the challenge, man, like I've had some of my biggest weeks ever marketing a challenge. So yeah, it's just challenges seem to just get people to take actions. It's  kind of weird how it does it. And the other thing is you have to be really consistent with the marketing of the challenge because like when you first launch it, people are just kind of like, you know, interested. They see it, but they don't really take action. It's like really, so it's the last couple of days where realistically they should, you should get a huge influx of it. Good example of that is when I went to my low ticket summer shred challenge, had like maybe 50 to 70 signups in the first like week and a half. And I was like, , that's really not the response I was expecting. And then like literally I doubled that in the last like three days.
Torin McGlynn: Like I had so many join in that last three days, specifically the last day or so.
Kyle Musca: But like, yeah, it's like exponential. So you just go. It'd be really consistent and it's really  important towards like really start pushing urgency in that final few days.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. And what if someone like for some reason books on a call like one day after?
Kyle Musca: Just be like, hey, so this is probably something you'd have to chat to set us about and the thing to push the urgency like the, you know, I've got to jump on a call and make sure this is right for you. Technically, the challenge cutoff date is, you know, December 20th. When can you get on by then? If they have to be like, cool, man. Like, um, not, shouldn't probably do this, but like, I will allow, obviously you're busy, um, try and get on SA as soon as possible after the 20th, essentially. But yeah, it's fine if they do, but just say like, you know, again, given a reason, like I shouldn't, I shouldn't do this. You sound keen. Um, if you can just try and get on ASAP, whatever, we'll do it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah. I'll make like the prize list and stuff. Um, but yeah, sounds good, man. Sounds good. Do you do like a, I'm thinking, do I do like a, like a. Story highlight for the challenge or something? It doesn't really matter.
Kyle Musca: doesn't really matter. I don't, yeah. I don't think it would really make a big difference because it's a short time frame. So, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: All right, cool. Sounds good, man. But thank you for your time today. This actually was way better. I didn't cough at all. I've been literally dead. You don't understand how  sick I've been. But, yeah, we'll chat. Yeah, soon I'll ask you any questions that I need. There's obviously, there's so much stuff we can do. It's crazy. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Thank you for your time. No worries, bro. Yeah, we'll execute on that and then we'll explore some new things in the new year. But, yeah, I hope you're feeling better soon and I'll chat to you soon, man. Appreciate it, man. Enjoy Canada. I'll speak to you soon. Cheers, bro. Bye. Bye.


>>> 34/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-04T00:57:17Z | id:106156379
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: You were good, yeah. I'm in Canada. This meeting is being recorded. It has for me. What is it?
Callum Hinze: Is it nighttime now?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's 4.30 now, yeah, p.m., so.
Callum Hinze: Oh, thanks for the first thing. That's my mistake, though.
Kyle Musca: No, no, you were good. Yeah, I'm going to try and wake up late so I can, like, this is still kind of, like, mid-afternoon, I'd say for me. I guess it's, like, afternoon, but, like, mid-afternoon, so.
Callum Hinze: Where are you? What part of Canada?
Kyle Musca: don't know. I'm in Vancouver at the moment, and then we head up to Whistler on Friday.
Callum Hinze: Steve, I want to try there, eh? You all right so far?
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's not a very, like, eventful city. It's, like, it's actually a lot quieter than we thought. Like, it's not a busy city by any means, and there's a lot of crackheads. There's a nice area where there's not, but there's definitely, like, a lot of, like, proper crackheads, and I like the ones you see in Australia. Like, I don't know if you've seen the videos, like, in America when they're, like, on the fentanyl and stuff, and they're kind of, like...
Callum Hinze: They look fully zombified. Like, they're actually like that. It's crazy. Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, I've never seen it. Like, they'll be, like, bent over, standing, like, fully bent over, and just, like, in that position, just stagnant.
Callum Hinze: It's crazy. It's scary, eh? Yeah, I might stay away from there once.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was thinking, like, getting a Batman suit or something, go out at night. That's legit. Cool, man. Well, we'll dive into things, bro.
Callum Hinze: How has things been this week? Picked up nicely, Will. My team will lead to coming through, which is good. Has it been, like, a huge pause book, but definitely more compared to the last few weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: So I'm, like, three this week so far, so it's definitely working out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: I should have, what's his name? Lucky. Lucky says he should have those graphics done today as well, so that'll be all the challenge stuff, sort of.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, was having a, obviously, changed quite a lot of stuff around in the back end. Yeah. Um, and then having a look this morning at like the new stuff I put up and they, they look like they're running at a really good cost per lead for this ad structure, like comparable to, I think even like a bit better than mine. And, you know, let me look into this thing real quick. Uh, and mine, like my marketing's ripping at the moment. Like this week is fully booked out. I've got pretty much the next week, next half of next week already fully booked out. So if we can keep running at that, that level of cost per lead, um, then we're  golden.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Definitely. There's been a lot more messages from the bridge. I mean, there's been a few more, I guess, younger guys, like students and stuff, which have been sort of written off, but still overall, it's definitely been the last like seven days of starting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, the good thing about, um, so I've turned stuff off that's not performing well. so I'll show you, it's probably easier just to show you than actually say. Okay. Yeah, so just give you a reference, like at this campaign level, this campaign level is not super accurate because this is taking all the ad spend of all the individual little ads, but as you can see, 60, 40, 60, 40, that's a retarget, and then 40, so it's like sub 50 for the most part, and that's performing extremely well. For the level of qualification we're getting. So that's like good qualified leads, and on that, for me, are you tracking your CEO dashboard? Okay, you should definitely do that because like those numbers only work that well because when we come over to, you know, the CEO dashboard, the booking to lead percentage, like last week, it's like 40, 60, 37, so up around that 40% mark, which is really  good. would like to wear. wear. So Thank Technically it goes off the cost per result, which is not super accurate, but like industry average is like 10%. So if we can sit at like, you know, between 40 to 60%, it's like these, that just means that we're getting really good qualified leads through the door. And then, yeah, as you can see, like you can, you know, start, I would definitely give you a, do you have a VA?
Callum Hinze: I do need to get someone to get stuff up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because this is really helpful to break down the entire chain of the marketing from the ads. So it's like, we can see that's really healthy. Shop rate could be better. Yeah, and that gives us like close rates good. So it's like, for me, I can look at that and be like, the main thing I need to focus on is getting that shop, right? If I can get that higher, then we're sweet. So yeah, really helpful now. But then as you can see, come over to yours. We got last seven days. Cost per lead, 51, 42. This one was super high, but again, you got to be careful. We're just looking at that from the outside perspective. So what I did come in, you can see, so that was the $189. So cost per result, that looks really good. But I would say that's probably one of the ones that was bringing in those  quality leads. So hence I just turned it off. So turned off these ones that have had decent spend. And it's also only doing that because you've only had one lead. Out of all of the, like, out of all the spend on all of these. So it's accumulating all that and saying, okay, well, it took $270. But we've turned them off. So it should fill through some of these more. If they start to pull through. And we just have to find a winner and then we scale that.
Callum Hinze: With the way we're at this moment, what do you reckon is like an ideal number of new performance points that are ideally aimed at dropping?
Kyle Musca: It depends on, again, it depends on the metrics. It of this whole thing. it depends on how much you're spending. But like for me, just so you can have a bit of a view of what it would look like. I'm spending, well, last week I spent six grand, five to six grand is usually how much I spend a week. And all the blue ones have come from Mads. So it's like that was this week. And then like this is next week. So it's like, again, if it's a cost per litre of like 40 to 50 bucks, even 60 bucks, that's still really good as long as the rest of this, you know, process and funnel is pulling well. I don't want it in turn off because 70 is not awful. Anything above 80 is probably when I'll turn it off. If it's under 70, if it doesn't improve over about a week period, I'll probably turn it off. But it's still, it's decent enough that I'll leave it on for now. And again, that's just Your fitness campaign, your trading one is ripping hard, though, which is  awesome.
Callum Hinze: That's exactly what we're doing. Yeah, they're one of the only side, too. I feel like the amount of calls that come from, like, actually, do I give it on a trade? still about if they come from a campaign or not, they're 99% of the signing off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and this is the reason this new structure is good, because you only put all these in the thing just to test it out, and then you can see something like this, $200 spent at under $34 a lead, which is  crazy. That will continue optimizing, continue putting spend to that while testing a few of the other ones out. Like this one, for example, only $15 spent, but already brought in two leads at $7, which is crazy good. So, continue scaling them. And then you can see something like this as well, $52.24. So, these ones are starting to pull through. Should continue to put more on that. And then, again, something like this, $85, it was trying to optimize. That one, but I just turned it off because it wasn't performing. So, and these are all the old videos as well. These aren't the challenge things. I'll be getting the challenge ones up very quickly, but I won't turn these off if they're performing that well. I'll just add the challenge to go alongside them, I think. And then what I'll do is once I find the winner of the challenge, like hopefully start pulling numbers like this, that's when I'll probably pull these back and turn them maybe down if they're performing really well. So we can just basically relaunch them in January and they should, you know, pull through again. How many calls have you had booked total so far this week?
Callum Hinze: This week, eight, sign three, and then two or three rescheduled.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, so that's good. That's where like, again, I think those have only start to kind of. A bit more over the last week or so, but they should have started to exit that learning phase now, or they should have exited the learning phase, and that's why we're seeing a good cost per lead as we are. So that should only continue to improve over the next week or so.
Callum Hinze: Sweet. That's been good. Even just the quality message we've been running over the last week. think that's a good struggle.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's the thing with ads sometimes. Sometimes it can be, you know, one, the marketing can just dry out, like, in terms of the, it gets creative fatigue and we need to get new stuff in there. Didn't really think that was the case with yours because, like, they were good quality videos. They just never really performed as well as, you know, you think they would for the quality that they were. So sometimes it's about the algorithm of meta just didn't do a very good job of trying to find the right person originally. So we just create a new campaign and reset the targeting, essentially. So even that happened, that can happen. And then you're jumping back in the sales seat.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, Jake's had a few left over, so he's done a few this week. He's actually made some sales this week. Yeah, that's sort of just the overlaps.
Kyle Musca: How many has he made?
Callum Hinze: Sales, he's made two this week. So I'm only two from him, one from him. And they were one that he did drop in last week.
Kyle Musca: Right, okay. Yeah, I, yeah. Have you stopped booking him calls altogether?
Callum Hinze: No, I'm going to leave him in there. This is like an overflow. So if there's like people who want to book him weird hours, I think he works later at night, but I'm going to take pretty much some results from him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you're going to do that, it might even be worth like trying to start to explore a different closer. Um, because it's a good idea to have him for overflow, but again, there's just no point in that. Like, if he's just not going to do very well with them. And, again, he's a nice guy, but, like, looking back, don't know, like, , I should have got him out of ways.
Callum Hinze: Look, I think, I'm still happy with the fact that he was on, like, during, like, that drier spell, I think, where Hansel was filming his game. So, as long as it's now, I'll take him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, I mean, yeah. Yeah, again, even in scenarios like that, where it's, like, if you were going to wait traveling and stuff like that, it probably would have been better just to, like, turn things off or to pull them right back, and you just, like, remain really profitable, because that's, like, a grand or two a week you would have just saved on not having ads spent. And then, obviously, all the, you know, if you would have made a close, but he didn't make the close, then you've also lost the potential earnings of that as well. Perfect. So, what So can do, Nathan actually asked me about a mate, real close, so I might ask him real quick. Yeah, that goes. Yeah, again, I would definitely try and prioritize sales yourself, and then, yeah, just give him some overflow if you have it. Cool. Anything else? Is there anything that's specific that you want to kind of cover on this call today?
Callum Hinze: No, I think that's still pretty crazy. Yeah, I'll get those ads, those graphic ads to you guys ASAP, which is, I'm assuming you don't come through any more. And then, there was nothing else I had to set up for, the actual challenge thing itself, but I think it was just the marketing and then just taking sales.
Kyle Musca: Thank Yeah. Yeah. I should have that. I should have that. The  challenge campaign set up today, by the way.
Callum Hinze: Okay. I feel like there's something I'm forgetting, but there's nothing else to do.
Kyle Musca: No. I don't think so. How many, how, the only thing to be a little bit aware of is like, if these ads, well, I mean, you should be getting a crazy, like a really good amount of calls if they continue performing at this. So it should definitely counterbalance it. But what I'll do, if that trading campaign doesn't improve, I'll probably turn that off. Sorry, the fitness campaign doesn't improve. I'll probably turn that off. That will save a decent amount of money there. Um, and then I'll have to do a decent spend on the challenge. Okay. Structure, because I'll be testing it across broad, trading, and fitness as I'm doing with these other ones. And that would just be a little bit of a testing period where ad spend might be a little bit higher. But once, again, you should be getting a really good amount of calls booked off the current ones we're running and then obviously the new, like the challenge ones as well. And then as soon as I find the winning ones, I can just pull it right back.
Callum Hinze: Great. Do you find the challenge of the stuff does pretty well from your experience of running similar stuff?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've had some of my best all-time weeks off the back end of it, like running a challenge.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, true. But like an actual proper challenge, like not a low-ticket one.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I'm keen for that.
Kyle Musca: The other thing as well on that is like, yeah, don't, you know, the ads are good and everything, but definitely pump it organically as well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I've got a bunch more videos that I've talked about this week, so. Yeah, I'll use those and I'll add the one. The CTA is an extra little folder as well if you want to use it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I thought those ad videos they sent me where you were talking just directly to cameraman, I thought they came up good. So I reckon like that's definitely a content, organic content piece you could do as well.
Callum Hinze: Are you talking about the challenge videos or the ones that are just chatting about Ransom?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm talking about the – these ones you sent.
Callum Hinze: Oh, yeah, that was so simple, but they – I don't know how to it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I thought like – P.J.S., it's the new year, and instead of scrambling last minute to try and find something, you're already locked into a plane that builds muscle, strips – I thought that was great. Like, there's plenty of overlays, keeping the ironites engaged. While everyone else is still out looking for motivation, if you want – Like, you could easily sit down and bang out a couple of those volcanics, and then again, as I said, just double them up as ads.
Callum Hinze: I do actually have a chunk of those up, which I think will be ready.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think run them as a lead-banger, man. If you did one reset down, if you want to maximize muscle growth, what is the best split? Should you run a bro split, push-pull legs, should you do an upper-lower? Again, obviously do it in your own way. But then at the end of it, if you want a full five-day training program that I've personally used, DM me the word program or comment the word program or something like that, you know what I mean? Yeah. Because you run it organically, maybe get some traction there, sure. But like, if we run that as an ad, like, that should do quite well. Ideally. And then we wouldn't run it like in December, but like, if you can accumulate, let's say you did five of them a week, if you could, that'd be like 20 by the time January gets here. And it's like, we would, you know, ideally very much likely find a winning one out of that that we can go straight into. Yeah, then we just couple that up with another, you know, 8 to 16 graphics specifically for it, and I reckon you'd have a strong lead magnet on your hands there as well, like you'd get quite a lot of volume coming through that, and especially you'd pick up, because we'll do another hard push in the new year for the challenge, because we've still got a two-week period before it actually starts, and then basically as soon as that challenge starts, we stop direct marketing and we go straight all in for, I mean, we'll still do a little bit of direct marketing just to keep that flow coming in, but we'll just then pivot straight into ideally mostly the lead magnet stuff, which when all these new people are getting to the gym and they want a program to follow, it's like, cool, we collect up on all of them, and then it's just straight into a call as usual into a sale.
Callum Hinze: And then free resource-wise, you would be smart just to do a basic program. It's useful. Exactly. How you struck down just e-book style, but just basic programming split.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it depends on, I've been speaking to a few people about what options are. Yeah, the more you can give them and the more sort of accessibility you can give them, the better. So like a PDF with a program is good, don't get me wrong, especially if it looks nice, but there's a lot of people that do that. So if you wanted to step it up a notch, what you could do is you could even say like, I'll build you a full custom five-day program. And then you just give, you just build them like a seven-day program, essentially, and you get them into the app. You can market this, that's a really good way to market, actually. If you want me to build you a custom program for free, DM me the word, you know, program, and I'll build you a five-day program, right? Essentially, what you do is you get them into the app, your system, and it can just be a custom copy and paste program. You know what I mean? Ideally, you want it very, very passive and easy to do. Even if you've got a VA on, potentially they could even do it for you. Day 7. And then it's a seven-day program where you basically just say, like, if you want to continue on, just screenshot it. Then you could either, for the qualified ones, man, you get them onto an upsell call where you do it as a check-in call. So the shop rate should be really high. But cool, man, like if you want to continue on, it's going to be two grand for three months. Everything will be custom built for you. It'll be a lot more in-depth than the one we just went. So there has to be discrepancies. There has to be a level up in what you're getting. So this is essentially a decoy offer, right? You get them in door that way and then you upsell them that way. Yeah, man, like I just do that for people that, you just want to, you know, have no  clue what they're doing in the gym. And they just want a little bit of direction. For the guys I work with, man, they're guys that want like serious results, right? Sounds like you, right? You want to run that. Yeah, yeah, cool. So you kind of like frame it as in like that's just a  option that peasants go for. This is like if you want actual results, this is what, this is where to go for. Does that make sense so far?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: And then what we'd do is we'd gear it towards, okay. one. one. Non-qualified ones, you would basically just go into trying to on-sell them into a low-ticket, reoccurring model. So maybe, you know, they can continue on what they currently have for like $19 a week. And that should be like pretty passive for you. Again, that's where a VA would come in handy because it's like if there does need to be a little bit of manual stuff done in the background, then the VA can just do that for those people. Does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I like that.
Kyle Musca: So ideally, that can work. That's pretty easy to set up and do. We just, again, like anything, we just need the marketing material. So I think those sitting down talking ones, if you can just continue bashing, like banging them out, fantastic. The other thing we need to do now with this challenge, man, is like we've got all the launch stuff done. Now, same as last time, just need you to do some like sort of talking straight to the camera ones. Okay. Last week, final seven, two A's, all that stuff.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then again, with that, do different angles. So it's like if do a 24-hour one, do one on, you know, maybe the prize pool in it. So it's more so focused on the angle of the prize pool for people that want incentive. And then maybe you do one where it's more so focused on, you know, the dream outcome of building that dream physique in 2026. You know what I mean? Does that make sense? That's really important, those ones. Like I, you know, I feel like they kind of go underrated. But realistically, you'll have most of your inquiry of your challenge within the last week, especially for the last couple of days, especially. We'll do them as a retarget. So everyone that has already... So already... Thank It would be based off everyone that's watched the challenge video so far. So, and then basically, kind of like the graphics, we just want to look like a normal organic Instagram post where you're just explaining the challenge, you're just giving an update on it, essentially. So they already have context of what it's about. Does that make sense? Cool, man. Yeah, that's pretty much what I want to focus on in this next. Oh, and then this next step after that, once those are filmed, we'll go straight into filming, basically, a second intake for the new year. Because from January 1st to January 12th, that's another, basically, a two-week period where we can continue to get new guys on. So we'll need content ready for that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, those are pretty much all I want to focus on right now. That's just starting to pull in for us. So if we can just execute. We should be good for the rest of the year and then into the new year. Is there anything that you want to kind of cover on today's call?
Callum Hinze: No, I that's pretty much good for now. I'm taking some balls to the shower today. And I'm assuming that they're really graphics, so that's what it has for them should be.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then when you go to create those final intake videos, again, we just need some final intake graphics to go along with them.
Callum Hinze: Pardon? It's been from January first, right at the of the Sunday, last intake, so.
Kyle Musca: The last days one will need to be done by December 13th because we'll do last final few days will be launched at the last week. Then if it's December 20th, it's from the 17th is, you know, 72 hours, 48 hours.
Callum Hinze: How long? Maybe like 30 seconds, 60 seconds?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, pretty short. Pretty short. Like, there shouldn't be very long at all.
Callum Hinze: Done. Thank you. you. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: You Perfect. And then, again, you might even, sorry, to keep dwelling on it, just at the top of my head, you might even want to do a social proof. Like, if you're wondering what's possible in 12 weeks, this is Jared, lost 10 kilos, this is Michael, he lost 15 kilos, this is Zach, he lost 20 kilos.
Callum Hinze: I know.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Yeah. So, again, yeah, that's the social proof angle.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Yeah, see. All right, man. Well, I think with these calls, man, like, again, if there's stuff we'll chat about, we've obviously got the time, but we're pretty dialed, and as long as we just execute on the things, we shouldn't have to, like, you know, dwell on things too much. So, that's really just what I want to focus on this next month, and we should be good.
Callum Hinze: Beautiful. In for it.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. If you need me for anything, just sing out. Otherwise, yeah, let's just get after that.
Callum Hinze: All right, Keenaz, thanks again for that. Thanks for putting me in. That's all good, man. All right, enjoy the rest of your morning, and I'll chat to you soon. All right. You too. See you soon. See you then. Bye.


>>> 35/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-05T01:57:06Z | id:106508625
People: Kyle Musca

Hattie Boydle: This meeting is being recorded. I'm here. I've been cold. I'm freezing. It's hot, yeah. You just need a stomach.
Kyle Musca: Hey, there you go.
Hattie Boydle: Oh, how are Thanks, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. How's things?
Hattie Boydle: Oh, nice to be back. Yeah, I was about to say that.
Kyle Musca: Back into a routine. We're working. Yeah, nice. How'd you find Japan?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, I loved it. I think it just hit a certain point where we just started to miss routine and work and it's just a bit more kind of like, well, do we just like keep going for another three nights or do we just like come home and save it because we've got to go away again to Val Dessert in like three weeks anyway. Yeah. It's not like we're short on travel. Yeah, but we've been... you. We've had a few sales, got a few sales coming up, so I've got a few plans in place, so it feels motivating. I think, like, we were so ready to get out of here, and then, like, after a week, or, like, even 10 days, kind of like, okay, we're reset, we're ready to make some money instead of to spend it, and that's Yeah, it's good to have a little bit of a break sometimes, for sure, especially being in the DMs that long. I still don't know how do that, Coburn, but cool.
Kyle Musca: How, is there anything specifically that's sort of, like, driving the sales?
Hattie Boydle: No, just going back to the DMs. we got back, when did we get back? Tuesday night. Tuesday. Yeah? Tuesday night. So, we got back Tuesday night, sold six since then, which is all right. Like, nine more that I've sent in the link that should hopefully come through in the next day or so. I don't know, sometimes you send the link to girls and Millie's things, and then they just, like, disappear for a week. I assume most of them are, like, waiting for their paydays, but too scared to say that. A lot of people were talking about starting in January, but we're going to do essentially what Kate and Lily did, because that's just worked really well for them around the, like, do the giveaway. So we'll do a giveaway for coaching, first prize, 12 months, second prize is a $350 gift card to give away, like a... coaching credits, and then pretty much everyone wins second prize, and they've got to do 16 weeks, and we'll either just message them in the DMs or get on short calls with them and just be like, congratulations, like, you've won this, like, when would you like to get started? So it's like, kind of just feels like if they don't sign up, like, they entered the giveaway because they wanted coaching, and if they don't use this voucher, they're kind of just, like, wasting free money.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So is that... So what's the giveaway? So the $350, are you going to... Actually minus that from the $95 a week, or are just going to inflate it with the $350 on top and then take that away?
Hattie Boydle: I think we'll actually minus it just because we've spoken to so many people about it that like, they're probably, like it's on the website and everything, like the prices. So if they'd seen the website was $100 and then we're like, yeah, it's like $120 and we're going to give it to you for $100, they'd just be like, oh. So we're probably just going to do it, but like, it'll still come to like $80 a week, $25 for the coaches, $55 a week for us. And like, between Millie and Hattie's reach, like Cade and Lily have like 60,000 followers between them and they got like 300 people for booked calls. I think between Millie and Hattie, like that could be pushing a thousand, maybe even if it all goes well. And I think something that Cade didn't do was like get them to spread it further. Like he just said, like comment below and I'll send you the link. I'm going to get them to like tag free friends and follow Flex. And then the winner will be announced on Flex Method Story. We slide on like X date. So that should hopefully encourage them to even tag people that like don't maybe even know about us and what we do and then we can still sort of sell them into coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could even like look at doing a point system type thing. So it's like they just, one is just a free entry, like they just apply to enter the giveaway and that's one point. then if they reshare in the story, that's another point, et cetera, et cetera. So the more that they sort of push the word out there for it, the more points they gain.
Hattie Boydle: I didn't think about that, but then I just thought that additional work for me would then be when I'm generating this list for the, to put into the automatic generator, I would have to like, well, maybe I don't do it, but.
Kyle Musca: That's what I was going to say.
Hattie Boydle: We've said we're going to do it. Like if someone, I'm like, need to know who's shared it to their story, who's tagged friends.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, yeah, you wouldn't really have to do like, it kind of coincides with everyone wins second prize, right?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, cool. think that might even, yeah, especially with Millie's audience being a little bit younger, that price bracket might just get them across the line a little bit more.
Hattie Boydle: I think so. Most of the girls I talk to, because I ask the money question now before I even get into it, because I got so sick of being knocked back. I literally just say, what's your budget between $50,000 and $150,000? And most of them say around $75,000, $80,000. So if it's $80,000, think, and they feel like they're getting a good deal that meets somewhere they're at, could be really good. And we might even be able to find a few big accounts in the fitness space that don't actually have any coaching services themselves, that would be happy to, like, share it on their stories or something, that are, like, friends with Millie or Hattie or something like that. I don't know. Might be reaching there, but it could be bonus points. What was that, sorry? Like, say, like, we've got friends in the space who have got really big followings in the fitness, but they don't have their own coaching services. They could just, like, share our giveaway and be like, oh, I've a chance to win 12 months free coaching on their stories or something.
Kyle Musca: I mean...
Hattie Boydle: I mean...
Kyle Musca: The other thing that I think would work really well, just to push it there, is like, coming and putting it on when you guys make a poster, when Millie makes a poster, if she's up for it, is doing something like, this worked really well for me, is something like that. Like Friday, June, EMP, for example. You just make it like a very bold sort of thing in the actual top of the caption. Because like, again, on Hattie's account and Millie's account, especially Hattie's, because I find like when she posts the photos and stuff, usually it's like a larger caption that people clearly spend the time to stop and read. So it's like, if you have that, it's just like all those eyeballs are going through, like seeing that, if that makes sense.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, the caption will hold pretty much most of the details about the video. Wait, so is that girl actually a guy? Wait, what? let's see. I wasn't even paying attention. that reel? I don't get the how bad did it hurt thing.
Kyle Musca: Oh.
Hattie Boydle: I didn't watch the reel. was talking about what Kyle was talking about.
Kyle Musca: I saw that reel before and I was like, I'm not getting it. Oh, no, no. I had nothing to do with the reel. just like plugging my Black Friday off.
Hattie Boydle: Okay.
Kyle Musca: But I was just saying like with the reach and stuff, like adding it there, works really, really well as well. So if you're going to do like a, you know, a coaching giveaway, I think that would draw on a lot. The other thing you could do there as well, Kopen, because I know like you like messaging you off the back end of the polls as well. It's like you could do the polls on the actual post and like, are you interested? And then just do the yes, hell yes. And so many people just like click on that. So it's like you would have hundreds, if not thousands of people you can message off the back of that, I reckon.
Hattie Boydle: And just send them the platform link.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, hey, girl. Yeah. Yeah. you, um, yeah. yeah. Many chat actually. Dude, I saw there was a setting, you might be able to use it for something to do with this. ManyChat actually added a thing, so it's like if someone tags you in their story, can automatically reply to it now. So it's like if you say share this to your story, and then like automatically replies to them, like here's the jot form.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, they added a few cool features. I'm just going to let the dog out because he's looking dead in my eyes when I'm Yeah, true. That's a bit of a back in. All right, we're back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, cool. And then is it more so like you're seeing that more so on Millie's account rather than the Hatties, or is it a bit of both in terms of the people not wanting to sign up to after New Year's?
Hattie Boydle: He's been spending most of his time in Millie's. He hasn't really been spending much time in mine. There's not really many messages in Hatties at the moment, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Thank Yeah, I shot through a document before with like all new graphic just captions, if we want to try to get some of them up. The bottom eight are all around seasonal, like Christmas period and like New Year's and how it's important to start before it and like not wanting quick fixes and stuff like that. Some of them kind of came at the angle of like, you know, the reason you fail is like because you're looking for a challenge type thing.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, yeah, that's true. And oh, actually, that's a, how do you want to talk to about, she's done the podcast, was it, Mastermind? I've done the podcast, yeah. What do you want to ask? Um, what did you want me to, like, am I not meant to release that on Spotify yet?
Kyle Musca: Like, what do you want me to do with it? Uh, no, you can release it on Spotify. Um, or yeah, release it on Spotify because then we'll grab the link for that. Um, and then essentially we would just plug that into a many chat flow and we would just do some marketing in front of that. So again, we'd probably just do some. Graphics just to get the turnaround done, like, you know, struggle to maneuver the Christmas period, I just broke down XYZ, DMing Christmas or whatever, and then it would send through that, and then you can message off the back end of that. We could, if we can get it done ASAP, we could also quickly do some just short, like, video ads around as well to try and get them up and running if you're down for that.
Hattie Boydle: I'm just thinking, um, might have to listen back to the conversation and make sure we've got, like, things that are, like, are relevant to, obviously, what we're trying to share around the Christmas period.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it was around the Christmas period, like, that was the whole.
Hattie Boydle: It was around, um, essentially it was around, like, why people don't take action straight away. Like, why, like, why do we... And essentially what it comes down to is previous traumas don't allow us, if the place is not safe enough, then they're not going to take action. But then if we don't take action, we never allow ourselves to create a new space where we can actually change our previous experience. So that's like the, so you just end up staying stuck.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I think, I mean, even if you could just like do the, I think the ones you, where you set up the camera and just like spoke straight from the desk to the camera sitting down, think if did that, just saying like, basically what you just said, if you want to, like, if you want to view it, click DME, whatever. And then that will start the conversation just so COVID can get in there and conversate. And then like, at the same time, they can watch that, which will pre-frame them for taking action, if that makes sense.
Hattie Boydle: Yep. Yeah. I need you in the DM soon. I said, I need you in The DMs, then. Yeah. That's all I do all day. Yeah, no, but you're in Millie's all day. You don't have any outlets in yours.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. Did you want scripts for that or did you want to just kind of like just sit down and basically explain what it is?
Hattie Boydle: I mean, I can, I'll listen to the podcast this weekend and I can write something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It doesn't, I think just, if you just explain what it is, I think people just jump on that anyway. And then the setting up the mini chat will be sweet. And then maybe I'll go and I might even create a few different graphics, just purely around that. And then we can just like chuck them up and get that ball rolling.
Hattie Boydle: Yep. Okay, cool. And you want me to film it from the big camera, not an iPhone?
Kyle Musca: Either or, whatever you feel comfortable and best with. Okay, cool. Um, um, Yeah, perfect. And then, yeah, have you seen Cade Millie's ads?
Hattie Boydle: No.
Kyle Musca: They're like, I was like curious, I was like, what's going on here? So I had a look and it's just like, because obviously they've got Revis' ad dude doing it. It's just his, George's, and Jess DiBattoli's are all the exact same wording of, I'm looking for like X amount of women wanting to lose weight and grow their glutes. DM me this.
Hattie Boydle: And like Brie was just straightforward as it can.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Brie was like tapping on her story and like Jess's came up and then like five seconds later, George's came up and then five seconds later, Lily's came up.
Hattie Boydle: They're all the same thing, same, same thing.
Kyle Musca: All the exact same wording and I was like, holy . Yeah, such a leveraged cult audience. Yeah, cool. Yeah. And then I think. The graphics will work for like even if we just hold them for the New Year's and then we just maybe even like do test this out for this December period. And then you can even message off the back end of that if you're saying, hey, by the way, I'm giving you a free giveaway for coaching if you want to apply. Maybe that's what we do. We do the many chat flow to the podcast and it's like, by the way, I'm giving away a free 12 months of coaching. If you want to apply for that, fill this out. And then you can basically go off on the back end of that and say like, oh, you won second place.
Hattie Boydle: Didn't you want to get the thing up though this weekend so you could book me out for next week? Well, yeah, that's the thing. Like we're going to need at least two weeks to get through all the calls. So I don't want to leave it too long because like otherwise if we go to Dowda Z, it's going to come to a standstill again. We're going to be snowboarding all day.
Kyle Musca: We're not going to be on calls. I'm not working on a move there. that's what I meant. So the more time the better.
Hattie Boydle: What are you guys doing? Yeah. Oh, does it?
Kyle Musca: French Alps. Oh, okay. Yeah, cool.
Hattie Boydle: Hmm. Hmm. We can do both separate. What separate? The giveaway in there.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is, like, if you guys are going to take a pretty big step back, I can go and, like, get all the documents to train a chat GPT really well. Depending on if you, again, if you guys want to explore a set of way away or just kind of pull back.
Hattie Boydle: The update was actually, the update for chat's actually really good for conversation.
Kyle Musca: Have you noticed that? I've trained my bot, like, so insanely now. Mine doesn't operate like a normal one. Like, I'll ask it the most simple question and, like, give me a full  breakdown to the point where it's kind of annoying.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, it's like, it doesn't say as much stupid  anymore. Like, it's got a bit more depth to it. And it doesn't just, like, agree with someone when they say something. You know, like, yeah, like, it's a lot more nuanced now, which is... Good. Like, I have noticed that, like, I really haven't been needing to change as much when I'm putting the chats through. Whereas previously, I was just like, what the ?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I find if you, like, because I've done, like, documents and stuff to train it on, like, how to communicate like a human and, like, avoid all those, like, bot-like tendencies and how to, like, so, like, I'll do a set of tone, for example, where I basically say, like, I want you to go research, you know, people like Hattie, for example. And I want you to, like, get their tone and their, like, balancing between empathy and accountability and everything like that.
Hattie Boydle: And it does actually conversate really well. Yeah. That's pretty good. I must be confident even just, like, handing that off to a setter to use, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, and then I think whoever you go with it just needs to be, like, really good communication because now that Komei's created that group chat with my setter, like, he, reading through them, I'm, like, very happy with all the conversations that I'm saying.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, okay. I might even just go with that other guy that you mentioned for the hourly rate, because I felt like Clement was just so slow for not even, like, it was like four days in the DMs and she didn't make a single sale and she got through, like, 30 conversations. I was like, this doesn't add up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think for what you guys do specifically, think that route will be the better option just because you will have the volume for them to be in there where it makes more sense. And you'll be up, and that way you actually get to pick who you want to work with, like, you interview them, and then you, they only work for you and you can actually, like, train them and she can really understand Hattie's tonality.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then if you want, again, I'll go grab all the documents and you can just give it to her. She'll chuck it into a project and she'll conversate really well.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
Hattie Boydle: So, So, So action steps from my end is to do the video so that we can use it for the many chat flow for the podcast. The podcast is due to release. I think it's Tuesday next week. I'll go in and double check, but that gives a bit of time to get it done this weekend.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what I reckon we do.
Hattie Boydle: I can try and move it forward if we need to set up the release of the next podcast.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what I reckon we do is we do like a – I think we hold the graphics I just sent you guys to maybe – I mean, we can try the Christmas ones maybe if you want to try them. Obviously, they're seasonal, so we'd have to do them before Christmas. Otherwise, I think we can more so shift eggs to that basket and test that funnel out more while you guys are going to take a little bit of a step back anyway. And then you can work that in conjunction with the giveaway that you want to do.
Hattie Boydle: I mean, I've got another podcast that I just – Released this week and it's around goals and a part of it, like within the podcast, it talks about how powerful social engagement, being a part of community, having a coach that knows how to plan, strategize, give feedback. Like if you wanted, we could use that as like have two of them running. I don't know if that's already out, but otherwise we'd just stick to the next, the one that's being released.
Kyle Musca: It depends on how much marketing material you can get. I think it would be better just to focus on the seasonal Christmas one and then like just designate the time and the energy to getting different angles for it. So again, just trying to like attack the, attack it from different angles, essentially, because that's what meta is trying to look for now.
Hattie Boydle: I've explained the Andromed update to you guys.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Hattie Boydle: So you want like three different angles, I guess, for the video then? Three different videos?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like, yeah. Yeah, so one might be like, you know, coming at women that always say they'll start next week or they'll start next year, you know, in that angle, whereas another one might be, again, I'll let you, like, come up with the angles because you know that demographic a lot better than I do, but just you want them to be, like, unique. Yeah. And even if you, I'll go put together some ad graphics for that, and then maybe that will also, like, spark some ideas of the angles to talk on as well. Yeah. Perfect. Cool. All right. Well, let's, yeah, let's focus on that and then try and get that up and running by Tuesday if that's when the podcast release. And then, yeah, hopefully that just pulls in a lot of leads and we can just finish off the year strong. Awesome. All right. Well, I'll leave you guys to it. Enjoy the rest of the day, and I will chat to you very soon.
Hattie Boydle: You too, bro. Thanks. Bye.


>>> 36/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-07T23:10:38Z | id:106841444
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How you going?
Arran Humphreys: Hey, bro. How you doing?
Kyle Musca: Good.
Arran Humphreys: Good. How's things? Yeah, good, man. Yourself? How's Canada?
Kyle Musca: Good. Yeah, sick so far, man. I've been snuggled in the last couple of days.
Arran Humphreys: I'm  so sore.
Kyle Musca: Is it cold? Yeah, mean, it's like, on the hill, it's like zero minus one or something, but.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Not like crazy, but. No, you know, because I think Whistler's like just, it snows because it's high altitude, whereas like someone like Banff gets like negative 30 or negative 40 degrees.
Arran Humphreys: it's not like that.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. How has this week gone overall, bro?
Arran Humphreys: Overall, bro, pretty, pretty probably average week. Obviously, I thought it was, it was gone. It could have been a good week. It was probably more my fault. We had, you know, as in got on the call with three clients. All three of them were actually  real good clients. The first one I closed, so I got him. And then the next two, like I texted you through the week, bro, they were solid as, I don't even know what I did. I just didn't, I didn't even push to get it to pay on the phone because I thought they were like, it seemed like they were that solid that they were like, oh yeah, man, like, oh,  . And then obviously thought about it and lost them. I tried to get them back on the call, but then they just did the old, the old ghost on you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's a bit of like a cardinal sin in sales, man. Like you never get off the call, no matter how keen they sound. And it's, it's a good tester as well. Because if you say like, all right, cool, man, like we'll get, word of property, like don't say like we'll make payment now. But we'll get thing, you know, send you through the registration, get you set up now, like just word like. And then if they see the payment link and they try and dip, it's a huge red flag. So, yeah, never take someone's word for how keen now. Like, man, I've had guys be like, oh, I'm  so keen to do this. Like, yeah, basically say their life sucks and, you know, they're willing to do whatever it takes. But at the end of the day, man, like these people like need a coach because, you know, they're...
Arran Humphreys: Oh, lost you. There we go. I've lost you.
Kyle Musca: There we go back.
Arran Humphreys: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, at the end of the day, man, like these people are coming to a coach because they suck with accountability. So, it's like you leave the ball in their court, very likely you're not going to hear back from them no matter how keen they are. So, yeah, moving forward, I would definitely get them to sign up. If they say like, oh, yeah, man, so like you like, cool, we'll get registration. And they're like, yeah, no, sweet. I just got to run back to work or whatever. Like, got to go get my card or whatever. They'll throw different types of excuses at you. You just kind of have to rebuttal like, yeah, no, there's no stress, And all it takes like one minute. And it's just like, I just need a few more details. It takes about a minute, and that's everything I need, and I get to work, and I'll get everything back to you ASAP. So you have to, like, you'll feel awkward saying it, but you have to get over that, and then they'll feel even more awkward trying to, like, come back again.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also, like, in these scenarios, like sales calls and everything, got to keep in mind that, like, you're doing these, you know, pretty frequently, whereas, like, they never do this. So as awkward as it might feel for you, it's going to feel a lot more awkward for them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, and then, again, like, don't take what they say with a grain of salt. Like, as soon as they give an excuse as to why they can't pay, should be an immediate red flag straight up. I don't have my credit card, X, Y, Z, and you just got to come around it, right? If they're like, I don't have my credit card, like, no stress, man. Like, what we'll do is we'll just get you to bank transfer and deposit, and then we can sort that out later.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, I know that NUI, you can pay anyway. So you can just Apple pay it. Say it. Say That's not even really an excuse, they can't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so something like that. Again, you've got to kind of handle it when it comes up. be, you know, they throw all different types of excuses at you. But, yeah, don't let them get off the phone.
Arran Humphreys: Sorry, I was  dirty. But it's like you said, man, you're like, now it's, I know, like I've learned, and now I'm like. Yeah, the best way to learn is to, it costs you money. Yeah, bro. But other than that, man, content, last two reels I posted yesterday, where they are now, I've probably gone on some of the best reels that I've had for a while. Like, they're at 8,000, and I only posted them yesterday. So, that's pretty cool, one after another. Compared to what we were normally doing, like, usually. So, our reach had been, like, going up 3,000, 4,000, 2,500. So, that's, You know, a nice shift upwards, gained like 30, 40 followers yesterday, which is cool. So, you know, that's a win because obviously being organic, it's good just to try and keep going and see that momentum. Because we've been getting little snippets. Each week, man, the reach has been improving. So it's good. It's, you know, it keeps me  pushing because I'm like, oh,  yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, we've seen momentum. Yeah, 100%. 100%. So really important on that as well, man. Like if you see an abnormality like that, obviously just come in and have a look at, you know, what did you do differently about that? So, and I can look straight at these. These were just more so, you know, legitimate actual coaching reels by the looks of, you know, cutting KFC cheat code and source cutting cheat codes.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I think that works pretty good. So I did a couple of reels. Every time I put the cheat code up the top, it's got pretty good reach. So I'm going to reuse that.
Kyle Musca: So with that as well, man, I'll try and show my screen. I don't know how reliable the internet is here. I'm not sure if you did it. Did you do a prompt or anything like that?
Arran Humphreys: On the, like, no, I did, like, a poll thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so these would be  awesome to do in terms of, like, what you want me to send you through my ultimate, you know, cutting, source-cutting cheat codes or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Or alternatives.
Kyle Musca: And then you could either do a trigger word if you wanted to. Do you have ManyChat? don't have ManyChat, do you?
Arran Humphreys: Nah. I'll write that down. So that, is that, that, that's that automation thing, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a paid thing. So like to be honest, it's not like you're getting like hundreds and hundreds of comments. So it's like you might even want to save on the expansion and just like manually do it yourself. Because again, your ultimate goal is to start these conversations. So you could do that or if you're going to do that, you might as well make it even like more simple for them. And you could even do a poll and it's like, want me to send you my, you know, ultimate source cutting cheat codes or something like that. Cheat sheet, you know what mean? Yes, hell yes. Anyone that votes on the poll has just given you permission to message them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I get it.
Kyle Musca: And again, it gets more engagement on the actual videos themselves.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I have found when I put a poll, they go better. Yeah. So that's it. I hadn't even thought of like how I could do a poll, but that's good. Because I've got heaps of them, bro. right. All All All I've got probably, like, seven of them. I just went to Woolies with the missus and just got her to, like, record me doing heaps of .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. And, again, they clearly work, man. So, and it's got that sort of, like, I guess, authentic feel about it, you know what I mean? Like, it's just you in the car with the camera, you know, like, phone camera. It's not super, like, high-quality camera stuff. Yeah, You look at it. It's just kind of like what Sage does, you know what mean? Like, it's just advice that's handy to have and handy to know.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I did, like, a transformation one as well. It went pretty good, like, four and a half thousand. That's pretty good. I do find when I do, yeah, it was a bit of a longer one, but I find when I do transformation reels, I do get the most, like, clicks on my type form.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, yeah, so these are great because they, one, they're good for virality, but they're also great to show... Off your physique, man. Like, physiques sell more than anything. Yeah. It's like social proof and all that . But in terms of, like, stuff that you can just do yourself, you know, physiques and transformation, self-transformation sell very, very well. So do you do them to, like, trending audios and all that , obviously?
Arran Humphreys: I try and find, I just try and find one. I just kind of set up.
Kyle Musca: In edits, there's got a scroll feature. Yeah, can, it shows you, like, trending audios and, like, viral reels and .
Arran Humphreys: Really? Yeah, because, , man, that's the one thing. Like, I hate, I hate looking at, like, reels and, like, trying to find it, and then you end up spending half an hour freaking scrolling through reels trying to find something that's viral.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the inspiration one, man, and then it just shows you all the  viral reels and .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah. I'll give that a go, because, yeah, they are good, and they're so easy. give a go, I'll You can bang one together in 10 minutes.
Kyle Musca: can also save these, because these trending audio ones and  are good to react to. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Well, it's good. My feed is now, because every time I see something I want to do, a green screen too, I save it and like it. So now that's kind of what my algorithm shows me, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then one thing, one small thing I was thinking of this week is when you're doing those reaction videos, man, try to do them, try a few without your face in it from the start. Yeah. Just do it like, because then you might leverage the, you know, the actual virality of the video more. Whereas, you know, I like, and again, this is just to test it, but the idea here is like people will watch mine when I have my face in it because they know me.
Arran Humphreys: have a big following.
Kyle Musca: following. They They Yeah, like, they already have that relationship with me. Whereas, like, you, you know, if I'm scrolling through and I see someone, like, someone's head that I don't really know, like, I don't really give it that much attention, you know what mean? Yeah, yeah. So it's like, if you, yeah. And this gets me all the time as well. Like, there'll be times where I'll be watching a reel and I think that's just the video and then all of a sudden someone pops up and they're reacting to it. And then, you know, as long as you've got a strong hook and stuff, then you can kind of, I think that would be a better viewer retention strategy than having your face in it and they know that a react is coming, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I reckon. I reckon that's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so try a couple of them. Good thing about those is, like, the ones you've already filmed in, even if you want to go retry them, you just, like, re-film the first, you know, that part that you've put your head over.
Arran Humphreys: Like, you don't have to read the whole video or anything like that.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Arran Humphreys: No, man, no. That's good.
Kyle Musca: Uh, and then, yeah, either doing a lead magnet or, um, and then even, even like making it really clear, I'll show my screen again, just last thing on this, when you are going to do a CTA, make it really clear, um, what the CTA is, you know what mean? So what I, what I mean by that is like, have a look at your one, compared to even the one I just posted. You know what mean? Like, I'll have like emojis around and stuff to call attention to it.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep. You know what mean? And then like the, the, the CTA I like to have super clear and like just on its own, just give super clear, direct, um, sort of, I guess how to like. Contact me how to apply or how to whatever, whatever you want them to do, right? Yeah. It's like when it's kind of jumbled like this, you know, like because the emojis are here, which is great. You're adding value to the video and talking about it, but then it's like that's kind of not really standing out much, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I get you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just small things, but those like little things can, you make a difference, especially if you get a reel going viral, man.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, you want it to be real clear.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, yeah. Again, like people like the, when you're talking about people's in like groups and societies, they're pretty  stupid. Unless you give them like super clear direction on like what to do, how to do it, when to do it, they're just not going to do it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. So, filming heaps is. Good. Do you have much backlogged?
Arran Humphreys: No, I've got a fair few now, like as in reels like ready to go and stuff like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's good to have the backlog. And then I would also be cautious not to backlog it too much if that makes sense. So it's good to have a safety in terms of like if you get sick or injured or you want to go away or something like that and have like a grace period there for you. That's fantastic. Definitely recommend. But like a trap I've fallen into, for example, is like I filmed so much content and I was only posting like once a day that my backlog became so  large that I was posting things in , you know, August or whatever from when I filmed it in November. It was that backlogged, which is not super great because you want to be really relevant with what you're talking about. So an example of this is like I was speaking to another guy about something kind of similar to this. you. And he did videos on creatine and he did videos on aspartame and everything like that. Now, aspartame especially, creatine was like 2022, 2023, right? That was like one of the first sort of training things that people have always sort of been curious about. We're in the information age, so it's like doing it now. Everybody knows what creatine is. Everyone knows. Like there's been a million and one videos done about it. Same thing with aspartame. That really started to become super relevant around that 2024 period. But now everybody, because it's been overdone, everybody knows about aspartame. know, there's no like missing information. It's been done a million times. It's like if you do it now, people see it and they just keep scrolling. So it's like every, with the reaction videos, with the training audios, all that stuff, they work because they're super relevant. They work because that's what's trending and what people are, you know, paying attention to in the moment. Does that make sense?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, if you've got the content, just like. Post it, have a backlog in case, like a safety. um like two or three weeks but again these videos are so  easy that it's like if worse did come to worse then you can just sit down and just  bang them out and you know keep up with it yeah yeah um cool yeah that makes sense and then i would double down on those new style of um reels you're doing in Woolies they're definitely working have you found content creators that do that style just to sort of source ideas yeah yeah yeah as long as you got that you you you won't run out um when you say should i make out oh some ad campaigns ready yeah so we could do that man absolutely in terms of the ad campaign all i would need is just like really content and everything like that so um we can definitely look at something like that um do you have do you know anyone that is like a like a videographer or anything like that yeah yeah Yeah, I Where are you based again?
Arran Humphreys: In Mackay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I've got the editors and stuff like that. Usually I find it's easier to get someone to video and then, like, outsource the editing, depending on who you know.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Because, like, I can get the video edited for, like, $20, $30 USD. So it's, like, that comes a lot more affordable than paying a video for, like,  whatever they charge.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah. Because do you make sure your ads are, like, real high quality?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, there's different types of ads that you can do.
Arran Humphreys: But, like... I've been seeing yours pop up a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you've already seen them. So, yeah. Like, I'll do all my organic content just off my phone and everything like that. But then, like, when it comes to an ad, I will, for a video ad, usually I'll get it, like, recorded with high quality cameras. I'll get a videographer. I'll a Have it properly edited and everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, I'm saying that there is different like types of videos. Like you can just talk straight to the camera and try and make it look organic like that. Typically, I find to a colder audience, though, it's like better to actually have it like high quality.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Especially when you're sort of competing with others. Because, yeah, so I've seen some of your ads. It's more so just talking to the camera, but just really high quality.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah, yeah. There's like a different, like a certain structure. And there's different types of frameworks and stuff that you can come from ads. But there's different things like problem, agitation, solution, action. So it's like you're really like hitting on pain points and everything like that to drive conversions. There's like a social proof framework that I think would work really well for you. So if we look at doing the ad side of things, then we should probably look at definitely looking at getting that done soon. Maybe after this guy. Have a chat with that videographer and stuff. Do you know how much he charges and all that?
Arran Humphreys: Have you had a conversation? No, not yet. No, but I'll ask him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, go have a conversation with him. Let me know what he said and I'll let you know if it's worth it or not. And then what we can do is we can start looking at getting some video ads, graphic ads as well. We'll do. They're pretty  easy, to be honest. You just create them in Instagram and make them look really nice and organic. And then we would just need to map out what the campaign is and who we're going to target. So, you know, January kind of only makes sense to do like a New Year's challenge type thing. And then with you, your audience and everything, I reckon just like target tradies mainly.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And like go, I reckon, not mainly, I reckon just  double down on tradies and, you know, tell a bit of your story. Like, I understand what it's like working on site, you know,  X, Y, Z.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then that's exactly why I put together this, you know. second, thing And then you just got to name it something. So in the meantime, think of it like a name. It doesn't have to be anything crazy. You want it to be memorable. And if possible, you might even want to, this is just in general, but especially around like challenges and stuff, it's called like naming it a tribe, right? So like if someone feels like they're a part of a community and they can actually like label that as, you know, themselves, then it becomes a part of their identity. So a good example of this is like, well, Adam, right? EBT with, you know, anyone, it's the Hot Cunnies Challenge. And if you're in the challenge or if you're part of his program, then you're considered a cunny or whatever the  they call it, right? It's a tribe that people identify with.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. So like call the challenge, make the challenge have a name. Pretty much.
Kyle Musca: Yes. You know what mean? We can be targeting tradies and stuff like. Niche down in that. I mean, might be a  trade fit campaign or something. I've actually thought about this. You can steal it if you want. I think a sick name would be like fit for the trade or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Play around with it. Obviously, if we, you know, we want to have everything geared towards trade. So it's like a guy who's on the tools, like think about it from their perspective. They see, you know, Adam's challenge and they see your challenge. He's, you know, mass marking to everyone. Yours is  tradey geared. It's like, he's probably going to swing in your direction because you're solving more of his problem.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, 100%. Well, it'd be quite good too because when I go, when I finish up in January and I go full time, I'll do like a bit, like a couple posts, big reels, do like a bit of my story, say like, you know, left a friggin' six-figure job to go help. People out, because I've seen that people like the mind struggle with their mindset and their confidence, and I wanted to solve that problem and help people out, and then that might make people resonate a bit more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think we just get that in the ad as well.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But even, you can always double down on that, man. Like, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: You can start making videos on that now. Yeah. You know what mean? Yeah, maybe I'll start swinging that around now.
Kyle Musca: I've seen, I've seen a fair few of them, but they're like, yeah, I quit my, I quit working fly-on, fly-out, paid me over $180,000 a year. I can't remember the exact words, I'm sure you've seen them as well, but they usually start with like, I quit X, Y, Z.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. I want to like, yeah, and then if we can try and make it. I want yeah, want yeah, Like personalized to me so it doesn't just look like those other couple of ads that are doing it, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. What I'll do is I'll send you like scripts and everything like that, and then you just go through reword according to you. Like I'll give you the script and it's more so for like, it'll be 80% done, it'll have the direction, it'll have the angle and everything, and then you just go through and reword it so it's yours.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, perfect. And then you've probably got heaps of photos of you sort of on site and trade gear and .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I've been dead in heaps before I finish.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's the other thing as well. When you do the ads, man, even if you're out on the job site and you can like do one or something like that, because like the environment of when you're filming can make a huge impact. It's like, you know, like people will see you. High viz on a job site and be like, oh, like, trade, tradie, you know what I mean? They associate, obviously, they associate themselves with that. Obviously, when you're talking about the gym, you can always be in the gym. That's like the right environment for it. But like, if you're talking purely to tradies about how you've been a tradie, then being on a job site in trade gear makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Maybe I'll get one of the, I'll get one of the apprentices to take the video selfie. But no, I'll get you, man. I'll try, I'll definitely make sure I just get a fair hefty with that before I finish up.
Kyle Musca: Should be good. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, even if you just put on your trade gear and, I mean, if you know a job site local or something, and you go down there and it's like, you know, no one's there. Yeah. doesn't make anything crazy.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. So we'll get them drawn up. Have a chat your video. If worse comes to worse, I mean, like, your missus can help you film and stuff, or whoever, it doesn't have to be anything super crazy.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, yeah. He should be alright, he only just started off, but his  looks pretty good, so hopefully he'll, he won't be too much, you know? Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: How would you try and get some, a lost client back on call? Is this like an actual client, or is this one of the calls?
Arran Humphreys: So like, say, say, say those two that I lost, right? Is there a way that you would, because it was like, if I got them back on a call, you could try and close them? But do you reckon, once they've kind of done that, it's kind of , I can't really know it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's pretty, it's pretty difficult. They're going to be super high-guarded. Like, it's going to be very, you can just kind of like, I would honestly say the best way to go. About that is kind of just like not spam them but like call them pretty consistently for like a day and text them like hey bro like man you hired me you came to me because you need accountability and everything like that bro and start like actually coaching them a bit. That's probably the only real way but even then the odds are pretty low and then what I would do is maybe set up a follow-up like a few weeks or a month or so because then they might like you know fall back into the obviously nothing's changed nothing can change and then you know you can kind of be like have that sort of second attempt then be like hey mate like I just want to say you know what mean does it make sense yeah it makes sense yep um but at the same time like you could also save that for the magic hat as well so like that's why you know if a client doesn't show up or they don't sort of close I'm not super stressed about it then and there because like I know at the end of every month or you At the end of every quarter, absolutely max, I'll go through all, you know, inquiries essentially and be like, hey, mate, like you, you won the, you know, $500 coaching voucher.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's a way to just like collect on all leads that haven't converted. And you may even want to do, have you done that with like the Black Friday or did you do that with even this, you know, end of year stuff?
Arran Humphreys: No.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's a great.
Arran Humphreys: But the Black Friday, the Black Friday, did reach out to old clients and said, oh, hey man, I can go on a Black Friday deal, you get a month free sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you might want to do something pretty similar for, you know, clients who haven't converted.
Arran Humphreys: Anyone that's inquired, they've never signed up. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, whenever you do that stuff, it's kind of like, just look at all the people that have been in contact. Okay. So, yeah. Yeah. With you in regarding coaching. So expired clients, people have inquired about coaching, you know, referrals, all that .
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. But yeah, if you haven't touched clients that didn't convert them, that's probably, there's definitely some clients sitting in there because realistically, those are like the cream of the crop. Like they were interested enough in coaching to reach out, you know, look at getting a coach. They, you know, obviously know that there's investment into it, so they're willing to invest into it, but they just might have bitched it at the time. You know, if they've gone a month or two months or three months and they're still stuck with the same problems and you've offered them like a, you know, a, oh, they've won something or something, they might take it as a sign. Like, oh, , like this is, you know, a sign that I should.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also, good with the, how do you go with the seven-day challenge thing? You said you got quite a lot of interest in that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. So I got probably like 15 people click on that sticker. So then I've got like six of them doing that seven-day challenge this week. And then pretty much what I did, bro, I don't know if I can share my screen, I don't know how do that. But I made up a PDF like workout program and I did like a macro-only meal plan, right? And then I put it into the app, made a video for them, like an onboarding video, and then just pretty much said, look, man, like this is like, you know, macro-only plan, here's your workout program, you know, just a PDF. Obviously, like it's a lot less than what the team boys do, but it should just be a little bit to get you. Friday this week.
Kyle Musca: So you cut out there at the end.
Arran Humphreys: All right, so I'm going to do a call with all of them. Like individually on Friday to see how they went. And then if they go, well, I'm going to like say, oh, you know, like, how'd you go? Oh, felt good having a bit of structure. Oh, sweet man. Like imagine if we could, you had everything, you know?
Kyle Musca: You know what I would do here as well is even when you go post it again this week, add a bit of a prize to it. So, you know, and you could even change it around in terms of the offer. So instead of saying like the first three people that tap it, you could say like anyone that taps it. And, you know, whoever wins at the end of the seven days will get a full 12 weeks of coaching absolutely free.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then essentially on the download, no one would really win. But everybody would win second prize, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then that's $500 of coaching right there that they can put towards a program. Yeah. And then what I would do there is I would just inflate prices. So if you're going to do, you know, $1,500 for 12 months, as you usually do, it's like, yeah, man, so usually it's, you know, $2,000 for the full 12 months.
Arran Humphreys: But with that coaching voucher applied, man, it brings it right down, it's $1,500. Yeah, yeah. And then everybody wins. Yeah, okay, sweet. And that's what I was going to do with, at the moment, because I'm saying, like, sign up sports. Google, my new year's, like, challenge is now, but I want to get payment now. I'm saying, like, oh, pretty much, man, like, you you're getting this month free, lowering the price, saying it's normally $2,000. So then I'm saying you're pretty much getting the rest of December for free, but we're just taking payment now, and then you start in January.
Kyle Musca: That's how I should do it, eh?
Arran Humphreys: You reckon?
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, yes and no. So it depends. Depends on certain factors. You could run it as like a bit of an early bird special, you know what mean? Yeah, man, like essentially anyone that signs up before December 20th, so secures their spot before January, they'll actually get an early bird rate. So usually, you know, the challenge itself is about 2,000. But if you join now before December 20th, it actually brings it down. You save $500, so bring it right down to $1,500.
Arran Humphreys: And you get the rest of the month free.
Kyle Musca: So you could do it like that. So they know that like they'll have to pay more if, you know, if they're like, I'll think about it. You're like, yeah, that's no stress, man. Like, to be honest, and then add an urgency to it. So it's like, and I'm only opening that for like five guys. So, so far, three people have already taken it. So they're like, I need to think about it. But yeah, that's no stress. And just being fully transparent with you, man, like I've got like six more calls this week. And as I mentioned, there's only like two spots left. So if you need to go in and think about it, like that's absolutely fine. You know, by all means, take your time. Just let it. You know that you probably won't get in this round. You might have to, you know, get in after January and then at that, you know, normal rate.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: When you say it like that, people, I've had people like, oh, , we'll just go with it now then.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Create that urgency.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and again, that's a bit of a pressure situation. So just give them an out, you know. No stress at all, man. Like, by any means, go have a think about it to see if it's, you know, even, like, for you. And then you just, I'm being transparent. Like, you're probably not going to get in this time around if you do that. If that's what you want to do, that's fine.
Arran Humphreys: And then if they stay, and then if they still say they want to think about it, is that when you go down to, like, what, breaking down what, like, the actual problem is. Like, finding if it's money, et cetera. So I would objection handle first before you say what I just said. Okay.
Kyle Musca: The ultimate goal is you still try and get them across the line, and if you just can't, be like, yeah, look, that's no stress, man, and then you say that.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so objection to handle first before you do that.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. And I've seen, like, if, so say you've said that, would you say, would you try to book in another call in two days' time to see if they, if they, like, you really can't get them over the line? Would you say, oh, look, bro, like, you know, obviously, here, but have a bit of time, think about it. There's only a couple of spots left. Like, if there's a spot open, you know, let's book in a call for two days' time to see if we can get you in, if you really can't get them over the line.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it's, like, your very last resort at the end of the day. So, it's called BAMFAM, book a meeting from a meeting. So, you never want to leave a phone call without first establishing, like, When the next like clearly when your next communication will be. So for that, yeah, you don't wrap up a call. Like I need to think about, yeah, no worries. Take your time. I'll chat to you in a few days. It's cool, man. How long do you think you'll need to think about about a day? Cool. Let's lock in a time for tomorrow. How's 5 p.m. suit you? Like you lock in a clear designated time to speak again. In saying that though, like I would say still like 90% of the time, they'll probably cancel on you. They'll be like, they'll text you like, oh, I had to think about it. You know, too expensive.
Arran Humphreys: Can't do it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, you don't want them to go away and think about it. Like they're just, they're   who struggle with accountability.
Arran Humphreys: know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Um, so, I mean, you know, it's, you can definitely still try it.
Arran Humphreys: Don't get me wrong, but like, and I would. Yeah, I definitely, I understand what you're saying.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, if you got to that point, then , yeah. Yeah, it's just like, yeah. Yeah, so you've got, I mean, six calls there, man, like out of those guys that come through the program.
Arran Humphreys: Are they qualified in terms of like their actual good sort of candidates with jobs and ? Four of them seem to be. The other two, I'm like, oh, I don't know, but I just did it anyway, just for more practice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. First time, just get the volume through. Four of them, if they qualify, that's still good. Maybe even this week, you might want to do the 12-week program thing. And like, this is only for guys working on the tools or something like that. You know mean? Yeah, okay. This week's going to be completely structured to guys working on the tools, eight plus hours a day. That's you. Click this.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So again, sometimes adding those little, I mean, you got still, yeah, four out of six is still pretty good percentage. So it's like, it's not even really necessary.
Arran Humphreys: Are those four all on the tools? controls. Yeah, while they're at the mines, that's why I know that they'll be good. And then the other ones are like, got a part-time job or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so on the tools or in the mine, is that sort of classed as the same thing?
Arran Humphreys: Like, would they register? Yeah, I would say so, yeah. It's normally like they're either an operator, like they drive the dumb trucks and , or they're a tradie. Well, you could say, you know, on the tools, bonus points if you're in the mines. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, just like a little level of qualification. Again, people might read that, but yeah,  it, why not?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. All good, bro, getting these onto the call. Now, those three calls you did have, did they just come through your application form?
Arran Humphreys: Yep. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. All right. Are you getting many people message your A1 door?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, not really, man. I got a few people. What have we got? I got a few people message me, like maybe three or four, but more just asking, oh, how much is it? You know, not actually messaging me the A1. But I don't, I do push the A1 on some reels, but it's more so saying, go to my link now in the reels.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I find with organics, man, like the application form seems to work a bit better. I would say it's probably because it's a higher level of trust. You know what mean? Like they don't want to have that small chit chat with you in between. They kind of like just want to apply and actually speak directly to you when it's time to chat about it. Whereas when you're doing ads and stuff, it's a colder audience. They kind of want to compensate.
Arran Humphreys: They want a little bit more info to get them across the line to do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've noticed. I've that, yeah, for guys I work with in some situations, you and even my own application form seems to pull through harder and better.
Arran Humphreys: Because what I do, bro, so I get them, they apply on the form, I get their Instagram handle in there, then I DM them, have a conversation, and then I book a form after the conversation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could do that or like what I used to do is I would just call them and then text them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so yeah, as soon as I see their applications, hey, bro, so, so, you know, inquired about coaching, man, just give you a quick buzz to see if you're still keen to start that out. Yeah, sick, man. Okay, awesome. And then, I mean, depending on what you're qualifying them in there, if you're qualifying them in the job performance, kind of just like, cool, bro, well, couldn't do it right now, but like, you know, when do you have sort of like 20, 30 minutes so we can sit down and have a bit of a chat and then book them in manually that way. or if you're not qualified and like it. In terms of you don't ask them what they do for work and  in the application form, then it's like, cool, man, I just want to make sure that I can even, you know, it even makes sense for us to, you know, do X, Y, Z. And then just like, what's your goal? What's your struggle? I got to see, man, like, what are you currently doing for work, man? Is it like highly active or stressful? So they just have financial qualify. And then, sweet, man, we're going to do it right now, but how about we line up a call?
Arran Humphreys: Yes. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then if they don't answer, then I would just text them off the back end that, hey, man, just tried to give you a quick buzz, so you inquired about coaching, still keen on it. Same process.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay, I'll do that, because, yeah, I had a couple, oh, , I had a few people fill out the form, and then they message them, and then they just don't reply. I was like, this kind. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, you'll get that sometimes. But a speed to lead is also critical there, like, as soon as they fill out that form, you should be trying to get on the phone as soon as possible with them. Okay. The other thing as well is if you're messaging them, especially if they have a private account, you'll just go straight to requests and they might not check it at all.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. And just not ever see it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: I guess , I don't know. I don't know if you know what the ratio should be. So I'll pull it up. I get, I've got heaps of clicks on that, on my type form. Let me just actually see what it is. Hold on. Sorry, bro.
Kyle Musca: No, you're good.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so I've got 100, 198 starts, 46 submissions, and then 600 views. What's, is that? that? A right? I don't know if that's a right or not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd say, like, people are just interested in coming onto your profile and, like, checking what it's about. Is that onto your link? Oh, yeah, so that takes you straight through.
Arran Humphreys: That's just like, yeah, this is like the type form. It always shows us . It's probably all backwards, so I don't know. That's that link.
Kyle Musca: Does it send you, does it tell you if someone's partially completed?
Arran Humphreys: It says completion rate, 23.2%.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Arran Humphreys: But it's super simple, man. Like, all that it is, is, um, what are your fitness goals?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I just went through it then. Um, yeah. Yeah, so, I'd just say it's a lot of people just, you know, curious to see what it is, and then click on your link.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um. so, so,
Arran Humphreys: I mean, that's not too bad, but like 23% is a quarter of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so it's not too bad at all.
Arran Humphreys: Oh my , it's 200 people, buddy. 200 people, so like that, it's sick. Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Okay, cool. Well, again, so when are having a call with those six guys, but four guys mainly?
Arran Humphreys: This Friday?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. When do they start the challenge?
Arran Humphreys: Well, I said to them, I gave it to them Friday. said, oh, give it, start it up whenever, bro, but we'll have a call a week after, so next Friday.
Kyle Musca: Right, okay. Yeah, sick. Okay, well, in that case, man, like four calls out of that is pretty solid. But if you say to them that, like, oh, you've won second place, man, it's a $500 voucher. So I think you should be able to get a few over the line there.
Arran Humphreys: Hopefully, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You might even want to try to the guys working casual, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Usually it's 1,700 men, but you've won the voucher, which brings it right down as 1,200. Yeah. Yeah, okay, I'll give that a go. I have a call today with the kid. He definitely didn't really qualify, so he's part-time in that, but I just want to see if I can see what I can do.
Kyle Musca: It's a bit of a double-edged sword because it's like, yeah, they don't have heaps of income coming in, but if they still live with their parents and  and they don't pay rent and all that , it's like, well, they might have a lot of disposable, not a lot of disposable cash, but if they're serious about it, they might still invest into it.
Arran Humphreys: So it's worth a call. Yeah. Well, like kind of what I was thinking is like, they seem like a younger lad, so if I'm like, oh, look, bro, you know, get them under the packet every second weekend. Yeah, $300 hit.
Kyle Musca: hit. You know, sort of like condescend him into it. Oh, you know, still look at the home of your parents, man. But yeah, I mean, it's still a solid, man. So if you get, like, let's say you can get six calls out of that every single week, and then say you get, you know, your three to five average calls from your organic, like just people opting in for coaching, man, that's pretty  like solid in terms of call ratio through the week. And then if you start adding some cheat sheet  in and, you know, starting conversations off the back end of that, adding those polls in, you'd probably be able to get a few calls out of that as well.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have you been keeping up with the CTAs and the story with like the questionnaires and stuff?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Are you messaging them off the back end of that?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I am. Yeah. I get, I mean, I'm getting more as I'm doing a more, I'm getting more responses. Um, at the start I was going to  all, but now. People are warming up to it, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that's the thing. Like, it's a slow process, but, like, it's a consistent one, you know what I mean? And then, yeah, and we're seeing that across, like, pretty much every different metric at the moment. Like, your content's getting more views. You're getting more story interactions. If you can get more story interactions and people, like, you know, engaging or happy to engage, it's like these sticker taps and these things that we're doing, you know, for the seven-day challenge and all that , then, like, those are all opportunities, more opportunities for you to convert more clients, that makes sense. So, it's about piecing all these little things together and just being, like, really consistent with it because it's like you had, you know, let's say three different solid avenues where you're getting three different calls off it a week. It's like that's nine calls a week and then all of sudden you've got a good, like, good level of organic client leads coming through the door.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then that's just the foundation as well. And then, like, again, if you get one reel that goes viral... Or you really find that sort of groove with the content and then your whole account starts to blow up. If you have those organic sort of pillars in place, it's like you will just  rake it in.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. The goal's 5K a week, so probably in the next couple of months, which is not out of touch, really.
Kyle Musca: No, if the ads go well and stuff, and I think, you know, you've got that good level of organic content now, like on your feed, and you're constantly posting like really good social proof, that's a good indicator that the ads can really pull through. I've spoken about this past, I'm pretty sure, but if the organic branding's there, then it's like ads are just designed to get more qualified eyes onto you. So, if you can dial those in, and they perform, then  we're off to the races then, man.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. And my audience, bro, is my following is, like, 86% male. So, like, that's good because that's where my target audience is. You know what I mean? So, obviously, like, my content is going to the right people organically. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. And that's a good, like, good sort of indicator that the content you're producing is geared right because mine's, like, , like, 96% men or something like that. So, but that's, you know, it's who you're selling to. Like, it's exactly who you want, you know, on your account. Yeah. So, what we may, depends on how much of an ad spend you want to do. Um, this is where having a CTA, you know, like, we may even try that as well. So what I would do for you as well, if we aren't going to create some ads, I would even start filming more content like this, bro, and then adding the cheat sheet CTAs and stuff to it. Because then we can run that as like a bit of a follow ad as well to get more eyes onto your account, get your following up a little bit. And again, like not trying to just  go for the kill and sell them straight away. Because if they, all we need to do is get them to follow you, And then if you're posting on your story, all the social proof, all the, you know, sticker tap stuff, the questionnaires, the seven-day challenges and stuff like that, those are all the like little nets to, you know, get them through the door organically.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Because it takes a little bit to warm them up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, I was speaking to a guy the other day about this, man. He does like good content organically. He mainly runs follow ads, which I don't really do most of the time. But I think with someone like you, it probably... be worthwhile to do. And like, as soon as he gets like a follower and stuff, you've probably seen him, maybe. But as soon as he gets a follow and stuff, he messages straight off the back end of it. And it's like, you know, he's got pretty solid, you know, following. He's got good content, but it's just like, he doesn't get crazy engagement. I think it really hinders, you know, his overall accounts growth because like, it's just turned everyone off straight away.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. If that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, I did actually have a look at some of this lab's content last week, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, with this level of content, man, like, because it's all just such a value, like, value-driven energy type . Like, he should be, like, he still does well. I think he does like 40, 50k months of, because he was chatting to me about it. But I reckon with that kind of content, he could definitely do more and that kind of following.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, hence why I'm saying, like, for you, you know, I think it's a good idea we do that, and then we just use the organic nets to bring them in.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I get you.
Kyle Musca: 100%. Cool, man. Well, in that case, man, I'm keen to see how the calls with those challenge guys go. I will get some ad scripts drawn up. Have you got me through your client avatar? You've shot me with that through?
Arran Humphreys: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay, what I'll do is I'll grab this for you. So, basically, just fill this out. It doesn't have to be, oh, , this one. It doesn't have to be anything, like, crazy, crazy. But the more, I guess, detail you put into it, the better the message will be.
Arran Humphreys: Thank you.
Kyle Musca: And obviously just geared towards trades and stuff like that. Don't do just like the average man because everything we're going to do is heavily geared towards trades. So I'll write some, then we'll do it around the challenge as well. So just like send me through. And I'll just keep it simple. Big promise. So the big promise is like, again, make this big, you know, lose 10 kilos in 12 weeks and feel more confident you've ever felt. You know what mean? Like, don't beat around with a bush, like, you know,  straight to a little pappy, you know, and get nice and tangible with the goal.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I have found when I've run trading campaigns in the past, they do really value energy as well, like feeling more energized throughout the day.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: So, like, again, you're going to know, so just sit down and, like, actually think about those, you know, pain points, dream outcomes, what they're trying to achieve, et cetera. Et cetera, et cetera.
Arran Humphreys: Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: I'm just going to keep it at that for now. Perfect, man. Any questions on any of that stuff at all?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, man, that's pretty much all sweet. I was going to ask you, so, like, with, so, I'm, like, saying, I've, like, promoted yet, like, I do, like, a New Year's challenge. Do you think I should do a bit of, like, a giveaway sort of thing as, like, the prize to, like, should I promote that? Obviously, you know, like Sage and that, I do it like a holiday and . I can't really do that yet. I'm not at that level yet. But what are your thoughts?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean, you can always say like $5,000 a prize or something like that because, you first place, you know, you might give three months of coaching. That's $1,500 right there. And then if everyone who wins second place, the way I think it is, everyone who joins the challenge is automatically going to get a $500 voucher to extend it anyway. So that's 10 people join it. That's $5,000 right there. So yeah, just, you know, chuck  together. And then just make a prize pool out of it, essentially. It's, you know, because it's $5,000 worth of prizes, not $5,000 cash.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I can do that. That's easy. Just something else to give them a bit more incentive, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, depending on how you... might want to do it, might even want to do like , again, it's going to be tradie-orientated, so maybe make it a tradie-orientated  thing, $500 worth of tools or some .
Arran Humphreys: What? Yeah. Yeah. We could do that, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so.
Arran Humphreys: A voucher or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then you can also run an, well, with that as well, I'd also run an internal challenge, because that way, you know, like you can, if you've got a really good client or something like that that's been with you for a while, you might even just want to give him the win.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah, by the way, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or essentially just everyone wins second prize, that's  it. Well, any questions on the answer, Phil?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, man, that don't make sense. One other quick thing. I met this dude at the gym. You probably know him. He goes to my gym now. His name's Tommy the Cowboy. He's got like 380,000 followers.
Kyle Musca: You seen this guy before? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: So he trains at my gym, and he was like, oh, like, you know, we could do like some collab stuff. I can help you out. Like, we could sort of link together a bit. I think that would be probably really  good. So I was just, what's your thoughts? Obviously, I see you collab with a lot of lads. Like, what do you think I should sort of try and do? He's big on the mindset side of things. I was even just thinking maybe I should do a session with him with a microphone and just chat about mindset. I'm not sure. If you come up with any ideas I could say to him, just let me know, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you kind of got to... So I've only ever seen him talking about... Political . Yeah, well, I mean, which, you know, I mean, like, I'm a , be fair. If I hadn't, like, you know, I'm a . It just depends on what you want to do. Like, I found the best with those ones, like, you know, I only did it, really, for the first time with Chris the other week. But the skits and  actually work quite well, and they're pretty fun to do.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So.
Arran Humphreys: Sorry, but I lost your back now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I haven't watched.
Arran Humphreys: Because he said to me today, I was chatting to him, he said he wants to sort of shift his content into being a bit more like mindset and stuff like that. Helping lads out. So he was kind of keen to do something. Yeah. And I was like, oh, I kind of tried to GM up. said, I'll coach you for free, bro. Like, if you chuck a couple stories up for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, 100%. If he, yeah, if he's down for that, I don't know.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I was like, I like, pass my name along if he wants to work. Yeah, yeah, yeah, will.
Kyle Musca: Well, I've got a great audience, so I'd swing you two grand for that one alone. And him and I would have some good .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, what was that? Sorry, I missed it.
Kyle Musca: You glitched out. Well, I've got a referral thing. So if, like, you swing a, if you swing someone like him, and he wants to grow.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Mindset side of his business, I'd swing you two grand. And just, let me have a look at his content real quick. My thing's  slow.
Arran Humphreys: I do have another mate. I do have another mate, bro, who's coaching as well. He started with Cam, but Cam sort of is doing his other business thing now. Cam's . Yeah, can you hear me?
Kyle Musca: You got me? Yeah, sweet.
Arran Humphreys: Sorry, bro. Yeah, I do have another mate. That might be keen to jump on with, yeah, because he started with Cam, and he, Cam's sort of doing that other thing now. So he reckons he's been a bit slack.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Who's he?
Arran Humphreys: Just the mate, or the mate who wants to do it. He coaches here as well. He's only just kind of, he's a little bit lower than me, but he's got like 30. He's Some clients wants to kind of get a coach.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I mean, I'll have a look into it. I'm not going to take on anyone new this year. No. Potentially in the year, though. I've heard Cam's pretty average, so.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, that was like when I had a call with you and Cam, but I was glad I went with you because Cam just seems like he's just kind of pumping it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, I had a chat to a chick who's also with Cam, and she's like, yeah, he doesn't  apply or anything like that anymore, and he's like, rates are pretty hefty for what he offers. So, oh, well, all fun and games. Yeah, I mean, I'll have a chat to him in the new year.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. But no, I'll definitely say to old mate as well about you.
Kyle Musca: What I reckon you do with this, man, is... ... ... Oh, this is  struggling so hard right now.
Arran Humphreys: Can you hear me? Yeah, got ya. No, don't have ya.
Kyle Musca: What you might want to do with him is something like get into the skid territory.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Kind of a combination of that with, have you seen this guy? Yeah, I have seen him, yeah. Can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah, so doing something similar to that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. I mean, just get a bit more eyes on the account too, a bit more viral content with a face that people recognize.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, essentially, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I won't even start now. . Yeah, we're good.
Arran Humphreys: There we go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we're good, bro. Yeah, so doing – I can't really share because sharing the screen  it. But doing some, yeah, kind of like the skit reaction thing. So you're kind of like combining them together and then using him to leverage the account a bit more. And then if he is open for you to training him and stuff for free and everything like that, 100%, man, I wouldn't – because that's affiliate marketing. And if he chucks it up in his story and everything like that, man, like 100%.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah,  right. I will try and see. Because, man, probably like one or two stories. I'd probably do follow this often.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. 100%. Yeah. Cool. Anything else you want to run over at all, man?
Arran Humphreys: No, man. No, that was everything, bro. right. Okay. Appreciate it, man.
Kyle Musca: All good. I'll get some scripts written up for you this week, man. I won't be able to write them until you get that client avatar back. So just shoot that back through whenever you can, and then we'll get some draw-up around that.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. No worries, man.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, right. Otherwise, if you need anything, just sing out.
Arran Humphreys: Yep. Too easy. Appreciate it, man.
Kyle Musca: All good, man.
Arran Humphreys: I'll chat to you soon. All right.
Kyle Musca: See you, brother. Yeah, bye.


>>> 37/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-09T22:31:04Z | id:107527867
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. How are you going?
jese Smith-shields: I'm good, brother. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good. How's things?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, not too bad. Not too bad. Same old, same old. How's good? How's Canada?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good, man. My body's feeling pretty  cooked, but... Mm-hmm.
jese Smith-shields: Are you snowboarding or skiing?
Kyle Musca: Snowboarding.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Have you done it often or?
Kyle Musca: I did a trip last year, but it turns out it takes a few days for the body to condition back.
jese Smith-shields: I grew up on the snow, so I know that feeling a little bit too well.
Kyle Musca: Do you snowboard or ski?
jese Smith-shields: I can do both, but I prefer snowboarding.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. Do you do it and do it much?
jese Smith-shields: I had a back surgery a while ago, so that kind of ended that.
Kyle Musca: I've been a few times, but just a little bit cautious of how I do it, really. Oh, yeah. Yeah, fair, man. Fair. Yeah, my back's pretty cooked. Cool, man. All right, we'll dive right into things, man. Just open up the check-in form. How has this week gone overall, man?
jese Smith-shields: Pretty quiet. The bookings are really good, but obviously the sales is a massive, big there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Did get a chance to do the check-in form?
jese Smith-shields: It should have been done. Did she not do it?
Kyle Musca: It hasn't come through. Do you know how many calls you've had booked total?
jese Smith-shields: It's been a really busy week within booked calls. I'd say, even just looking off my calendar, I'd probably say 30.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, because your ads and stuff, like, they're performing at really good cost-fit leads. This new, the new stuff we're doing for the New Year's Challenge, that's performing at a better cost-per-lead than even the previous stuff that we're doing, and that was already a really good cost-per-lead. So, I definitely think it's just a huge sales issue, man, like having close rates of 25% and 13.3% is just unacceptable. Huge hole in the business there.
jese Smith-shields: I've pretty much put them on notice, too, for it. I'm obviously taking... Taking more calls, again, myself, I had a conversation with them both yesterday, and they both came to the same sort of point that, obviously, the leads that come through Kiana's are still very young. So a lot of them actually just don't have the deposit amount to be able to do that sort of pricing.
Kyle Musca: What would be your thought process on that? I would very much say that's just a cop-out excuse, because if we look at it, let's bring this up. I'll share my screen as well. Like, poor performing closes, man, they're always going to look at something to shift the blame on. At the end of the day, like, you know, it's their job to find the money. Everyone has the money. It's not an obscene amount of money that, you know, people just aren't going to have. If we come into... . . . Something like this, man. 82% there, 70, decent click-through rate, could be a bit better, but overall nothing too concerning there. Good click-through, good click-through. So, they're 65% of them, over the age, and then, again, 55% working full-time. So, the calls that they're getting on in should be old enough and should be qualified with a job. So, them not having cash, like these aren't, because you're not getting part-time students on calls, are you? Yeah, so these girls are all over the age of 21, all working full-time. They're not 17-year-old girls who don't have an income.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: See, and girls like Especially younger women, man.
jese Smith-shields: They love spending money on this  if they see the value in it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. They'll go buy  multi-hundred-dollar dresses and spend X amount on makeup and  do X, Y, Z. So it's like, you know, I'm sure you could get a decent amount. This is where you getting back into the call seat is good because if you can make closes, then it's like a clear indicator of like, well, you know, the calls I'm jumping on, I'm closing. You guys are   in the bed. What's going on? Or you can actually see, you know, if there is a further, deeper problem here. But with these two levels of qualification, these, of course, should be very qualified for them.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. So the biggest thing I would start looking at, man, is trying to find another closer to fill that position. Like you obviously take the calls you can. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But those percentages just aren't worth it, like, to keep them on. Like, those just aren't worth it at all. Do you know... Because the thing is, like, you have enough core volume and everything like that that you could get a really experienced good closure on board. The tricky part is just, like, finding them.
jese Smith-shields: Where do you even look for a closure?
Kyle Musca: So, it is a little bit tricky. There's a couple of different methods, and this is something I haven't tried before, but we could absolutely try to, like, potentially even run an ad, like we did with the coaches, and try and find a closer. I've never done that before. Yeah. But in theory, it should work. Yeah. The other thing here, sometimes what I'll do, like, if I'm really good on him, I'm trying to find a closer. I'm I'm So is I'll come in here and just type in sales trainer, message sales trainer, you know, remote closer. I'll message like remote closes and stuff.
jese Smith-shields: Like you can see Lauren, for example, has remote closer.
Kyle Musca: It's not going to come up on my thing as much because it's on your phone, it'll give you like accounts and all that  as well. So you kind of filter through them. And then the, the other option you can look at is like Facebook, Facebook groups and stuff and putting job posts up there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What I'll do is I'll go ask Tommy if he knows anyone and I'll have like a little bit of an ask around as well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. If you could, that'd be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Um, but I reckon we could. So in the short term, we could even potentially like look at running an ad or something for it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. How would you differ out from a high experience sort of closer compared to what Marina and Lauren are?
Kyle Musca: No, you just ask their close rate. Yeah, experience and close rate.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, not fair.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So are they doing the calls with Tommy?
jese Smith-shields: Are they doing any sales training there? No, haven't got that going just yet.
Kyle Musca: I mean, I'm a bit hesitant to do it now. Yeah. I was about to say that like with that kind of close rate, it's probably not worth it just because it's going to flog a dead horse at that point in time. She's just not converting. We could also potentially, as I said, like try the, like the male female dynamic that can work quite well. So again, they're just going to be.
jese Smith-shields: I've had a fair bit of kickback when I was doing the calls. That's why I was kind of keen on having like just the two females because obviously the majority of our leads are female. So I was getting a little bit of kickback when I was trying to book them into myself and said that I was a male. There was a fair few that pretty much just didn't get on a call simply because of that case.
Kyle Musca: Do you know the percentage of that roughly at all?
jese Smith-shields: It was obviously a low percentage. Like still a lot of them got on the call, but there still was like obviously a little bit of a leak there, but I wouldn't know the percentage for it.
Kyle Musca: I mean, yeah. Yeah, ideally a female closer would. Like if you can get a skilled female closer, then absolutely. But again, it's just like  difficult to, to. Find a good female clothes. It's like, it's just like an industry that's not like, like heaps of females in, then like finding one that actually fits the role. What I'll do right now actually is, I know a female US clothes, I think she, yeah, Jordan, let me text her. Put it on the phone. I'll it on my phone, I'll try and text her after.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, now you are.
Kyle Musca: She's US-based and she's been through she sells. Otherwise, actually, I know what I could do. Now, yeah, I know what I could do. There's also this company. I'll send it to you right now. I'll make them connect with you. There's. They're like an Australian sales closer, and basically they are part of their, so they put the girls through training, like the girls come to invest into them for the training, and then as part of, you know, why they come to them is because they guarantee them like a sales role at the end of it.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, and it's good now that you've actually got the, like you can see how many calls you're getting a week and everything, and the potential profits and everything, and potential commissions and everything to be made, because that's like, they'll put a job post up, and if you can say what you've been getting, like the 30 calls a week and everything like that, that you should get heaps of good inquiry from. Okay, so I'll just let her know your message it?
jese Smith-shields: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Other than that, you dealing with any other issues at the moment?
jese Smith-shields: No, everything else is pretty much running pretty smoothly, actually.
Kyle Musca: Oh, , damn. And sent her thing to her, good. I would get in contact with, ah, you . Show contact. Yeah, I'd get in contact with this chick ASAP on this.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Be cautious, like, yeah, just send it to the chat. Be cautious, Breeze hired a few through her. Well, like one, actually. One turned out to be really good when she started, and then she had to get, like, went away on holiday and everything, and then, like, she decided to change career paths when she got back. So she was good until then, and then she hired another one who seemed good, but then she just didn't pull through. Now, what I would do, what I would highly recommend doing for this is hiring, like, and especially because you've got the call volume, hiring, like, two, three, even four if you can, obviously if they're qualified, and then just, like, giving them the competition. Whoever performs the best gets the role.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Don't, like, don't make the mistake of, like, just, you know, picking one, hoping it pulls through. Just, like. Throw them all in a  rink, and you give them 10 calls, see who performs best, and go from there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that's a good way of doing it, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, I would say, like, unfortunately, you know, you have to kind of test with the calls, but with the close rates, you know, they're currently, I mean, you couldn't do much worse than that, unfortunately.
jese Smith-shields: It's a little bit, like, it's obviously a little bit of a tricky time of the year to try and get in closes and try and trial them, especially with that challenge running at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it's a good offer and everything like that, so, and you're still getting the call volume. It hasn't really seemed to quieten down at all. So, I think, you know, you might as well try and test them as soon as possible, and so I think message you as soon as possible, and then if we're, like, you know, if you can get them set up before the New Year's, we can still do another really hard push for a New Year's challenge come January, because realistically, if you... had a closer that was closing at like, you know, even let's say industry average of 40%, like you'd be , you know, raking it in at the moment.
jese Smith-shields: So is that the industry standards 40%?
Kyle Musca: Industry like average is 40%, like that's very average.
jese Smith-shields: hell.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like even for a tripwire offer, which is like they get on the call thinking about something, it's about something else, so it's like free value or something like that, and then it leads into a sale. That industry average is like 30%, so for them to be like  this, like  up this bad on a direct offer is, you know, pitiful.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which is a shame, because Lauren actually looked like she was like doing well for a bit there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that's the thing with Lauren, she's very invested into it. Like she's always asking the question, she's always trying to put across her advice and stuff of how to try and make it better as well. With Lauren. With For some reason, I can't get her into my Newey account. For some whatever reason, it won't allow me. So she's limited on the set links that I can give her and she can't actually edit any of them.
Kyle Musca: Do you have Nigel's or the Nigel's or James's contact from Newey?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah. I have a message to them about it and I think it's purely down to her phone.
Kyle Musca: She can't seem to update it. That's annoying. They were talking about bringing out like a web app, web version of the app.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: In September, have they made much progress on that?
jese Smith-shields: I was talking to Jono about it because I did some advertisement thing for Newey the other day. He reckons they're going to be trial on it in the next coming weeks, but I feel like they've been saying that for months now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm probably just going to move away from it, to be honest. Yeah. I mean, they're right, but like it's just doesn't have – when you've got a team and stuff and you've actually built it beyond the point where it's just you, it's not very very Yeah, yeah, definitely. So.
jese Smith-shields: Would you just go into Stripe?
Kyle Musca: I'm going to do Stripe. So, for example, that's another thing I need to chat about. I've just created my UAE account. So, like, I use Newey for this stuff now, but I don't think I'll use it for that. I'm just going to use Stripe for it, and it's just as simple, less fees, and, you know, you can get a team and stuff in there to do .
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: With someone like you, I mean, you could take new sales on Stripe if you wanted to. I wouldn't recommend trying to transition your whole business from Newey onto Stripe. But, like, if it is that much of a head , especially, you know, you going to the team, growing the team out, getting closes on, like, you know, it might probably be worth looking at just signing new clients up on Stripe. Yeah. Also for a safety thing as well, because it's like you're getting... You're getting... You're you know,  Marina and Lauren in there and everything like that. And I'm not sure how much, like, actual access they have in the settings, but, like, they are logging in on your admin account. Whereas, like, Stripe, you can obviously just, you know, add them as a team member and give them certain roles and permissions and stuff. They can't actually change any of the settings or, like, billing information or anything like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, I spoke to Nigel about that. Apparently there is a lot of two-factor authentications in those, a lot of those settings as well. So, But, again, it's probably a bit of a safety issue.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, Nigel and James and stuff are nice guys and everything. But, I think, you know, Newey is just built for, like, coaches that just have no  clue about payments or anything and just want to follow a trend. Yeah. And, realistically, Stripe's kind of, like, go high level. Yeah, I mean, it looks kind of complicated from the outset. But it's, like, once you just play around with it for, like, 10 minutes, like, it starts to make a lot more sense.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I understand. I understand.
Kyle Musca: I understand. understand. Oh, God, it takes a bit more than 10 minutes, but yeah, I mean, like, that's the biggest issue at the moment, man, because, like, your marketing's performing really well. You're clearly, like, getting plenty of qualified calls with standard qualified, and they're just not converting. And, like, just to give you, what's your CEO dashboard? Do you have that updated?
jese Smith-shields: Can you pull it up? Yeah, the CEO dashboard one. If you didn't get around to, I'm surprised you didn't get that done, to be honest with you, for yesterday.
Kyle Musca: But I think if you reach out to PIP, and then I reckon we just try some ads, I'll just target people that are interested in sales and stuff. Yeah. Yes.
jese Smith-shields: I don't think she has a lot of that.
Kyle Musca: Wake 1, the 4th. Oh, yeah, she has.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, Wake 1.
Kyle Musca: So, booking to lead, you know, 15%. So, oh, okay. It's because she's going off. So, that's, hang on, let get my arrow. So, one thing I'll do here is, see how this is, like, 144 versus 24?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, one thing I'll do there is make sure that she's actually, um, or whoever it is, is, uh, doing it off the actual lead. So, for example, yeah, so results there. What's that from the 4th? The 4th to the, the 27th to the 4th. Okay. So, the 4th. So, So, yeah, that makes a bit more sense. So, yeah, if you change this to, change the 144 to 27. Yeah. That's what it should be. See how that changes that to 81%? Yeah. So that's your actual, like, leads. Right now, what she's doing is she's marking cost per result in meta, which is how it's, like, sort of set. So she needs to go in and, like, do you know how to do this?
jese Smith-shields: Nah, I wouldn't have a clue.
Kyle Musca: So I'll show you. It's very super simple.
jese Smith-shields: I'll share my screen if you want to stop sharing yours. Yeah. Let's go, sorry.
Kyle Musca: I'll just kick you off that.
jese Smith-shields: Does that work? Yeah, there you go.
Kyle Musca: Yep. So can you see that?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, you come in, you just do the time frame, so it's actually the 26th to the 4th there. And then what you need to do is go columns. I've created mine to do how I want it, but literally all she needs to do is press custom. And then type in, like, leads. And then just add total and cost. Yeah, okay. Also total. I mean, she might as well add cost, but also total. So it will automatically be set to cost per, like, results. This is the column that meta sort of marks it off.
jese Smith-shields: This is not very accurate. So this is just anyone that clicks through the ad.
Kyle Musca: The lead is the conversion API. So anyone that actually finished and what we consider an actual engaged lead. So if you want to pull yours back up, but like 81%, man, like is  ridiculous. So that to me is saying that the lead quality of what we actually consider a qualified lead is really good at the moment. Your show-up rate is like the highest I've ever  seen anyone's. Which is another really good sign. But then like to have a 10% close rate, like it's a very, obviously just by looking at that, that is a huge Achilles heel right there. It's just, this, because, where's my arrow? Basically from like this, all the way to here is like what we look at marketing-wise. And obviously this portion here is just sales. So the marketing dials like a , the sales is a huge, huge leaking dial. Like the bottom doesn't even have a  bottom. That's how people leak is. So, yeah, I would just put all your eggs, everything else is working. would just put all your eggs into trying to find a good closer to fill that. And again, this is something like it's, when I say hiring a coach, hiring a coach is  easy. Hiring a sale, like closer is like the hardest hire you make. And I've been stunned by like some, like at least twice on two significant occasions where if you don't have a good closer in place, your whole business just tanks. Like they are the first face they see and they are literally the person at the gate allowing new clients coming in. If they're not performing, then like all your marketing doesn't mean anything. You know what mean?
jese Smith-shields: I've kind of noticed that over the last two weeks with how quiet our new clients have been, how our new onboarding's been.
Kyle Musca: Well, yeah, mean, like, if we're looking back here...
jese Smith-shields: I was averaging, like, something like 12 to 15 new clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, even back here, you know, at the end of October, were they in there at that time? Were you still taking closes?
jese Smith-shields: That would have been myself, I think. Yeah, nothing has changed. That's when I was going off weekly. So when I do closers, I can obviously dictate the terms a little bit more because I'm obviously copying it, in a sense. So a lot of those I was getting on weekly as well, but dictating the terms of how long the contract was.
Kyle Musca: I mean, this should be something that the closers should have intuition to do. It's a fine line here. Yeah, I would very much avoid telling the closers that they can do something like that, because then they, especially when you have someone like Maria, You know, or Lauren with such low close percentages, they can very much opt to start doing that and just trying to make the lowest ticket sale possible just to try and get that close rate up on paper. But yeah, like don't, I wouldn't, I would, then saying that it's like an issue with the girls not having money and everything like that, literally nothing has changed to this point. And if anything, all these metrics have gone up and you were closing at 55% with a cost per acquisition of $178 there compared to, is that, yeah, $841. Like that's increased massively. And the only difference is you're not taking the calls anymore, they are.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, there's nothing, anything else I really want to chat about. Like that is just the biggest, yeah, fire. It's like realistically the only fire in your business at the moment that thing is a  bonfire.
jese Smith-shields: Like that is, that needs to be resolved. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How many calls would you be able to take moving forward, do you think?
jese Smith-shields: I can take them.
Kyle Musca: I just don't necessarily love doing them. Yeah. I would, in the meantime, like, just to get, like, you've got heaps of leads coming through, and you've got a good offer with that news thing. So, a news challenge, and, like, everything's kind of, like, aligned right now. So, I would definitely try and jump in and take calls, and then, in the same time, like, trying to get, you know, closes in there to take on new calls. So, you can bring clients through yourself by taking them, but test them at the same time, if that makes sense.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Because, yeah, like, the difference in both cash-collected and retailing, reoccurring revenue, she hasn't done it. Like, your VA hasn't done it, which I would start getting her to do here. But the difference from what it would be like to this week, to compare it to if we had the numbers for that, would be, like, staggering. Like, you'd be disgusted looking at it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. I've noticed that, anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, that's pretty much all I would reach out. Pip's just replied to me now, actually. So, yeah, I would send her a message straight away. would try and get her on a call. She'll get you to fill out a sort of a coaching profile type thing of what it is. Gee it up a bit. know, say, potential earnings, 10, 15 grand a month. You know, full-time work, et cetera, et cetera. And I would try and get someone in there ASAP.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And try and get, yeah, Lauren and Maureen around there, to be honest, because they're just not performing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, that's sweet. Too easy.
Kyle Musca: Good news is if we can fix that and if you find a solid closer, one, your life will become a lot  easier because you can't step back a lot more. two, yeah, you just, because I had my life closer, Jake, man, he was  . Left him in there too long and then Tommy's come back and he's just like killed it. But, like, completely changes your entire business.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. And then, and then once you find, like, a good closer, they don't have to be, from the start as well, they don't have to be, like, closing, like, , you know, 50, 60, 70%. As long as you see the potential in them and then, you know, I would, like, get them, invest in training, whether it be with Tommy. Matt Ryder's course would be really good. It's only, like, 200 bucks or something like that a month. But it's, like, he's really, really good at sales and I would just say, like, it's mandatory. And obviously, if they're a good closer that wants to invest in themselves, they should power through it as much as possible. But even something like that is a cost-effective way of just getting them up to speed really quickly.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that's sweet. I'll put across to Pippa now, try and get that up and going. And then I'm able to just try and put them all into a pool and just try and get the best one out of all of them.
Kyle Musca: like that idea. Yeah. then just because it's such an urgent matter as well, man, I reckon you can make me like two or three graphics just saying like looking for, you know, an experienced closer, you know, same as like how we did for the coaching graphics and then maybe even a jot form for it or just an application form or something. Send me that. And I reckon we even get an add up or something like start looking for for some there because I think you'd probably find some decent amount in that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's right. I'll do that as well.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Is there anything else you want to...
jese Smith-shields: Discuss it all? No, everything feels like it's Rylan's smoothie set for this, I would say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't even really want to divert attention away to anything because, yeah, everything is working really  well. If you had that, even industry average of 40%, man, you'd be  killing it. This is the other thing I'd say is don't be afraid to pay a good closer more if you have to. Chat to me about this if that does come up. But, you know, yeah, yeah, I would definitely worth it. You know, the money, even if it's like 5% more, know, the money you remake on them just actually being able to make closes will  10x itself than just money going out the door because they  retarded.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, 100%. That's easy. I'll get on to that now then.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. All right, keep an update with how you go, but ideally, yeah, we want someone there ASAP.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. 100%. Too easy, appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: No worries, man.
jese Smith-shields: All right. Enjoy the rest of the day. Chat soon. You too.
Kyle Musca: See you, mate. Bye.


>>> 38/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-09T23:21:03Z | id:107539014
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey bro, how going?
Sage Damsma: Yo, good by yourself?
Kyle Musca: Good man, good. How's things?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, not bad. How's Canada?
Kyle Musca: All good? Yeah, good man. Good. body's tight as from snowboarding, but...
Sage Damsma: How'd you go? Not too bad on the slopes?
Kyle Musca: Not too bad. You know, at least a few days to get a feel for it again, but better than I thought. takes a fair bit of conditioning, it seems though. Yeah, not quite ready for that. Yeah, yeah. So back's  tight as, but... Well, we'll rip right in, man. How was this week on overall?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it's good, bro. It's picked back up. Last week was, I think, over 15 for the week. I'm still pending. I've got two piffs coming this week. One's 3.5. He's a re-sign. And then I've got a 3.4. Who was that? That girl won the $1,000 increase on the pricing coming tomorrow. Yeah, nice. But she signed the package. So it's fully signed on Nui. It's just like a matter of action goes through. But she said the money will be there. Blah, blah, blah. I haven't onboarded her until it goes through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. How do you feel? So first of all, was the package price the extra $1,000? Is there any additional service to it?
Sage Damsma: It's the, it's a part of the challenge. So she gets the extra month, like free. And then it's inclusive of like the challenge. I just was like kind of testing the waters and she was like. oh, yeah, sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like the 80-20 rule, man. 20% of your sort of calls, essentially your leads, should be willing to spend five times more than the other 80%, right? So it's like you want to kind of like have something to capture them with your one sales skills and like the confidence in the sale and then also your team being pretty full at the moment. Like obviously you could take on more clients, but you're also not desperate by any means. I think it's like a perfect time to start unrolling that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Usually, I mean, it's completely up to you. There's nothing stopping you from just  pulling the rug and being like, all right, we're just upping our prices by 1,000. You'd probably, you know, expect conversion ratios to go down a bit from that. But again, you'd have to work with less clients or, you know, evens out that way. What I'd really recommend doing here is like setting yourself, like increasing basically the service that comes with the package, like to justify the hype. Because then you have like your high-ticket offer, you pitch that, if they don't take it, then you've got your core offer that you're currently selling now, and there's a justification as to the price difference. If you just go, you know, it's $3,400, oh, that's too expensive, oh, we can just do, you know, $2,400, but nothing really changes between those two, then, you know, people are like, what the ? And it starts to feel like a little bit scammy from their side.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's like, wow. of people value on that top one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it doesn't have to be like crazy amount of more value. Things to do here is one, I like to sell the exclusivity of it. Like you might say like we only allow 10 people into this at a time. This is like a mastermind, right? So the exclusivity of the group. Then what I like to do on top of that as well is add like more into communication realistically. So for me, this is where the coaches will get on a second weekly strategy call. So let's say they have a check-in on Monday and then... And strategy call on, you know, Thursday or probably vice versa. It makes more sense because the strategy call for me maps out their entire week hour by hour. So this is great to use in conjunction with people that like, you know, are busy with more hectic work schedules because you can kind of be like, oh, this makes sense for you to have because we'll map it out hour by hour for you. So you didn't even have to think about it.
Sage Damsma: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, and then people that do that, they also like, they value exclusivity. Whereas if you just go to some like cheap , people who works at Coles and, you know, has never really made any decent money, he's not going to value exclusivity as much. Like he will internally, but it's not, he doesn't see the worth in it, if that makes sense.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: And then the other thing you could do, so you could add that as an addition. I think that's a great addition to have. The other thing you could do, man, is start putting together like presentations and stuff. And I think these are great for even like lead magnets. they double up as well as, you know, adding into your. Community just as like a pre-recorded video in general. So it actually does add quite a few different layers of value, but then you can have them. So let's say if they go to Kawhi, who's your head coach, that's another level of exclusivity is they work with Kawhi, who is your head coach. only works with those clients, but then they go through like an educational series, for example, right? every single week we talk, we go through a different, you know, educational topic, whether it be training, nutrition mindset, whatever the . But we talk about how it's one-on-ones. We talk about how that actually practically applies to your life and your lifestyle, your schedule, everything like that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, that's good. Yeah. Because then when you add those things in, it sounds like it is a lot more value, which it is.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. And it's already kind of done in a way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, and then you can, and then you can also like, you know, talk to Kawhi about like giving him, um, Thank you. Like a, you know, higher salary essentially for those, you know, if it's like, I don't know what you're paying now, but like, let's say it's $25 per check-in, could say it's like, okay, for these, we're going to do $35 because there's a second call involved or something. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sage Damsma: But I think having the extra, extra like a thousand or whatever on top, it doesn't really like, for that much anyways.
Kyle Musca: No, well, like if you're paying him, let's say an extra $20 per client for that, for the extra $1,000, you're only over 10 weeks, you're only paying him an extra $200 or $240 extra.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: So you're gaining an extra 75% profit margin and 25% of goes down.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, because you're charging so much money. Yeah, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, no, it's good.
Kyle Musca: Theoretically, you can also play around with guarantees. So it's like, you could say this one comes with guarantee. This one comes with a guarantee.
Sage Damsma: This one doesn't come with a guarantee.
Kyle Musca: You know, you just have to look at it like, what can I add?
Sage Damsma: What can I take away? Yeah, yeah. Sure. I feel like when you downsell, it makes it sound so much cheaper too.
Kyle Musca: Well, again, because it works on the same sort of psychological, you know, trait as like working towards someone for a solution, as well as like the Ikea effect, actually building it with them so it suits them, so they have more sentimental value attached with it, and it anchors them to a high price. So you anchor really high, then you do your high ticket, and then you do your core.
Sage Damsma: You've already anchored them twice to a much higher figure. Yeah, yeah. Sick.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that stuff?
Sage Damsma: No, it's pretty straightforward, bro. Good. Yeah, I think I, um, or you go. You're right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was going to say, I think definitely. Hopefully, like, unroll it just because your business is in prime spot for it.
Sage Damsma: So it just makes sense to bring it out now. Yeah, yeah. The post I did last night, I kind of tied it into, like, a giveaway as well. So everyone that's been tagged, I've just had the setup, like, messaged them as well just to get even more. And I've had a few calls booked from that.
Kyle Musca: I think today I've got, like, eight calls. Was that one of the ads?
Sage Damsma: The one I posted. was a short form. That was one I did myself. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that was one of the ads you gave me?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Because I was like, that looks  awesome.
Sage Damsma: Throwing the money around. Yeah, yeah. I was like, I feel like a sick  doing this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Was it real or was it, like, a prop?
Sage Damsma: No, no, it was cash. It was the cash I took to Bali.
Kyle Musca: I forgot I had it. was in my suitcase for, like, spending money.
Sage Damsma: And I was like, , I think I pulled out too much cash here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's cool.
Sage Damsma: Thank you. I love Just use that as a pro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that looks sick, man. For that stuff, like, if you want to use things for props, man, I remember, like, Vaughn had, like, the fat and the muscle sort of props and stuff. I think you got a , yeah, T-Move for all that , man. Like, you might even want to go on T-Move and just, like, get a few props for those types of videos. Yeah. On the money around, like, that caught my attention.
Sage Damsma: I was like,  yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: It was much money.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. So, total calls books so far are 16 for the week, which is good. That's nice and healthy. What's the sort of ratios looking like? Is a lot of that organic or a fair few from ads or?
Sage Damsma: Yeah. So, I'll get that up now. I've still been getting quite a few referrals come through, like, organic. Although the videos aren't performing really well, like, view-wise. They're definitely bringing in, like, good people. Why is this not  scrolling? One sec, I've got to make this window bigger. Alrighty. Yeah, so... Two, three, four, five... The good thing is... probably, like, 60, 40... Organic to ads.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, your organic's pumping at the moment.
Sage Damsma: I've got a lot of, like, the ones booked for today. Like I said, I've got, like, eight booked today. one... Referral... Referral... Resign... Yeah, there's still probably, like, yeah... Five of them are organic, and the the other three three are are ads.
Kyle Musca: Five Okay, nice. So your, I'll show my screen just so you know what's going on.
Sage Damsma: I've noticed a lot of people come through the ads yesterday and today as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this is the one that we launched the other week. That one started, like, that one started to find a winner now and come down, like, cross-belly, come down massively. So basically, with this structure, you know, we give it, like, $100 and then it will spread that budget across, like, all these different ads. So that's why when you come into something, like, when I first launched it, the cost per lead will be higher, as you can see there. But you can see it's only spent, like, $92, $200. That one's spent a bit more. But that ideally should come down as it sort of exits the learning phase. If it does get caught on one where it spends a little bit too much on one that... You know, isn't performing as well as it probably should. So, for example, like this one, this one I've turned off because it just wasn't pulling through. But this one, it has sort of found, so, you know, 44.50 for a lead, that's really good. That's what we want it to be sitting at. You'll see that it says something like 113. That's because it's also trying to account for, you know, testing all these other little ones just to see if there's any other wins in the mix there. Otherwise, what theoretically should happen is you'll get one like this one, for example, which has been running longer and been able to test more. And then you'll find a winner out of that. sitting at 40, even 51, 35 cost per lead, primarily these two. That's really, if I see a cost per lead around like that $40 mark, that's a really well-performing ad, like in terms of actually engagement. And even 50 is still considered quite good. I think over 60 is starting to get... Even 60 is okay. Anything above that's like getting a bit iffy, but I'll leave on until we get other stuff in there if nothing else is performing better. Yeah, yeah.
Sage Damsma: But very special. noticed yesterday and today pretty much like most of the day and then especially leading into the afternoon, they just keep on rolling through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So I'd say that's probably the new, I mean, I can even, let me have a look.
Sage Damsma: Every time I go for a walk, I'm like, yeah, if listen to a podcast and it's just like  thing coming after another, I'm like, obviously it's good, but it's non-stop.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so your cost per leads over the last day or so from those two campaigns of the 60s, so they're going to start to come down a fair bit from that alone. Yeah. we'll keep playing out. All right. Cool. I'm going get this. 15 grand connected in the last week. That's  awesome. So back on track with the 60k. We can continue with that. Yep. Have you done much with the $7, so the free seven-day thing at all?
Sage Damsma: No, no, I haven't, to be honest. Just kind of been back in routine filming organic , so I've almost filmed this whole week, a sweat of organic stuff drafted, and then I want to try to film, probably won't to get to it today, I'll try, but film the end of, I've got it scripted, the end of, challenge thing, like last week, 72 hours, 42, 48 hours, 24, I've got that all ready to go, just to actually film it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, yeah, beautiful. With that, man, whenever you're filming your organic CTAs, sorry, your organic videos, I think, start adding the $7 or seven-day, like whatever you want to call it, CTAs at the end of it, just because we can definitely double them up as ads. And then, what I was doing... ... ... As well, with your, like, with the challenge, basically whenever you're running an offer, I'm not sure if you do this already, do you do a CTA on it at all?
Sage Damsma: On my videos?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Oh, yeah, did you know that your account's, like, kind of shadowbanned?
Sage Damsma: Is it? , but I had a feeling about that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, you how it doesn't come up.
Sage Damsma: Look at SagePhoenix.
Kyle Musca: Why follow you, so it shouldn't come up?
Sage Damsma: Yeah. .
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: So. I got a, I got a warning for it, like, a week ago, so do I just kind of wait? Have you checked your account activity? Yeah, it was, um, I checked it two days ago, and it's got all those little tick things there, which is weird. As in, yeah. Like this, this thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it's got all. I four of the categories have ticks on them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. How's your views?
Sage Damsma: It's really weird. Well, yeah, I've noticed the views have been a bit average compared to usual.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, even half. Yeah. So very much, it looks like you're showing.
Sage Damsma: Probably like the last week. When I was in Bali too, I noticed it was kind of like average.
Kyle Musca: I think it happened when you sort of lost your account in Bali.
Sage Damsma: Hmm. Does it just kind of like come back eventually?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but it can take a while. would, um, I would look at how you can, because if it's, if it's shadow banned, actually do it right now. Go into like one of these videos, man, and go into your insights and look at the ratio if it's showing non-followers your video.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it's got views, followers, 33, non-followers, 66.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So it doesn't seem to be affecting actual engagement, which is good.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I did notice the likes have been  dog , though. Like, for me, usually, like, 100 likes is pretty normal. But I'm getting, like, 40, 50 likes, and that's it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's definitely suss behavior.
Sage Damsma: Like, this one's got 4K views with 50 likes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Not super ideal there. You're meta-verified. You could always try and reach out to the support team and, like, have a chat to see if there's anything they can do.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, I might do that today.
Kyle Musca: I can say, what's going on, your dogs? Yeah. They use you pretty quick to get in contact with if you do it through the meta-verified, which is good. So, yeah, basically, I would do something like this, man. Wait till you finish that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Not sure if you do it, but, like, every time you make a post and you've got an offer, man, I would do, like, basically something like this. So, you if we're going to do, you know, a seven-day sort of free custom program or something like that, basically you would do that, but it obviously referencing that.
Sage Damsma: Rewonning for the seven-day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, like, see how you're doing, like, this. And that. When you've got an offer, man. Yeah. So, I'm trying to make it really stand out more. Because that doesn't stand out that much. Just by adding some emojis and stuff like that. Like, it doesn't have to be anything crazy. But, like, you know, and ideally always having this in case it goes viral, but, like, let's I'll have something like that. Yeah, yeah. I mean, like, when you do the CTA, start it off with, like, some emojis and, like, actually do a line break just to make sure it really stands out to people.
Sage Damsma: Pops out, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Like, even there.
Kyle Musca: Same thing. If I'm not doing anything, I'll just do it like that. Or if I can't be far. Yeah. When you do watch the, you know, seven-day thing, I would, like, have it the same every single video. Like, have it stand out. Want a seven-day custom program built for free. DME  XYZ.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Okay, dude. And then kind of, like, just do the leads that are qualified. I'd get them on the spot. get them on the spot.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, so I reckon we run it through ManyChat just to start, just because that will save you the cost on, um... Oh, no, yes, this works  well, actually, because you're not paying your closer, uh, your setter off commission. So, yeah, I reckon we run it through ManyChat, um, just to test the waters, essentially. Like, there's no point in getting a full ClickFunnels subscription and then  building it out and doing all that stuff if we haven't seen if we're going to get the volume through it. So, this way it's just easier just to, I guess, get an indicator. Um, then, yeah, basically similar funnel to what we're doing right now, but it'll be a sell-wide chat because it's free. Like, here's the sign-up, whatever the . Um, and then, what I would also do, again, on that, we would have to tag them somehow, like, just get your setter to make a note or something like That when someone signs up, what day or what week, because essentially they'll want to go through on like Wednesday or Thursday and be like, book in your check-in call here.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, that way it's, that's actually a pretty personalized funnel. Like I'd be, if that works really well, I mean, we could test out running it through a website. I don't even think we'd probably need to though, to be honest. I think we could probably avoid the ClickFunnels and the landing page all together that way.
Sage Damsma: And then like have it through the mini chat, the similar thing, how you just kind of pre-call before you say like, yes, you get a spot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially. Yeah. And it would work really well that way because it would be like, the high ticket would be like, cool, here's your seven-day program. And then it would be like, geared towards making sure they get on the check-in call and like, you're only getting on with qualified calls. Whereas the low ticket would be able to filter the same thing, seven. Seven days free, but then maybe it's like, can you set it up so it's like seven days, the first seven days, like a trial period, and then they go on a weekly subscription after that?
Sage Damsma: I think you can on Nui, I'll have to play with it. And on Kahuna's, I'll just deactivate them after the seven or whatever if they don't continue.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so... I would do that. Because then if they don't sign up, it doesn't really  matter anyway.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But like, you can basically just say, you know, it's the first seven days is free, and then it's like, you know, maybe $19 a week or something, whatever you want to say after that point. But then just preface, like, if you don't think it's, you know, worth continuing on after the seven days, just let me know and I'll cancel it straight away for you.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. No lock-in or nothing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'll just make it known. That way it just weasels out people that were never going to continue on anyway.
Sage Damsma: It gets people through it.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then you got a low, like a sort of, is it passive?
Sage Damsma: The low-ticket one? Not like completely, but it takes me honestly like 10 minutes to set them up. If that, I just duplicate a plan and you can kind change your name on it.
Kyle Musca: That's about it. I would just show your VA how to do that, man, and just  get them pumping up.
Sage Damsma: Get them to do it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Because if you're getting like  10 a week, that's going to start to rack up a little bit, you know what mean?
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I would just create a bit of a training process on them. I'm like, here's a video, here's how you do it. If you have any questions, just let me know.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But otherwise, yeah, I think that would, one, be a pretty easy funnel to build and test. And then I think that may even work better than what we're doing now if we really pull through, because it's like you're still getting the same amount of qualified calls, if not more. But then you're also getting people through on a passive low-ticket. Option as well. And that would be a of time. Because if you get 100 people on that, man, that's , and they're paying like 19 bucks a week, that's  1900 a week, completely passive. You don't have to touch any. That would cover your ad spend.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then it's also like low enough that people forget about it.
Sage Damsma: So even if they don't use it, then they're just like, you know what mean? Yeah, they do. I've got a few people on, it's 39 a week and they  stay on for like 20 weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Have you, have I spoken to you about the affiliate program ?
Sage Damsma: Briefly, yeah. I've kind of written something up, but I haven't done any outreach. I haven't had any clients like, you know, leaving this week that I could pitch it to. Yeah. A lot of the guys coming close to the end, they've re-signed for six months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, so I mean, it's just something to kind of throw in there just to try and get like, if they're going to cancel, then it's like, you might as well just try I'm get something out of them. And so the way I've realized, I thought what you could do, because from everything I saw of it, essentially what I thought is like you could make one ad, they comment on that, then duplicate it, change videos, and it should be fine. It doesn't work like that, unfortunately. But what we can do, it's fine. What we can do is we can find a winning ad like we've already got realistically with yours. I can just send you the URL of the link, or you can even get it yourself. I'll just send it to you. And then you just send that to them, like, hey, man, can you drop a comment on this?
Sage Damsma: Because it's already the winning ad. So it's like if you just get a bunch of comments on that, even reinforcing it, should just improve it even better. And more, yeah, yeah. So. Yeah, no, that's good.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. 50% close rate, which is good. I also think that, like, weirdly enough, I'm seeing my cost per lead and quite a lot of people with cost per lead come down. That could be just, you know, dialing in this new ad structure.
Sage Damsma: structure.
Kyle Musca: And like doing it that way. I also think what's probably happening, man, is coming into this time period, a lot of coaches are getting into that mindset of like, oh, no one's going to buy. So I might as well just stop marketing. And it's like, that's a really good opportunity for us to get ahead because basically the way the ads run is they're on a, it's an auction, right? Whoever's willing to spend more to get a lead per client wins essentially. So it's like if a lot of people leave the market because they don't think people are going to buy anyway, then it's like cost per lead should come right down. That's actually worked in our favor quite a lot.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. Definitely happy to take everyone's clients if they're going to be lazy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. 100%. And for more?
Sage Damsma: I put something in there about losing a few sales this week, but one of the girls actually came back and signed up this morning.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Sick. I was just sad because she was a piff, but she ended up doing weekly because her car broke down, but she still signed and paid. Oh, okay. Well, it's long. Once save it, that's fine.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's a good sign of intent as well. So she should ideally see it through. Hungry for more. think if we execute well on that new funnel, I think that's probably what's going to get you from 60K months to over 100K months.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yes, sir. That's what we want.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. As long as we execute on it well, but it's a great offer. And then what I really like about it is you push that for two months and it works fine, works sweet. And then you could go back into direct marketing for a month or so, if that makes sense. So it's like you're also changing up the offer as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because realistically, what you could do is you could do challenge month one and then month two and three, that offer. And then by the time that runs out, challenge on the, like. Like it.
Sage Damsma: It you know what mean? You're running four challenges a year. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because challenges are always really strong offers.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. Just always have something there for someone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And like as long as we have already got it built out, then it's like just a matter of like literally just saying the new offer in the video. then it's like, all right, let's just turn this one back on.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: As I was saying to you the other day as well, I think like lead magnets and stuff, I definitely think get back into the swing of them. Cheat sheets and all that stuff are great. They're like small things you can give away with value. But I think what makes a lead magnet really good is like actually offering more than what anyone else is willing to do for free. So like, for example, the seven-day thing is a great lead magnet because no one else really offers that. Like I've never really seen anyone actually do that. Yeah. So like that, you're actually giving to them something that they can put. Properly use. So it's like the level of value of it is just massively increased. So even just try and think of like what are more things you could do similar to that, if that makes sense.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I was thinking of starting up the group calls again for next year. And when I do like good ones, because I was going to do some client highlights, because I've got quite a few clients that have  had a crazy journey in transformation. I'd like to open it to the public, like anyone can join.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was going to say that. So that's a webinar funnel. Russell Brunson's actually done this. This one would probably be a little bit more complicated, but what you can essentially do is from like Sunday through to Thursday, you mark it hard to get opt-ins for it. And then Thursday through to, you know, the five days post that, you either try to sell one to many on the call. Yeah. Yeah. And then there's a five-day email sequence that goes out after that.
Sage Damsma: And then, again, from Saturday through to Thursday again, it's another webinar. Like, you start marketing hard for that again. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Issue with that is, well, you can do the same. The best way to do that is if you are going to do that. And this is a little bit, well, you're going to do this for both. But the best way to do that is by running the same presentation every single week. Yeah, okay. But then you get really  good at doing that presentation.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's something we could look at. I don't think we get too murky in the waters. think we dial in this today thing before we look at adding that in. that could be a very good, like, next step.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I also think you've got a lot of social proof in terms of, like, client transmissions. But I don't see it very much on your page either, man. And so I think pump. Yeah, your stories, but definitely in reels and stuff as well. If you go have a look at Aaron's, that's something we've been speaking a lot together about. And his stories are just filled with crazy social proof now.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I think, and we spoke about how that RL Strength dude does his videos the other week, man. So I think he would just sit down and record something like that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Good thing is those videos, you could very easily double up as an ad.
Sage Damsma: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: So, two birds, one step.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, for sure. Yeah, yeah. I try to put some kind of social proof on my story every day, whether that just be like a message or a transformation. But I think I need to add it into my reels is what the problem is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I mean, the stories, like stories only target people that already follow you. And then, like, obviously not everyone sees.
Sage Damsma: Like, story views are usually pretty  . I'm not going to I'm not sure how yours are. Yeah, pretty average.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, the amount of followers you have and it only shows it to your followers and then it's like it's only a very small percentage of those followers. It's like, what the , mate? But yeah, I think Reels gets a lot more, one, reach, but also reach that's not already following you, if that makes sense. Yeah. So both are great, but I think to tap into new audiences, you know, obviously Reels and posts are going to come out far superior.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just questions, concerns, not at moment, just keep doing, maybe these ads perform well, upload graphics, or connect style videos, drive, edit more. Yeah. So Guy, for Go High Level, what are you struggling with there?
Sage Damsma: I haven't even opened it yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeildon. That's Thank I was just curious.
Sage Damsma: If we don't need it, then there's no rush to dive into it.
Kyle Musca: Not really. I do have a go high-level guy. I've got a go high-level chick and a go high-level guy. The guy seems a little bit easier to work with, to be honest. I set him up through Zapier, but apparently he knows how to do everything on go high-level. So I haven't actually properly used him for that, but he did set up automations and everything like that. So do you get much organic inquiry through, like, formal applications and stuff?
Sage Damsma: I probably had, like, close to 10 the last two days.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, I mean, for example, what I set up in go high-level is opportunities. So, like, when someone fills out that application form on JotForm, they just automatically come into this, so I can... Holy , that's taken out of just a little... The very most you'd need someone to do, so yeah, when they fill out that, they come into like this, for example, automatically. And then if you were to self-book, then they automatically come over to here, for example.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that's, I mean, cool to have. It's not essential. Just easy if you have a closer, for example, it's annoying for them to log into the form application thing. The very most you'd need is, one, just come into calendars, create a calendar and stuff, so your closers, your assery setters can start booking them in. Yeah. And then after that, all you'd need to do is get someone to set up an automation. So once they book the course. Call-in, then it goes into, like, you know, your call's being confirmed 24 hours out, day of type thing. But that's a very easy thing to do. That's pretty much all you need. Like, I wouldn't overcomplicate it, man.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And getting an Australian number in there as well. Yeah. Like, you just come to Settings, then you come down to Phone System. And then... Yeah, just go Add Number. think Australian numbers are pretty easy to do. Pretty sure US numbers are a little bit more of a pain in the .
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Do you just put your own, like, personal number?
Kyle Musca: No, it gives you an actual... Yeah, it gives you an actual number. stick.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Wow. You should only need an Australian one, though.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Most of them are... Pretty much everyone is Australian.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: So... of things.
Kyle Musca: You might want to play around with that, see if you can get through it on your own. It should be fairly simple for the most part. But if you do need someone, just let me know. If you do need someone, let me know. But honestly, man, I would just recommend sitting aside half an hour, an hour, just to come in here and play around with . And then what I did as well to help me learn it really quickly, or as quick as possible, is anytime I got stuck, I just screenshot it and chucked it into Chagipity and said, like, what the  do I do here? Yeah. But again, if you have any, if you get caught on it, let me know. Or if you need someone to set up something like that, automation, that's where you need someone probably easy to help you. Just let me know and I'll send you through the contact and he'll be able to set it up pretty quickly for you.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Hey, Dick.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that?
Sage Damsma: No, straightforward, bro. It's good.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. 15K a week. First, keep systems. systems. Keep Keep improving improving systems. Keep And Beautiful. No real challenges, lost two sales, but I know, oh yeah, one of those came back.
Sage Damsma: Yep.
Kyle Musca: That's getting me richer, beautiful, happy. I have one set task projects, I don't know, I want to feel like hyper-focus on getting one thing done. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. We've gotten to a good point now where we're not sort of chasing our sales, which is good. So yeah, absolutely, just sort of like focus on, what is that one big domino that's going to help move the needle forward? Let's just  knock that down. So right now, obviously, it's the challenge. Let's just execute really well on that, which we're doing. And then New Year's, we'll do a little bit, like the first two weeks, we'll try and, you know, obviously keep pushing the challenge. And then after that, we'll just roll straight into the big domino of trying that seven-day program thing out.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, hectic. Do you find when you're, like, in a different country or on the road, does your content, like, have different... Different reach, like different countries, or does it still go to your main audience?
Kyle Musca: It definitely can. So I'm pretty sure how Instagram, I know TikTok definitely works this way, is it will like pick up your location and will start showing people in that location first to see if it's good content. So what you can, I don't think this matters that much. What you can, could try if it really is affecting things is you could try and get a VPN. But I'm pretty sure Instagram still, like, knows your location, because like if you go into, you know, certain location things, it will like, it will show you where you are.
Sage Damsma: Sure, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I don't know if a VPN helps massively with that, but it can. Yeah. It can change it, depending on the location.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, only thing I'm thinking of is we're, I think we're going to bite the bullet and move to Dubai in March. So, I'm just.
Kyle Musca: So, like, that's the only thing I'm worried about is I don't want to, like, do this big move and it kind of  my organic or anything. No, I don't think it will in that regards. One, there's a lot of Westerners in Dubai anyway. But two, like, your account's being built in Australia, so it's got enough data to go off and everything like that. It should continue to show people in Australia.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I've never really, like, when I was in Dubai, didn't see my content tank at all.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay. Sick. , yeah. I'm keen to get over there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I'm hoping my, uh, I'm hoping my, uh, Stripe account stuff actually gets moved over by the end of this week. I'm sick of paying their taxes.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, so is your money flowing through Dubai now or is it not yet?
Kyle Musca: No, I've got to move everything over to the Dubai account, so, um, hopefully the team's doing that and should be done by the end of the week. I will, uh... will... So I'll probably do that. I'll shoot you through a new link because I'll set this because right now I'm running this stuff through Newey. I'm just going to run it through Stripe and I'll just run it through UAE Stripe. So I'll just shoot you through a new link if that's all good.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, of course. No worries. So with your usual subscribers and stuff, then do you have to kind of move everyone over or?
Kyle Musca: So thankfully, Macro has done this before and I'm fairly sure from everything they've told me, unless they come out of the blue and just  dog me, is that they can transfer everything over. A bit more of a pain in the . You could have a chat, maybe speak to them and stuff. If you've got a big enough business where there's enough transactions going through, from what I read, they can do it. But unfortunately, for the most part, you might have to try and re-sign people.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. But because I'm through NUI, like everything is NUI. Yeah. So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so they can't, because Brie asked them about it and they couldn't do it. So she's had to re-sign everyone.
Sage Damsma: That's a .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's real  annoying. So what you might do.
Sage Damsma: definitely be like, oh, no, I'm okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she's had a little bit of drop-off from it. It's to be expected when you do something like that. But so what I would kind of do there is like, one, as soon as you can, like put all new sales through that new account, like, and just continue on from, you know, moving forward. And then I'll probably go through like, this is a good way when you have your coaches filling out the check-in forms and like check-in sheets and stuff like that and go through like your best clients first and like get the main ones over. And then like,  clients and stuff, if you just have to leave them on that account until they expire, then it's like, that's probably what you'll have to do, but.
Sage Damsma: So be it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But ideally just getting as much as possible over to the new account, re-signing in that way. The way I would do it, because I was thinking like if I had to do it, how am I going to do it? I would probably just say there's like a certain thing that's come up. Like I wouldn't say I'm moving over to a new account and you have to do this. I would kind of say like, oh, I would give it an offer essentially. So I'd say like, oh, hey, you know, your account for some reason like closed down, just need you to re-sign here. For example, that's a possibility. Or, you know, you could say like in light of Christmas, I'm giving this week free, just need you to re-sign here.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Unfortunately, it won't be done by then. But just I would try and think of like an offer, an actual reason. It's not like I'm just moving everything over. It's just like, hey, can you re-sign here?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, especially for like the concept pay, but they don't do much. It's
Kyle Musca: like, well, yeah, you want them to stay around for a bit longer, you know, keep paying. Yeah, yeah, so that might be something you just kind of like, yeah, it'll be a thing we have to sort in the moment and see what we can do about it, like leading up to it, but bridge when it comes.
Sage Damsma: That's no stress. Worst case, I'm just going to change the strife if it's easier, long term.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, Nui's good, they're not very good for like, once you have a team and everything like that, they're just not very user-friendly, it's, it's, they're very much built for like, you know, the ditzy little coach that has no  clue really how to run a business and they're just like, oh, here's a payment line, like, yeah, and share this , it's just like a bit trendy, you know? Yeah, it's definitely trendy. Where referrals are treated to them, bit different, that's where it went wrong, oh, yeah. Ads are picking up, good, just dedicated more time to filming and posting. Realistically, Like that's where you should be focused most. That's the biggest sort of, like if you had to break your day down into like what is the most important tasks I need to do, it's like filming content. You usually should always be at the top of that list. Not every single day, you're not going to be filming content every single day, but if you had to break down like what are the most important tasks, filming content as the business leader should be like a huge priority.
Sage Damsma: That and sales calls, pretty much everything else in your team for the most part should be delegated. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then with Marina and stuff on that topic, man, yeah, I would definitely steer real clear. was talking to Jessie about that before and her close rates are 25% or something.
Sage Damsma: It's just  horrendous. Yeah. Yeah. So. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: I'm only, I'm only giving her two calls today because there were double ups in the times I've got booked.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. Yeah. So. I think just finished this year strong. And then, especially if we can test this new funnel and you. Getting the volume through, then I reckon that's where we pull the trigger on a closer and just give them excess calls. But if you're not getting excess calls to the point where you just physically can't take them anymore, I don't think it's worth bringing a closer on. Because right now, everything with Jesse's stuff is  running so well, but because the closer's a , that's just a huge bottleneck.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay. Is he going to get on the calls himself or what?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he's going to jump back on, and I've got a closer trainer I sent to him, and he's going to try and touch base with them and hopefully source some new closes ASAP.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, he's not a fan of doing calls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I know. But again, it's one of those things. I mean, it's not super fantastic to do, but it makes you a lot of money, so...
Sage Damsma: Makes sense.
Kyle Musca: That's of people willing to do for the pay check.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sigma. But... Yeah, other than that, bro, biggest thing is we just continue executing on this challenge, try and get them retargeting ads ASAP. Realistically, we're entering into the last week, so we kind of want them up pretty soon.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I'll just do an edit myself anyway, so it'll be more, like you said, organic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man.
Sage Damsma: turnaround time will be quick.
Kyle Musca: What I think I was going to do, to be honest, is for the new year stuff, I was just going to go back through my videos and tell everyone to remove the entries closed December 20th. So you might be able to do the same, and that just saves you having to refilm all new ones.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay. Yeah. And then insert, like, a different clip, or just remove it completely?
Kyle Musca: Just remove it, and then if you say, like, we start Jan 12th, then happy days.
Sage Damsma: Keep that. Yeah. All right, cool.
Kyle Musca: Sick, bro. Is there anything else you want to cover at all?
Sage Damsma: No. Nah, bro, all good. Just got to keep ticking along.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, man. Cool, bro. All right, well, we've got a good game plan in action for the next couple of months, so yeah, now just about executing on it.
Sage Damsma: Yes, sir. How long are in Canada for?
Kyle Musca: Probably until the 9th of Jan, and then we'll maybe stay longer, but probably head off after that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, too easy, man. Sick, man. No worries.
Kyle Musca: All right, bro. If you need anything from me, sing out. I'll have a look through when the invoices and stuff is on Newey, and I'll just, like, create a new link and send that through to you.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no stress. We'll get it done whenever you get to it.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Sage Damsma: Awesome, man.
Kyle Musca: All right. Thanks for that. Chat to you, bro. I'll speak to Bye. See ya.


>>> 39/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-10T01:00:01Z | id:107551471
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Let's do it, but we'll get there.
josiah narkowicz: Are you any good at snowboarding or are you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm decent. I'm not fully retarded.
josiah narkowicz: Cool, man. Have you ever been? Absolutely. Yeah, I've been a fair few times, like in Switzerland, New Zealand, even down back home in Tasmania. Yeah, that's where we've got a few slopes down there. So, yeah, love my board sports, but I want to go to Japan. Japan's probably next on the list, bro, to go snowboarding there, but yeah, I've got so many mates over there, or in Canada at the moment, so, yeah. You're on the ski for like a good three months, aren't you, over there?
Kyle Musca: Well, got till Jan 9th over here, and then we'll see how we go, might extend it, probably, maybe look at going to Thailand after, so I might go to Japan or something for the end of the season, but I don't know, we'll play it by, yeah. Cool, man. All right, we'll rip right into things, man. How has this week gone overall?
josiah narkowicz: I probably would only rate it at like half capacity. Didn't post as much as I'd like. No new clients. But, I don't know. I was just taking a bit of a lax week, to be honest. But, yeah, not great, if I'm being honest, mate.
Kyle Musca: What was, was there a reason for, like, the sort of lower posting at all, or?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it's just the social calendar. Like, I did a full day at the cricket. Um, so that was just, like, a full day of drinking, basically. And, and then it led into the weekend, went out on the weekend, had a bit of a , like, start Monday, Tuesday. So, yeah, and then yesterday on Monday, I did a full day with the family. So, just, like, two or three of those days, just fully just doing nothing, just being social. And that's really the day. These that I'm, like, needing to post and doing all my content and editing. So I just need to prioritise it better, as I said in the check-in, like, yeah. And just heaps of  going on behind the scenes too, bro, like, custody battles and baby mum are giving me grief. So there's a little bit of fun and games happening in the background as well. Yeah, so we're still getting it done regardless. And I had lots of enquiries, like I had, that being said, you know, since December, I've had nine enquiries now inbound just through my Typeform link. So that's the most I've ever had in, like, a 10-day win span. And, you know, people seem to be wanting to come up all through Instagram as well.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Yeah. So with that, man, like if you've got stuff coming up and you know you're going to be getting a lot of piss and everything like that, it's like super critical just to have it like edited and ready to go beforehand. So you can just like, you know, whip your phone out and  press two buttons and it goes up.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because like as the old saying goes, man, like what you do in this 30 days will affect the next 90 days. Like I would say a very good portion of like why those inquiries have come in is because you were so consistent, were doing so well with the content for that period of time that, you know, it's sort of taken a bit of the brunt of it for not being super consistent this week. But if that continues on, then like the opposite will occur, you know what mean? And we'll be back at square one. A lot of this is like momentum building, man. It's like it's a lot harder to get the wheel and the machine moving than it is just to keep it moving, if that makes sense. So, yeah. And then I remember the week before that we were a little bit lower in terms of posting probably every two days. So really. Don't want to like let it get, you know, consistently unravel if that makes sense. The other thing that I've really noticed as well, man, is that, you know, you're thinking coming into this time of year, things slow down. If anything, I've kind of noticed the opposite effect. I got a sneeze, but it's not coming out.
josiah narkowicz: Kind of.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I thought I did, but it  sucked back in, cool. I've noticed the opposite effect, man. Like, I think what tends to happen is like most people, you know, get into the mindset of, oh, this is going to be like a  period of the year. No one's going to be wanting to sign up and then they pull back heavily on everything. So it's like, yeah, if you can just be one of the guys that remains consistent, continues pushing, man, like your competition's not even  competing. You know what mean? Like this is the, these are the periods where it's like you can, you know, literally just outwork the competition just by working. You know, and if people are in the mindset to, you know, get started on something. Thank you. we're caught Like, in your posting content, you're going to be the only person I've seen because everyone else is  thrown in the towel.
josiah narkowicz: Absolutely. I'm doing a big push. Obviously, I'm taking two weeks off face-to-face. So that's an extra two days there that I can be, you know, getting  done. So that'll be a blessing and really set 2026 up nicely. But yeah, totally keep the foot on the throttle. But yeah, coming into the new year, I've already had a whole page of names and numbers and the sign-up sheet at the gym for the giveaway. So that's not even like asking for any leads yet. That's just people like seeing it and writing their name down. And then on the online form as well, I've had about 10, 15. So it was like, it was probably like 30, 40 names. So, yeah. So, I'm just at a cafe today. It's a little bit more distracting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, there's plenty of potential there, And it's really just about, like, executing in those moments, you know what mean? Because, like, we've got the loot flows there, you know what mean? So, if we can, like, convert – if you've got 40, even if you can convert a quarter of those, you know what mean? Like, you're well on your way to being able to step away from the gym floor completely. So, yeah, again, like, if we can convert, again, even just a quarter, which is very conservative, you're going to set yourself up very, very well to walk into the new year. Now, I mean, in terms of cash collected, because you've got a 5K paid in full, so that's  awesome. And then it says one of five so far from the sales calls.
josiah narkowicz: What do you reckon sort of – Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: So this week, I've got five or six, Cole, six now, Cole's booked. Had one this morning. She's pretty much a done deal. She just needs to have a chat to her partner to see if he wants to do the couples coaching. So with the couples coaching, I say, oh, hey, why don't you get your husband or your wife on board? I'll just wipe half their coaching fee and no upfront thing. Cause then they're doing the calls together anyway. And, um, it's no extra skin off my back, you know? So she seems pretty keen. And then I've got another, what is that? Four or five calls after that tomorrow. And I'd say that three of those are like hot, but that was literally just from an hour of lead gen that I did yesterday. I was like,  it. Might as well pick the phone up. And then I booked like five calls. I went three from three, my first three dials. So I can turn it on when I need to, but like, even if I did like an hour a day of booking calls, I'd have constantly 10 calls booked in my calendar, just, you know, closing at least three of them. Like that would be a bit more of a steady pace, but I've just been slack with Legion the past week or so, I guess. I think I'm getting that girl, what's her name, like Charles set me up with this setter. So she's starting tomorrow. I've got a call with them tonight, like getting her onboarded and everything. So, you know, I'll have her in the DMs for me booking calls, which would be nice. It's same setter that's working for Jessica. Do you know Jessica? Jessica. Um, she's from the Goldie. She's got an Italian last name or some .
Kyle Musca: Oh, DiBattoli.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So it's the same setter that's working for her. So, you know, she did a bit of an interview with her and it seemed like she knew what she was on about. And because, bro, I just, honestly, I'm just terrible with the DMs. Just terrible. Like I'm good with the, good with the inbounds, but all of the other . I just, I don't get overwhelmed. It's just like annoys the  out of me.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Yeah. I mean, as long as she's in there doing a good job and not  off your audience, then it should well and truly have a return on it. Um, so it's definitely worth a test. Um, and then when, when you say you picked up the phone and just made calls, like where were they, where did those leads actually come from?
josiah narkowicz: bark one, um, a few of the type form response. Um, Um, none from the gym. I haven't, I haven't hit the snap fitness list in like a month. So there's probably like 50 names there that I can be calling. That would be, you know, I'd probably book 10 calls from that. Um, and then one flare as well. I've been having a few inquiries. So whoever's like hot inbound, um, you know, in the pipeline there.
Kyle Musca: So yeah.
josiah narkowicz: You know, bark's been pretty solid.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Well, man, from the sounds of it, like you've got a lot of different avenues bringing you a good quantity of leads. They all seem pretty good quality. Like if you can just sort of execute and I guess time manage it. So you are picking up the phone and you're making those calls when you should be making them because every single day, even every single hour that you sort of like lead it, like let it just sit there is like, you know. Decreasing the conversion ratio.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So I'm fully aware of that. And I don't know why, but I was like, the other day I had a full afternoon. I just finished my Christmas lunch with the family. And then like, you know, I had a full afternoon. I was like, okay, I'm going to make some calls. Drove past the golf course and just did an 18. And I was like, oh, you know, just. Just silly, really. So I've got the time. I just need to prioritize it and get it done. But it's about this time that I get a little bit complacent and just a bit like, oh, yeah, no one's left in a month. I've been steadily putting on clients. Like I almost did 30 grand just this month. You know, so I can just chill for like maybe a week or two. But then I think, okay, well,  that because I know the pendulum. I'm just I'm to swing the other way, you know, at some point. So I'd like to create a buffer. And I think if I hit that 50, that 50 client, that would be about a 10-client buffer of just pure, like, $1,500, $2,000 a week, just profit, where we're usually, like, in a nice position. So that's the goal for the end of December, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, there's a lot to take into consideration there. like, one is, you know, even, like, 50 online or 50 clients total, 10-client buffer. But, like, the ultimate goal is to shift you fully online. You know what I mean? So it's, like, you don't want to take the pedal off that at all. We want to just keep pushing that to the point where it's just, like, cool, I can go fully online. And then that's going to save you a ton of time in the in-person  anyway. And then you also don't have to pay gym rent on top of that as well. So that's a consideration. Yeah. Um, as well as do the early morning wake-ups and stuff. That's a pain in the . Um, but I, I find like, and I've been guilty of this before as well, man, is things can, you know, start going quite well. And then, yeah, you do take your foot off the pedal and you start to relax a little bit. And then before you know it, man, you're deep in the  again. And you're like  stressing about where you're going to get your next client. You're going to, you know, it's, again, it's so much easier if the wheels already turning, man, it's so much easier just to keep, you know, actively, I guess, spike, smoking, whatever the , the fire, and just keep it burning, essentially. You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. There's been so many clutch times through the year. Yeah. Where I was literally relying on like a paid in full to get me through that week. And it happened every time, luckily. But you don't want to be in that position where it's just like, you know, you could, you could be making 20 grand a month, but still  broke as, you know. So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Plus two, didn't It gives us the opportunity to go do other things as well because if you can get a good, like, sort of reoccurring, you can get a good online client base and you can, you know, make sure you're consistently posting that content, then it's like, all right, we've got merit to now step into ads. And you can see that by, like, if you've had 10 inquiries in the last 10 days, man, it means that the content you are posting is resonating well with your audience. It's getting that education. It's getting that value across the point that they're trusting enough into you to actually inquire about coaching, which is a really good insight to say, all right, there's merit here to run ads, but there's no point in doing that if we can't remain consistent with it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, because then you're getting the people in from the ads that are being nurtured by that content.
Kyle Musca: And you're just stepping into a colder audience. So it's like things have to be dialed and you have to execute a lot better than you do. Like, you can kind of be sloppy and you can kind of be tidy with the warmer leads. Once you step into that cold audience, like, one, your money's on the line, you're spending... Money for these leads. And two, you have to just be a lot more precise with how you go about it from the start to the close.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. And, you know, I've posted a lot more than I would usually do, like, since coming on with you. But I know if I really am being honest with myself, like, I've been half-assing it, you know. So I should be at least doing the one post a day.
Kyle Musca: At least.
josiah narkowicz: At least. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's just one of the non-negotiables I would say there. I mean, I think a big thing with that is just, like, knowing that there's a certain time every single day you should post. You for me, it's, like, 7.15 a.m. I'm  posting. When I came over here, there was a bit of an adjustment period, but now I know it's, like, 1.15 p.m. in the afternoon. I need to get a post up. I mean, like, it's kind of like going to the gym, you If you go to the gym every single day, same time every single day, you don't have to think about it. It's just like, this is the time I need to do this. So I'll definitely get into that sort of routine. And again, the other thing is we could, there's good insight to say that we could start working towards ads here, but you've got so many lead potential organically that it's like, there's no point in even getting the ads. Because if you've got like, say, 50 organic leads that you could reach out and contact, it's like, those are your bread and butter. Those are the ones you're going to, you have no real cost to acquire those clients because it's just manual work. If you convert them, your profit margin is a lot higher and they're a lot more likely to convert anyway. So it's like ads are a much lazier and easier way to go about it, but they're also much harder in the same sense.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it's like your time and effort versus how much money you want to spend, right? So if you've got someone in the DMs. Hustling, responding to all the inquiries and, you know, especially in particular from ads, you know, that'll be where the majority of their effort will be going. That would be a great, great method. And if I'm still running one flare bark, leads from the gym, converting them to online, plus the inbounds through the type form, like all the organic stuff I can handle. And then she can handle all the ads, but yeah, we'll obviously look at that in the new year because I want to, I want to , I want 50 grand months, bro. Like I want to, you know, I want to add this  up, compound it in the early starts of the year. So it just seems a bit like organic. It might not get me there, but who knows? Once I'm really dialed in with the posting and a few reels start really blowing off. Thank Thank Like even that one, that reaction one is still blowing up. Like every two seconds, someone's liking it and it's pretty much at 200K views now. So I've just been getting so many followers from that. So you start getting like a few reels blowing up like that, everyone following you.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Yeah. And even that comes down into the consistent, like why it's so important to be consistent. Because if you get someone, one that does blow up like that, people are going to start, you know, one, you want them to come onto your account and start binge-watching all your content. So you need as much content for them to binge-watch relevant new content. But also Instagram is going to start retargeting your content to them. So it's like you, they're a hot new follower. You want to be right on the front foot of, you know, nurturing them with your, you know, value-driven content. You know what mean? So even though... Plus, just posting more gives you more opportunity to go viral. That one clearly worked. If you get another one in there, again, you only need two or three of those, and the algorithm really starts to rip for you, man. And you've got a massive following, and you don't even need to. I mean, what you said before is it's hard to get to 50, 60K organically. Yes, I mean, you can definitely do it, especially the larger your following is, the easier it is to do. But at the same time, your profit margins are much, much better. So it's like, it'd be better for you to do, you know, 40K a month all organically. And, you know, you've generated all the leads yourself, and you just make 40K a month versus, you know,  running ads, and you're making 60 grand a month. But after all your expenses and everything like that, you're sitting at like 30K a month profit or less. You know what mean? Some people can do 60K a month and  revenue 60K a month, but their expenses are 60K a month, and they're  broken even, you know what I mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So like, yeah, organic should always be your bread and butter. And like, ideally, like, I guess worst case scenario, you want to look at it like, can I get organic to cover ad spend and therefore ad spend is just profit. Sorry, anything that comes in from the ads is just profit.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah, yeah, totally. And you're just injecting the front-end cash from the upfronts to funnel into the ad spend, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, again, like everything's sort of clicking at the moment for us. We just need to kind of execute on what we've got there. And then we can build on it. Like once we've got that strong foundation, we're doing our non-negotiables and the process from front to back is refined. And it's like, cool, let's just add ads in to add to what we're doing, not to take over what we're doing. Okay.
josiah narkowicz: We've got a good little timeline because the gym, obviously, is getting knocked down. Did I tell you that? So where I'm at currently, Snap, it's getting demolished. Like the whole of Palm Beach is being demolished currently. And there's just sky rises going everywhere. So within six months, it's crazy because six months is when they're actually demolishing the building. And I'll either have to go fully online, which worked out perfectly with our goal. So surely that's the universe being like, hey, it's time to , you know, go online. But then half of me is like, hey, let's go to another anytime fitness or something down the road and establish, get established there. But honestly, I'm like. that. I'm just going to go all in online for six months, and then I don't even give a  if my profit margins might take a little hit, but we'll see. I guess at least half of my clients would be keen to continue online, but we'll come to that when it comes to it, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, yeah, you'll get a decent chunk of it converted into online, but again, like, you, I don't think it'll take six, if we do things right, it won't take us six months at all to get you fully online, because again, like, right now, you have the lead pool necessary, that if you convert, if you converted 50% of them, you'd be online, fully online. You could step away from being in person. So, it's like, that could happen within a month or two, really, if we really  just went ham and went for it. Yeah. So, have you taken five calls and only... But there's one or you've just had five booked in so far?
josiah narkowicz: Booked five and I've only taken one and she's pretty much keen as. I've got one tomorrow. It's a young lad. He's only 18, but he said, his mum and him both said that whatever the program is, we're happy to purchase it. So that's a done deal. So, yeah, there was three leads like that that were pretty certain. So even though really hardly any lead gen at all, potentially three closes, maybe four. The fifth one's a bit shaky, but, you know.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I would definitely say that's come down the last few weeks of posting that content and everything. Yeah. So, but, yeah, okay, so that's really good. That's really promising. And then no churn, obviously. So it means just the service and increasing that has improved massively.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, the check-ins, I just feel a lot more on top of everyone. Like I know I've got this red light traffic system that I filter every week. So I've got like green, red, yellow. The clients that are in the red column, they might have missed a check-in. They might have, you know, been struggling that week, whatever. I'm going to like turn it up a few notches with them to just give them that extra reassurance, extra support, messaging on the weekends. Hey, have you done your meal prep, blah, blah, blah. Everyone in the green column just gets the normal cadence. So that's how I'm plus through the check-ins. It's like just that traffic light system plus the check-ins has, you know, meant that the service has been able to flourish and people feel, you know, obscene. mean, you I wouldn't it... stuff. can see how many times people are logging into their app and the nutrition adherence. It's gone up noticeably the past, you know, few weeks. So, yeah, and plus me, I know where everyone's at. Like, name a client. I know what they're doing that week, what their goals are, like where they're at with things. Whereas before, I was a bit like getting on a call with them and being like, oh, but now I'm straight on the call. Hey, I noticed this, I noticed that, blah, blah, blah. This is where we're going to focus our energy this week. So it's a lot more just  onto it. So that feels a lot, that feels a lot better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful.
josiah narkowicz: And got, sorry, man, I've got, I've got like five or six people actually ready to sign up in the new year. So I've got like four or five people on hold at the moment. But. their payments. And in January, they're going to come back. So already that'll be an extra like 800 bucks a week recurring just from, from that, which will be nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Beautiful. So, mean, again, there's heaps and heaps of potential here, man. Have you, have you, with the extra service that you've been giving them and have you asked them for referrals?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So in, in the, um, check-in, it obviously says like, Hey, if you have anyone who would be keen to join up this week, um, they get 20% off their coaching fee, you know, upfront, um, and you get an extra two weeks of free coaching, put your name and number down and you can obviously, you know, get the referral bonus. And then in the app, I mean, the actual trainer is app, they've got constantly, every time they log. Again, at the top, they'll see, what is it? Yeah, it'll see a little referral link that says, refer now to win. And it says, if you drop your friend's name and number, you get two weeks of free coaching. And then I'm about to launch my internal challenge. So initially I did have it for February, but I'm going to run it January instead. And same . Like if you name, what, five people, they get access to the hamper, the giveaway, the challenge, and then I get a heavy discount. You get heavy rewards as well. You know, like $300, $400 or whatever it is, if they sign up. So that's kind of how my referral. how my referral. So Mechanism at the moment. And, yeah, noticeably I've had people talking about friends they want to join up or, you know, people just from the form. So, yeah, that seems to be working out well for me. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome. Okay. Beautiful.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. So, cut in some postings down. We've spoken about that. Yeah. So, I think the biggest thing, like, everything's clicking in. I just think the biggest thing is get back to posting at least once a day and really finish the year. Just make it, just build it as a habit. Like, it should just be third nature or sixth, third nature to whatever, second nature to whatever the . News hamper.
josiah narkowicz: It's the energy. If I'm posting every day, all of a sudden I'm in an abundance mindset and I feel like social media is just such a reflection of how you are internally with your mental. If I'm feeling off or stressed or whatever the , I'm experiencing that resistance to the posting as well because I feel like a lot more susceptible to what's going on. And yeah, like there was a few moments last week, this week that really threw me off and I was just like, God,  me. Like, so no wonder obviously my posting cadence dropped off a little bit, but I'm hearing you having at least five reels drafted up, ready to  go. Like that will, that will make a huge difference and rather than trying to chase the tail, just feel a lot, you know, in a proactive mindset rather than reactive. So I feel like. Like, that's key, you know, particularly this time of year when things get a little bit busier and, you know, the social calendar's filling up, lots of golf booked, so, you I mean, I wouldn't recommend this usually, man, but if you're going to go play the 18 holes and stuff, do you usually do it on your own or are usually with someone? Oh, it's like, you know, I get invited to these corporate days and I go with a bunch of the lads and, you know, like a lot of my clients are like, they're  weapons. So, and one client, he's got a membership up at the Grand and that's like a hundred grand a year just for the golf membership of this course. People flying in on their choppers and  to play and he invites me out once a month or so. Great connections, but yeah, you're out there the whole day. You're  got a little Baghdada Sonia with a few drinks as well. So, yeah, it can. Blow out a little bit, but just got to plan around it, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, if there's times when you go on your own and stuff, man, like  just have the laptop up and just like power through calls as you're driving from a whole hole and .
josiah narkowicz: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like if you can, easier said than done, but like, if you're going to go do it, like, at least it's kind of the less story for people, you know what I mean?
josiah narkowicz: But again, then also the client calls. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But even having it, like treating it as a, you know, I guess a priority. Like I know I've got, you know, golf coming up tomorrow. I need to do this before then. Like add a bit of urgency to topics. Yeah. I mean, if you're going to go do it, that's fine, but get something done before it.
josiah narkowicz: Hmm. Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
josiah narkowicz: Need a targeted question. It just simply needs to be done and to speak. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, it's like, you know, telling your client that he needs to go to the gym, you know, five days a week or whatever the , like, it's going be days where you don't feel like it, it's going to be days where you have  on, but it's like, we just need to, like, plan ahead and not try and, like, sort it out last minute, especially when you don't feel like it, you know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Need to target a person-use challenge. I've got a news hamper, cetera. I think I just have a prize for the challenge. So, basically, just a simple play that works well there, man. It's just a magic hat. know, anyone that signs up, like, hey, man, you know, or woman or whoever the  it is, you know, just giving you a quick call, you know, you won second. Everyone wins second place. Second place is a $500 coaching voucher that they can start towards coaching. Um, so it's pretty simple in that regard. In terms of, like, um... ... ... ... I think, I just have, can I run a different strategy online? I mean, you could do something like similar, like I'm going to be running a news challenge, you know, apply, again, you'd refine this, but you could do something like apply here on a form type of thing to go on the chance to win the access to the challenge absolutely free. You know what mean? And then everyone that applies wins second place. Hey, man, I just want to give you a quick call. You know,  Expo said, randomly chose a winner. You actually won second prize, which is $5 coaching you actually put straight towards this challenge.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I like your idea of obviously having the hamper just as the new year giveaway thing. And there's a specific kind of nurturing process for that via bulk blasting, bulk blast techs. So every lead that signs up, I'll keep them nurtured and obviously relieved. At the winner in January. But also I think that like, yes, there'll be a winner of that. But everyone who entered also gets like a free access to my challenge or my New Year's January challenge. So how would you structure that? You mentioned like what, a $500 voucher or something, a $300 voucher as a part of the challenge sign-on? Or how does it work?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, so it's called a magic hat trick. So essentially it's like, hey, James, how going? You know, it's Josiah, man, just giving you a quick call. Mate, you know, super stoked to announce. I did a random draw with the hamper or if do it online and just say it's, you know, free access to the challenge. And you actually won second place, man, which is basically just a $500 coaching voucher. You can put straight towards this challenge, for example. If you're going to do that, mate, let me know if you're keen to click on that, and I'll run you through the next steps. Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm definitely keen to have a look at it, X, Y, Z, whatever they say. Like, fantastic. Ideally, I mean, you might want to pre-qualify them a little bit in the job form, and something like that, which is simply by saying, like, what's your occupation, right? So obviously don't want be calling someone a  uni student with this. But essentially, as long as they're qualified, then you just go straight and do, like, awesome. Well, like, couldn't do it right now, but how about we line up a bit at a time just to have a chat about, you what your goals are, everything, what's included in the challenge, X, Y, Z. And then you basically, so you're just doing a triage call, which is a setting call, and then you book them in on closing call. And you do closing call as normal, and then you're like, cool. So usually the challenge would come out to be 2,500, but with this coaching voucher applied, man, you save 500 on that, brings it right down as 2K.
josiah narkowicz: Thanks, Tom. I like that, because then you use. Using the giveaway hamper as like an in for the New Year's challenge in January. And plus they're getting incentivized instead of two and a half K, they're getting it for two K, basically. And you've already got them interested. They've already expressed the interest.
Kyle Musca: And they feel like they've won something, you know what mean? So that's why it's important to say you've won second place. Like everyone wins second place. So they feel like they've actually won something. And I've tried a different way by saying like I've ran into like three people. That didn't work anymore as well.
josiah narkowicz: Like the first, the last 20 people, like we're giving it to the top 20 people. That doesn't hold as much weight, does it? Like, but if it's, mate, you actually won second place. Like I'm running a New Year's challenge, you know, I've got, you want to. $500 voucher to go towards your coaching. If you're interested, let's jump on a call tomorrow or the next day. And would that be something you're open to?
Kyle Musca: Oh,  yeah, $500.
josiah narkowicz: I want $500. Like, I've already been thinking about joining the program. I've been following this guy's content like he seems legit. You know, rather than just being like, hey, , join my challenge. You've won $500. There was that whole, like, pre-nurturing process with the hamper and getting them kind of  for it that whole time. So, yeah, I feel like that helps a lot in terms of the flow and how we're going to do it. I feel like that would be a great strategy.
Kyle Musca: Have you announced it on your, like, Instagram and stuff that you're running this challenge?
josiah narkowicz: I've just been running it face-to-face. That's the other thing I wanted to chat about. Having it. Geared towards, like, online. So, obviously, I could just run the challenge online and say, you know, the online version of it and have the hamper giveaway attached to it online as well. Just have the QR code, the sign-up form, people putting, expressing interest for the challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, essentially, I would just do a challenge launch. And then I would just have, like, a jot form or some kind of form. And it's basically the same as hamper. Yeah, I'm running a news challenge. I'm going to give one lucky winner access to the entire challenge absolutely free. If you want to go into that draw, fill out the details below or something like that. And then same process. Hey, Scott, mate, stoked to announce you actually won second price for that challenge giveaway. What I would do is break it down. So, like, you've won second place, which is $500 voucher you can put to it. What would do do do Towards the challenge, let me know if you're keen on that, man. I'll run you through the next steps. So first, get them to confirm that they are actually keen on taking up that challenge, right? Get the spark, the interest, yeah, et cetera, et cetera. And then once they say, sweet, man, look, I couldn't do it right now, but how about we line up a time to chat this afternoon or tomorrow, whenever you say, just to sit down 20, 30 minutes, man, run through your goals, run through the challenge, and see if it's even going to be a good fit for you.
josiah narkowicz: Sound good? Yeah, just pre-qualify them a little bit as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, try and have a little bit of a chat to them, like, you know, a little bit of small talk, et cetera, et cetera. Don't, you know, it's not just straight on the phone, But yeah, I think if you did that, like, that would definitely draw some interest from it for sure. And it's the same process, it's the same process whether you do it  in the gym with the hamper or online. Exactly, like, the only difference is that, like, front-end offer. But you can do it, I mean, if you're really good at the hamper, there's no point in changing it now, but pretty much exactly the same, and then as soon as they fill it out, it's like, same from there.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. And then, you know, you're getting lots of, I'll probably get a few hundred leads, probably more, bro.
Kyle Musca: And then what I would also, just for a few, on that, what I would also do is go through your entire year long, like, because I don't think, you've probably never really tapped into it. Go through every single inquiry that you pretty much ever had, and then anyone, yeah, same thing. Man, I randomly chose someone that's inquired over the last, whenever they acquired, and you've actually won.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, my full strategy to roll it out is, like, hit the referrals first, so ask my client for five referrals each. And I'll say, like, hey, chances are that the person you choose, chances are that they'll win. Cause I've actually limited it to a hundred entries. So they're, you know, all of a sudden give me five referrals each. Um, and then I'll hit obviously the database. So anyone who's had a consultation with me, expressed interest, anyone on the database, like I can send a solid bulk blast text. Last time I ran it, I had like 20 or 30 consultations booked in one week. Worked like a 70 or 80 hour week that week, but I closed actually seven or eight of them in a week. So, you know, it'll, be a lot of calling and a lot of consulting and a lot of, um, whatever. So, you know, I can space it out over two weeks. So I'm expecting like 400 leads total, especially from the gym, there'll be hundreds.
Kyle Musca: So yeah. Yeah. I mean, if you execute on a well, I'd be careful about doing the magic hat to referrals. Cause it was, If they refer you five friends and they're all in like a group and you tell every single one of them one second prize, might get out.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, no, there's definitely a different calculated strategy for that.
Kyle Musca: I mean, to be fair, you could say because you've come through X, Y, Z, not only will you get $500 off, but they'll also get $250 by referring you. That's a strategy there. So similar, just different wording. Yeah, man, like if you can get 400 leads including or even excluding the leads that you currently have been, again, no  reason that you shouldn't be online by the end of January. Like fully, fully online. And then again, and that's really why I want you to remain consistent with the content because if you've got a good online base, you've got good cash flow coming through your business, your content's consistent and educating and it's proven that we can just turn ads on and you should be  pumping. time.
josiah narkowicz: It just seems crazy, bro, going fully online.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, a few weeks ago, you thought it was crazy to even get a lead through Instagram.
josiah narkowicz: What's that?
Kyle Musca: I was saying a few weeks ago, you thought it was crazy to even get a lead to pay you through Instagram.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. And now, like, I've had a fair few inquiries come through. So, yeah, we're making good progress, bro. So, I just seem to not get complacent with the posting, the stories, too. I was slack with the posting on the stories. So, I've got the – I know what to do to follow the cadence. It's just actually doing it and managing my energy a bit better. So, seem to look after myself, stop drinking as much. And just  rein it in. Rein it in and, yeah, look after my sleep. I think that's really where I should be. Stacking my energy at the moment, just to manage my, manage all of that behind lifestyle stuff, to allow me to execute just, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, honestly, it seems like the biggest bottleneck in the business at the moment is just like, building and reinforcing the habits you should be doing consistently. And if you can do that, then, you know, the world's your oyster, essentially.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I think just double down on that, work towards it. And again, just get into that grind sort of mindset, understand that over the next, you month, two months, three months, if you can just really  pump it out, then, you know, one, you will have a lot more financial freedom, lot more location freedom, and you'll be able to continue to grow based off that.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it'll definitely be a game changer. I think, like, 20, 20k months, just purely online based. Nice. And I'll probably still keep one or two of my OG clients. Like that guy that gives me literally 10 grand, 10, 15 grand every 10 weeks, just cash. That's like 100K worth of revenue a year that I'm not paying tax on. Well, 60 grand cash, so the equivalent of 100 grand, because I'm not paying tax on any of it. So I'll keep my OG clients like that. That might be five sessions a week, you know. I've got another guy that gives me like 800 a week. He's on holiday at the moment. So I'll keep those guys, because I  love them. And they're a great network. They give me access to these golf, expensive golf trips and all. All of this kind of stuff.
Kyle Musca: And I would even like, I would even put together something for that because I mean, they've probably got some really high-profile friends, man. If you can establish yourself as the guy that works with really high-profile clients, you don't need 100 clients. You just need  10. I mean, if had 10 clients paying you 10 grand every  three months, man, you earn 100 grand a month by working with 10 clients. You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, just big retainers.
Kyle Musca: And then what you could do there, man, like, because I've thought about this as well. The hardest part is accessing the clientele. If you've got an open source, like, feed into that, then fantastic. What you could do, man, is you could set up, like, a complete, like, fitness and lifestyle overhaul. Like, for that kind of product, like, money, you could easily set up, like, something like , you know, Papa Macros or Muscle Chef meals all delivered to their front doorstep. You could map out their entire week, everything like that. So it's all completely hands-off for them. And so, man, I'll take care of everything. In this regards, I'll all your supplements, everything's all bundled in for it, but it's  10 grand for three months, you know what mean? And they'll pay it. You could even do 15, you could do 20 grand for three months. If they see the value, they'll be like, sweet.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, like all of their supplements, and I even know some guys that prescribe all the peptides and the TRT and all that sort of thing. So even having that attached to it, you know, and have it as a whole big package, and I'm just outsourcing the whole thing. All I have to do is send the money over and sign a few waivers, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, man, wealthy people pay for time more than anything. If you can just  take away all that, like, I'll do all that for you, man. You don't even stress about it. You just  focus on keep doing what you're doing. Man, they'll pay for it. It's easy to sell 10 grand for three months to someone that makes  a million dollars a month than it is to sell two grand for three months. to someone that only makes  500 bucks a week. You know what I mean?
josiah narkowicz: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: The hardest part is accessing that network and that sort of level of clientele.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I'm pretty blessed with that. I've got a pretty elite network. That's the thing. So, I definitely want to start leveraging that where I can, but as I said, a lot of my referrals come from these guys, but that's definitely an option in the new year. Have like a, like, what is it? A VIP access where they're getting, it's like a hold on for you.
Kyle Musca: Man, throw on a golfing retreat in there. What's that? Throw on a golfing retreat. You know what mean? You sign up to this one, we all go on a  golfing and then it's a networking thing. That's another thing that people, you know, of that status pay for. They pay for networking. If you can say we're going to be... That's Thank And this is like probably down the line, but I know, I don't know if you know Jeremy Martin, but he does that now. He gets into the retreat. I don't know. He goes for like, you know, well-off clientele, but from like, that looks like it's  killing it. He's killing it because of it. So it's like, those are things that you could absolutely add in there down the line. And then, you know, if you, if you do get invited to these massive golf sort of events with these really high profile people, that's a great way to use it as a networking event. it's like, it's not about changing your lifestyle. It's about like, how can you intertwine things? That's a  great way to, to network with some people, get some high profile clientele pumping for you. And then it's like, if, if you get on a new client and they  invite you to some other event and you can, you know, continue just adding on from them and you can  position yourself really, really strongly in the market.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I'm absolutely. So Absolutely, mate. Why do you think I'm playing so much golf, mate?
Kyle Musca: Fair enough. So it works, mate.
josiah narkowicz: Well, I'm getting a membership next year at Cooley. And, yeah, you just get paired with – I've actually got two clients who I met through golf. So you just get paired with these guys on the course, and you're with them for, like, four hours. Oh, what do you do? This and that. So it's a great way to meet and network people. And they see you looking all jacked in your, like, tight golf shirt as well.
Kyle Musca: So they're like, oh, yeah, this guy's a  operator. Yeah. I mean, I'm too lazy to get my steps in.
josiah narkowicz: So that's a good way of getting my steps in because otherwise I just won't get them in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there's definitely, like, potential. I mean, it's probably a, not even a longer-term play, but, like, realistically, we just, if we can execute over the next month or so, man, it should put us in a really strong position, and then we can just keep doubling down on that.
josiah narkowicz: I'm hearing you, bro. I need you to bully me more, though, as well. So, I'll get it, I'll get it done, bro. I'll, I'll get it done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Just, yeah. Ten reels drafted up, or at least filmed, ready to go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, the biggest bottleneck in your business right now, man, is that everything's moving so well, is just being consistent with that content. So, it's, like, in terms of a little bit more detailed with the feedback notes, literally just  post content every... A day, at least once a day, and get on, like, set some time apart to get on the phone and bang out calls, generate those leads. And those are the money-driving tasks that you need to focus on, like, just those two things. If you can just do those two things really well, again, the world's your oyster.
josiah narkowicz: And story CTAs as well jump on, jump consistently with that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Well, I will have a lot of, because Old Love, she's getting in there tomorrow in the DMs, so I'll be wanting to feed her as much as I can with the hand-raises, people replying to stories, and, you know, so that'll keep me really dialed in with my actual content production.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, one last thing as well, man, is, um, when you post your content... And whether you do this, if it's the giveaway, New Year's Challenge giveaway, or even just the New Year's Challenge itself, man, when you go post the content, piece of content, make it, like, big and bold like that. Yeah. Because if you have a video that goes viral, like, you can easily get , if you had something like this on that video, other video that went viral, you could easily get, you know, 10, 20, 30 plus leads from that video alone. But they need to have clear steps on what to do. Yeah, yeah. But if you had something like, you know, New Year's Challenge, whatever the  you call it, prize pool open, you know, go apply to enter access, again, where it'd probably be essentially, say, access to the challenge  free. Then again, you're just stockpiling leads that are interested in a challenge, and you just call them everyone's one second prize, $500 voucher, et cetera, et cetera. You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, and the type form, they're just putting in their contact details, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just do like name, phone, email, phone, occupation, submit.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, thanks for registering your interest in the challenge. We'll text you on this mobile to keep you updated about whatever the . I'll give them a call that day. Hey, such and such, saw you, you know, you know, whatever. But then, yeah, obviously, you've got to keep them, if you're running it for more than four weeks, you've got to keep them nurtured over that four weeks, maybe. So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: I've got, I've got like a tech structure that I'll be following, like each week, giving them some information, updated prizes. Hey, we added this prize in, hey, we added that prize in, or hey, we've had so many entries, we've decided to add in another prize. Whatever it is, it's like, oh, , okay. Keeping him, like, front of mind about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. And then I just would, I wouldn't leave him too long to go without it. Like, maybe at the end of the week or something like that, you set some time apart to go through all the people that applied for that week. And it was like, you won that voucher. Because ideally, you want to do it after the 20th of December, then. Like, I feel like people are going to be very, very much in the holiday mode.
josiah narkowicz: So, so you basically, you're not calling them, so you release the, the winner of the, the hand part?
Kyle Musca: No, I would, I would try and. Yeah, it's a tricky one. I would, I would, I would just bundle them all together. And then, yeah, probably wait till the new year. And then just  power through them all. And just say, hey, you won $500.
josiah narkowicz: That's That's what I was planning to do, bro. Just collect all the leads over this month. And every time someone joins the wait list or whatever, I'm messaging them, I'm calling them, you know, and there's a certain text that I send with Bolt Blast. And then when I release it, I'll release the winner of the challenge, but then I'll go through and call literally everyone and offer the second prize. You've come second. Obviously not to the referrals because it might be hella sus. But I'll have a different list of referrals so I know who's a referral and who's not, basically. So, you know, if I can book 50 consultations, 30 consultations, like, I feel like that'll be realistic with the amount of lead volume coming in. And 10, 15 new clients in January, potentially. So it could be a good start to the year. Plus, on top of that, everyone else just organically wanting to be having a PT in the new year. So if you put that, you're in your place.
Kyle Musca: Absolutely, man. It's just about how it's an executioner.
josiah narkowicz: If you do that, you'll have a booming. One of my new leads that he said he's basically keen to sign up, he's a tattoo artist, and I was like, okay, maybe I can give him 16 weeks coaching to do my sleeve, because I want to get my full half sleeve done.
Kyle Musca: So have you ever done  like that? No, but you could swing it to him. I mean, depends. Yeah, but if it's worth it, you could trade it. I mean, I'm sure you could offer it to him. Because then it's just time for time. I'm sure he could probably accept that.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Sweet, bro.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right, well, I've got to run, but yeah, just jump back on top of the content, keep pounding through those leads. And yeah, if you've got a decent amount just sitting there, man, I would try and get on to them ASAP, like today, even if you can.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Absolutely, mate. Appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: All right, well, let's finish the year strong, man, and I'll chat to you very soon.
josiah narkowicz: Sounds good, legend.
Kyle Musca: Have fun. You too. Cheers, man. See you.
josiah narkowicz: We'll see you more and more.


>>> 40/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-10T01:34:42Z | id:107559721
People: Kyle Musca

Meg Tovey: This meeting is being recorded. Hi, good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. Apologies for the confusion there.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, same.
Kyle Musca: Oh, good. Off to Melbourne.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, Nick's competing in the High Rocks.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, nice. Oh, awesome. Hey, how going? Hey, guys. Oh, sorry.
Meg Tovey: Oh, nothing. I was just going to say, hey, yeah, the snow, yeah, the snow is a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I know, and the snow, body's very sore, so I had to resort to on the bed. have a better. Oh.
Meg Tovey: Oh, Oh,
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. Well, let's dive right in. How has this week been overall? was reading your message before.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, just did a quick cut. Yeah, can you hear me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Meg Tovey: It says my ear connection's unstable, so just let me know if it cuts out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I can hear you for now.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I just said, I just sent my, like, check-in thing through WhatsApp because I didn't really have much else to kind of report. But, yeah, I converted one of them yesterday. I had two no-shows. One, I'm still kind of booking again. The one I converted yesterday, though, was only a full-month thing, not six. And I kind of, like, I don't know if I, I don't know if she would have gone for six, but I got a feeling like she only had, like, maybe six kilos to lose. And she. She'd only ever done, like, really short things in the past. Like, she was saying how she was not happy in the past. She did, like, a four-week program thing and, like, only lost a kilo. So I was just like, she's not going to commit to six months, so I just pitch four instead.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Meg Tovey: But, yeah, I've got three more to do tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: And, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Where did those, like, six come from?
Meg Tovey: Um, I can tell you exactly. Um, so the two no-shows, one was from Rise keyword, the other was from Empower keyword. The converted client was from the Boss keyword. And the three that's still needed through their cause, one's... From our inquiry form, and then two are from the Empower keyword.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So, okay. And how did you go filming with Vaughn? Was that all right?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, it was good. I got like three back already, because I asked on Monday, like what the ETA would be, and it said three through. And they're not like as, I guess, good as I assumed, but they would be based on how good the ads were. But I just like sent a couple of little changes back, and we'll see how the rest of them go, because we filmed 20. So, yeah. Okay. Like, I just wasn't like, I was kind of like, I wouldn't stop to watch this kind of thing. But, I mean, I guess I'll find out once we start posting them.
Kyle Musca: What kind of videos were they?
Meg Tovey: Were they like... like... Um, like a combination of lots of different ones. I gave him like a heap of scripts and then he like edited them and like added the scenes and stuff in.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So we'll see how they come up. But 20 is like, I mean, that's good to get in a day. That should be plenty. Um, did you double any of them up as ads?
Meg Tovey: Um, we did quite a few CTAs with a keyword to either coaching or to, um, the free, like we called it a free training, but it's the podcast that I was telling you about. Yeah. Okay. So like I'd say at least half of them could be used as ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Awesome. So we'll see how they come out. keen to review them. Uh, the graphics and everything like that are up and running. Um, I had to pull. Pullback, not pullback, well, I did pullback until we got the graphics up there. But in terms of the, like, overall videos, I was just kind of, like, working them through them and just kept turning them off as they just weren't performing. And then I think it's got, like, four on total that it's still, like, testing through. But, yeah, I definitely think the graphics seem to be pulling through because there is that one graphic that we originally ran with. Let me pull it up. From the old campaign, and that's, like, under $20 per lead.
Meg Tovey: The only thing is I noticed with the graphics, they might pull more leads in, but they're not necessarily quality leads. Because I remember when we had that month that there was, like, 24 books, but, like, 95% no-show.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, let me just.
Meg Tovey: But I feel like it might be different now that they're not targeting mums.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, mums are just, like, I mean, if you can get it to work, then fantastic. But, yeah. If you you you I mean, they're just , again, it's like, it's with that, it comes down to an identity thing, you know, like, mums identify as mums, but unfortunately, the mums that really identify as mums are like stay-at-home mums that don't have a job and like, just like, like their life revolves around their kids. Yeah. So it's like, you know, people have built businesses off just targeting that one niche specifically, but, you know, it is evidently a hard niche to  get to work. Like, um, so I think if we just go for more so women in their 30s, it will engage mums, but they don't necessarily just, their life doesn't revolve around just being a mum. Um, so we'll see how that goes, but, um, let's have a look at this one that is working. I won't share the screen because, yeah, so it's actually the video ad. Oh, I just looked at it and assumed it was a graphic. It's actually the video ad that's pulling through it, $20 per lead.
Meg Tovey: And that is the... Tower is the keyword in the tower. Because that's definitely the most common one in the last, like, in December that's come through.
Kyle Musca: So it probably will be, let me check. Yeah, Empower. So. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's good then. So, and then that's to a... The job title interest. So I didn't, I turned off the broad with the video ads. We'll see, I want to see how the graphics go. Because again, I'm trying to be conscious of, like, overall ad spend and everything like that. But if the graphics start to pull through, we'll play it by, like, see how we go over the next week or so. But I may even turn that broad structure on a little bit more with the graphics and see if we can pull in leads through that. All Thank
Meg Tovey: The other thing I was going to ask, just with how we've changed the onboarding, wait, can you hear me?
Kyle Musca: Because it's saying it's unstable again. Yeah, yeah, I can hear you, yeah.
Meg Tovey: What I, the first problem that I've come into so far since we've been doing like the, where the coach calls the clients straight away, is like if I onboard someone at like 5.30 and I've just got off the call and they're like, oh, like this chick last night, she was like getting off to cook her kids dinner. So it was just like, I didn't really know, I didn't want Ben the coach to call and they're like  annoying her. So she's, she's fine, like she's been chatting to her this morning, but yeah, I don't really know. So I'm still, like, not set on this new onboarding process. It's a bit of a  shambles.
Kyle Musca: So are you talking about just in general, just that first point of contact or?
Meg Tovey: Well, the original, I guess, problem was that they were, like, the really high emotional, very overweight women were, like, panicked after they get off the call. And then they've got the night time. I might send them on at 5 p.m. Then they've got the night time to, like, then they try and pull out at, like,  10 o at night. So we were, like, okay, let's call them. Let's get the coach to call them straight away and, like, build that relationship faster. But, like, if it's already late and they've already said they're, like, going to cook dinner or whatever, I feel like it's a bit annoying for the coach to then call them. So I don't know how to, like, then if they call them in the morning, it's, like, well, it could potentially be too late.
Kyle Musca: And that's, like, not solving the original problems. Yeah. So... what I would do here is like, unless there's a specific reason why the coach can't call them, like they're like, oh, I'm about to go make dinner for the kids. Then I would just get them to send through a voice note, just something to, you know, again, have some sort of point of contact and explain. The main thing is explaining the next steps so they're actually aware, if that makes sense, instead of just sort of sitting there, not really understanding. Like even if you tell them on the call, they can kind of be in that panic state and everything just goes over the head. So it's like, if you can tell them like in a voice note where they can like, you know, they're not so panicked and they're kind of calmer, then it's also, you know, it's still, a call is definitely better, but it's at least they still know what the next steps are and they can kind of watch it on their, like listen to it on their own time.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. What should that follow up message say?
Kyle Musca: So essentially what I do on it is I'm like, you know, I just want to one personally welcome the team, really keen to rip in and see how far we can. Take everything. And also just run you through the next steps so you're not left in the dark. And then I go through the first thing is make sure to – so first I explain the program. I've had a bit of a chat to Meg. She's ran me through your goals. What we're going to do is sit down and go over everything in a lot more detail. And then we can usually have the first block of everything built within the first 24 to 48 hours. So one, getting them to understand the timeframes of when they should get things back.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the – and again, like, it is – you know, make it personal. So it's like, you know, these overweight women, they sit in their own sort of fields and everything like that. And that can kind of get them to back out. So you might want to include in there when she says it, you know, I just want to say, like, I'm so sort of proud of you for taking this next step and sort of, you know, have you worded. You know the clientele better than I do, but like essentially believing. know the better than Yourself and, you know, you know, stepping out of your comfort zone, et cetera, et cetera.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then I sort of explained that this first block is to build the foundation. So if you need anything changed or adjusted, whatever the case may be, just let us know. It's exactly what we're here for. Something along those lines. So giving them, I guess, permission to, you know, communicate freely with you. Yeah. And also, like, getting that sort of personalized feel by saying, like, everything is 100% essentially customized.
Meg Tovey: Anything you need changed, just let us know. Yeah. Okay. Sorry.
Kyle Musca: Then I just explained. Yeah. Then I just explained the onboarding process. So I'm just like, I dropped the video in above. Basically, watch through that. I'll show you how to set up WhatsApp, the app, and everything. And then, so you will do that. So maybe, like, you know, make drop to an onboarding video. Make sure to watch that or clear things up.
Meg Tovey: And then. Yeah. So we do that in the, wow, I think I'm yelling because everyone's listening to me. We do that in the app, but then like this chick last night, she, Ali messaged her first thing this morning, or she actually tried to call her and then message her. Having troubles downloading the app. So like message, but like the next steps, it says like, like we've matched it out like step one, two, three. So it's like join the Facebook group, introduce yourself. And then that I had like made her training program already because I like had all the info. So.
Kyle Musca: Is that, do you chat within the app or do you chat on like WhatsApp?
Meg Tovey: Within that, because I don't, I want to like, if it didn't, yeah, just in that, we've we've never used WhatsApp.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Are they in the app by the time you wrap up the call? Like in terms of messaging, how can they communicate?
Meg Tovey: The only way would be via text because they have to set their app up.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So you might want to say, yeah, you might want to say, do you have a, yeah, might even be worth making a video or something like that. Is it a fairly straightforward process setting the app up?
Meg Tovey: It's so straightforward, but people always get stuck with it. It's like the dumbest  that they're getting caught up on. Like tech problems.
Kyle Musca: Like actual tech problems, not just them being a bit of a sped?
Meg Tovey: A bit of both. Like this lady last night was like, it was just not loading. Like it was downloading. Now, stop. But like. That's a hurt internet problem.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So yeah, I would get them to, yeah, still text or something because then again, you're like leaving it up to them to like sign into the app and everything and these people are  lazy and if they don't sign into the app, then it's like doubling down on the, oh, I'm just not committed enough to do this, freak out, back out. So I would say even just maybe include it, like if you don't make a video because it's like too simple to even do that, kind of just like I would get the coach to explain how to sign up in the voice note or the call and then just make it very clear. you have any issues jumping onto the app at all, just let us know, we'll get it sort of straight away for you.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I think that'll help.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's probably what I'd do there. Yeah, I'd probably get, in that case, I'd probably get the coach to like text them personally or like individually.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that's what we did do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect. But that's... That should be, like, that's pretty much all I do. And then I say, and then I just make it very, very clear, like, if you do have any questions, if you're struggling with anything, make sure to let us know, because we can't actually help you if we don't know you're struggling.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I, and then that's it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Other than that, I'll still try and get the coach to call them, like, every time, because I always do the calls, and I've never really had anyone, like, worse comes to worse, they just don't pick up, right? But, like, unless they specifically, like, you might say on the end of the call, like, you know, whoever's going to give you a call shortly, is that okay? Like, do you have, like, five minutes to just have a check?
Meg Tovey: Something like that. Yeah. The only other thing that I could, like, see being an issue, I don't know how, I'm interested to know how you do this with your... Coaches is like, I didn't get off this call until it's  late hours. And like, I don't expect the girls to work outside of these hours. Yeah. really know what to do in that situation.
Kyle Musca: It depends how late. Like, if it's reasonable, I'll just say to the coach, try to send a voice note, you know, and explain to the coach why you're doing it as well.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, then they definitely can hear that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd be like, you know, obviously, say what you just said. Like, I don't expect you to sort of get on a call at 9pm. If you can send a voice note, fantastic. If it does come, like, and it is really late and worse comes to worse, just get them to send, like, a text and be like, you know, try and get them on as soon as possible in the morning.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, like, yeah, that's pretty much what you can do. Because, again, there's no, yeah, it's pretty, you can't really expect someone to give a call at, like, 8, 9pm. Um, yeah, yeah. Does that all make sense?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Um, cool. And then, yeah, perfect. Is there any, like, key issues that you're all sort of struggling with at the moment?
Meg Tovey: Um, no, not really. I'm just, like, still trying to work out. Sorry, we're delayed. Um, I'm just trying to work out. Wow, I just forgot what I was going say. Um, oh, I'm just trying to work out, like, the pricing structures and stuff like that. So, like, having a depth, like, kind of a shorter term option and stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Um, I always just, mine's simple. Mine was just like $2,000 for three months, $3,500 for six.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I wrote down a couple of options after watching some of your calls. So, yeah, no, nothing really that I need.
Kyle Musca: Did you have any questions regarding any of those calls you watched?
Meg Tovey: No. It was pretty validating, I think, that I am doing a good job.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: And some of them are just like, and actually I saw a video this morning that was really helpful for the only objection that still gets me out is the, I need to speak to my husband out of respect. That's the only thing that, like, it's very hard to overcome. But I saw a really good video this morning that I, that was helpful. It doesn't really help with that part, but I'll send it to you. Thank And you can maybe see how, because, yeah, it's hard to explain. Wait, actually, I've sent you now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So again, it's just a smokescreen objection.
Meg Tovey: No, but like, sometimes when it's, because I feel like I'm pretty confident that I can tell if it is or not.
Kyle Musca: With that one, if it's out of respect, then like, to me, it'd be like, okay, let's get you to lay a, he wouldn't say it like this, but let's get you to lay a refundable deposit. And if you go away and have a chat, just to secure a spot, if you go away and have a chat to your husband, he's like, no, you're not doing this. I don't want you to X, Y, Z, and like, make it sound really bad. Then I'll just refund it to you, no harm done. But at least this way, you can go to him and kind of have the conversation of like, hey, I spoke to, you know, Megan, and I'm really excited to get this done. You know, I'm fully keen to move forward. But I just wanted to come and ask you for respect, out of respect, to make sure you're on. The same page. if you're not, then we can just stop everything straight away. Because that's a good way to kind of gauge it. Because if they are actually keen and it is just out of respect, then they'd have no problem laying a refundable deposit.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. That's helpful. It's so easy to do that. It's so easy to sell to men with that. It's so easy to overcome that objection with men. Because it's like, your woman doesn't want you to  ask permission to, like, better yourself. But it's a bit harder with women when maybe the man is the kind of one supporting them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, as long they get their own income, like, men, it's still the most common objection, you know, you'll get for men. As long, like, if they've got their own income.
Meg Tovey: I'd be like having their ick connected up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, in any, like, normal, healthy relationship, like, who goes and asks their partner to do something that's for them? You know what I mean? Like... ... you. It's just weird.
Meg Tovey: Well, it's like, yeah, because it's like you don't back yourself, kind of.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that's really what it is. Like, they're really just looking for someone else to make the decision for them. And you kind of got to get them to realize that as well. And that's like the angle that is good to come from with women, especially, because it's like, do you feel like you're sort of depending on someone else to make the decisions that directly affect your life? Okay, well, how are you ever going to take it, like, actual, like, responsibility of the trajectory of your life if you're constantly relying on other people to make those decisions for you?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: But, you know, and then at the same time, like, you always, you'll hear people say, like, oh, I just got back from this  cruise. And it's like that cruise was probably, like, five grand and lasted a week. This is two grand and lasts three months. Like, where are your priorities at?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Other than that, I'd be keen. Yeah. We'll see. these graphics go, but I'd also be really keen to try, like, set up, like, a decoy offer or something like that, especially with your target audience, which is, are you aware of a decoy offer? I don't think so. So it's a bit, so essentially we'd run a lead magnet type thing of saying, like, you know, just off the top of my head, we'll build you a free seven-day custom meal plan. And that's, like, the thing to draw as many leads in as possible. But then it's a decoy, like, oh, yeah, we can do that. But you really, like, you kind of just downplay it. Like, that's really just for women that are just looking for, like, a quick fix and, you know, not really, you know, we just do that as a whatever the . For women that are actually serious about change, like, we have this option, you know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, yeah, it's a decoy. But, yeah, I think something like that would work really, really well. But, yeah, I want to run these graphs. It takes just to see them. And then I think that's, you know, if we do look at unrolling that, it'll be like New Year type thing. just push hard for it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, cool. Cool. Anything else that you need me to do? I posted a reel this morning.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah? Nice.
Meg Tovey: A talking one. Oh, yeah?
Kyle Musca: How did you get filming that?
Meg Tovey: I just literally did it on the car to the airport.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Meg Tovey: In the car.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's it.
Meg Tovey: About a chick that hung up on me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, so you've got to check it out. But, yeah, I'm keen to see how the content comes out. And I'm keen to see what the difference is, like, once we have some branding on your actual page that people can, like, start engaging with. Because it will kind of, like, from my sort of envision of it, like, people will be able to see that you are the kind of the boss and the leader of the business. But you do actually have that community of coaches and girls in there as well.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. And like also half the ads are Lauren and then it will be 50-50, me and her on the feed, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I also think having the graphics of Lauren will, you know, could come in clutch for us as well because the girls that have been engaging in that, in the content, it's a recognisable face for them, you know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Is there anything else that you want to cover at all?
Meg Tovey: No, not at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Okay. So we'll see how these ads go over the next couple of days. Keeping a close eye on them and then, yeah, we'll go from there.
Meg Tovey: Amazing. Thanks. I'm sorry about the time. No, you're good. Safe travels and I will chat to you soon. Bye. See ya. Bye.


>>> 41/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-10T02:59:52Z | id:107564010
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Michael: Yo.
Kyle Musca: How's things, man?
Michael: Yeah, not too bad.
Kyle Musca: How are you? Good, man. Good.
Michael: Getting through it. That's good.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. We'll dive right in, man. How has this week been overall?
Michael: Yeah, it was a pretty decent week. Probably a few things I could have adjusted, but from that call that I ran, with the script you sent, that was, like, slightly adjusted. That guy signed on and then signed on one of the other bros just before. Yeah, like, overall, I think it's been a relatively decent week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. So you feel like the sales script is definitely sort of helping on those goals?
Michael: Oh, yeah, 100%. I reckon it was actually really good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Did you cut this one a bit shorter, or did you sort of see it played out a bit more?
Michael: With the, like, the guy today?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Michael: Yeah. Um, probably played it out a little bit more because it like spanned over just a longer period of time like while we were there. Um, but no, it was still, still really good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like for the most part, while you're getting used to it, I wouldn't like, there's definitely questions. If it doesn't make sense to ask the question, then don't ask it. Um, but for the most part, like you, you want to be, and I'll quickly share it just so you can actually like visually see. Um, For the most part, you want to be asking like pretty much 90% of the questions. Um, the only ones I wouldn't ask is like stuff like this, you know, and if it's like an add on to the question and it's like an extension, if, if, if necessary, uh, a lot of, a lot of people can make the mistake, man. And I see it all the  time is they go through like the standard, you know, surface level questions, just get them comfortable. And then they start skipping over a lot here, you know, like, and especially in the emotional phase and start like missing something. So pretty much like through this period, man, let's have a gaze here. Pretty much from here, I would follow it pretty much word for word because all these questions are super important, except for this one. If they didn't say anything here, then you don't really need to bring this up.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But if they said like I was depressed or something, that's like good to bring up. But once they said that, I'd do all this word for word, absolutely all that. That's very important. Have you been doing that?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. This is all important. All important. Yeah, yeah, pretty much everything there. would make sure you not miss because that's super important stuff. The only exception to that would be like if they've blatantly already answered that question before. But that's where I'd be like cautious of not letting them  yap too much up here. Because if they start yapping, you'll get yappers. And if They start  yapping too much and they start answering questions you'll ask later.
Michael: It will lose its effectiveness. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Any questions on the script or anything like that?
Michael: No, the script has actually been, yeah, it's been pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. What did you close that guy on?
Michael: On four or both of them were on $4.20 a month.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Are you saying it as $4.20 a month or are you saying it as the total package price?
Michael: I set it as $4.20.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, when we're getting into these higher ticket, man, like this isn't even super high ticket by any means, but start saying the, start getting used to saying, you know, it's, for that case, it's $12.60 for the three months.
Michael: Right.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Because then you've got wiggle room. So, it's biopsychology. You want to work with them to come up with a solution. So, when you're negotiating, when you're closing, right, and they're objection handling. biopsychology. saying. A lot of people can start getting argumentative and then it's like back and forth and you're never going to win that because at the end of the day, they have to pull their card out and pay you. So you need to start getting them into the mindset of working towards a solution. So it's like, cool, so if the entire three months, man, it's going to be $12.80, they're like, oh, I don't have that on me right now. Really important not to just drop prices straight away or, you know, break it into $4.20. You need to objection handle a little bit, right? So reframe them. So this is basically how you do it, right? So if it's a price objection, right, you reframe them. So get them off the focus of the $12.80 and get the focus back on the value of the program, right? So if they're like, cool, it's too expensive. Like, yeah, no, I completely understand that, man. And I guess price aside, like, you know, do you feel like the program is sort of, you know, worth it? I mean, is price the only thing that's holding you back? Yeah, cool. And then you keep drilling in on that. Okay. And I guess on a scale of like. Like, one to ten, man, you know, with ten being the program is absolutely perfect is exactly what you're looking for. And one being I'm a complete dickhead and I've completely missed the mark. You know, where are we kind of sitting on that scale, man? Oh, they usually say like a seven, eight, or a nine. Okay, gotcha. And I guess like, you know, seven's pretty high. I guess why isn't it lower? All right, and what this does is it gets them to start telling you and therefore themselves all the great things about the program. Like, oh, I just love that you seem like really attentive and all the structure and, you know, like you've clearly got all the results and X, Y, Z. So they've just told themselves how great it is. Got you, man. Got you. Okay. So, yeah, it sounds like the program is something you want to do and it's just a matter of like making sure it works financially. Is that correct? Yeah, cool. So, man, so look, what we could do is instead of doing the full 1280 and then you can break it down however you want. You could say like try to get 600 and then like 350 a month or something like that or. Cool, man. What we could do is just $4.20 a month. Would that be a little bit more reasonable to get started? Yeah, cool. All right. You want to move forward with that?
Michael: Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, that makes sense. I think like, yeah, I think I'm just like so used to just saying it at $4.20. kind of just , just kind of just said it like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this, when you get into the higher ticket, like we're not there yet, but like down the line, man, when we get to that point, you can't sell it doing monthly or weekly. Because like, if, you know, for example, my core offer is two grand for three months. If I was like to say that's weekly, it's $166 a week, man. Like no one's buying that. Yeah.
Michael: Like for you, like let's just say someone did sign up and then they went through the three months. Do you end up like essentially trying to resell them after three months?
Kyle Musca: Well, this is why I like reoccurring. So if I'm making the sale, I'll be like, cool, it's $2,000 for three months, $2,000 for three months. And if they say yes, I will just be like, and I wouldn't really recommend you doing this to be honest, but I will be like, yeah, sweet. So what I'm going to do, man, is I'm going to send you $1,200 now. I'll link for $1,200. We'll just cover that and just make it easier and cash for you, man. We'll just go on $400 a month after that. I wouldn't recommend doing that until you get like quite comfortable with the sales process. ideally, the reason I do that is because one, it gets me reoccurring revenue. So it's just how easy to manage finances. That's more so for me, having a whole team and everything and a lot more overheads. So for you, it's like just trying to get all the cash up front. But two, because I don't have to really resell them. If they don't say anything after three months, I don't say anything.
Michael: We just keep going.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. In saying that, because you're working with them so personally, it is a lot easier for you to resell them than me. So for example, because My coaches take care of all the coaching. Then if I just come in like eight weeks or something like that, then, and I'm like, hey, man, they want to continue on. Like it's, I haven't really built that relationship as much with them as say you would, who's been actually coaching them for 12 weeks.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, it really important with this man. And again, because you're coaching it, you can add so much more personalization, which makes things so much easier. You never want to resell someone at 12 weeks, right? Because it's too late by then. They haven't had time to plan it. They haven't really thought about it. So yeah, the two sort of pressure points is one at like three to four weeks and the second at eight weeks. So three to four weeks, man, reason for that is because they're on an emotional high, right? So by that time, they should have gotten into the program. They should have seen that what you do works. They should have seen the service and the level of quality you provide. So they're confident in your ability. They should have seen And again, ideally, let's say like lost some weight, right? So they're feeling great about themselves, but they don't have enough knowledge and confidence to go do it on their own, right? So it's like if you've spoken to someone who says that they need to lose like 15, 20 kilos, but they just want to run with the three-month option to begin with, then it's like, that's a great time to be like, hey, man, like I know you said, you your really ultimate goal was to lose 20 kilos, and that's going to take, you know, a little bit longer than three months to do. So what we could do is if you want to go on the six-month package, again, you'd have to like look at the numbers around this, but an easy one for that is like what I could do, bro, is usually it comes out to be, you know, X amount, but if you want to just jump on that straight now, I'll, you know, we can just continue on at the current rate and just go for this. Right?
Michael: Does it make sense? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, because think, I think like what I've been doing is like, they, so initially it used to be like weekly, like when I first did it, and then... Push it to monthly because I had to chase up too many invoices every week. And then it'd be like the sales call, like the conversation would be like, okay, cool. Like it's X amount weekly. Like we, if they ask about like the terms and stuff, it's just like obviously, oh, sorry. It's like this amount per month. We run like on a three-month minimum term. And then we just sort of go from there and then the months continue to roll over after that. And then I would have a conversation with them around like the eight, nine-week mark. Like, and then just essentially lay out like their plan moving forwards. And then it's just like a case of if they don't bring up stopping, it just continues going until they do bring up stopping. Yeah. But if I say like did it, like what you said in terms of like saying the, like the upfront. And then if they actually did and not wanting to do the upfront, it'd have to be almost like at the eight, nine-week mark, like a resale.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you could do it again, three weeks, you could do it. You know what mean? Because then it's like what you could do is like, let's say you collect 12. And just keep, let's just say $1,200, right? Just keep things really nice and simple. $1,200 for three months, right? Let's say they paid you the full $1,200 for three months, right? Then you could be like at the three-week mark. Cool, man. Like if you want to do another six months, you know, would just be, you know, another $1,200. But what we could do is like, you know, that's obviously at the end of the three months. If you wanted to break that down, $1,200 divided by, let's say, 21 weeks. All right. If you want to break that down, man, it's just $57 a week. So it just makes it, if you want to start, if you want to go for that, you want to start covering it now, man.
Michael: makes it way more affordable. Yeah, okay. I see. Yeah. No, that makes sense. I think like for the most part, at least from what I've seen in terms of like the age group that I have at the moment, like even if I was to say bring up the full upfront cost, it would end up like would end up having to bring it back down a monthly anyway.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, but that's fine because you've. Worked with them to come up with a solution.
Michael: course. 100%. Like that part, like I understand, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. Any questions on any of that?
Michael: No, that actually does make a lot of sense.
Kyle Musca: That was sweet. The other really important thing with the re-signs, man, is like planting the seed early. So it's like, again, if you get to, you know, even, I mean, week eight is like the very bare minimum. mean, if it's 12 weeks, like week eight, you have to have it started, planted already. Ideally, you want it from the start though. So you got to keep in mind, like this is an information service, right? People are paying you for the information that you have. If they feel like they know the information, then there's no reason for them to continue on, right? So it's like, if they do a 12-week cut with you, then they feel like they're confident and they have the knowledge on how to cut properly. There's no reason to do another 12 weeks. But if you start creating the, I guess, the fear and the, I guess, the knowledge around what is now. Next, then there's a reason. So it's like, this is 12 weeks yet. That's what you originally came to me is to cut that 10 kilos. What we're going to do after that, man, is we're going to go into a reverse diet. And it's really important that we do the reverse diet properly because this is where a lot of people just go straight back into a bulk and they just gain all that fatty tissue back and they just undo all the work that they just put in over the last three months, right?
Michael: Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then you kind of like explain a little bit about how cautious they need to take that next process and how it's even more difficult than the cut itself.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I get what you're in. Have I shown you the roadmap sheet before?
Michael: No, I don't think so.
Kyle Musca: So I'll send you this. This is really good to do with your clients on your onboarding call. And basically, oh, so your first check-in call because by that time, they're probably not going to have very much data to run over. All right. So this is where it's a big time to build this out. So this is basically a client roadmap. Now, every client that comes through, you essentially just duplicate this and make it a copy for them. So it'll be like John Doe roadmap, right? Yeah, yeah. Rebrand it to yourself. And basically, it's pretty straightforward, right? You basically explain. So this first week, we are going to be in a cut, of course, but this is going to be the priming stage. is essentially where we build the foundation, make sure everything's perfect for you. And then once we've got that foundation, that's when we're going to ramp things up and get more advanced as we go through the program. Now, ideally, like realistically, man, you're wanting to cut about 10 kilos. So if we execute really well, realistically, we could lose about a kilo a week. But I always like to give it a little bit of insurance. You might get sick. Something might come up. We might have a setback. So I'm going to allow 12 weeks to get to that point. And then at the end of that 12 weeks, we want to hit that milestone of like 90 kilos, right? From there, we're going to reverse diet out. I would obviously make this reverse dieting quite a lot longer if it was me doing it. And then I would say, like, realistically, we should only be spending, you know, four to Six weeks at peak gain or, again, depending on the client's, you know, specific, whatever the , right? Yeah, yeah. And then, yeah, basically, it's a 12-month thing. So it doesn't matter if they sign up for three months, you're mapping out the next 12 months with them. And then every single check-in or every second check-in at the most, you're constantly referring back to this. It can be very quickly. It doesn't have to be much at all. But you're constantly referring back to it. So, one, you know where they're at in the cycle. So you can really start, like, planting the seed at, like, you know, like, well, you've been planting the seed from week one. But, you know, from week eight, you really need to start  dialing in on the next steps. Also to say, like, okay, we're on week three. Now I know it's time to try and maybe upsell them or try and get a referral or something out of them, right? Yeah. But also that the client knows that where they're at, you know what mean? They don't just get to the end of the 12 weeks and not have a clear vision of what's next.
Michael: They know exactly what's next. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's nice. And then you've got short-term, medium, and long-term goals.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: No, that makes a lot of sense. Now, this is super easy. What you have to do here is you just come and you put it to whenever they start, and then it changes the rest of the dates for you.
Michael: Oh, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then in terms of this, you would just copy this and then go like that, and then it would do that.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, just rebrand it. Pretty simple, pretty easy.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that stuff?
Michael: No, that makes sense. I remember Sage shared me one of those like a bit ago, but it was just like a way more  complicated version of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've spoken to Sage about this. He might have like changed it around. I mean, if you want to add stuff to it, by all means, go to it.
Michael: But this is just a nice, simple process. I mean, you don't need to overcomplicate that. I think I like that one better, bro. But it was just, the other one was like low-key like, goes comp prep type . Like there was so many  columns with like, like management and .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, keep things nice and simple. You don't want to have to deal with it. And if it's too complicated, a client's not even going to care about it.
Michael: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Of course. He's going to look at it and like,  that. Cool, man. All right. Back into the check-in. So, I mean, two grand. then did you get that actual 420 on that call?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. mean, two and a half grand almost for the week, man. That's good. Oh, actually, two and a half grand just. So, that's  awesome, man.
Michael: Yeah. I have like, because everyone at the moment is on like a monthly, oh, I've got like maybe one or two people that are still on weekly, but because they're all a monthly, like there's like two, one or two weeks of each month that's like the biggest weeks. And then the other two weeks are like lower, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, that's okay to average it out to be the same. Yeah. And then there's another thing. Great, 100%, which is good. So you can clearly see by implementing that, that sales script, things turned around quite a lot there. So it would just be a bit of continuing to dial that process in and get more comfortable with it. And make sure to record those calls as well, because if need be, we'll jump in. Did you record that last one?
Michael: Today?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Michael: No, today I was like in person with the guy.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right.
Michael: Yeah, okay. Imagine I'm just like, yo, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Pull up the phone. Yeah, cool. Okay. In future, try and, yeah, record those.
Michael: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Weekly lead. Yeah. Story person being consistent implementing. Have you actually officially tested that first weekly CTA?
Michael: Yes, I did that yesterday on my story. And I had quite a few people tap that sticker. I think I'm having, I'm having the call with the... Either later today or early tomorrow for the guy that I'm doing the plan for and then going to go through and message everyone. Because I did like yesterday, Arvo, and I did the like thing you said afterwards as well, where you put up the story saying like the  spot is gone or something. And then, yeah, going to go through after this call basically and message everyone else who tapped it, like tap the sticker.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I mean, I would just start a conversation with them, man. If they're qualified, then I would kind of be like, look, you know, it sounds like you're pretty, you know, serious. Usually I wouldn't do this, but I value working with people that are serious, however you word it.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, happy to do it for you as well.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So still get those guys on, even though you said that you wouldn't.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. And then if they're not qualified, just don't waste the time on it.
Michael: So... Yeah.
Kyle Musca: ... In terms of qualification and setting, do you know how to sort of do that?
Michael: Like seeing if they are qualified?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you're seeing if they're even worth your time to do it because if they're not worth your time, then there's no point in doing it.
Michael: There's like main ones just like age and like job, like what they do for work to see if they have the buying power.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you've got to be real careful about how you ask it though.
Michael: Of course.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, yeah, so I find you just, you just give it a reason. So first of all, it's, it's because you can't go straight in with what's your job. So it's like goal, struggle, occupation, essentially. Ideally, you want age before then as well.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, so goal and struggle pretty easy. And then in terms of how to ask for the occupation, I say, oh yeah, I got you. That makes sense. I've worked with plenty of guys who have struggled with the same issues as what they said. I'm out of curiosity. Obviously, like, what do you do for work? Is it highly active or stressful?
Michael: Something like that. Yeah. Yeah, I was going to say, like, I normally, when I ask that, normally ask, like, around, because of, like, activity levels, I'm always like, oh, like, do you have, like, pretty active job?
Kyle Musca: Like, are on your feet a lot? And then they normally just say, like, what they do for work. Yeah, you can try that. I do find, though, you will encounter people that very much avoid saying what they do for work if they don't have a good job or they don't work. You know what So that's why I kind of ask them directly, what do you do for work?
Michael: Is it highly active or stressful? Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Otherwise, if you say, like, you know, what do you do for a job or are you highly active or something like that, they'll, like, exclude the job component and just be like, yeah, I'm doing heaps of steps or I'm not that active.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, I get that.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. I'm keen to see how that goes, man. At the very least, it will help you. You sort of get into that sales process and, you know, just get on more calls, do more reps because that's a very important thing with sales is just getting the reps in.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Do you have any questions on that process?
Michael: No, I think we, you covered it pretty well last week. I'll just go through it these next few weeks and then chuck that in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. When you say it would have liked to have done more gym, regular gym content and reactions and voiceovers, what do you mean by that in terms of not the workout reviews?
Michael: Yeah, because like I remember last week you were saying how like the workout reviews are good, but it could be good to try some just like regular reactions to just like other gym related kind of videos. I think this week I only did one and I would have liked to have done more than just the one, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that was something I was going to bring up because every time your videos pop up, it is the gym reaction videos. Which is, like, good. But at the same time, if I've just watched you do a gym reaction, like, workout review, and then another workout review, like, pops up, it's a little bit too, I guess, frequent, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I definitely think include some other ones in there. And then I also think, I'm not sure if I mentioned to you, I think with the reaction videos, try a mix of, like, having your face in there, in the initial one. And then also try a mix of not having your face in there. So, like, just have the, just have the, because then you, I think that will probably work better, to be honest, simply because you're leveraging the virality of the real more, and people don't actually realize that you're going to react to it until they've already watched it, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have we spoken about this before?
Michael: Not really, but is that for, is that for just, like, the other reactions, or, like, for the, like, workout ones as well?
Kyle Musca: Not Thank Um, you could try both. Just try both. Yeah. I was specifically talking about like gym reactions, but I think it would, same rule applies to the workout review.
Michael: Yeah, cool. I'll give that a go this week. Um, cause yeah, like that does make sense. Like what you said, I just find, I think, yeah, for the gym, like just the other gym videos, maybe like the ones that are like a little bit shorter, that'd be, that'd be pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Cause I, I was like looking at it and I was like, I think why it works for me is because people, like I've already established the, the brand identity. Like people will watch it because they enjoy watching my content. Whereas it's like, if they don't know you, like if I scroll and I see some random person waiting to react, like, unless there's something about it, I'll probably like skip it.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like you don't like, wouldn't even give them a chance type thing. Whereas like if you leverage the virality, you get a longer watch time. And then if you have a strong hook and stuff, it can be like. Engage them quickly.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. I think I'll look to edit. I think just edit it. I don't think schedule it as much, simply because from the research I've done, scheduling is not meant to hinder growth. But like every time I see people schedule it, it definitely hinders growth. So I think just, yeah, make it edit it. But like at that point, you can just do two or three taps and it's posted.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. think, yeah, like I get, after I film it all, I'm like, okay,  this. Like, I'll  edit it later. And then I like think about like doing a different kind of video and I'm like, hang on, , I need to edit this one first. And then I just sit there and I'm like playing around with it all. And then by then it's like, I don't even end up doing the other one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I wouldn't edit it after you film it. I would batch film because you can get into a flow and you can get into a rhythm. Yeah, yeah. And then like maybe you set some time aside sometime else to edit. For me, I'm not going to lie. I'm pretty lazy. I'll like edit it right before I post it.
Michael: Yeah, like I normally do. Like I have been batch filming. That's been actually really good. I think like my first one, first one or two are typically like a bit like shitter and then they get pretty decent by the end. And then I think, yeah, we'll just do that and then set this up like a different time to edit all of them as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then obviously this is just like personal preference and everything, but I like to get highly caffeinated when I do it. Just because, you you don't want to be  like boring and like the juices just aren't flowing to, you know, be creative with what you're saying. Yeah. So, yeah. Cool. Implemented the hat trick. Like, who did you do them with specifically? Just leads?
Michael: Just like, just like more like the past class. Clients, I actually need to text this guy back after this who responded. But yeah, it's like past clients that I have had. So I'll get that guy on as well. I'll have a chat with him after. But yeah, we'll send out a few more of them today as well. Because I did them like back end of like yesterday in the evening.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, don't be afraid to follow up with them as well. Realistically, I would do a minimum of like three short-term follow-ups. So like ideally, it's meant to be, if you've got setters in this, it's a lot more difficult doing it yourself. But it's like one hour after, three hours after. You could do 12 hours after and then 24 hours after if you wanted to.
Michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And realistically, how that goes is you never want to seem like chasing. You don't want to say like, bro, just following up on this, et cetera, et cetera. Let me – I wonder if I can pull up one of my setters. He's followed up recently. Let me quickly see, see if it's worth the time. Yeah, so something like this. Yeah, cool. So, like, not Haber just following up. He didn't reply. So, you can see two hours after that, Haber, you still there? A day after that, hey, brother, you still keen to see if we can come up with a game plan? After that, yeah, we haven't heard back. So, it seems like. So, when you say it seems like, it's called a label. So, one, adding the word seems softens the blow. So, you can say things without offending people. So, if I was like, haven't heard back, so you're clearly not interested. I'll speak with the wrong way. If you say, seems like, one, it doesn't offend them, but it also gives them the opportunity to correct you, right? So they can be like, oh, no, it's not that, I've just been, like, really busy with work, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But it seems like you're no longer interested in sussing out how I could potentially help you. No stress if you've been caught up, but let me know either way. Yeah. And then after that, I won't follow up after that because you can if you really wanted to. But I don't want to, like, kind of ruin it because I know that I'll be doing a magic hat where eventually I'll message this guy, like, hey, you won $500.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But there is a lot of money in follow-up loan. Yeah. a lot of people don't follow up and they don't want to feel annoying and stuff. And there's a way, obviously, you can obviously become annoying and you've got to do it right, but it's about finding that balance.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Uh, overall engagement was a bit lower this week compared to previous weeks. So one, I think that's probably just like sparing too much of the same content, if that makes sense. Yeah. Um, I also like to suck at coming ideas for story sequences, right? Both regular CTAs and lead magnets. Okay. So there's a few different ways to go over there. This one is, um, finding obviously people that just do it and like watching stuff that they do. Um, that's a little bit easier said than done. you don't know where to find them, the other one is, do you have like a ChatGPT pro?
Michael: What's that?
Kyle Musca: You know, ChatGPT?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you have the paid version?
Michael: Like the $20 a month one? Oh yeah, I do have that.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. Have you used deep research?
Michael: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Have you created a project before?
Michael: uh I know. I don't believe so.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So basically, projects just allow you gear a chat GPT for one specific purpose. So for my video ad scripting, for example, I've got all these different documents in here explaining how it should basically respond to what I'm inputting it. So what I'm doing here, and the way I do this is I do deep research to get it really understanding specific things. like, for example, I call them mega guides, copywriting mega guide. So basically, how I get a mega guide is I go into a new chat, I do deep research. Now, what deep research is, is you give it a really strong prompt, and then it will go away and it search all the available sources it can find. On how to do that one specific task, and then it will give you your big  off document that explains that. So. Copywriting Maker Guide, for example, right? And then, like, this is literally just what it gave me, and I just copied it straight into a document.
Michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So it goes and, like, scours the web on, like, how to do everything. Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you can give it, like, if you were to do, for example, I've got e-book ones where I've told it to nutrition for health, fat loss, muscle gain, and performance. And I told it to only do research on, like, evidence-based things with, like, actual research and everything behind it. So you could theoretically say only search for things on PubMed that are peer-reviewed studies or meta-analysis, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And it would only base its research on that. But essentially, what you would do is sometimes I will basically say, and sometimes I will write a prompt to give me a prompt. Okay. Sounds like I'm going to do a very basic one, but I want you to write me a master prompt that I can feed back into. So it goes and does deep research, but has a very clear objective. The goal I am trying is to get really good at posting story CTAs and getting max engagement. Yeah, cool. Ideally, I want storytelling across one, two, three stories, free to research and add in more if that's what you deem best. Again, this is just me rushing. All right. Don't copy master prompt. If you do that, it will write you another master prompt, and it's quite annoying. So you just copy off this. Yeah. Essentially, I want you to act as a world-class response strategist, storytelling expert, and Instagram growth specialist. Your objective is to conduct deep research, yadda, yadda, yadda, breakdown, what makes story CTAs convert best, the master storytelling framework, deep research on the performing of CTA work, high-converting CTAs, direct goals. So I've obviously programmed my chat GPT to give me more in-depth answers for stuff like that. Yeah. But I can give you something pretty decent. I would literally just copy that, add it into deep research, and then  send it. Oh, I've got unlimited, so I might as well just do it. It will ask you some questions to clarify. So I'll keep it on deep research and get rid of that. One, platform, IG, maybe. Two, target audience, men in their 30s, wanting to lose weight or build muscle. I would give it more detail there. Primary Objective, Generations, Convert to Sales. And then it will take about 20, 30 minutes, depending on how much research you need to do. Yeah, okay. But then it will spit you back at this. What you do is you just download that, come in to create a new project, add a file, and then you just drag it in.
Michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And basically what you can do from there... Yeah, I'd probably like add a few different ones, you know what mean? Like around that specific topic, but for example, then you create chats with a specific purpose. So, like, let's just do something that I've done quite well. So I've got this ad graphic one, right? And I've trained it really well in terms of how to do it, given all the research and everything. And I get pretty hectic with the prompts and  I give it, I'm not going to lie. But basically now I can just sort of, like, give it something and I'll, like, spit out exactly what I want to a really good degree.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yours would kind of be something similar, you know, story one, story two, story three. Yeah. And you might want to do, and basically what you would do at that point is, like, I want to do a story CTA. Yeah. Um, talking about how, uh, nutrition can, nutrition is the one thing that most guys neglect, but will make all the difference when it comes to building a gray physique.
Michael: You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then it'll spit out. Now, in saying that, ChatGPT is great if you can, like, you have to program it well. If you, if you just  go in and say it and it's got no knowledge to go off, it's going to give you a really  answer. And that's what most people do. You do have to create the project properly. And give it good, clear prompts. Again, sometimes if you want to ask it to write its own prompt, then by all means. Um, but even then, man, like, it will only do, it will do, like, 80% of the work for you, but you definitely should come in here and, like, reword it and, like, make your own humanized touch to it. It's great for a framework. Great for structure. Not great at adding that human creativity.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But again, you can, you can, and I have done this, get it to do deep research on how. How to Add Human Creativity.
Michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And usually, like, I've done it for, like, how to, you know, speak like a human. So my setters can feed things through ChatGPT, but it comes out really nice and personalized and human-like.
Michael: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Now, with, when you do do the, the workout reviews, man, I reckon I add the CTA on, of, instead of, like, DME for coaching, like, want a seven-day free, a seven-day custom-built program for free, DME, you know, whatever, and I'll build you one or something. So, instead of doing straight to the coaching inquiry, add a lead magnet CTA into that instead, if that makes sense.
Michael: Like, in the caption?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this works really well. Well, if you do it as a prompt, so it's actually on top of the comments, but if you go, and what I would do here is like, don't just add it in as like, like how I did it here, Don't just do this, DM me, I was lazy that day, right? Um, it doesn't really stand out. It's the only thing on there. So it's like, I guess that counts for something. Um, but like, if you're probably going to do it, like that stands out a lot more than that. Yeah.
Michael: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you might want to do something similar with the emojis to make it stand out. Want me to build you a free seven day program. Yeah. you know, DME, custom, uh, whatever the  the trigger word is. Uh, and then add some urgencies. Urgency. So urgency and scarcity are always really good, especially when it's like legitimate. So something like this. Entries close to 7th 20th and spots are limited. Uh, to. To just 30, so get in quick. Spots are extremely limited, get in quick, entries closed to 7.20. So adding that urgency to get them. Urgency and scarcity is the little driving factors that will cause people to take action, right? So what I mean by that is like, you know, I'm sure you've probably had an assignment where you've got 12 weeks to do it. You don't touch it until you've got 24 hours to do and then you  pull an all-nighter and you get it done.
Michael: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, Demi  custom, I'll be a seven-day custom program. First three people only.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Just, yeah, top of mind. Trying to get me all creative with it.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So in terms of, um, improving final retention over this period of time, I would run an internal challenge. So, uh, essentially. Actually. Okay. you kind of get guys to, you got to be real careful about the wording here, but you essentially get guys to like recommit to another like three months or something like that by entering into this internal challenge. So it's pretty easy to do. I would try, depending on how in depth you want to go about it, you can just say you're running an internal challenge and base it off adherence and everything like that and just pick a winner at the end of it based off who you think is going to win. The other option is, and again, you can kind of still do that to a degree, but I would really, if you're going to run an internal challenge, I would base it off adherence and how much they basically market your business. So you might do like, you know, 10 points or 50 points for a check-in, photo uploads, whatever the , but then like, you know, 50 points for if you share and tag me on your story, 100 points if you make a reel and tag me. You know, 10 points if you reshare one of my reels or something.
Michael: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because then basically everything, and the reason that works so well is because they're marketing your business. So if you've got, you know, 20 clients and they will have, you know, a thousand followers and they all do something, that's like 20,000 new people that you're able to engage with.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does it make sense?
Michael: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So, and then basically I would just like have a chat to them, like, again, because you're speaking to these guys. So personally, it works in your favor massively. But hey, man, like I'm thinking about running an internal New Year's challenge exclusive to guys that are currently on the team. Would you be interested in something like that? So you kind of just start the conversation. You don't just  blurt out everything that you're going to do then and there in one thing. Actually start the conversation about it. Be like, cool, man. So, yeah, essentially what I'm thinking of is we'll start January 10th or 12th or whatever you do. And we have three long. Month-long challenge, and the winner will get, you know, either a cash prize or, you know,  three months or six months of coaching or 12 months of coaching absolutely free. You know, ideally, you'd want someone to win it and announce it, but that's kind of up to you.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Does it make sense?
Michael: Yeah, and is that like a thing I'd talk to each person, like individually about?
Kyle Musca: Yes, ideally. The more personalization you can add, the better.
Michael: Yeah, easy as.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you could always try and like run a bit of a New Year's challenge as well, man. Just because like challenges are, again, adding a bit of urgency for people to take action on. Yeah. A good idea here, and you could kind of pair this with the magic hat, is you could say like, if you're going to market a New Year's challenge, maybe you could do a giveaway. Like, if you want to apply here, anyone that applies here will go into the draw to win access to the challenge absolutely free. So you're basically getting those leads and then you call those leads up whenever and you basically say like, man, you won second prize, won a 500-year-old voucher that you can put straight towards coaching.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Because like if they're opting into that, they are obviously somewhat keen to participate in a challenge. So, and then all you do there is you just inflate your prices. So it's like if you're doing it for 1280. Sweet man, so, you know, typically it would be 1780 for the entire challenge. But because, you know, with this coaching, you've actually applied, would bring it right down to just 1280, man.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? They feel like they've won something, you've anchored them higher, happy days, everybody wins.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: How do you follow up on leads that didn't reply? As I showed you before. Okay. Um, and then what I would do is like even start, um, like, and it might be something as simple as just creating a Google Sheetman, um, and like adding their name, their Instagram handle, uh, and then like, I guess when you've maybe contacted them, um, because then you can start getting a list together and then like, you know, maybe every three months or something like that, man, you can go through and just magic hat all those people.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. And then you just mark them as like, I did a magic hat here.
Michael: This is what it was. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, because you obviously don't want to every three months go in and be like, hey man, you randomly won $500. Um, that get, that cut into that pretty quickly.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, Batch edit my head talking videos and work our reactions just like a high batch record. Yep. Schedule I'm sucking essentially have them. Yeah. I just happen. really ready. As I said before, focus on your style of content. Yep. Need to incorporate more of myself, clients, into my vids. Probably need to rehash on this. Yeah. So what did you want to rehash there specifically?
Michael: Just like, like, I know we spoke about it last week. You kind of were just like going through like ways I could incorporate them into videos. Probably just like that mainly. Because, yeah, like, I don't know, even when I post like about myself, like, I posted a, um, , what's it called? Like a carousel on, or like three, four days ago. And like, that's like the best engagement I had all week. And it was just like me  training.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So carousels, carousels and reels are the best type of content, So I definitely get carousels up regularly. Um, so basically the best way I find to incorporate it in, you can literally just come up on my page and they, yeah. These are three-pin videos here. But essentially, you just talk about here's the topic, here's how I applied it to a client and their result. And then, yeah, that's pretty much how.
Michael: Have you seen these videos? Yeah, I actually did watch them. think I watched them like two weeks back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah, you start off by talking about a topic as you do. So, that's not good. You might be shadowed, man. Have you had any restrictions on your account?
Michael: I'm not too sure.
Kyle Musca: They don't put me up there. Thank you. That is also not good. Sage also has that at the moment.
Michael: Change.
Kyle Musca: When you click into your activity thing, does that show anything?
Michael: Into my activity?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it will show you, not activity, it would be like my status.
Michael: Oh, account status?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that one.
Michael: Nah, it just says, just have like green ticks on them all.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I don't think, I don't think it's a shadow ban thing. I just spoke, I literally just spoke to Sage about this. I think it's more of a search thing, but like a good way to just test this is like come into a video and then click insights. I And then just see if it's sharing to non-followers.
Michael: All right, I'll have a look. Yeah, like still, like majority of my views are from non-followers.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, then you can sweep that. It's just a search thing, which is annoying, but it's not the end of the word. So yeah, what I would do... is even something like this. Wait, but that's because, that's because when I go in, I destroy them, and so they're still recovering, and so I can only train them once a week. That is going be the single most  excuse I've ever heard in my life, because unless your legs are disproportionately large compared to your upper body, which I know is not the case for you, there is no reason why I should only be doing one leg day per week. And the reason your legs are still sore, five... Yeah, so you're there, and I'd be like, um, that's exactly what my client John thought. So... you. He came to me and he was only training legs once a week because he felt like he couldn't recover. When we broke it down, was doing way too much volume in one session, X, Y, Z. I don't know if that's the angle he came from, but like, does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Then we split his sessions up into two times a week, one which was quad dominant, one which was hamstring dominant. All of a sudden, he had no problem recovering and was actually easier to get legs in. Who would have thought?
Michael: He actually started enjoying training. Yeah. Yeah, no, that makes, that actually, that makes a whole more sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, you don't hate it, you just suck at training. Look, I'm sorry to be the one to call you out on this, but the only reason you hate training certain muscle groups is because you're  at it. And then you get caught in a loop. You're  at it, so you train with less intensity because you hate it. And then you see less results, and then motivation goes down because you see less results. And then you hate training it even more. That's exactly what my client John was doing. He'd go into the gym, he'd train chest three times a week, skip legs, and when he saw no progress after a month. He just ended up quitting and that cycle just keep repeating the process. When we broke things down, we spread out, again, I feel like you get the point I'm saying. This is where he started. 12 weeks later, this is how he's looking.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, you can even do it from off the reaction videos, you know what I mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: 38 comments, . It's come to my...
Michael: What happened there?
Kyle Musca: arguing in the comments. That's, yeah, that's what you want. That's what you want.
Michael: Bro told me that if you spam Stam Master, you'll grow massive quads.
Kyle Musca: Oh, this guy?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't know. You can usually take a quick look at their profile and understand. Um, yeah, it's pretty, it's like as simple as that. It's exactly what you're doing. You're just like, and again, I think this is probably a good test for you because it will be like, it will have to cut off you explaining it more and just showing how it practically applies.
Michael: I'll have to know it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, I'll bang that out today.
Kyle Musca: And then did you, did you say you were  at coming up with new ideas for content?
Michael: Um, oh, like sometimes.
Kyle Musca: Are you coming in and having a look at other creators?
Michael: Yeah, like that's what I have been doing. I just see like what other people talk about it and I just  talk about the same thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Um, no, we're still doing the continuation filming.
Michael: Was this from before we had a chat last week? Yes, this is still batched.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, see. So, cool. Um, I was still doing the batch recording and recording in morning and scheduling. batch I still recording. doing doing Evening, yep. Continuous coaching, yep. Yeah, so this, that was funny when I read it, essentially meant like this is, give me a bit of like a learning curve, I guess. So when it comes to, you know, building business and everything, you're going to have a lot of different fires, as I said in the past. It's just like, focus your attention on like, what is the biggest domino right now? Let's just funnel all our attention into solving that one domino and then let's move on. Unless something else is like absolutely a problem and it's going to  tank your business, it doesn't really need the time of day, if that makes sense. Yeah. And then what ends up happening is you just try and spread yourself way too thin and you never get anything done.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's just like, what is the big domino? Let's just focus on that. Right now it's, you know, refining content that we've spoken about and then getting these CTAs out and trialing these sort of like lead magnets and converting them.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Any. Any. Any clarification on that at all?
Michael: No, no.
Kyle Musca: And you'll feel, I'm sure you've probably felt it, I felt it, like you'll be doing a task and then something else will kind of pop up and distract you and then you'll start doing that and then something else will pop up and distract you, start doing that and then it's like, , I've just spent like an hour and done nothing. That's me terrifying. Yeah, so it's like, for example, responding to clients and stuff can usually be a big tendency of that. Like, if you're doing something, just don't reply. You know what mean? Like, , if you're filming content, don't reply to clients or anything. Just like, do that one thing.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah. Does it make sense?
Michael: Yeah. Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Very well spent when productive, which is good. Talking ads, would also protest being a bit stricter with my schedule on time. Yeah, so I mean, like... Man, you've got a lot of time on your hands that you can pump out some, like, you know, really good quality and quantity of content. Have you seen that Sean? Have we spoken about Sean's style of content?
Michael: I think we have before. Sean, what's his name on Insta?
Kyle Musca: Maybe it's just my thing's being  retarded. Unless everyone's shadow band. Yeah, this guy.
Michael: Have you seen this guy? Oh, yeah. I've seen him before, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I feel like you do good content like this. You know, the reaction videos you could do, they're a little bit harder in that style. But, you know, something like this. Getting in shape is not... And you don't even have to film it like this. How he's done with the full camera, even if you come to him and just get ideas for the talking head stuff.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Not what you think it is. It's not this flashy, hyped-up thing you see in all these dramatic, motivational reels. But one thing I do want you to take notice of is, like, his talking speed, and I know we spoke about this last week, versus, I'm not going to pull it up because it turns too slow, but, like, your talking speed, if that makes sense. And that's a big thing, like, it's a very overlooked thing, but, like, even when we go... Why is my thing just refusing to, like, bring up people? Even, you know, this guy's talking speed. I'm just going to pull it up. Allow me to remind you. Human beings will treat you definitely for  fat, okay? Man, that's a great hook to go away with and use on the talking head videos.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This is going to offend some people, but if you think that people aren't going to treat you differently because you're fat, you are delusional.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Don't get mad at me and take it up with God of the universe. Yeah. That's a good point. Cool, man.
Michael: Does that all make sense? Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. This week, man, I would love to see some, like, different style of content just because I think the video reacts are good, but, like, again, they have to be in, like, moderation. If they're just oversaturated, people won't watch them.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, let me know how you go over the next sort of 24 to 48 hours after you conversate with these people on the seven-day. next hours go hours after go from. Trial thing.
Michael: then let me know how many total you get as well. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Anything else you want to chat about at all?
Michael: No, not really. I think that's all pretty sweet. Yeah, it just mainly what I put into that form.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good. If you do have any questions or anything, man, just let me know. Or if you want me to review anything, just send it through. Otherwise, yeah, starting to convert on their sales, which is awesome. And if we just keep building from there, man, we should be golden.
Michael: Yeah, beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, bro. All right, I'll let you get back to it, man. And yeah, let's get after it. Easy, guys. Thank you, bro. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 42/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-10T23:59:06Z | id:107896535
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, how going?
emily paige: Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good, how's things?
emily paige: I'm so sorry about this morning, I literally completely forgot that I had booked to get this Implanon out.
Kyle Musca: No, you're good. Yeah, turned out my 9am call there, I had to reschedule it on there, so it works out fine.
emily paige: Okay, okay, good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, well, we'll rip right into things. I don't think there's going to be a massive amount to cover, just more so executing on what we're already doing. You were chatting to that coach today, hey, you haven't had a chat with her yet?
emily paige: No, I haven't had a chat with her, so she's got no idea that I want her to come on, but pretty much, like, I've got no idea the process of what I should say to her, like, how it kind of looks. I've never hired anyone, so that's kind of the main thing that I want us to sort of go over.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, perfect. So, have you, you said her energy and everything was really good. you. you. don't know. Have you already, like, spoken to her partially or, like, is that just going on for her Instagram or something?
emily paige: No, no, I've already jumped on a call with her. So I had a call with three girls because I got so many, like, so many people signing that, like, application going through it. But a lot of them were, like, 20, someone 19, and I just kind of, like, immediately crossed them out. was like, nah, I want someone who's at least, like, 21. And she's really good. So she does bodybuilding as well. So I've met her already. She did the same show as me. And she used to be a face-to-face coach. She's already got her Cert 3 and 4. She's literally been to uni for a bunch of stuff, did neuroscience. But she's never done, or she hasn't done online coaching in a year or two because she decided to do some behavioral thing in Perth. Anyway, her partner lives in the Gold Coast. So it actually works so well because she's not doing her own online coaching. But she – I asked her so many questions. I got ChatGPT to, like Like, write out a bunch of questions to ask her, and even based on, like, the thing that you sent me through. And she sounds so smart. Like, she definitely knows a lot more than I do, even. So I was like, wow, okay, she's someone that I'd want to get on. And because she works with kids and does all that behavior stuff and mental side of things, she's got the empathy as well, which is really good, especially working with girls. And she's bubbly, and she's got the physique. So I'm like, this girl's literally perfect. And the other two were, I don't know if they were nervous, one of them seemed like more of a fan than anything. just, yeah, that was a little bit weird. And then the other one, yeah, she was nervous and kind of just kept going, oh, like, I don't really know. I was like, okay, you don't sound confident at all. So, yeah, I'm going to text her today and try to organize another call with her and ideally get her on. But I think she's perfect because it doesn't seem like she wants to do her own thing. And thinking about getting back in touch. Online coaching because she really misses it, but she obviously doesn't have the clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, fantastic. Yeah, that's from everything you've told me, she sounds super ideal. What were the main things you wanted to chat to her today about, like just so I'm aware?
emily paige: Just getting her on like as soon as possible because I've got so many girls now on the wait list and it just keeps growing. Like I think we're at 90 now, so I'm like ideally, you know, and these are all fresh people, so I'm like if I can get them on as soon as possible because I don't want to leave them on a wait list for so long and then they kind of get to a point where they're forgetting about it, you know. So I think that we'll be able to cap her out reasonably quickly and then I'll need to bring someone else on hopefully even like in January, you know what I mean? If it keeps going at this rate and yeah, so I just want to know what to say to her, how to kind of go about it. Like what?
Kyle Musca: Whatever I need to know. Yeah. So is she aware of pricing and everything like that?
emily paige: She's happy with payment and everything? I didn't really like go over that with her too specifically. I kind of just said to her like the whole goal is that like you grow with the business. So the more money that comes into the business, the more money like you're going to be making, you know what I mean? So trying to kind of give her that incentive of wanting to grow with the business and she seems super keen on it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, that's those kinds of things. Like so employees will usually be more incentivized from like appreciation and opportunity for growth than they will just financial. Like financial can, you know, definitely help and there's definitely, you know, merits for it. But if she knows that she's got like a lot of opportunity to grow, that should be a good driving factor for her. So one thing is like when you talk about the payments, again, just say like this is what it's going to start at. But the idea is to continuously grow with time. Obviously, that's just an entry-level kind of like yada, yada, yada. And then also, like, I really want to make sure that, you know, you're wanting to grow into this team because, and, you know, no promises here. It's basically like say that. You don't even have to say that. But ideally, where I envision this to get to is we grow out the team, we get other coaches on, and then you kind of step into that real head coach where you kind of manage the entire, you know, internal team side of things, right? So she can, like, envision that. Yeah, perfect. Awesome. Then, like, in terms of setting her up, it's pretty easy, to be honest. So one is I would just make sure that you record, like, everything that you do. Like, anything that you're going to, like, teach her or show her, just make sure you do, like, a Loom recording or whatever you use to make sure that she can re-watch it back in her own time. And then what I would do is I would save those dues.
emily paige: use. Notion or anything like that? No.
Kyle Musca: So Notion's a really, really good tool. would really recommend getting it. Have you heard of it before?
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So I would definitely get it. It's just really, really good for that type of thing. And especially when you have a team, because like, for example, if you make a close, then you can add notes in there and then you can, one, she will be able to see the notes on the client, but then she'll be able to continuously add notes every single week and you'll be able to see that she's doing that. So if you ever need to talk to the client, you can go through there, you can quickly read through where she's at, what she's struggling with X, Y, Z. And you can also make sure that she's obviously doing her job as well. So I would set that standard from the start as well. So I'd definitely get Notion because it's a good sort of team communication thing. But then I would also, it's also great for, you know, creating like tabs, for example, where you might do, you know, basically any resource she would need. You can just go make it like when you do your recording, you just add the like Loom link. So it's like how to set up a client, how to change their, you know, whatever you do, if that makes sense.
emily paige: Okay. Yeah. Okay. I can film them all literally this morning. I just want to get that done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And even if you get on a call and just record it on Zoom, however you decide to do it, just ideally make sure it's recorded so she can reflect back on it. And then, yeah, the best way to go about it is literally just by, I mean, even if you can try and set up a client and then just run her through it step by step, actually with her on a call and show her and just record her and record it. So everything you do, just record it. And then just think of like the main things that you need her to do just to get started, essentially. And then don't like try and overcomplicate it. Like if you need to add things in, then like it's pretty easy to add things in.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And also important to like, you're not trying to overcomplicate it because then she'll feel really overwhelmed.
emily paige: It's just like, Yeah, I said to her, like, in terms of the payment side of things, like, I mean, with the starting on the trial period, I said the trial period, obviously, how I'm doing it, because I'm already charging that $3,500 for six months, like the main package, but with Loom videos. So instead of doing $17.50 or $22.50, I just said $20, like $20 per client to start off with, because, like, you know, and then once I obviously feel like she's super confident with everything, she's enjoying it, I'm not really having to check over what she's doing or anything like that, that's when she'll get, obviously, paid, like, normal pricing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
emily paige: How do you work your way up with that as well?
Kyle Musca: That's something I was going to ask. So, it's like, you just said about, like, time increments or performance increments, it's like, ideally, I'd probably wait three months before giving her a bit of a pay increase, like, get her to settle into the role, everything like that, but if she's absolutely killing it, she's showing incentive. And she's showing that, you know, she is going above and beyond and be like, you know, make that known. I was going to wait till three months, but like, you know, you're, you're absolutely killing it. of having on the team. I'm happy, you know, to, to bump, bump things up now for you.
emily paige: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And also make sure you explain it to like, ideally, like I want to get you to probably like, probably like a very base level of 60 clients should be pretty easy to manage. Um, ideally I'll probably want to get you to around that 80 client mark. And, you know, when we're on like, um, which should, you should be essentially getting over two grand a week.
emily paige: Hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's, that's definitely something that I need to say to her.
Kyle Musca: Cause that sounds really good.
emily paige: So I'll say we're at the call now anyways, like, cause I'll have a call with her this afternoon.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, I pay like my head coach now, um, he handles like easily 80 clients easily. He, he still wants more. Um, and he's getting paid over. Like two and a half grand plus everything. So it's like, it's very manageable for them to get to. They'll have some like, kind of kickback and say like, oh, not kickback, but like, they'll be like, oh, I think, you know, I'll manage 60. And that's absolutely fine to begin with. Once they get to 60, because it's the only job they're doing, they'll very quickly realize that they can handle more.
emily paige: And even I can say that to her, like we can start off, because it's going to be one of those things where it's working out slowly. I said that to her, I was like, I'm going to be starting to take calls. And it's obviously when I close them, I'll pass them on to her. So it's not like she's going from zero to a hundred straight away, take you on 60. But I'll also say to her, because she doesn't have to worry about the marketing side of things. She doesn't have to worry about the client calls and like the consult calls, whatever, that she should be able to take on more than she'd probably expect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just like, and, and, and like make it known to her, but also just to really clearly set the standard from the start is. You only want her in that coaching position. Like, don't get her doing other tasks in the business because then she starts to see how, you know, the back end of the business actually starts to run and operate. And if you start to give her too many tasks, it's very easy for them to get the mindset of like,  it, I'll just go do this myself.
emily paige: Right. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like all your job is is just coaching. just make sure you're being the best coach you possibly can be and delivering the best quality of service.
emily paige: I'll take care of all the  jobs. Mm. And then I'll say, yeah, then once we get some more coaches, then that's when she can start becoming like head coach and managing all of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. That will be for a while.
emily paige: But at least then she can kind of see the vision that there's growth to be made.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. That would, you'd probably only need like after three coaches, three or four coaches, that's when we need a position of like a manager. So. So. So. Like if we even want to get it to that point, because there's a fair few moving parts, but we, again, same as taking on clients, we can just like, if we want to keep pushing, we can keep pushing.
emily paige: Yeah. No, definitely I want to get to that. Like, I just want to expand it as much as possible.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. At that point, like, you should be super hands-off. Like the business should run without you completely.
emily paige: I mean, it's like when you put into perspective the fact that I've got 90 on the wait list and I only just posted on my story twice and it's all been organic. Like, if we had to run ads, I don't think we'd have too much of an issue to be able to build up to that.
Kyle Musca: No, not at all. Not at all. It's like, I don't think we'll struggle with growth at all. One thing I would say is, like, to not grow too fast too quickly, if that makes sense. Yeah. Because then it starts to get, like, overwhelming pretty quickly. But... It works. It's kind of a win-win situation with that because it's like you also, by not growing too fast too quickly, you also keep the scarcity really high the entire way.
emily paige: Which is, yeah, I think what's happening now because I've got even so many DMs of girls like asking about the coaching and saying that they've just joined the waitlist, but they want to, they really want to get on telling me all this like sob stories. I'm like, wow, okay, they're really keen, which is great. So it's actually like really good.
Kyle Musca: Well, essentially, like if you do this really, really well, what you could do is basically like a larger version of what we're doing now. So it's like we say that, you know, we're full, we get to the capacity level we're at. We're full, we're full, we're full. Hey, I'm running this challenge. And then like, you know, 200 girls sign up or 100 girls sign up or something like that. Fills the coach back up plus the new coach. We're full, we're full, we're full. And then repeat the process.
emily paige: Okay. Yeah. See, that could even be something that we do. Maybe like. We want to do that in January anyways, kind of.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
emily paige: That good to do in Yeah.
Kyle Musca: mean, you've got plenty here. Depending on how many of those 90 convert, have you gone through them and seen how, like, qualified those ones are?
emily paige: Well, yeah, because it's the same thing as you. So if they aren't working or if they're, you know, they don't even get to it. So I've had a lot of girls go into the app. So these are just the ones that are actually working full-time and, like, you know, qualified. To actually apply.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. That's sick.
emily paige: Which is, like, insane. Because I'm looking at the link clicks. I'm like, there's so many link clicks.
Kyle Musca: And then I realized, okay, a lot of them have probably joined up on the app. Have you checked if you've got a lot of sign-ups on the low ticket?
emily paige: Well, yeah, because I got my pay and it was up quite a bit. So I was like, oh, okay. It's pretty good.
Kyle Musca: I would check on the actual number of that. Do you run that through Stripe or Nui?
emily paige: Stripe. I don't really check it at this point.
Kyle Musca: I should probably get more onto checking that. Yeah, Stripe's pretty, pretty simple. Like, just to check that, for example, I'm just going to make customers, do you know how to, you know how to do this?
emily paige: Yeah, I know, I know how to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I just have, like, a general overview of just, like, these $19 ones, just to.
emily paige: Just so that you can see.
Kyle Musca: Just to see if there's heaps of people signing up. I haven't pushed it as hard as you have there, but, yeah, it'd be interesting to see. Because, again, if you can get 100 girls on that, at even $19, what are you charging for that low one?
emily paige: I think it's, like, yeah, $19 weekly, but then there's also quarterly and yearly. And some girls do end up doing the yearly, which is crazy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, on average, like, let's just say it's weekly. Like, again, if you can get 100 girls, which I think would be very easy for you, that's $2,000 a week, almost.
emily paige: Completely passive.
Kyle Musca: If push the app, like, at all. Yeah, well, that's a good thing. That's the good thing about conditional logic is you kind of just like mark it and then they just go wherever they want, wherever it's their best. But okay, perfect. Do you have any questions on any of that, like stuff with the coach?
emily paige: Not really. It's just mainly kind of like if she goes, when can I get started? Should I say to her?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, ASAP. I'll get you up and running. Like if you're going to chat with her today, I would have a taking on clients like no later than Monday. Like I would start to say like I want you to be fully set up, make sure you're fully versed with everything over the weekend and then I'm going to start giving you clients Monday.
emily paige: Okay, so then I need to probably talk to Clemé. How do I go? Does Clemé have access to the jot form or should I be like sending her over that jot form so she can see? But they're all phone numbers.
Kyle Musca: There's no Instagram handles. Do you have go high level at all?
emily paige: No.
Kyle Musca: No. Okay, so this is where something like go high level would be clutch. Honestly, the best way you're going to do that, and this is a little bit annoying for now, would be you just handling yourself and just giving a real quick five-minute call and just self-setting.
emily paige: Yeah, because there's also some girls, because it was really interesting, there's like someone in Mexico and like a lot of like US, US is quite popular. So even with that, I can get them on WhatsApp, I guess, and just like send them a message on there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, try WhatsApp them. Careful of those like lower, like the lower funded countries like Mexico and stuff like that, they might not, you know, have a problem with it. Yeah, that's something we should definitely look at setting up though for you, is something like go high level, just because it's like an all-in-one system. Yeah. So, for example, well, yeah, I come to here. So, for example, you could download that entire sort of CSV from JotForm and then create a list on it, and then you can just, like, mass SMS them all at once, and then Kliné could come in there and, you know, reply and book them in like how she normally would.
emily paige: Oh. But it's just run through messages.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, this is also good when you have, like, closers or anyone or setters, for example, because you can come into someone like, you know, Greg here. Yeah, we have his number. Fantastic. So, I can send him an SMS, I can send him a WhatsApp, I send him an email, or I can send him a message through Instagram all through here.
emily paige: Oh, my gosh.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, it's like an all-in-one system. You can also book in all your calls through... So you don't have to have Calendly or anything like that. You can set up all your automations and stuff. So, like, for example, if someone's booked a call, you can send them the SMS and email confirmation 24 hours out the morning of, two hours before, et cetera, et cetera. Yeah, so it's pretty cool. It's just an all-in-one system.
emily paige: Oh, my gosh. That would make life so much easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that'll be our next. That'll be our next step for you. So ideally what I think would be the best route would be getting this coach filled up completely from what we're already doing, just the direct marketing stuff. And then what I reckon we do is once you've got that at capacity and we've got a little bit more time at hand, we'll go however before that, but that's when we'll focus on building out just the setup of the system so you can do all this stuff properly. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All Because then you can start building your emailing list and everything like that, which is great for, it's just a really cost-effective, it's a really cost-effective way to, you know, communicate with all your audience. You can market really well off it because we can upload, if it gets big enough, which I think it easily will, we can upload that into Meta and we can go say, go find more people similar to this. And then we can, it's also a direct line to your audience. So, for example, if Instagram were to completely change their algorithm overnight and then all of a sudden your content that has been getting insane reach no longer is effective, then, or let's just say your account gets deleted, whatever the case may be, right, that would completely  your business. Whereas, like, if you've got them on an emailing list, you can still directly communicate and it doesn't, there's no algorithm change or anything like that. It's just a straight email.
emily paige: Oh, yeah, okay. So, it's kind of just like that safety blanket.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like a longer-term play, but like, again, with your audience, like, you wouldn't have any issue at all building out quite a large, you know, like, emailing list.
emily paige: No, 100%. So even all the people that I have now that have put in their emails, I can add them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, and then that just, and again, this is why it's good to have it in Kohala, because every time you basically do any of that, like, it just records all of it in one place, just in the background.
emily paige: Oh my gosh, that's so ideal. Like, hey, I need to set that up, like, straight after our call. I think the main thing I need to do is I need to set that up, and then I need to just start filming heaps of loom videos for her. Like, because I can even go through me doing one of the check-ins and explain, like, how I do the check-ins, how I make changes to the meal plan, whatever it may be, like, even with the training programs and things like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I wouldn't worry about go high level just yet. Because that's, like, we'll convert it over there and everything like that. But I think main order of portions, yeah, focus on getting those videos recorded for the coach. And again, break them down into, you know, how to change meal plan. That's one video. How to set a client up. That's one video. So break it down. Don't try and, like, cram everything all in one.
emily paige: Just, like, the video. And then even maybe, like, later on today, I can start messaging all the people on the waitlist. And try to start booking calls even for tomorrow, Saturday, and Sunday. don't really care if I get calls on Sunday. But that way, at least, we can start filling her up to start on Monday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, realistically, whenever you book the calls is when she should be ready to take the client. So if you book it on Saturday, she should be ready to take it on board the client for Saturday. I mean, worst comes to worst, like, as long as she's got the account set up and you can give. If heard the client, because then it's like, if you do sign a client, you can either record how to set that client up in Loom, or again, you can jump on a call with her and actually run through it with her and just record that call.
emily paige: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: But just making sure she's actually ready to take the client in the system.
emily paige: Yeah, I think it'll be easier to do it just through like those Loom videos so that it's always there. And then send it up to her even like today. Yeah, okay, that's what I'll do. And then figure out what day she's free, start making sure that all the check-ins are on that day, and then fill that day up, and then start going on other days as well with the check-ins.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then I would create, do you use job form for your check-ins? No, I don't.
emily paige: Yeah, yeah, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
emily paige: I was going to ask as well is like, obviously, do you get your coaches to sign?
Kyle Musca: Yes. Yes, yes, yes. So, let me grab that for you.
emily paige: Yeah, let's play something important.
Kyle Musca: So, here's the employee contract. Do you have, like, a sort of onboarding process with your coaches? In terms of with a client or the actual just coach in general?
emily paige: The coach.
Kyle Musca: It's a pretty easy process. Like, in terms of just create SOP, SOPs, standard orders of operations. So, operating procedures, sorry. So, as long as she knows, basically just think of, like, sit down and think about, like, how do you manage a client? How do you set up a client and all the tasks that you need to do for the client? Just the core ones. Again, no need to overcomplicate it. coursework. coursework. confused. and loot. But I do that that I'm And just film those and then just create an SOP sort of, again, like tab on Notion. This is, I would, I always tell people to get Notion and they often don't. I would highly, highly recommend doing it because, have you seen what it actually looks like?
emily paige: I've shown you before.
Kyle Musca: No. So it's just like notes, but it actually reminds you. So for example, you can see, so you see here where it's blue and then you see it's red.
emily paige: So blue is like, it's an upcoming task, whereas red it's, you know.
Kyle Musca: So it's expired. And then when it's like the day of, whenever I've made that reminder, it will like ping me here so I can easily like do things with like, and stay on top of things. So really good for admin, for one. So like billing notes, for example. Billing notes, for example, I can like, if I ever need to follow up someone's payment or whatever the case may be, it's all here. So nothing gets missed. Programming notes, my good job. Those aren't super fantastic with this, but I'm trust them enough. Again, this is why I would set the standard from the start because I kind of didn't really do that. So they never really followed through with it. But like, for example, it's like, you know, initial notes. So if go right down the bottom here, when a close is made, this is the note my close it gives them. So when the coach is getting on the call with them, they know exactly what their goals are, what their struggles are. You he mentioned disappointment, embarrassment about his current physique. Yeah. Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
emily paige: So then it pain points, everything like that. Yeah, because through Kahuna's, there's obviously that initial questionnaire. So I'd be giving her that as well. But then I guess on the phone call, you do get a lot deeper with them. So it's good to have it all there.
Kyle Musca: Well, this is like a recap. We can get into this. I've actually got the Zapier guy that can set this up. But essentially, like, you know, when you jump on a call with the girl, it will take all the notes in the background. Okay. And then, like, this is all the notes that were actually spoken about on the call with the client and the closer. So it's just a real clear depiction of, like, what exactly was spoken about. So the coach has a lot of context going into the onboarding call.
emily paige: Right.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah.
emily paige: So does that do it automatically?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mine does. There's different ways you can do about it, go about it. But, for example, like this call right now, it's being auto-recorded. Yeah, I can see that. Yeah, so I've got the guy that can set this up. It's pretty easy. But, for example, like the recaps, for example, I send, it just automatically sends me this afterwards, and I can just send that off to the client.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and again, that might be something that you even want to add in to the coaching services. You might want to link this to, you know, something like Loom or, again, if it is a Zoom call, same concept, where when the coach does jump on, With the client, it's a part of their role to go send these recaps out to each individual client afterwards. So it's like, not only do they get a Loom check-in, it's like, here's all the things we need to focus on.
emily paige: That good. Yeah, that would be so good to do. Because I already do that, like I do my own notes after sending a Loom, but it's obviously a bit tedious.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean, because Loom, I'm pretty sure transcribes the video now as well.
emily paige: So it should be absolutely fine. ChatGPT and be like, make this notes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so essentially, yeah, you can do that. This essentially just does that automatically. So it runs it through ChatGPT and then sends me this.
emily paige: Wow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, you can set that up. It's like $50 or something to get the guy to set it up.
emily paige: You can send me his details if you want. Like a one-time $50 payment?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, you just need Zapier and then he'll...
emily paige: We'll set it up. Okay, yeah. If you can just tell me what I need to do and then I'll message him. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
emily paige: Maybe, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, I'll get Notion. Yeah, but Notion's really good for, again, as I mentioned, we'll definitely get you an operations manager, especially with invoices and stuff like that. So, you know, so again, when you create, bring the coach on board, I would create a tab here. You can create tabs and it would just be like coaching SOPs or something like that, whatever you want to call it. And then you would just like, every time you make a new video, you would basically, I separated by door points, you know, how to change meal plan, how to set up a client, how to onboard a client, how to do a check-in.
emily paige: You know what I mean? Like, you would just have different tabs. Like what to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Super easily accessible. Super And then like, so for example, for my operations manager, these are all her tasks every single week. So she... You know, is to do, you know, CEO dashboard, failed payment sheets, weekly active clients, which is how you'll basically invoice your coach. So that's super important. Active clients there, et cetera, et cetera, and then monthly tasks. I've also got her to do like failed payment, automatic follow-ups and everything like that because that's super tedious. So she does it automatically.
emily paige: Oh my gosh, I need all of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so when you get an operations manager, I can just send you this tab and then you'll have, should we have to go like completely duplicate all these templates? And then if she'll probably need training on some things, I can just get her on with my operations manager and she'll just like run her through how to do, or him through how to do things.
emily paige: Could I, like, do you know anyone that's a good operations manager?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you just outsource these. so there's two ways you can do it. I find Upwork is the best for this type of work.
emily paige: Yeah. Yeah, I remember you showing me this like a while ago, but now I actually need to like get that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so Upwork, basically you just put the, so you just go hire talent, post a job. And then what I usually do is I write in ChatGPT what it is, like I'm looking for an operations manager to do sort of data entry, you know, invoicing, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So let me know if you need handwriting that and I can give you like notes or just do it by myself and then send it through. But let's say you go long-term projects, I need, I'm looking for an operations manager to help me X, Y, Z, and then it will do the job proposal. You should get heaps of inquiries for something like that and then people will apply. So if I go job posts and proposals, I don't know if I have any at the moment. yeah, so just to show you on the back end, like once it's actually active, people will. Apply with their hourly rate, their cover letter, their job success, everything like that.
emily paige: Right. Well, yeah, if you could send me through one, like, from ChatGPT or something, and I can just copy and paste it in there and then get that going. Is there any, like, particular thing that you look out for when you're hiring them?
Kyle Musca: What I would do is, like, I message, I go through and I message, like, three to five of the best-looking ones. Like, obviously, $99 an hour, like, I'm not messaging that guy. Yes. Usually, I'll avoid, yeah, usually I'll avoid, like, people in Western countries. I'll try and go for India, you know, Pakistan. Philippines are really good for this type of work. If you can find them. So that's one option. Now, this requires a little bit more, I haven't hired anyone from Nigeria, but that seems to be another popular place. That's one option to find them. And this is... We'll probably get a better rate. Like for me, for example, I pay my operations manager $5 an hour, $5 USD an hour. So it's like well worth it.
emily paige: Do have any friends? And they usually be like, I can ask her. Yeah, if she does, I mean, then at least we know that she's like legit. If she's got someone, that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's one option. The other option is you can go through an agency. I do have an agency that will do it. For you. The thing here is they usually charge a little bit more. think through me, it's like 14 or 15 Australian dollars an hour. But the trade-off here is that they source the operations manager VA for you. They make sure that they're highly qualified and educated. And they also do like performance reviews and everything like that. And then they'll give you a list and you can like actually jump on a call, interview them to pick the right one that's best suited for you.
emily paige: Oh, okay. I don't know. Like, do you think that's needed?
Kyle Musca: It just depends on you, really. Like, I mean, if you really want to make the best, I would just go down both routes and I'll, you know, you can interview them and have a chat with him. And then you can interview and have a chat with these people and just see who you find best.
emily paige: Okay. Yeah. I might try this Upwork first. And if I'm, like, not having any luck with that, then try out that other one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Let me know if you need that. And then, so they do, like, operations management and stuff, but you can also get VAs and stuff in there as well. But, like, I still work with Clamate because, like, Clamate does really well for mine. So it's like, it's not broken. You might as well not fix it. But Clamate works out to be more affordable if you're not doing crazy, crazy volumes. If you're doing crazy, crazy volumes, then they just do an hourly rate with no commissions of, like, 14, 15. So I think I did the math on it. think it's Like, if you're doing over, like, if you're paying Clemé over, like, five grand a month, then it's more effective to go down that route.
emily paige: Does Clemé do more than just the messaging?
Kyle Musca: No, no. But the agency that I have will do, like, they'll find a VA for just setting and stuff, or they can find, like, VAs for, like, operations managers and stuff.
emily paige: So they source it for you. Maybe I should do that then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Completely up to you. You can definitely find a good one on Upwork. It just requires you having to actually do the interviewing and sourcing yourself.
emily paige: Yeah, it might be just more beneficial at the moment to do it through that agency. Because especially if you're looking for a virtual assistant as well as an operations manager, do you recommend that I should try to get both now or just first focus on operations Well, an operations manager is a virtual assistant. They're essentially the same thing. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this is him. Just so I sent you.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just so I sent you and he'll jump on a call with you and chat about what you want and everything like that.
emily paige: Okay, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah. Essentially, yeah. We've got a little bit of side tangent there. But yeah, I would create a tab for just SOPs for the coach and then give them team access and it should be pretty straightforward.
emily paige: Okay. Yeah. I think I'll try to get that done literally now to get it out of the way and start doing it because I got check-ins to do anyways. So it's perfect because I can just film them. And then or even I don't know if it's better to just not film an actual chat. Maybe I can do a demo as well as actually explaining it on a loom.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's what I would do. I'd have like check-in explanation. So for that, I'd be like, because I remember doing mine, I'd be like, usually I would come in. So first things first, come in a notion, read what the notes were from last week, because again, they should be making notes every single week. Read what the notes were from last week, read through their check-in form before you get started so you know everything. Then first thing I would go into is their food diary, make sure they're tracking their calories, everything like that. From there, I go into their weight. I like to talk about, you know, if we see weight spikes and then how that was a comparison to the food, like if they didn't track over the weekend and then we saw a weight spike, it's probably because they overrate. And that's why we need to be a little bit more accurate tracking through the week, weekend, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, whatever you say. From there, I'll go into the body composition progress photos. So it's like step one, step one, two, three, four, five, if that makes sense. And I'll just break it down super clear. So you might have one that's a break. Breakdown. And then, like, you have, you might have, like, real check and example under that.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's, yeah. Okay. That's what I'll do.
Kyle Musca: I'll film that. Yeah.
emily paige: Yeah. I need to get that notion set up. Like, that looks so clean. It just makes it so much easier to have everything in one spot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. This is really good. Also for the coach as well. Like, the last thing you want is your coach just trying to, like, remember to update certain things. Like, this makes sure that they don't just forget and it hasn't, it's not a memory thing.
emily paige: They have their inbox and tasks to do every single day. Okay. Yeah. I'll set that up now then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, Notion's, like, one of the sickest tools I've ever, like, I use.
emily paige: really like Notion. Yeah. I don't know how I haven't gone on to that.
Kyle Musca: Um, perfect. And then, yeah, any other questions on any of that stuff at all?
emily paige: No, it's mostly just like if you. You can send me through, like, the notes from the call so I can make sure to go over everything in terms of, like, you sent me through that contract, so I'll just change it up to send through to her. And then if there's anything else that I need to know when I get on a call with her, when I set her up. But I think you literally covered everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. With the contract, all you need to do is just copy everything, chuck it in chat, say, reword this with my coaching. Yeah. Or ask me what you need to reword this to my coaching, my branding.
emily paige: Okay. And then with the – no, because I'm just going to go through the agency. Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, that's all good. You don't have to go through the agency. You could definitely find – it would be more cost-effective to go through Upwork. It would just require a little bit more upfront work, and then you will have to, like, source them a little bit more yourself. So it depends. Both are great. It just depends on what you want to do.
emily paige: I feel like the agency, I'd just trust someone else to actually be able to find someone decent. I don't know. I think they'll obviously have a bit more experience with us.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they won't be crazy expensive to begin with. Like, I think I get mine to obviously do quite a bit of work now, and I just paid her, like, last month's invoice, and it was, like, $500 USD or something.
emily paige: Oh, that's so good. So similar to Klamay. But that's, like, yeah, but that's, like, I give her, like, real tedious stuff.
Kyle Musca: So, for example, like, you obviously want to make sure that you're only paying your coaches for actual active clients. So, like, every single week she comes through and updates this to make sure that all clients are active, they're all paying, et cetera, et et cetera.
emily paige: Because it's so much easier than having to look at new ones. And, like, figure it out yourself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, Nui's not great for, like, building a team.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's all right.
emily paige: Okay. Yeah, perfect. That's what I'll do then. I'll, first and foremost, set up Notion, get those Loom videos done, put them in there just so that, obviously, when I get her set up, I want everything to already be ready and clean and organized. And then, I don't think it's, like, that much of a rush to get, obviously, like, a VA or anything just yet. I think the main focus is to get her set up and start booking those calls and messaging people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, so that's the most important. She needs to be able to take clients by pretty much the end of the week or, like, I mean, all that needs to happen for that is, like, you just need to set her up in your system so you can actually give her a client. Yeah. So, like, that's very simple. It's process, but yeah, and then that's the first most important thing is setting her up properly, and then we can like look at getting a VA in pretty much straight after that, but again, that's pretty easy to do.
emily paige: Okay, yeah, I'm excited. Okay, got a lot to do this morning, so that's perfect. And then, yeah, I'll let you know how that call goes with her. She'll be good. I think she sounds really keen, like she was seeming really excited. So, and she's honestly, I was, it was my first call and she was perfect. Like everything that she said, she doesn't have her own business, but she loves like coaching. She's got good results when she was even doing face-to-face. She's got a lot of knowledge. So I'm like, wow, works out really well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a hundred percent. Yeah, she sounds really good. And then again, can't stress it up. Make sure to just set the standard like earlier.
emily paige: Yeah, no, I definitely will. make it known. Like, I just want you to focus on the coaching. I'll do it. Tedious stuff. Make it sound like my stuff is annoying to do so she doesn't feel like she's missing out on anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then try and like keep her away from finances and all that stuff as much as possible. And then also like make it known to her like I don't want to have to micromanage you. Like I want you to be self-sufficient. I want you to, you know, be able to make decisions on your own. But by all means, like if you are unsure on anything, like ask me as many questions as you need, especially at the start.
emily paige: Yeah. I said that about micromanaging. was like, yeah, I don't want to micromanage you. I want you to be able to kind of like do your own thing as long as you're getting it done. That's all that matters. But I'll definitely mention that like if she has any questions to ask.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then also just setting a check-in day for her to start. It's like build one day up to like I usually do about 20 and then two days and three days otherwise. Yeah.
emily paige: Don't want to be doing it over the whole week. Just want to get one day at a time. Okay. Well, I'm excited. Let me get all of that done. But at least now I know exactly what I need to do, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Awesome. And then, yeah, while you're doing that, you might want to just, yeah, start reaching out to those girls on that list and start getting them booked in.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'll start messaging them. That's something that I'll need to do, not really come in. And then, do you reckon, well, I first need to cover the wait list and then I can start maybe posting on my story, but I don't think I need to post anything on my story, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: You could just keep posting on the wait list, to be honest.
emily paige: Yeah, true. Maybe I should add something in that jot form with their Instagram handle.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That would also, yeah. Because then that way I can just send it through to Clemé and she can do it. Well, the issue with that is, like, if they're on, like, private or anything like that, if Clemé does, well, she doesn't have access to No, that won't work because she doesn't have access to your actual Instagram anyway, so she can't search and, like, write a new It has to be people that were already in, okay. Yeah, even if she could do that, it's more than likely just going to be, like, sent to their requests and they probably won't see it, like, in a timely manner.
emily paige: That's so true. Okay, well, then, yeah, I'll start just even sending them a message. I'll just copy and paste the same message to everyone, so it shouldn't take too long.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so you get into a groove. Yeah, it doesn't take very long at all. And, again, if you're reaching out to them personally, it's a real personal every step, so they should increase conversion on that. So, again, just giving her the best opportunity to kind of fill up quickly, but not too quickly. Like, if you do your food at, like, at least five clients a week, it's, like, she'll be sweet.
emily paige: Okay, I'm excited. I want to do that. Yeah, I don't think there's anything really else. Like, if you can just send me through, like, the notes so that I have. Not everything, but I think that's pretty much everything that I needed this week.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect. On that very, very quickly, in the new year, because we'll probably run a new year's challenge, you might want to message, when you message these girls, you might want to say, like, I'm going to run a new year's challenge because you're on the wait list, you get first. And I'm only going to open it to, like, 30 girls. Because you're on the wait list, you get first priority. So it adds that extra level of urgency for them to, like, take it up.
emily paige: Oh, okay, yeah. But what do you mean by that, though? Because then they might think that they're just joining a challenge, not the one-to-one coaching.
Kyle Musca: You'll say it's, like, I'm limiting it. I'm limiting it because it's one-to-one. Because it's so personalized, I'm limiting it to just 30. And because you're on the wait list, you get first priority to, like, grab a spot.
emily paige: Okay, yeah, right. Okay, yeah, I can just put that into chat GPT. Like, I'll say I'm also running a challenge. in. and make it known that they'll be able to join that as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, because the challenge works well now because you'll run into the issue of girls being like, oh, I want to wait till the new year. But it's like, well, I'm running a challenge in the new year and I need people personalised. I need to have numbers sorted now so the programs are ready to start by January 12th or whenever you start.
emily paige: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's lagging a little bit.
emily paige: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Well, if you have any questions on it. Oh, that's okay. Yeah, if you have any questions on it, just let me know.
emily paige: Okay, perfect. Well, thank you so much. Yeah, if you could just send me through those notes and then, yeah, I'll let you know if anything pops up. But I think that was pretty much everything.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect. Cool. All I'll shoot that through shortly and then, yeah, keen to get us set up and we'll just keep pushing from there.
emily paige: Hey, perfect. Thank you so much, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Talk to you soon. No worries. Cheers. See ya.


>>> 43/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-11T00:58:21Z | id:107902669
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Torin McGlynn: I'm doing well, brother. How are you? I'm to add my Fathom thing to this.
Kyle Musca: Good. That's so good.
Torin McGlynn: How's Canada for you?
Kyle Musca: Good, man.
Torin McGlynn: He's a bit tired. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, that's pretty good. When do you come over here?
Torin McGlynn: I come over there on Tuesday next week. It's funny, I leave on the 16th, but I'm traveling for, like,  ages. And then I land on the 16th, too, which is interesting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's weird. I left at, like, we left at, like, 10 a.m. on Monday, and then we got here at, like, 6 a.m.
Torin McGlynn: on Monday. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's so strange. Yeah, yeah. It's like the biggest difference. One of the biggest differences from here to Canada.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it kind of, it works out to only be like a six-hour difference. Obviously, just a day difference, but it's not awful.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, because Canadian clients, I always have like a day extra to do their like onboardings, which is always nice. And same way you ask people, to be honest with you. But yeah, this week has been good. I've obviously been sick. Last week was like right off zero sales because I cancel all my sales calls. And then this week has just been picking it up again. I really quickly submitted the check-in. I was like literally pretty much just busy until now, really. But yeah, we've, like, obviously my cash collector's only like 5K, but I've contracted a good bit this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let me pull up the... Have you got the, is the coach, I guess it kind of works out kind of well. I mean, if you're going to cancel calls.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. It works out well because he's starting properly on Monday because he's on swing until then. And then I can get him up to, to scratch.
Kyle Musca: He's now got six clients. That's pretty good. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sick. How, um, how are you going with like the onboarding process with him? Is he like up to scratch and everything all happy there?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I think on Monday I'll do some, um, I made his client dashboard with the VA so I can see that he's like doing things that I can make sure that he's like sending like accountability texts and stuff. Um, and, um, I'm just going to help him out with the calendar as well. I'm going to send him up with an email with my domain so I can see that I can see his calendar I can link it to mine as well. And then I can also. So it just looks more professional, I think, like Christian at projecttransport.com or something.
Kyle Musca: Oh, can you hear me?
Torin McGlynn: I can hear you now. I can hear you now. I don't know what you heard last.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I heard what you said. What do you need him to have, like, his own domain for?
Torin McGlynn: Is it more so, like, check-ins and stuff, or? Really just for his calendar, I guess, like, staying up in, I don't know if it matters that much, really, but, like, just like a Christian at projecttransport.com, just for the calendar invites looks a little bit better.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, so for that, I mean, I mean, it doesn't make the world of a difference, but you can certainly add it in there if you'd like. Like, I'm pretty sure adding a user, like, domain and stuff through Microsoft or whoever you use for that. That domain hosting thing is not that difficult anyway. Yeah. The other thing is, if you want to see his calendar and everything like that, you might even, I you could run it through whatever emailing software you're but you could also do that through GoHighLevel if you want.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I did, I went on their little call to like walk me through it, which was good. So I understand how it works now. I just need to take the time to set up the email stuff. Um, I went through all my expenses with the VA and I think GoHighLevel would save me like at least like 300 a month for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, GoHighLevel. I mean, yes and no. Like if you start sending out texts and stuff, then you like get charges for that. So it's like there are additional charges on top of just the standard thing. But I mean, yeah, it's, it's pretty worth it. And again, even if it doesn't save you anything, but it's all in one system and everything's just smoothly in one place and it's like, it's whatever. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So the, the VA is all good. The coach is all.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, VA's great. He's just, like, he's done all the expenses, all the client management. He's even adding my clients into my OneFit app, which is so  handy because it's so tedious to do that. And yeah, he's great. He's great. I'm $200 a week. It's pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would, and you got him through Charles, hey?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: He's good. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. Awesome. So basically any job that you, is tedious for you to do, man, I would just offload it to him.
Torin McGlynn: And yeah, I've got him to, I got him to do all my recipes. Like I've got a list of all my recipes on a word now. Yeah. I suppose like, I don't really know how to, what I can do to make him more useful right now, but he's still doing all the like things that I don't want to do. Like the payment tracking, the, the failed payment tracking, stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean like, you can just add things. Yeah. As time goes on, and as long as he's doing the core stuff, then fantastic.
Torin McGlynn: Like, that's all you really need. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And he's good. He's super helpful. But yeah, VA is going well. Christian's going well. I just need to make sure that he knows, like, holding people accountable and stuff like that. But his tech so far and everything have been great. All his clients are really happy, but I've been pretty much coaching them so far. And then I got him three new clients this week with, like, got a Loom video on with a 20-year-old student. And then I got another 1K US a month one, which is a nice, that's a nice little recurring revenue. And then got another guy who just paid 1,000 Australian a month as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay, perfect. All right, cool. And same sort of funnel as usual, just coming through the lead magnet stuff?
Torin McGlynn: Same exact funnel, yes. Got a good few sales calls on the weekend. Now, got like... Kevin coming up. I also have someone that I think will buy from a sales call yesterday. He pretty much reached out and was like, I love what you're doing, but I know I don't need training. So I pitched him an idea with just nutrition only. And he said, can I pay monthly? And I think he will pay, to be honest, because he keeps on responding to my messages instantly. So hopefully that'll make my close rate then 80% for the week, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll see how it goes. I usually find the guys that say they don't need training.
Torin McGlynn: usually train like a bit of a retard. Yeah, yeah. He's probably doing like F45.
Kyle Musca: I think that's what he's doing. Yeah, yeah. Those guys. I mean, they're all right. But anyway. Cool, man. Again, I think you're... How's the story of yours been? Have they been all right?
Torin McGlynn: A bit different on the... I suppose different on the... Because I've followed the challenge thing, and I did the two little kind of teasers. And now I'll probably make the actual announcement in the Next, probably two hours today. They've been like 15K. Got 450 votes, actually, on one of the yeses of the challenge. It was annoying because I put up two polls because I'm new to this, and I needed to go through four different lists.
Kyle Musca: So it was really tedious.
Torin McGlynn: So it added up to like 700 counts that had voted on my polls.
Kyle Musca: I think that's quite a lot. Yeah, 100%. Like with 700 people you can message that have just said they're interested in your challenge.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, definitely. I messaged them all. It took me  ages, and it was really annoying. I wish Matt could do that, but I don't want him to sign into my account just in case he makes it Philippines.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I would just avoid anyone having direct access to your account in general. It opens it up to a lot of different issues. One, you never know. They could always dip on you. They could be hacked, or Instagram can see suspicious sign in activity. And everything like that. And that could affect your account. So, um, cool. So when did you message off the back end of that? And have you generated many calls from it?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. So signed up someone yesterday from it. Um, he was stoked with the, with the challenge. Um, I've got a couple, a lot of the really serious inquiries are actually people I used to know from Ireland. Um, so we booked in like six so far with just challenge outreach, which is, I think is pretty good. Um, and that's all coming this weekend. And then I'll make the actual challenge, um, announcement. It's kind of perfect because I've got also ghost announcement coming soon as well. I'm just waiting on their  to be sent to me. Um, so I'll probably do one announcement this week, one announcement next week. I'll do the challenge announcement and then I'll.
Kyle Musca: You know what I reckon do, man? I reckon, I reckon, so I reckon we do a magic hat on this challenge. And basically you might even want to do it when you announce the challenge and basically Basically say, essentially what you want is enter your details here to go into the draw to win access to the challenge absolutely free. And then obviously like everyone, you know, basically a lot of people opt into it. And then you go back through all of them and you basically say everyone's won the second prize and that's a $500 coaching voucher that they can put straight towards the challenge.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. So do I, how do I collect those people? Do I just like many chat them? Like challenge, comment challenge, or DME challenge?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think the easiest, I think the easiest one, the route to go down, you could either jot format, but that's kind of like annoying because then, yeah, I wouldn't do that because then you'd have to message all of the backend manually, which is annoying. I would just say like DME and then set up a unique trigger word for it. And then Clement can go back through and then message. Like, it's a $500 coaching voucher you can put straight towards coaching.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool. And then I, yeah, that's no problem. Like, I've set it to all my internal clients, and they're like, oh, I even would love to win free coaching. So I can probably just give 500 vouchers to the actual clients now as well.
Kyle Musca: I mean, yeah. Well, you don't even need to do that. just inflate your prices and say, like, usually the challenge would be $3,500, $3,500, but with the coaching voucher, it's $3,000.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I mean, like, internal clients, I could probably give them $500 off if they paid in full another term because they're pretty happy and then they know what they paid, you know, kind of really say, like, oh, my prices are actually $500 more, but you get a $500 voucher.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no, don't do that to them. Yeah, but I think if you did something like that, man, you'd get a lot of interest because, like, you know, if you can go through and message 700 people and say, like, hey, you won a second prize, it's $500, put towards coaching. yeah, yeah, yeah, you. Like, I think you generate quite a lot of calls just off that trickle-on. Important to say that you've won second prize. Like, I've tried a few different things. Like, they don't seem to work as well as, like, you've won second place.
Torin McGlynn: They want to redeem it.
Kyle Musca: That's another part of it, hey? Well, they feel like they've won it. You know what mean? They feel like it's a bit of a sign to do it. And it's an incentive to do it as well. then, I mean, what you might want to do, again, because you've got GoHighLevel and everything like that, I'm sure it's, I haven't looked into it crazy. I was sort of dabbling in it a little bit. But you might want to just set it up as, like, a standard application form when they message to it. So, it's like, you know, and you've already got that name. But I wonder if it auto-filled. Just to modify them another bit? Yeah, contact name, contact, sorry, contact number, contact email. Again, you would say, like, what's the best message? If you were to win, what's the best number to reach you on? What's the best email to reach you on?
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then, like, try and figure, obviously, a way to throw in there, like, what's your current work position?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, you know, what you might even want to do is, like, at the very end of it, not have a button click, but something like, I'll read through every single one of these. But why do you feel like you should win, you know, this prize?
Torin McGlynn: So how do I, how do I kind of frame it in the post? I say, like, the top prize is the Bali trip, whatever, but then I'll be giving away other things, like, immediately kind of thing?
Kyle Musca: No, no, no. So this isn't, no, no, no, no. So this isn't for the challenge itself. You'll basically say, I'm going to give someone free access to the challenge.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, do I say that in the, in the post as well, so people kind of know that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you can fit in. Like, depending on how it looks, if it's too wordy and, you whatever the , then, like, you know, don't, again, because you should essentially be posting about something every single day for it, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I do that every second day. I should be doing it today as well. Oh, yeah, okay, cool. And then I put it in the, I know already, do you just put it as a comment and then pin your comment, or do you actually put it in every post?
Kyle Musca: I put it in every post, but I, you click prompt, and that will add it to the top of comments. So basically, it will pin the comment. When you click prompt it, it pins the comment, is what it does.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, okay. So I comment, prompt it. I won't put it in the caption of my, sorry, no one read it.
Kyle Musca: No, no, yeah. So you put it in the caption, but when you press prompt, it puts the caption at the top of the comments.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, okay. But obviously there's going to be the caption with the recipe in it, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. But that, it's the same thing. So whether they click on the caption, it's still there, but if they click on the comments, then the caption's at the top of the comments.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, I see, I see. I might ask you about that when I do it, but I'm sure it's fine.
Kyle Musca: So if you go on to any of my recent ones, because I do it for pretty much every post, so if you click on, like, it should allow you to open up the caption, which is just the caption normally, but then if you open up the comments section, the caption should be at the top.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, it's at the, oh, okay, yeah, it's at the top, and it's in the actual caption.
Kyle Musca: And you do polls almost every time, hey? Yeah, I mean, like, that's another way to get more engagement, you know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Like, like, a super simple one for you would be, like, would you try this? Yes, no. Yeah, true. Yeah, it is. Okay, cool, cool. Sounds good, sounds good. All right, I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then play around. With how it looks, might want to, you know, if you can, because, again, you're going to direct everyone to go look at the captions. You will be having a lot of people read through this caption. And you might even want to, I mean, you might even want to say, like, New Year's Challenge is officially live. Kind of like, again, look at mine. Like, title, bold promise, mine is lose 10 kilos, 22 pounds in 12 weeks, and become the best physical man of shape in 2026, whatever. And then I say DME Challenge for more info, which you can do. Or you might even want to say, this is a good idea, want to go on the draw to win, you know, free access or something like that. DME and then whatever your trigger word is for that many chat. So you can do either one. can do DME for learn more info. Or, again, because you know you'll be magic-harding every single one that DMs you that, then you may want to do it that way, if that makes
Torin McGlynn: Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense. Okay. I'll probably just reach out with when I'm actually making this post. Yeah. Yeah. Instead of it being like, are you interested? Are you interested in being in the free draw for my challenge?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, you always want to do, you always want to like, you never, I try and avoid bold statement type things for the CTA. So, for example, I would avoid saying DM me challenge to join for, because it sounds a little bit too, you know, like they're making too much of a commitment if they message you. Whereas like, if you say DM me, you know, challenge for more info, then it's like more of a conversation type thing. You know mean? There's less friction for them to message you. But then that same concept works with the draw, because it's like DM me draw to go in the draw to win free access or something like that. But then it's just their messaging because it's like, oh,  it. Why not? I'm probably not going to win anyway. Yeah. So it's like you're trying to get as many people to. That are even curious about it to message through.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, sounds good. Sounds good. I'll do that for sure. It just means I'm probably going to have to take lots of sales calls, but that's not a problem.
Kyle Musca: I mean, that's a good problem to have. Yeah, it is. To be fair, again, like they should be qualified through the ManyChat and then they should be qualified in the DMs.
Torin McGlynn: I can pretty much just copy and paste my ad flow or one of my flows that's like, you know, asks them the questions.
Kyle Musca: I would, well, you want the contact info, you know what mean? Like, because you want to start building your contact list. And I was even thinking about this, you know, instead of building out the click funnels and everything like that, we can just run everything. I reckon we run it when we do this, you know, new stuff in 2026. I reckon we run it through ManyChat first just to suss out, essentially, if there's merit behind it, just to make sure we're getting volume through. Because there's no real point in building a full landing page and everything like that, which is more. More than likely going to have lower conversion anyway. Then just running it through ManyChat, having the DM setters do what they're currently doing, and then just selling off the back end of it.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. And all those emails do I put into my email sequence as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, exactly. So you could either, again, I was looking into this, but I haven't fully set it up because I don't really need, I don't collect emails in the ManyChat. But if you were going to collect emails in the ManyChat, it would obviously store that in ManyChat. So what you could probably do is just set up a Zapier so once someone fills out that contact information, it automatically creates a new member in Go High Level, for example, and tags them. I have the guy that can do that if you want it as well. I wouldn't recommend you doing that.
Torin McGlynn: No, that's tedious . Okay, that sounds all right. Okay, that's fine. With your, my ManyChat cost me 240 USD a  month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's . It's good that they've got the, like, normal... Pro version, and then they add the, like, advanced marketing one on top of that, which you need just to run a standard funnel. So I'm not sure how that's not the pro version, but, yeah, I was salty.
Torin McGlynn: I've got, 100,000 contacts on that thing, so it's, like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I'll you this guy. You don't need to message him right now, but if you do set that up, at least you've got his contact.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. So something as well, so obviously, yeah, email marketing, fantastic. You need to get that sorted and collected. With my normal lead magnet or my normal lead magnets is, like, what should I change with actually collecting emails? Remember when we talked about it where it's, like, okay, send me the email to send it to? Or is it, like, oh, no, I've sent them the recipe, by the way, I also have this, like, email. So... So... Or whatever, like training, what's the best email for that? Or like maybe even like a little landing page.
Kyle Musca: No, so again, like we just did it that way because it requires less setup. But basically saying concept is what I just said. And you'll need that guy's contact to set it up anyway. But yeah, you'll basically say, you know, DM me this for recipe, right? They'll DM you the recipe, whatever the trigger word is. They'll DM you that wanting the recipe. You'll say, awesome, what's the best email to send it to? Right. And then theoretically, that should create the contact in Go High Level. So there'll be a zap setup, create their contact, tag them, and then send them the email.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah. And then they don't even get the recipe until they get the email.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, yeah, that's exactly. They don't get the recipe until they get the Okay.
Torin McGlynn: My email list could probably get to like 50,000 then, I would say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. That would get huge. So again, like, you know, why are getting crazy views and everything? I would try and get that set up ASAP because, again, we want to try and, you know, you've got the coach up, you've got the VA up. It's like this is the next step now. And the sooner we can set that up, the better.
Torin McGlynn: So literally just drop email, Zapier, many chat to... It would probably be a many chat to go high level Zapier, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that would be. That'd be something to set it up. Okay. Again, I would just chat to that guy and say exactly what you're trying to do.
Torin McGlynn: Perfect. All right. Amazing. Amazing. So then when I have that set up, what are the other things that I want to go through today? I was on a call with Macroactive and I think I'll probably do it. It's obviously a lot of money.
Kyle Musca: Take What did they say? What did they quote you?
Torin McGlynn: Quote me, let see. It's the 20% or the 25% commission, for sure. Or not commission, but, you know, rev share. And then the price is, I think I'm saying like $10,000 US.
Kyle Musca: Is that the web app and the actual app?
Torin McGlynn: That's the web app and the actual app, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's, I mean, that's $15,000. I've had like $18,000. If that's the case, then that's pretty good. And then I would just clarify to them, like I'm doing a high ticket for the most part. I'm happy to do 20% or whatever on the low ticket. But, you know, I spoke, like just say you spoke to me or I helped, you know, help market and grow your business, whatever you want to say. Um, and... I do it for the higher ticket rate of $6 per client per month.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's  all. That's good. It does look pretty good, to be fair. Like, it says one setup for you. So it's like, I don't know what that is. There's loads of  here. It's, let me see. $9,745.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's less than $15,000 Australian. So, yeah, and I would, I mean, it is up to you, but it is, like, really nice and automated. And, um, especially, like, running things through, like, you could do, like, seven-day fat loss blast or something like that. And you say, um, sign up here, I'll give you a custom-built seven-day meal plan. You know what mean? $7 for seven. You get access to all my recipes in a custom, all my recipes, custom built for your goals.
Torin McGlynn: $20 a week. yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you could just do $7 because again, if it's $6 a month, like as long as, as long as they're covering that $6, $6 USD. like whatever the  that is, 10 bucks, let's say, then I mean, like it's a free lead for you. Or again, you could do like, for example, what I want to do. And then again, you get them on your email list and you can say, Hey, do you want to, I mean, there's heaps of different ways. Do you want to continue on with this for  $19 a week? Or do you want to upgrade to training and nutrition for $19 a week?
Torin McGlynn: Or, you know what mean? Yeah. Okay. How many people do you have on your little low ticket one, the like $20 a week?
Kyle Musca: I haven't pushed, I've always gone high ticket. I've started implementing it a little bit more now and getting pretty decent, consistent signup. Every week. But I'll push it a lot harder. So I'm going to change my whole funnel to coming. So it's called a value ladder. Have you ever heard of a value ladder?
Torin McGlynn: No.
Kyle Musca: So a value ladder is basically like you bring a client, it gets more expensive. So the lifetime value goes up more. So usually you start with like your high ticket package, right? Because like realistically, anyone that's starting a new business, they're not going to have the volume to do low ticket. It doesn't make sense. You don't have the infrastructure to build it out. So you start with high tickets so you can like maximize your, I guess, time for money, right? But then once you've got that all sorted and everything like that, then you can start building out your value ladder. So these are where lead magnets come into it. So essentially you could do, let's say, I'll break this down from the very, like, if we really expand it. Let's say, message me recipe. And I'll send you through my custom recipe ebook, right? Cool, they message you recipe, that's free, that's the first step, right? And then you maybe message off the back end of that, or again, second step can be the first step as well, depending on what you're doing. Hey, do you want a seven-day custom-built meal plan with all my recipes custom-built for you for seven days, right, for $7? Cool, so now we're at the second step. Oh, by the way, we have X step here, and then that eventually leads into the higher ticket. Does that make sense?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, how would you build that out? Like, email sequence, where it's like, people that have already signed up, it's like, email one, and then seven days later, it sends them another one, or does that work?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially, I mean, that value ladder can take years for someone to come through, like, you know, you might do a recipe ebook or whatever the . Let's say, you for example, if you created a book, for example, and someone read your book, that's step one, it's a free resource, and then it might take years for them to finally eventually invest into your high ticket. But they're continuously consuming content from you and getting more comfortable investing into you as time goes on.
Torin McGlynn: It's like you're in there. They're pretty much in your ecosystem. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The whole idea of Minecraft Active came from, like, obviously, Kame is spending so much time, like, qualifying these people and they just can't afford it, a lot of them. Just having something to be like, oh, by the way, and sell in chat, $20 a week something.
Kyle Musca: So that's where the value ladder comes in clutch because it's like you get everyone through, like, what I want to do is everyone through the low ticket. So, again, very, like, very, very sort of worst case scenario is my leads are paying for themselves, right? And then that converts into, this is where a bit of conditional logic and qualifying comes into it. But then it's like anyone that, you know, is qualified enough to afford the higher one-to-one ticket coaching, we're jumping on a call or, you know, you might get closer and whatever to try and convert and you're still getting a high-end backup. Like back-end clients, whereas all the other people that aren't, they just continue on a low ticket.
Torin McGlynn: So you build that passive income with time. Yeah. So you do recommend around $20 a week? I know you said the initial thing.
Kyle Musca: You can do like whatever you want, really. I would probably start at that, you know what mean? Just to build a really nice foundation and everything like that. And then you can kind of like test it by like, you know, if we increase it by this much, does the decrease in sign-ups actually equal decrease in overall revenue? And that's kind of the threshold. When does the decrease in sign-ups counteract the decrease in extra money earned, if that makes sense?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If we charge $20 and we get, let's say, 10 sign-ups a week, it's $200. We charge $30, but we got 15 sign-ups a week. Let's just say that probably equals $200 off the top of my head. Don't know for sure. Let's just say it is. But if we did $40, but we only get, you know,  five sign-ups, it's like, okay, that's not. That's not, we're not profiting as much now.
Torin McGlynn: Let's bring it back up. Yeah. Okay, cool. And use it for all of your high-ticket people too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. You can make it pretty manual. Like, you can definitely make it very one-to-one and they're continuously working towards making it more one-to-one.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah, because what I'm thinking of is like, another thing that a pain point is when I'm doing these meal plans for people, meal plans take me  ages to do, because I've custom-built them all for actual people. And if I can make it so they're just like automatic, straight away, set up, done, that would be so good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you don't even need to touch it.
Torin McGlynn: It just automatically does it. And with workouts as well, you don't even make workouts ever already.
Kyle Musca: No, you have to build the initial program. I mean, they have set programs, but you, again, this is where you might even want to teach your VA how to do it. You build the programs, you upload the programs, but after it's done like that, then yeah, it just automatically.
Torin McGlynn: It does it for you. That's sick. Okay, yeah, yeah. I probably will do it, to be honest, because the amount of leads I have, and even to get them on that $20 a week, like they show me numbers and it's ridiculous. They think they can have potential to make like $500,000 a month or something, but with my followers. But, you know, I think it's worth it. I did say to them, like, is the price negotiable? Because obviously it's your best interest to get me onto this. You're going be making, like, a lot of money, especially with the numbers that you showed me. And then he was like, okay, you can get on a call with our, like, some other guy. I was like, yeah, totally. So if I can get the money even on a little bit lower, then that would be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you might even want to say that I sent you or something like that to get on a lower one.
Torin McGlynn: I said that to them already. Because, number one, if there's any sort of referral program, you'll get it. And then also, so they don't just  me around as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: If I can get it, so you do 25% commission with that, like, email, the due email support?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, they meant to. I mean, if they, that's the thing, like, if you're doing low ticket and it is email support, then yeah, it's like, it's pretty worth it, because then the client is still technically getting coached.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, because they, it's either, like, 20% without emails and 25% with emails, so you know that.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, I mean, it's probably worth it in that case, just to get the email support.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, it seems worth it. It's just, like, dropping 15 grand, it's like, is it something that you definitely think is worth it?
Kyle Musca: If you were to do your business again, you would do it? Yeah, I mean, like, the amount of use and everything, well, I got stung with it initially, because I was paying, like, 30% on all my high ticket , it was . So I definitely, a lot more than 18 grand. But yeah, like, I think in the long run, 100%, like, it just makes things super automated. I probably haven't even used it to the best of its abilities as well, because I didn't fully understand the concepts of funnels and, like, bringing people through. For these, you know, different avenues. But, like, in terms of how easy it is, yeah, I'd say so.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, okay, cool, cool. Yeah, it does seem worth it, especially if I can make money out of people that are already being, I'm already paying Klame to qualify them a little bit, and if I can sell in chat. Because Klame said that you have sell in chat as well for people.
Kyle Musca: For load ticket, yeah. And then it's just, they just go sign into that. Like, if they're not qualified, they're just like, hey, here's this.
Torin McGlynn: And is that, like, how do you sell it in chat? Do you have, like, a landing page for it?
Kyle Musca: Does it, like, straightaway sign up? Well, the way I do it is I created a video basically running through. I've got the script for it. I can send it to you if and when you need. But I just created a Loom video saying, like, here's what the app is. You'll get your meal plans, you'll work out programs. You'll have to track all your progress and just made a Loom for it. Like, let me know if you want to, if that looks like what you're looking for. They'll come back and be like, yeah, that looks sick. And I'll be like, cool. Usually it's $49 a week, but if you sign up now, it'll be $19.
Torin McGlynn: Easy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, that sounds good. Like, honestly, it kind of fits my business perfect because I have so many recipes I can put in it as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think for you, it'd be great. It's a great lead magnet tool as well because it's like, you know, another coach will give a PDF versus you give a full  app access with custom-built calories and macros and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Torin McGlynn: And they have that smart check-in feature and everything, which is good. So if someone's on it, can I like upsell them in it somehow?
Kyle Musca: How do I do that? I just text them personally? Yeah, essentially.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So again, like, it depends on the funnel that you pulled out, but essentially, like, what I want to do, for example, is like, it's a $27 month-long challenge, and I'll mark it as a dollar a day, and then at the end of week one and the end of week three, there'll be a check-in call, which is an upsell call in coaching.
Torin McGlynn: you. Thank Oh,  true. This is why I need you, Kyle. This is good stuff. Yeah, cool. Cool. I probably will do it then. I have another call tomorrow with them. I'll drop the bag, I guess. See if I can negotiate a little bit less. Maybe rev share or something. Yeah, it was a good call. He's a pretty nice guy. The Charlie guy was on the phone too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll say they're, I mean, their support team is actually good as well. I'm not going to lie. But the actual, like, communicator. So I talked to, like, the head of the New Zealand team. I'm pretty sure she is. Zoe. And it's very easy for me to directly contact her on WhatsApp. And she's, like, prompt with replies and helpful hours. So in terms of that level of support communication, they're good as well.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I guess it's just, like, going from spending, like, $300 a month to giving them 25% commission and spending $15,000 is obviously a friction point, you know?
Kyle Musca: Make sure you chat to them about that and make sure you... They agreed to the $6 for high-ticket coaching.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I'll try to get them on  $5. They were literally, like, blowing smoke up my , saying that I can make $500,000 a month with this , and that 95% of my followers are active, and that's, like, unheard of for your following. And, like, all this pretty much just, like, suck on my dick, like, kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: I definitely think I can get them on a bit of a lower something, anyway. Yeah, yeah. Just clarify that, then it's worth, like, I mean, my setup fee was, like, $18,000, so I don't know how the prices have come down, but that's fine.
Torin McGlynn: He initially, well, there's loads of different little checkboxes with what you need. I don't know if they set up a VSL or anything for you. Like, there's loads of different things that they try to sell me, and I said no to all of them. He actually, to be fair, he said that I didn't need them. He initially said, like, oh, let's not focus on high-ticket now. Let's try to get your low-ticket going. I I need to make sure I can use it for high-ticket, because I don't want use OneFit and Macroactive, because Macroactive seems like... Like, I don't need to do meal plans, which literally takes me, like, a couple hours to make one person's.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, you don't. Yeah, no, you don't need to do meal plans at all.
Torin McGlynn: It all custom calculates it for you. Okay, cool. And then, and it's good? Like, get, your clients are happy with it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't hear any complaints. You can, the only thing I've had issues, not issues with, but, like, I guess pet peeves, is the, like, accuracy of the food, like, not, the accuracy of the relying on the client to accurately track food, if that makes sense. But you can, you can actually connect their, you can, they can connect their MyFitnessPal, so when you do check-ins, can actually, like, click on the back-end and it'll open up their actual MyFitnessPal. So you can track it off that as well.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's the same with OneFit as well. It's the macro, the calorie tracking. So it actually integrates with Macroactive's app.
Kyle Musca: Um, it doesn't, it does to a degree. But apparently MyFitnessPal signed a deal with one of the coaching platforms. So I think even Trainerize and stuff can't do it directly on the front end now, but you can do it pretty easily on the back end. Or otherwise, there's obviously all the food tracking  inside Mac Reactive itself, which they do have a lot of different options. They said that they recently added like fact food or some , which is apparently one of the world's biggest databases for ingredients. I'm not sure how accurate that is because like when I've searched like beef, for example, and it gives you like one option. But I'm sure that's why I'm saying like they continuously work to improve it for one-to-one higher ticket coaching.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So as long as your client's not being like a bit of a retard and like they're actually, you know, being honest and accurate, then it's fine. But, you know, at the same time, if you run into a client that's like, oh, I , it had cheese on. On the meal plan and I ate cheese and it's like they got the highest fat content cheese ever.
Torin McGlynn: You know what mean? Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Okay, cool, cool. That's kind of what I need with the clarification of it because, you know, it's a good bit more money. But if I can get some like passive income, low ticket people, and also a potential thing for lead magnets and this like value ladder thing that you talk about, it seems like it's worth it for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I definitely think, um, I would say it is like I don't regret doing it.
Torin McGlynn: All right, cool, cool, cool, cool. And then other stuff to go through. That's really like, so far, that's really everything. It's good to have a high level setup. I've been working on obviously getting that integrated. It's tedious as , like making all the emails. I'll fill in that email thing that you want me to fill in.
Kyle Musca: Do I just say. Send it back to you then? Yeah, just make a copy and send it back to me. And I would do, this is what I'm going to do. And I would even do it for you, man. It's like, if you're going to be really focusing on the emailing list, and I would definitely go create a chat GPT and get it to do a bunch of deep research. I want you to analyze Alex Homozi, James Smith,  Dan Kennedy, XYZ, all the best email and copywriters in the world to understand how to write really compelling, highly converting. Et cetera, et cetera. And just like, create a project in the chat GPT. So it's like, every single day, you know, when you go to write a new email, just like, I want you to write a new email about XYZ topic.
Torin McGlynn: True. Because I have my full 30 days in there, but I'm happy to  sub it out with better ones. I wonder how you do that. Do I go actually into their emails that they sent me and like, copy and paste like 30 of them in there? What, like 10 in there?
Kyle Musca: I mean, yeah, you could add, well, that's the thing, if you did that with the deep research, and then, again, I think we spoke about this last week, but like, if you came into your emails, and you just typed in , I wonder if he sends it to this one, I he does. Yeah, James Smith, so it's like, you know, 499 is up for you, 4, then I'll show you my next hand here, you know, copy and paste, go through all of these, again, yeah, copy, like, I would get a Google document, copy and paste, like, all these different, like, you know, James Smith, and then go through maybe 10, 20, and then you might even want to go through Alex Mosey, 10, 20,  X, Y, Z, 10, 20, and then you just upload that document into the actual ChatGPT project, and I'll have all this to go off.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, yeah, make a project, email marketing, and then
Kyle Musca: And then if you, sorry, just on that as well, if you really wanted to as well, just get your VA's email and then just create a new rule, create a rule. This will pop up in a second. Holy . Have you ever created a rule with emails?
Torin McGlynn: No.
Kyle Musca: So, basically, you would say, from James Smith to me, subject includes, you might want to just get rid of that. Just get rid of that one completely. Any, because James is only going to be sending you emails that are, you know, directly related to whatever he's trying to sell. All right. And then you can say, forward to, and then just put your VA's email in there. So, every email that comes from whoever you want, just go straight to them.
Torin McGlynn: And what do they do with that?
Kyle Musca: Well, they could just keep adding out, building out that document for you. That's probably the best thing. Just keep building out the document for you.
Torin McGlynn: All right, cool. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that sounds good. Make a rule for them, make a rule for... Let me see if I have Alex Kamosi who's actually already on my email list.
Kyle Musca: Russell Brunson would be another really good one.
Torin McGlynn: I've got heaps of  in some of these emails. No, I don't have any Hormozzi ones.
Kyle Musca: So, easiest thing to do there? Just go sign up to, you know, like Alex Kamosi's stuff. Yeah, wouldn't be that hard to find. Well, Alex Kamosi's is not hard to find at all, because you can literally just go acquisition.com.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, is that what it is?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so... I mean, he's got courses, aren't he? He's... you. Oh, you . He's got courses on his actual website, so, and then all you need to do is just opt in for him, and then he'll start receiving.
Torin McGlynn: He has his full  classes for free, just chilling on his website.
Kyle Musca: But these are, again, his value ladder, man. You know what mean? You get his course for free, so it's like when you're earning a million dollars a year, three million dollars a year, who do you think you're going to go spend it on when you want to invest in someone?
Torin McGlynn: You know mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that's the real pivotal thing when you're talking about, like, lead magnets and, like, giving away that free stuff, is that it has to be at least as good a quality, if not better, than what your competition, like, charges for.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, why would, like, again, there's people out here that , I bought Brian Mark's course. For  50 grand for the year, when, you know, realistically, I could get all that  to a better degree from  Alex for free.
Torin McGlynn: It's insane. Yeah, I just centered all my  there as well. He's obviously got, like, conditional logic on the annual business revenue thing. It's crazy that all this stuff is, like, where, like, real wealth is  built.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because he gives away so much value and so many people consume it. So at the very least, man, if someone's talking about, you know, a great business mentor or who to go to for business advice, for free good advice, it's like, Alex, Alex, Alex. And that's why he's built such a huge sort of audience and in doing that, an authority in the space. But then it's like, when you're earning, you know, learn to scale, it'll take you through this conditional logic. Whatever usually takes you through. Let me ask you a question. Have you ever felt like your kids, when you're ready to, you know, invest actual money into someone, it's like, again, who are going to go to? And it's like, he doesn't work with all the people that, similar to you, right, me as well, don't work with all the people that are uni students or they don't want to spend more than 50 bucks a week and all that stuff. But it's like, all right, well, let's just give them something free for now or something really low value that's actually like a high value to them. And then, you know, we'll just focus on the big fish that actually are willing to invest that kind of money. They're better clients, they pay more, they're easier to service.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. So, Value Ladder, this will help me, this app, having macroactive will help me massively with this ladder thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%, yeah. Because no other coach can do that. The best other coaches... All do is like a PDF, and it's like, no one wants a PDF anymore.
Torin McGlynn: True, true.
Kyle Musca: I also like that you can add external links to macro. I'm not sure how much of a run-through they gave to you, but I do really like the feature that you can, um, very easy to add external links. So if you do training courses, um, when it  loads, you know, if you want to do an educational series, very easy to upload that into the app. Again, when you get ghost, it's like, takes them straight through to the actual website. Um, if they refer, refer a mate and 250, takes them straight through the job form, they can just send that straight to their friend. Uh, I've added my Google drive ebook. So. It's like you're adding more value. They can get access to all your e-books.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. And they get that on the actual app as well, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it will look the exact same as this.
Torin McGlynn: They can just open that side tab and they've got access to all that stuff. Can you show me how what yours looks like when you start on chat? Yeah. What does the landing page or even the sales page look like?
Kyle Musca: Uh, well, there is no landing page because it's software chat. It's, um...
Torin McGlynn: Or is it just straight striped link?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, uh, here's a Loom video. Have a look at everything involved here. Uh, see if you're keen on it. Holy crap, my internet sucks. In some cabin in the words. Yeah. I need a  starlink. So I just want to give you a quick run. But basically, like, you know, I show them what's actually on the app with this Lume video. Yeah. If it was to actually load and do what it's meant to do. Probably should have used a better image, but that's fine. Anyway, basically run through what they actually get. Okay.
Torin McGlynn: And then what does that members thing, like?
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, so that's just literally the registration link. So it's like, usually it's 59 a week if you sign up right now. I'm doing programming tomorrow. So I don't know, it's 19 bucks. And then here's the registration. And this is the pricing link that you make inside EMP. So I'm going to start removing some of these things.
Torin McGlynn: they set up this. This is all part of, this is actually on. I'm already my cracker right right now.
Kyle Musca: So, Yeah, so this is redirecting to Stripe.
Torin McGlynn: But see this, like, I suppose it's not maybe not a landing page, but it's a.
Kyle Musca: So I'll show you right now because that seems not working. So I'll just go double check. You go pricing plans. Dude, ' internet is pissin' me off. Cool, so. Um. Let's see if that comes. Cool. Thank I mean, theoretically, that could be it. When was that created? May 2025. That's probably it. Link. Relink. This is theoretically what it should go to. I think my internet's just  bugging out. don't know if it's actual. This seems to be working.
Torin McGlynn: I'm saying this is working.
Kyle Musca: So that's really annoying me, but theoretically, should confirm it's you. And then I'll pay with that link. So yeah, it just takes you straight away.
Torin McGlynn: You know what they're paid is it just automatically set them up with their email and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Uh, yeah. Well, you've already, I've already, um, I don't know why that's that guy, but. We can out, because I'm, like, already logged in this , you know.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it should, it should, I think it asks for your contact details first, usually.
Torin McGlynn: Makes sense.
Kyle Musca: strap checkout. Oh, logging in. So, yeah, it's, it's  trying to log into one of the actual clients that I've used. Oh, it'd trying to log into this guy that I logged into.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Essentially, it just takes you through the pricing link.
Torin McGlynn: All right, cool, cool, cool, cool. Um, because the, the main thing is, like, if I send them a link in chat, does it just all set up completely? I don't need to go do some tedious work trying to  set them up.
Kyle Musca: They sign up. Yeah, once they sign up, they fill out their onboarding questions, and then it just automatically does everything for you.
Torin McGlynn: And those are sent to an email, right?
Kyle Musca: No. Like, once they... It'll be all in their app. But you do... It does send out emails. It sends out emails, like, letting them know that that's what's been done. Like, if that makes sense. Like, when the program's ready, it will send them an email saying your program's in the app. But I do add into this, like, once they say, yeah, just signed up, awesome, I'll get to work, should be able to have everything back within a day or two, so we can rip in. Oh, that's why. That is the wrong  thing. The  thing. You This is the right one. Yeah, I was already on this before. This was, the one I showed you was the right one. Just going back to the other one. Things piss me off. Cool. All locked in on my end, I'll get to work, should have everything, day or two. How are you feeling? If you get any issues, email this to support. Here's an optimized book, whatever the .
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, I'll let you know how this goes, too.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you probably won't need this. Let me know when you're ready for it, and I'll send you through this.
Torin McGlynn: I'll it through now. It's probably not going to be used. Yeah. Yeah, I'll get everything sorted with them, because having it, having, like, this in the background, I think would be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's, yeah, it's super easy.
Torin McGlynn: Like, it's super automated. All right, cool, man. Well, thank you for your time today. We have plenty of stuff we're working on, as usual. I think I'll have a pretty, like, next week is good. It's be a  crazy week. We're going to have to, if we can set up our time for our call, I think it'll be fine the time that it's set on this time.
Kyle Musca: But obviously I'm in Canada too, so we're going to be in the same time zone. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like 5 p.m. up here. We could potentially do early.
Torin McGlynn: We'll play it by here. But yeah, I'm easy, man. I'm easy. But yeah, thank you for today. And I'll speak to you next week.
Kyle Musca: That's all good. Biggest thing like now, man, is I reckon definitely, well, when you actually launch it, do the many chat thing. Because I think the magic hat will rip if you do that properly.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. I might ask you some questions, some further questions.
Kyle Musca: If you can send me the notes as well for this call, that'd be great. Yeah, absolutely. But yeah, any questions, just let me know.
Torin McGlynn: Cool, man. All right.
Kyle Musca: I'll speak to you soon. Also, Cheers. Bye. Bye.


>>> 44/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-11T01:40:02Z | id:107906833
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How going?
Callum Hinze: Are you good? How are you? Sorry to mess you around with the times.
Kyle Musca: That's my bad for not seeking that up properly. No, you're a good man. You're a good. Perfect. We'll rip it. Are you in zone high?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. What's that? Zone? No, I'm at just a little cafe down there. A little workspace.
Kyle Musca: Can you hear me okay? Yeah, yeah, I can hear. Cool, man. Cool. Will Rip Rodden, do you have a chance to fill out the check-in form?
Callum Hinze: I didn't actually, no.
Kyle Musca: But I can go through it as we go. Yeah, cool. We'll just run through the basics, man.
Callum Hinze: How many calls booked this week, do you know? Only a couple this week. I've taken two and sold two, though. So, yeah, so far, so good. A couple more this week. What's today? Thursday. I think I have one or two. more Friday, Saturday.
Kyle Musca: Okay. How many total are looking at?
Callum Hinze: I think it was four or five.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Callum Hinze: With one cancelled, just not, it was no finances. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what I was doing is, we're just still testing currently out of those videos. One thing I tried to do was like group the different audiences in sort of one campaign and put the budget into, it wasn't a, well, the issue was that it wasn't enough of a budget to spread it accordingly. So what I did before is I just split them up into their individual campaign so we can test a little bit more faster and more accurately. But that should be good. How many... What were the two packages you sold those guys on?
Callum Hinze: One was the challenge from the 12-week thing, and then one was, what was the other one? No, it was just like an installment plan on the second tier, so the 600.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, perfect. Have you been pushing the challenge much on your organic stuff?
Callum Hinze: Not on my, no, I haven't. I don't think I've touched on a lot of my organics yet, but I definitely can. And more stories, feed, posts, or both?
Kyle Musca: I mean, a bit of both. Like, so, definitely on the stories, man. Have you got, basically similar to that challenge framework we did? I don't know if you still have that. I'll grab that now. But that, like, the stories just targets your closest audience, man. So I'd be well on top of that. And realistically, we only have 10 days. So it's like, I would just go super hard, super late. Really push the urgency with it. Have you had a chance to do the retarget stuff?
Callum Hinze: Which was that one? Oh, no, I haven't actually.
Kyle Musca: No, I can do that.
Callum Hinze: I can do that today actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll want to get that ASAP because we were approaching that last week. Let me write that down. Where is...
Callum Hinze: What did we say again? Sorry, for the retarget. we say like one week out, two days out? Or was there certain?
Kyle Musca: So for the one week out, would just say a few days out because then it kind of is one week to zero or two days, guess. Then basically, yeah, you want to last 72 hours, want to last 48 hours, want to last 24 hours.
Callum Hinze: 72, 48, 24, and that's it. Yeah, and then like two versions of each at least. Yeah, cool. That's right.
Kyle Musca: So I'll send this to you.
Callum Hinze: And do you know the ad, the story ad graphics I got done up, they're all simple ones for the challenge. Could I reuse some of those just on organic stories?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. So this is basically, I mean, we're kind of, we're really in this period here. So it's like, just need to do a full reveal and just like post about it at least once a day, I would say. Yeah. Like, you'll need to build up that hype and then really start pushing the urgency within those last three days. So that will basically show you how to like do a new story. I mean, that's, yeah, pretty much, yeah. Essentially just think about like one thing every single day up on the story about it. So now in terms of, in terms of. I noticed that this new style of content seems to be doing well for you, man.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I enjoy doing that sort of stuff, actually. I've got a bunch of those films as well, so see how that goes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, that's great. Like, if you can get, if you can get 300 or 400 likes of educational, because that's more educational than, like, anything really. You know, that's really good, even that style there. Um, and then what I would do in these is, sorry, where is it? Um, essentially, make this, make this CTA stand out a bit more, but do it more so for the challenge. So, remember that. It is something like this, man. Just have it. But real big and bold like that to stand out, like use the emojis so it draws attention to it. And then DM me challenge for more, to learn more about it or employ. Now, the other thing you could do, man, especially when you go to like launch it on your story, I reckon is do some, do like a little bit of a, so, how do I explain this correctly? So, we essentially want to do something like a magic hack because it works really, really well. But when you go to launch the challenge or maybe on the second day or whatever, just like as long as it's, you know, within the next day or so realistically, you might even want to say like, I'm going to choose one person at random to gain free access to the entire challenge. All right, and then what I reckon best, best thing to do here, and we might even set it up together, right? Is have the trig word. Let me.
Callum Hinze: And it'll have its own trigger word for that, I'm sure it'll be assuming, Yeah, so let's just say it's draw, right?
Kyle Musca: DME draw to go into the draw, right? That's probably pretty simple. Again, just off the top of my head, probably wear it a bit better. And then, again, same with how the Magic Hat works for anything. You go through all of them and be like, hey, man, know, you're randomly selected. You've won $500 you can put towards the coaching voucher.
Callum Hinze: Okay. I actually was just chatting with Robin the other day, and he said he'd just done a really similar offer with, like, a full year of coaching, and then just giving them all the little second place.
Kyle Musca: And he said that's worked well, so definitely put that with action. So, DM, respond to all of them, also link. Let's re-go. Let's re-go. Oh, my gosh. Why don't you just give me the normal one, you prick. Let's go draw. You know, it's going to be easier than this. That's annoying. Let's just go duplicate this. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Thank you. In regard to someone who sends a message, I'm just going to draw it now, but you feel free to probably use a better word.
Callum Hinze: And would you say, sorry, to mention this free thing, not in the actual first launch of the actual challenge post to it, separate?
Kyle Musca: See, I mean, you definitely could. I wonder if there's a way for me to delete this. This is like, there's a lot of these, I guess it doesn't really matter. You could, if it may, if there's room for it, you know what I mean? Like, so you might do, my New Year's challenge is officially live. And then whatever your bold promise is, so mine is like, lose 10 kilos in the next 12 weeks, walking into 20, 26, whatever. Over $8,000 worth of prizes. Again, so let's just keep it really nice and simple. And then you might even want to, like, have it stand out, like, bonus or whatever you want to say. And then in writing under that, I'm going to give one person at random free access, Demi XYZ to go into the draw. Word of better than that, but something similar to that, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. And say, would it be worthwhile saying when that's drawn or just keep the bait?
Kyle Musca: Um, no, just keep it bait. More wording on that will be, you know, a bit annoying.
Callum Hinze: And then you said everyone who does send through that draw will simply just be given, like, the dash thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, essentially. I'm going to delete all this. Confirm. I'm going to go here. I'm going to go Instagram. I'm going to go. More, we'll click data-collection, gonna go, um, what's, have we done a single thing? Any rather awesome to see your. So, I'll add a quick delay. Okay. Thank you. You can see the amount of system filled, setting our opt-in contacts. We'll come back to that, just want to of deal with this at the moment. Contacts reply. Action. Tag. Tag. Email, collect it. Cool. From here. Why can't there be something from the next step here? Why is this not on any ' Oh, I guess we don't really need that. So it does that anyway. Action. Oh. Yeah. Action on reply. Why can't I just go to the next step? That's annoying. All right, okay, stupid. Cheers, bro.
Callum Hinze: And so even the lucky app that we reached out via email, probably.
Kyle Musca: No, no, we just want to click that just for the sake of it. I mean, it doesn't even have to be this, well, true. I mean, it doesn't even have to be this complicated, to be honest. Yeah, you're not really building and emailing this, so maybe we're just not overcomplicate it.
Callum Hinze: But then, so I Simply once, once, even at what, 24 hours, just reach out to them again and say, hey, one's at the second draw, ran it all about you or whatever, just DM.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Callum Hinze: What did you say, about 24 hours or a bit longer?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, yeah, yeah, 24 hours is fine, really. This is a challenge. Yeah. I should, I should. Yeah, we'll just leave it like that. You can have it and reword it, but just something super simple like that. doesn't have to be crazy. great. Thank you. You wait again, free access to the Challenger, which is in the next day or so. Cool. We'll just keep it like that, right? Nice and simple. And then, yeah. It's really, really, really, really important to do this. Whatever trigger word you choose, make sure to just come and update it in this. Otherwise, they'll all go to waste.
Callum Hinze: Like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's super important. Any questions on any of that?
Callum Hinze: That's all good. I'll do up like an initial post today as like the launch for the challenge through organic stuff. Would a simple, just like a simple photo with a good caption be fine? Or would you do up some sort of reel for that?
Kyle Musca: In terms of like what you're actually going to put on your story?
Callum Hinze: Well, if I do like a feed post, was thinking of doing like a feed one just to launch the challenge. Would it just a general photo, general gym photo be cool and then say, next gen challenge live now, here's a few bits of info?
Kyle Musca: Or would you want to do something different? You could either do that or like give them a carousel, depending on how difficult they are.
Callum Hinze: I'll do multiple anyway, chuck one up every few days.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you might want to do like a carousel where it's like this, next gen challenge is officially live, swipe for more details. Yeah, okay. And then, you know, the... Oh,  the... And actually do that. And the next slide is like maybe bold promise. Again, might as well lose 10 kilos in 12 weeks, plus over $8,000 in prizes. Yeah. It'd also be good to throw some transformations in there if you are going to do a launch post for it. You know, get some social proof in there. And then have like a dedicated slide. Um, I'm going to give one person, one random person, uh, free access to the challenge. DME X, Y, Z to, um, you know, go into the draw.
Callum Hinze: If I'm, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'll do that. Say that. Thanks.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Yeah, that's, that's, yeah. But if you do that correctly, the magic hat thing, then I reckon you'll clean up like.
Callum Hinze: And I would literally just mark it as 300 bucks off. You say.
Kyle Musca: It's always good to say $500, but again, whatever you say, just inflate the raise. I mean, if the challenge is $2K, then the challenge is $2,500, and then they get $2K.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Again, whatever you feel comfortable with.
Callum Hinze: And you would only normally do the discounted $500 off or whatever if they commit to a full run payment, not full installments?
Kyle Musca: No, either way. It doesn't bother me. Either way.
Callum Hinze: Okay. I'll do that. That'd be good to do. What do you think of running polls and stuff? Do you use polls much for similar purposes?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so polls are fantastic. The only thing with polls is that it requires you to manually message them off the backend before Clemé can. So you just need to send that initial message, and then Clemé can take over. But like, for example, you can do, you know... I would stick to the hardcore launch one today, but then maybe tomorrow, you know, you might want to be like, you know, who's keen, again, very off the top of my head, but who's keen to dial things in come 2026? Yes, hell yes. Anyone that votes on that poll, message off the back end.
Callum Hinze: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: The other thing, the other thing here is like, it's really important to have a chat with Clemé and make sure that she is aware that you're running this challenge and the details around it and basically say like, you know, if you are going to do that, I'm messaging these people for the challenge to make sure you talk about the challenge.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Yeah. Would it be worthwhile giving her like a separate script to go off or would she be fine just sort of manually?
Kyle Musca: I mean, I mean, for the most part, man, like it's pretty kind of similar script, like what's your goal, what's your struggle, what's your occupation? And then I would just basically set like frame it as in like, cool, you know, I'm not taking on just anyone. For this challenge, it's got to be the right fit for both of us, whatever you end up saying. How about we line up a bit of a call, X, Y, Z, same process as normal.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Problem. Just make no doubt. That's the guy.
Kyle Musca: But it's just important to have communication with her and the setters just so they're on the same page with that stuff.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. That challenge, G, um, Now, the other thing, who edited your, um, ads for the challenge? What's his name? Is it Lucky or Mehdi?
Kyle Musca: Mehdi. Mehdi.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what you might want to do, man, is go, go back to him and just be like, okay, man, um, can you just go through the videos and remove any part that says, like, entry's closed, December 20th. Um, because then what we can do is we can just, like, Re-upload them, and then just like re-relaunch it come January for that two weeks.
Callum Hinze: So then you can just say we start January 12th. Is it Mehdi? I've got the name right. Yeah, Mehdi, cool. Would we need to add in somewhere saying that like the extended close-off date or just remove that to go?
Kyle Musca: No, people – well, two things. People won't remember anyway. And then secondly, what we'll do is I'll just get you to download a thing of all your active clients, a CSV file, their name, their email, their phone. If you have their phone, just mainly their main name and email, which you'll definitely have. And then we'll just say we'll exclude that audience. So just don't type – don't show this ad to these people.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay, awesome. So exact same video, just remove legit 23rd.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, whenever you said the entry is closed by.
Callum Hinze: Mentions the entry was closed by December. Really messaging that out. Perfect.
Kyle Musca: And probably same thing with the graphics with Lucky or, you know, if you created them, just any mention of December 20th close-off, just remove.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Sweet. I'll probably do that myself. Because they were very basic graphics.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: If I do, like, a carousel posting to launch it today, the first image, should it be kind of like a graphic for the challenge? Or should it be just a simple photo with some font over it saying, challenge is live now?
Kyle Musca: I think just have it kind of like... And I think good. about this? I think it's good. Yeah, something like this.
Callum Hinze: Obviously, it be with it. Yeah. And simply just the first slide could be like, challenge live now, swipe the details, boom, boom, boom. Yeah. Okay, sweet.
Kyle Musca: New Year's next-gen challenge, officially live, swipe the details. Um, yeah. And then keep it basic, add some social proof, add the draw in. Um, and then what I also recommend, like, um, reckon, again, add the, make sure you really prioritize, um, adding that clear CTA in there, because like, I mean, I've been doing that with my organics, because I've been focusing on organic a bit more. Um, like, my ads are pumping. Um, Um, Um, Thank Quite well, but like even still, it's good to just focus on organics. And man, in the last like two weeks or something, yeah, 45 organic inquiries just off that.
Callum Hinze: Wow. In the last week?
Kyle Musca: In the last probably two weeks or something, I created that.
Callum Hinze: It hasn't been like live for very long at all. Yeah, wow.
Kyle Musca: And again, you're talking about on your account, like these, these are so great because you're talking about actual, you know, training techniques, topics, everything like that, right? It's like if you said, I also think organic, man, it seems to work better with the actual application form than DM. Um, like from what I've noticed, um, maybe because people are starting to cotton onto the DM strategy type of thing because everyone kind of does it. Maybe because, you know, if they're organic, they've already been. Build the trust and relationship that they don't really need to DM you for it. They can just sort of like apply and they want that more official process. I'm not 100% sure, but from my experience, the application form definitely seems to work better than DMing organically. Plus, if you reach out and contact these guys, Ben, you get them on call and everything. You don't have to pay Clamay or anything like that, a setting fee.
Callum Hinze: So just simply just apply via LinkedIn via it's enough rather than DMing in there.
Kyle Musca: You can use either or. You can use either or. But yeah, I think try and make it stand out more. You know what mean? Because that, if, you know, it doesn't, with that much text and stuff, it just kind of blends in a lot.
Callum Hinze: Like you don't really. That's what I use around it and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But the other thing is, Ben, like, you know. It's all just stacking random prices. Fizik playbook, DM me the word playbook, or comment the word playbook, and I'll send it through to you. Okay. I mean, just something like that. Because these are, you've just given free education with this style of video, then you're now giving them, you actually want to give them, send them something for free, and then you can start the conversation off on the back end after you've given them all that, if that makes sense. And then we could just, again, we could just run that straight as an ad from that point.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: Okay. You know what If it's in the video, it obviously has to be in the video. So, any one of these videos, man, I reckon just, you know, DM me playbook, DM me playbook, comment playbook, whatever.
Callum Hinze: All right. That's easy to do. Easy to do. Yeah, would you change much about these videos? Are they structured pretty well, or is there ways that make it better?
Kyle Musca: I you'll find ways as you keep going, man. But that, you know, that's a really good engagement ratio. the go. it's I don't this do When you look at all the other style of content that you do, the engagement ratio is great and it's a really good, like you're giving a lot of information and education. So if people are watching you for that, like 385 likes on that does a lot better than 385 likes on that, for example. At the end of the day, like your physique is always going to sell itself, but if someone's seeing a physique like you have in here and you're actually providing education, knowledge base and everything, they see you as that, they see you as that John Jewett type of, you know, person then. Yeah. And then again, from that point, man, like that's like 80% of the work, then it's just about executing on the small details. Cause I don't even think like John Jewett gets, he doesn't get crazy amount of engagement. I don't think like decent, but you know, if we were to come in. here and look at some of these. He's turned his likes off the dog. Oh, 15. That was pretty decent views. He obviously is the industry standard of like what it is, but yeah, he gets a lot of engagement, but he also would make a lot of  money at the back end of that. But if you can get to that point, yeah, even something like that, 395, 478, if you can get to that point where, you know, people see and identify you as that person, you will just, you will clean up.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. That stuff's so naturally easy to do, so it's on top of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then I think just focus on like refining the quality, you know what I mean? And again, that will come as you do it more. But like, you can see with Johns, it's all... Or like, you know, nice professional camera, he's taken, he obviously knows that he's going to be doing a lot of this content, so he set up the background and everything like that, and he's got a bit of an actual filming studio to do. So it's like, maybe that's potentially, you know, and you just work towards that as time goes on. Because this other video here did really good.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that one, I had no value to it, but it's just those little things always get people's attention, hey.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Did you ask a question in this? Like, in terms of like, what are your thoughts?
Callum Hinze: Because you were saying that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think, did I put a poll on that one?
Kyle Musca: I think I did, hey. Probably, it doesn't show on the laptop, but yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I think I added a poll to it as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. I mean, and that's probably part of the reason it also did quite well.
Callum Hinze: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, I mean, if you're going to, like, how is that style of content there for you to edit?
Callum Hinze: Easy.
Kyle Musca: Super easy. You might even, if you like that kind of content, one, you might even want to set up, like, a little bit, not a studio or anything like that, but just some lighting, something easy for you to sit down and just, like, talk straight to the camera, and it look nice and, you know, clean. But the other thing is, you might want to even, like, you know, get Medi or potentially another editor or something like that. I'm sure you could do a pretty good rate. And you just sit down and bang out, like, five of them, you know what I mean? And just say, hey, make sure you use these overlays and everything. Basically, yeah. I mean, you might even want to send him a video of, for example, John's. Stop turning your hip thrust into a quad in the back and say, this is how I want it edited.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Do you still break Medi? Like, is he still good?
Kyle Musca: With comparison to other guys, editors, you've got? I don't use Mehdi anymore. He was just getting too slow with turnaround times for me. And he, like, he didn't treat it as serious as I would like someone in that position to treat it. Yeah. Like, he kind of sort of, like, a friendship type thing, which is cool. cool guy, but if I'm paying someone to edit my videos and stuff, it's like I need things back in a timely matter without, you know, issue. But you could always go on Upwork or something. Like, I found a new editor, and I found him on Upwork, and he does, like, $20 per video. It's better quality than Mehdi's, so. If you need a hand with any of that stuff, just let me know. But otherwise, yeah, I was stoked to see you do that kind of content. I was stoked to see that it actually, you know, pulled through and had good engagement as well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I've got, I've got, I've filmed heaps. I'm going to bond shift right now. But I guess that I probably wouldn't want to bombard only that form of content too much, hey?
Kyle Musca: I mean, yes and no. You know, these are still fairly easy to make. So if you have a mix between those, then I think it's fine. And just to give you a clarification on why I'm stoked with that, because you doing that kind of content literally gets, I mean, that got more likes than I actually thought it did, to be honest. But that's built up over time. So when you look at the following discrepancy between the two counts, you know, that's a really good engagement ratio for that type of content.
Callum Hinze: Okay. I got a heap of those built up, so I couldn't just keep on pushing those through for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think they're just peaking. The only other thing I would say to add into them, and I'm not sure if you've done them or not, is when you're talking about these topics, relate them to... How you applied that with a client, you know what mean? Because then you show your physique, you show your knowledge, you show that you've practically applied that to someone else in a coaching sense, right? And if you want to look at how I do them, for example, like you basically do exactly what you're doing in those videos, but just what I've done in these videos, you know what mean? So here's my three favorite quad growers, X, Y, Z, and these are the exact movements that I've programmed in for my client, John, here, and his quads went from like this to this in 12 weeks. And then that's a great time for this, the lead magnet CTA. If you want my guide on, my complete guide on building a great physique, DM the word playbook and I'll send it through.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, all right. Yeah. That's good.
Kyle Musca: But every, like, I would get into the mindset of every single time you do a video of it like that, add a lead mag CTA.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Because if we can transition to that, like, again, as I mentioned a few weeks ago, that style of content is how James Board and Sam Board run their entire business of that lead mag stuff for people that are serious about training.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, cool, man. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Callum Hinze: Nah. That's easiest one is to work with.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Yeah. From this point, yeah, just really executing organically in general, but with the challenge 100%. Do the magic hat, run the draw, explain to Clemé what's happening there. She'll understand with the magic hat, but just explain in that terms what we're doing there. Start adding in to pretty much every single one. Video you do, and make it nice and big and bold so it stands out. And then every time you do one of these videos, just add a lead magnet to it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Easy, you can do.
Kyle Musca: Easy. Perfect, man. And ideally, we'll just stockpile them because if you can get like, if you can get 20 before the end of the new year, man, or before January 12th, after we turn off all the challenge stuff, we have so much content that we can just go straight into off the back end of that.
Callum Hinze: So we're already prepped for January. Yeah. Yeah, well, I've been putting a bit more time into making all the content and videos and stuff now, which is enjoyable. So as long as they're doing well, if can keep on building on, I'm going to be cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. And that's, you know, the thing, man. Like, the more you do them, the more reps you get in, the more comfortable you'll get at them, and the more you'll become known for doing them.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I don't know. They're finally really enjoyable, too. They're very enjoyable, and they're doing well. Well, I might as well just to this point.
Kyle Musca: 100% double down on. And, you know, again, pick a few creators that do that style of content and then just go use them for inspiration. That's Sean Guy, John, maybe Joe Bennett. I'm not sure if he does that style of content, but I'm sure he probably does.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And really, really, really powerful play here. This is going to be a few months down the line here. But if you can become known for this style of content and get that education and the physique and everything, you could absolutely start doing mini-courses and running them as a little bit of a lead magnet, a slower nurturing cycle. And I think if we could get to that stage, it would, like, you'd just be pumping.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Callum Hinze: I don't think so. That's pretty much straightforward.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. I'll send you a recap of all this. Anyway, but if you do have any questions, just let me know. And then are you okay with that 9 a.m.
Callum Hinze: spot moving forward on Thursday? Yeah, sorry. That's my mistake. I didn't do that, but I will switch that. 9 a.m., and that's fine.
Kyle Musca: Weekly that way through. Yeah. You should have got an RSVP, I believe.
Callum Hinze: I did, actually. I did. I just didn't. I didn't just stay properly. And I woke up this morning. was like, hold on a second. Why have I got you looking for two? That was my bad. 9 a.m.
Kyle Musca: on the gossip. Perfect. Cool, man. All right. I'll send you all that stuff. But yeah, if we just pump it over this next week or so, we can finish the end of the year strong and then start the next year strong as well.
Callum Hinze: All right. Beautiful. I'll to work on that. I appreciate it. Thanks again for fitting us in last minute with the different times and stuff.
Kyle Musca: No, you're all good, man. Cool, bro. All right. I'll lead you back to it, and I'll chat to you very soon. All right. Awesome. Thanks again for all that. All good.


>>> 45/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-15T00:01:40Z | id:108575581
People: Kyle Musca

Arran Humphreys: This meeting is being recorded. Good, man. Good. How are you doing?
Kyle Musca: I think, man.
Arran Humphreys: Good.
Kyle Musca: good. Good. It's like Sunday kind of throws me off when we have these calls.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, is it? Yes. What time is it over there?
Kyle Musca: It's 3 p.m.
Arran Humphreys: Sunday at the moment. Oh, yeah, right. You like proper different timing. How's the trip been so far?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good, man. Good. Like, it's not proper snowing, but it's doing pretty all right, I guess. Like, it's proper snowing on the hill, but it's not like peak season snowboarding yet.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Well, we'll right in, bro.
Arran Humphreys: How has this week been? Good, man. It's been a pretty good week. We got, well, it was me the biggest week yet of sales, so that was pretty sick. We got four new sign-ups. sign-ups. We got We Had six calls in total, seven booked, one didn't show, and then obviously just got some really good reels as well, man, on the account. So Reach was  really good this week, man, which was sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Yeah, those two videos popped off. And, man, like, I would just say that's coming down to you starting to sort of find your voice a little bit. and sort of, you know, create that polarizing content.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which I think is , like, that's exactly what we want to do. So really it's just about, like, continuing to keep that up, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Let me just go, sorry, I'm just going to the job form.
Kyle Musca: There you are. location thing. Because that shooter one also  popped off, man. 35K there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that was that one. that one. them.
Arran Humphreys: I should have won Zora, so 70k. Yeah. Yeah, I posted that last night. And then even...
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't be afraid to...
Arran Humphreys: Even one of those, I did a talking reel in like Kmart, that went good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I saw that as well. So, yeah, I wouldn't even be... Yeah, the Kmart cutting cheat codes. Yeah, so you've gotten some really good traction on your pages, man. I wouldn't be afraid to, you know, voice your own opinion. You know what Like, if you're, you know, for example, shooting one, you know, you come from the angle of like this... I don't know what angle you came from, but theoretically, if came from the angle of like, this is , we didn't stop letting undocumented people into our  country, et cetera, et cetera. Like, that's a super polarizing... Fathomizing sort of piece of content, right? But that's fine because it's like, man, like, the , you know, if you're getting thrown into stuff, if you're on the side and it's the other people of, like, immigrants and stuff that see you're, and to be honest, they're probably not going to  sign up to your coaching anyway, you know what mean? Whereas that will help strengthen your  flying fireworks, everything like that, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that definitely makes sense, bro.
Kyle Musca: So, like, obviously, you know, there's a line to a form of fitness, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, and that was sort of, like, my only thing, like, I just wanted to make, I didn't want to, like,  me algorithm for, like, like, ideal clientele, you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. It's like, it's a fine line. You've got to approach it with caution, obviously, but if there is a belief or a cause that you sort of do believe in or you are quite opinionated about, like, as long as you're not sort of neo-Nazi-ing it, you know, I wouldn't be afraid to sort of, you know, speak up or, again, it doesn't have to be something like that. It can be just, you know, anything. could be like mindset, it could be relationship, it could be, you know, all that , you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, I get you. So, yeah, man, like, that, uh, those reels, but...
Kyle Musca: Can you hear me?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, bro, yeah, I can hear you. He's a bit laggy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Um, I got, I got, like, 250 follows off them reels, but, so that was good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, same. Yeah, because, again, this is, like, you're building your core audience now, which is, like, once you get a few of those reels. To have a bit of traction stuff, people are to start really engaging with your content a lot. So it's like if you can just continuously post good quality content and everything like that, then those people are going to re-see it, re-engage, and then that's going to help to push and pump in the algorithm. So just stay really, really consistent, especially through this sort of next week or so, especially leading into Christmas, because a lot of people will get lazy and stop posting as much. If you can just, you know, keep utilising that traction now, then, you know, you'll be golden.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Because I expect, I've seen at the end of their week, of this week, like, inquiries, like, dropped right off. Like, probably because now we're like a week out from Christmas. People are like, it's going to be a bit harder. But I'm just going to just keep pushing it so that New Year's hopefully get a bit of an influx coming through there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, 100%. Okay, perfect. So we'll go through the form. six calls taken, seven booked. Do you have one left or one just didn't show?
Arran Humphreys: Just didn't show, man.
Kyle Musca: Okay, have you reached back out to him?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I sent him a message, but just no reply. Did that all ghost on you? Yeah, yeah, All right, he'll get that.
Kyle Musca: Biggest week yet, beautiful, smart. Have you had your calls with the guys from the seven-day program stuff?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, man. So one of them was the one that didn't show. One was the one I closed. Then the other one, I couldn't quite close him. Because he was sort of like a colder lead. The thing was, I couldn't get him to admit that he couldn't do it himself. Like, he was quite adamant that he could do it himself. Like, when I was trying to get it, ask him, like, you know, man, like, so... He do you think you can go do this on your own? And he was like, oh, yeah, I reckon I can do it on my own. And I was like, oh, . And I was like trying to find something, but I just couldn't get it out of it.
Kyle Musca: Again, you're just going to keep asking questions to dig around that. So it's like, did you ask him, has he tried it before?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. And he was like, yeah, I've tried it before, but like, and then he was like, oh, I just like couldn't stay consistent. So then I like hammered him on that, but then he was adamant that like, nah, but I think I could still do it myself. And I was like, what?
Kyle Musca: So, God. Yeah. You just like kind of call him out, kind of say in a way that you're not like trying to degrade them, but it sounds stupid. So it's like, oh, yeah, I can do it myself. Yeah. You could probably do it yourself, but you've tried before, man. So I guess if you couldn't do it, then what's changed now?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Rightio. Like, and then you just say like, yeah. So when he says something like that, I would. Always pull up the solution. So it's like, I've tried myself. I just couldn't stay consistent with it. Oh, right. So it sounds like, you know, having someone there to give you that bit of, like, accountability would be really helpful to you then. Yeah. Okay. Because it's like, yeah, you could do it yourself, man. Like, it's not  rocket science. You know, at the end of the day, it's pretty, like, standard stuff.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Most guys don't come to me because they don't know how to do it themselves. They come to me because they need that extra bit of it, and they don't keep going through cycles where they're on and off.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did that come through, or was that laggy?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, it came through at the end. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, yeah, in those scenarios, I wouldn't try and sell the fact that like, he couldn't go do it himself because everyone could go do it themselves, right? It's more so about the accountability to make sure that they stay on track and actually keep You're following through with them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, the way you sort of worded that, it makes... sorry, yeah. The way you sort of worded that, I reckon, you you sort of put it on them a little bit as well. I get what you mean. Because I was saying to him, I was saying, you know, very like, obviously, yeah, you know, accountability sounds like a problem. But I didn't go, oh, yeah, you know, you've tried it yourself. So, like, what are you going to do again, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, again, you've just got to kind of always sell the solution. So, like, and then this is why, like, again, without any context of the other questions he's answered in terms of, like, you know, how long have you been trying to lose this way or whatever his goal was? What have these been, like, biggest issues? Why did he decide to do that seven-day program that you put out? Why not just sort of keep pushing it down the road like most men do? You know what mean? So, it depends on the answers from those questions as well.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, the fact, so you got one sign-up out of it total?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, man. Yeah, and I've got another three calls at the end of the week for like the week after. And then I'm going to do another one this week today and get another lot through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. And then what I would do, man, is just save it in the back pocket, man. Like, Magic, make sure you, like, list down all the guys that don't join. And just in the New Year's, man, go back and Magic had them and just be like, hey, bro, you I chose one dude, one guy at random that's come through that program to give a $500 coaching voucher.
Arran Humphreys: must be your lucky day because I pulled your name out of the hat. Yeah. And then how do you do that? Do you still get in the pay up front? Like, do you just save $500 off? Like, do you $500 $500 $500 do do do do Like, Thank Did that come through, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you obviously told them the price and stuff. Told them the price then, I assume?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. That's glitched. What's going on here?
Kyle Musca: internet is fast.
Arran Humphreys: We're getting there. We're there.
Kyle Musca: It's getting a little bit better. can... There we go. Yeah, so you might say $250 or something. Like the Magic Hat, have I explained the Magic Hat to you before?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean, you still say it, you still frame it as like, you know, you say three months of $1,500, then you still say it as three months of, you know, well, $1 or whatever. And then it's like, you can't break it down if you want to.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because then that would be at like $150. Amen. Five bucks a week, whatever it comes out to be.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, I don't, I kind of prefer to get like, I've been trying to push the monthly reoccurring, because it's reoccurring. Like you said ages ago, it's like, you don't have to try to resell them. You can just keep it over, keep rolling. When you get past it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, while you're keeping things nice and organic and everything like that, in general, like, well, here's the thing, right? Like, while you're keeping things nice and organic, it's good to do, just because you've got no overheads and stuff. And, you know, it's nice, just reoccurring profit. When you start running ads and everything like that, we'll probably also look at increase, like, if and when we decide to run ads, that's probably when we'll start to break out into the higher tier packages as well, just trying, you know, recoup on some of that ad spend and marketing costs a little bit more. But that's also, that's when you kind of want to get in the best. And then, you know, you've just got that reoccurring coming in after that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make, did that come through all good?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, came through pretty good at the end there. Yeah, so essentially, yeah, that makes sense. Try and sell it.
Kyle Musca: How much, how much, how many clients have you got currently, like active clients?
Arran Humphreys: Ah, hang on. Active, 52, and I've got four overdue, so 56.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's so. Excellent. The end of the year, it's going to start quietening down pretty much from the end of this week onwards. So it's really just about prepping for the New Year's. Did you still want to look at going into ads?
Arran Humphreys: Well, what's your opinion? I was thinking if I could get to 5K reoccurring weekly, that would be good, like organic, and then that gives me more of that extra money that I'm  making from work now. It puts me in the same spot because ideally, the way I'm thinking is if I can push into New Year and try to get – all that is is like five more clients, four, four, five more clients. And then I can – it's not like dragging it out of it. But I don't know, bro. Like, if you think it's going to work better. But like you said, that message, it's really dependent.
Kyle Musca: We've got to try it out. Yeah, I mean, like, you've got good organic content and everything like that, man. And you've got, it's consistent as well. That's really the main thing I look at when it comes to running ads. It's not so much about, like, having a massive following or anything. It's just like, are you, do you resonate with the followers that you do have any consistently getting content out of there? Because essentially what it will act as is like a little bit of a landing page, you know, someone, it's a cold audience. They'll see you and then they'll message you through, or they might stalk your page. Either one can be in either order. But eventually they will stalk your page. And it's like, if you just have   content and, you know, you just don't, you're not very personable, you're not very relatable and stuff, then you'll just get a lot, you know, you might get decent amount of messages. You might even get a decent cost per lead, but the conversions can really drop off just because you don't have that strong branding, if that makes sense. But I think you do have the branding there, that it's worth a shot. If I didn't say it was worth it, it wouldn't. You know, it's not worth a shot, then I would say we can just keep pushing organic longer. You've just got to take into consideration that when you do start stepping into the world of marketing, you do take on more risk of, you know, you have to spend obviously money on marketing. You have to spend money on the setters account and everything, or converting on the people that do come through. You can very rapidly scale off the back end of that.
Arran Humphreys: So that's the trade. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If it works, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Like anything, too. And I understand that as well, you know. That comes through.
Kyle Musca: Oh, there you go. Did you hear what I said there?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I guess it just depends on, you know, what you wanted to do at the end of it. I mean, worst comes to worst. We could try it for a few weeks and it could just. to Can you mean? need want a���olylia If this doesn't  work, then we can just go back to too organic. I mean, yeah, it's not like any of the changes would do irreversible by any means.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Well, I did hit up the videographer here. He said like 250 bucks per shoot. That's without him like editing. Is that right?
Kyle Musca: How many videos did you get out of that?
Arran Humphreys: I'm just having a look. For each shoot, he said. So. I don't know how long that is. I should ask him, eh? Like if I got a fair few, that'd be all right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so when we go into the world of, you know, running ads, we'll split tests heavily, so, like, I'll give you three different scripts, essentially, but each one will have four different hooks to test, so you have 12 videos, and 12 videos, and then we'll run all the graphics and everything like that. You'd very much expect, though, you'd be able to get three, least, because it's essentially three videos, um, out of one shoot. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it just, it really comes down, if you, if you've got the extra, uh, you know, cash flow in your business to, you know, play around with it, because, like, unfortunately, there's no, sort of... I guess, easy solution to it. It's just like, we've got to test it. Testing is unfortunately, you know, can be expensive. Idea is for us to find a winning ad, and then we can scale that like a . That's, you know, the ideal outcome.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yep, yep. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Well, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Well, sort of thinking, I mean, well, I finished my job on , what is it? On like the 23rd of January. So that's like a month there. Because what I'm thinking is right now, if I go, if I get like a bunch of leads, as well as trying to keep on top of my content and my current clients, juggling with work, I'll probably be like. I can try to do everything at once, but if I, when we go full-time, I'm going to be able to actually reply to all the DMs and actually get a good outcome from it. So what do you, probably?
Kyle Musca: Well, that's the good thing at the end. When you run ads and stuff, like I've tried this the other way. Just doing your own DMs and stuff, just doesn't work. When you run ads, definitely need to run ads, you know what I mean? So it's like you've got to have someone that's just intrigued more properly. Um, and it's, it's extremely  tedious for you to try and do it on your own. And even if this, you're already like full Time with this. And this is the only thing focusing on it, which I've seen in the past. It's it's not the same. Like you just, it's a very  tedious job. In saying that, like, again, there's always like positives and negatives to both sides, right? Because the positive to that is like, if the ads work and I've already got the team, the setting team, they've already been trained. We can just like find someone, plug into your account, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, man.
Kyle Musca: Yes, you and Kuro are a bit more of them. Yeah. You incur a little bit more of an overhead. They're pretty  cheap, not going to lie for the work that they do. But if things work, it becomes more automated because all you have to do is just rock up, take the call, close people, coach them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that'd be good, eh? Because that's the whole, that's the thing.
Kyle Musca: So, and this is something like...
Arran Humphreys: Sorry, bro. So that's the thing, like the more, the bigger you kind of scale, it's sort of like the less workload, really. Because you can outsource it more.
Kyle Musca: Well, this is the thing you have to sort of take into consideration is that you need to get comfortable with sort of cash flow coming through your business, right? Like when you're keeping it small scale and you're doing everything yourself, you're doing all the coaching, you're handling, you're wearing every single hat in the business. It's like, yes, you're super profitable, but you very easily hit a ceiling where you just can't do any more, right? So it's like, well, we need to start. So it's like three steps. I like to refer to it as like a three-step sort of, I guess, system, right? Step one is like, you've got no money, but you've got all the time in the world because you've got no clients. It's like a client base to get to, you know, to the point. That's step one, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Still with me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Step two is like, okay, I've got a lot of money now or a decent amount of money in my business, but like I've got  all time, you know what I'm working, you know, massive hours every single week. I've got no time to actually, you're spending so much time in the business that you've got no time to work on the business, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's called, I'm getting close to that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's like step one from start to finish. That's when we need to like focus on like, all right, we need to go over to step two. And essentially what that is, is just buying back your time. So it's like, we need to get people into, you know, do the , I wouldn't say editing. I'd say keep it very nice and organic, but that was the first sort of delegation the guy did. But then it's like, we need to give people the setters is probably the first thing you want to delegate. You know, getting into a bit more paid marketing, bring more leads through the door, et cetera, et cetera. So you start building out a bit of a team. And then like, if that all works out really well, bring on a coach and everything like that. So everything is pretty, it's as delegated as you possibly can, can be. And then it's like, that's the end of step two. From there, can enter into step three, which is like the entire business is running automatically. All you have to do is just make content and continue focusing on working on the business instead of working in the business.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Which is the goal.
Kyle Musca: So, like, eventually you'll have to get that point. And it's a real  confusing time, I'm not going to lie. Because if you've, like, remained pretty, you know, profit-heavy for so long, and then especially once you start seeing, like, large stuff come in and out of your business, business, man, it is a bit daunting at the start. You get comfortable with that time. Oh.
Arran Humphreys: Still there? I lost . No, I lost  on that one. I lost I I heard, um, get comfortable. I heard, get comfortable. Yeah, bro, yeah. We got you now. Hmm. There you go. We there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, bro. Got you. You just got to get used to having, you already come to the end, you'll probably start seeing, you know, large number. Yeah. Oh, I think it's still laggy. Yeah. Got you. There we go.
Arran Humphreys: Looks all right now. Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: That's it. Okay. Yeah, cool. All right. Um, yeah, I just want to see if it works.
Arran Humphreys: There we go. We're getting there. All right. Really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. All right. There we go. Thanks for right now. Yeah. Does that all make sense or did I cut out?
Arran Humphreys: Just got to get comfortable, essentially, seeing big numbers going out and coming in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Like once you start, yeah. Because once you start building out a team and everything, it's like, because right now, anything you pretty much earn from it is just profit, right? You can just  spend that on whatever you want. Whereas like, you've got to start managing finances a little bit more when, you know, you've got a team, you've got staff, you're spending money on it, marketing and everything. But again, that's why, you know, a simple  solution is just to increase your rates. So it's like, if you're charging $1,500 now for three months, we'd probably look at bringing out a $2,000 package. And if your cost to acquire a client is, let's say, you know, $300, $400, then you're still, you know, just as profitable as you are now.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Does that all make sense? Yeah, that makes sense, man. And as I get better at closing in that, like, be able to push the, be able to close higher ticket as well. Every time I do a sale, I'm getting better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, especially with, like, fly-in, fly-out guys and everything like that, I mean, like, you can definitely sort of gear it towards, oh, man, like, I understand how hectic it is. Like, a lot of fly-in, fly-out guys go with this because I'll build out your entire  calendar. I'll sit down with you, have a look at what's at the mess, and I'll, like, fully build your meal plan specifically off those actual ingredients in real time. Whatever you decide to  throw into it, right? But you basically just gear it heavily towards that niche audience, and that's why it, you know, costs  three grand for three months. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, like, they have the money. Like, fly-in-fly-out guys have the money.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So that's why it's quite a good niche to be in as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And I think we would just, I think to give us the best hope, we would probably just like put out all our eggs in that basket and just focus on like all your ads geared towards tradies and, you know, telling your story as well. Like, you you've got a great story in terms of you've done the work yourself, you've been through it. You know, who's going to understand you better than someone who's done it himself.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: So, it is up to you though. Like, you're the captain of ship at the end of the day.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. No, that all makes sense, bro. That all does make heaps of sense. So, I'll, um, I've just got to set up, I've got to set me zero up and , get like the whole business actually real clean. But so, And then, before I go adding in more elements, guess, that Richie lad helped me set it all up, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but he does seem good in terms of, like, actually chatting, actually have the chat, like, over a phone or something. Um, yeah, sick. And then, have I ran you through, like, the prices of setters and stuff like that?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, nah.
Kyle Musca: So, and this is, uh, where delegating, you know, delegating doesn't have to be very expensive at all. Like, you just delegate to, like, Philippines or something like that, man. And you get really good quality work for, like, extremely  cheap. So, for my setters, man, there'll be, you'll have to chat to Clemente, which she basically runs the team. And you'll just communicate with her, and then she'll, like, figure it out for you. She'll sort it out, and then... ... ... Once you have that, I would ask her to create a group chat with the setter so you can directly communicate, but we'll get to that. But essentially, and again, you'll have to run this up with her, but what I have going is between 5 to 6 USD an hour, so  all, and then like 25, again, depending on how, the more hours you put her in the account, the more like you'll be able to get away with. But, so for me, I think I pay like 6 USD an hour, and then 25 USD per sale I get.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Okay, so it's like a commission sort of base thing.
Kyle Musca: It's like a flat rate plus commission sort of, yeah, thing.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. And then how long did I actually need? Is it just like a daily thing? And you tell them, like, I want you to be on there an hour or two hours a day or something like that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so bare minimum, I would say you need them in there like six hours a day. Yeah. And just because, again, Spirit2Lead is super critical. They'll do all the follow-ups for you and all that  as well. But, yeah, you need them in a peak hour. Like, ideally, if you've got the lead flow, I definitely give them, like, 8 to 10, but, like, a bare minimum of 6. So two hours in the morning at between, like, 8 a.m. to 10 a.m., two hours in, like, sort of between 12 to 2 p.m., and then four hours or two to four hours at night time between, like, , you know, 4 to 10 p.m.
Arran Humphreys: or 6 to 10 p.m. or whatever. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah. And would we start out? What was So, like, would we see how many leads are actually coming through? Because, like, say I was getting, , five or six leads a day, that probably doesn't need that too long. Or do you reckon it's probably... But when ads come through, it's flowing through.
Kyle Musca: Well, again, depends on, you know, like that's something we won't know until we like set it up and test it. I would probably just like, if we're going to do it, I would have the conversation with her. I would get everything all set up and just kind of, just communication with her is really important. Like just explain what you're doing. Say like, hey, I'm just going to, you know, this is our first time running ads. I'm not a hundred percent sure on the response. do like, you want you guys in there. Absolutely. Just making sure that, you know, I'm getting the lead flow for it. That makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But essentially just having her there ready. So it's like, if it does have a really good response, then it's like, all right, we can just like turn it up.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Because we're kind of stepping into a whole new world with this as well, because have you got many chat?
Arran Humphreys: go. So I downloaded it the last call we talked about it, but I haven't implemented it for anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you'll need the ManyChat subscription to set up the flows and everything like that. And then the other thing is we'll need to set up a conversion API. So the guy that does it for me, he charges 250 US, it's just a once-off thing. But essentially what that is, is it's like we need to hook it up to, this is super, super important. Essentially what a conversion API does, it's on its own will always try  rob you. Meta's a bit of a dog like that. So it will say the conversion sort of ratio metric it has is cost per result. But cost per result is a really bad indicator of like quality of lead. So, and trying to figure out how to explain this. In one go. So that's just anyone that clicks on the message, right? Could be a misclick, could be a  12-year-old, could be a bum, you know, could be a drug addict, whatever. So anyone that clicks, they're like, sweet, that's, you know, a response, that's a conversion, we're going to charge you for that, right? So Meta's objective isn't to get you the best quality leads, it's to get you the most leads.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then what can end up happening is you can get into a really aggressive cycle. Cool, this type of person engages with this ad, let's show more people this ad.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: this is like really bad because like, for instance, I had an issue where a bunch of  14-year-olds have messaged through, and then it would get into, and then, you you set your age to the age you're like looking for, for like 25, but it's obviously a bunch of 14-year-olds have set their age to like 30, let's say. you. So they're 14, but they're 30 on paper. So it's like, let's go find a  more, you know, 30-year-olds that are interested in Fortnite and all this  because it goes off interest targeting, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you get into these really aggressive cycles where all these like shittest quality leads are messaging you. Whereas what the conversion API does is we set it at the end of the many chat flow after we qualify them. Again, I quickly ask like, what's your goal? Cut weight, let's say. What is your struggle? Let's say it's nutrition. And then I ask a qualifying question, right? Usually, I think for you, working full-time, slash apprentice, students, is all you?
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Are you with me?
Arran Humphreys: Just that last bit. Hang on. It's just glitched out.
Kyle Musca: out.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I think that's better. That's a little bit better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we said to convert a gap on someone who's working for people, they're a good qualifier.
Arran Humphreys: So, you're back.
Kyle Musca: There we go. Which is weird because I just got into town, so I don't know how the internet just  up there. But anyway, yeah. So anyway, the conversion API is set on, let's say, working full-time, right?
Arran Humphreys: Does that make sense for it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: This does two things, right? One, I can see when I'm actually scaling the ad, what a cost per lead is. So this is an actual engaged conversation. Someone who's had intent, like it's not a misclick. They've gone through the entire many chats, actually intent on conversation. And then it also shows us who obviously is qualified to the point of this is brought in the right type of person, right? And so anything under, like as a base level metric, anything under $21 is considered like decent for a cost per result. Anything under $15 for a cost per result is considered good. But I've had a, when I implemented this conversion API and it could actually track like a lead. And cost per lead. I had one ad that was at like $20 for cost per result, which is scalable. I'd leave it on. I'd probably keep pushing it a little bit, like a fair bit, depending on how the other ones were performing. But I set up the conversion API and then judging off the actual cost per lead, so a good quality conversation, it was $200. So it was like $20 compared to $200. So it's like, that's why it's not important, because if I didn't know that, I probably would have continued scaling all the way up, and it would have just kept  finding the wrong quality leads.
Arran Humphreys: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's a short-term sort of like, you know, I can immediately see to scale the right ads. But then also from a long-term perspective, what will happen is that conversion API is sending that data back into meta, saying like, keep finding me more people like this. So over time, your account will actually accumulate more data to figure out who it should be showing your ads and your cost.
Arran Humphreys: One, ten, two more. That's pretty smart, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No one else, I've never, like, I know other marketers and stuff, other coaches that, you know, do a lot of ad stuff. They, no one else has set that up and it's an absolute  godsend.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, man. Yeah, that's sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, it's not, like, the dude will do it all for you, but it's just that, obviously, that one self-investment of the $250 USD.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, which sounds like it's definitely worth it.
Kyle Musca: If you're going to run ads, like, I would, yeah, if someone is, like, it's a bit of a kick in the balls, but if someone wasn't willing to, you know, do that, I'd be like, it's not worth running ads, then, like, you will definitely be good on that. Yeah, so, yeah, basically, I'm just trying to be as transparent with all the things I'm running ads.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, and, no, it's good, but, because I like to, I like to kind of have everything planned out, have an idea of what it It's going to be like, but I do think it's, I reckon we'll be able to get a pretty good return on it because it, there's, it's a bit of a neat, like there's a few lads out there targeting tradies and that, but they, I mean, there's plenty of people that run ads, but they're just , they don't know what they're doing.
Kyle Musca: You know, there's the setup, there's the messaging, there's the funnel, like there's, there is a lot of moving parts with ads. Um, and a lot of people just like, don't know how to do it from  front to back. You know what mean? Like the whole system needs to be refined and dialed. Um, and it's extremely  expensive. Um, you can bypass all that and we'll just implement all the right  from the start. Um, but if they, man, like if they  click and they, they resonate, like you can  scale your business within, you know, a month or two.
Arran Humphreys: True. That's sick, eh. Yeah. It's  sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah, I guess those are the things that are involved. So, yeah, there's no massive rush on that either way. So you can just sort of have a think about it if you want to turn it on and go for that in January, then we can. Otherwise, we can just keep pushing organically until you've got like a little bit more of a, like that reoccurring revenue coming through.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. No, that's awesome. Thanks, Heath, for that, bro. All that's actually really good insight just to be able to, you know, plan it out a bit better, get a bit of a game plan for the new year as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, in essence, you know, you have to invest a bit more, but if we get it clicking, like literally all you do is you just show up,  take calls, close them, and then it's like we can get that system dialed in. It's like the next step would be, all right, let's get a coach on so you can keep taking more, like, calls. And then eventually, like. With time, the ideal goal would be to let's get you out of working with clients so much. Someone else does all that work for you and you just keep focusing on marketing the business, building the business. And again, working on the business instead of in the business because as the business owner, you should get to the point where you're spending like 80% of the time figuring out how to bring more money into the business. And you can't do that if you're spending all the time in the business, fulfilling the clients and everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of that?
Arran Humphreys: No, man. That was super insightful. That was really good. Thank you, man.
Kyle Musca: That's all good. But I've got all the scripts. Again, I've got Clemet. It doesn't take, like, it takes about a week max to get a set of ready, prepped in your account and everything like that. So, um... um... um... um... Thank you. Yeah, I've got all that stuff for you. So whenever you, if you want to do it, just let me know. Have a think about it. But I can send over the scripts and all that stuff. Cool thing about what they do as well is, and on this note as well, I would never go just a purely commission-based setter, simply because they're usually  greedy little pricks. And they don't, you know, when they're in your account, they don't care about who they spam or who they piss off, and you know, they just want to get paid. So it's like having them on like a nice flat weight, flat rate removes that incentives. Obviously, you want commission-based, therefore a performance bonus, so they actually give a . So there's that. There is the other alternative of going down something like Sages Setters, for example, who by the sounds of it do do really well, but they're just a purely flat rate thing. And I think it's, I've got an affiliate thing with them as well. It's like 15 Australian dollars an hour. But essentially what they do is they... It's like an agency where they'll go find the setter for you. They'll vet people, make sure they've got previous experience, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And then you'll be able to interview them all, pick the person you choose, and go with them, and there's no commissions. They seem to work great for him. I haven't personally used them, but I do know people that do use them, and they seem to be fine. I did do the maths on it, though. unless you're, like, Clemé and her team's the more affordable option, unless you're making over, like, 5,000, because, like, you're signing so many clients, you're having to pay her with the flat rate and commissions over 5,000 a month.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's like, hers is probably the better route until that point.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Shall be a  off, Leeds. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But, so, and then what the setters will do is we'll get all the documents and stuff for this, but essentially, I'll... We'll build out like a mega guide for like the tonality and everything like that that you want to use with your ideal avatar. And then basically what they'll do is they'll build a project in ChatGPT where they have that tonality with a few other documents I'll give them, as well as the actual script itself. And that will feed every single answer through the ChatGPT project. So it's not like, because if you just follow a script, you'll lose people, but then it personalizes the response really well, while still moving them through the direction of the script to get to the outcome.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Let's start, So, yeah. Like, there's a period like starting, because it's a new setter, they have to get used to your tonality and everything like that, where you have to, and you should always do this, but like, you know, give them a lot of feedback and tell them how to handle certain things. Especially when you're not happy with it. But as long as you've got that good line of communication, like they pick it up. Really quick. then once they're like settled into your account and stuff and you found the right one, it's like, you should be pretty happy with the conversations happening in there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Cool. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Arran Humphreys: No, man. That was super insightful. Thank you, bro.
Kyle Musca: That's all good. Let me know. Like, again, no pressure either way. And if that's the route you want to go down, then we'll just start prepping for that. And get it all sorted.
Arran Humphreys: Sweet, bro. Sounds good to me, man.
Kyle Musca: Ledger, man. Anything else you want to cover while I go at you at all?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, not really. Nah. That was pretty good. If I have anything, I'll just swing you a message. But hopefully just keep pumping the content this week, bro, and just get a bit more reach. It's quite refreshing, but to see some traction on the account, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%, man. 100%. 100%. Also, I was about to say, I was just having a look, about doing the nice, bold thing in the captions of your posts. When did a lot of those leads come through, man? Were they in the last couple of days?
Arran Humphreys: No, they were at the start of the week. At the start of the week. Like, on the Monday, Monday or Saturday. Looking on the calendar.
Kyle Musca: So... Yeah, those in-store ones, man. 10k there, 12k there. They're doing pretty well for you.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, and I've got another, , three or four of them. There was one of them, I was, honestly, if you can watch it, I just want to get your opinion. It just flopped. I didn't understand. So there was one other Woolworths one I did that literally is the same setup. It's like, it's a couple under, meal prep cheat codes. But it just got, it got my normal reach. And I was like, that's a bit weird because it's literally the same kind of setup. But I don't know, maybe it was just not a good one. I was thinking of maybe trying a different hook and re-uploading it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let me have a guess. For all you lazy puns out there, these are my top three milker packs that are going to save you. If you're on a diet and you want to put some sauce on your plain as  chicken and rice, these are my top three sauces. So I'm in all of you cheap puns' favorite place. I'm about to give you three hacks under $50 to start your fitness journey. For all you lazy puns out there, if you're on a diet and you want to put some sauce on your plain as  chicken and rice, for all you lazy puns out there, these are my top three milker packs that are going to save you time, money, and energy. Now, this one is a personal favorite of mine. Could be maybe.
Arran Humphreys: I thought it was pretty similar, but that's why I was a bit confused.
Kyle Musca: If you're on a diet and you want to put some sauce on your plain as , chicken and rice, for all you lazy  out there, these are my top three meal prep hacks that are going to save you time, money, and energy. Now, this one is like, so I'm in all of you cheap ' favourite place. I'm about to give you three hacks under $50 to start your fitness journey. Number one, and my personal favourite is. I mean, sometimes it can just be, you know, it just doesn't hit the right audience. The only other thing I could maybe think of is like, maybe the audience, like the background music and stuff, maybe was a little bit louder than that one, and that, like, the algorithm didn't like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. It was interesting. But, I mean, I'll just keep giving those on the go, because they've obviously added some traction, and then I've also, because obviously it was quite a polarising topic. I think I was. I about in the car driving, but it was a bit different because I've done ones in the car but stagnant. That one I was in the car driving, so the background was moving, so it's making it a bit more going on. So I've just pumped this morning, like driving to the gym, I did like four different ones of that. So I'm going to see how they go because it worked.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, and that's what I was kind of saying at the very start as well, is like, don't be afraid to, you know, , talk about topics that aren't just purely fitness related. Like that one is obviously, you know, checking up on your mates and everything like that. But, you know, go down the avenue of like, you know, if you're , you know, mental health and fitness, you know what I mean? Like if you're  fat and depressed, you're not, you know, you're not , you're not depressed because you're fat. You're , you're not fat because you're depressed. You're depressed because you're fat. You know what mean? Like, again, come up with your own angles and everything like that. But I find people are trying to like everyone, the fitness. Like, fitness niche is so  saturated, you know what mean? Like, everyone talks about the most basic , and it's been done a million times. Whereas, like, if you can, like, relate other aspects of life to the fitness side of things, then, you know, that's where I find you gain, well, I gain a lot of traction as well. And you can kind of see even that, like, I haven't actually, like, reviewed this in depth, so maybe I'm completely  wrong. But, you know, when I'm posting pure fitness-related , it doesn't, you know, get as much content to a degree. Like, if I'm talking about, you know, I guess this one's a good example, right? Like, for this one, I was talking about, like, the  mindsets that build the man, the habits that build physique, all that stuff. Whereas, this one, for example, I was just talking about, like,  big forearms, you know what I mean? This one, was talking about, like, how breakups and cheating and whatever the . You know, like, fantastic for changing your life and changing your ways and X, Y, Z, right? And like, for this one, for example, I was talking about how aggressive cuts are better than slow cuts, right? So it's still fitness, but it's like, it's not just , you know, I guess, basic surface-level  that everyone  knows, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, tie other concepts into it. Or sometimes just talk , like this one I just , you know, made a joke of. Like, it doesn't always have to be educational. This one I just made a joke of. Yeah, it doesn't always have to be educational. Sometimes you can't just talk  for the sake of talking . And people, you know, they'll like you for that because you're not really trying to sell anything if you're just talking .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense, bro. Cool, but I think you're fine. Finding sort of a groove with your content and everything like that. You're finding an audience that resonates with it. And I guess just like finding an overall voice. So just keep doubling down and just keep being consistent and keep pumping it out, man.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent.
Kyle Musca: Especially while you're on a hot streak. Because like one video, two videos, good traction, like usually consecutively goes on. So, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. It's good  finishing the year up like pushing. So I'm like, this is sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. It's usually when the people take their foot off the pedal, man. So it's like, this is like one of the best times to do it. Because, yeah, less competition than we'll have ever.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Certainly good.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. All right. Well, let's, you can still have a big week this week. I think, I reckon this is probably the last week before it starts to die down.
Arran Humphreys: So, yeah. Just keep going hard. Keep trying to get it done. Awesome, bro. Appreciate your time, man.
Kyle Musca: No worries, man. Yeah. Awesome, man. If you have any questions, just sing out. late. Too late. late. See you, bro. I'll talk to you. Legend. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 46/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-16T22:46:55Z | id:109255034
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Is it SheSales? This meeting is being recorded. Have you shown them?
jese Smith-shields: I had a meeting with them and everything before end of last week, and I showed them a message on Monday, and they reckon they've had four online fitness businesses on their lap these last coming days. But, yeah, it is what it is.
Kyle Musca: That's interesting. Um, okay. So, I mean, you've had a fair few landing page views on the, on the top.
jese Smith-shields: On the app.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Um, okay, that's interesting. We'll see. Let's see how it goes. Let me, okay, perfect. Um, did you get a chance to fill out that drop form?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, she should have got it done, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Hold on. How has this week been overall in terms of how many calls have you yet booked? pull it up in a second.
jese Smith-shields: Well, it seems like it's been quite a busy week. Let me pull up this dashboard. Okay.
Kyle Musca: There we go. Yeah, beautiful. Forty-two calls taken this week.
jese Smith-shields: Almost 15. it's been quite a busy week, actually.
Kyle Musca: , 32 grand.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's  not bad at all, man. Okay. Still a pretty low close rate overall.
jese Smith-shields: I mean, that's still 10, 12 clients or something. Yeah, we got 12 clients.
Kyle Musca: Okay. you. Have you been taking calls again?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What's your close rate?
jese Smith-shields: I close four out of five.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, dude, that's, as we spoke about, yes, last week, like your closers are just  giving  excuses as to why they're not closing. And it doesn't even make sense because you don't even have that much authority in terms of like, it's not like your Kiana, you're not the face of the business or anything like that. They're not going to defend all over you. So the fact that you can go four out of five and they're going, you know, 20% and 8%.
jese Smith-shields: It's just not funny, but it's laughable. mean. Yeah. I had a conversation with them after we got off a call last week and pretty much put it on and saying it's not good enough. And then I've had a conversation with them. For some reason, they weren't offering like to break it down into weekly options as well. So now we'll just. They were just trying to get the bigger packages for that, and they didn't even know that we could do the weekly, which made no sense because I've built out all the payment plans to have weekly as well.
Kyle Musca: Have you given the payment structure breakdown?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Were they trying to do that, or were they just trying to, like, only paid in fulls?
jese Smith-shields: Well, I started pushing everyone through the weeklies as well, so I'd break it down. I'd try and get them on the high ticket and then resort to the weekly if needed to, and then she messaged me saying, because I set up a bit of a funnel, so whenever anyone gets a sale, the other closers get notified for it, and she messaged me asking if she could do that to push them on to weekly as well, and I was kind of confused. I was back taken by it. was like, what do you mean? Like, we've set up all this for you to be able to have it.
Kyle Musca: What? What? What? It depends on the context of weekly. So like what is that just like weekly from the start?
jese Smith-shields: And if so, we'd try and get a deposit out of them. So depending on what they're able to pay and then that changes the weekly structure.
Kyle Musca: Right.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you got to be like cautious with this because yeah, if they're just trying to go for like only like paid in fulls or like massive payments and that could explain it to a degree, they should have probably asked about this earlier to be fair if they thought that. But you want to be really cautious on the other side of things of like giving them the freedom to do that. then like they just set everybody up on weekly payments and you know, like 150 bucks or 160 bucks plus a week because you start running into like a lot of failed payments and that will cause you a massive headache. Like the other thing you want to be really, really cautious of and it doesn't make sense for closes to do this, but I have like my last close. Because I did. It is like them just trying to down, like not even downsell, but just go for the lowest package option possible to try and get some closes across the line. But like not even, so for example, my last closer did that. And like, I only found out when I was speaking to clients because they were like, one guy needed, you know, the gold package essentially. And he's like, oh, he didn't even like offer me that. And I was like, what the ? So you've got to be really careful of that because they will do that.
jese Smith-shields: Or like some of them will do that. Yeah, well, haven't changed their price structure based off that. So I've just gone off the, I'm paying them higher on the higher commission. So the 15 closed on the call and then just 5% on the reoccurring. So I don't see why they would push the reoccurring unless they really needed to in a sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's why I would go with that commission structure. So, yeah, it does, like, again, he was. was on 10 and 10. So it's like, as long as you got it closed and it's like, didn't really matter. But you want to avoid that at all costs because you run into just a lot of  low, one, like clients that pay less, one, they pay less, their payments are more likely to fail. And they're usually more annoying. I mean, people that actually like pay normal amounts of more, you know, more money usually aren't  annoying clients.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Okay. So, I mean, the, the, the ads seem to definitely be like pulling through.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I had to, I had to kick up, can I, I can't pronounce the name, Kamei?
Kyle Musca: Kamei, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I had to give her extra hours because the leads are pretty much doubled.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: So she wasn't able to keep up with a lot of conversations.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's a really good problem to have. Okay. Beautiful. So realistically, you said the 20th of December is the cutoff point, hey?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Who's editing your video? got it.
jese Smith-shields: Um, JT, but I've got a fair few of his videos that we could probably run as ads as well that don't have the dates in them. So we could probably look at running those over like this sort of Christmas sort of area.
Kyle Musca: What we'll probably do, I mean, it's completely up to you. You can keep running it through this period if you want. Um, what I would do is I would get onto JT, um, or JT and just tell him like, can you please just go through and cut out any mention of entries closed December 20th? And we can just keep pushing it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, we've done that? Cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Um, if you could, have you got all those back? Can you chuck them in a Google drive? Just like create a new folder without cut off date thing. Um, how did you want to play that? Do you want to keep pushing it over this period or did you want to just sort of like, yeah, may as well. Yeah. We'll see. We'll, we'll see. We'll see if it'll be interesting to see if there's much drop-off, to be honest.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Any questions on that stuff?
jese Smith-shields: No, not really. It's been a pretty good week, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You could, what you could do, I mean, those ads, I mean, they're performing so well that you probably don't even need to, but you could do, you could film more ads and basically say, like, just due to the, demand, we're opening a second intake for 10 girls only.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, create some urgency.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, run that from, like, Jan 1st to Jan 12th, or whenever the start date is.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Do you know if Vaughn is around, or if he's...
Kyle Musca: He should back. He should be back from Japan and everything.
jese Smith-shields: Just send him a message. Yeah. message is up to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And then just, like, again... Yeah. Yeah, Push the urgency massive, like, once these spots are gone, they're gone, you know, like, et cetera, et cetera, et Cool, man. Is there any sort of struggles that you're specifically facing this week?
jese Smith-shields: Not really, to be honest with you. Everything seems to be rolling quite smooth, which is nice, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Honestly, man, like, the biggest, again, like, as we've been saying for a few weeks now, the biggest issue with your business at the moment is just finding a good closer that can actually convert. Because, man, if you pulled in 32K as a 24% close rate, man, like, if got that up to 50%, like, you could have had a 60 grand week, potentially. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, like, 40, 50, 60 grand week, which is just insane to think about.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, that still remains the biggest issue, like, the biggest bottleneck right now is just sorting that out.
jese Smith-shields: So, the you. Yeah. Now, I might even push across another message because I had a meeting with those seashells, but the only thing they were hesitant about was my monthly income. They didn't believe it was high enough, so I might even push across the numbers of what we did this week within the percentages of what the close rate was at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Anytime you do something like that, man, always, like, gee up what you're doing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because, like, most fitness businesses, like, need closers, man, like, don't even have the core volume to need a closer, you know what mean? Yeah. And closers are pretty , like, naive until they actually, like, get a closing roll. They think it's like, I can just go in and make, like, 10 grand a month easily. And it's like, we need to be selling, like, 100 grand a month in closers to do that at 10%. So it's like, you know, it's the potential is there, especially with something like your business, the potential. Which is definitely there, but it obviously does come down to the closer's ability to actually close and convert. And then, like, if the closer is doing their job, you can just continue focusing on pumping out the front-end marketing and bringing in more calls for them and then becomes a well-oiled machine.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, I was kind of taken aback when they said it wasn't enough.
Kyle Musca: I said, oh, , fair enough.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would definitely send her a message, just be like, hey, you know, just wanted to, like, touch base. This week I did 32 grand based off my current close rates of, my closer's close rates of, like, 9% and  20%. So, I have no doubt that we could easily get it at over 100 grand a month if the right, you know, closer was there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'll put that across to you.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Then the other thing is just sorting out what we want to do in the new year, man. So, mean, one option is we could... So like after the challenge starts, we could, I mean, your direct marketing, especially through Keanu's stuff works so well. It's like, could keep doing that if you wanted to do that. Otherwise we can go into more of like a lower ticket sort of option. We've spoken about that before, haven't we?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'm building out. So I've got a little bit more time on my hands. I've been building out free resources and I was going to ask your opinion. Have you tried anything like a free magnet into like a sort of VSL sort of setting and then into like a lower T booking or like a lower T package?
Kyle Musca: It just depends on the funnel that we're talking about here. So the biggest issue with this type of funnel, and again, we could do it through DMs if it's. Is the fact that you probably need like an outbound setter. it's like, so for example, what you're kind of saying here is like, maybe Kiana puts together a bit of a masterclass on, you know, how women can drop eight kilos in 12 weeks and skyrocket their energy off the top of head, right? I've just put together this masterclass or this mini course and I'm giving you away absolutely free, right? Then they go into an opt-in page, which builds your emailing list, right? And we get pretty cheap leads. And then ideally from there, you want an outbound setter to like call these people.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I've actually just hired one within the Shields Fit page because the Shields Fit page has been going crazy at the moment.
Kyle Musca: They're an outbound DM setter or a call setter?
jese Smith-shields: Both. I actually know her personally. So she was needing a bit of a job that was a little bit more remote. So then I've been training. Over the last coming days of how to do it. And she's been calling because we've been getting nearly like six type forms a day. So she's been calling them pretty much straight away and then booking them into a call within the sales girls as well, which has been working really well.
Kyle Musca: Are you just getting them to do like from the type form?
jese Smith-shields: To book it in from the call or? Yeah. I turned off the calendar set up from the type form because we're having a lot of people like pretty much booking and I even experienced as well. They weren't able to pay like $40. So now I've turned that off.
Kyle Musca: Did you have the conditional logic set up?
jese Smith-shields: No, maybe not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you only want to do a self-booking option if you've got conditional logic, which basically means you like pre-qualify them. Yeah. First, it's like if they say working full-time, then they get the option of booking a call. If they say anything under that, then like they get maybe like a low-ticket option.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, otherwise I wouldn't let them just self-booking if they're not qualified because you will get a lot of time wasters. But, yeah, so having an outbound setup is like if you get them to work on  that's actually productive, like it can really draw like a lot of, I guess, extra calls. And so what I'm trying to say here is like ideally what you do is if get someone, let's say, again, mini-course, opt-in, build your email list, and then as soon as someone opts in, like, or as soon as possible, then the setter calls them up and be like, hey, so you opted in that mini-course. Like I just wanted to like have a bit of a chat to see if we could help you any further, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And then her job is essentially just to pre-qualify them. And then you can, again, you can set this up. I've been like a bit of a conditional logic type thing, but, you know, actually humanized. One is like, if they're, you know,  not qualified or whatever, and they can only do $40 a week or $30 a week or whatever, it's like, okay, great. Like we have this option for you. And it's like a passive low income, like low ticket, you know, again, passive, no work from you type thing. And she just sells it and, you know, you set up a commission kickback from that, right? The other option is like, if she's qualified, then it's like, cool. Well, how about we book you on this call and actually goes to a closer?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. It's a similar setting to what I've currently got and what I was trying to build out as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Really cool thing about this man is like, I would get her doing a lot more, like she can generate her own work pretty easily. She can go. So, so a great example of this man is if you haven't done anything with it, I would get her to go through all your expired clients and just call each and every one of them saying, I'm running through a new year's challenge.
jese Smith-shields: Do you want to rejoin? Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, no, that's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Actually, she can do all that stuff. Same thing with all calls that you've ever booked in that haven't converted, you know what mean?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, no, that's a good idea because, yeah, she's pretty good on it and she was pretty much doing a similar setting for her dental health. So it wasn't actually too much training and she was pretty good for the role, actually. And she's actually in that environment.
Kyle Musca: Has she got sales experience?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, little bits, but not. I told her that she wants to obviously build into a position. I was a bit hesitant on obviously the sale side of things, but I told her that that could be a potential down in the future.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it's completely up to you. I don't know her or anything, but if she seems like a naturally good kind of closer and could fit the bill properly, I to do it. I mean, he might want Attest her as an actual closer, just give her a couple of calls because, you know, it's not like she can do worse than Lauren is.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, potentially play it. Again, I would maybe just keep a clean setting for now, just get her into that role.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, if you can do that, then that's quite a good option for... So essentially, again, it gives you really good, cheap quality leads. And then, like, it's just her job to convert on them.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I might get her to go through all the deals that didn't tick over and then just try and offer that sort of low ticket.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean... The deals that didn't tick over, I mean, like, you might even want to... Like, theoretically, you could even  magic hat it if you haven't already. You know what mean? Like, you... You could get her to call and be like, hey, Sarah, you've won $500 to our New Year's challenge. Do you want to learn more about that?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You just have to make sure that, like, obviously you haven't done that before. Like, you haven't magic-hatted them in the DMs before.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. No, I don't. We did it about two months ago. Yeah, that could work, actually. Well, how would you... What if, like, within those sales, obviously they would know the pricing of it, so the package that we did offer, and obviously they didn't tick over on it, how would you kind of, like, push that through? Would you just give them the $500 discount to it, or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I probably would.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, if they already know the price and stuff, there's not too much you can do about it, but, like, even, you know, I guess it's $2,000 to $1,500. I would just, like... ... ... One, they probably don't know the specific details. It's three grand?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. For three months?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, then for sure. I would just, like, knock 500 off and say it's 2,500.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Fair.
Kyle Musca: Have you increased those rates for the challenge?
jese Smith-shields: For the challenge, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so you might run into a sticky point there. I mean, this is something you'd have to chat to your closers about, but you might want to present that for the challenge, see if they buy it. And you probably won't if they thought, like, if you spoke to them, you know, a month or two ago and you said it's two grand for three months, and now you're saying it's three grand for three months for the challenge.
jese Smith-shields: And just obviously explain, like, because there's so much involved in it and  prize pools and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Kyle Musca: So you could just be like, look, what you could do is if you wanted to join the team, then, and you just... So again, takeaway stuff. So it's like you, maybe they're not in the actual challenge itself, X, Y, Z, and we could do that for, you know, that was two grand, you could do it for 1500, but then just like give them the like low, like just downsell them onto, you wouldn't say this to them, but essentially you'd put them on your downsell offer and say it's the core offer.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's a good idea. I might even just get her to book them all in with myself and kind of negotiate those terms and stuff like that with them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So like you could say with the challenge, not only do you get, you know, a very likely opportunity to, you know, if you pull through to win a trip to Bali, yada, yada, yada, all the prize pool, but you also get a guarantee of results. You know I mean? Um, so you can also take away guarantees.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, that makes sense. I like that actually. Yeah. It should be more. I'm happy to do that too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful. Is the setter working full-time, like fully for you or?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's a pretty good call. Okay, so from there, would just be figuring out, one, what the offer we want to run is, and then what the funnel we want to run off that is as well. So, the best things are like, again, either a mini course or like a, so mini course, masterclass, or ideally, and you can run, it doesn't have to be one or, it doesn't have to be excluded to one, but we'll start with one, or ideally, like a really good one is if you can get it to work, like a low ticket. Passive thing. Or even like, even  better. Even like a, or not even better, but like a free, let's say, free seven-day custom-built program or something like that. Yeah. Depending on, again, you have to just like weigh into the fact of like costs involved and I guess like workload. Like ideally you want something passive where they can just sort of sign up or opt in and it's like they get the resource, they get whatever the . and then your setter can call them from there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. So I was kind of thinking it because I've got, I've just built out four e-books. So I was going to try and do it as like an e-book bundle, but even try and use it as one really free resource to get the opt-in, like the email number, and then have like a low ticket on the rest of the e-books. So like $20 or whatever, then that would push into like a VSL setting of Kiana. Well, pretty much. Pretty explaining, well, pretty much having like that sort of VSL setting on trying to target our niche and our demographic, but then looking at pushing that into a Booked Core.
Kyle Musca: So I think the issue with that is it's probably like one too many steps. So realistically, what we're looking at here is like a value ladder.
jese Smith-shields: Have we spoken about the value ladder? No.
Kyle Musca: So have you heard of it before? So it's like ideally where we just want to bring someone through on like a free or really like low, you know, cost of investment product or service. And then like as they come through that ladder, things get, you know, a higher price tag at each step, right? So it's like it could be free, low ticket, mid ticket, high ticket, for example, right? We want to keep things nice and simple. The biggest thing I, so one in terms of what you're saying. I would, in the opt-in, that's where you probably pre-qualify. If they're not qualified, it's like they probably just go straight to the e-book. You know, here it is, have fun,  off. If they are qualified, then there might be like a middle-stage step where it's a VSL, right? And you basically explain whatever the second piece of the ladder is, right?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense? So I'm going think of a way to actually like explain this. So example, they might, the biggest issue I have with this is I don't know if an e-book, like it will work, especially depending on what it is. But you always want to think about like the more value you can give away in this either free or low ticket option, obviously the better it is. So you just want to make it a really, really strong offer. So I think potentially, I think master, like some kind of video content would work better here, simply because. There it is. So. Sure. Simply because, like, we're just in a day and age where people don't really value reading and stuff and people give away e-books all the  time and you can get a lot, you can, like, sell better and, like, because then the, essentially then the masterclass would work as the VSL, if that makes sense.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then you can say, like, hey, I'm also going to give you this full  e-book bundle.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I see how that kind of makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: How would you structure through that sort of masterclass?
Kyle Musca: How would you sort of build that? So, depends on if you want to do a masterclass or a mini course. So, what do you mean in terms of how would you build it? Just to clarify.
jese Smith-shields: Like, how would you, like, sort of build that in a sense of it being very hands-off but, like, still sort of, like, tick off and tick over in a sense?
Kyle Musca: So, there's two options you could, it just depends on the funnel. So, yeah. The two options is like opt-in page, opt-in page, then outbound call to, which is a triage call, into close call, closing call, or you could do like DME masterclass, send it through, that directs into the opt-in, and then you try and set in the DMs itself.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Now, there's pros and cons to both. So the message one is like easier to set up and potentially even better to test, just to see if it's, you know, worth , I guess, doubling down on. But it adds a little bit more friction because then they have to message through, then they get sent the landing page to go opt-in. So it's only like one extra click, to be fair. Whereas the opt-in page just takes them straight there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Oh yeah, I tested out one. I tested out one of the e-books on the Shields stories yesterday, and I ended up sending out like 30 copies of that to people that we've had calls with before and didn't tick over, and then that sparked more conversations pushing into the new year, which we were able to actually book a fair few calls as well.
Kyle Musca: What is the, what is the, what are the, have you got the e-books made?
jese Smith-shields: Like, what are they? Yeah, so I got, um, push, uh, oh, yep. Is that, um, sharing?
Kyle Musca: Uh, no, try, try share now. And who created these for you?
jese Smith-shields: I just. I saw, um, an ad for like a tech. And then I just got my BA to just go through and rebrand it. So I got the 12-week shred, which is actually a pretty good e-book, if I'm not going to lie. Fit and toned in eight weeks, fit in 15 minutes, and then seven-day fat loss, kickstart Bible. Free download of this one, so the 7-day fat loss kickstart Bible, then they had an opt-in for buying the full bundle in itself for, obviously, discounted price, and then that pushed into like a um another landing page of all the other ones that they got which they're pretty much a business that just builds out like fitness coach Sort of e-books, templates, workout templates, and stuff like that. And then that kind of sparked the idea of how I could try and turn that into what we've got. Because we have a lot of young females that can't afford our high-ticket coaching. Yeah, so that's just... Because that's where a lot of leads are coming from.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's just essentially like an upsell.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, basically.
Kyle Musca: But the issue... So... Again, you just got to kind of remember where do you want the majority of your leads going? So for a business like that, it works well because they're bringing you in on a free resource. And then they give you a low-ticket upsell, which works fantastically. But you'd have to try and, I guess, convert on a high-ticket upsell after that. And there's ways to do it, but it's like, you can kind of close that gap a little bit faster, then you're better off for it, right?
jese Smith-shields: So, for example, I'll share my screen. Have you ever tested out pushing ads straight to like a landing page of like what the actual coaching offers and then like a cheaper sort of rate of it and trying to use that to upsell them?
Kyle Musca: It wouldn't really work because, I mean, like you'd get signups for it, but I don't think you'd, it wouldn't, unless you've got, the only time you can really kind of do that is when you've got a really like large cult audience. So it's like Adam can, for example, for $95 a week, because the people have got so much trust and stuff into him that they just go and sign up and they don't really even buying the program as much. They're buying him, if that makes sense.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's kind of like similar to. Sell-by-chat, right? Like, it's really hard to get to work unless you've got a really cult-like audience, and then it's, like, really  easy to work, and you can, like, build your whole business just off that alone.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So let's go. I'll just run you through this whole thing, right? So a good example of this. Do you know how he gets up? Yeah. Yeah, so basically this is, like, what he does, right? So the best way to build a business in 25, learn content, use this $29 content playbook that got me 100,000 followers in 100 days, right? So it's a $29 option. When you learn more, comes to landing page. Playbook for $2,500 for $29 USD. Cool. Email address. Go to step two. Essentially, then I'd go to pay. Yeah. All right. Once, I mean, you shouldn't even, like, once you've essentially gotten to this point, it's fair game for the setter because the setter can just go through and start calling off the back end of that. Yeah. So, like, I've done this because I was like, I'm curious to see, I'm curious to see how this funnel plays out. And it's the same, it's the same funnel regardless of if it's a free resource or if it's for a paid thing, right? Now, the reason he's got it as $29, usually it's between, like, $27 to $29, is because you ideally want to, it's called a break-even funnel. If you can get this $29 to cover your cost per lead, then it's, like, you've got free marketing and you've got, like, a really, really strong method of scaling, if that makes sense. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. So, yeah. Which should be covering these daily spend on ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, like, literally, and we could set it up to, like, look at cost per purchase. As long as we can break even on that, it's like we could spend a million dollars. If we've made a million dollars just off that low-ticket option, like, anything we make on top of that is free and would make a lot of  money if we spent a million dollars on ads.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Ideally. So, that is that option. And you can see the different, we'll rid of active ads. So, he'll run the $29 one. You can see everything is around that. Still $29. $27 content playbook. All right. Because the one thing I... I... I... So that's a Black Friday offer. We'll go down a little bit further because he posts a lot of  ads. Ah, you . So, what does that say? Oh, it doesn't really ... You're annoying. Okay. I quit my six-figure job to build a personal brand. So, this is like a masterclass, right? This is a free live workshop. So, it's a live webinar. I wouldn't really go in with the start with that one because you need to get, like, good at presentation and stuff. Yeah. Not the best to start with. it's Thank you. It's a live workshop.
jese Smith-shields: Workshops are great for like one-to-many selling.
Kyle Musca: But again, they're a little bit more complicated in advance. So you can see he really doubles down on the $29 playbook. The one I went in on is like a free download resource thing, right? Yeah. But essentially, same concept. So this is the landing page option, right? Just  opt-in, and then the setter would call off the back end of this. The other option is you could say DME playbook, example, and then you would send the link to this page, and then the setters could continue DM setting.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Okay. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. No, that makes sense. I kind of like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the thing here is I would try and figure out what is it that you can create? What That, like, gives so much value that, like, again, the better offer you get, the much more sort of leads you'll get from it. And realistically, it's not that hard. Like, kind of, you have to kind of get comfortable with giving away something that most other people will charge for. So whether that's, e-books are hard to do because so many people give away e-books for free. So if you're going to give something away for free, I'd probably do, like, a pre-recorded masterclass. And, again, it can be, I would do it around the topics that you've got your e-book for because you could put those, I mean, depending on, I haven't read through them properly, but, you know, you could potentially put all four of those videos together for a mini course, right?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, because, again, you're really not trying to make any money off that.
jese Smith-shields: You're trying to just get as many people through the funnel as possible.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then from the back end of that, it's just, the setter should have  unlimited opportunities just to go ham on them.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah. Now that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: sense. Now, if you're going to do that, again, there's so many pros and cons to, if you do it like landing page, you can track data a little bit better. And this is where you'd start playing around with like opportunity buckets and everything. And you'd also set up more automation and everything. So, for example, I think I got rid of mine. Bro, what is this?
jese Smith-shields: Can you hear me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Oh, cool. That's just satisfying. Anyway, essentially, you just create the different buckets. So, like opt-in, you know, purchased or whatever, depending on if it is a purchase. Just think, because here's a two-step one. Yep. Dude, this is so slow.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, go high level sometimes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, kind of similar. Like, you just set up automations, or you'd have it so your setter can move them. Is your setter calling through go high level?
jese Smith-shields: No, not at the moment. She's calling off her actual number.
Kyle Musca: I'd get it. Well, she doesn't have to call through go high level, but it's super important that she adds notes on the call.
jese Smith-shields: Calls that she does make.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she has been. Yeah, beautiful. Yeah, beautiful. Okay. And then it's, we'll test it. I have done this sort of thing before. The offer probably could have been, I guess, better. This is when I was working with an agency, and they kind of just , you know, copied and pasted everything, and it was really  poorly put together. Yeah. don't know. But... lot. The biggest issue I had, was just like actual contacting people through the self-set call so we can test it. Honestly, I would probably say just to begin with, probably better to keep it in Instagram DMs organically and do something through ManyChat and then connect ManyChat up. So when they enter in their contact details, like their phone, the username and stuff, sorry, their email, then your setter can still call off the back end of that, just test it. But at the very least, like that way you can still, you know, conversate through DMs and stuff if they don't, because people don't like picking up the phone these days, especially not to a rare number.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I've noticed. I've noticed. Yeah, I did set up one of the e-books to ManyChat, but I didn't do an opt-in. I was just trying to test it to see if people were actually interested in it. And then we're starting off conversations on the back end of it, which she's been taking over and she's booked a few calls from, but I haven't been getting emails or numbers from her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, the other good sort of thing about doing something like that is that you do, it's a good way to build up your emailing list, your emailing list and everything like that, your contact list overall. Yeah. So it's like two birds, one stone there. Even if you just get emails, like a very simple one to do that is like, what's the best email for, like, for me to send this to?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because it makes sense. Yeah, I would say if we're going to do this, I would probably, like, I would test it through ManyChat first just to see, like, how many, like, just the volume of leads coming through. then if it, you know, pays off, then it's like, okay, cool, we can build that, like, a landing page and everything like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, no, that makes sense. Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Can you hear me?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: Easy. Good one. Any questions on any of that?
jese Smith-shields: No, just give me a few ideas. There's obviously a few testing grounds, and I've seemed to have a little bit more time on my hands lately. So I'll just start testing out, building a few different things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. And then, yeah, I would definitely look at some kind of video material to give away, just because it comes across more valuable. And you can actually, you can sell in the video. Like, you can say, you can use social proof. You can say how it's worked with clients, how, you know, your coaching is there for the solution to the problem they're experiencing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah. That makes sense. Easy.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, bro. All right, well, yeah. The good thing about this week to last week is we now know that it's definitely a sales problem because if you can jump on there and go four from five or whatever. Yeah. I mean, which is good because it means that it's not a marketing problem. We get the right sales guy, person in there, man, you'll be  golden.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Only other thing is, Ben, did you want to have a call next week with it being that Christmas week?
jese Smith-shields: We can pencil it in if something comes up, if something dramatically happens, then yeah. Yeah. If not, we can just probably message prior and say, rada, rada. I think I'm only having pretty much Christmas day off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'll be working through it. So if there's anything like you need from me or you want to jump on a call, chat about anything, Viola means that I mean. I don't Yeah. Yeah. And then, yeah, if you can put a file together with all the ads and just remove December 20th as the cutoff date, then I'll just replace all the current ones and we'll just keep running them.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, easy. I'll get that done for you.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, bro. All right, well, enjoy the rest of the day and I'll chat to you soon. You too. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 47/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-16T23:41:43Z | id:109265495
People: Kyle Musca

Sage Damsma: This meeting is being recorded. I feel like I've had a few, I feel like I've had less calls, but they're all kind of closing.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, it's good. Coming into, you know, I kind of expect after this week we should probably see a fair drop-off.
Sage Damsma: No, I'll keep it going.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, I mean, we'll see, we'll see. Yeah, nah, I'm sure. So, mean, like, 20 calls booked this week, though. Like, that's not, that's not too bad at all. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: That was from our last call till yesterday when I did that form. So, yeah. Well, a week, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. 16 taken, so show-up's good. 13 ads and 7 organic. So, that's, like, a really nice, healthy sort of ratio. Yeah. And then...
Sage Damsma: I've closed another two since I did that form as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was going to say. Yeah. He said 17 grand or something yesterday, which is  sick. Oh, that would have been like end of the last week, eh? Would it?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, so Sunday night finished at just over 16. It was pending a PIF, but she paid it Monday morning.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah,  yeah. Okay, sick.
Kyle Musca: And then already 5K for this week. So that's really good.
Sage Damsma: It's up over 7.
Kyle Musca: What was that, sorry?
Sage Damsma: It's up over 7 now.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah,  yeah. 7K this week. Nice, man.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, so far. Let's go.
Kyle Musca: yeah. Okay. Sick, bro. So those numbers are all looking really healthy. Really good close right there as well. And then, yeah. I've kind of noticed, man. I think probably what's happening is just like a lot of people have just stepped back. So it's like, you know, because we've had that plan in place, like we've had a marketing thing for December, man, we've just sort of  cleaned up where a lot of people ...
Sage Damsma: Lazy .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's worked out really well. well. Um, posting consistency and views have increased.
Sage Damsma: That's  good. Yeah. The last, besides last night's one, they're all kind of around that 10 to 20K views.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sick. Okay.
Sage Damsma: Like carousels at like 50.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Nice. Nice.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. It's good.
Kyle Musca: Uh, 16K week. I'm happy with not quite on track for a hundred K month. Um, but we another 60K at this rate. So yeah, I reckon next year, like we'll, we'll get some offers in play and we'll, we'll build that out a bit more. I'm trying to aim for that.
Sage Damsma: high numbers.
Kyle Musca: Six so far. Last challenge ads. Okay. So you filmed those sort of last kind of final day ones.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Jen's, um, literally just finished them up now.
Kyle Musca: So after our call, I'll drop them in the G drive. Yeah. So what I recommend is whoever edited it, if it's Jen or whoever edited it, um, if you could go back through all the challenge ads, man, and just remove any mention of like entries closed December 20th. Um, Mhm. And then we'll just replace your current ads with those new added ones. And then we'll just continue on.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, they seem to be doing well, to be honest. I don't have a look at the numbers, but I've noticed a lot of people come through like the last two days.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so again, it's just that the optimization of the ad structure and everything like that. I've been playing around with things in the back end, just trying to optimize them as well. But yeah, we could, if you could, yeah, try and jump on that. Good that you got those final day ones. We'll probably even just keep them in our back pocket and we'll run them like the last week of January before it, not the last week of January, the week before the challenge has started. But it means we've got them nice and prepped and ready to go.
Sage Damsma: Tactic.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Six so far, just consistency in posting, more social proof, more DM convos. Yeah, beautiful. Have you had a chance to do any of those like RL strength type of , is that his name, videos?
Sage Damsma: Oh, Riley, the ones with the social, like he does, like, this is my client, blah, blah, blah. I haven't this week. I've been trying some different stuff that's worked so far. Just, I think, after I've contacted MetaSupport, and they were like, oh, there's nothing wrong, blah, blah, blah, and then all of a sudden, my  name is searchable again.
Kyle Musca: So they've obviously fixed it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. And ever since that, it's kind of just picked up, so I a few more eyes on the page. Now I'm going to start posting more of the social proof stuff, too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I Yeah, cool. Okay.
Sage Damsma: We've got, like, the weeks worth of content banked at the moment, so I'll just keep filming more and more for Christmas and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. A question to be in training with him. What was that, sorry?
Sage Damsma: I've been training with Riley.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, nice. Yeah. Yeah, he's a good .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Super. So just ad scripts for January and last-minute sign-ups. So, also Chad took a new closer. He's experienced closing from the UK. Might give him a test run with Overflow Call. Is he in the UK?
Sage Damsma: No, he's Aussie, but he was doing a UK offer.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: He's in Sydney.
Kyle Musca: What's his close rate?
Sage Damsma: He said they didn't get a whole heap of calls because, like, the offer was a lot higher, a high ticket. But I think he said his average close rate was about 50%.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Sage Damsma: Sorry.
Kyle Musca: Between a 5 to 10k package. Why is he trying to leave him?
Sage Damsma: He said the guy's not paying him. He hasn't paid him his commission.
Kyle Musca: Oh.
Sage Damsma: Did you ask who it Yeah, he did. I put it in my search history. I've never heard of this guy, but obviously he must be doing it right. He said he doesn't get, like, a whole lot of calls, but when he does get him on, like, they usually... So, Sonny Webster.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've never heard of him.
Sage Damsma: a power lifter.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I mean, there's nothing wrong with, I guess, giving him a try. A little bit sus. If he's closing like 50-odd percent for a package that high, you'd think the guy wouldn't have any issue paying him. Like, it's a dog thing in general. You know, kind of only do that if they, like, perform, like, absolute  or something.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. He said he's got more than one closer. Like, there's a few of them that are doing the packages and , but he's been chasing him up for a month now and still hasn't been paid. And he's like, look, man, I need to, like, I've got a wedding next year. I kind of need some, something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: I mean, you can give him a try.
Kyle Musca: With new closers, man, I'm just fine. Like, give him 10 calls, see how he goes. If he hasn't done it, sold at least four, I'd probably  him off.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, too easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, add scripts for January, and then what do you mean by last-minute sign-ups?
Sage Damsma: Oh, that's the ones I was talking about. Remember how we said we'll do like that little bit of a break over Christmas, New Year's, and then January, it's like the last chance to capture those leads for the challenge?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah. So, yeah. We'll just remove it to something pretty much what I filmed yesterday. Yeah, beautiful.
Sage Damsma: Okay, so. If you want to keep them in the back end. I just thought if you wanted something more like with the camera and stuff, like that kind of quality.
Kyle Musca: I mean, the only thing you'd probably do there is like some like second intake , you know what mean? Like due to high demand, we've decided to open up 10 more spots. Once these 10 spots are gone, they're gone. Like you could do something like that, but.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you're going to cut out the December 20th one, then there's no real point in doing something like that. It's more important to have the last minute. Once you have them, Jen's edited them, send them through to me and I'll have a look at them. And we may even just look at getting more versions in there, depending on how they came up. Now, add scripts for January. So, let me look at this. I'm barely sure. Yeah. So, what I did is you had that old, not old campaign, but that new sort of structured one that I set up. Like, I think it was November. Yeah, was November. And That's pulling through a really good cost per lead, but your challenge ones are doing pretty decent. So what I did is I kind of just turned that campaign off for now. Just in preparation, I'll turn it back on in January. So that should give us a little bit of leeway. And then what I also reckon we do is, realistically, we could do two things. could film more ads, just direct ads, just to give us a little bit more of a safety net. Or we could start unrolling the seven-day challenge thing. So it just depends. Is Altmate up to doing some setting?
Sage Damsma: Say that again, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Is the closer up for doing some setting?
Sage Damsma: He was doing it with the previous guy, so I could ask him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because option there is you just say, look, if you do self-setting, I'll give you 15% pose rate.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. He's kind of pre-qualifying them himself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't think... We'd just have to figure out the funnel for that. So, again, it would either be like, , they opt in for it. Do you want to do the free seven-day thing? Do we decide on that?
Sage Damsma: I think that's what we were speaking about, yeah. It's like they get a seven-day trial type vibe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I reckon, yeah. Let's start with that. It's a nice free offer. And then it's like, if that pulls through, then we can look at potentially either doing a paid offer, like maybe $7 for seven days or, you know, whatever.
Sage Damsma: Yep.
Kyle Musca: But we just want to see if there's, you know... And we want to get as many numbers through the funnel just to sort the funnel out. What I reckon we do initially is we keep it through Instagram DMs, like sort of similar to how we're doing it now. Now, there's two options we could run with here. One, we try and collect their contact details. So we could try and collect their contact details and then  have the setter to basically reach out and call them and then like get them on a check-in call, check-in call. But the shop rate and everything like that should be really high anyway because it is like part of the seven-day challenge thing, People want to, you know, obviously do it to the best of their ability. So you could even just save on the cost there and just keep Clemé in there and kind of just be like, you know, maybe like after they start, somehow tag them and then Clemé goes back through them and then like books in on a setting call. Not a setting call, a check-in call, which is the closing call.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I'd probably say that's the better option just to start with. How are you going to have it? Are you going to have it so they start on that day or are going to have it so they start every Monday?
Sage Damsma: It's probably, I think just to keep it a bit clean would just be like start fresh every Monday or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Like you have the doors close on like Saturday or whatever or Sunday and then it goes for that next week and then that week's collecting the next week or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so then you just got to weigh in like when can you actually take those calls. So would you do Monday to Monday?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, probably. Or Sunday to Sunday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, maybe release it on Sunday so they can, yeah, that's probably a better idea, release it on Sunday so they can prep for the week, go through the entire week. And then I would probably start trying to like, yeah, realistically, you'd probably want to start booking in calls from like the Wednesday, for example, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Monday, Tuesday, and then the new group comes through.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Ideally.
Sage Damsma: Cause he, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then like maybe even get old mate to take some Sunday calls.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. He said he can pretty much do whatever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. Um, okay. I reckon that's a good option then.
Sage Damsma: Um, once I go through that, it's just kind of like the checking call is just like the upsell.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like you, you basically just, I don't think you'd really have to change much about yourself. It's just It's like the sales script. It's like, why did you choose, you know, now to actually do something about it? need to do this. Okay. And based off everything you've told me, man, I think that, you know, that, how have you phrased? Like, have you ever thought about getting a coach or based off everything you've told me, man, I think what we could do could actually work you quite well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. And try to kind of pre-qualify them before the challenge or do reckon just get any people in?
Kyle Musca: No, no, pre-qualify them for sure. like, DM script wouldn't be that difficult. Again, it would basically be exactly what we're doing right now.
Sage Damsma: Just everything's geared towards the seven-day challenge. You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, man. Like, you obviously you still need their goal. You still need their struggle. You know, what are you doing for work, man? Just so I can kind of build it around your schedule. Fantastic. They're qualified. And then you, and this is where you'd have to chat to Klamay about it. But, you know, ideally want to tag them, you know, qualified versus non-qualified and then. Then there'd have to be a delay by a couple of days. And then she would either reach out to do a check-in call about, bro, you know, three days in, time to book in a check-in call over the next couple of days or whatever. Yeah. It's pretty self-explanatory. Or even better, I would, yeah, not even better, but on the opposite side, continue on a low-ticket option of being like, hey, bro, how are you finding everything? Yada, yada, yada. Yada, yada. you want to continue on for X amount?
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: So. I reckon we focus on. . Yeah, I reckon we focus on getting those videos done first and make sure that's fully prepped and ready. And then, so in the meantime, like, I would just go through, like, for you, I would go into your DM scripts and everything like that, and then, like, build out, just obviously gear it towards that more.
Sage Damsma: Towards the second day, yeah. And we'll be thinking of running ads for that as well, for the second day.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, beautiful.
Kyle Musca: We'll just have to figure out, I'll write the scripts for them and everything like that. But I could see you coming from the angle, like, I'm going to give away a seven-day custom-built program for free, just to show you how much easy it is when you actually have structure.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'll figure it out, and I'll write the scripts for them.
Sage Damsma: I think people in the year will jump on that for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, true.
Sage Damsma: Once they're in, they're true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's only free if you actually, like, decide to pay to move forward.
Sage Damsma: If you want a free program, you have to put down a $500 deposit.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Well, I think that will work pretty well, to be honest.
Sage Damsma: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And then... I'm just trying to think of, like, do we put all our eggs in that basket, or do we film other stuff? But I reckon, like, one, like, you should definitely get the volume through that without any difficulty. And then I guess, like, if it did really for whatever  bed, like, we'd just quickly get some graphics done up, thrown up, get some leads. Thank you. Through that directly and then  get some videos done. And that should only take us like less than a week.
Sage Damsma: So it's like, it's not like we'd be down bad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. As long as we were just like on guard and ready to make that  happen.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. 100%. I've got nothing planned January. Just got going to Japan.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Sick. So.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. So, yeah. Key things for that, again, on your end, just tweak the scripts to, so they are more so for the challenge, the sorry, seven-day challenge thing. And then you also have to add an extension on. So like, you know, actually put it in the script, delay, you know, until Wednesday, for example. And then like start the, you know, if they're qualified based off their job, book in a check-in call. If they're not. Not then, like a version to downsell them, essentially.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, and just do that in the DMs.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just sell through chat by that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it's really easy.
Kyle Musca: So I ask questions, know, how are finding everything? Try and get them focused on the value of the program. like, you know, ideally you want them saying like, oh, it's been so  good. I'm absolutely loving it and everything like that. Like, oh, fantastic. Like, you know, is this something that you potentially would want to continue on with? Yeah, cool. again, getting them, I always like to get them to admit to the outcome first before like offering them stuff.
Sage Damsma: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Like, fantastic. Yeah, definitely want to continue on with this. Okay, awesome. Well, like usually if it was just doing like programming and everything like that, it'd come out to be about like $59 a week or something like that. But because you've come through this challenge, like I'm happy to bring that right down to just like $19.
Sage Damsma: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Try and give a reason as to why you're dropping the rate.
Sage Damsma: do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Any other questions on any of that stuff?
Sage Damsma: No, it's pretty straightforward. think I'll just, like you said, work on the scripts and a of the back-end stuff, and then we'll, whenever that's ready, film and whatever.
Kyle Musca: Yep, beautiful. I think we're good. My focus has been having content and consistency. Have not started on seven-day challenges we'll take in the year. Also working on five-taking. Limited for five people? Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I definitely, again, and with your sort of clientele, like you've got to, like, you know, you're not struggling for clients by any means as well. So it's like, I would definitely bring that out for sure.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I think some five-point guys would probably jump on that. Like people with money would for sure pay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And again, well, you'll be closing. So just gear it to it. Like if it's a fly-in-fly guy, be like, yeah, I find this is a great package for fly-in-fight guys because... Yeah. Obviously, get pretty hectic schedules, and this just takes all the guesswork out of it for you.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just gear it towards them, and they're like, yeah, I need that. Eight, keep closing new clients. Outwork the  coaches, absolutely. More content, another 15K a week, beautiful. A couple of no-shows is probably, yeah, I mean, shop rate's  pretty good, like 20, what's that, like 80%? don't know about that, so happy days there. New closer, I think we covered it, focus on getting more people in this challenge, not really anything, still put some downtime over the weekend, beautiful. More leads, organic, yeah, still a dedicated time back end, yeah, beautiful, nothing, just more, beautiful. Cool, man, so yeah, overall, things are  pumping, especially for this time of year. Man, now it's just about always prepping, making sure we've got the next step, so we've covered that. I'll go write the new scripts for you. We'll get some graphics content, and again, just making sure we've got that fully prepped and ready to launch by January. But again, like we're, I find if we're at least a month out, month or two out from our next like plan approach, then, you know, we can just turn things on as we did with this challenge and it just  pulls for us.
Sage Damsma: Yep. Yeah, everything will be smooth sailing if we're ahead.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, bro. Is there any questions or anything like that you wanted to specifically run by me?
Sage Damsma: Something I was about to ask you, but it's on the tip of my tongue. Um, oh yeah, I don't, obviously I don't think I need it, but like, how do you, how do you go with macro? Like, would you use macro for the high ticket stuff or just like automated low ticket stuff?
Kyle Musca: Uh, yeah, I use macro for high ticket. Um, Torrin just got it actually.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, he told me yesterday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's, it's like, it's as good as you make it out to be.
Sage Damsma: Like it's super  automated.
Kyle Musca: Um, but like you can still manually adjust a lot of things, which is cool. And they're going towards more and more high ticket. Torrin got it for a better rate than I did.
Sage Damsma: So I don't know. You bargained them.
Kyle Musca: I bargained them. But anyway, but then, yeah, it comes in clutch for things like this, man, because it's like, it's literally like extremely  passive. They sign up, they get the program, whatever.
Sage Damsma: That's the only thing I was thinking of is like these low-ticket challenges things would be easy to collect people on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then like, yeah, they get good service. Because you can sell it as actual like coaching and one-to-one support and everything because they do like that 20 or 30% of whatever the rev share is does include, I think it's 25% includes the customer service team. And they actually like, you know, are meant to be after like email back and forth and , which sounds . But that's like, that's what, you know, EBT and  charge for.
Sage Damsma: , literally.
Kyle Musca: Sounds like you get $1 a week there. could get it for like $19 a week.
Sage Damsma: Same .
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Okay. Now that makes sense. Plus, it looks really cool, like it being personally branded to you and everything. Yeah. How does it go for, like, do you run everything on there, like the training programs, the meals, like everything's done on that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I'll show you.
Sage Damsma: So this is the background. Because I don't call within like a year ago, but I was nowhere near ready at that time.
Kyle Musca: Have you seen the front end of it?
Sage Damsma: Not really, no. Like, is this talking about what the clients would see?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is the front end. Obviously, this is the computer version.
Sage Damsma: It's more obviously geared towards phone and the actual app.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But yeah, like this is... Probably should have gone into someone who is actually active. So, like, they get their full custom workout program, all that  geared towards it. All the different days. days. The... Blocks released, it doesn't just give them the entire program, it gives them like four-week blocks and . Then the meal plan side of things is really cool. So they have like heaps, I think they've got like 1,500 to 2,000 recipes custom. You can actually like add recipes. it's like if you download like a cookbook, for example, you can like get a VA or something to go through and add all those recipes in and just continue building it over time.
Sage Damsma: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And it gives them like multiple different days and options and everything like that. So, you know, have a day. Yeah. And then all the calories and macros, that's all automated based off the user input. So like the height, the weight and everything, don't have to touch any of that. The my journey part, this guy obviously hasn't done it. Maybe he has. Yeah, he does. But like uploading progress photos, everything like that. Weekly, it's pretty standard .
Sage Damsma: Weight.
Kyle Musca: Weight scale. Yeah. This is one thing I wish they like. Add it as like a timeframe, so you could do like seven days, a month, whatever.
Sage Damsma: They don't really do that, but you can still graph it out fine, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then they can add all their body measurements and everything like that. And then they've got the food diary and everything like that. So they do actually have some really cool tracking features. One, you can see every single day in terms of their intake. You can actually connect it with MyFitnessPal. So if you go into...
Sage Damsma: If they track, you can see it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: It's just in the back end.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, because MyFitnessPal made a deal with a coaching company that integrates it in the front end. So it's like the only way you can do it now for anything is just by integrating the back end. Otherwise, they've got a lot of cool tracking features. Some stuff I don't really like. You can't obviously take away what you do and don't like. So this is meant to be like done with facts, secrets. Fact, facts, secrets or some  like that. Which is meant to be the biggest food database in the world. don't know how accurate that is, but anyway. Otherwise, you can take a photo or scan a barcode as well.
Sage Damsma: Is that like an AI tracker thing? Take a photo is an AI tracker thing, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, cool. Which, you know, in terms of you asking like  Chris's app, that's pretty much like what he has is an AI tracker thing.
Sage Damsma: And then obviously he's going to put an AI input and everything like that.
Kyle Musca: The meal plan, pretty obviously simple and straightforward. They got a lot of dine-in, dine-out options, which is cool. So they keep me close to many calories. So I'll actually filter that for you.
Sage Damsma: But this is like all the dine-in, dine-out options. Oh, beautiful.
Kyle Musca: KFC, save less. Yeah, so they got like a massive  option there. Save meals, if a client adds a meal, they can always save it themselves. And even like, you can even get it to generate AI images and stuff like that when you go crazy.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, that's wild.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, and then you can obviously, you know, create a new meal so they can enter their own calories macros and stuff.
Sage Damsma: This is great for like more accurate tracking. Yeah. Yeah, right. How do you find the coaches like that actually do the one-to-one, they enjoy using macro?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's super automated for them. So I'll show you that in a second. The other thing I really like about macro is the fact that you can add external links and pages and stuff to this sidebar. So, for example, I've got my referral form here and it just takes them straight to that. Or like I've got a training series and this is actually within the app so you can add video series and everything like that within the app itself.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it's sick. Just more and more value.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. E-books and stuff like that as well.
Sage Damsma: All that . Yep.
Kyle Musca: All right. Ghost, meal prep, all that .
Sage Damsma: Yeah, well.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Cool on that. Cool. Cool. And then in terms of the, like, in the back end, you can, you know, and then, so, one, if you've already got a meal plan, for example, you can come through and change everything. So you can either change, like, if wanted to change protein notes, for example, to something else, or if I wanted to change the quantities to change the calories and macros of it.
Sage Damsma: Yep.
Kyle Musca: All right, pretty cool. But in terms of generating a new plan, it's as simple as, like, I'll just come into here. Obviously, he's got his, like, body fat, height, weight, all that . But then, like, you can change it so their activity level is, you know, moderately. But if I wanted to put him in more of an aggressive cut, I'd go lightly active. All right. All allergies and dislikes as well, they input, they can add. then favorite meals, just like them. So I generate, and then that's, like, literally all I have to do is create a meal plan. And it gives full calories and macros, everything of everything.
Sage Damsma: So. That's just generated a meal plan based off what he's put in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and you can change it around. So like you can see that's, you know, 1650 calories, give or take 83 calories, right? Yeah. A bit of a range with a minimum of 101 grams protein a day, which you can change in the back end. But if I wanted to go like, let's say, I really wanted to, you know, put him in a super aggressive cut, just change it to sedentary. Is it 1600? I can change it a lot if I wanted. like buffer. 1400, 1500.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: So that's that. Same with the workout program. Pretty much same setup. And then there's like other  you can do, but yeah.
Sage Damsma: That's pretty sick. So pretty much all the coaches then, like obviously they do the check-ins, but.
Kyle Musca: Do they do much adjusting or not really? Yeah, they do. Like, obviously, if the client needs lower calories or they don't like a certain meal or, you know, whatever the case may be, come into the back and then they'll manually adjust the client down or up or whatever.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, and they can just kind of auto-generate a new meal option or just make one themselves if they want something specific.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, let's say, you know, we're going to have a rush again. And he's like, I don't want, you know, protein oats. want , um, yeah.
Sage Damsma: These are all the different recipes you can have. the different options. Yeah, wow.
Kyle Musca: And you can add, yeah, you can add whole cookbooks and  into that as well.
Sage Damsma: Oh, yeah. Yeah, right. That's pretty handy, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's pretty cool. And they keep moving towards high-ticket, like, integration stuff. Like, they've also got the habits and everything like that as well. Have a tracker.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, and then they download, like, their own, like, it would be a cool EMP, like, the app, whatever, on their phone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so they search Elite Malperformance in the App Store and they can download that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, right. That's pretty sick.
Kyle Musca: Pretty cool. Like, mean, it's not like, yeah, it's not absolutely 100% necessary, but, yeah, it's also pretty cool at same time. It makes life a lot easier.
Sage Damsma: It's like, Kahunas isn't bad, but, like, sometimes they're just, like, the little things.
Kyle Musca: It's like, , this is annoying. Yeah, so.
Sage Damsma: And then you said you can have, like, you can have, like, your specific pages and stuff on here, right? So the onboarding, it's kind of automated in a way.
Kyle Musca: So the. So onboarding in terms of the client setting up is like completely automated. When they sign up and ask them a series of questions and then like you theoretically, I mean, you should, but you don't have to touch it. will build everything based off that. And then it will release it in like 24 to 48 hours. But yeah, you can create like, you know, external pages where you basically just add a link. As you can see here, you can create video pages where, you know, that's what I showed you before. You can add all different types of .
Sage Damsma: Wow, that's pretty sick, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so tools community, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Right. So like you'd pretty much close them, they get like the link and then just go through that whole process through macro like that onboarding. And the coach adjusts it if they need.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, if you're doing low tickets, so for example, we're doing that 7-day thing, let's say we did $7, you'd come in here and you go pricing plan. doing-day let's let's And you'd just be able to create a $7, seven-day program. Yep. Right. Happy days. then it'll just be all automated. Issue with that is if you do that, then it's a 25% rev share or whatever you guys discussed. So for me, like for a high ticket, you just get this external one where I just open this type form. I fill out their name and their email, and then that creates the account. And they'll get an email with the register, like to sign in and create the account.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Okay. And do they get a rev share of the high ticket stuff?
Kyle Musca: No. So the high ticket stuff is like $6 a month per client.
Sage Damsma: Oh, true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like super affordable.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That was something to think about. It'd be kind of a process to move everyone over.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, that's the cool thing about Stripe. So basically, you could kind of do what I... I did with you the other day where I just sent you a dollar thing just to get your account created and everything with details on file. And then you can just go on the back end and like change things around in terms of, you know, when payments are set up and all that .
Sage Damsma: Right. Yep. So. Yeah. Okay. Cause it's got that card back on file.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's why I like, like I've been playing around with it, obviously with this transition and just things in general and yeah, Stripe, just using Stripe to just basically like using Stripe is just way better than using.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: But it's not like, it's not an urgent matter or anything like that.
Sage Damsma: So. Yeah, for sure. That's good. yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sick bro. Anything else you want to run through at all?
Sage Damsma: No, I think that was it bro. Just to keep this week going. I've got two calls today for re-signs. One of them's pretty much said, yeah, so I'm just going to try upsell her or get her to pay in full. No, but. She'll be coming up to almost nine months now, so she'll probably push over a year, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, sick, man.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, so see how they go. And then, yeah, we've got a few really hot leads in the DMs at the moment, so I'll just keep you filled in on them Saturday or Sunday, how we finish up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. This is food for thought. I haven't spent the time doing this myself, but like Bree implemented it, for example. Having, like, periods where when they hit a certain interval, they get, like, a certain prize or something like that to incentivize them to stay around longer. So it's like, you maybe if they stay for, you know, three months, they get something rival, like a rival coaching hat, let's say, for example, or something. Yeah. Six months is, like, maybe something cooler. Nine months is something cooler.
Sage Damsma: One year is something cooler. Yeah, okay. Yep. Kind of like with the business gurus, they send out, like, a plaque.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, literally.
Sage Damsma: When they hit, like, 100k a month or whatever, and they send them something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, you could, you could literally. Really do something like that. Yeah. I see stuff you could do. Yeah. I mean, like, to be fair, man, if someone  spends, you know, 10 grand with you, it's like, you know, you could even throw a barley trip or something.
Sage Damsma: I mean, that's we deserve. Because my cousin's been with me since literally the first week, bro. He's done 101 check-ins.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, oh, I should probably get him something. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the cool thing about that is, like, one, it gives people incentives to stick around for longer. I'm like, oh, I could do another six months, and then I get a barley trip and conclude in that. But also, you can announce that in the group chats and stuff like that. I just want to celebrate , you know, Jimmy, who's been with us for six months. I've just given him whatever the .
Sage Damsma: Yep. Airpods or some .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Airpods or whatever.
Sage Damsma: Some dope .
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: yeah. Yeah, I'll think about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then you just get it off, like whatever it is, depending on what it is, you know, if it's a product or something, you could just get it off Alibaba or something like that. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Cheap .
Kyle Musca: Alibaba.
Sage Damsma: Oh, . Yeah, no, it's a good idea. Easy.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. The only other thing, man, is I'm going to be working through it anyway, so I don't really mind, but did you, with it being Christmas week next week, did you want to have a call next week?
Sage Damsma: I don't mind, bro, if you're working through it, I'm sure. What day does Christmas fall on? It's the 17th today, so it'll be next Thursday, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Thursday, I'm pretty sure.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, we can just stay in touch, and worst case, I'll still submit my form, and if we don't do a call, we don't do a call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Again, I'll be working through it, so if you have any questions or any updates or anything like that, just let me know. Otherwise, I'll be I should well and truly have the script back by then.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And we're going to start putting everything together in preparation for launch. And in the meantime, just, yeah, if you could go through those videos and just remove any mention of December 20th and then just send them back in a Google Drive, then I'll be able to get them going. If you can do me a favor and try and get them, like, named the same, that would be awesome.
Sage Damsma: Like, in a folder?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Just so know which videos belong where.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Too easy.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Awesome, man. All right. Well, I'll get to work on that stuff. And, yeah, I'll chat to you soon. Sounds good, bro. Thanks for that. I'll chat to you. Bye, Cheers, man. Bye. Bye.


>>> 48/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-17T00:10:40Z | id:109274135
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, man.
josiah narkowicz: How going? Yo. How's things? Yeah, solid. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, man. Good. Cool, bro. All right. We'll dive right into things, bro. How has this week gone overall?
josiah narkowicz: Decent. Yeah. Yeah. Few leads, few calls, few closes, no churn at all in the past, like, four or five weeks. So that's been a massive improvement, especially this time of year. Usually you'll get a drop-off, right? But haven't seen anyone drop off. And I think that's got a lot to do with the new check-in process and just genuinely giving a bit more of a  about my clients. But, yeah, haven't done any, like, like, the output on my end. Probably not been as high. don't know. Just with lead gen and I've got the setter in place now, but it's been a successful week overall. So, yeah. And I've had a few people that like I'm creating a bit of a bank of people that are going to start in January. So I've got five or six people that are like basically said to me, yeah, I'll start first week of gen. So that'll be an extra, that'll be a massive month as well, you know. So we'll get a nice little kickstart from that. Also all the like running the New Year's strategy and the hamper and all of that. First thing we'll execute, you know, plus all the extra people that, you know, are just going to be wanting to start in January anyway. So it's, we're setting up 2026 very nicely. Um, I've run a lot more, I've got a bit. About five or six quality content pieces in the bank and in the content vault ready to go. So it seems to me that my past two posts got really good engagement. So that's been going well as well. And I plan to post every day this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Perfect. How many days, I know you put it in the check-in form, how many days did you post this week?
josiah narkowicz: Oh, probably two or three, mate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
josiah narkowicz: Slack. slack. I know of it. But now I've got the setter in place. Yeah.


>>> 49/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-17T01:04:29Z | id:109275060
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Taking that first step. Once you've done it, we're good. Something I'd reword it to be better, but I'd hit him with a label like it seems like this is what you're doing. Let's just  get over this hump and get it done.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. And before it was like, he was floating about before we started the new payment structure. He just seemed to sell his house first and this and that. But yeah, I might hit him with that. Oh, hey, bro. Also, I've restructured. My payments instead of three grand. It's only $1,200 up front. And then the $100 a week payments. So then he's like, oh, hey, that's actually way better for my situation right now. Just to help get him over the  line. Either way, I don't lose.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. When was the last time you spoke to him?
josiah narkowicz: Like on the phone? Probably a few weeks.
Kyle Musca: I would get him back on. I'll get him back You never want to talk about payments over text. I'll get him back on the phone. That way you can kind of get him to actually take action there and then. Because even if you say, like, let's just get it started over text, he might just like flake again. So it's like, just like, hey, bro, like, let's just have a quick catch up, touch base, see where we're at with things, et cetera, et cetera. And then be like, you know, and then hit him with a label. seems like every time you do this, then you forgot MIA. Man, let's just  rip in and then break it down.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. No, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I find flaky clients like that, man, you'll , like, they don't come along too often where they keep coming back, but that would just like  repeat the problem. Like I've had one guy literally do this for over a year. He's done it like six or seven times or he'll come back after a few months and be like, hey, bro, I'm ready to start. I'm really keen to rip in. Let's start next weekend. I'm like, cool. Get him set up and everything. He's like, oh no, this just came up. I can't start now until  January. And it's like, dude, shut the up. Just a waste of time. So you kind of just got to call a spade a spade and be like, dude, either  start or just stop messaging me.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I'm pretty brutal with that sort of thing, bro. Like the call I had, one of the calls that I had from yesterday, everything was fine. Like, I feel like I pride myself on objection handling. So it's either going to be spousal, financial, or self-belief. They're probably the three main ones. Like, even in the triage call or in the DMs, you're asking them, as I said, like, you know, what occupation do you have? You can kind of get a gist of, you if it's spousal, oh, I've got to talk to the partner. Hey, would they be supportive of this goal? Everything was fine. He's like, yeah, I'm so keen to sign up. I hit him with the, hey, look, it's going to be six grand up front. I think it's a bit of overkill for what you need right now. You know, I think the premium package will still get amazing results. You know, it's... Still, just with a bit more flexibility, it's $1,200 up front and $100 a week payments after that. How does that sound? Oh, I have to talk to the girlfriend. And I said, cool, I'd be worried if you didn't want to talk to your partner because, you it's a big financial decision this time of year. When's a good time to follow up tomorrow? Like, I don't  with hard closing in that situation, but like, I'll leave him to the next day and play a bit of a longer game with it. But he said, hey, look, spoke through with my partner, decided to give it a miss at this stage.
Kyle Musca: And then I'd never let them get off the phone, especially, like, I just have the mindset of if they get off the phone, doesn't matter how keen they sound, whatever their  excuse is, 99% of the time, you'll never hear back from them. So when it's a spouse objection, you do what you did there. But cool, man. Yeah, be concerned if you didn't have to chat to your partner. How about how long do you think? All right. They'll say like a day or something. And then I like to try and make them without directly, but I like to try and make them sound like a bit of an idiot. Like, sure, you don't need like a week or something, man. Like, is that enough time? Haha. You know, like, do you want to keep pushing this down the road? No, no, a day should be fine. Cool, man. And then, so you give them the art and then you loop it back into the conversation. Okay. And I'm sure you probably have some questions for me after chatting with your partner. So just so I can be prepared, man. Like, what was it specifically that you wanted to chat to your partner about? Because I need to speak to my partner as a smokescreen objection. It's like, I need to think about it.
josiah narkowicz: You can't actually handle the objection because you don't even know what the objection is.
Kyle Musca: Usually it's finances. They're using it as a scapegoat to get off the  call without taking responsibility.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. And I sent him, I sent him the link, right? Like, I was like, okay, well, let's get the annoying part out of the way. Because I mentioned the price and he's like, oh yeah, that's great. And I go, okay, well, let's. Let's get the annoying part out of the way. I'm just going to send you a link. Let me know when that one's been handled and then I'll take you through a few other things and get you onboarded and we'll get you booked in for your first call and really get you, you know, started on your fat loss journey. So he was like, yep, great. I sent him the link and he looks at it and he's like, oh, I didn't know we were going to do it on the phone. And already twice through the  call and in the triage call, I'd said, hey, normally we take payment over the phone. Also like, hey, mate, just so we don't waste our time today, you know, at the end of the call, I'm going to invite you to join the program. And that's where we take the payment, all of that. So he  knew. He's just like a brokie or it must be a  brokie or something. Because people will slip through the cracks. They'll lie straight to your  face sometimes and then be like, oh, I was just trying to milk information out of you and take. Thank all the way to the end. I've noticed that there is a few people like that, even if you've done all the objection handling. And it's  not nice when that happens. But yeah, I just hit him with the text this morning. Mate, just a bit confused, if I'm being honest. You said your partner, you know, 100% support you. And you mentioned it's really affecting your life. You're not happy with your current physique. So, you know, just so help me understand what's actually stopping you right now. You know, talk to me, what's the real hesitation going through your mind? Obviously, I'm not going to get a reply. But like, yeah, once he's off the phone, it's a bit dire. But yeah, I'll hit him up in another week and say, are you still happy looking like  or something like that? Yeah. I'm pretty brutal with that kind of thing, usually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah. Just  get it done, honestly.
Kyle Musca: Man, these people are coming to you because they make excuses to themselves and they  struggle with accountability. So, like, I like to think of closing as just coaching, like the actual closing part as coaching. I mean, like, if you've said the price isn't a problem, your girlfriend's 100% supportive, like, what's the hesitation? You know what mean? Like, and you go through objection, it's called objection cycling. So you start really, like, there's different ways, like, everyone's going to have their own method of closing. I like to come from the angle of, like, bro, I don't care what you do, it's your life. If you want to stay fat and don't want to make a change, like, that's absolutely up to you. I'm just here to help you out. And then, like, you go through these objection loops, so you have to close a loop. We'll get into that in second. But you eventually get more direct and add in urgency and everything like that, every single loop. So it's like, cool, man. First loop is like, yeah, no, man, absolutely fine. I wouldn't expect you not to talk to your partner. How long do you think you need? What do you need to actually talk about? And then you... You get price. It's usually price, right? And then you objection handle price, right? Once you close of a loop, but basically you ask, where do you want to go from here? How do you want to proceed? So your objection handle, close the loop. How do you want to proceed? You re-ask. Then you go in and again, you do like, let's say two, three, four of them. By the end of it, you should be like, bro, I'm a little bit confused. You've said you absolutely hate your physique. You say you hate the way you're living life at the moment. You say price isn't a problem. You say a girlfriend's 100% supportive. Of you actually doing this. What's stopping you from moving forward? And I want you to ask yourself, what decision do need to make right now on this call? So when you go to bed tonight, you know that you put yourself in the best possible position, actually change your situation that you don't like. And who, what decision do you think in six months time you're going to thank yourself for? Continuing to push this off or actually making the decision to make a change?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Or still being a fat  and hating yourself. Which one do you want, bro? Yeah. Yeah, I totally get that. It's like temperature checking them, closing it off, and waiting for them to respond, and then that opens up another loop as well. And you're kind of just like dialing in the intensity. If they experience a block-off or resistance, you're just dialing it back slightly again. So it's like a traffic light system almost, like green stop-start kind of thing. And then you go in for the kill right when you've, it doesn't make sense for them to have any more objections. You know, logically, they can't rebuttal on that.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, like they're just making  excuses to themselves as to why they can remain like, because again, humans are programmed to design and designed to stay comfortable and stay the same rather than make changes, even if they know what's better for them. So it's like, you've got to kind of, a few things, I always like to give them an out, because that always takes away the pressure. I mean, like, man, appreciate, you know, if it's pricing. So let's start. you. For example, I appreciate you being honest, man, at the end of the day, man, I'd love to sit down on the same side of the table with you and just like, see if we can figure this out. If not, man, like, hey, that's life sometimes, but, you if we can make it work, then fantastic, all right? So if we could, you know, break it down X, Y, Z, would that make it a little bit more reasonable to get started? Yep. Okay, cool. So I guess, how did you want to go from here? Where did you want to go from here? Oh, you know, I still need to do this. Okay. And then you just go back and then you go back into another loop.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I try and get that at the start of the call as well. Hey, mate, this is the agenda of today's call. It'll take X amount minutes. You know, if everything's great, I'm going to invite you to join the program at the end of the call. can talk about the investment, blah, blah, blah. Look, if any time it doesn't make sense for you financially, whatever it is, no pressure at all. You know, just let me know. But yeah, happy to move forward with that. Great. So instantly, kind of from the start of the call. So They're like, yep, he's going to try and close me. Yep, we're going to talk about the prices. Yep, he's told me that, you know, if I'm not, you know, keen to go down that path, then he's not going to try and pressure me. So it's lowering that resistance straight up. And then you hit them heavy with that coaching style of closing that you mentioned there. But I feel like my closing style is like, you know, dialed in. It's just that in that situation with the spousal objection, I didn't actually, like, I didn't say any of that. I literally just went straight to, mate, that's absolutely fine. I'd be worried if you didn't want to talk to your partner. When's a good time to follow up tomorrow? That's when it was like, you know, when initially I should have been like, hey, so what is it exactly you needed to speak to your partner about?
Kyle Musca: And like all these other questions. What you did is great because it gives them an out. If you just go straight into what is it you need to talk to your partner, they're Guard will go straight up. That's why giving an out is always good. mean, like, that's fine. If we can't make it work, that's all good. XYZ, Guard, low-pressure situation. And then you just, like, feed back into the conversation and continue on. The other thing I would do is, like, I wouldn't talk about, like, payments or, you know, moving forward or anything like that at the start, because that can kind of already put them in a little bit of a pressure-some situation. I kind of say, like, basically just want to have a chat to you, see where you're at, where you want to go with things, and, like, hey, if we're even the guys that are to be able to help you out in the first place. So I guess, you know, what is it you're actually, like, we'll start from scratch, what is it you're struggling with? So just, like, keep it real low-pressure the entire time, and avoid any trigger words like payment or all that stuff as well. Even when you're talking about, like, you know, actual payment, you know, investment, all that type of .
josiah narkowicz: But, yeah, yeah, okay, like, I can just reword that as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A really good one with the spouse as well. So we'll work like 30% of the time roughly. Especially if he said like, yeah, she's going to be 100% supportive. But cool, man. Like what happens if you go ask her and she says like, no, I don't want you to lose this weight. And no, don't want you to feel happier and healthier. And I don't want you to do this program. What would you do then? And then sometimes they'll say like, oh, I'll do it anyway. Well, how about we just do it?
josiah narkowicz: And that way you can go tell her you've done it instead of, you know, kind of asking her to do it. Yeah. And another one, another one I say is like, look, mate, if you get off the phone with me today, I'm probably never going to  hear from you ever again. You know, typically if people don't, you know, and then I've got, yeah, I'm keen for action takers. And, you know, just calling them out on their  as well. Whatever situation it is, like, I feel like that works. But, yeah,  me. Like, do you want to get in?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like that's when I would like hold back until like maybe the third or fourth objection cycle. But like, man, like to be honest, I've done hundreds, I've done thousands of these calls. And man, in all that time, the guys that jump or the girls that jump off the call and say they want to go chat to their partner or they want to go think about it, 99% of the time, man, I never hear from them again, right? And, you know, now I know you told me that you wanted to lose this way because you  hate the way you live. And I don't want you to see it in that position. So man, be honest with me, like what's actually stopping you from, you know, taking this step to make a change today?
josiah narkowicz: Beautiful. Putting it on the spot. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, sometimes they're like, you want to start really low friction and like, I'm just here to help. It's your life, whatever. I don't care to the point where, you know, it's like, dude, pull your head out of your , like  make a decision.
josiah narkowicz: Stop being a . Yeah, absolutely. Cool. So. You've had on the sales side.
Kyle Musca: Okay, back in there. Said book, two calls, beautiful. Only posted twice. Yeah, so in terms of that, we'll loop that back into that because that comes into like the game plan. Three in the bank, spending most of the day in tomorrow smashing reaction videos, which is great. New Year's giveaway strategy, almost time turning things up. But if you're not just currently 30 signups directly without marketing yet, so perfect. For driving you, yeah, perfect, just need some. Yeah, so reassurance on the plan. At the moment, seem like we're trying to post more content, different styles of content, that's it. So realistically, man, like we're just building the foundation. Like I know you want to run into ads and everything like that, but like I've seen it before. If you go into ads and you haven't dialed in your content to a consistent degree, then the ads just flop because it's like the brand. It's just not there. People need to, like, when we run ads, your Instagram profile is going to serve as a landing page where they're going to come in and they're going to start binge-watching all your content and Instagram is going to start showing your content to them, you know, first. So it's like in that time they're having a conversation to book a call, not only their binge-watch content, but they're seeing you constantly. If we're not running organic content to do that, then, like, the conversion ratio has just dropped dramatically. I've seen that pretty consistently from, you know, accounts that basically don't do any organic content or don't do it themselves, for example, and their lead, you know, costs and stuff aren't that bad, but their cost to acquire clients and their conversion ratios  suck. And then I've seen some accounts where they don't have a massive following by any means and they get, like, 10 or 20 likes per video and they're just really consistent with really good quality, you know, educational content. And their , you know, ads run at better cost per leads than people that have, like, 50,000 followers. So it's like the, and that's the same with like the DM setting and everything like that. Like if you've got someone in there, you know, DM setting, whether it's cold outreach or paid advertising, the organic should always be like the core pillar of like the foundation essentially. And then you can build whatever avenue off from there. And then in terms of posting the different styles of content, that's just to see like what you resonate with, what your audience resonates with, and like what you like actually doing. And also just getting the reps in as well. You know, the more content you post and film, the easier it gets and the better quality it gets as well. In terms of clear timeline mapped out and core focuses. So really, like at the end of the day, you're the captain of the ship and everything like that. I really wouldn't advise going into ads until you've consistently pumped out that content. And as we spoke about last week, like the content that you went through that period. Being really consistent has generated you a lot of really good quality leads and everything like that. So if we start, you know, tapering off that, then it's like, we're going to start running into the tapering off effect, you know, next month and the month after that. So.
josiah narkowicz: Double down on it. Yeah. Yeah, I feel like I definitely align with that. I've just been so like, a lot of mentors and stuff before I've worked with is like, Hey, you don't need to post a single post. Hey, um, all we need to do is run follower ads and  retargeting ad and you're good. Um, you know, and it just, that's kind of the background that I've been like, Hey, you either invest more time and energy into doing the con of the content and the organic strategy, or you just pay more and run more ads and this and that. And it's like, okay, which one can you leverage? And at the end of the day. Hey, you should have  both, you know, but obviously the organic should be first and foremost the bread and butter because it's, again, lowering your cost per acquisition. It's basically free form of organic marketing. So, yeah, I 100% align with that. It's just for me, like, I had just so much resistance to it initially. But, yeah, I feel like I'm finally, you know, I actually enjoy making the content. I'm going to spend the next four or five hours, like, doing reaction videos and, you know. So I feel like I got the reaction videos pretty dialed in, something a bit more viral, and it's just a bit more, like, engaging initially. It doesn't even have to be a serious coaching topic. It can just be, like, oh, your literal reaction to it. But I wouldn't even, like, you don't even need to do too much coaching education.
Kyle Musca: Like, I don't really educate that much more in my content. And, And... Um, like that pulls way more traction because it's like, you're not trying to sell. When you're trying to educate, you're kind of trying to sell. That's why you educate. Um, and people understand. Um, yeah. And what you said about like previous mentors and stuff like that. The reason they do that, man, is because it's a  easy sell for them. You know what I mean? It's like going to some  obese fat  and be like, Hey man, like all we have to do, no cardio. You don't, you can eat pizzas and donuts all the time, man. Um, I'm going to sell you this  weight loss machine. You just have to put your feet on it for like 10 minutes. a day and all like strip the fat off you. And like  lazy, lazy , both in terms of weight loss or, you know, PTs and stuff. They're like,  yeah. I'm willing to spend whatever I have to, to, to achieve that. But it's just a false reality. It's, it's selling something that doesn't really exist. You know what I mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. And I caught wind of that pretty early. I always had in the back of my mind that yeah, organics, definitely the way to go. see a lot of these accounts with like quite large fall. Followings, heavy engagement, and they're just  doing it all organically. And I know that obviously Reese and Cam, they're like bullish on organic marketing as well and content. And it's always the slimy  and the , like they got bad energy. They're the ones that are promoting just ads. Don't worry about content, it's just ads. And they just seem hella slimy.
Kyle Musca: So a good question to then is like, well, have you ever built a  fitness coaching business for yourself? Because it's like, you know, it's a lot of, and it's easier to just rely off ads in something that B2B like that because it's a different sort of clientele in a different industry. It's a different sale. You know what mean? Like if I come to you and I say, hey, man, we don't need to do any organic content. Just pay me 20 grand. I'll show you how to run ads and everything like that. And you don't need to do any organic content. just  rake it in. And man, there's so many, again, lazy PTs out there that are like. jump on that. I mean, they're chasing the carrot when it's like, well, just like anything, man, you have to do the work. There's no, this isn't a  easy cash grab or, you know, same thing with like dropshipping and stuff like that. You've got those gurus out there. They're like, it's  easy. You don't have to do any work. You just find a product and chuck it up and people  buy. It's like, it's not that simple. At the end of the day, it's still a business.
josiah narkowicz: You have to treat it like a business. Yeah, absolutely. And at the end of the day, you're not going to be nurturing any of those leads as well. So you're just going to get  quality leads and, yeah, there isn't that buy-in from them initially. So I just want like quality clients that have actually been working with me for a little bit. But, yeah, I think the ads should definitely just to be funneling, you know, to your content because at the end of the day, your business page, your landing page is your Instagram.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, and it's also a point. There's difference, man, because at the end of the day, like, pretty much every coach runs the same type of  ad, right? They say the same , et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, especially when, you know, you've got people giving them copy and paste sort of  things, which is pretty funny. Like, I know a few people that are with Reese, and you look up their ads, and, like, the graphics are word for word the exact same  thing. And it's like, like, Reese's client? Yeah, yeah, like, well, he's, like, ad guy and everything, like, dada. And it's like, these people don't know who you are. They've never seen you in their  life. They've got no trust. They've got no relationship with you. And they've seen three other ads that day of the exact same  thing. What is the point of difference? Well, how much they actually like and know you? You know what mean? Like, the only way you can do that is by actually creating organic content.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, like, and the other thing with the ads, man, is, like, one, we've also really wanted to build up the foundation of your reoccurring and just, like, you Building the actual internal sort of coaching because when you step into the world of Admen, it requires like a lot more overheads essentially. Like you need – well, probably if you want to do it professionally, you don't have to do it. But like I'd encourage you to do it professionally with like actual videographer and cameras and stuff. Again, don't have to do that. You need  DM setters in there pretty consistently. Like I'd say at least six hours a day and through those peak times because, again, it's called audience. requires more attention to detail. And then there's obviously the ad costs on top of that, man. Like I wouldn't spend anywhere below sort of $500 to $1,000 a week and more realistically minimum of $1,000 a week. And then there's also testing periods and everything you have to go through as well. So it's like there's a lot more overheads you incur plus we've already got ManyChat. Do you have a ManyChat marketing automation thing? Yeah. Yeah, so that's like an extra – I think it's like 300  years. up or, but it It's a of, it's a ripoff. Those guys are  dogs, but it's like 300 bucks or something a month. So it's like, you really, you want to make sure that the system front to back is dialed before we step into that row.
josiah narkowicz: Absolutely. Yeah, I agree.
Kyle Musca: And you'll see it as well, Like I see it all the time, man. I'll see someone's  ad pop up. You know, they've clearly copied, you know, like me or someone else. And then like a week later, you'll never  see them again. It's because they, they don't understand the funnel. They don't understand the messaging that I don't have the organic content to back it up. And they're trying to, you know,  live a life that just doesn't, you know, exist. You can't just throw an ad. It's like throwing  at a wall and hoping something sticks.
josiah narkowicz: You know what I mean? I get it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, I guess that definitely clears it up for me, bro. I just needed like, hey, this is what we're going to, I guess all the. The mentors I've worked with, they've given me like a, hey, this is this week. This is what we're doing like the next few months. But yeah, I like this style of, hey, this is what we're doing now. And if we can dial all this in now, it's like the foundational phase. But yeah, that's a good answer, mate. Appreciate it. I'm also, what are your thoughts on this? Because my gym's getting demolished. I think we touched on this last week. Essentially getting demolished. And like within probably six to nine months, that works in well with our timeline of going fully online, right? So at that point, like, should I even bother going into a new gym? Because at the end of the day, it's like $300. You get access to a bunch of leads. You can convert them online. You've got a nice office to work from. So I'm like, should I even bother with that? Or should I just say, hey, I'm cutting the life raft off here and I'm going all  in online? Because I feel like if I went to Anytime Fitness, then that's just a whole nother  storm of like, you know, working with face-to-face again. And it's just like, oh, but my profit margins might take a little bit of a hit initially. So I need to make the process, you know, those 10, 15 clients that have got face-to-face that do , like, I'll keep my OG clients. I'll definitely keep, there's two clients that collectively give me like two grand a week. So I'll definitely want to keep them. But all the rest, I want to make sure that the online clients have like basically replaced them. And then I'll come up with some deal. Hey, you can have online for a whole year. Hey, I don't do. Discounted rate or something like that for the others. So maybe that would be a good way to do it. But yeah, just tell me just straight up yes or no.
Kyle Musca: I don't recommend. Like realistically, if you've got six-month leeway and, you know, when we first chat, the ultimate goal was to get fully online anyway. Realistically, all you need to do is just gain 10 or 15 new clients online at a bare minimum. And you've just recouped that income and you don't have any of the 15 hours that you're spending on the gym floor either. Plus the $300 gym rent and everything like that. And you get to work from home. So it's like, you know, just set that up as an office.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, I'm not sure if you do this already, but you can, because you can already do it because you work online. You can go and have a chat to your accountant and you can claim like, I think it's up to 40% of your tax, rent on tax because it's a home office.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, we definitely do that already. My accountant is, he's honestly dialed in. He was even like, oh, can start an OnlyFans because it's tax-free. He's a funny, he's a funny, but, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I don't think so, man. Like, that kind of comes down to execution, you know what mean? Like, realistically, as we spoke about last week, with the amount of lead flow and everything that you have, and if you can stay consistent, especially pushing more content and everything, by then we should well and truly be set up with ads. Like, if we don't have an extra 10 to 15 clients by that point, it's like, we're doing something  wrong.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's like, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: At that point, if you haven't put on at least, what's that, within six months, 25 weeks, is it? 24 weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: So, if you put on two clients... A week for that many weeks, that's what, like 40, 50 clients, and then you get maybe 30% drop off the natural churn. I don't know. We should be there. And that's being conservative as well, you know?
Kyle Musca: Again, that heavily comes back to building this foundation and then scaling from there. So it's like, we need to be on, like, posting at least once a day, doing all that stuff. I mean, just the simple non-negotiables, man. It's the same as, like, a workout program. I mean, like, we want to lose 20 kilos by six months. It's like, well, we need to track our calories. We need to get to the gym. We need to do the cardio. We need to do those actual steps that result in that success. So, I mean, like, we're going into this Christmas period and everything like that, so it's like people will be  lazy. As it is, whatever. But it's like, come January, man, like, we want to make sure that, like, from the gates, we're just  sprinting to the finish line.
josiah narkowicz: Like the start of January? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that's not to say we should take our foot off, especially with content and everything like that, man. Yeah, I wouldn't use this as an excuse to back off because most coaches do that, which means that if you can just stay consistent and, you know,  even 50% of your competition isn't posting through without time, this is a huge opportunity to get ahead. And then in January, when people do want to start up, who do think they're going to sign with? The guy that they've consistently seen for the last two, three weeks, when they've constantly been thinking about, I'm going to start something in January.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, and I've messaged them a few times, I've downloaded one or two of my resources, I've seen a  ton of transformations and photos on my stories. And people do reply to the polls. People, you know. And do, like, you know, love heart react the transformations. So, yeah, I might get some more social proof reels in there as well, not just the crazy reaction videos, but also, hey, this is my , like, the Black Friday when I did of, this is Jessica, she had these three meals, she lost , you know, 12 kilos in 15 weeks. Bang. You know, that only got, what, 1,500 views. And, like, the stupid one that took me 10 seconds to make it some text got, like, 10K views recently. But also that reaction one, it got, like, 5K views, I think, the one I posted yesterday. So that seems to be pretty good. But, yeah, just have the social proof stuff in there as well to make sure that, you know, come January, they're ripe and ready to. And I want to have a content, I want to have a bank of like at least 20 drafts in there, or at least 20 done up reels ready to go. And then maybe on the day that I don't feel as motivated or whatever to make content or something happens, like I've got a bunch of court dates coming up, custody . So like that week might be . I've all got 20 videos there to post every day, you know, that might be a better option. So, and there's no reason I can't do that. I can sit down for two hours and make like probably at least six or seven of those reaction videos. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, like, yeah, I haven't, I filmed my first piece of content in Canada. I haven't done anything since then before I left. So it's like. If you can do that, yeah, you can go on these periods where you don't have to  touch it. And then like you're not stressed out or anything because nothing's going up. Like it's just about having stuff pre-planned and like prepped for those situations. And with what you said, like previous mentors have given, you know, this is what we're going to do over the next six, 12 months. It's like, that's kind of similar to, you know, building out a client roadmap for your clients. So they always have a constant thought about what's next. When realistically, it's like, I like to just focus on like, what is the big domino that we need to do like now, knock that over and we can keep moving forward. And like, realistically, man, like there's no real reason to even like, like there is, don't get me wrong, but it's like, you shouldn't put all your eggs into focusing on like a six month or 12 month roadmap plan, because it's like so many different variables, like the longer the extension, so many variables come into play. And realistically, as long as you're a month ahead in terms of your marketing plays and strategies, like you're  fine. You know what I mean? Like there's no reason to.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, that's how I always explain it to clients as well, because I have been giving them the transformation roadmap with four weeks priming, 10 weeks dieting, reverse, whatever it is. But I always frame it basically exactly how you said it. Hey, it's, you know, contingent on how consistent we are. You know, there's a few calendar events coming up, Easter, this and that, that we do add a bit of a buffer of weeks on. So this is subject to change. But at least if we're staying at least, you know, two, three moves ahead at a time, once ahead of schedule, then, you know, we're definitely on our way to achieving your dream physique, for example. So, yeah, you can apply it to  any situation. I totally get that. So, yeah, as long as you have your annual goals, your quarterly goals. Your monthly, weekly, and it's just funneling through the whole system. That's where the weekly reviews, monthly reviews come in handy. So I don't know if that's something that you do, but I'm about to do all my annual planning for next year as well. Set up new targets, new goals, keen as to get on top of that. But yeah, I feel like 26.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, honestly, like, especially when you do this, you know, we've been doing it for a few years now. Like, I don't really sit down and map out 12 months, for example. I just kind of know, you know, January is kickstart to the new year. Winter is maybe like more muscle building, more maybe even value-driven, low-ticket stuff, bring people through the thing. And then it's like summer is  everything about summer shred, everything about New Year's challenge. And it's like, you know, plan a month or two ahead of 100%. But like, for example, you know, I spoke to guys that are sort of running the ads and everything like that. And we're like, December is going to be a  month. Let's focus on running a New Year's challenge and marketing that heavily through. December. We spoke about that in probably October, maybe early November, filmed it by end of November, and then December is like, just turn it on and  runs on autopilot. I mean, it's like now we're focusing on, okay, what's our plan for January, February? You know what mean? It's just, again, keeping a month ahead, making sure you've got time to get the  in order for it, and you're  good.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. That's the marketing kind of marathon through the year, and what levers to pull, what holidays to kind of leverage, and, you know, when to pull the trigger on things, when to nurture. Like, that's kind of new to me in the past year or so. So before I was just like, didn't do any marketing on New Year's, didn't do any marketing. It was just like a normal  thing, right? So, yeah, that's massive growth points to come there, and, you know, that'll only enhance retention and increase sign-ups.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. And, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Another good example of that is like, I was the same last year. didn't  really plan anything from December, January. And, you know, nothing really happened in December. January was slow because everyone, any actual market has already done their  in December, set himself up for it. So this year I was like, , man, I'm definitely making a point to get a strong marketing strategy in order for December. And it's, you know, been one of the best ones of year.
josiah narkowicz: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: So, and again, that's all completely automated just because I had everything just pre-filmed and set up, ready to go.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. I should have got you a few months before.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you're technically doing it with the Christmas hamper thing. Like it's still a play. You know what mean? You're collecting those like leads. So it's like, you can just rip straight in. As long as you've got something to collect and just  rip with. The problem most people face is they don't do anything. And then January comes first and like, oh, I've got to start posting content now. It's like, well, man, anyone that was actually serious. It's about making a change. It's already like opting in for a coach that did actually market and did actually do something.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, that's been good because I know I'll have at least a few hundred quality leads to call as soon as January hits, right? And even the online form in the gym, I've got the poster set up with the QR code. I've had like 20 or 30 people scan it, put their name in. so they're already thinking, hey, what it would be like to actually have six weeks of free coaching with a PT. What would it be like to actually work with a PT? Yeah, I do want to get jacked for Christmas or for next year. Hey, I do want to work on these goals. Hey, who's that  guy that his name keeps popping up? That Josiah , that bald  from Snap Fitness. Let's get him. Let's lock him in for the new year. And. And I just like that I've got five or six really, like basically people that have already taken a deposit, like a $200 deposit, they're going to be signing up in the new year as well. So, you know, what's that? Could be on for my first ever $30,000 a month in January. So that's crazy to talk about. That's including paid in fulls, but. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, exactly, man. So, yeah. But yeah, I just like to keep things really nice and simple. Like I don't like to overcomplicate things. Sounds fancy on paper. And that's what a lot of gurus get away with. But like, it's not practical. You give it to someone and they're like, well, what the  do I do with this?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. It's more about doing what? Less, less of. Just the shiny object things and more, more, more, more, or let's just dial in the few things we've already underperforming in and just doing them better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's just like, what is the actual main thing or things that are actually going to bring more money into the business? Let's just  do that. Everything else just can  right off. You know what mean? Like, no point in spreading ourselves too thin until it's a problem that's stopping us from doing more, then it's not a problem.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Is there anything else or anything like that you wanted to run by me at all, mate?
josiah narkowicz: It's pretty much that, bro. Other than that, maybe if you're like, maybe if you see any feedback on the content that I'm posting this week, because I plan to post every day this week, maybe just some feedback, send it through. Hey, I like this. Hey, this sentence could have been. Being restructured this way, like literally a five-second, like, little analysis of it. Because then I had a, yeah, like the reaction videos, for example, like I looked at some viral reaction videos and then I basically, like, got a transcript of it and was like, hey, can you analyze these five scripts? What are, like, the flow and structure of these scripts that is creating this virality? And then I got this little bit of a template and I was like, okay, well, give me a bit of a structure to go off for these scripts to respond to these videos. And, yeah, way, way better than just being on the fly, what I was doing before. I need a bit of, still need a bit of a hook, need to be a bit more polarizing, just the certain language and words you're using. So the one I used yesterday, what was it? was like. Like, I'm, what did I say? I was going to, I'm going to tell the truth here or something like that. I'm going to be, I'm going to be honest or something like that. So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I always like to add it in. Like, it's kind of like a little bit of a filler. I'm going to, it's going to piss some people off or I'm not going to lie. Or, um, I always like to throw something like that in there.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. And the whole time they're thinking like, what's this kind of going to say? He's either going to roast them or he's going to agree and like, give us his little spiel on it, or he's just going to do something stupid and just react to it. So in their mind, there's a bit of anticipation. Um, but the one, and the other reaction one I made was Kim Kardashian and she's in an interview and she's saying like, the interview says, Hey, how many days a week do you exercise? And she's like 60? 60. Two a week for two hours of workout, blah, blah, blah. So I'm just going to be like, no one  trains that long and you don't really need to to get great results, blah, blah, blah. So I feel like that could be a good one. But yeah, just along the lines of that, you know, doesn't have to be serious.
Kyle Musca: No, absolutely. Yeah. You don't need to, like, you don't need to educate on them. You can just talk . You can just say, good job for this transformation. You know what mean? Cool, bro. But yeah, I can definitely do that. I'll review and give feedback for sure.
josiah narkowicz: That's about it, bro. Other than that, I'm pretty dialed in. I've actually got two weeks off face-to-face. So it'd be sweet. Like, I'm still getting paid for all the debits and everything, which is great. So I can just focus on the content. I'm still doing check-ins for onlines and for the face-to-faces. So they still... We'll that support.
Kyle Musca: This might even be a time to, yeah, for the in-persons, you just said this, but like it'd be a good time to say introduce them to the online check-in stuff and then like get them understanding how that operates because it'll be easier to like transition them in if they know.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I really should be increasing my face-to-face because I actually charge more for online than I do face-to-face. And plus the face-to-face still get everything that the online do anyway, apart from the calls. So, yeah, that's, but it face-to-face is very transactional. It's very like commoditized. It's like you pay per session kind of thing. Yeah. So people attach that value to the time that you spent with them. Whereas online, it's like a package and a whole lifestyle transformation. So there is a few. Yeah. Yeah, so it is harder to sell a bit more, but that being said, I'm charging $100 per half an hour, which is $200 an hour, which is decent. Yeah, bro, I'm pretty happy with things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful, man. Cool, bro. Well, man, I do have to run, but yeah, let's just be real consistent for the rest of the year, bro, and man, we'll be  golden.
josiah narkowicz: Yes, sir.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. All right, enjoy the rest of the day, bro, and I'll chat to you very soon. You too, mate. Bye. Cheers, bye.


>>> 50/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-17T02:41:15Z | id:109282264
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Hey, bro. How you going?
Michael: Yeah, good, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yourself? Good, man. Good. How's things?
Michael: Nah, not too bad. My sleep's just a bit  up right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, how come?
Michael: I don't know. Just still, like, since I had my wisdoms out, like, because I was sleeping throughout the day while I was recovering from that, and it's just taken me ages to get back to, like, being able to fall asleep at, like, a normal time, or at least get, like, a good sleep at night.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Michael: Yeah, fair, man.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Yeah, that's not an idea. Cool, man. We'll rip right in, bro. How has this week been overall, bro?
Michael: Overall, pretty good. Like, I think this week, compared to, like, the last couple weeks, I probably posted a bit less. But in terms of, like, overall engagement and, like, reach, it's probably been the best, like, on average.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, nice. Let's pull that up. Is there anything that you've sort of done differently this week?
Michael: Not that I can think of. I obviously just didn't post as many of, like, the workout reactions. I think I've always sticked to, like, or four of those weekly instead of every day. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How long did you get a chance to post any, like, new style reaction ones that aren't the workout one?
Michael: Not yet, but I will today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, cool. Yeah, I'd definitely get into that, man. Yeah, for sure. Well, basically, from what we spoke about last week, the... ... ... ... ... Yeah. I'm just having a look here. It wouldn't be what happened to me. Yeah, okay, sick. Okay, cool, man. So I'll show my screen so you can actually see it.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, this time of year, man, you know, coming back in December, like, calls and everything, you're probably more than likely going to drop off. It's just not a  great period. In saying that, it's not also, you know, like, a means to just throw on the towel and, like, we'll just start back next year. It's a good period to stay really consistent because a lot of people do drop off at this time, like, in terms of coaches posting content and all that . And then they kind of, like, have to start from scratch in January. Like, if you just consistently post this way, like, through, one, you know, people are probably going to be posting less in general. So it's a good time to sort of get ahead in terms of engagement. But two, you know, the people that are sort of keen to do something in January, bro, they're going to be like seeing who's, like not actively seeing who's posting more, but they're going to be, you know, seeing who's posting more. So that way when they do make the decision to do something, it's like they're going to go to whoever they've been seeing the most, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now these videos seem to do quite well for you in terms of engagement and likes. And you added more in there, which is fantastic.
Michael: Yeah, I was going to just try something small and I was like, oh, , last time, bro, it like, put on like a fat caption as I wrote out like a full essay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, again, like you can just like create a AI like thing for that.
Michael: Yeah, I think I said it in the check-in form. like tried to use ChatGPT for certain things, but I think I need to like, I like attempted to like, like train it to a degree. But I think I need to. Properly sit down and do it because it spat out some like proper gay stuff and I was like, I'm not  writing that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So we might even cover that. We might even go over that in a bit more detail. Yeah, you got the social proof. I already noticed it'll piss some people off, but if your main priority is to grow muscle, then believing this nutrition is 90% and training is only 10% is silly. Because throwing back a bit of beef, mince, and chicken alongside some subpar training is... Yeah, yeah, cool. So one thing on these, do you color grade the video as much?
Michael: Not really, no, I just kind of use my phone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would color grade it in edits a little bit. Literally all I do for that, like don't go  crazy with it, doesn't need that much. It just crisps it up a bit, so...
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You go, do you know how to color grade it?
Michael: Let me pull it up on my phone. On edits, did you say?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Michael: Is it, um, are you just in adjust?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you go adjust, man. And literally all I do is I turn clarity up to 10. And then depending on the video, I'll turn highlights down to like negative 6 or negative 10, whatever. It'll just like sharpen it up. That's like literally all I do.
Michael: Yeah, easy as.
Kyle Musca: Just to make it nicer on the eyes, like seem cleaner, but without being like fully professional camera style clean.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure.
Kyle Musca: Um, perfect. Okay. Cool. So we'll go through the check-in form first and we'll get into the AI star. Is there anything specifically that you're struggling with this week, man?
Michael: Um, not so much. Like there's obviously a few things that I haven't fully incorporated yet from last week, just because I haven't, I haven't needed to batch yet until today. Like last time I batched, I actually did  more than I needed to. And it's just. It's sort of like, that's just sort of being used this week and been pushing that out slowly this week, but I batch again today. So a lot of like what we spoke about last week as well, we'll get chucked in today, in the videos today. And then obviously whatever we speak about today too. I tried the, even just because I haven't done like the other gym reactions yet, but with like the workout reactions and you're saying to try like not have like your face at the start. I think that would probably be better for like the other reaction stuff. Like I tried it on the two workout reactions I chucked in this week. I think it almost didn't do as well. But I think potentially like obviously for stuff that isn't like a full  workout reaction, it might do a lot better if I chucked that in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just play around with it type thing.
Michael: Yeah. course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Cool. So didn't post that much as much this week. Yeah. Being best in terms of overall engagement views, cut-up versions and talking head. How are you finding that, yeah, the cutting, talking head ones?
Michael: It's actually been good. I think I spend less time doing it just because I can, like, stop it and then obviously think about my next sentence. so I almost, like, every time it's almost like I say the right thing straight away instead of, like, obviously having to restart every time you  it up. But, yeah, I think as well, like, I filmed a few and I had to, like, kind of scrap it because my tone from, like, the first clip to the next clip didn't, like, just didn't match up. Like, I don't know how to explain, but, like, the, like, the energy, like, in my voice or, like, the tone of, like, how I was speaking or how I ended the last sentence and how I started the next one just was just completely  wrong. But aside from that, I think it's actually been pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Okay, well, that will just be something that irons out with time. One thing I would try as well, man, is, like, I'm pretty sure we have spoken about this past. But just like trying to, I guess, slow it down and deepen your voice a little bit, just because that tonality will come across in people's minds as a higher authority person. Like if you ever hear someone talk about like tone and all that , like body language, all that stuff, you'll find, especially like when you read books and stuff, they'll talk like  slow and they'll talk deep. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This goes hand in hand with sales calls as well, like that midnight radio host kind of tonality that we want to use most of the time. But essentially, yeah, like if you look at someone like who's really good at that seller content, like higher up wellness, for example, you'll notice he talks very like calm, like very sort of neutral almost. And it depends on the demographic you're trying to, if you're going for mainly only men, then let's like, yeah, put on a deep tone, like deep male tone. His is like going for men and women and everything like that. So it's kind of like that neutral tone.
Michael: And then... And Resonates with both sides. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. And then, yeah, just keep getting those clients in there as well for those talking head ones as well.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Tests are not having my head. Yeah, some things we spoke about haven't incorporated yet, full videos I haven't batched yet. According to today, cool. Getting videos, nine, which is good. Adding in the feedback you gave me on first in the vision. Yeah, perfect. Tension has also been going pretty well internally, which is good. Have you been, have you asked clients for referrals and stuff much?
Michael: Yeah, like through my check-ins, I think like two weeks ago, went through like everyone and basically every check-in I sent back. I like asked something along those lines. I think we spoke about it like two weeks ago.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see. I would do it probably every two weeks, to be honest.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or even like if a client's absolutely  killing me. It's thrown in there every week. Keep a real top of mind. Even if it's something that's at the end, or when you see their weight loss has dropped even more this week, after you said what you're going to say, as usual, man, if you know someone else who's keen on coaching, man, just swing them our way, I'll sort them out for you. It can't be something as simple as that.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Chat to be too fast, but as in case you're ready, yeah, I'm going have to sit down properly and do. Yep. improving productivity and time management. Yep. CTAs, know I said last week, but crowds and voices are going out this week too. Time block better and batch stay, I can't really put it off. Yep. Yep, honestly. Yep, okay. Cool, man. So, let's just spend this session, like, really doing the AI .
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, so, So first of all, depending on how, um, depending on how crazy you want to get, you can come in and give it like custom instructions and everything like that. Um, I just got the like pro pro version, so it's, let's see here, second language, yeah. So you can, yeah, additional behavior, style, and tone preferences and everything like that. So if you want to come in there and add that stuff in. So, let's, let's break this down. What, what were you specifically doing it for this week?
Michael: Um, just like the stories, like the CTAs and the stuff on the stories.
Kyle Musca: So. With that, you are NeuroLoss. You are NeuroLoss. In organic. So I always like to say, like, you are whatever you're trying to do, right? Yeah. Not going to lie, usually when I do this, I'll, like, actually, like, use the dictate thing. So I can kind of just  say exactly what I'm, like, I'll ramble a bit, but I'll  figure it out. Your goal is to, right, your name, master, go over it. Feedback into chat GPT, so you can go do deep research on me. Let me just, I'll, sorry. Um, I am specifically. I'm specifically looking for organic and stream traffic. Your goal is to write me a muscle prompt, I can feedback from JAPT, so I can do research for me on this task. I'm specifically looking for the best methods to convert viewers through stories into high-ticket-paying clients through story CTAs. This includes things like gross stories, one, two stories. First, sticker tabs, question is, ultimate goal is, okay. Perfect. One story post. And zone like this, et cetera, et cetera. Again, this is like just kind of batting it off. What I would do here as well, by the way, is I would break it down into specific tasks. So right now I'm getting it to do, like, for example, the stories, like what the actual story is. CTAs are. Then after, I would get it to do the tonality, right? So it's like I'm speaking to 20-year-old, 30-year-old guys. It's more of a masculine tone, more of a, you know what mean? It's a tonality of, I always do some sort of tonality research to go with it. Yeah. Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: I'm just going to go from here, right? Does task really do this to do this do this this to do to do this then you just don't copy it out. Otherwise, if you copy that for some reason, it writes you another master problem. Yeah. Getting in sync with strategies, directs, specifically converting stories into view. Oh, that's the best sticker on directs, hold on. First, pull in sets for multiple critical sources. Scripts. It's just something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just that one. Yes. Let's do that. I'm going to send this through to you as well, just so you have it.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Check that in there. Do the research. Cool. Probably going to ask me a couple of questions. Thank you. Do you want research prioritized recent? Yes. We'll go deep, deep research. And then while it's doing that, I'll usually come into New Chat. Specialized. Any. In men's health, fitness, you specifically focus, goal is to do deep research, to understand, to communicate with men ages. What's your main client avatar?
Michael: I'd say, like, between 18 and 30.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Go 23 to 35. I'll try and avoid, like, the younger ages. Like, I would, in all your marketing, talking points, all that stuff, avoid anything under, like, early 20s, late teens, just because they just don't have money.
Michael: There's no point in , you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And if you speak to them, then, like, dudes that are 30 or 35. Five people out of the money, they'll see that and be like, well, I'm not, like, he doesn't encourage people like me, right?
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: My... So what would you say your personality traits... You prick. Like, like, for me, I would say, like, more, you know, masculine, direct accountability, like, a bit of empathy, mainly accountability, et cetera, et cetera.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, right. don't know what mean. Like, that's a hard one. I don't even... I don't  know, eh.
Kyle Musca: No harm was... So, science-based, research, I guess that's the same thing, science-based. Would you say you're more of a direct accountability, kind of no  kind of coach or are you like a little bit more empathy driven?
Michael: No, I kind of just say it as is. I'd say, yeah, definitely a bit more straightforward.
Kyle Musca: A bit of empathy. Is there anyone that you kind of like how they talk and how they sort of, I guess, market themselves?
Michael: Like my coach at the moment, Declan, but that's just because... Because I like that he's, like, he obviously takes into consideration, like, the research aspect of things, but I think, end of the day, like, still like a bro at heart, you know what mean? Like, I think, um, when you take this science  too far, it actually gets  gay, and then nothing gets achieved.
Kyle Musca: What's the thing? Is there any, like, well-known, like, for me, I would say, like, you maybe John Jewett, Joe Bennett, someone, like, you know, well-known that you'll be able to actually research?
Michael: Um, not, not really, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's okay. Okay. That was on that too as well. Did you, did you do this when you went to go radios?
Michael: Yeah, but I just probably didn't put that much, that much  in it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the prompting is really important because if you don't give it like really clear instructions, it will just go on its own like  tangents and like not do it very well. So, deep research and then, did I say no? . So, deep research say research then, no? research and then, no? no? So, So, Okay, so one, you're looking at research across general. What are they call? Don't have those insights from specifically. Okay. Do you like trading Okay. So Thank you. So yeah, they'll go away and do its things. Did you create the project?
Michael: Like, yeah, that's a separate thing, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wonder if I have. While we're waiting on that, because I have, like, my tonalities and stuff in here. So this isn't going to be as good as, hopefully, this one will be. But we'll see what it says. is going to be. Thank you.
Michael: Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Thank you. I mean, I'd probably give it more information if I was doing it, but just for the sake of the argument. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank Thank Thank And then usually when you start a new chat, man, like you'll have to spend the time to like properly gearing it, right?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So. So don't need to slide more. So I don't need to slide more. This is not doing it  well. Thank you. Yeah, so you could do something like, I would probably, again, you're going to have to change this manually, but I would probably do like, one of the biggest lies in the fitness industry, and then drop the line, training is 10%, nutrition is 90%. If that was true, everyone that eats like clean, I'd put quotations around that. If that was true, why do so many people eat clean, but look like ?
Michael: You know what I Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So again, it's more so to give the, again, 80% of the work, give you the idea, give you the direction, and then you just like actually word it.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you train like a clown, there's no signal. If it goes to waste, then nothing changes. And then I would just make it. And then again, using nuance, like I would probably try and combine these two into one story. On story two, use a client as a result. This is exactly what  Sam was doing. He ate clean, but his training wasn't dialed in and he wasn't seeing the results he was hoping for. And this is one side. Once he started falling apart, Program focused on progressive overload. He completely transformed his Vizek in 12 weeks. Yeah. Training sends a signal, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Again, that's not actually  geared for it, that chat should be, I just wanted to see if it would actually do it based off the tonality that I'd given before. So they are a little bit annoying to set up, but then once you set them up, you should just be able to plug things straight into them and then , like, good to go.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Ideally, this would  work faster so we could actually do it, but it doesn't. But I guess, like, something like this would be, you know, good for the ad graphic text that I do for clients, right? I can just sort of say something like that, right? That was for the closes. So you will see like for this, I'll give it a good strong prompt. Yeah, here's the prompt. And then it'll go and do it. Usually I won't be happy with it to start. Give it feedback. It'll go do it again. Like this was, you know, too short. This wasn't enough, essentially. Yeah. Then you get pissed off with it. You just keep refining it. And then, like, once it does it properly, they're not awesome.
Michael: Oh, .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So once it does it properly, and I, like, actually, like, get it to sort  out, then I'll say, like, I want you to write me an evergreen prompt that I can use for other chats that does this. We've just, what we've just done. I want you to include it to use intuition, go outside the framework if it makes sense, and make it look clean. Give more useful info, whatever else it may need to do. I also want you to include expand on things if it needs to. So, like, clarifying the things that it needs to do based off stuff I've already said before. And then it'll write me the prompt. Google based off everything, know, but Jesse and Ed Graphics. We've done both. Now needs to create four-eyed graphics for X, Y, Z. And then it does it a lot  better. So it's kind of hard for me to explain because I'm trying not to take up too much time here. But essentially, like, you've just got to kind of spend the time to do the research, do the prompting, and then you've got to spend time, like, actually kind of, I guess, doing the work yourself, like, writing, showing it exactly how you want it written, and then extract the templates from that.
Michael: And then you should be fine from that point on. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does make sense?
Michael: So a little bit of a  around, not going to lie, but then, like, again, once you've got it, you should just be able to say, I want this done, and then it goes away and does it properly. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, if it pisses you off and takes, like, longer than it should, then, yeah, don't worry, that's normal. Yeah. See if this is done. , man, this is taking ages. It usually does. Did you, and then you chucked it into a Google Doc and everything like that after?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just think, like, I probably just didn't have enough in it. And then, yeah, what you were saying just before about when you actually put it in and then you have to, like, refine what it gives you and then   around with a bit more before it actually starts spitting out some proper .
Kyle Musca: Because, yeah, it, like, spat me out some  and I was like, what the  is that? And I just left it and I just went and did it on my own. Yeah. If you're going to do it on your own, you might as well, like, yeah, play around with it and get it right on that. And then just say, like, based off everything we've done, give me a, like, an evergreen prompt to use this moving forward, essentially. Give it better wording than that. But then it should, you know, then just make sure you actually save that on a Google Drive somewhere. Yeah. So, like, when you come back to it, it should be in the project files. You need to download it anyway. But you definitely want to make sure it's, like, saved in a place that you can actually come back.
Michael: You can find it for future use if you need it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The good news is, like, it is a bit of a  around, and that's why most people, like, don't spend the time to actually, like, sort it out. But, again, once you sort it out properly, it makes your life a lot easier.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Does that kind of make sense? Like, I was, like, trying to...
Michael: Yeah, like, I know what you mean. I think I just, yeah, I just have to sit down and do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, cool. And then, like, when you, if you see them on people's stories, man, like, you might even want to screenshot them and, like, create an album in your phone. Because then you can, like, kind of upload those images and say, like, this is the things I want you to reference.
Michael: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll do that. Perfect, right. Any questions on any of that stuff at all?
Michael: No, no, that's all pretty sweet.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Well, I'll wait for these things to  actually finish and then send them through to you. Is there anything else, like, anything specific that you wanted to come
Michael: What this week, man? Nah, not really. But I think everything's pretty sweet at the moment. Obviously, we'll batch the videos today and just incorporate a bit more of what we spoke about last week as well. Other than that, I think I'm okay for now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Yeah, again, it's just one of those tricky periods, man. Like this next two weeks, no one's really going to be wanting to  get a coach and sign up for a program and everything like that. Which is, you know, it's unfortunate is what it is. So what I would really do is just like focus on being really consistent through this period so you can kind of get ahead. And then like when people are, you know, get into that mindset of getting back into it in the new year, it's like you can kind of set yourself apart because you've kind of been there the whole way through, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. And then when you create those new reaction style videos, man, send them through me and then I can give feedback and review on that as well.
Michael: Yeah, beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Sounds good. Perfect, man. All right, bro. I'll leave you back to it once. Those documents fully finish, I'll chuck them in a Google Drive, and I'll send them through to you.
Michael: Yeah, easy, I appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: No worries, man. Cool, bro. If you have any questions, just sing out. Yes, we'll do. Thank you. Cheers, man. Bye. See ya.


>>> 51/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-17T22:47:59Z | id:109597159
People: Kyle Musca

emily paige: This meeting is being recorded. Hello, hello.
Kyle Musca: Hey, how going?
emily paige: Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. How's things?
emily paige: Yeah, really good. It's been full on, but it's been good.
Kyle Musca: Nice, nice. Cool. Well, we'll dive right in. How have you been going with getting the coach all up and running?
emily paige: Should you all sorted? Yeah, so she's all sorted now. Now it's just about her figuring out how to use kahunas, which she's getting a good hang of, so that's good. She knows how to coach, but she hasn't used kahunas before, so I'm just letting her go through the Notion videos that I made because I filmed them all, and she's been doing a good job at that. Now I've got calls, like, booked out literally every single day, but obviously being December, I'm finding that a lot more people are a bit sceptical to spend money. So I... I had, like I even read it down, like I had 15 calls this week so far, and 10 of them showed up, and 5 of them joined up, which is still good, but I'm used to like closing all the calls, so it's definitely, yeah, reality, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so there's a few things to unpack with that, you had 5 no-shows, what was the, like in terms of when you contacted them to book in the call, to when the actual call was booked, what was sort of that time frame?
emily paige: It was, so, cause I booked out the Monday, and then I booked out the Tuesday, like I pretty much booked out 2 days within the first day of messaging girls, cause I had to message them all, and then it was probably the ones that were definitely not on the Monday, it was all the ones that were on the Tuesday, but then I've rescheduled pretty much all of them, so I rescheduled 3 of the girls, and then 2 of them just haven't gone back.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Do you have any, what's your booking system?
emily paige: Is it Calendly or Go High Level? Calendly.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Do you have a workflow reminder setup?
emily paige: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So that's probably why I would say there's a few no-shows there. Again, we've never had to really worry about that stuff too much just because it's just like a really hot organic sort of things and like you can, it's just super easy. But I definitely think it's something that we look at implementing. So how much are you spending on Calendly per month?
emily paige: Like what's the subscription fee? It's not a lot. Like I actually don't know the exact number, but I know it's not a lot. Like, yeah, because it was only, it was free until I had to add Clemé into it.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So.
emily paige: Because I already messaged the girls in the morning because I set a reminder to message them. Or when I just say, like, I'll talk to you at whatever time we booked in. And then the only ones that didn't show up were the ones that didn't respond to that message until, like, after.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, I mean, it is up to you. It might be worth looking at getting Go High Level, like, now, just because it's, like, an all-in-one system. So do you know much about Go High Level?
emily paige: I think you were talking to me a bit about it last week.
Kyle Musca: yeah, did I show you one stuff or I'll just chat to you?
emily paige: You showed me, like, a little bit, but you said I didn't need it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You don't – it's not like you need it. Like, Calendly will definitely get you by, but it's, like, you might as well get familiar with it and, like, play around with it. Because it does the same – it essentially does the same as Calendly plus a bunch more.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And also good for – you know, I'm just thinking of, like, if you do have a lot of these girls on the waitlist, are you calling them or just texting them?
emily paige: Well, I've gone to a point now where I'm just not texting – I'm posting on my story if they're on the wait list to respond to the story because I have to wait until the 22nd for Clemade to be able to start responding to messages. So I've just been like in the DMs and in my text messages just texting girls. That's been like a big thing as well.
Kyle Musca: Right. Okay. So, yeah, that's the other cool thing about GoHighLevel is like you could download a CSV file, for example. I'll show you. what's happening with Clemade?
emily paige: Why can't she get in there until then? Because she's like really busy. Oh. So it's actually not even her. It's one of her team.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what you can do here, right, is you can come into something like contacts and then let's say you download a CSV file of all your sort of your type form or drop form waitlist applicants. Right. You could upload that straight into here, right? Yeah. And then you'll able to tell. So I won't go through. It's pretty self-explanatory.
emily paige: won't do it right now. be so much easier because I'm literally going and messaging each person individually and then I have to be in a conversation with like 100 plus girls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, well, that's the other thing. So you could, there's two ways you could do it. But yeah, you could, like, they'll all have their phone and their email, which is basically what you need. And then you could tag them, make a SMART list. So you can see this is expired clients as of September 2025. And then you can, like, if you really wanted to just, again, these are all warm. So you probably wouldn't even want to do 100 all at once, but you might do, let's say, 50, right? And then I could tag all 50. And then I could send out a bulk SMS to every single one of them. And it could be like, you know, hey, girl, I saw you joined a wait list X, Y, Z. And then we'd just send all to all 50 at once. And like, again, well, you could do that or Klamet could do it, either one. And then Klamet could just come straight into here, into conversation. And filter by SMS. And yeah, should be able to communicate with everyone through here from an actual SMS, like text number. So this comes from an Australian number and you can get like US numbers and everything like that.
emily paige: That would be so much easier than what I'm doing now. Because I haven't even like bothered to go through the US and UK yet because there's so many Australian ones and then I will have them all on WhatsApp. So I was like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'm sure you probably don't be able to filter by that as well. Because you can like in the context tab, you can like tag them. So for example, once you upload it, like when you upload the clients, it will ask you to tag if you want to add a tag. And then you'll say that like, you know, you'd say like waitlist December 2025, right? And then that's how you filter and make these smile.
emily paige: Like. Yeah, that'd be so much easier because right now, like, the majority of my day is literally just responding to DMs.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah. And then you can set up, did I show you the automations and stuff?
emily paige: No.
Kyle Musca: So, you can do this in Calendly as well. But again, this just keeps it all in one place. So, once they, like, let's say, book in a call, and I've got someone to build this up here for like 20 bucks, it's pretty easy to do. But let's say they're booking on a calendar. These are all the different calendars I've got. Then they straight immediately go into this workflow, so they get a confirmation email. Your call's been booked, they get a confirmation text. Just the confirmation links in your emails. 24 hours beforehand, 24 hours beforehand, SMS, a morning of SMS, two hours before, et cetera, et cetera.
emily paige: So, like, leading right up to the call. Yeah, see, that's exactly what I need because I just message them in the morning and then I message them like an hour before and that's it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then, so again, like we've been kind of planning things on easy mode just because the audience is like a bit of a cult audience. But it's always, it's good to start building, like integrating these sort of, you know, early on just so the process is really refined. And then, because like then it makes it really easy as well. So, what I do, for example, is I'll come into here and every morning I'll do a prequel message and Clemé will also do a prequel, like a night before  message to confirm. So, I'll go into this to show you. So, I grabbed their email because they should have already been conversating on text for the most, like on Instagram DMs for the most part. And this is the easiest way to filter out leaves. If you just search their name. And it gets really clunky because there's a lot of Callums, for example, to message me through. So I get their email, come straight across to here, add it in, refresh the page. And then you'll see Clemé has sent out, hey, just looking through a calendar, can confirm we're good for 4pm, can you please confirm? Yeah, all good. So now, so one, this was done yesterday, last night. And then I'll go through this morning and I'll send him a voice note saying, here's how to get on the call, here's how to, you know, if you have any issues, X, Y, Z. Yeah. So it's just a really good nurturing sequence all the way through to actually getting on a call.
emily paige: Yeah, 100%. That'd make it so much, I like, easier. You wouldn't have many people probably not showing up.
Kyle Musca: If you did this organically, like, because all your calls are organic, like, you should have an extremely high show-up rate from doing this. And again, it's super, super important. Like, this whole booking path, so as soon as from, like, here, Um, this, this whole part after the call's booked, super, super important. Like without it, if you just say like, do you do this by the way?
emily paige: Um, well, Clemé does that, but I don't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, as long as she's doing it. But yeah, I've like, for instance, I've seen people without it where they just book in and it's like, cool, I booked in for 7pm tomorrow, I'll chat to you then. Uh, and I, I had to do that when I had my AI setter in there and my show-up rate went from like 60% down to like 20% instantly. Um, yeah, so it's like super, super, so like that, that whole process. Again, if you're doing, that's a cold audience, if you're doing it to a warm audience, your show-up rate should be like.
emily paige: It should be like 100.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, so, yeah, yeah, because we spoke about getting the coach all sorted first. And then the next step would be like slowly integrating go high level. Um, so I think why you've got a bit of a period over the next sort of two weeks where things are going to be a little bit more, I guess, tame, it might be a good time to start like looking into it. Um, go high level, especially when you like log in initially seems like really daunting and like  overwhelming. Um, but it's like super, like, it's pretty straightforward and you don't need like 99% of the stuff they actually have there. It's just like, as long as you can book a call in and do all that other stuff. And then it's like, if you do want to do, you know, automations or set any of that up, you just hire someone to do it. And it's usually pretty affordable.
emily paige: Well, that's what I need because it's like, I've got all these emails and all these girls, but then it's taking up so much of my time to just like actually respond back to every single one of them. And then in conversation, I'm just like, oh my gosh, it's, it gets a lot, but it'll be a lot easier once Clemay's in there to start responding to all the messages. That'll take so much time off my hands because obviously it's like slow. My response time is like quick and then it gets slow. When I'm on calls and I'm like, oh my gosh. And then, yeah, it's not as good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And, again, having – because we will need to go high level eventually to start doing other plays like lead magnets and stuff like that because then Klamay can just jump straight in there and actually text off a phone. If you don't have someone's Instagram, well, one, you can't – you don't want to ever message someone off Instagram unless they've messaged you.
emily paige: Otherwise, you'll likely end up in their requests and you'll miss a lot of people.
Kyle Musca: So it's, like, much better for that option. And you can call off go high level and everything as well.
emily paige: Yeah, see, I need that. How much is it?
Kyle Musca: Is it, like, obviously it would be I think just for the account, it's, like, 97 USD a month. So it's not anything crazy like that when it's, like, everything all in one because you don't need any of the other emailing softwares and all that. It's just when you, like, get a phone number and you send, like, texts. So they're, like, – It's of a cent per text, but it's like if you're sending out, you know, a couple hundred a day, then it can add up a little bit, but it's nothing, you know, super crazy.
emily paige: Yeah, okay, I definitely will look into that. That I reckon will make such a big difference, especially now with having such a big waitlist, and it keeps growing. Like I'm trying, I just had to take it out of my link because I'm like, I don't want anyone else joining this waitlist that I have to reach out to. So I'd rather it just be through Instagram now, so that when Clemet's on, she can just message them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would, I would keep building it, the waitlist, and then like, it depends. Are you going to take calls and stuff over the next two weeks?
emily paige: Yeah, I want to push it as much as possible, especially now that I've got this new coach on. Like I've managed to give her obviously five girls within the last three days that have like fully joined up, fully done the questionnaire, things like that. Um, but I want to just get a, like, start. Just as soon as possible.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, what I would probably do is I would keep building that waitlist and then you keep messaging, like, reaching out personally to each girl that has joined the waitlist. And then, yeah, as soon as Clemets, ideally, if you can even potentially get GoHa level set up before the 22nd or 23rd when she can get back in there, and then it's like you can just go hard after. Well, that's a tricky period. I probably wouldn't really try and get anyone on before, like, between that period of, like, the 25th to the 2nd, really, because people are going to be so lazy and so not motivated to do anything.
emily paige: A hundred percent. I think that's what I'm noticing now, like, this time of the year it's finally hit where I'm like, okay, it's definitely shifting. People aren't wanting to spend as much money. And then I've just brought this coach on, so I'm like, I want to close all these calls. So, I get, like. Frustrated with it, but I need to actually remind myself that it is Christmas in a couple of days. But it's been good. Like there's still been girls that are happy to pay that $1,500 up front and $100 weekly. Like it's not been completely dead, but definitely slowed down a little.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And unfortunately, that's just the reality. The fact that you even signed up five clients in this last, like the week before Christmas, like I guarantee you, like 99% of other coaches aren't experiencing that.
emily paige: So, yeah, I think I just put like, I've always just want to do better and better and better. So, even that I'm like, nah, needs to be more, you know, but it is, I guess, good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, it's like, I would say your time's probably better utilized over this next, you know, short period, probably just setting that up. And then, then Clamake and just go ham and you should be booked out for like two, three weeks. I would, I would make sure you taper it. Um. Um. Thank So you might even want to start with 20 a day, just like that shorter list to start with, because you don't want to be booking yourself out, you know, two, three weeks in advance. Because realistically, anything longer than three days, you'll start to see a decrease in show-up rate because people forget.
emily paige: Oh my gosh, yeah. I didn't even think of it like that. So there's no point reaching out to everyone. Yeah, that's what I think I've kind of gone wrong, even though it's only been like four days in advance max, but still that's quite a lot. Like ideally, I want to be booking someone in the next day, like maximum.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you want to get them in that mindset as quick as possible. And especially without any sort of automations or workflows or anything set up, then yeah, absolutely. You can set it up in Calendly, but again, I would just take the time to set up, go high level and get that sorted.
emily paige: No, yeah, even I got to the point yesterday where I was trying to just book calls on the spot. I was like, okay, I've got a time available in half an hour, which actually did work. no, no, Thank When I got them on, when like someone missed a call or whatever, then I was like, okay, let me just start messaging people and try to get someone in. And that worked. So obviously, the sooner you can get them on a call, the better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. They've done studies on it. If you did, they did a study on something like a person, I guess the setter or the closer or whatever. If they can reach out to them within 60 seconds of them, you know, opting into whatever it was, then the conversion rate increases by 400%. So, like, speed to lead is super critical from the first point of contact to the time you, you actually close them. The shorter you can make that timeframe, the more likely they will to convert.
emily paige: Oh, my gosh. Yeah, I'm excited for Clemé to get back in there so she can do all of that. That'll be good. That's so interesting. I mean, it makes sense because that's when they're eager, if they're eager enough to... Message or even put their name in, then obviously in that moment they're keen to join.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And, you know, they're just, if you can get someone on like really quickly, one, they're in that buying mindset, but it's a really high level of support if you're getting someone through that entire process, like within a matter of, you hours or days, because that kind of like represents how the coaching is actually going to be. It just feels like a really high quality service. Plus to like, they'll feel kind of special in a way that, you know, because they know that you're in high demand and everything like that. They'll feel special that you've taken the time to actually like chat to them and everything.
emily paige: Yeah, 100%. Like I've even noticed that with all the girls in the calls, they are always really excited and grateful that we actually jumped on a call because then they feel like they know me. So it's good. Like everything's good, but I think now definitely just getting that high level sorted and working on the systems will make a big difference.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, um, I mean, yeah, it sucks that you can't just continue. Pushing sales as much as possible. But it is like the silver lining is that you can sort of take that little bit of a step back while it's going to be quiet anyway and just get like some of the backend systems like sorted and prepped so you can really do a big push in January.
emily paige: Yeah, ideally I want to try to get five more girls on just so that I can have at least Izzy at 10 because I think having her at 10 for like a few weeks will be good to see how she goes. And then if she's obviously good and she's liking it and then I'll start really pushing. But I think 10 to start off with is good. Like I want her to have more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It will also be good like, yeah, if you can get it to 10 and it's like it just stays at 10 for like a week or two, it'll be good because then she'll be able to get like really familiar with the system, really familiar with check-ins, confident doing it. And then like you'll be able to ramp up pretty easily. won't be much of a problem for her. Do you have many calls booked for the remainder of the week?
emily paige: Yeah, so I've got today, I've got. So far, three calls booked in for today, and then I've got only two for tomorrow, but I'm thinking of just like replying to messages this morning now, and then hopefully getting a bit more in. I was even going to post something on my story this morning, because I have some girls' really good transformations that I wanted to post, and then I've got time this morning to just like respond to all the DMs.
Kyle Musca: Honestly, I would, if I was in that situation, I really wanted to get five clients on as soon as possible. I would go through your waitlist and go to the...
emily paige: Most recent?
Kyle Musca: You could go, yeah, it makes sense to go to the most recent more, actually. Go to the most recent, and then I would just give them a call. You actually call them out of the blue, and just do like, hey, Rachel, I was just going through my waitlist, and I saw your name hop up. I've got, you know, I've got five new positions, or I've got like two... Two new positions, add the scarcity, or I've just had a position, or you can just say one, I've just had one position pop up on the team. So I thought I'd just reach out to you, see if that's still something you're keen on doing. Yep, cool. Okay, sweet. I couldn't do it right now, but, you know, do you have some time potentially this afternoon or tomorrow afternoon where we could jump on and like, you know, just run through things to see if it's even going to be a good fit?
emily paige: Yeah, that's a really good idea. You reckon just calling them is better than sending a message?
Kyle Musca: I would call them if they don't answer, then I would just send them a text like, hey, it's Emily, I saw you join the waitlist, I was just giving you a quick call, you free. Because it's easy just to pick up the phone, have a really quick two-minute chat, get them booked in and secure it, then like going back and forth.
emily paige: Back and forth, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like a more, when you want to sort of increase conversions for whatever, it's like add more personalization into it.
emily paige: A hundred percent. Yeah, that's definitely what works. Like even I try to just send voices. I got to the point where I was voice messaging everyone back. And I feel like that within itself definitely helped get girls just to start booking calls because they felt like, oh, it's actually a real person. But the call, yeah, that'll save me so much time if I just call them instead of texting. I don't know why I was going through and texting every single one individually. Should have just called them from the get-go. But that definitely will, that scarcity, I think, works really well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I would say I've just had one position pop up because then, and keep that consistent, obviously, through the sales call, because that will add a lot of scarcity and will kind of overcome the objection, the objection of like, oh, I want to stay to the, wait till the new year.
emily paige: Yeah. 100%. Also what, you know how we were saying that we wanted to do a challenge in like the second week of January. Do you reckon I should start posting something about that like now?
Kyle Musca: We want to do, if we're doing a challenge, we want to do a really strong two week like Like hard push on your stories and your posts and everything like that. I wouldn't post about it. You could post about it now, I guess. Realistically, all you want to post about it now is just teasers and stuff. You know, and like if I did a news challenge, who would be keen or, you know, I'm putting together something. Did I send you through that challenge framework?
emily paige: Yeah, you did.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it kind of says in that, like, just throw teasers up there, throw things in the background. I've got something huge coming in January 2026. Can you guess what it is? Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Just start putting the feelers out there, getting people starting to think about it. And then you do a hard launch. do a really hard push for two weeks. And then that will tie in well if you go high level. Because, again, you can tie that into the message out. like, hey, I've just opened the doors for my New Year's challenge. Because you're on the wait list, you get first access to it.
emily paige: Yeah, okay. That's, yeah, I really like that. That's a good idea. And I think I'll start pushing it maybe even like a little bit after Christmas when people are feeling a bit guilty for eating so much and all that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would start doing the feelers like after Christmas between that period from like Christmas to New Year's. And then like those are the, yeah, I put out feelers. And then like January 1st is like official launch. Cause then you'll get all the people that start to come, you know, feel guilty and want to do something from like, everyone's going to be super hungover. Like December 31st. Wait, is it December?
emily paige: No, wait.
Kyle Musca: January 1st. January 1st. Yeah. That makes sense. But, and then like, as they sober up and they like sort of, you know, feel lazy and feel like , it's like if they're sending your challenge launch, they'll be like, yeah.
emily paige: Yeah, 100%. Okay. I'm keen to do that. I think even Izzy, do you reckon I should organize? I don't know. I don't need to make it.
Kyle Musca: So extra to launch a challenge, do I? Not really.
emily paige: Yeah. It's high level. I don't want it to be like a low ticket.
Kyle Musca: I want it to be a high ticket, like actually just get them on the normal prices of coaching. Yeah. So all you do for that is one, like as long as you're putting up a story about it every single day for the two weeks and just that's super important. You've got to be really, really consistent. And you'll find, especially with challenges, the last like sort of 72, 48, and even like mainly 24 hours is where you're going to see a lot of response. So it's like really important to keep building that urgency, really important to keep pushing it because you'll get sign-ups for that entire two weeks. And then you'll say the doors are full and the entries are cut off on January 12th or whatever. But you'll still be taking calls for it afterwards.
emily paige: Yeah. And even something that I've been doing as well is when I present that two-person coaching system, I'm just charging the same that I do always, except I say to them that for the girls on the wait list, it's still the same price. see you next You get two coaches for the price of one, even though I'm just not upping my prices. Yeah. And I feel like that's worked really well. Like, that's what's been really getting girls joining the last day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's just a method of urgency. Like, if you don't join right now and you think about it, you're going to have to pay more.
emily paige: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, you know, just you could even say, again, it's important to not sound salesy and everything like this, but, like, you can say things like, like, just due to the demand, you know, we're increasing our rates just to really focus on the girls in the team and delivering them the best quality possible because you actually inquired on our 2025 rates. If you're, you know, ready to, you know, take that next step, again, make sure you say it worded properly. I'll actually grant you access to the 2025 rates.
emily paige: Yeah, that's good. Because that doesn't sound salesy at all. Well, it actually just sounds like you get a good deal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you just say it real casually. To avoid anything salesy, just say it real casually. It's either casually or try and give them an out, which you wouldn't really give them an out in that situation because you give outs and objection handling. But for that, it's just like, yeah, look, because you inquired in December 2025, it'd be a little bit unfair for me to increase the rates and then obviously make you pay that. So because you sort of joined that way, I'm happy just to give you the 2025 rates.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay. No, that's, that's even better than what I was saying. And then I can also add in and plus you get two coaches as well now. Because I was so worried about the two coach system. If girls are going to be like, annoyed that they're not just working with me directly, but the way that I presented it and also the way that she's really good. Like you can see that she really wants to learn that Izzy. She actually takes it really seriously, which is good. And she's been sending messages to all those girls that I've given her. So, um, Sending them through voice messages because I said to her, like, try to send voice messages and don't be too professional. Like, you can be yourself. And then, yeah, all those girls seem really happy because I just sent them a message and said, let me know if, you know, she's, you need anything or just keep me updated with how she goes because obviously she's new to the team and all the girls seem to like her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Literally all I say for it is just like, yeah, you'll be working with me and my head coach, Pat. And that's just designed to make sure you're really well supported at all times. And then I just keep moving on. No one ever questions it.
emily paige: Yeah. I guess, like, yeah. After a while, it just becomes second nature and it's normal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then we can look at the onboarding process. Again, like, you're, because you're organic leads and stuff, it's, like, they're already really bought into you. But one thing I really like doing, and I find, so, once you get into colder audiences and stuff like that, you'll run into, like, buyers for more. Where they like sign up and then like later that night or the next morning, they're like, I changed my mind, I want to cancel, give me a refund. And the issue with that is because they just get left alone in their own thoughts. So what I really like doing is like I will, and I would try and get this to set the standard early with Izzy, is once you close them, you make the group chat or whatever you do. However, Izzy gets notified that they're there. And then she immediately gives them a call and it's like a two, three minute call and it basically runs them through the next steps. Like make sure you're booking this onboarding call, communicating this group chat, X, Y, whatever the onboarding process is, it just makes that super clear for them.
emily paige: I definitely need to incorporate that because I actually had one girl who she had cold feet and I know she was just making up an excuse. She goes, oh, I just don't think it's the right time right now. I actually don't, whatever. And she already signed the job form, but I didn't want to be that person because I don't want that reputation. It was just one girl anyways. But. But even that, that could have just been a thing of me not, like, I was responding to her and things like that, but maybe not going out of my way to actually message her and give her a call or whatever afterwards. That could be such a good thing to implement.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, you want your onboarding process. One, Izzy should be doing an onboarding call with every single client.
emily paige: Is she doing that? Yeah. So I just told her, like, as soon as I get the girls on, as soon as they sign the freaking job form and that, she sends them a message. And then she says in that message, let me know if you're free and we can jump on a call and kind of go over everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So for that, like, you might even want to get Izzy, like, to sign up on a free calendar. So it's actually booked into a calendar.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So have I shown you what my coach's onboarding process is like?
emily paige: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, for example, Cool. Something like this. So I used to send this message. So you'd send something like this, but now I'm in Canada. just got my closers to do it. Like, hey, just, hey, hey, girls, just want to introduce you to each other. You know, Izzy and I are going to be working together on your programming nutrition. Feel free to message this group chat if you have any questions and we'll get back to you ASAP. Then things to do. So here's the accountability form, which is that contract. Make sure you watch this video all the way through. Make sure things are super clear so we can start strong. So this is basically just me showing them how to set up WhatsApp and the app and everything like that. So, you know, nothing gets missed. So in the onboarding process, you essentially just want to, like, look at common issues that continuously happen and then just make a video like this, for example. That clears all that up. So a really common issue we were having is people wouldn't add us back as a contact. So when we send a broadcast, Super excited. Don't forget to add us to contacts. Again, reinforcing that. Let's jump on a call tomorrow and we can introduce ourselves and go have any questions you may have. So again, this onboarding call needs to happen within 24 hours at the absolute most. And the only reason it should be further from that is if the client, there's no way they can get on in that time. Okay. Yeah. And then for this, for example, it's just a link. So they can just go straight into booking a call whenever suits them or just message the group chat if none of time suits.
emily paige: Right. So should I tell her to get Calumlee so that she can? Yeah, I would just because it's just a free version. Yeah. Okay. That's what I need to tell her to do like immediately.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then right now, because I'm in Canada, have to send a voice note when I see it just saying, hey. Yeah. But, and then what I'm getting my coach to do is as soon as he sees this group chat. I'm through. He gives the call that I would. So usually Tommy, my closer would sell him. And then I would do that call as soon as I see it. And it's like a two, three minute call. It's not much at all. It's just like, hey, I just want to personally welcome the team and then run them through the next steps. So like usually it'll take us 24 to 48 hours just to get everything back to you. So again, just giving them the information of when they can actually expect to get something in return after they've made this investment. And then like saying, and then I've kind of prefaced like this first program is designed to be, this block is designed to be adjusted. If there's anything, any changes or anything like that you need, just let us know. We'll get it sorted for you. So like, just kind of like saying that really high level of support, it's a hundred percent customizable. Anything you need from us, just let us know. And then, and and then the next part is, I just say, like, make sure you book in that call with Pat, make sure to message the group chat. you have any issues, make sure, you know, communicate with us, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
emily paige: Right. And then with the group chat, cause you. Make a group chat with you, your client, and the coach. Are you, like, active in every single one of the conversations?
Kyle Musca: I do reply if I see it. Like, yeah, absolutely. But I do sort of, like, expect my coaches to do most of the work.
emily paige: And do you find that, like, the clients end up just messaging that coach personally?
Kyle Musca: Yes. After they, like, get into the actual coaching stuff from one more, like, 99% of them will message.
emily paige: Like, as you can see, there's not a crazy amount of group chat messages. Okay, right.
Kyle Musca: So I just sent that to you just so you have a bit of a...
emily paige: Yeah, that's so good.
Kyle Musca: Thank you for that. But, yeah, that's essentially, yeah, the onboarding process.
emily paige: Any questions on any of that? No, I think that what I need to do now is get that high-level and message Izzy to kind of tell her that onboarding... Process. So that when I have my calls today, we can start doing that because a hundred percent, I agree. Like it needs to be quick and they can't have too much time to themselves.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. it's, yeah. For that, it's just like reduce buyer's remorse by just providing heaps of clarity and support within that first 24 hours.
emily paige: Yeah. Cause that's, I already do try to do that in the sense of like sending them voice messages, responding to them as soon as possible, especially when they just join up, like just keep responding to them because I know that that first initial night or day definitely can be the make or break for them to set the standard. So that's been good. But yeah, after that one girl wanted that refund, I was like, okay, this is, this is not happening yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Like you shouldn't experience, again, a lot of these things you shouldn't experience too much with a warm audience. Um, but like, as we expand, as we build and, you know, go down other avenues and stuff, um, it's like, we might as well just. So the process there from the start. So one, it's refined nicely, but also like if you, you know, if we got like three months or six months or a year into this, and then all of a sudden we got easy having to do, you know, these onboarding calls, she might turn around and be like, well, I'm having to do more work. I want to be paid more. Whereas like if we just added at the start, there's no expectation of she's doing more work because that's just the standard.
emily paige: Yeah. Oh, a hundred percent. That's what I'm going to say to her now then to get that sort of sorted. Cause it's not that much for her. doesn't take much out of her day. If anything, it's probably easier to just sort it out from the get go.
Kyle Musca: Well, yeah. Well, it's just a part of her job. Like your, your job is to onboard the client. Your job is to support the client. Um, it's just description.
emily paige: Yeah, exactly. Okay. Well, that's pretty much like, I don't have any questions on that. I'm just like, so keen to just do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So over this next sort of two week period, I would just get those systems. System's refined. Get GoHighLevel set up. Chat to Izzy, make sure the whole onboarding process is sorted. If you have issues with GoHighLevel, just definitely message me because it can definitely be confusing and overwhelming. And then once you've got it up, I'll contact you with, I've got two GoHighLevel people. But like, for instance, their automation should be like 20 USD to set up. So it's like super affordable.
emily paige: And it's just a one-time thing anyways.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. Yeah. So. And then the Australian phone number is pretty easy to get. The US number is a little bit tricky to get because of their laws and regulations. But.
emily paige: Do you need to have a US number to message people?
Kyle Musca: Only if they're in the US.
emily paige: Yeah. And there's quite a few in the US. But.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we won't need to begin with. We'll just. I wouldn't worry about getting the US number to begin with. should be able to filter by Australian numbers anyway. So we might just start with them. see. So. And then go from there.
emily paige: Yeah. Would it even be easier if on that jot form, I'd get people to put in their Instagram handle?
Kyle Musca: I mean, you absolutely could. But, like, again, it's much easier to either call them directly off their phone or just even text their phone.
emily paige: Yeah, because then it goes in the request, that's right. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you have to manually, like, search them and everything like that. And you would have to manually do that because unless someone has access to your actual account, they wouldn't be able to do it.
emily paige: Yeah, because I could start the first text, but then even that is a lot. I think that what I just need to do is get the high level and just sort that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, it's pretty easy. They also, go high level will spam you as well with, like, onboarding stuff.
emily paige: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, like, you might, like, they'll ask you to book in a call and everything like that. So, you may even want to jump on a call with them and then they run you through the system because, like, the number one issue, even I, I'm guilty. When I got it, I looked at it and I was like, holy , this is a lot. And then just didn't touch it for like a few weeks or months.
emily paige: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cause it looks overwhelming. Yeah. But it's like, again, all you really need to do for you right now is just like, um, be able to book people in on the calendar and set up an Australian number. That's literally it.
emily paige: Okay. Well, I'll try to do it now. And then if I have any problems, I'll just send you a message.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing that I did, um, definitely send me a message if you get caught. But the other thing I did, uh, that helped me a lot is like, if I get stuck on anything, just take a screenshot of the entire page and just add it to ChatGPT. Cause like GoHala was really, really known. So it understands how to do everything. You could also, yeah, you could also probably say that with Izzy, uh, and Kahunas and stuff as well. Like tell her to do that as well.
emily paige: Yeah. Well, I mean, I've got that all already there for her in the notion, but if ChatGPT can like figure it out, that'll make it so much easier.
Kyle Musca: I can even try to do it this morning. Yeah, yeah. It's a bit of a goaded hack is you just screenshot the whole page and say, like, what the  do I do?
emily paige: That's what I've been doing with the DMs now. Like, I literally don't even look at the messages. I just screenshot my message, chat GPT, and copy and paste it back. That's, like, my whole screenshots have just been my DMs.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So.
emily paige: Makes it easier. But I'll try to do that this morning. And then if I have any questions, I shouldn't have any questions, though. I think chat GPT will be quite easy to sort it out. But if I do, I'll send you a message anyways. But I'm going to talk to Izzy as well, and we're going to sort that onboarding process out just to get it going today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then, yeah, let me know how you go calling the girls and getting them booked in on calls as well.
emily paige: Yeah, that's fair.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you should easily have to get five extra clients before the end of the year if you do that.
emily paige: Yeah, no, I will. That's my goal for even today and tomorrow to just get five more. And then. Okay. Just keep it like that for the next year, like for the end of the year, and then start going again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, because I think do that short-term, mid-term, like end of year, make sure go however everything's set up. And then like January 1st, we do a hard push for a challenge for like two weeks, potentially even three weeks, because you can do like a, you know, due to really high demand, I had so many girls miss out. I've opened the doors for an extra 24 hours, so two, three weeks. And then they'll carry us all the way through end of Jan, and then we can focus on what's next after that.
emily paige: Yeah, perfect. Okay, I'm keen to get started.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Any questions you have for me before we wrap up?
emily paige: No, that's literally everything. Like we've gone over everything and more, so I'm super keen.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Awesome. All right, while we get to it, if you get stuck, just let me know.
emily paige: Okay, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Thank you so much, Kyle. No worries.
emily paige: Cheers. Enjoy your day. See ya.
Kyle Musca: Bye.


>>> 52/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-17T23:34:09Z | id:109606997
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How you going?
Callum Hinze: Hey, good. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good. How's your day been?
Callum Hinze: Not bad. What do we say it is for you? the afternoon for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like 3 p.m. over here, but I'm like slowly shifting in my days to like just go to bed at like 1 a.m.
Callum Hinze: and waking up at like 9. Yeah, right. Where are you now?
Kyle Musca: I'm in Squamish, so it's like a town in an hour away from Vancouver. What was that, sorry?
Callum Hinze: It's just more out in the of nowhere, like a little country.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like a little country town, then we're kind of like half an hour out into like the rural area of it. So it's like...
Callum Hinze: You saying last time it was not massively...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like I think we probably got here a little bit early for the snow season. Like, yeah, well, they said like this time last year it's been snowing as, so it kind of depends. If you're coming for a snow season, I'd recommend like, yeah, Jan Fairburnekin would be the best time for sure. It's cool to check out. I mean, there's nothing crazy. Like, Vancouver was a very quiet city. It was like clean and quiet, which is weird. But there were a lot of like sort of drug addicts and stuff in some parts.
Callum Hinze: Ordinately, yeah, I thought it would be... I guess that's American.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, like it's, you know, it's definitely cool. I think it's hard to say with the weather and stuff because it's been, like, raining every single day that we've been here and, like, today was a bit of sunshine and everything and then we went for a walk and it was actually really nice. I think if you got it under good weather and you're coming for a snow season, yeah, it'd be sick. Otherwise, I'd probably, like, we're probably going to go to the US after this, go to, like, or something. Oh, I think you cut out there.
Callum Hinze: Can you hear Yeah, it might sound alright on your own.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Are you at that, um, cafe that Chris goes to?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, he showed me the other day and I've been here, like, every day. Yeah, yeah, Did he meet you, you, didn't he?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think he takes over on that. I love it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, it's nice and quiet. Like, I just sort of, behind that middle wall at the back and then there's got a bit of easy and quiet to do your stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Cool, man. All right, well, man, we'll rip right into things.
Callum Hinze: How has this week gone overall? Maybe it'll revisiting. It's doing good this week. I Especially considering my time of year, I'm just enjoying doing the calls again, to be honest, having Jake not take care of me. I think I told you last week, he had like seven, I think seven booked in last week and didn't sign it even. And now we're all just sort of like over-lapped ones that you had either rescheduled at all from the week prior. I've sold at least three quarters of this week, so it just goes to show, it's definitely worth a while we're doing it.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, 100%. And it's funny, like you'll see, I've seen that a few times where they'll get someone be a closer in and it's just like sales will drop massively and then they'll get back into the seat. And then, you know, the sales are just, you know, up where you're at like 75% at the moment close rate. So it's like, that's a clear differentiation. It's really important to do that as well, because it's like, it's the only real way to differentiate whether it's a marketing issue or sales issue.
Callum Hinze: Because I like, yeah, I find it, I find it exciting because it's like, well, it's like. can make such a big difference just by me taking over. I've got a lot more sales in store, especially after Christmas and stuff when everyone's ready to buy again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. It's like being the business owner, man, I didn't think you should ever really get away from sales unless you find a really good closer where you're like absolutely confident in their ability. But even then, like if you have extra calls to take, I would still take extra calls.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And they take, you know, even if it's like you just taking like six to ten calls a week and they take 20 to 30 or something like that. But just so you can still have your finger in that sort of pond just to see, you know, is it league quality? Is the closer capable? Is there anything that I should be aware of, you know, that's not adding up?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. It's been enjoyable. I think I was kind of like, wasn't really surprised this week because I had the expectation that a lot of people wanted to sign up. I think it was Christmas, but it's going to a tree to jump on.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I've kind of found Across the board, man, I think what's probably happening is, like, a lot of coaches are in that mindset where, you know, oh, it's December, nobody's going to sign up or just pull back, and then they, like, just don't do any marketing, they don't do anything. So it's like the overall competition is probably a lot less, you know what I mean? And, you know, people are still, like, people that are serious about doing something, like, you know, that's actually serious about doing something, it wouldn't really matter if you sign up now or you sign up in two weeks from now. Especially if you say, like, I'll just give you the rest of the month free, we'll just add two weeks on the back of the new program. Like, doesn't make sense not to do it.
Callum Hinze: I've still had a few people in the DM say, oh, what, it's up now, touch base again in January, whatever, which makes sense, but there's still people out there. It's more so just, I guess, a lot of existing clients who are due for, like, renewing a 12-week block, whatever, they've paused for a few weeks. I don't want to fork out a few grand into a Christmas over, which is fair enough, as long as we keep them back on in January.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, one, with the guys in the DMs that have said that, I would, like, say to Clemé or whoever, whoever you set us up, hey, can we please just make a note, like, anyone that says this, can you just make a note to reach back out to them in January? You know, because they've already inquired, they've shown interest, you might as well make sure you don't slip through the cracks. Then, in terms of, what's your, like, re-signing process with clients? Do you just wait for their contract to end, or?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, it depends who it is. Like, sometimes, so, they can sort of tell that it's going to re-sign. So, it's simply, not as simply, like, a week or two beforehand, I'll send them a message more so, and they say, hey, this is the progress you've made, good job, this is what we have in store for the next little lot. And then, it's just a matter of being, like, happy to continue on, they are. And then, the ones that aren't quite as dialed in, I'll try and get them for the progress I'm sort of going to be on a week before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, sick. Have I seen you the client roadmap sheet, man?
Callum Hinze: Not an example.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So that's probably something that would be good to look into. So it's just this. And basically, you'd get, is it Liam, to do this with the client on the first week? Usually, I get my coaches do this on the first, like, check-in call within the first week, because there's usually not that much data to really run through. So instead, I just give them this, which is, like, it's basically just a 12-month roadmap. it doesn't matter if they sign up for, you know, three months, six months, whatever the case, you can map out, you know, what their future steps will be. Because that's, it's really important, like, in terms of re-signs, realistically, like, we're selling information, right? And what can happen is if someone comes to you to lose 10 kilos, at the end of the three months, they feel like they have all the confidence and the information to go do it on themselves. So the only way we're going to get them to resign is if we show them there's a next step and there's more information that they need. So it's like we go through this 12-week dieting phase, but then we're going to go into a reverse diet, and that's really important. So a lot of people go into the bulk and just add on a bunch of fatty tissue and completely blow out, undo all the work. So you're, like, giving them that kind of, like, that caution and that reason for them to continue on.
Callum Hinze: My coach has a very similar documentary users, and whenever I see it, I'm always like, ah, , like, it's motivating.
Kyle Musca: He's going to know what it's in.
Callum Hinze: So that's actually really good.
Kyle Musca: So it's really good to, like, plant the seed from day one about the, you know, the next steps. But also, like, what I would do is, especially, you know, your coach or even you as well, because you've still got clients, you should bring this up, like, everything. Every week or every second week, again, if your coach really has it, then you know kind of how to do it. And just kind of glance over it just so you know where they're at. So it's like because if you wait till, you know, week like 10 or 11 or 12, 11 or 12 specifically to try and, you know, re-sign a client out of the blue, odds are pretty low that they're going to bite on it. But if, like, you know that at week 8 that their block's coming up, their, you know, three months is finishing, you know, in four weeks, then it's like I need to really start planting the seed of the next steps from here. So I'd make it really clear to Liam that that's what you want to do as well.
Callum Hinze: It's really important to start planting the next steps to continue on. That's really good.
Kyle Musca: Yes. All right. And then on the left, you've got short-term, medium, and long-term goals. Pretty so much, sorry. So I'll send this to you. And then, yeah, just rebrand that to all your branding stuff, obviously. I like make a copy. And then with this as well, like you'll figure it out. But when you change that, all the dates change.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and every single client that signs up, you just sort of make a copy, and it'll be like John Smith roadmap. So coming back into this, so four calls taken, three closed so far, which is great. Have you still got two more this week, or just had some no-shows?
Callum Hinze: I only had one no-show, I think, and I've had a few more bookings. So I think since I filled that out, I've had another couple bookings. So total, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Oh, no, it's just seven, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I've got three. Yeah, okay. Okay. So, cool, man. You know, if we keep going, we could have a pretty good luck last week. I'll tell you that the next week and stuff, we'll probably experience a bit of a die down. With your challenge, did we say in the chat, like, that the cutoff date is the 23rd or the 20th?
Callum Hinze: 23rd, which is Tuesday. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, what you might even want to go do, man, is this is probably what I'm going to do, is who edited those videos?
Callum Hinze: Actual ad videos or the repurposed ones?
Kyle Musca: The, like, actual ad ones.
Callum Hinze: That was many.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I would go through, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go through, I can tell my editor to go through, and remove any mention of entries closed, you know, December 23rd. Um, because then what we'll do is we'll just turn ads off this next week or so. through. Um, So, And then, because like, again, you just, it's going to be like, no point. And then basically get those current videos swapped out with the new version that doesn't mention that the cutoff date being the 23rd.
Callum Hinze: It's just, we start January 12th, whatever.
Kyle Musca: And then we'll get, I'll just get you to download your active clients and then send me through the CSV file and I'll just upload that. So anyone that signed up, they don't see the videos.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. Sweet. I've got that. I'll send that through to you now.
Kyle Musca: So I got into the last week, just removing the, um, Oh, perfect. Perfect.
Callum Hinze: Cool. And then say, we want to, are we going to switch off ads altogether next week or just for the challenge?
Kyle Musca: Uh, I think switch off ads altogether. Um, just cause like there's really doubt you'll get anyone on during that period. Like from the 25th to the, the first really. It's just going to be a bit of a dead zone.
Callum Hinze: Do you reckon we push it back on the Monday after for people who are off work and just scroll through their phone and stuff, or just wait until New Year's?
Kyle Musca: In what sense?
Callum Hinze: Do you mean, sorry? If we switch the ads off, did you want to switch the ads off just for the week of next week or from next week until New Year's?
Kyle Musca: Probably from next week. What are the actual dates around that?
Callum Hinze: 22nd is Monday, then Monday.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, to the 29th. Oh, yeah. I mean, we can pretty much probably turn them on from the 29th again. Yeah, I got to do that. Yeah, just so, like, one, the ads can start getting out there a bit, and then the messaging conversations will happen. People will be super hungover on that sort of Thursday there. But then, like, from that point onwards, you've got all of Jan until the 12th or whenever we actually launch it.
Callum Hinze: I think from memory, I might have had a few people in past years, like that week between Christmas and New Year's, where they come in and quiet, just because they've got time off work, they're just sitting on the phone, scrolling through stuff, and what and something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Callum Hinze: But next week, just we'll switch off altogether.
Kyle Musca: Well, it is completely up to you. Like, if you've experienced that in the past, then we can. Okay, Amy. Oh, there we go.
Callum Hinze: There's my internet. Let's fix that. How do I?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, like, if you've experienced that in the past, then we can just kind of leave ads running and stuff.
Callum Hinze: I reckon just the one week of Christmas may be off and then restart one week after. So from the 22nd to the 28th, maybe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I mean, we can definitely do that. Absolutely. Yeah, I mean, it is up to you. there's, we could, because, see, what seems to happen is, like, just the fact that, like, everyone seems, like, coaches and stuff seem to get sort of lazy through this time period and expect no one to sign up. So everyone seems to have pulled right back. I think that's why we, the marketing we're doing is actually start to, like, pull through for us quite a fair bit, considering the time. So, I mean, there is, you know, again, we'd never know until we try it. So there is the possibility that, like, no one would run any ads through that period, and therefore that your ads are the only ones that are running, and anyone that's actually serious will see those ads.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I don't have to say, because I'm not really taking any time off, like, taking calls and stuff, really, either, like, Christmas Day and stuff.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, whatever you reckon is best, really. Probably for us. Yeah, okay. Well, I mean, we can try it. Maybe we just pull back, spend a little bit. And then if it works, then it works. In that case, yeah, can you just try and send me through the new videos without the 23rd in a file? And if possible, whether you do this or Mediate does this or whatever, can you name them? Let's see. Did we name the last ones? If you can even, like, just let Mehdi know just for future preferences, if he can always try and, like, name them, just something, even if it's, like, video one, hook one, or something like that, just so it's, like, easy to replace things?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's have a geese here.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, he's part of them just, he's giving them a bottle each.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, perfect. If he's giving them a bottle. As long as he names them, if he can like just name them the same when he swaps it out, that'd be awesome. And then I reckon, yeah, we just get prepped for a big launch. What I really do want to try is I don't think, I really do still want to try the lead magnet stuff, but I reckon it'll be easiest and safest just to run it in conjunction with some direct marketing. So like we'll keep like normal videos, normal graphics just for, you know, one-on-one coaching. And then we'll just start to integrate. Put some lead magnet stuff in there, just try and get that sorted out and then make sure it's all nice and refined. then we might scale both of them or depending on how well it does, if we can even potentially rely 100% on that, then we may even do that.
Callum Hinze: I've got, I'm making some more videos and stuff, just like organic stuff of like meals and like meal prep stuff. So I was thinking alongside that, putting out an actual lead magnet of an actual like recipe sort of thing as well. And then just not, then we got the two to sort of write that with.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How hard is it for you to build like maybe a seven-day sort of meal plan or something for someone?
Callum Hinze: Pretty easy, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, even if you pay like Liam or something to do it, because like, again, with lead magnets, the more value you can get, the better. So it's like, you know, it's okay giving someone a PDF, an e-book or a, you know, generic meal plan. But it's like, if you said in the thing, if you want me to build you. A seven-day custom meal plan, DM me whatever, then obviously you'd get more traction on it. But that works well because you get them into the actual system, and then you just say, let's have a catch-up call at the end of the week or whatever, and then you jump on the call, and that's essentially just a closing call.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Do you have a VA?
Callum Hinze: Nah, feel like you'd get a VA on the top one.
Kyle Musca: That'd be really handy for somewhere, like, for a VA to come in because, like, you could just say, hey, anyone that, like, signs up on this, just go build, like, show them how to do the meal plan, and that's just something that they do, and then it'll be, like, five bucks to do it.
Callum Hinze: Okay. It's pretty simple to do, hey.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. yeah, I would also definitely... Definitely kind of, like, start to look at how do you do your invoicing and stuff. stuff for, like, even for Jake.
Callum Hinze: I just get him to send it through. I do it manually from there.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, so that's something where a VA is super important because, like, what I'll do is I'll get my VA to go through every single one of clothes and, like, the clothes only get paid from what the actual person has paid. So I would absolutely 100% look at getting one of those ASAPs because if you went through Jake's commissions, I could probably almost guarantee what you've paid him and what he's actually earned.
Callum Hinze: It's two different things. Yeah, okay. I'd definitely do that. It's just time you'll see me too, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, that's just the thing. It's, like, anything that's kind of tedious, kind of boring, or just takes a long time, it's just, like, that's their job.
Callum Hinze: What do you normally pay in your VA?
Kyle Musca: I pay my VA, like, five USD an hour. Yeah. It's super affordable. And then, so mine's like for like more of a full operations manager. It depends. If you want to go sort it yourself, like through Upwork or something like that, it's really like, it's not that difficult by any means. Just go to ChatGPT, tell her all the things that you want it to be doing, like data entry, know, invoicing, all that stuff. And then tell her to write your job description and then upload that to Upwork. People will apply and you just interview them yourself. Usually, if you do it that way, you'll get someone between like five to seven UFC typically. If you want to do, if you want someone to source it for you, I've got a child who basically sources those type of people. So what he'll do is he'll go away. He'll sort of pre-qualify everyone to make sure that, you know, whoever you're speaking to and interviewing is like they're highly educated and have previous experience and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And that will also. They do performance reviews and all that stuff with them. You'll have to chat with them. I've got like an affiliate thing where you get better rates through me. I think it's like, it comes out to like $15 Australian dollars or $14 Australian an hour or something like that.
Callum Hinze: Okay, that might be smart.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it just depends on either route you want to go down to, go down. But from the people that I know that I've sent through to Charles, like they seem pretty happy with, pretty happy with his work.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Well, if you could send me his contact, I might just go to you again. I'm a bit more reliable. I've got someone to manage it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. He'll jump on it. I'll send it to you now. He'll jump on a call with you. And then like, again, he'll gather all the qualified people and then you can just interview him to find the best one that works for you.
Callum Hinze: How many hours do you have yours working per week?
Kyle Musca: It depends on like, because I've had mine for a while. Like what will happen is you'll, I just send you a theories thing then. I've had mine for a while. I'll make that as unread, so I don't unread. So I've given her quite a lot of work. Once you've got the VA in as well, like I've got the whole, I've got all the sheets and stuff like that in Notion. So I think I've showed you this before, but once you get a VA, can just send you like literally just this, and then your VA can make duplicates of all the resources and stuff that she needs to do. So it's like CEO dashboard, she does for me every Monday, all the failed payments to make sure that nothing's slipping through the quacks, weekly active clients, like total, and then also for Liam as well, his invoicing, iCloud syncing, which is really good if you're using WhatsApp to contact clients. So Liam's active clients, so they're different. So this is like just total. Yours will be the same. Oh, now you've got your own clients as well. So that would be like yours and Liam's clients, whereas this would just be like Liam's clients. And then monthly tasks as well. It's not a crazy amount of hours, but, like, it's super affordable. Like, I paid a couple hundred months max.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's crazy.
Kyle Musca: She also does all my, like, failed payment follow-ups and everything like that as well.
Callum Hinze: Okay, that's good. That's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, like, if you go into... You know, even just, like, I don't even, like, even just invoicing your coaches, like, I don't know how you're doing that, but, like, for example, this is... I think this is an old sheet, actually. Yeah, this is an old sheet. Like, she'll update all of this. Um, the coach obviously does the check-in thing, but, like, everything else, just to make sure all clients are active, um... All that stuff. And, you know, I can guarantee you, you're not going to spend the time to do all this every week.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, because how are you, like, invoicing Liam at the moment?
Callum Hinze: I sort of just get him. So I've got a sheet that he just tracks all his clients, and then I get him to swim through just what the rates are.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So I would, yeah, I would get on top of all this is, like, just for you, just for invoicing, just because, like, right now you're kind of relying on, you know, people just to send you their own numbers. And it's like, you know, not that Liam or anything like that would do anything to undermine you. But, again, you're leaving yourself open to that massively. And even Jake, like, I would be, I'm still dealing with issues from Jake's poor setup of clients. So I would 100% guarantee that you've probably missed some stuff there. later. later. See You Cool, man. All right. Is there anything specific that you kind of want to cover at all?
Callum Hinze: I don't think so. I don't think so. I'm just keen. Now that I'm taking some goals, I'm keen just to pump it. It shows what we can do after a bit of time off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, 100%. What we'll probably look at doing in the New Year's, as I mentioned, we'll do some direct marketing as usual, and then we'll do some, like, lead magnet stuff. Ideally, the lead magnet stuff, we might even tripwire. So it's like, hey, man, do you want to jump on a quick call, you know, just to help you out, essentially. Like, we'd wet it better, but you're essentially to say, like, to give you advice or, you know, whatever. And then it leads into the actual sales call. Like, it transitions into the sales call. So we may, if we're getting really good volumes of, like, lead magnet inquiries, we may even, like, that's a good opportunity to bring. Closer in there, and they can just take that, and you can take direct marketing calls that are more or higher intent.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool. Okay. Well, that's pretty much the focuses for this. In this next period, though, I would definitely try and get a VA on ASAP. And then I'll get some stuff drawn up for the new year. I mean, we'll just be able to – what I'll do is I'll turn off the, like, normal just marketing stuff and just leave the challenge stuff on over this next period. And then that will give it, like, a little bit of a cooling-off period. So we might – after the challenge date ends, I'll just turn those ones back on, and then we'll get some new stuff in there as well.
Callum Hinze: Beautiful. I'll trust you with that for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Cool, man. Perfect, man. Is there anything else you want to run over at all?
Callum Hinze: Nah, think it's pretty cool. Pretty cool,
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Is that new Frame.io thing, is that the ones without the date mentioned that you sent me?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I think he might have left a folder of the old ones in there as well. So I think it's a folder within a folder, I think.
Kyle Musca: Right, okay.
Callum Hinze: He just sent me that link through, to be honest. Yeah, think within the next-gen challenge folder, I believe that they're all the non-dated ones. think.
Kyle Musca: The next-gen new year?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: 2025.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, not at the bottom, I think.
Kyle Musca: The 2025 next-gen challenge?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: There's only four videos in there. Oh, probably.
Callum Hinze: No, no, no, sorry. Yeah, these are all the ones the other day. He's got the different variants and stuff. So yeah, all the ones in there are non-dated.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, perfect. Awesome, man. All right. Well, I'll get them. We won't swap it out until the 23rd. So I'll make a note of that now, actually. Okay, so that's on the 23rd. And then I'll wait for you to... And I'll sort of retarget that. And then we'll do, so that'll give us a bit of time.
Callum Hinze: The challenge starts Jan 12th? Yes.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So what I'll do is I'll set them, I'll do that next week. And I'll get them prepped and ready for... Yep, perfect. Okay. Okay, perfect. Awesome, All right, well, I'll get all that sorted for you. And then, yeah, we'll go from there.
Callum Hinze: All right, beautiful. Thank you for that. Next week's Christmas dates. I'll be away. Do you want to switch out a full day to another day or something that suits if you're still working that week?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll be working next week. Do you want to have a call next week? Do you feel like there'll be... I guess it will really depend if there's a lot going on.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, we might not even need it really, will we? We'll see how we Maybe we'll just leave it for a week.
Kyle Musca: I'll be working through it. So if there's anything that you want to chat about, by all means, let me know and we'll just jump on a call.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah, cool. All right, yeah, we might not even need it, but yeah, play it right here, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. All right, bro. All right, I'll let you get back to it and I'll chat to you soon.
Callum Hinze: All right, sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Thanks again for that. Cheers, man.
Callum Hinze: Bye. Let's meet you soon.


>>> 53/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-12-18T01:33:05Z | id:109618956
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How's things?
Hattie Boydle: Cool. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good. How you travelling?
Hattie Boydle: All right. It's been a big week, but just getting back into it and trying to keep things moving back up during the summer period. So it's been all right. Kind of got ourselves a little bit back up. I'd still like to do a little bit more, but... Hey, Hattie, is the front door open? Loud. Oh, is that door open? No? It's just that loud? Sorry, this dude's doing gardening outside. So so  worried.
Kyle Musca: You're good. Have you... Where did those client influx come from? Was that just the... Hey, Hattie. Was that just the... 12-month magic hat thing?
Hattie Boydle: About 20 were from that. 10 were a combination of MMF, me getting Millie to do two posts in one week by some miracle. And then just a couple of other stragglers that had kind of been talking back and forth with us, but because we'd been away, we hadn't really been closing. So got them across. it kind of all just added up. So there's quite a few people that we've, like, been speaking to that when they're like, oh, we want to start in January or even February, we're just like, that's fine. But, like, we're not going to take you on in January if you don't sign up today. And then your second payment can come out the day you start. And they're just like, oh, okay. And they pay it. So I was just like, , you can commit now.
Kyle Musca: I'm not following up with you in January. Yeah.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: When do you guys head off?
Hattie Boydle: 26.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. How long have gone for?
Hattie Boydle: To like the fifth.
Kyle Musca: All right. It's not a crazy amount of time.
Hattie Boydle: Okay. I had a call with Charles, I said a dude, yesterday, and he's found some candidates, and I'm going to have another call with him on Monday to try and find one to just like get in the inbox and just keep it moving while we're away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, it'd be good for that. Like you got to travel a fair bit, so you don't want to like have to completely take a step back when you're doing that. And then if you can get sort of out of that seat and you find someone to do that properly, it's going to free you off so much more to do other stuff.
Hattie Boydle: That's what I'm hoping to do.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So, yeah, I guess I've got those graphics. I can run them. I can like get them up and we can target the 30-year-olds that was on my agenda for today. Did you guys still want to do that for this period or do you reckon it's probably... We're getting into that core Christmas period.
Hattie Boydle: Did you get updated photos? Yeah, I sent them through the end when I said, like, we can change the writing. I'm not going to pay some $80 US for us to just change the writing on the, put some writing on the photos. But, like, the podcast is already up. I haven't even promoted it because I thought I was saving it for this, but it's already up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Hattie Boydle: I should get some real, I should put it through Opus and get some reals. So, like, it was the company you did for me. So, I was like, that was it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, that's, the podcast being up, like, that's fine. We weren't trying to sort of keep that from going up. It's more so we just want to, like, we just want to start the conversations for coping or, you know, the set it to just, like, really go ham on the back end and try and get people to convert into actual clients. Like, the ultimate goal is just to start conversations with it.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. I mean, the thing, the thing that we have to be conscious of is, like, also our coaches. conscious conscious of I'm going to want to take some sort of time off around this time. And two of our female coaches are already at capacity. Yeah, we have actually had two of our coaches just say, you pause on board? So they never waited as people that want to start with them. working long weeks through the next two weeks. So, yeah, that's the other thing, I guess. And like even Josh, he's like, like Chelsea said, pause till next week. And Josh said, pause till today. I can give him a few more today. But we don't exactly with like the, and legally, we can't be like, well, no, you'll work overtime during this period. Like they're all contractors. They can get to choose their own hours and workload. So kind of just got to like respect that. So that's the other thing that we didn't really consider that kind of just popped up the other day when we injected 30 clients across one week.
Kyle Musca: What you might want to do with all those things, sort of how they are. Is you might want to duplicate the ManyChat flow just for one specific trigger word, like waitlist or something like that, and then basically just really push on both yours and, or I guess Millie doesn't have ManyChat set up.
Hattie Boydle: I can set it up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially just basically saying we're currently full, we're not taking on anyone else for the year, however you word it. If you want to be the first notified for when we open up new spots in January, DM the word waitlist and I'll add you to the waitlist. And then that way, you know, when you guys are back, when you've got someone in the DMs, it's like you can just go ham on all the people that are interested in starting something in January.
Hattie Boydle: Could do that. Could even have just like, yeah, we've had like a waitlist graphic for Millie and Hattie get the guy in there and it's like we're full for the year. Yeah, Christmas, like this is like we're not bringing on anybody for the next two weeks if you're one of those people who, you know. Going to start in January, we're going to have limited spots, so DM waitlist here, and like the DMs that actually like makes them put through the first payment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could do that. And then the reason I reckon create a new manychat is just like, just tag them when they DM waitlist and tag them with waitlist so that way you can go back and filter, buy that tag, and then just go ham on all those people that have already shown interest. I also find when you do like the waitlist stuff, one, well, obviously it adds the scarcity, like public scarcity, but also it's like less friction. So people that are kind of on the fence, they sort of still take action on it because they're not really committing to anything.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, that's true. I also think like around the waitlist have like comments and things of like being like, this is amazing. So it's like, you're on the wait, like, it's like, oh, we're full, but everyone's talking about how meeting, working with flex has been. And so it's like, it's not just, you know what I'm saying? Not a post, not a story. Not a post, but like on stories, like have like a lead up of like clients, obviously praising flex method or transformations. And it's like, we're currently full, join our wait list. So it's like, do you know what I'm saying? So it's like, you're doing this like lead up of all these transformations and people praising. And then it's like, oh , they're full. Oh my God, there's a wait list. How do I get on that wait list? Because it's just like, there's a wait list. Do you know what I'm saying?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a hundred percent. What we could do there is, do you have like a lot of video testimonials by chance?
Hattie Boydle: We have them, but we haven't edited them. They're not from people who are used to talking to the camera.
Kyle Musca: there's a lot of coming and hiring.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. They would need someone to be, like someone would to go in and edit them. That's not us.
Kyle Musca: I mean, even if you, even if you just like sort of spend the time to go through even written testimonials or anything, basically any form of testimonial. Um, and then what you could do is if someone does message through wait list. We could just do a retarget on anyone that's messaged, know, Hattie's account, for example, in the last seven days, 14 days, and it would just retarget those people with a bunch of social proof in the meantime. Which I think should be set up anyway, regardless.
Hattie Boydle: We have nothing set up like testimony. We are so  with that side of things. I mean, our pin posts have definitely made, like, oh, we get a lot of people commenting already on the pin posts and stuff like that, and I have a testimonials pinned to the top of mine. I don't know what your third pin post is, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's really good to do the retargeting. Because, like, for example, I have retargeting on, like, seven days, so it's like if they're booked in a call and they're waiting, they're constantly just getting video testimonial after video testimonial of how great the program is.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Except if you're DMing them and then just getting constant  flooded with how great Flex is.
Hattie Boydle: Hmm. Yeah, that is true. So how do we, how do you, is that like the, with the Cappy Tracker that we've been using for people that like click in?
Kyle Musca: Is that where you get that data from? No, you can just like, you can just set up a retarget to say that anyone that's messaged Hattie in seven days or 14 days, that account.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Hattie Boydle: Well, maybe I'll send up those, those videos just a minute. Well, Hattie's got them in a folder somewhere so then I'll forget, edit it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you find, because it is like an older demographic and everything, they're not great on camera, a really good strategy is to, you know, spend the time just to get on a quick 10-minute call with him or something like that and try and extract the testimony out of him in like a Zoom call. And then you can do it as in like, it will like literally show Hattie talking to the client as well. So I'll add that sort of personalization.
Hattie Boydle: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, don't have to do a crazy amount of them, but I.
Hattie Boydle: So what's the plan over the next week? The playbook is just the link of the podcast, and then once they opt in for it, it's just like following up with them, being like, did you get anything useful from that? Is that what it is, essentially?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially. It's just like purely designed to start conversations for you just to go, you know, ham on. So it's just like, you know, once they click through, it's like, hey, did you get a chance to check out that podcast, everything like that, you know, and then you just go into conversation as usual.
Hattie Boydle: There might be one for this setter, dude, just however it is that we hire, because I feel like that's a... A very cold lead in terms of like, they're not acquiring coaching, so it's probably going to take a lot of back and forth and coaxing and getting an understanding of where they're at and that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. With those types of things, you just want to kind of draw the intent out of them. Like if they're trying to manage their way through Christmas period, then it's like they've got some intent to take things seriously. But yeah, with that type of stuff, it's definitely a lot less intent than if you put something up in your story about coaching, for sure.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, right now I'm just like, like Millie just gets so many  leads, but unless the story's super specific, like she got 700 inquiries on the last poll that we put up, but she didn't put must be over 18, must be looking to start now. And so there was just like 500 of them that just wanted to talk under 18, and I was just like, , like you've got to be so specific with your call to actions on Millie's. Because... Because... Because... Because... You're going to get a lot, and that's like, you've just got to sit through so much  if they're not like, I'm looking for somebody this age, looking to start on this day, who can afford it, so.
Kyle Musca: Have you done, have you done like a story CTA where it's like DME X word?
Hattie Boydle: No, I mean, could trial it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because that's where like many check qualifications come into it massively, because you just say, you know, goal, struggle. What's your age? What's your working status?
Hattie Boydle: And then you just tag. Yeah, I feel like, I don't know, like a lot of the girls don't respond to the first message until I follow up and they say, sorry, thought it was a bot. Like literally like 80% of them wait for a second message saying, hey, like just checking in. Did you get that message above before they respond? And they always say, sorry, thought it was a bot. So if they got like a bot followed up by a bot, I feel like they just, they wouldn't buy it. They seem to be like really against. just, just, they So I'd have to change it every day and make it super casual.
Kyle Musca: You might even want to just say, like, you know, what I do there is, like, these messages are automated, but I'll jump in personally and get back to you just so we can dive in when I'm online next.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because the message is, like, different and it comes up as a different little square in many chat instead of normal text. But, like, if they're serious, like, that shouldn't be the thing that really stops them.
Hattie Boydle: I mean, once you get a senator, either way won't be too bad or just be a matter of just continuing to feed them leads and then I don't have to worry about how long I can take so long as the person's not exceptionally slow in replying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. If they can handle the volume, then I think you just want to give them the volume and they can just sort of filter through it and, like, extract it.
Hattie Boydle: I thought that he said, he said, if you had a DM said it before, said, yeah. I said, but she couldn't handle the volume. I said, checked in with her after her two-hour shift and she'd replied to 15 people. I was like, we've got like 300 responses to get through here, Clem A, you can't be doing that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think with the amount of volume that you get across those two counts, Charles' one will be better than Clem A's one for sure. The other good thing I like about Charles' one is there's no commission, so it's not like they're just going to like hard sell everyone. It doesn't really matter. Yeah. There's pros and cons to it, but I find setters, like if they're commission-based only, it's just they just go ridiculously hard on a sale and it ruins everything.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. Over-promise sounds deliver, especially if you're familiar with yours.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And they just like, it just ruins your sort of relationship with your audience and followers and stuff as well. It's just like, it's like being the most salesy prick ever. Okay. How often do you sort of film those podcasts, Hattie?
Hattie Boydle: Not often enough. Not often enough, mate. My goal last year or this year was every second week, which I did not do. So my goal next year is at least once a month.
Kyle Musca: Well, I think that's still good because like they, you know, regardless if you get a client out of it, it does still draw a lot of attention to your podcast and that will give them a longer form sort of content piece for them to indulge in. So it might not get an immediate sale, but it would be good for like a longer nurturing sort of cycle.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. mean, the feedback I always get is like, can you do more? But, you know, just, it costs me money every time I do one. It's not like I make any money from it. And then, you know, there's sometimes I'm like, I kind of wish like I just had my own setup in my house. But sometimes there's so many things I want to talk about. And I want to say in that moment, but because they're like, oh, I've got to go hook it in. And then I've got it like, and then I like lose it. And I'm like, don't feel like doing that anymore. So I sometimes I'm like, God, I wish I had my own setup in my house. But, yeah, it's, I do want to book that into just have more consistency over it and I almost need someone managing the whole thing because I just get overwhelmed by the reels and the content and then editing it and all that stuff.
Kyle Musca: I'm just like, yeah, standpoint, I'm like, yeah, one, one thing I'm kind of looking into now and I'm going to try and heavily do it in the new year is get a creative director on board. So essentially they just like do every, like they, they're meant to communicate with you really well to get the idea and everything, but then they go put it all together. So you just sit down and hit record and just pump stuff out. So again, I'm going to see how well I can actually find something to do that because it does.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. I mean, in my, like my YouTube has got 6,000 people on it and I don't do anything with it. And this part of me, it's like, do you like, you've already got 6,000 people, like. And that's an inactive YouTube account. Sometimes we're trying to do something with that. Well, if make enough money, we can just have a video for the followers around.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was about to say.
Hattie Boydle: If we make enough money, maybe we can convince Kareem to retire from construction and follow us around. The thing about Kareem is he comes up with ideas. He's like, I want to film this. I had this idea. I want to film this with you. I'm like, that's what I need because I'm not creative. not like, I don't up and I'm like, let's film us doing this today. Like, with Kareem's like, I want to do this in the gym with this, this, this. I'm like, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It depends, like, what kind of avenue you want to go down with it as well, whether it be, like, a vlog-based style thing or it's, like, an actual educational style thing.
Hattie Boydle: I mean, I'd like to do both, but, you know, it's, like, the thing that it builds is that relationship to the brand of Flex, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, long form is easily the highest converting. If you can get, like, even a small order. So again, ideally, if I can get a creative director, then I'll want to plug them into all this stuff as well. So they can just sort of like, you know, the idea is you just sit down here, record, and just like pump things out consistently. But we'll see, because again, they've got to use intuition to actually get that stuff done. Perfect. Okay. Well, yeah. So just to confirm, you guys still want to get the podcast thing up now just to see how it goes over the next couple of like end of year type thing?
Hattie Boydle: I think they should. Like at least people can like sit on that and be like, again, it's like coming to a person that they trust. They're like, oh my God, this is what makes sense. Because what we talk about in the podcast is like finding someone that is safe enough to say, yes, I trust that I can do this thing. So even just by having that education, they're like, oh, how do you understand the position that I'm in? If I. need to reach out to a coach. Maybe she's the person that I reach out to or flex is the person I reach out to. So I do think like, and if it goes to a cold audience and they don't know who I am and they go to my podcast, they're going to have access to all my podcasts and everything in there. they're like, oh, this person actually has a humanizing experience. Maybe she's just not another. And like when I say she, I'm obviously going to refer to flex. Obviously, Pobin's in the podcast as well in some of them. So I think like even just from like a, maybe even improving our, you know, who comes to us or who looks to us, like, you know, giving them a free resource going, oh, there's a podcast there. If I ever want a training, this person feels, feels like she's trustworthy and they might like find flex and that kind of stuff. So I don't think it's a bad thing. It's definitely something that most people need any, anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Another good idea with that as well is, like, cause you're already filming the podcast. You can upload them to YouTube as well. Um, and, and YouTube's. Really, really good for that type of stuff because YouTube acts as its own internal like retargeting system. I don't know if you guys watch much YouTube, but like you'll watch one person and then your entire feed will just be like all that person's videos and you won't see anyone else's, like in terms of anyone that you don't subscribe to or watch actively. So if you can get someone watching your YouTube videos, it will heavily retarget them.
Hattie Boydle: So upload my whole, the whole thing onto YouTube, the whole 45-minute, 50-minute, 35-minute conversation.
Kyle Musca: Whether that be your one or maybe just like you create a YouTube specifically for that. It just depends, if you, it depends if you're going to do much with your YouTube otherwise.
Hattie Boydle: I mean, I was going to just like upload like all the short, my short form, like the one-minute videos and things that I have in my phone of like piece of content and just got stuck to like get up into shorts.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Hattie Boydle: Just because I've just been trying to upload all the exercises to YouTube anyway for us. So I was like. Like, oh, maybe I'll just, like, start by doing that as well and just keep triple, like, feeding it in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you might as well. You might as well cross-purpose it. And if you're not really posting much on YouTube anyway, you might as well just throw that up there. And then, yeah, YouTube's good in that matter as well because you can usually embed it in things. So it's like, you know, if you want to do a VSL or create a website or whatever with it, you can just grab the link and embed it in the back end. Yeah. Okay, cool. And then, yeah, so we'll test out how that goes just to, you know, see if it gets traction, see if we get a good amount of volume, which I expect we will. And then that will give us sort of a good understanding going into the new year if we want to continue doing that. And then what I think we do as well is just get some more direct stuff in the new year, both in terms of video ads and videos, sorry, graphic ads and videos when you're back from your trip and then just go get back into the direct marketing properly. And then, yeah, I reckon we segment it down into, like, just 10-year demographics. So we might do some video ads for, you know, 30-year-olds because we haven't really touched them in a little while. And then even if we filter between the two age groups just to let them cool down a bit.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Yeah. And then, again, I don't want to make any promises here until I find a creative director. But if we can get, if I can find someone solid, then they should just be able to, like, hand you guys stuff. You just sit down and record.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. So what's, I'm just saying, creative director, like, what sort of a role is that, like, qualified in?
Kyle Musca: It will depend on the person that I find and, like, their specific expertise. Ideally, I want to find someone who's, like, really understands funnels inside and out, like, the VSLs, YouTube videos, and everything like that. And then also short-form direct ads. But essentially, it's like, you know, if I want to create a YouTube video, whether it be fitness, I might do it for like the business stuff a little bit more and start tapping into that side. But if it was for fitness, that would basically kind of do like what James Smith would do. If you go over to James's YouTube, where he has like these videos where he kind of sits down and talks about a topic, they would just map it all out for you. So all you have to do is like, yeah, just sit down, you press record, and you just pump out the volume, and they do all the actual structuring in the back end.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, okay. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because that's like my biggest issue as well. Like, just sitting down and writing, everything is  annoying. If I just could sit down and press record, I'd be able to pump out 10 times more than I could currently do.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. This morning when I was walking, I was like, oh, something that we could do, like maybe in the new year. It's like, I could do a free Zoom. And we get everyone, like obviously we'll do a goal setting for our clients so they don't be left out, but I do like a free Zoom, they have to give us their email to access the link, it'll be live, they can jump on it with me, and I'll take them through the type of goal setting that I do with my clients. And at the end I say, if you, you know, if you'd like some help achieving goals, if you do have spots open, please, and so I can do like a sell on the end. If that's something that we want to think about doing, I'm like, give them a free access to a Zoom and say, this is the type of stuff we do at FlexMeth, or you do them with me, and we do a free Zoom, like you and I, and it's like, this is the type of stuff that we do at FlexMeth, and it gives them an option to experience, like what it's like to have. To be on a call in a group setting, and it's something that we could do. It takes, what, 45 minutes, we'd say it's a 45 minute call. I don't know. Just a thought that I had. I'm happy to do it with my own if you want. But like the thing that I don't want that I'm always cautious about is like that I don't want them to just come to me and then they have it attached to me versus like we want them to be like, hey, this is actually what we do at Flex Method. This is the experience you get. These are the calls that we, the type of calls that we do, you know, so I could just use it as a, because we thought about, and I think we spoke about this in the past of using like some of our previous calls and using that example. But then I'm like, oh, people, safe space, you know, so that doesn't really work. So if it's like a, they can join in in real time. And then we might have to do a, if we choose to do it together, that's probably like a 6am call so that people from the US, people from Australia, people from the Europe can join that call. It's like the only time that like really works for everyone. So we'll have to be a little bit switched on, but that could be, you know, a tool that we can use in the toolbox if we ever need to. We're with you. We're Feel like we need to get a bigger audience.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's like a live webinar funnel. That does work really well as a sell-to-many type thing because then you can, you if you get 1,000 people on that, let's say, you're going to say like sign up now, 100 people sign up, then, you know, happy days there. And then you guys have Go High Level A.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, I mean, technically, we didn't delete it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's where you set up like an email and text SMS thing out afterwards. And you basically just get like an email and text sequence, like up to the five days after that as well to try and encourage them to actually sign on as well. And then realistically, if you want to take it one step further, two different ways you can do it. You could get a phone setter that's a little bit more complicated. If you're already getting a DM setter and it's through Go High Level, you can just get them to message. Like, SMS out through GoHighLevel and just do, like, text as normal, like you would through Instagram.
Hattie Boydle: I  hate that GoHighLevel thing and things. PTSD and that  thing. I love it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Once you, like, get in there and, like, play around with it, you're like, oh, this is actually pretty sick. But it is annoying to figure out, for sure.
Hattie Boydle: Too old with this , Kyle. Are you still in Canada?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Hattie Boydle: How long are there for?
Kyle Musca: Probably until the 3rd of January, think, and then I might go check out, like, Tampa or Austin or something.
Hattie Boydle: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I might try to go to bed at, like, 1 a.m. to wake up at, like, 9 a.m. just to shift the time zones a bit. But, yeah. Yeah, that's definitely something that we could do. Even, like, again, depending on the response, even if you did that, like, that could potentially be something you do, like, once a month. And if you build up the hype around it and everything. Something like that. I think that would really, that would definitely work. It just needs to be done, right?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then on that as well, just in terms of how to collect it, you could either do a landing page or probably simpler to start with, and especially if you're going to message in the DMs, which would go all over out of the equation completely, is you could do it through, like, you want to, again, we put up something. If you want access to this, DM me, whatever, and then you get their name. So you get their email, you get their phone number in the ManyChat automation, and then that automatically adds them to the list or whatever. But then doing it that way would keep it native in Instagram, so you could, like, just keep it, message through Instagram when you want to try and follow them up.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Well, we'll wait till we have spots open anyway for coaches. Yeah. Awesome. All right. Well, what I'll do is I'll, for the show, like, for now, I'll get that, the graphics for the 30-year-olds up to the podcast, and we'll just test the response, and then we can play around with it moving forward.
Hattie Boydle: Awesome. Easy. Thanks, Kyle. Awesome.
Kyle Musca: Cheers, Fath.
Hattie Boydle: Have a good time in Canada.
Kyle Musca: Enjoy, France. See you. Bye.


>>> 54/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-07T04:43:13Z | id:112296738
People: Kyle Musca

jese Smith-shields: Which was actually kind of nice. This meeting is being recorded. Yourself? How was yours?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good, man. Yeah, was good. I started to get, like, a bit bored towards the end and, like,  sick of the snow.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Are you back in Oz now, or?
Kyle Musca: I'm in Thailand.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I was going to spend a little bit more time. Possibly go in the US, but the time zones are just too tricky to match up. Yeah, that's fair. Yeah, I want to get stuck back into things properly. Yeah. Cool, man. All right, we'll rip right in. This session I kind of want to just use to, I guess, more so plan the next couple of months, really. Yeah. Before we do that, though, we'll just recap on how things have been since we started everything back up this year. How many calls have you had this week?
jese Smith-shields: Did Angela do the job form for you?
Kyle Musca: Let me have a gaze. This isn't really bothersome. That out, because there wasn't too much to run over.
jese Smith-shields: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16. We've got 16 since this week. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay, that's not too bad. Okay, let me just look in here. Pull this up. How, where did you get this new closer?
jese Smith-shields: That was from the Seashells.
Kyle Musca: Seashells? Sheashells?
jese Smith-shields: They put her across. This is the one I was telling you about. doesn't have any experience closing, but she actually closed one out of one deals yesterday.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
jese Smith-shields: That's all right. Does she seem naturally good at- Yeah, she can chat. She can talk. I put her in, so we had a meeting with Tommy on Saturday, and he said pretty much straight off the bat, she'll be good. She just needs a little bit of, obviously, confidence around it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. I find that's, you know, it's a little bit of slow of a process, but I find that's, you know, like, for example, Tommy was the same.
jese Smith-shields: didn't really have any previous sales experience, but, like, you know, just by chatting to him, I could see that he was, like, naturally good to it.
Kyle Musca: So if you just get him training, or get her training and everything like that, like, she should fit the role really well. Yeah, yeah, no, she seems pretty good. Yeah, perfect. Again, give her about 10 calls, see how she goes. Otherwise, I know there's also the opportunity for Marcus to take a few calls there as well. I would probably use him, I mean, at the end of the day, you know, it comes down to the close rate and who's performing better and everything like that. But I would ideally, like, if I was in your situation, use, again, see how she goes over the first couple calls. But if she... Showing, you a good close rate and everything like that. I would probably put more eggs in that basket because you want someone who's just in your business full-time, understands your offer in an hour kind of thing. As I said, Marcus's close rate is like good enough. Like it's sitting around 40%, I think, for Bree at the moment. So better than what your other closes are on. But, yeah, so I wouldn't be against you giving him a few extra calls if you've got the flow for it. But, you know, again, if you can get someone in your business who's just fully focused on you, then that's ultimately what you want.
jese Smith-shields: I was thinking the same thing too. The only thing with Ashley, the new closer, is her times are a bit  scarce, if I'm honest. I thought her availability is going to be a lot more than what it was, but it's not actually that much available.
Kyle Musca: What do you mean by that?
jese Smith-shields: She's only available from 8pm to 5pm. It's Monday to Friday.
Kyle Musca: 8am to 5pm?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Did she say why?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, she's got a little kid.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I'm going put the kid in the side.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I said, fair enough. I said, I'm going do what I can within that, but your cause is going to be pretty scarce, but you're limiting yourself. And she's like, well, if I need to change them around, I will. I was like, I don't know why you wouldn't change them around now.
Kyle Musca: yeah. Well, that throws a bit of a spanner in the works. Have a chat with her and just be like, look, people getting off jobs, you know, work. Ideally, I want you to be open from like 2pm to 8pm.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because that's really the golden time. Do you know where, you probably need to ask Karen on this, but do you know, is her audience like 100% mainly Australian or is there any US?
jese Smith-shields: Or anything? Thank Nah, it's mostly Australian. Australian, New Zealand, we've had a random few in, like, Europe, like, UK.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. The only reason I ask that is because, like, 8pm, I'm fairly sure off the top of my head, sorry, 8am in Australia is about 5pm US. So it's like, you could maybe, if she was going to do that, maybe do that. I don't know, it's probably not worth it if Keanu's not got a big presence there. Okay. See how she goes, see if she budges. I've got a few girls that I'm interviewing this week as well.
jese Smith-shields: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. They are, well, they're US, a lot of, oh, yeah, probably more so US. I don't know if that will work either. But we'll see.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, maybe.
Kyle Musca: The, okay, cool. We'll just see how she goes. How many calls has she, she's had one. Does she have many more booked in this week?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, she's got three. if if she's I I you. This afternoon, and then she's booked another six across the week. So pretty much got her first 10 pretty much guaranteed this week to test her out.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, that's good. Okay, cool. So I reckon, as I spoke about the, before we get into that, do you understand what I mean with the editing of the videos?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, I'm doing that. I just started doing that at moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
jese Smith-shields: I'm just going to do the ones that Vaughn edited up for us. I just do one of each script with the hook. So there'd be four videos. Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Are these for the final day ones?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Did he, did Vaughn edit them?
jese Smith-shields: Nah, Vaughn did our first ones.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. Yeah, and then I put in JT's ones that don't have the date in it, but they were like very different from each other. Does that make sense? Or do you just want me to do the same ones that we've been running at the moment?
Kyle Musca: The ones we're running. Without the date, like the professional ones, they're fine. I was talking about the retarget ones where she filmed the selfie star ones.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, okay. Yeah, that makes more sense then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, easily I can do that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I understand why that was confusing. Yeah, yeah. All the other ones are fine. It was just there was three in that file. But I'll get them uploaded anyway. Yeah. And then it's easy just to replace them once the video had been tweaked a bit. Cool. Cool. So, yeah, I reckon what we do is I reckon we run – because the Shield Fit is getting really good engagement actually through it. And that's more of a branded account. So, what I reckon we do is we keep – Kiana's doing like the direct advertising as we're doing. We'll just get some more scripts in there and she can just – like that process is dull. Yeah. So, what I reckon we do on the Shield Fit side of things is then we like try and run a little bit more like lead magnity type deal just to get a little bit more volume through the system. So, So, Again, if we double those up and they both work really well, you should have like  crazy, crazy volume of calls. And then the lead magnet ones will be probably a little bit more of a tripwire one where it's more so, you know, essentially kind of decoy. Like this is X, but then you lead into a sales call and then all of a sudden it's a proposition to actually join coaching. So ideally, like not ideally, but like the reality is the close rates are a little bit lower on them, but you should get a lot more volume through the actual system itself.
jese Smith-shields: I was going to ask your opinion because my lead magnet that I'm thinking about, well, I've already started building out with all the scripts was like a mini class, like the master class, where it's about four to five modules. And then the last module being like a direct VSL, like to saddle, but then having that as like a little bit more of a lower ticket price range. So we didn't have to go into the whole sales process of like the calls, but then using that as a chance. To try and upsell them, if that kind of makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So there's different... It depends on how you want to go about this.
jese Smith-shields: What is the low-ticket price start? I was looking at doing it as like our lifestyle package. So that would be like the fortnightly, less accountability, less sort of package. That one comes at $98 per week anyway. And that's what we're offering coaching previous, pretty much on Kiana's package before the paid in full. And we're having a lot of traction through that just because it was a little bit more affordable with like the lead magnets and the leads that we get personally.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: That kind of makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, and essentially you just want to take out the closing call.
jese Smith-shields: Just take out the closing call, take out the DM set up, take out that, but have that pretty much set as this is going to be like a one-time offer I don't offer. This much because you're through the whole masterclass, you're obviously wanting to make that change, and this is the offer that you get sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, you could do that.
jese Smith-shields: But then just use that as like a reoccurring sort of revenue.
Kyle Musca: If you could get it to work, it's not a bad model to do because like $98 is still going to like, if cut out commissions or closes and stuff, you'd still do well. If you can get it to work, then fantastic. The way I would probably go about this is it depends how complicated you wanted to get it, complex you wanted to get it. So with that, we'd have to build out like landing pages and everything like that, which is fine. What I would... Probably do there. And again, it depends on how much volume we get through this. I'd probably, honestly, what I would do is if we're going to go down that route, I would do this as like a, do the masterclass series. And then have you filmed it at all?
jese Smith-shields: No, she's going to get filmed tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So I reckon we start off with doing the masterclass series. And then you'll probably, you'll have to get ClickFunnels for this one, just because we want to use conditional logic. And then anyone that basically, same as the settings, it's, it's, you know,  first name, last name, email, phone, and then occupation, like working full-time, the qualifying question, essentially. And then I would, I would start with the qualified ones, a book, you can allow them to book in a free call, like a free, and this is where the tripwire comes into it. Like, we'd love to offer you a free, you know, 15, 20 minutes sort of consultation to help you girls out. You know, feel free. Read book in your call down below, something like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That will take the setters out of it, which will make it a little bit more, you know, streamlined process for you. And I would start with that, again, just to test the volume and just to test conversions and everything like that. And then once we get it refined where we do have enough volume going through it, then we may look at split testing where some people continue go to the book call if it's working. Well, there's no need to, you know, change things there. But then some people go to the $98 package.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. You know, that makes sense. Yeah. That makes sense. I can see how that would work as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then it would just be a matter of, like, seeing one, you know, how many calls are we getting booked versus how many sign-ups are we getting? What is the conversion to call, like, booking ratio? Yeah. Because it's like you're getting, you know, let's say 10% of people signing up for the $98 or whatever. 10 10 $98. Thank That's just off the top of my head. If you're getting, you know, 40% booking on a call, it's like, well, you're probably getting more volume through the call. And then you'd have to just weigh up to 30%. Let's say it's a close rate of 30%.
jese Smith-shields: And what is your overall profit margins and everything at the end of that? Yeah. It would be technical just building out those landing pages, I guess. But that's sweet. Yeah, that should be pretty easy to do, I guess.
Kyle Musca: But what I would do, what I would do here is the cool thing about running that style of thing is you get their contact information. So one, I would start doing like building it out and go high level where maybe you send like an email out a day or something like that. For that, I would just build a chat GPT project type thing. You just  put something in there every day, tweak it, whatever. A couple of times a week. Again, I would always, the CTA on that, would say book a call. This is also where conditional logic will be really important because it's like you don't want to be sending people that aren't qualified. If the option to book in a call, so it's like you would tag them to say they're working full-time, those are the people that get the emails to book in a call.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So just to follow up on that, and then what's cool about that, again, this is getting not complicated, but this is just the reality of the build-out, is if they, let's say, they signed up to the masterclass, then what you would probably do is just, they would go straight into an email sequence, so let's say there's five videos, where every single day, drip-feeds them a new video through the series.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like they don't have to watch it all there and then.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, I was thinking of doing it almost like, yeah, almost on the same landing page, but every masterclass gave, like, a free resource that was directed back to that sort of masterclass video, but I was almost going down the route of wanting them to binge-watch all the videos, so they'll only be, like, two to three minutes long, and then probably... Probably trying to use like that as like trying to get them to emotionally buy them and their inner situation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I find doing that type of stuff, it can work really well if you've got like a really good cult audience. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Because the idea, because I got a puppy and I bought this guy's dog training, but it was like a similar process, but how he did it was like so well done. And I pretty much just paid for it on the spot. And I still haven't even like really looked at the modules.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, so one that's, he gave that away for free.
jese Smith-shields: It was a free email opt-in. So then you got a small module class of like everything that he needs within a puppy. Then he was pretty much a VSL to his bigger purchase, which was  40 different modules of video training of how to train a dog.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's just enough. So, yeah, so that works because when you get people, I do like this sort of funnel simply because like you're able to capture like a large audience that's in that information gathering stage. So whether they, you know, whether they binge consume the content there and then, and then, you know, book a call or buy straight away, or at the very least, they go into like a slower nurture sequence, which why the email automations and everything is so important there. But it also triggers the rule of reciprocity. So it's like if you actually give something of value away, then they feel obligated to give you away. So when you do, like for him, when he offered that upsell, it's like you kind of feel in a way obligated because he's already given you so much value. So it definitely works, but I would just like to keep things nice and simple and maximize like the conversion ratio. So this comes down to like a value ladder, essentially where it's. It's like you come in on a free thing and then you pay for something small and you pay for something bigger and bigger until you're on a high ticket, right? It's a slow sales cycle. I think the simplest thing to start with though is give away the free resource, look at opting in for a booked call, and then testing different things off that, like branching from there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that makes sense. Just because that way you can still go into the high ticket. The other cool thing that I was going to say on that as well before is especially if you're getting setters on board and like with the call volume you get, you'll probably need, you'll definitely need more than like one good closer, sorry. So what I would do is like a little bit more of a, and again, it really depends on the volume because you might even get someone there in here full time for this position. But if you're getting a ton of people through, then it's a good idea to like get an actual, you know, phone setter on the go and they can actually like reach out and start calling people and be like, hey, like I saw you watch Keanu. a but some There's, you know, masterclass on how to lose weight. And then they basically go into the actual setting call, which is a triage call to make sure that they call, basically what the DM says, do put on the phone call. They book them on an actual, you know.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I've been testing that out because we've been getting a stupid amount of coaching forms still through, but I've pretty much turned off the calendar setting so they can't book in a call from that. And I've been trying to triage call them pretty much straight after the form goes in. So I've just been doing that myself. And even with that, it's still very low. Very low.
Kyle Musca: As in?
jese Smith-shields: Like nearly, I'd say 80%, I'll book them into a call so they seem like they're great, great lead, working full-time, wanting to start, and then they cancel before that call.
Kyle Musca: Okay. But you are actually able to get them on the phone initially?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. How soon are you booking them out?
jese Smith-shields: Mostly. As soon as they get the form in, I'm calling them within like maybe five to 10 minutes, and then I'm trying to book them as soon as possible.
Kyle Musca: Okay. One thing, how, like on average, would you say, like how soon is as soon as possible?
jese Smith-shields: Some within a couple hours.
Kyle Musca: Some within, yeah, I don't like booking anything further than three days out. Okay. And they go into the same automations and everything like that?
jese Smith-shields: still get the reminders and everything? Same automation, same everything. I think they're, it almost feels like they're just doing the coaching form to see the pricing. And then once they don't get given that, they're like, nah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. A good question I would ask there is just that, like, will you 100% be able to make that time question? So it's like when you book them in and just back. And then, like, I think like, Yeah, Claire, just to confirm, you know, we do a bit of, you know, prep leading up to the call just to make sure that you get the most value out of it possible. And, you know, we also block out that whole hour out just for you. We 100% be able to make tomorrow at 3 p.m. just because it can waste that time and someone books in a call and just like cancels last minute or just doesn't show.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. So put a bit more pressure back on time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would like just read, like get them to actually say, because if they say it on the phone to like, yes, I'll be able to 100% make it. Like it's unlikely that they'll come back and like try and cancel.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I can do that. And then that's a tricky thing because like it's not native to Instagram. But like what I would probably do there is like still same concept. I would still get like Clemé to kind of go through and I would book them on a different calendar.
jese Smith-shields: Are you booking them on a different calendar? No, I'm just booking them straight through through on town normal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'd book them on a different calendar. Everything else is like literally the same, same automation, everything like that, but just so you can differentiate the two calendars. And then what I would get Klamay to do is still send that day-before message of like, hey, Claire, I just want to confirm you're still good for tomorrow at 3 p.m.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I can do that. Because realistically, like if they're organic leads that have come through that applied for counter directly, they should be the easiest to get to shop. Like they should be at least like 80%.
jese Smith-shields: You'd think that, but it hasn't been that way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What are you saying on these triage calls as well?
jese Smith-shields: Pretty much just like a friendly chat. It's pretty much exact same process through the DMs, just on the phone. Where are you based? What are you doing for work? What's your goals? What's your timeline? Are you ready to sort of take this step for yourself? And then we just pretty much say, obviously, right now is not the right time to chat about this. It's one point to chat. And then. I book them into the calendar.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So when you're doing the triage calls and stuff like that, you want to make sure you're like as low pressure as possible. Because if they feel like, you know, it's beginning to become a high pressure situation, that will tank the shop. So, you know, what I would probably sit down and do is, one, I would never ask, and I don't know the sequence of which you do, but I would always ask like goal and struggle before you ask for a situation. And I would try and, I would try and use like the way I always ask the work situation one is trying to like understand their, I guess, daily activity and stress levels a bit more. Because if you say like, you know, basically, what do you do for work in a sense of, and they start to hint at it, it's like, I'm trying to see how much money you make type thing. Then one, again, it starts to feel a bit pricey, you know what mean? Like, you know, they'd want to see if I have a good job to be able to afford something expensive. And two, it also does lead. Into the conversation of, you how much does it cost? And you want to avoid that at all costs. So what I would say is, you know, goal, struggle, and then exactly how it is in the script. Like, what do you do for work, by the way? Like, do you find it, like, highly stressful? Are very active? Anything like that? So you just kind of, like, work it in that way just so that it seems like you're asking from, like, a coaching perspective rather than a qualification perspective. And then be like, okay, well, it sounds like, you know, you're pretty, you know, serious about, you know, making a change, which is fantastic at the end of the day. You know, we don't just sort of, like, take on anyone. We need to make sure it's a good fit for, you know, both ways. Look, I couldn't do it right now, but how about we sort of line up a call over the next day or so just to see, you know, what's actually going to be involved for you and just to see if it's even going to be a good fit in the first place. Does that sound good? Yeah. So I just come from that angle of, like, I don't even know if it's going to work.
jese Smith-shields: Let's just have a chat to see. Yeah, I can probably reword that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like in everything with the sales process, you just always want to like minimize any kind of, I guess, commitment terminology. You know what mean?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And even like asking like, you, you know, serious about, even just that off the top of head, are you serious about like investing in a coach, for example? I would avoid that terminology completely because if they say yes, like even if they are serious, they wouldn't be on the phone if they kind of weren't. I mean, there are some  idiots that do that, but most normal saint people wouldn't be on, do that if they weren't serious. So, but when they say yes to that, it feels like, like an obligation. Like it feels like they're locking themselves into something where they can't take steps back.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I understand.
Kyle Musca: It makes sense. Yeah. And then the result of it is, I just won't show up to the call. Yeah. Cool, man. Okay, perfect. So, basically from here, what I. What we'll do is we'll finish this challenge off strong in terms of the intakes. And then we've still got Keanu's old videos and graphics and everything like that. So I reckon I'll just turn them back on. They were performing well. We'll see how they go. And then in the meantime, we'll probably also get some new scripts done up. What I'm going to probably do for myself, and it will make sense to a few of guys as well, is sort of play on the fact of like, because by the time we get these videos edited and everything like that, it'll be the end of Jan, Feb. So play on the fact of like most people fail the New Year's resolution. You know, it's easy catching up and going down the route. So I'll write all them. And then we'll that, like we'll get Keanu's stuff dialed in because we know that's, you know, a good avenue, good revenue stream. And then when we've got the breathing room, that's when I reckon we focus on putting a bit more through the Shields fit account. Yeah. And getting that sorted.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. Well, the Shields Fit page is quite busy at the moment, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Quite busy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would keep, I would probably, yeah, I would keep triaging, like the triage calls, just because if we go into lead magnets and stuff like that, it would be a good idea to bring a phone setter on, and you want that process, like, dialed in yourself, like you want to understand it for yourself. But, otherwise, you could always, like, yeah, the good news is you're front and centered with it, because for me, for example, I can pretty, like, Mike, Tommy's pretty busy with, like, actual sales calls that he's not doing the outreach to those organic leads, which should be a bread or butter. So, if it was, like, a scenario like that, I would say just probably get Clemé in there to do text over GoHighLevel, which may, again, these are all things we'll have to map out. You know, maybe it is better to get Clemé. Thank you. Thank Keep it nice and simple. Do the same process she's doing now to anyone that does opt into a form. You know, let's say we come through a masterclass, maybe messages them out personally and actually has that chance.
jese Smith-shields: Well, everyone that I haven't triaged calls, pretty much instantly, I message them straight through Kiana's account and then Kamei pretty much takes over that conversation anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah. So, again, there's so many like little factors to this because like that, for example, what's the response rate on that? Do you know?
jese Smith-shields: Like roughly? It's pretty high, but probably not as high as that you'd expect. Simply like with them doing a form, you'd think that they're pretty warm, but we get ghosted on those way too often.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would say there is probably like the issue with that is that when you message them through... Um, it, it will go to their requests, um, which is an issue. Like they don't, they don't see it. Right. Um, and like if days pass and they just leave it, it doesn't go well. So it might even be better to just text over GoHalo because then it will actually come through as an actual proper text.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah. How many, how many organic leads are you getting at the moment?
jese Smith-shields: Like a week? nearly, uh, nearly six to about nine coaching forms a day at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
jese Smith-shields: . Yeah. was a fair bit.
Kyle Musca: It was sometimes seven, like 35, um, 35 to 40. Okay. How many calls are you actually getting booked in a week off organics?
jese Smith-shields: Not, not too many.
Kyle Musca: Not too many. So that's, that's something I would like, um, that's something I would really, really try and. Look into, because again, like your organics, they should be the warmest, they should be the easiest to convert, they should be the easiest to get on the phone. So something about that process just isn't right. And if you're calling him, like, I would say it's probably what's the pickup rate on the actual triage call, like when you call them after they fill in the form?
jese Smith-shields: I wouldn't know the exact start, but it is pretty high, say probably around 80%.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's really good. Okay, from everything you've told me, I would probably say it's just the wording and the terminology used on that triage call. Yeah. Yeah, because again, that should be, that should be like, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: But I do think that some of them are coming in, they're seeing Kiana's ad, not opting in through that sort of process, but then going to her link in the bio. And going through that process, because a lot of them, a lot of them still come from her page, but they don't follow SHIELDS.
Kyle Musca: Is the application on SHIELDS or is it on?
jese Smith-shields: It's on both. So it's across three profiles.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, yeah, even with that, I would separate them. So, like, with all that type of stuff, with calendars, application forms, any kind of, like, avenue people can come through. Always, like, everything can be exactly the same about them, but just make sure they're separated so you can identify where the lead flow is coming from. Yeah. So that's also what I 100% look at doing.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. Yeah, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then, how are you sort of managing them in your pipeline?
jese Smith-shields: just sort of, like... They go into an email, they go into an email flow that everyone gets... Yes, but I did want to try and find someone that can manage and build out a pipeline flow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, my GoHall level guy, it's not very exciting, it's like $150 or something. But for example, and we'll need to do this if you want to do any kind of like website pipeline stuff as well. But it's also really good, like it's just neat for the setter. So for example, this is like my organic pipeline. So I have, again, an organic lead and a referral lead form. They're both pretty much exactly the same. When they come in here, if they don't take any action of it, then they just go straight into the organic lead. And then I created these yesterday for Tommy. So Let's say you have a setter or you unable to call, you'd manually move them from call one, call two, call three. If they self-book in, then they automatically go through here. So this is an automation through Zapier. You don't need to touch anything if they self-book in, whether it be referral or organic. And they're obviously not interested. And then manual book calls, like tell me where to book in a call, then you move it over here so you can identify. But the cool thing about like these kind of, I guess, pipelines is you, it gives your setters, it gives your closers an opportunity to get higher comms, right? So for Tommy, for example, I basically give him an extra 5% if he, if it's the self-book, I don't like, he didn't do anything, so he doesn't get anything more. But like, for example, if he would come in organic leads, then he would have self-hooked some of these. Then it's like he can get an extra 5% commission on top of it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Depends on. One lead flow, though, because if you're, you know, if we're pumping, and these are direct coaching applications, but if we're pumping something that's, you know, like a mastermind or an opt-in or whatever, like whatever kind of lead magnet we do, and you're getting a ton of volume off it, I wouldn't, I would say get like a designated phone setter to do it if you've got the work for them, because realistically, if your closes are packed, they're not going to prioritize this as much. And that's my issue with Tommy at the moment. So what I'm probably going to do is just get Clay in there just to message him out and get them booked in on calls ASAP.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, I'll probably do a similar process.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, and then I was speaking to my automation guy about this yesterday. This isn't another thing that we could probably look at doing for you as well. I want to test it properly first, but basically doing like a small, like low ticket option. suck. Or deny So, for example, mine will be like a $27 month-long program, right?
jese Smith-shields: It's just one month.
Kyle Musca: And it's evergreen, it continues on. Have we spoken about this before?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, roughly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, this seems to be, like, one of the main funnels that, like, all the big marketers use simply because, again, if you can just get, if you can cover your ad spend on that, then it's like you can spend a million dollars a month.
jese Smith-shields: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then it's just a pure volume game. So, it just depends on what you want to actually do for that. I find, I would say with something like a low-ticket thing, and it has to be, it can't be, like, a masterclass or, like, because everyone gives away information for free. has to be, like, an actual, you you're doing something for them.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. You could do something like follow Kiana's exact training plan or... Exact diet plan or something like that, almost.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: For $27.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it could be something as simple as that. It just comes down to wording at the end of the day. You know, yeah, you could say like for $27, my exact training plan, you know, meal plan options,  my entire guide on playbook on how to lose, yeah, maybe a playbook on how to lose your first five kilos.
jese Smith-shields: Or something like that. Yeah. Yeah, I get where you're going at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. And I think we've spoken about this before, but like you could potentially maybe get your VA or something like that, train them how to give someone like a simple base level program. So when they sign up, like if you get 10 signups a day, the operations manager just goes and sets them all up.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. No, I should be able to do that pretty easily.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, like I've kind of built out the framework and everything like that. Ideally, I want it so it's like they sign up, end of the first week, it's a check-in call, right? Which adds value to it, but really that's just the first closing opportunity. I'll probably add about like 10% or so to that one. So it's like if you're going to charge, let's say, $2,000, you might charge $2,200, maybe $2,500 or something like that. So that way when you have your second check-in call at the end of week three, it's like, okay, if you sign up right now, you get this right or something like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, it makes sense.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, again, we'll see. I'm not going to say let's build all that out before we get that done. I think, yeah, ideally we want to stick to what works. We want to make sure that you're getting plenty of leads coming through the door. And then once we've got some breathing room, we just like test out some other stuff through specifically ShieldsFit.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Any questions on that?
jese Smith-shields: Thank Thank Thank Thank Nah, it's obviously a lot, but we'll probably just get to that process and then figure it out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it is a lot, but it's sort of like a multi-month plan. Like this month we'll focus on finishing the challenge properly, getting direct marketing stuff in there, you know, February. That'll take us through March, ideally probably around March, April is when we want to start looking at actually implementing, ideally sooner. But like, if we just stick to sort of like one thing at a time, which is executing properly, that should be fine. And we shouldn't feel too overwhelmed doing it.
jese Smith-shields: No, that's sweet.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. What was the other thing I was going to speak about? Slip on that. Any questions on any of that stuff at all?
jese Smith-shields: Nah, it's all pretty good. It's all pretty good. I'll edit those videos and I'll get them sent across to you. Alright, and then, yeah, I think that's about it for now. Do you have anyone that's... It's good within GoHighLevel to build out those funnels.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So are you talking about the organic one I showed you?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, like the pipelines.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've got... Let me grab his... So this guy does like Zapier. He's good because he does Zapier and GoHighLevel. So... And usually he needs Zapier when you're doing GoHighLevel automation. he's kind of like both in one side of send you his contact. Just say I sent you. And then basically just say you want exactly the same as my organic one. And then... Yeah, if you have any questions on it, just let me know. It should be fine.
jese Smith-shields: It should be sweet.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Cool, Cool, Cool, Oh, there was one other thing I was going to say to you, but I can't remember the other one, but I'll probably text you. Anything else you want to cover at all, man?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm pretty sweet, eh? I'm pretty sweet.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Cool, bro. All right, cool. Well, we'll get all that done. Oh, that was the thing as well. How you... I reckon it's probably worth, man, like, looking at bringing out an even higher ticket package. Um, for you. Um, we've kind of spoken about this in the past, but just like, like a little bit of a mastermind or something like that, just to sort of capture that top 20% of people that are willing to spend a lot more than, than others. Um, completely up to you, but I thought I'd just run that by you, see if you're something you want to look at.
jese Smith-shields: We had it, we had it previously before the Bali challenge, and we're almost using that as like an anchor, like a price anchor, which... It to work pretty well, but then within us bringing the Bali Challenge, I was just trying to put soul focus into that and trying to push them towards that. But yeah, like once the Bali Challenge is done, we'll probably bring that back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. When do you think of doing the Bali Challenge? Is it the end of the challenge?
jese Smith-shields: Probably March, April, you will do the retreat or is it a bit after? Yeah, like end of March.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, okay. Because what I was going to say, again, you could go down the route of just adding more quality, more like actual fulfillment and service into it, which works great. Otherwise, man, like to be honest, you could just, you know, jack up the prices and do it as a bit of a Bali retreat. And you wouldn't necessarily, I mean, depending on how much you increase the rates, you wouldn't necessarily like profit massively more, which is the downside to that. If you've... Include it. But at the same time, like if you can get like, say you do a Bali retreat every six months or something like that, and you can get like 20 people in every single time, and you can like mark it around that heavily, like that idea. It's like a unique idea.
jese Smith-shields: People want to be a part of it type of thing. Yeah. Yeah. I was thinking of a similar process, but I was just dipping my toes into this one first, testing that out, trialing it out, because my mom's actually building a villa in Bali at the moment. So, yeah. So, it kind of actually worked out pretty well if it does work out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I think the challenge would be good as well, just to sort of like map out how the retreat actually goes down and everything like that, and like how difficult it is with all the moving parts. Yeah. But I think like if it works well, then, you know, it's probably something that you may even want to include as like an actual. It would be really good to mark it around that as well. You know what mean? So, like, you know, not only will I help you lose  eight to 10 kilos, you'll also, you know, will. And be going to Bali with a group of like-minded women enjoying your holiday, XYZ, whatever.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, no, that's a very similar process to what I was thinking.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Cool, man. All we're all in good time. Yeah, I just wanted to kind of use this session to sort of map out what a bit of a game plan will look like over the next couple of months. And then, yeah, just execute on it, really.
jese Smith-shields: Easy, easy. Awesome, Perfect, man.
Kyle Musca: All right, well, I'll let you get back to it. If you have any questions on it, let me know. Otherwise, yeah, we'll just keep chipping away as usual and make this year  huge for you.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, massively. Cheers, bro. I appreciate it. Always, man. All right, enjoy your day. Cheers, you too. See ya.


>>> 55/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-07T06:33:41Z | id:112304278
People: Kyle Musca

Callum Hinze: Yeah, good. This meeting is being recorded. It's been pretty all right, eh? In terms of, like, I wouldn't say they were busy weeks, but definitely more sales than I expected on, like, the Christmas period.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect.
Callum Hinze: I don't know what's happened today, but, like, I had a lot of calls booked in legit within the last, like, five, six hours, which has been nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was playing around with your ads yesterday. As I mentioned to it was, like, a little bit hard because the data was skewed, but, like, so we fixed it on Saturday. So, realistically, I've just been going off the data since about Sunday, and there was, like, it was starting to double down on some of the ads that weren't pulling through a good cost per lead, but, luckily, we fixed that, and I could start to see that, and I turned them off. So, I'd say it's probably happened there as it's just funneled more ad spend to the actual performing ones with a good cost per lead.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah, sweet. Well, the last, like, day's been bad. Like, I've had, like, what, four or so book in just in the last, like, few hours, which is cool.
Kyle Musca: yeah, perfect. Cool. So that's eight in total this week?
Callum Hinze: This week we've had one, two, three, four, five, one, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, including tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Okay, sick. And we've still got plenty of time. Okay, fantastic. Awesome. Okay, and that's all for the challenge. How do you go on your call?
Callum Hinze: How many have you taken so far this week? I think four.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How many have you closed?
Callum Hinze: I think 50-50.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so two clients so far.
Callum Hinze: Still good. One to follow up, and then I've got one straight after this as well.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Nice. So that's coming together nicely. Cool, man. So yeah, this session I really wanted to just use to sort of like map out the next sort of couple of months and make sure we're dialed in on that process. As I mentioned to you, you. Thank Thank The other day, ideally what I want to do, so we've still got those video ads that we were sort of using before the challenge. I'll turn them back on in the graphics and everything like that. So that should give us a little bit of leeway. don't want to leave it too much and rely on them. And then basically after that, I'll get some more ad scripts done up and we'll make sure we've got the direct response stuff dialed in just because we know that that will bring in a good amount of good quality leads with the highest intent. And then what I reckon we do on that is like straight after, we really focus on getting the lead magnet stuff done properly just because it's always been kind of like something we want to do, but we haven't really, I guess, prioritized it. I want to get everything sorted and then actually prioritize it because if we can do that, again, it should just get like a lot more like volume through the actual system itself. And then as long as we're getting the volume, that's when I reckon it's a good idea. you. They bring on like a closer just to handle them and you just keep direct. So it's like any of those calls are basically just excess that you wouldn't have gotten anyway.
Callum Hinze: So the closer would doing just the lead magnet ones?
Kyle Musca: I mean, it depends on like call volume. Like if you're getting like 30 calls a week from direct, it's like you're not going to be able to take all them. So it's like you may even, you know, he might have some direct or they might have some direct and then some indirect. So some lead magnet stuff. So it really just depends on the volume.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool. Yeah, doing the calls myself has been awesome lately. So I think I'll take on as many as I can. then once it overflows, it's obviously helpful. But I just got off a call with the guy just before and he was saying, he was pretty much bagging out another coach who he had a consult with because the clothes was on rather than the coach. So obviously it's just so much easier to sell when it's me doing it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a hundred percent. Like again, it's just like that layer of personalization. And the more personalization you can have. The more The more authority you're going to have at the end of the day. So, yeah. And again, like all your sort of metrics increase, your profit margins increase, your close rates increase, your show-up rates increase, and that all compounds as well. So it's like 2 plus 2 equals 1 plus 1 equals 3 type thing. You know what mean?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, perfect. And then, yeah, I'm glad you got Jake out of there. Um, just because that was, I mean, again, you were traveling a fair bit and everything and throw a bit of a spanner in the works. But, um, yeah, ideally, like I knew, I know we could have been doing better numbers, um, if you were front and center with the sales.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah. I'll be keen to see because I know those ads we were running when he was taking the calls. I know that, I think that we sort of ran that at a time where, um, what was it? Like, it was, it was that new...
Kyle Musca: Meta thing came out, so it wasn't working as well.
Callum Hinze: I'll be keen to see how that goes with ads performing better, plus me taking calls rather than him, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I've got the new sort of structure pretty dialed in, and it does work really, really well. So, yeah. And then, like, that's all pretty standard. I don't think we'll have much hiccups there at all. So, ideally, yeah, pretty much this month, your challenge starts on the 12th, hey?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, so Monday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we'll keep pushing that. And then from Monday, I'll turn them off. And then I might leave them on for maybe a day or so, maybe, yeah, and see if people keep coming through just to, like, maximize it. And then, yeah, so basically from Tuesday, I'll turn them off, get those other ads up that we had last year. And then we'll get some new direct response stuff in there. I really want to... So I'd assume you have like a ton of transformations and stuff to use.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, heaps, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So again, I probably, I just want to keep nailing that in for you. And then that's all pretty simple. And then I want to really, and that's kind of what I want to like run through and just start getting you, because your organic content is doing really well at the moment as well.
Callum Hinze: I've actually been paying Morgan to do my content and she's been doing a mad job at it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. In terms of, what do you mean?
Callum Hinze: She's just helping me structure it all. Do you know how Vaughn sort of did it?
Kyle Musca: He was sort of like helping people structure their content. Oh, yeah.
Callum Hinze: So she's helping me do it all. And it's been, this is obviously time that I have back for work, but I've found the engagement on it's been massively improved.
Kyle Musca: So I think I want to just, I want to probably use some of those for like lead magnets and stuff as well, I think. Yeah. Well, that's, that's what I was going to say. Because like, I was thinking about how I could do this in terms of like, right for what I sort of envisioned to use. Like Thank This is the lead magnet. I don't think it will be, it's not as simple as me just like writing a script because it really has to be like, you know, so for example, this is perfect, right? My back was a weak point for years. Now it's become one of my strongest body parts, all because I did these three things. First, I started training back three times a week. Yep, three times. I also reduced the amount of sets I do so I can go up. So essentially like this style of content where it's just the voiceover exactly how you've done it, and then you just throw on a lead magnet at the end. If you want my, you know, full split, you know, breakdown or whatever, DM me the word split.
Callum Hinze: Would we run the lead magnets as ads as well, or would we keep the lead magnets purely just organic stuff?
Kyle Musca: Nah, so we'd run them as ads for sure. And then, but the cool thing about the lead magnets, man, is you can just add them as organics. Like just get into the habit of filming them as organics. Cause if you. Say on the back end of this, you know, if you want my, if you want a full week of training, again, you've got to kind of make the lead magnet obviously relevant, but like, let's say you want a full week of training, DM the word split, and I'll send you through my current training structure or something like that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I want to, I want to build like a recipe book thing, because I've been doing like one meal prep video a week, and they seem to be doing really well. So I think even adding to that, just DM for my recipe book and include all those recipes, because they seem to be doing well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Even, even with that, man, like, doesn't necessarily need. So what I would do here is basically just say, like, keep that, and then like, basically say in the video on the caption, if you want the full recipe, just... DM me, just comment, you know, cucumber or something like that, trigger word, and I'll send it through to you. So it gets more engagement on the post because more people are interacting, commenting with it, but it starts a lot of conversations because from that point, like, their message through, like, Clement can pretty much just jump over.
Callum Hinze: Would it be worthwhile putting that, like, DM this or comment this on the video or just keep that in the description?
Kyle Musca: No, definitely. I would definitely throw it in there for sure, like, in the video. Just a really quick, like, if you want the full recipe, just comment to your cucumber and I'll send it through.
Callum Hinze: Okay, no matter. That's easy too.
Kyle Musca: And then, like, in ManyChat, I mean, I can even copy it straight into your thing. Like, so, like, I used to do them back in the day. so, like, so, like, so, so, like, so, like, like I even make it this complicated. I would basically just have it at this. That's a little bit more complicated than what I would have. Okay. So with the comments, you can only send one box, which is annoying. So essentially, like, you can't say, like, hey, X, Y, Z, yada, yada, yada, and then have the delay like you do with the DMs. So what I would basically do is I would have trigger it straight into this. So, like, get rid of all this other . Yeah. So what I might even do... Mm, count, mark. Okay. I think with your stuff, man, like it's, and I'll show you what I mean in a second. But with your stuff, like definitely, like this is great for recipes. I don't know if I would go down the avenue of like making a cookbook resource as much. Just because I think a lot of people like you'll resonate with people that are more interested in training rather than, I guess, the nutrition side of things. Like a lot of gen pop people are interested in nutrition, but like if you're more into bodybuilding gym, you're more into training usually. Like obviously nutrition is a huge factor, but they want their. Which has been, like, getting training splits and all, and programs and  like that. So, recipe. I'm just going to pull this template. But what I would do is get rid of that. Get rid of all this. Get rid of it. I'm going to have it super simple, so it's just something like that. Because then and then what you might even want to do for Let's Look Is Yeah, I would keep it really simple for now. So every time you go to do it, you just update this essentially. Like obviously, I would probably add more wording into it. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, Legend, so you commented on my post. Here's the full recipe for the cucumber salad. I've been using this heaps recently. It's an absolute hack if you're trying to like get shredded or something like that. And then just have the recipe. Something simple. It doesn't have to be anything crazy. But then essentially like anyone that's message free there, then you would come in to little bit a a bit bit a bit a of of of of And then, yeah, basically like a day later or something like that, Klamet might come in here and be like, hey, how'd you go with that recipe, brother? Have you had a chance to give it a try? And you just start the conversation at, like you don't want to, you purely want to just open up the lines of communication with that, the first couple of things. Be like, awesome, man, like what are you currently trying, like what is your current goal?
Callum Hinze: You know, are you trying to shred some weight or build some muscle?
Kyle Musca: Cool, what are you struggling with?
Callum Hinze: No, it's pretty much straight on to the same combo to beat, yeah, with this, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so pretty much this, like with this stuff, like this is obviously templated, so you just have to like reword it essentially. But again, basically, intro, start the conversation, get goal, get struggle, get the qualifying question, like you, you know, what do you do if work is stuck in the office of  book?
Callum Hinze: Put it on the tools, and then transition into booking a sales, a closing call, a coaching call. Yeah, I like that. It's so easy to, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it's just like, you know, it's like low pressure at the end of the day. I'll send you this. Just because the rest of the direct stuff, man, like I'll take care of the scripting and everything. But like if you can just focus on your side, one of your makings, is because they're great and they're working. Like they're clearly resonating with your audience. If you can just focus on like adding more lead magnets in there, one, to convert on organics a bit more. But also just so that we've got a backlog of when we do want to like launch them, we can just go straight into it. Does that all make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, simple stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, perfect. Because, yeah. Because, yeah. And then I think that, again, I think the training stuff will work really well for you. And we've had a look at this before. But, like, for example, this is what the board twins do. And, like, I think this would absolutely crush it for you as well. All they do is just different workouts. And then you can see, right, 6x does throw the workout. Comment, workout, learn.
Callum Hinze: was sending my full workout program completely free, free of charge. I think it's just going to be, like, a PDF formatted program.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Like, something really nice and simple. doesn't have to be anything long. Just create something, send it off to Lucky. And then, you know, get him just to design something up quickly.
Callum Hinze: Like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Easy. It's designed to effectively hit all three heads of your shoulder, your front head, your side head, and your rear head, to build a well-rounded shoulder. So pretty simple there, like basically what you're already doing with something like this. And then it will fly into your rear delts. So if you want to build some huge shoulders, then this shoulder workout is designed to effectively hit all three. If you want to build some huge shoulders, then this shoulder workout is designed to... Naomi sets an 8-12 reps on a single arm rear delts, they will fly into your rear delts. So if you want to build some huge shoulders... Yeah, so they don't even... He's not even... He didn't even add the CTA in the video. It's just purely the comment workout that's bringing in all those leads. Here is a simple rest on a cap bone. If you want to build some huge legs, then here... Yeah, and it's repeat. Here is my top three hands control the eccentric. And that's all they do.
Callum Hinze: Super easy. I've got videos done that we could just add that to already, hey, I feel.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, I've done, like lead magnets only really work if you like prioritize them. can't like kind of, you know, do, you can't do it here and there type thing. It's got to be like, same as direct response, right? We've got to actually sit down. We've got to actually dedicate time to filming the recordings. We've got to get the resource right for it. But I have done like lead magnet stuff in the past and it's half my cost per call cost. Yeah. Cost per call. half my cost per call. Now they're lower intent. Don't get me wrong. But again, if we can get, you know, twice as many calls booked out of it, it's like, you know, even if they are lower intent, you're getting, let's say even the, the industry average is about a 30% close rate for it. So it's like, if you're getting an extra 20 calls, it's still an extra six clients a week.
Callum Hinze: You know what mean? Okay. That's so easy to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And again, it's literally like, it aligns with everything. How do you get your arms so big, like, that's...
Callum Hinze: Some people just use the exact video, hey, and just add the CTA to it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could use all these videos and just add the CTA to it. Yeah. So it's like, you know, again... Are you eating many organic expirers?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, a fair few this week, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, because, like, what this stuff is doing, man, is you're selling your physique, and, like, that's, you know, a huge selling point for you.
Callum Hinze: That one you just opened, that real basic, like, physique check one. Could I repurpose that and then legit just have some font come up saying, DM me this for this free resource, and as simple as that? Or DM me something for my full program. Like, that even just be as simple as that on top of that video?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could try it. Like, again, just off the top of my head, want to build a freakish physique in 2026? DM me split and I'll send you my full workout, my current workout program, my entire training split, absolutely freak, whatever you word it as. But, like, so when I was talking to James Ward and stuff about this, it's like, this works so well for them because anyone that's actually, like, messaging through are more serious about training. You know, it's kind of like weaves out all the gen pop people and everything like that, which probably aren't going to resonate with you that well anyway. The guys that are going to resonate with you are the ones that are more serious about training and they want to, you know, not just have, you know, like a lean physique. They want to actually be, like, they want to look  gnarly type thing.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which is great because if we can just tap into that audience, like, they should be the most committed. They should be happy to spend the money. Yeah. And I reckon we double down on that with, like, all your stuff, even the direct marketing stuff. Like, go from that angle of, like, we don't just train. I don't just train, you know, every average Joe who just wants to, you know, get a little bit leaner. train guys that are actually serious about building their best physique. Like, okay. And that works because you're excluding an audience, you know what mean? Like, if you're trying to sell to everyone and you're selling to no one, it's, like, exclude the audience and just focus on who you want to. Because if I was watching that and I was, like, I want to, you know, get as jacked and muscular and lean as possible, if someone said that, I'd be, like, this is a guy I need to work with. Composed to every other  ad they see where it's, like, some  about gen pop stuff.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that makes plenty of sense.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, even like, and honestly, like, depends, again, if you, it depends what you're doing. I would like, you know, a lot of lead main stuff, but like, yeah, I'll try and make this stuff pop a lot more with the emojis as well.
Callum Hinze: I'm pretty sure we've spoken about that.
Kyle Musca: But like, just from adding that simple, like, little, literally just by adding a simple emoji thing just to make sure it stands out, when, you know, my videos start going decently viral, like, I get heaps and heaps of organic inquiries.
Callum Hinze: Okay. That's easy to fix.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so again, it's kind of like looking at it and like, because you can always do direct response, but even like looking at this, you know, here's what, what one year of progress can look like. 12 months, 104 to 109, similar condition. And then you could add in, like, one of the exact plan I used to build, to stack on this mouse, this mouse, DME, again, split, and I'll send it through. Okay. Come on, split, and I'll send it through.
Callum Hinze: Because we could even use that as an app. Okay. Might as well.
Kyle Musca: Perfect one.
Callum Hinze: Does that all make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you're getting an awesome engagement recently. Love to see the talking style videos as well.
Callum Hinze: seem to be doing more of them. Yeah. Thank you. I seem to be doing all right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Three steps to go from flat, soft, and frustrated to absolutely jacked. Here's my client, Chaz, who in under a year went from an average week to someone who constantly gets asked when he's competing in the gym. And I see it all the time, guys. What seems to work best for you is these voiceover ones. Like the... The ones where your physique is front and centre, but then you're just like talking.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, the one arm, the arm day one was the best.
Kyle Musca: I think it was almost 100k.
Callum Hinze: That one, yeah. Yeah, that one was the best performing one for a while. I'm going to recreate this tomorrow, but for like chess stuff, because it did well.
Kyle Musca: Honestly, I mean... Do you have many of these videos?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, a few.
Kyle Musca: If you could even like go get and put them into a folder. Yeah. Because what I might even do is I might even like... Do you have like a training split or something that you could send?
Callum Hinze: I could whip one up. What, just in like DM format or like in a spreadsheet?
Kyle Musca: healthy. Yeah. really going wühled As Ideally, like, I would probably even, like, because if we're going to do this, I would probably spend the time just to make sure it, like, looks nice and, like, I guess. So, um, maybe even put together, like, a, you know, it doesn't have to be long. This is obviously a 49-page document. I wouldn't do that. That's a lot of effort. But, like, even, like, a, you a five or a ten-page, you know, training split program type thing, um, just to send people to something that looks nice and professional.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I reckon we just run something like, like this, and literally just cut all this out and kind of have it, you know, the board twins have it here. Yeah. Where it's... Yeah. Where it's Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah, how to build massive arms to me, work out, I'm my full five-day-per-week workout program.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Oh, man, does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. So just add that to a drive folder and just all those simple arms center through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just, yeah, if you could just create a new folder and just say, like, lead mag videos. And then what I would do there just to keep things nice and simple is maybe create a folder, like, of a lead mag. Like, so, for example, if you're going to do a full workout split program or something like that, just do, like, lead mag five-day training split and then put every video that would, like, suit that, you know. And resource into that, just so there's no confusion of where we're directing them, like what we're sending them.
Callum Hinze: Run that down now. Five days straight, lead, make four. Yeah, I can definitely do that.
Kyle Musca: Perfect one. Other than that, yeah, I think it's just about simple execution, really. I reckon we just dial in the direct response ads. I'm stoked that you're taking calls, because I knew that was the biggest bottleneck.
Callum Hinze: It's so satisfying, just the comparison, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I know. . I almost didn't even want to push the ads much harder, just because I think you were taking them.
Callum Hinze: Honestly, this week has been good with leads coming in, so I'm just going to run with them. Sign as many as we can.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. mean, ideally I'd love Obviously, you're like, you know, a baseline of 15 calls and ideally like, you know, a bare minimum of five new clients, but ideally like seven plus clients a week.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that'd be ideal.
Kyle Musca: And if you're getting this type of engagement and everything like that, there's no reason why that's not reasonable for that to happen. Yep. Are you still working with Vaughn?
Callum Hinze: No, just here and there, if we're doing ads and stuff, I will, but I think the stuff done out on our own is just as good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I always find with organic style content, man, like the less professional, the better.
Callum Hinze: I prefer his for ads, like ads, ads, but I don't think it's really necessary for this stuff, hey?
Kyle Musca: No, no. Yeah, I think filming a phone, that type of quality, because when people see the high quality camera, they kind of instantly think it's an ad. It can like scroll just because of that. And also, like, are you editing this stuff on edits?
Callum Hinze: end? Yeah, so like even that, it's just like because it's Instagram's app, they're just going to push your stuff even more from doing that.
Kyle Musca: Plus that's like simple enough to do, like the voiceover ones definitely seem to be your best style of content in terms of engagement, so, and the music ones as well. But I would just double down on that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool, does that all make sense?
Callum Hinze: Any questions on any of that? That's all pretty straightforward, yeah. Yeah. All pretty straightforward.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, man. Well, I'll take care of all the direct response stuff, and then if you can just focus on the lead back stuff on your side of things, and really just get in the habit of every time you make any videos like this, just put a lead bang on it, and I think, yeah, man, we'll be  golden.
Callum Hinze: Perfect. All right, that's easy to do.
Kyle Musca: We'll get to work on that. Perfect. Cheers, bro. Is there anything else you want to cover at all?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I think we're pretty good. I think we're pretty good. Off to a good start, are they?
Kyle Musca: think we're good. Yeah, fantastic. Awesome. keep me updated with how this week goes. And then, yeah, let's make it a big year for you, man.
Callum Hinze: Definitely. Definitely. Keen for it. Awesome, man. All right. I'll let you get back to it and I'll chat to you very soon. All right. Thanks again. We'll speak soon. All right. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 56/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-07T07:59:52Z | id:112308883
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. How did you go with this?
Meg Tovey: I didn't really feel like it was a Christmas period, to be honest. I didn't really take time off because we're going to Japan in like six weeks or seven. So I just worked through and then just  pumped at the moment. So trying to stay on top of .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Fair. Nice.
Meg Tovey: How long have you gone to Japan for? Two weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's good. Yeah, I found out a month is probably a bit longer than stay in the snow.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. How's the body?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good. It was like sore hours and then we kind of ended up getting sick and then we were just like kind of over it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just annoying having to like rug up just to walk outside. I'm just not built for that kind of climate.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, fully.
Kyle Musca: But do you have a good Christmas and stuff? Yeah, was good. I think it's good just to, like, take a little bit of a step back sometimes because then I was, like, itching to get back into it properly.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which, otherwise, when you're, like, flat out all the time, like, , I just, like, break.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. Well, we'll rip right into things. How has this week been going overall?
Meg Tovey: Good. Like, I feel like we've had the most calls booked in ever. I just don't know, obviously, if the quality of the calls are going to be good yet because I'm noticing more Indians again. However, like, we've signed up a couple that have paid, like, I've been pitching $3,900 in full. So that's fine. I've been, like, I've had the biggest  headache in the last 24 hours. I've signed up three people who have all tried to pull out straight after. However, I need to figure out how to use Stripe. Like, I don't, because we didn't ever, we didn't, like, get to the end of how. How it actually works to, like, get someone on when we, like, went through it. I think, I don't know if we ran out of time or what happened, but I played around it with Laura and I tried to, like, put her as, like, a client and then I asked Jarrah what he does and he does it a different way again. And I, like, so I've been using, like, the debit company and because it says commencement date is the next day, they just, I don't, I think that's the main reason. Because, like, I'm not, like, necessarily pushing them into the sale. Like, I've had to do, obviously, objection handling and stuff, but, like, it's not like they're super ungrounded when they're signing up. And we've changed our whole onboarding. Like, there's not, there is, like, I've been spending, like, an hour on the  call after they've signed up to, like, do most of their onboarding so that they're, like, very much bought in. And they still then get off and  try and pull out.
Kyle Musca: So that's been a nightmare. So. So with Stripe, are you taking the payment there and then, like as usual?
Meg Tovey: I haven't been using it because we didn't figure out, well, when I was on the call with you, when we were looking at it, we never got to the end of how to like do it smoothly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so because I had to do it with, for example, that dollar thing I sent through to you. So what you have to do is you have to create an invoice so you can't create a recurring subscription. So you create a, and I'll show you what I mean by that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I feel like I need to see it because otherwise I'll be like, because I was like going back and forth on chat. tried to put Lauren as a test because the way you showed me on the call was create them as a, as a customer first.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so if you, yeah, so I was playing around with it. So if you create them as a customer, it doesn't have the payment information. you as a customer, doesn't for So if they pay, if you send them an invoice with the link, we send them an invoice in general, it automatically creates them as a customer. So what I would do is I would have, so I would create an invoice, and then, so you add their email, which will create them as a customer.
Meg Tovey: In there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so see how it's here, add email, add new customer. So you'd add their email, something that's brief, for example. And then basically what you'd do is whatever currency you want to charge in, so Australian dollars. And then this is the item. Now, you'll notice with these, they're just one-self invoices. So it's not $1,000 per month or whatever, it's just $1,000. So you can't create a reoccurring subscription until they're a customer. So what the invoice does is it gets them to pay there and then, and it creates a customer. because their payment information's on file, you can just go on the back end and put them on a subscription after that point.
Meg Tovey: I have to, like, select to make it collect their card details.
Kyle Musca: Like, it will just automatically do it. Yeah, because as long as they pay. So, for example, that's why I did the $1 thing. It's just because if you did pay that, it collects a card information, and then I could go set up the reoccurring subscription whenever we, like, whatever you guys discuss, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Meg Tovey: So do I need to make these items somewhere else, or do I just literally type in, like, 500 in there?
Kyle Musca: So what I would do is, like, you don't need to create all these, because I created all these ones based off the different, like, options and everything like that. I would just create one invoice, right? So let's say it's, you know, tier three, whatever, a thousand. And then because the only need to create one is because you can change the pricing. So how do you even create that in the first place? Is it in here or in another spot? You can create it in here, I'm pretty sure. Let me get rid of this. Stuck on this.
Meg Tovey: , damn it. Sorry.
Kyle Musca: Sorry. No, you're good. Add a new line. So you could just do six months.
Meg Tovey: VIP coaching. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Whatever you want to call it. As long as it's universal or something, you just don't want raise the flags.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah. Okay. So just VIP coach. Oh, just coaching or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You could even just do your business name coaching, something like that. And then it's the price. So let's say it is like, let's see if I added it. It's this one. Cool. Happy with that. And then you can just change the price. It's like, if they're like, oh, I can pay $644 a day, you just do $644. Yeah. Cool. It would then, might as well create, doesn't really matter. General services, all that stuff doesn't really matter. Save. Now, if they don't have an address, then it gets . So I'll just turn that off. If they don't have the address on the customer file, then it doesn't allow you to do like invoicing and stuff like that, I'm pretty sure. like doesn't allow you to set up the subscriptions. It's not the biggest, like it's, I wouldn't risk it on this one. What you can do after is once they've created their account, you can go in there and you just edit their details. It doesn't, all you have to do is just chuck in a postcode and then it'll allow you to do it. I just would turn it off for the initial one just so there's no hiccups or anything like that. Yeah. Doesn't really matter, but I would always just do today. So like they know that they have to pay it now and then they don't, you don't want, they don't want, you want them to see 30 days and they go, oh, pay it tomorrow, pay it right Yeah, yeah. You can't order charge customer because you don't have that on file. And that's pretty much it. So then you would do review invoice. All right. So happy days. Yep, happy days. Finalize and send.
Meg Tovey: Rinse her for all her money.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then basically that will take you to this. And then all you need to do is this payment page. It will have the link here. And then you just send that to them on the call.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: And then from there.
Meg Tovey: It's stressful, like, first couple of times because I don't want to, like,  it up because that's, like, obviously while you're doing that, I'm trying to, like, talk to them somewhat so they don't start getting in their head about, like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Once you have it, like, once you have that initial product, it's literally just, like, you just select it, quickly type it in, finalize it, send it to them. So it's, like, once you got used to it, would literally take probably five seconds to do. And then from there, for example, so I'll delete that so she doesn't think that I actually want to pay that. Yeah. Oh, I'll figure that out later. But from there, for example, so like she covered the $1 there. So that put her payment information. What is this? extra thing. Payment method should be here.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that's what I, I tried something similar to this and it didn't do that. That's where I got stuck.
Kyle Musca: As long as I've paid, there could be a save payment information. Let have a look here. That's actually, yeah, that's interesting. Let's have a look here. Let's have a look here. There's hiccups when you do it in person, I don't know. Because I know this is how I do it through my actual coaching. System, my coach sends them the invoice. And then they pay.
Meg Tovey: Loom for me or something?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll play around with it later and actually do a Loom video on it.
Meg Tovey: Because I've got heaps of calls booked in tomorrow and I'm like, the anxiety of these three people that have signed up all and then tried to pull out, like, is real. Because, like, one of them, right, is  literally abusing my accounts manager. don't don't don't don't don't I don Because she's like trying to pull out of the contract and then it's obviously the responses are obviously very black and white, like factual kind of this is the contract kind of thing. And she's trying to argue that she doesn't have, like, you know, she hasn't started the service, even though she's literally was given all the onboarding and like the program was made and everything. And so it's just like that awkward thing of like, if like, I just want to be like, oh, just  let it go. It's not worth it. But then, like, if you're already halfway through that process with, like, the accounts team or whatever, and then you're like, oh, yeah, don't worry about it.
Kyle Musca: Like, it just looks so unprofessional.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. But then, like, I'm obviously risking, like, I've had someone in the past, this similar thing happen, who then left this huge   Google review. And so it's like, yeah, it's . I don't know what to. I'm hoping getting a payment up front fixes this. Because I don't know what the , like, we've literally overhauled our whole onboarding, like, it's, there's nothing else we can do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so what I do in those situations is I just say, like, again, always use a billing company as the bad guy.
Meg Tovey: I've tried, like, because I know we've been through this before. I, like, tried that approach. It didn't work. And then it's me. It's, like, I end up being the bad guy still. And so I've, like, changed it back to, like, I'm not even involved. And it's, like, you speak to admin. Because, yeah, it's, like, the last, like, maybe two or three that I did that approach. And I, like, literally followed, like, word for word the things you were, like, sending me and stuff, like, just still didn't work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So what I do is, like, yeah, so I've been the bad. Like, I kind of get angry at the billing company with them. I'm, like, yeah, man, like, I completely understand frustration. Like, I certainly don't like dealing with these issues either. And at the end of the day, I'm here to try and help you, you know, sort X, Y, Z. Basically. Basically, like, what we can do is I can put in a request for an early cancellation, and essentially, they would just, like, look at what work we've actually completed and the expenses that go into that, and then if you just, like, all you'd have to do is just obviously cover them, which is fair, and then you'll get remain access to what we've built for you so far.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you've got to kind of, like, word it as, like, I'm trying to figure out a solution for you, and if you do it right, like, you're going to have those people that are just  annoying. Like, I had one guy that signed up, and then, like, three weeks, two, like, weeks later, he was like, oh, I don't want to do it anymore. I've changed my mind. He paid, like, $50, and he's like, that should cover the work, right? And I'm like, you think $50 covers a quarter of a $2,000 program? Like, are you joking? And then he just, like, ended up blocking and everything. So there's, like, not really, some cases, there's just not much you can do. But if you do it right, like, I'll have people, like, thanking me. For getting the cancellation down to like 400 instead of 850.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that, it's like a happy like middle ground because, yeah, at the end of the day, you don't want to try and have these really argumentative conversations in that. then they go like, you know, leave a really bad review, you know, gives you a bad reputation. So that way it's like, okay, you know, you can exit, but like just cover the work that we've actually done for you.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. But how do you, yeah, I mean, I don't know how you'd like, because then it's again, it's like, then I'm putting the price on that, which then they just like are upset with me then in, because it's like, and then it ends up being this, not about the billing company.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I say, yeah, so say someone reaches out to me and is like, oh, I want cancel. But like, yeah, obviously I try and get them to stay around and stuff before that. But like, let's say they really want to cancel. But like, no worries. Like, look, what I can do is it gets a little bit tricky to cancel just because we're still, you know, within the program duration and everything. Then we brought on the billing company, works like Afterpay, hence why we're very clear about prices from the start. What I can do for you is I can send them an early notice or request to cancel and then explain like basically they'll look at what work's been done and you just have to cover that essentially. So I don't frame it as like a cancellation fee. I frame it as like covering the work that's actually been completed, which at the end of the day is fair. And then a day later, I'll come back and be like, hey, you know, I just heard back from them. They wanted 850. Like they had to look at everything. They wanted 850. But I managed to get them down to just 437.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So I like anchor them high and then come down. Like act like I've been going back and forth with the billing company to like in their favor to get it, you know, the best possible rate, like exit fee as possible.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, some people understand that the work's gone into it and they're like happy to pay it. Like I literally had a guy pay it today. Absolutely. Absolutely fine. And then there's other people that are just complete dickheads who never really intend on doing anything in the first place.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Also, just like a side question, what's like the expectation for retention when you're selling like this for beyond the six months or the four months or whatever? Like, not expectation, sorry. Like, what, I don't know if you mind me asking, like, what would be your average retention beyond the initial term that they're paying for? Because I'm used to a  four-year retention. So it's like very different. And I don't know if my expectations are like unrealistic for this style of selling and these people that are cold and stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so with mine, I like to get them on a subscription, so I never really have to have that extension conversation. They just continue on, like if they don't talk.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, no, I've done the same. But I mean, like, they still know that's the end of minimum term.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I do there, and this is something I'm going to really implement with my closers this year, is essentially, and the coaches as well. So there's two things. One is make sure, because we're selling information at the end of the day, if they feel like they've got the information, they're going to leave. So from the very start, I have, like, a roadmap, which basically maps out the next 12 months with them. So that way, if they only sign up for three months, that's fine. We're still planning for 12 months in advance. And it's always about, like, what's next? You know what mean? Like, what is the next steps? And we need to take this really cautiously, X, Y, Z. So again, I'm trying to get the seed planted early. And then what I'm going to have done is a, like, an end of program sort of timeframe. So let's say they sign up and six months goes by, where the closer will essentially have a success call with them, right? And then the idea there is, and you can't do this. Right. Right at the end. let's say we're talking about three months just because it's easier, 12 weeks. You can't just get to week 11 and be like, let's jump on a success call. From basically week eight especially, the coach really needs to start ramping up like the, I guess, caution around the next steps of the phasing. And then realistically around that sort of eight to nine week mark when there's still a buffer room, that's when you need to like have that conversation with them about extending.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. And then how do you like, because I know that and like we're in sales, so we kind of understand that. But how do you like, do you have a framework or something to coach your coaches on that? Because like my coaches are good at coaching. They're not good at like understanding that psychology behind keeping people on long term.
Kyle Musca: Well, one, I've heard this conversation with them. So basically, on their first check-in call, because there's not going to be that much data, like, this isn't the onboarding call, it's actually like the first check-in call, because there's not really going to be that much data to collect. So really run over. So I get them to fill out this with the client. This is the 12-month plan I was just talking about. So this basically keeps the coach in line with it. Like, if they know, you know, it's a 12-week program, the coach knows at, sorry, 12-week program, the coach knows at week eight, okay, this is when I need to really start ramping up. And basically what they'll do is, whether it's every check-in or very, very much every second check-in, it. I would quickly always reflect back to this so, one, the client knows where they're at in the journey and also the coach can see where they're at in the journey as well so they know that they just need to start planting those seeds. The coach shouldn't be trying to sell them or anything. The coach should be genuinely trying to coach them and just planting that seed naturally.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I think the tricky part is because I've got a similar spreadsheet that I've implemented with them to track, like, to recognize the red flags a lot sooner and then I've got a meeting with each of them once a week where they bring me, like, the red flags and say, like, this is what I'm planning on doing, blah, blah, blah, and I have just, if I have any input. But because our type of client is not, like, like, they're obviously still there for a result, but, like, a lot of the time it's not going to go to plan. So I fully get this, like, that's a great idea for the first check-in and showing the client that, but, like, it, what, yeah, I don't I know how to articulate what I mean. Like when it doesn't go to plan, what happens then? How do they like kind of, yeah, communicate the phases then?
Kyle Musca: So it depends, like what would be an example of a red flag for you?
Meg Tovey: Haven't gotten results, like haven't progressed in two weeks. And then we've got like three kind of parts to that. So it's like haven't progressed in two weeks, but think they should be progressing. Haven't progressed in two weeks and are aware that they have been like not adherent or haven't progressed and have been adherent. And like obviously changes need to be made. But like most of our clients are like  more with their base and struggle with adherence. So it's a lot of that like habit and behavior coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is a tricky one because it's like a different angle from it. I'd say realistically in the majority. The of the time, it's like if they haven't progressed, it's because they haven't been adherent, realistically. And this comes down to kind of, I guess, a coaching philosophy because if it was me coaching someone and I was looking at them and, you know, let's say they're 150 kilos and they're on 1,800 calories, right? It's like, and they, you know, if they say they tracked 1,800 calories, they haven't lost any weight, kind of just like look at it and like, dude, there's no  way this is possible. And I just have that like hard conversation with them, essentially. Yeah. Do you, so just so I answer the question properly, can you, I guess, reframe it, Ria?
Meg Tovey: Um, I guess like a lot of the things that are being worked on are deeper than just like follow the plan. It's a lot of psychology coaching, like behavior-based coaching. So, like, it's hard to kind of go, if you, if we mapped out, like, and say they've got 30 kilos. kilos. And then morbidly obese. don't need to necessarily do like diet breaks and stuff like that. Like if they're that overweight, they can just  keep dieting. So like trying to map something out like this. I don't, yeah, I don't know. It could, because we do this on our spreadsheet, like the phases initially, like that's what the coach has to do when they go through all their  at the start. But to like reflect it back to the client, I almost would, oh, it's not even that actually. It's just like about how to then communicate to them like the next phase when they literally still just need a  diet for like another six months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would comment from there is one, it's like it's adjustable, you know what mean? So it's like if they're, you maybe they are a little bit behind track, just explain to them why. But then also, you know, add in, I guess, like, again, it's the information. So it's like, you know, our goal is ultimately weight loss, but we can't achieve weight loss until we get the habits really down pat. up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So right now, I want to just really focus on, you know, let's say we're at week six, for example, and they've hit that part where they're not really progressing, but like they should be based on every, you know, all that . I would just be like, okay, for the next sort of four weeks, I really want to focus on just getting the habits down because we can keep, you know, beating our head against a brick wall. But if we don't really get those habits and those foundations built and implemented properly, like we're not going to be able to, you know, get the results that we're wanting. So even by doing that, then you're theoretically pushing the program back in four weeks just by that. So I would like adjust it and adapt with them. And the biggest thing is just explaining to it, like keeping them, I guess, in a loop of like why things are happening, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. At the end of the day, it's like if you followed the calories and macros and you did the training and everything like perfectly, you'd lose so much weight. But we can't get that because your habits just aren't in the right place for that to actually be a real... Logistic, obtainable goal right now. We've got to get past that obstacle so we can get to the ultimate goal. And obviously, especially when it comes to habits, that's just not an overnight fix, right? We need to actually work this into your lifestyle, which unfortunately does take a couple of weeks and a couple of months. But saying that, once we solve that issue, you never struggle with this issue again.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, no, it's more just like the actual system for the coaches to be able to like keep track of it. Because I noticed like when someone, because generally when a coach is working for someone else, it's because they haven't been able to fill their own book of clients. So then when they have a full book of clients, they can't give the quality that they have given in the past to 10 or 20 clients in terms of like keeping on track with this stuff, like, and reflecting that back to the client. So I've been trying to like build out a system. So, yeah, this is good, helpful to see. Which is kind of like what we're already doing at the start, but we weren't doing it with the client. We were doing it. For like ourselves and it wasn't going for, like I, in my onboarding for the coach, it says like map out the first 16 weeks, not the whole year. Yeah. That's good. That's like helpful. And then just reflecting that back to the client.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And, and the thing with that is like, well, that's just coaching management at the same time. Like I know when I was, you know, you know, 70, 80 old clients back when I was coaching, I would make sure I would leave like small notes on every single client, every single week. And then before the next week's check-in, I would go back and like reread them. So I know what was discussed. Cause that, that's, I guess, crucial. yeah, if you don't have, I guess, if they don't have something like that in place, then yeah, they're not going to remember those key details that they need to keep drilling into them, you know, four weeks on end.
Meg Tovey: No, yeah, we definitely have that in place, but it's like, cause it is habit and habits and behaviors that don't happen in one week, for example. no, no, . They can get lost, like, it's hard to explain, like, from, they can move too far away from still getting the actual  result, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, I mean, like, habits isn't necessarily, like, habits is probably a good, I guess, problem to have in essence because habits don't, again, happen overnight. So it's, like, you may even want to, you know, that, be like, look, you know, after working with you for a couple of weeks, like, it's, you know, I can see you're dedicated and everything to change, obviously, I have the conversation with them. And I see the biggest, like, roadblock with us right now is just getting those habits dialed in. So, and explain, it's not an overnight process. Look, what we can do, because I really want to see, you know, succeed at the end of the day. And then, like, that's when you would start, one, transitioning. I wouldn't do it all in one call. I would plant the seed into, you're going to need longer than the original timeframe that we needed.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you just come from the angle of. Like if you executed and followed the plan, you would only have needed that timeframe, but because your habits are the thing that's bottlenecking us, we need to fix that problem, which is going to take more time.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Cause yeah, we had two, two clients cancel recently who'd lost 10 kilos, done everything to the plan. Like it was perfect. This is kind of going off track to what we were just talking about, but that all makes sense. But this is what needed to be in place. And those conversations needed to be had earlier because they've obviously got to a point where they're like, I'm  killing it. I don't really need to go beyond the minimum term, but they don't understand that they need to  do a reverse diet or whatever. So yeah. Okay, cool. Sweet. That answers my question.
Kyle Musca: Thank you so much. And then I would also just have the chat with the coaches that again, like it sounds bad, but you kind of need to instill that fear factor into clients because if they, if they, you know, feel confident and this pisses me off so much is when you. You get them, like, you know, 70%, 80% of the way there, and they're lining up to be a really good transformation or whatever, but then they're like, oh, I feel confident, I know everything now, I'm going to go out and finish this on my own, right? Yeah. That's annoying for a whole other reason. So, like, what I would instill into them is, like, the first 10 kilos is different to the second 10 kilos, which is different to the last 10 kilos. Yeah. You know what mean? So, it's like, it's still weight loss at the end of the day, but it's not the same process. And if anything, it gets harder the lower we get.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Does that answer your question, then?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Meg Tovey: Cool. Oh, sorry. I had one more question. Yeah. How do your coaches schedule calls with everyone?
Kyle Musca: Like, do they do calls with everyone? They do do calls with everyone on the package that entails calls, but they just use calendar.
Meg Tovey: I'd like spit them in. How do they fit them in or do they just like, like if a client's, is it fortnightly or weekly check-ins or like a mix?
Kyle Musca: Weekly.
Meg Tovey: So if it's weekly, does the client just pick any day in the week or do they have a, like, because I'm like, how the  are they fitting? Like the girls are struggling to like fit and obviously they're way over capacity. I just, I'm sending a letter of offer for a new coach this afternoon. But, yeah, they're struggling to like fit people in for the times that the clients can do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, my coaches all do it on the same day. I found, I haven't found it, like I've spoken to people about this before. You never want them to just have random days because check-ins will go missed. So, yeah, they have set days and then they just book them in on Calendly. My coaches are pretty good in terms of the fact that they'll work, you know, until 8 p.m. at night. But they've got that like. You know, they'll go do  during the day or whatever, and they'll take calls later in the day. So they're pretty good in that regard. Do your coaches use Calendly or an actual booking system?
Meg Tovey: I had it set up initially, and then they started doing it manually themselves, like booking the client in themselves, because then obviously they've got a bit more, like, control over when they can book in.
Kyle Musca: How long do the calls go for?
Meg Tovey: Like, they're scheduled for half an hour. Some are shorter.
Kyle Musca: Some are a bit longer. Yeah. So do they use the full half an hour?
Meg Tovey: Some go for, like, 20.
Kyle Musca: Some go for, like, 45. Yeah. I think it's also good to have, like, hard deadlines on them. So it's, like, if it's half an hour slots, that's fine. But just making sure that, like, you know, things don't go over. It's kind of good when you have those allotted slots in something like Calendly or something, because it's like, you know, I'd love to keep chatting. But unfortunately, I've got to jump on my next call. You know what mean? Because you just don't want get a rambler that goes for like 45 minutes about a bunch of irrelevant . So, yeah. And then, again, this comes down to like how reliable your coaches are and everything like that. Mine, I don't have any issues with mine. So I'm just like, you know, as long as you can book them in whenever throughout the day, as long as they get done on the day.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. And like each client has a different check-in day because like you can't fit in a full book of clients on one day.
Kyle Musca: No, I limit it to about 20 clients a day. Yeah. Yeah. So you like, for example, I'd fill up Monday and then once Monday's filled up, maybe they want to open up Thursday. Yeah. And then all the new clients would go that day.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. That's pretty much what they're already doing. I just didn't know if it was, it's probably just that time thing.
Kyle Musca: Like, I don't know.
Meg Tovey: They're not as flexible with working late.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So mine are good in that. But yeah, basically what they do is in the check and they send through the booking call link. And then if the client needs, you know, the time that like none of the times are available or whatever, then they just reach out and they chat about a time that suits.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. So yeah, the graphics are killing it in terms of cost per lead. I think a big factor there would probably be the Cappy pulling through for us. As I said, like from the start, that really is like, it's a shorter term play in terms of like scaling from a numbers perspective, but it's a longer term play in terms of like targeting the right people. And then what I've done is I'll get your video ads up. They came up awesome, by the way, with Vaughn. So I think, yeah, basically the style you did was fantastic. And I reckon it'd be like, it's a good, nice, efficient way to justify. By the filming, if that makes sense. Like if you know that you're getting ads and extracting ads out of it at same time, and it's like, okay, I'm going actually spend time doing this. What I would say, I really think that for your account and everything, I reckon we try to actually get the direct stuff dialed in properly. But I reckon we try and actually run like a lead magnet just to start conversations. But just keep it really simple to start with. And I reckon what we do there is just like, you've already got the masterclass type thing, like the presentation and everything built out. So you might even want to use that, but just something that's really specific to your audience. You know, how do you lose your first five kilos?
Meg Tovey: If you're a woman in her 30s, how to lose your first five kilos? Yeah, there's already, I put in that folder. Hang on, let me just open it up.
Kyle Musca: The three lead magnets? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I've thrown them up as well. So we'll definitely test them.
Meg Tovey: That's for the, like, free training, which is the podcast.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, probably. Oh, are they up already?
Kyle Musca: Because I haven't done the keywords. No. So the ad structures are being built out. Oh, yeah. The ad structures are being built out, but they haven't been officially published yet.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. Because I was going to say there's a couple of, I'm sure you already know this, but there's obviously a couple of ad graphics that are specific to December, like, say the word December, or say, like, Christmas in them and stuff. That will obviously need to come down.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Funnily enough, those are the ones that are actually pulling through the best for you. So I've just kind of, like, left them on. I think there's one, there was one established winner. I don't think that technically actually mentions, I think it says, like, you can walk into January or something like that, but it doesn't mention December or anything. And then there's another one that starts. up колока Thank To pull through as a winner as well, so, which is good. But how many calls have you had booked total this week for a while?
Meg Tovey: Where's my time? This week, as in like 1st to 7th of Jan, or like Monday to Wednesday?
Kyle Musca: We'll go 1st to 7th of Jan.
Meg Tovey: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12. Plus I had maybe 3 or 4, maybe even 5 extras booked in from people who have just booked themselves in, which they're not, or maybe 2, maybe I had 5 extras. 2 were organic, like from, they've known me or whatever for a while, but the other 3 like were random, so I'm assuming they were from the ads, but they've just booked. themselves in. Maybe one or two of them was also from the goal-setting guide in our link tree. That actually converts. That's something else that we could definitely, I don't know if it's too late. Oh, I don't think it's ever too late, I guess, for goals. But it converts really well on its own. It doesn't get many downloads organically, but of the downloads it gets, probably 50% of them book themselves in for a call.
Kyle Musca: What is, let's have a look at that. Do you have ClickFunnels, by the way?
Meg Tovey: I've got it, but it's on suspension. Oh, okay. Because I've built out all the same learning pages on my Wix website, because ClickFunnels is obviously very expensive, which I'm happy to pay for, but I just kind of like, wasn't using it frequently enough to justify it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. This is sweaty. This you. Where do you find the goal-setting thing?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, in there. In this one? Yeah, the bottom link.
Kyle Musca: Oh, free goal-setting link.
Meg Tovey: I just realised, though, I didn't realise their training-only programs were still on the link tree. Should I get rid of them?
Kyle Musca: Are these just self-sign-ups, are they?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I, yeah, I probably would, just because they're display price. Yeah, okay. Are these, like, um, what, are these, like, passive, like, when they...
Meg Tovey: Yeah. And then we, we... Usually we'll like, like it says it's all automated, but we'll get in the chat and try and get them onto a welcome call and then obviously turn that into a sales call and upsell it for coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because even that, even that, even that would be a good funnel to use. So like what I'm currently working on now is a break-even funnel, which is essentially, if you can just get them to cover, like let's say you build a four-week program, you just get this and just pop it. And then we just sell it for like $27 and we advertise around that essentially. But then you add check-in calls as an, like a free addition to it. And then that leads to it. Yeah, so ideally, if we could get that to work, like if you get a purchase for like, so the idea behind it is if you get a purchase for let's say $129. You've broken even on your front-end ad spend, which technically means you could spend a million dollars a month on advertising, which would obviously generate you a ton of leads. And then you just upsell on the back end.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, because when I did the masterclass funnel through ClickFunnels, they opted in for the masterclass and I had a, like, upsell page that was $29 for a four-week program. And obviously then, like, leading into the masterclass, I'd already, like, nurtured those people that had got upsells. Slash, I kind of already had an idea of how many people already spent some money.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Plus some of the ad spend.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's the value ladder. And that's where I kind of want to take, like, I always want to do the direct response to the staff, but I would like to get a lead magnet in there because it's just, like, less friction. Yeah, when you're dealing with an online space where you've just got so many people, like, massive influencers who have strong connections with people, it's kind of, like, hard to really... You know, separate yourself. So it's like, if you can give them like a lot of free value, then ideally they're so important to you at the end of it. So ideally, and they, again, it stacks like a value letter. So it's like, what we could do is masterclass, which then leads to, you know, let's say off the top of my head, we do how to lose your first five kilos. If you're a woman in the 30s, how to, whatever we call it, how to lose your first five kilos, you do your masterclass. And it's like, down below, you know, I've attached a program that's designed to get you to lose your first five kilos within the first month. All right. It's $27. And, you know, I'm going to throw on a free check-in call as well, or two free check-in calls or whatever. So then it's like, they're slowly transitioning through that value ladder. And then realistically, we should have have, we should have some sort of opt-in form from the very start.
Meg Tovey: So it's like, even if they don't sign up on that, you can still reach out to them, try and set them in. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I think we start off with the lowest friction thing possible, something that's free, masterclass, and then get them, like, from there. And then we can, like, potentially even look at adding that in. But that's good to know that you've already got that set up.
Meg Tovey: Yes, it's easier to kind of tweak and change and add new ones anyway on TrainerEye.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, and then this is even good as well. So, what is this? Can you pull up your screen and show me what the back end of that looks like?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because, like, again, from what you could do here is, like, you know, exactly what we were speaking about before. Like, if you're a woman in her 30s and you've got 20 plus kilos to lose, most of the time it's not, like, a structure problem. It's a goal and habit thing. That's why I put together this free goal setting thing. You know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. That's Wait, what do you want to see exactly? Actually, I just realised they're in two different places.
Kyle Musca: Just like what the actual goal setting guide is. Yeah, that resource.
Meg Tovey: Yep, it is. Oh, that's actually not it. Because that's for our clients, but there's one that's got the, like, call booking thing at the bottom. What is it? What is it? All right. Wow, my internet is really doing the most. Oh, got this. This is a video from my course that, like, our clients get that just talks about, like, why goal setting's important and how to do it right. And then it's, like, a fillable PDF.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Meg Tovey: So, like, the fitness, body comp, nutrition. Personal, professional, blah, blah, blah, and then this, and then book the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, perfect. I reckon.
Meg Tovey: I have run that as a funnel before, and it, like, just brought in so much, like, obviously high volume for sure, but don't know how the quality was, but, like, obviously I had a much different setup. And less help with the ads and stuff, so definitely happy to do it. I'm just mindful of, like, I don't want to, like, year, like, a back end of last year was the first year where I just literally focused on doing one thing really well, and it's, like, in December, I was, like, oh, , it's actually working. Yeah. So I'm mindful of, like, not getting, doing 100 things, but definitely, like, open to, yeah, trying it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. I think I'm, like, very, very big on the same thing as well. Um, I think with that, um, like I know the lead magnet stuff's like weird because it's like, it works. know it works. Um, like when I've run lead magnet stuff, it literally, I've ran it at half a cost per call as my actual direct response stuff. Um, but like, I've never had to really double down on it simply because my direct stuff does like really well on its own. Um, but I think like it, a hundred percent works. If you, I guess actually give it the time, like the time and attention it needs, you know mean? Um, cause it's easy to kind of chase the carrot with the direct response stuff. And if the direct response stuff works fantastically, it's like one, absolutely like a hundred percent double down on that. And then two, also get it to the point where it's like, you've kind of pushed it to the point where you've just got that whole process and really dialed in and it's quite automated. That's like, okay, now I can actually focus on opening up another stream. Um, so. But again, I think with the women you're dealing with, I think there's just a lot of like, I guess, skepticism around like just taking like the first step is like a big thing for them, right? So it's like, let's just make that step like really small and easy for them to take.
Meg Tovey: yeah, I don't know if it's just the time, like the time of year, but I have noticed like the last like, wait, I'll just show you because I don't have percentages or anything. But these are from, these are from like, that's from, when's this, December, like there's way more sold.
Kyle Musca: I also think, um.
Meg Tovey: Sorry, like, yeah, I don't know if it's just coming or if it's just all getting better and I'm getting better. I feel like I've  nailed all my objection handling now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that is another factor. Getting used to a cold audience sale, obviously, just takes some time.
Meg Tovey: This is that chick that's trying to pull out, and so is this one.
Kyle Musca: So I don't know about those two, but yeah, that's by more sales than previously. Looking at your account as well, it's funny. So you started like making like a lot of closes around that 11th of December. December, you started posting more of yourself on the 10th of December. Yeah, you know a or two.
Meg Tovey: Hey? You know a thing or two.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, the only like, yeah, organic is so weird because it's like, there's no, you can't track metrics on it. Like you can't, there's no metric to say that, okay, we started posting. Well, I guess there is, like when we look at that stuff, there is. But for example, like I know that that. That works is because I had another client in a similar position as yourself where he just wasn't really posting organic-style content very well or very good to a high degree. And it's like same experience. Like he was getting some calls booked in. All the conversion metrics were lower than they should be. And then he just like, he got Vaughn on to start doing more content for him. And he's consistently absolutely fine closing people now weekly. So they come on, they binge watch, they need to build that relationship with you. And then it's like, you come from a place of authority rather than just, who is this person?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. And the thing I'm curious is like, like I had this chick that I was meant to do a call with today and I had to reschedule her because I didn't realize that my  dad's birthday lunch was two and a half hours away. thought it was in Brisbane. And I couldn't, I can't fit her in tomorrow or Friday. So I'm like reaching. And again, I don't know if this is going to be a linear thing or if there's going to be less calls booked next week. I'm trying to like hope for the best. But, yeah, like when the time is to look at, I'm not saying it's now, definitely not, I'm not nearly at capacity, but when the time is to, like, outsource that, does that problem not just, like, arise again?
Kyle Musca: Because it's a random person setting it, booking it, I mean, closing it. It depends on the closer. So the closer, like, I'm not going to lie, the closer is by far the hardest hire you make in a business. Just because, like, yeah, a lot of them just are very money hungry. They're very, like, they're money, like, because there's just, the whole sales industry sells, again, the carrot, right? You can go into high-ticket sales and make 10K a month with no experience. It's super easy to do. So I purposely avoid hiring closers as much as possible just because it's a headache to do. But, yes, to answer your question, yes, to a degree, when you bring on a closer, you should expect. Conversion ratios to drop, which is why I think, like, when you're running a business, you should always be front and center of the sales yourself and only bring on a closer when you've got excess and you just, like, physically can't take more calls.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But then there's a whole process coming into that of, like, again, just adding in more personalization. So I still send them the voice notes in the morning of, like, I still make sure I'm, like, heavily in contact with them. It's just that the closer takes the call instead.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So what I reckon I'll do is I reckon we focus on, so the graphics are doing well, which is great. And then we're going to launch these new sort of organic style ones. There was eight and three, eight direct and three. Lead Magnum on top.
Meg Tovey: Um, something like that.
Kyle Musca: Do you have another filming session with Bourne coming up?
Meg Tovey: I booked it in for, before I got to Japan, so not for like five weeks.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: I kind of mapped out how much, like when it will run out. Because I, I filmed like there's another 10 that I didn't put in that folder for you that I don't have a CTA on them.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So next time you do it, um, with Vaughn, I guess this will give us some time, but you might even want to just like keep some direct ones in there, but like use the goal setting one as a, as a lead magnet, I reckon.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Um, I would see that working really well as well because it primes them to, you know, physically actually write out.
Meg Tovey: What their goals are and their their commitments commitments that, to it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Which puts them in a good, I guess, mindset to actually want to invest into it. But what I reckon I'll do is I might even write you some, I reckon we, yeah, I'll write you some scripts around just that goal setting resource in general. And then we'll just get some graphics as usual to double it up. And then we'll just test out the response on those.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, cool. I'll send you the script from that goal setting video that's from my course as well.
Kyle Musca: Is that the video in the file?
Meg Tovey: In my tone of voice and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, actually, yeah, perfect. Okay, awesome. If you, yeah. What is that filmed on? Is that on like YouTube or what is that actually on?
Meg Tovey: Thinkific.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Do you have the, like the original video?
Meg Tovey: I'd be able to find it somewhere.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you could do that, because then I can, I can download.
Meg Tovey: Download it and I'll extract the transcript out of it. I've got the script in a Google Doc.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Well, that's, yeah, that's way better.
Meg Tovey: It's only like two, three minutes, but yeah, I can send that through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. That'll act as a small BSL. Okay, fantastic. Well, what I'll do is I'll go make a Loom video now on the invoicing thing. And then I'll, yeah, let's get some stuff around the lead magnet and stuff and test that out.
Meg Tovey: Sounds good. Because, yeah, I can fill up some organic reels as well in the meantime before I, or if you want me to book in with Vaughan sooner, I can. I just did it then because I hate doing it. That's the latest possible time that I would need to do it. But if you want me to bring it forward, I totally can.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you might as well bring it forward. Because at the end of the day, you'll still have the same volume of content, but that way you just get it over and done a little bit earlier.
Meg Tovey: So I am biting, though, for real this time. So I'm like. Yeah. I'll be a bit leaner then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, fair. Yeah, I have the same problem. I'm like, I need more photos, but I have any. Okay, fantastic. Yeah, so, I mean, if you want to bring it forward, I'd encourage it, but, like, at the end of the day, it's not the end of the world. You'll probably have to get him around to do – maybe you can even ask him to split it, because, like, if we do some goal-setting ones, actual ads, you will need him anyway, so that maybe you film, like, three or four sort of organic-style ones, but around the goal-setting one specifically, and then maybe before you head off to Japan, you do another session or something like that. Up to you, how you go about it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I might do that, actually, because it was – we were both so over it, because we filmed 20.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I filmed three, and I'm like, I'm sick of this.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I think he was getting fed up, too, so, yeah, I'll ask him to split it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and I find the more sort of consistently you do them, like, the more frequently you do them, like, the – I guess the better you get, because it's more fresh in your mind, certainly. So if you want to say things differently.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. All right. Well, I'll get to work on all that stuff. And yeah, I'll get it back to you ASAP.
Meg Tovey: Cool. I'm going to put this script in the Google Drive with those ad videos. Or do you want me to send it on WhatsApp?
Kyle Musca: If you could. It's a Google Doc. Can you just send me the link on WhatsApp?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Awesome. Cool. All right. Well, I'll go film that Loom video for you now.
Meg Tovey: Thank you so much.
Kyle Musca: I'll talk to you soon. All good. See you. Bye.


>>> 57/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-08T02:45:30Z | id:112624994
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey man, how going?
Coen: Good brother, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good, how's your day been?
Coen: Good, busy, what about yours?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, pretty much the same, man. I'm like three hours behind us, so I can like chase my tail in the morning, but yeah.
Coen: How's tailing been in Thailand for?
Kyle Musca: Uh, got here on the 5th, yeah, the 5th, so it's been good to get back into some warm weather, not a cold day.
Coen: You're in, were you in Canada?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was in Canada up near Whistler for about a month, um, which is good, but yeah, just been in Queensland my whole life, so, yeah.
Coen: Yeah, I did, um, I did Whistler and BAM for a starter last year.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, yeah.
Coen: It sick, such a nice place.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, 100%, it's beautiful. Do you get out to so much?
Coen: Yeah, dude, I try to go at least once a year, so I did Canada last year, I did New Zealand. I'm to Japan the year before that. This year, I'll probably do Japan again, I'd say towards the end of the year, but yeah, try once a year if I can, Snowboard.
Kyle Musca: What about you? Yeah, I've been trying to do it. I did Austria last year and then Whistler this year. I was thinking going to Japan, but I think I need a break from the cold.
Coen: Dude, yeah, I'll get like that hay. I spend like three weeks there and I'm like, all right, I'm  done. Get me back to warm weather.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think three weeks is like peak. I was there for like the fourth week. was just so sick of it. was like, I need to go home.
Coen: But are you in Thailand for a bit?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, at least probably three weeks and then I might have to go back to Dubai to sort some banking stuff out, but then I want to come back after.
Coen: Yeah. Do you only spend, is it like six months or something a year in Dubai?
Kyle Musca: Nah, so when you're an Emirati, if you get a residence ID, all you have to do is just like enter the country once every six months.
Coen: So you could like literally fly in as a layover, walk out the airport and then keep going. You're good. you. Oh, what the ?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Coen: And you don't pay tax?
Kyle Musca: No, there's a 9% corporate tax, but that's only after 100 grand a year profit, so it's not just anything. And then you just pay yourself a wage and there's no income tax, so yeah.
Coen: The ? Yeah. And what about when you come back to Oz?
Kyle Musca: So you can spend up to six months a year on Oz as like a holiday type thing, but I'm probably going to cap it at like four months, I'd say, just to avoid. Because if you spend too long, then they can like order you. Yeah. But yeah, yeah, you can spend up to six months. was like, I'll just cruise around, go to Thailand for six months in Vietnam and Australia.
Coen: Yeah. And how long do you have to be out of, like, not have Australian, like, residency for you to not pay tax when you come back?
Kyle Musca: I think it's about three years.
Coen: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And you can kind of like re-enter and stuff, but.
Coen: And you don't pay tax when you re-enter?
Kyle Musca: No, no.
Coen: It's going to be.
Kyle Musca: yeah, you're just going to be careful about it because, like, Australia likes to get you anywhere they can.
Coen: But, yeah, I didn't really see myself doing much in Australia for the next three years anyway, so I was like, that's fine. it, why not?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man. All right, well, man, it's good to officially meet you. I've got a call in about 50 minutes.
Coen: So did you want to rip right into things, man? Yeah, so pretty much just after I was chatting to Coburn and he says, you help him a bit with his ads? I've never ran ads before. So it's something that I want to try and delve into this year a bit more. I feel like from, like, a business perspective, I've pretty much got my entire year completely mapped out. So I'm all sweet to go there. But it's just ads. I don't know. I've never set them, never utilized them. And I feel like it's just a massive, I guess, opportunity I'm not utilizing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely, man. And I guess, well, let's just, like, break it down from the scratch. We'll just say you are. And like, they're just this core is to learn a bit more about you and your business and everything like that. And at the end of the day, just to see if I can even help you. It's not something like I'm just wanting to take on like anybody and everybody with. I guess we'll start from scratch, man. How long have been coaching for?
Coen: Like, how long has your company been around for? Probably six or seven years, I'd say now.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, so quite a while. Yeah. Very much the same. You've got all the foundations and everything mapped out there properly.
Coen: Yeah, yeah. So, we've got a team of 12.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Coen: Nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And what does that consist of? Like, coaches?
Coen: So, yeah. So, it's got two VAs, a PA, and then I've got nine nutritionists or dietitians.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Nice one. Nice. And how many active clients do you have?
Coen: We have got active VIP clients. We've, at the moment, got 400...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. that's interesting. Okay, nice. And that's all organic then?
Coen: Yep. Yep. Organic. And then I've got a group coaching app as well, which is like just passive. And I think we have around three to 400 on that. And then another aspect of my business is e-books. me do around 250 grand a year with e-books.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Nice, man. Okay. Nice. And if you don't mind me asking, we'll just talk about the VIP stuff. What's sort of the price points that you've currently got there?
Coen: So we've just increased it again. Our ones for last year was 68 a week or 88 a week, nutrition or nutrition and training. Now we've gone up to 76 a week and 96 a week. This year?
Kyle Musca: This Okay.
Coen: Um, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And, and, okay. And just so I'm on the same page with you, man, like, what would, based off, again, just talk about the VIP stuff, what's your currently sort of monthly revenue sitting at?
Coen: Around just a bit over 100K a month.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Nice one. Nice. Okay. Yeah. And I guess you've been relying on things organically, man. Like, if you were to introduce ads and stuff like that, like, what would your sort of ideal monthly target be?
Coen: , man. I've got absolutely no idea. At the moment, I've got a sale for our eight-week coaching, which launches tomorrow. So we'll definitely hit 490 is my absolute limit for all of our coaches. So as of tomorrow, we'll be at capacity. And then I'm looking at hiring two more nutritionists or dietitians at the moment. So I'm happy just to keep scaling it. I've just gradually over the last three years just been building and building and building. But, man, more the better, I guess. like... For me at the moment, I guess no extra stress. Me having the amount of staff I have now compared to me having five more staff, it's literally the exact same. So I can scale it. I've got all systems in place to scale it. My PA is all over it, all over the setups and stuff like that. My main job is just like campaigning, doing obviously social media side of things and just making the bigger decisions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So yeah, that's good. So you're sort of more like focused on working on the business and being like stuck in it kind of thing.
Coen: Oh, 100%. Like I don't take clients or anything, haven't for a couple of years now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Okay. Beautiful. And man, I just like to get nice tangible numbers. Like what would your, what would you be stoked with seeing, you know, as a monthly sort of revenue?
Coen: I'd love to do one of my goals this year, I'm going to do 1.8 mil through the business. So that would be at the moment, let's say I'm doing 1.2 ish, 1.3 online for VIP. If I could do. I'm Mate, if I could do an extra $500,000, $600,000 for the year through VIP, I'd be stoked.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So $500 to $600,000. Okay. Nice, man. I think, like, with your audience and everything like that, and the fact that you're going have to build a total of 400 clients organically, and you've got all the foundations, man, ads is, like, just a capitalist, really. Like, if you've got all that stuff dialed in, that's where ads really work well. Yeah. Like, vice versa, if you don't, they're just a waste of money. Yeah. Yeah. Cool, man. Okay. And it doesn't really sound like you have any massive ones, but, like, what do you feel like is sort of the biggest bottleneck in your business at the moment?
Coen: Retention is something I definitely want every coach wants to work on, right? I understand the better you can, the more I can increase my retention rate, the more I can get out of per client from a revenue perspective. So that's something that we're always consistently trying to work on. We've got a fair few things in place with the performance reviews. We've things in with with the more got got got the got we've But that's something I definitely want to try and push a little bit more this year because I know, obviously, even if can save like 5% or get an extra two weeks out of each person, that's so much over the course of 12 months. So that's something that we've been actively trying to work on for the last six months or so. Our average retention rate at the moment, it's so hard because I've just gone and switched across to that new year, so it's not super, super accurate. I've had a look at the systems, but I'd say it's around 120 days with our eight-week minimum.
Kyle Musca: Okay, okay. Do you know the lifetime value on that, like actual?
Coen: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. And I guess out of everything you've tried in general, but like organically and everything, man, like what was the, was there anything that really stood out to you in terms of working really well for bringing in an influx of clients and increasing that revenue?
Coen: Yeah, for sure. think a massive thing that I'd really start... I incorporate pretty mid-last year. I just started doing eight-week challenges, but I've been running campaigns off that, doing priority lists, and then doing a drop. So an example would be whenever I run a campaign leading up to a challenge, I normally do two to three lead magnets. Based off that lead magnets, I have an auto-follow-up that goes through, hey, this is my priority list. I have a VSL page for that priority list. They look to see what the challenge is all about. There's no process on there. It's just a video of me going through everything. They sign up to the priority list, and they get sent an info pack. And obviously, when I sign up, I get all their details, the interest in the eight-week challenge. And then I get my two VAs to go through and just message every single person on that list. And that seems to be  doing really, really well. So I've done my priority list that I just did for this challenge. about to drop tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: I think I've been over 800 people on that priority list now.
Coen: So a lot of them have already, like, they're definitely, like, they're already... We sign the debits to start in the challenge. So we get to them a little bit early just so the coaches have time to set their clients up. So we've only got like 480, not even that, 60 spots tomorrow. So literally, it'll honestly sell out in like two minutes. Like it'll just sell out straight away, which is a shame because then I got to say no to people. We just weren't really super prepared. And you should have hired a couple more coaches for it. But it's a good thing because we just started doing this as our third one. And every single time we do one, it's just getting like bigger and bigger and bigger. And our systems are getting better and better and better. So I feel like that has been really good. It's the same service as my VIP.
Kyle Musca: So after eight-week minimum, it just keeps going week to week.
Coen: So we do retain a lot of clients based off that eight-week challenge. just stay on board long-term. So I feel like that's probably been the biggest thing for sure.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, awesome. How often are you running them like quarterly type thing?
Coen: Yeah, so this year we're doing quarterly. So every three months we'll run one. We have a one-month break. In that one-month break, I do a sale on my group. Coaching app. And then the opposite month, also do like a once-off e-book sale. So every single month, we push towards one certain area. That's kind of the layout. And then we do regular intakes, like every week, get inquiries, or every day we get inquiries for just regular one-on-one coaching, and they can sign up.
Kyle Musca: But I try and focus each month towards one of those three products. Okay. Okay, awesome. And I guess just so I'm aware, like what's your actual, I guess, sales funnel side of things? Is it like sell-by-chat?
Coen: Is it a self-sign-up? Or is it like a closing call-up thing? Sell-by-chat. So inquire by the website and the VAs reach out to them. On the website, we have literally like a heap of information so they know everything what's involved. There's no price on it as of this year. So they inquire, VAs reach out, answer any questions, and basically sign them on board from there.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. I got you. And I guess like maybe help me to understand like why you might be, why you might be looking at getting outside helpers instead of just, you know, trying. Figure out ads on your own, like I guess most coaches end up doing.
Coen: For sure. Well, I mean, I know you can waste so much money on ads, right? And I've got no idea how to do them. And I don't have the time to be looking up and trying to learn all that stuff. I'd rather learn from someone who's actually done it before, and they're basically not just going to piss my money down the drain, if that makes sense. Yeah, okay. I know so many people that have just spent thousands and thousands and got no return.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay. So you kind of want to just like, I guess, bypass that and just get someone that's experienced in there. So you can just keep focusing on, you know, generating content that's going to bring those clients in that type of thing.
Coen: Pretty much, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, okay. I guess besides, you know, someone just to help sort of like manage the ads and everything like that, like, let's say you and I would sit down and just really map everything out, you know, step by step in terms of, I guess, one, the amount of time that you actually have available, the structure and support you need with that, or even just like the... Resources you'd like me to provide. What do you really feel like you would need from someone like me in order to scale the business and run the ads properly?
Coen: I don't know because I don't know what's involved really with the ads. I guess direction, I don't know how ads work. I know you would send out multiple ads and then you see which one's performing better and you retarget certain audiences. I don't know how to do any of that and I don't know from a performance. I mean, could work it out, like performance perspective, what ads do better, but I don't know in terms of, I guess, the creative aspect of the ad as well because I haven't ran ads before. I'm assuming it's very similar. It's quite direct and then you have a call to action at the end, but yeah, I've never done it before. So I guess a bit more of the creative aspect, what type of ads I should be doing that will perform the best and what audience I should be pushing that ad towards. I've got like an okay size email list and it's quite engaged. So I know that can help. And obviously, we have the live CRM system, so you can always draw data from that. But I think that's probably the biggest thing.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. So ideally, does someone help to, I guess, refine the messaging and the placement of it just so you can maximize the result from it?
Coen: Yeah. And actually get results from it, I guess. And trying to work out like off the ad. So I know per, I don't even know the wording for it, but however much money you spend, how much we actually get profit back.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So the, yeah. Like the retirement investment type thing.
Coen: For sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I got you. And I guess just to bring back, like bring things back to where they're at right now, how long have you sort of been thinking about, you know, diving into the world of ads?
Coen: Um, I've thought about it for years, to be honest with you, but I just haven't really, I don't know. I feel like I haven't really needed. Needed them that much. But I feel like if I can get better at ads, I don't have to push myself as hard online and I don't have to be the only person relying on the business. I'm front-facing, right? So if I want to step back slightly, I want to know that there's still traffic going out there. It's just less pressure, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And that's the thing with, like, ads is, like, they, like, for me, for example, like, to keep my organic really organic and then I just, like, let my ads bring all the leads in. So, like, allows you to sort of keep that really strong relationship with your audience without trying to, like, constantly sell. And then, yeah, just, like, allowing yourself to take that step back. Like, when I was in Canada for that month, I didn't really film any content or anything like that, but, like, the calendar was still booked out every single week. Yeah. Yeah, it can definitely help in that perspective. I guess, okay. Okay. So, to be honest, like, it's pretty straightforward. Like, you've got all the foundations and everything. You've got all the funnels refined. You've got all the resources you need to run ads and your content's great as well. So, yeah, I definitely think that ads would just be like a really good addition to your business. I guess basically what I can do, man, is I can run you through how I can help you with all that if that's cool with you.
Coen: Yeah, for sure, dude.
Kyle Musca: Go for it. Yeah, cool, man. So essentially, man, like the way I like to think of it is not really like a mentorship type of thing. don't want to work with guys that, you know, like coaches that, you know, need sort of mentoring. I want to work with someone who's already established, they've already got their business, they've already got the structures, and they're already sort of content-focused because if you don't have the organic content side of things dialed in, then the ads just, you know, piss money down the drain, which is why, you know, fantastic you've got all that. Essentially, I want to think of it as like a bit of a partnership where you and I just sit down, we sort out these marketing campaigns, which you've already got in place, and we just focus on like maximizing the return from them, right? Now, what I like to do, man, is I like to sit down and really understand who... Your audience is, you know, what messaging really resonates with them and how can we really sort of maximize the amount of lead flow, but not just, you know, junk leads, actually people that have intent on, you know, getting help. So you can focus your attention on the ones that are higher intent, if that makes sense.
Coen: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Definitely. Perfect, man. So, yeah, essentially, like, what we would do is every single week, we'd sit down and sort of, like, map out what the, like, the next big domino is and how can we knock that down to keep, like, moving the needle forward, right? On top of that, men would be speaking pretty much, like, daily, if need be, to make sure that, you know, all the ads are effective, that they align with you and your brand and your audience. And I guess, like, you have all the, I guess, support and the resources you need to feel confident that they're actually working and moving things in the right direction, right? Does that sound good so far?
Coen: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. So, basically... Typically what I help with men is just like the messaging. So like I'll sit down and I'll basically create all your creators for you and then, you know, hand them off to you. And then you basically, all you need to do is just go record them and actually make the videos. And then I'll run all the ad structuring and manage and scale them with you and then just keep you in the loop of what's happening and sort of like also inform you of why it's happening so you can get a better understanding for yourself.
Coen: For sure. Yeah. It's definitely, I definitely want to learn a bit as well with it for sure. So I feel like it's a good learning process too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. It's a bit of a head .
Coen: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, cool. So yeah, essentially, man, that's like pretty much like there's, you know, for other coaches that aren't in a position that you're at, there's definitely other stuff I help with. But my ultimate goal is just to kind of get people to the point where it's very streamlined. You and I just chat about the little things that we need to put in place and what our next steps are. And then we just go, go away and.
Coen: And just keep scaling from there. Yeah. From a profit perspective with ads, know everyone's would be different, but what's the kind of return that you do get on ads on average?
Kyle Musca: So it really depends on your offer and how you structure things and what the ultimate goal is, right? So I like to go kind of like direct response copy. And realistically, like if it's pumping well, I'd like to see a bare minimum of a six return on investment. So for every dollar you put in, get about $6 in return. Ideally, I like to get it between eight to 10. And that comes down to one, the messaging and your relationship with the audience. But it can be, you know, even above that if things are really, really performing well.
Coen: Yeah. Cool. Sweet. Is there a limit with ads? So like obviously that there would be, but do you hit that limit in terms of like ad spend for return? the besides? What's Per ad? Like, what do you normally encourage people to spend on an ad or a campaign?
Kyle Musca: So it just depends on, like, the individual itself. So for example, so basically how the ads work is they're an auction, right? So you're competing for the same audience and, like, at the end of the day, there is, like, a little bit of a strong arm effect. So it's, like, if you can afford to spend more, and this comes down to your cost to acquire a client and lifetime value, but you can literally, like, strong arm your competition out of competition. And that's why you'll see, like, a lot of people, well, one, because they don't know how to set it up and do it properly. You'll see a lot of people, like, they'll pop up in your ads feed, you know, for, like, a week, and then you, like, never see them again. It's just simply because, like, they didn't have it structured properly. And the fact that they just couldn't afford to keep auctioning for that, I guess.
Coen: It's not engaged league, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. There are a lot of different factors coming to play there. But, yeah. Yeah. Does that sort of answer your question?
Coen: Yeah, no, that does make sense. Definitely makes sense.
Kyle Musca: In terms of like, can you, is there a limiting factor to how much you can spend? Not necessarily. There is creative fatigue. And this is why like audience targeting and everything is really important to make sure you're not overlapping. But not, it's not necessarily like I've spent, you know, on average, I spend about five to eight grand a week on ads. Um, and, you know, I've had to actually like dial that down just because if I were to keep pushing it, I'd have to bring on like more clothes and everything like that. I'm just a bit of a headache and I won't do that. Um, but no, as long as the messaging is right, you've got a good campaign and everything.
Coen: No. Okay, cool. Sweet. It'd just be a matter of me making sure before we do that, I have staff that can take on more clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And even, even with that, man, like I can, um, help you run. I mean, I don't know how difficult it is for you to find coaches, but I can help you run. Like I've ran ads for coaches who are looking for coaches. And for like $200, got like 30 high-quality applications.
Coen: Oh, cool. Sweet. Yeah, for sure. I did a form on my Instagram page the other day and had a few. It's just you probably know what it's like. It's so hard to find some good coaches. Normally, the good ones are doing their own thing, so it's so tricky.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I usually find like coaches are one of the easier hires in the business. Yeah. Because there's plenty of coaches out there that are good coaches. They're just not good marketers, if that makes sense.
Coen: And like if you just find someone that's experienced that, then they're usually pretty content in working within the business. But I'm sure you'd know that for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, man. Well, yeah, that's pretty much the gist of it. Did you have any like sort of, I guess, questions for me on any of that stuff?
Coen: Not really. What's your fees?
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, it depends on like the different packages and everything like that. But, you I do have like sort of like an agent. I don't really like to go down too much. That's more like someone's got a massive, massive business and they need someone to come in and like overhaul absolutely everything. Now, usually that'd come out to be about 10,000 a month, but I just don't think that it's going to be necessary for you. You've got a really good foundation and everything like that. And you're still sort of front and center in the business, but you're not wearing every hat, which is really good. So that would bring us on to the sort of core package that I like to run with, which suits coaches like yourself really well. We do have that foundation and then just need someone to, I guess, partner with them to make sure that they can maximize the return when they do step into the world of ads. So essentially, I've got two options for that, man. One is if you want to just go for a flat rate, that would just be 5K a month. Otherwise, if you wanted to go for more of a performance rate, what we could do is we could do 3K a month and then a 10% revenue share of anything that I bring in. So if it's organic, like I don't touch it. If it's from the ads. Then it's a 10% revenue share, over $20,000 a month.
Coen: Yeah. Can you, over 20, 10%, over $20,000?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like the first 20 per month. So it resets every month. If I bring in less than $20,000 additional revenue from ads specifically, there's no additional 10% on that. Over that, that's where the 10% kicks in.
Coen: Yeah. Okay. I get you. I get you. Is there from, , it's so hard for me to even guess which one to choose, so I don't know how ads are going to go. From, I'm trying to think, is there once, if I were to commit to one, would I, is it like a minimum?
Kyle Musca: So I don't do minimum terms, man. One, I'm not like an agency or anything like that. But I'm more so focused on working with the right people and just being sort of, again, very front and centred. Myself, don't want to scale it massively and build out massive teams or anything like that. So it's not minimum terms, if I'm not making your return or you don't think it's worth it, then I'm not going to sort of force you to stay.
Coen: Yeah, cool, cool. Sweet. Beautiful. Yeah, well, it's definitely something I'm 100% interested in, especially if I can get, I mean, if it's profitable and it doesn't mean I need to hire 1,000 people to make it profitable, then it'd be stupid for me not to do it right. But one thing I would just have to do is just make sure I have the right coaches and everything in place before I were to go down that road because I'm about to eat capacity. So it'd be something that I'd probably have to spend like a month or so to actually set up a couple of new coaches and get things dialed in and then we'll be able to flow leads on from that. But 100%, definitely something that I'm definitely interested in for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. How sort of difficult is it for you to find sort of quality coaches?
Coen: Um, I'm super picky just because we do, when we get a coach, we do literally unload. They do everything essentially. And we have quite a... Close-knit team. Normally, like we do, we've never not found a coach, but normally it takes three to four weeks to find like a couple of good ones. Our last application, we had 20 people apply and we picked one out of that. So just be a matter of us just like, yeah, doing another post again, getting contact with everyone, doing interview process, and then picking one from there. It's not too difficult. I just want to make sure before, because I've done it before, I've hired one person before, and then because I was desperate, and then they were just useless, and it's just more work, more time on my end. So I'm like, stuff that, I'm not doing any of that  again. I'd rather get someone who's actually decent and then take my time with it, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely, man.
Coen: Absolutely. But we've already talked about it, like it's in the process now. I've just did a call to action yesterday for it. So fingers crossed. There's one girl that may be on board who can start in four weeks' time, but I'm yet to interview her. So I'll interview her. I'll send her some clinical questions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Well, there's an option there too. And if like you want to sort of try and get as many applications as possible, we can always just target coaches and basically run what you're doing on your stories. Again, that's where the interest targeting comes into play, man. We can literally just target coaches that would be interested in that.
Coen: Yeah, cool. Yeah, sweet. I'll have a look through these leads that applied yesterday and then I'll let you know because that could be an easy way to do it too.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yeah. And then just as a response there, I'm not sure if you know, do you know Jesse and Kiana? Kiana, you know Shields Fit by Chance?
Coen: They're on the Gold Coast. I've seen their, I've seen their name before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So like they were looking for a coach and we ran an ad for them and it was like 200 bucks on the ad and they had like 30 applications within a day.
Coen: That's pretty decent. Did they hire from that, from those 30?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yes. Yeah, they hired from that. Cool. And it's been a really solid hire from what I know from them. So, yeah. Completely up to you, but option is there. Anything else that I could sort of clear up just to make sure, you know, you've got all the information you need, man?
Coen: I don't think so, dude. It all makes sense. I mean, yeah, is there... No, yeah, it all makes sense to me. I've got no real questions. If I do, I'll definitely shoot them your way, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect. And, yeah, I usually don't like making any, you know, harsh, harsh guarantees, but, like, with the audience size, the engagement, everything like that, man, like, that's when you just turn ads on and it can rapidly, rapidly scale. Yeah. Also, another thing...
Coen: Sorry, I was to say, so you reckon in terms of, like, my business and where ads got potential to have a good return with ads?
Kyle Musca: Oh, 100%. Yeah. Yeah. Like, the ads are very much... Like, you don't need... It's not to say that you need a massive following to run out as well, but, like, it... very much relies on how good the organic content is. So basically, the way ads work really, really well is because the algorithms will go find people that have shown intent in your product and service. There's things we'll implement to refine that over time, so the algorithm actually works in its favor. But it brings in – so not only will it target your audience that sort of already knows you and is more intent, it will also bring in cold audiences that haven't seen you before, and basically what they'll do is they'll go onto your Instagram page naturally, and they'll just start, like, stalking your entire feed. So if you've got really good organic content there, then it just sort of, like, steamrolls them into it.
Coen: Like, it quickly turns them into a really nice, warm lead. Yeah. Yes. Beautiful. And how would we – if we were to do it, how would we track the difference between organic clients closed and then ads clients closed? Because we do text, not calls.
Kyle Musca: Yes. Yes. So do you do text through SMS?
Coen: No, we just do Instagram email mainly. And then there is an SMS that does automatically go out. So it's any of the three. So I get the, as soon as a lead comes through, I literally get our, that automatic text gets sent. They get sent email and IG pretty much as soon as possible.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So, I mean, it'd be pretty simple.
Coen: Essentially, what will happen is, have you got many chats that are? No, I use Go High Level.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. So pretty similar. What we do is, so I put a conversion API. So what we'll do is we'll, I'm sure you've probably, you're using Go High Level, basically use that flow as a qualification thing. So, and then what I'll do is I'll attach a conversion API on the back end of quality people. So like quality leads, qualified leads. And then that will feed that information back into the algorithm. So, one, on an ad scaling perspective, I'll be able to see which ads are actually, like, So, Pulling in good quality leads, because this is a bit of a side rabbit hole, but meta is very big on like kind of looking good on paper, because a lot of people don't actually understand what they're looking for. So it's generic one is set to cost per result. And that's basically anyone that will click on the lead. So it doesn't matter if it's a missed click, doesn't matter if it's someone in high school who doesn't have a job, meta is like someone clicked on that, we're going to charge him, we did our job. The conversion API basically is at the back end of the flow to say, this person is an engaged conversation, and they're qualified. So they're working full time. They're actually, you know, people we want to speak to. So one, we have to see that and scale it. That's really important from a short term perspective, because I've seen it at like cost per result of like, let's say $20 per message, where the cost per lead on the back end of that was $200. So an actual qualified person. So it can be a massive discrepancy. It's really, important. And then as a long term play, that conversion API will send that information back. And say like, this is who I want to target.
Coen: Keep finding more people like this. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Makes sense. So yeah, like it refines it over time. But that's basically how we would differentiate who's come from where is we would just add different tagging on the back end of that.
Coen: And we could easily say like, you've sold this many from ads and you sold this many organically. Yeah. Cool. Sweet. Yeah. I was just wondering how that would work. Beautiful. Easy as bro.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool, bro. So yeah, I guess just somewhere on the same page, how are sort of feeling about all that?
Coen: Yeah, definitely. I'll have a think about it, but it's definitely, man, I mean, it's going to make me money and it's going to, the biggest, I guess, the only thing that I would be worried, not worried about, that would be something that would be a flag for me, would be me having to hire more. And then after paying the coach, paying your fee, paying ad spend, it actually. Being worth my time. not like the stress, stress for time and profit thing is something that I'm massive on. And if it's not financially worth the stress, then you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: It's not worth it.
Coen: So that'd be the biggest thing, just knowing how much after all spend, what I'm actually getting and if that would actually be worth it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. And one, appreciate you bringing that up because that's an important conversation to have. That is other. So not only will I help you with the ads and stuff, man, I'll help you with like, like running different funnels and everything like that. So for example, in my business, for that very reason, I do tend to go a little bit higher ticket, which allows you to sort of like, and this is a different conversation, but whether you want to sell by chat or you want to realistically, it closes at only about 10%. So if you want to increase your rates by 10%, but like you said, you're just doing a bit over a hundred grand a year, a month there with over 400 clients. So for example, My business has probably about 180-plus clients doing about the same ratios. So that's where the profit margins, in terms of revenue and everything like that. So that's where the kind of like profit margins, everything like that, and structuring the funnel properly makes it make sense to do that. Because otherwise, you're right, you kind of bleed yourself dry if the profit margins aren't there.
Coen: For sure, definitely.
Kyle Musca: And that would just be a conversation. And looking at the numbers as well to make sure that, because sell-by-chat absolutely works. Like, you can see that with COVID and Hattie's account. They scaled that to over 100 grand in three or four months.
Coen: Yeah. Yeah, and they're, I'll just chat to COVID, I'm super close with him, but they run ads pretty heavy, hey?
Kyle Musca: Not so much now, because they brought on Millie, and they're sort of like focusing Millie's organic audience.
Coen: Which is nuts.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Coen: That's crazy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, but like that three to four month period where they scaled really rapidly, like was a It's to do with ads, as well as Coen's just a bit of a dog on the organic side of things in the DMs, man.
Coen: He spends a lot of time in it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, absolutely workhorse that guy on the DMs. Yeah. I don't know. I look at, like, one message and I'm like, you know, I'm  sick of this.
Coen: Yeah. Fair for that.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Beautiful. And then, yeah. And then, again, another rabbit hole, but that's, I also have with a lot, like, all the scripting, the entire process from, like, the first point they see right to the entire, until they sign up, essentially.
Coen: Yeah. Easy as. Beautiful. Yeah. Would you help me, like, help crunch those numbers to work out what the actual profit would be per client?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Well, it would be hard to say until we identify what your cost per acquisition really is. And then, also understanding the lifetime value. So, for me, for example, my lifetime value of my client is about two and a half grand on average. So, and that's, again, coming back into the conversation of being able to strong arm your competition. Out of competition is because, and this is probably going to be kind of, you know, something that might interest you, is when you do get into these higher sort of price points, and I'm not saying like ridiculous high, that it's just unreasonable for most people to be able to afford. But so for example, my core package is 2K for three months, right? When you get into those higher profit points, your profit margins are obviously a lot better, but you can actually downscale your team. So you end up working with fewer people, there's less moving parts in the business, but you still profit more, you just get a lot more time back.
Coen: Yeah, no, that makes complete sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and again, if you want to chat about how to sell that, that's where I can help with as well.
Coen: Would you say if I was to do that, I'd have to change what I'm offering, like everything?
Kyle Musca: No, not at all. So the reason I like really doing that is, one, a lot of it's just biopsychology. At the end of the day, I don't charge weekly because it's harder to get into those price points. Points, because people are thinking very logistically. So $2,000 for three months, for example, is $166 a week. If I framed it $166 a week, very few people would buy it on it. So $2,000 for three months just sounds a lot better. But no, you don't really need to change much at all. You don't need to change anything, really.
Coen: Yeah. Yeah, cool. Sweet. Beautiful, mate. I appreciate your time, hey?
Kyle Musca: No worries, man. If you do have any questions, just let me know.
Coen: Otherwise, don't rush the hire of a coach, for sure.
Kyle Musca: And yeah, when you're ready to look into it a little bit more, man, just let me know and we can tear it up. Too easy, mate. You're definitely here for me. Perfect. Awesome, man. All right, I'll leave you back to it. I'll chat to you soon. See you, mate. Yes, bye.


>>> 58/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-08T05:51:52Z | id:112633170
People: Kyle Musca

Morgan’s iPhone: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, how going?
Morgan’s iPhone: Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. How was your morning for me?
Morgan’s iPhone: My, um, Christmas news, good. God, I feel like, um, all of a sudden it's the first week of January, I'm like, what the  just happened? But it's always like that.
Kyle Musca: How was your Christmas? Where are you right now? Are you in Canada? Um, no, I'm in Thailand, so I got to go to Canada on the third. Spit over being in the cold.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, it would have been freezing. Was it snowing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I was just like, I've always been in Queensland, so having to throw on like three different layers just to walk outside got old pretty quick.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, no, people think it's really cool, and then you do it, and then you're like, nah, actually, it's just cold. Yeah, I feel like two or three weeks is something to be, sick, but like, I there for a month, and I was like, I'm over this. Yeah. Well, now you're in the hot, so that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. All right. Well, we'll dive into things. I guess, where are you sort of at with everything at the moment in your business?
Morgan’s iPhone: Everything's pretty just, like, low. I was just thinking about it before. Like, probably nothing has happened since the last time I spoke to you, except for, like, just maintaining or trying to maintain clients and that. But I haven't really signed, like, literally haven't signed anybody and done anything. But I haven't really been posting any CTAs or anything. I was just thinking I haven't done the ad scripts or anything like that either because we sort of just got back into it and I haven't, I just haven't had the chance. And I don't know if I need to get Vaughan to do them or if I can do them myself. Callum was saying that we'd probably just do them. The ourselves, the, um, on the camera, the ones that, because he had done them, his, I think he did them himself. Hmm. I don't remember. But anyway, yeah, I haven't done the ad scripts, but need to film the ads. Um, but that's it.
Kyle Musca: I haven't really done anything to be fair. Yep. Yeah. First week back into it. That's okay. Um, yeah. So the sooner we get the videos done, the better. Uh, I would always recommend with the videos, at least like your professional quality camera. Um, and then whether you want to get, uh, Vaughan to help you film that, or you want to do it yourself, completely dealer's choice there. Um, Vaughan's good at, like, have you worked with Vaughan before?
Morgan’s iPhone: Nah, but I know him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. He's really good at, like, directing things. Um, and he's also good at, like, making sure you say it in the right tonalities and everything like that. So, um, it is completely up to you, but one, if it's an accountability factor and you feel like he'll help you sort Like, get it done by actually scheduling a time that might be worth it. But also, too, you know, it might even be worth just doing it the first time just so you can, like, sort of get a feel for what he will be looking out for because he's, yeah, again, good behind the camera. But it is dealer's choice. I'm pretty sure Kyle just, yeah, sort of set up the camera and, like, sat down and spoke directly to it. And then what we can do there is we can just get editors, and that's, like, 20 USD per video or something like that. And we only need, like, three videos edited. So, between 60 to 100 USD, depending on the hooks. But, yeah, that would sort of that.
Morgan’s iPhone: Vaughn will edit, well, he will get his editors to do it, too.
Kyle Musca: Hey, it might just be easier to do that. Yeah, it's a little bit more stream. It's, like, it's hands-off that way. And then, yeah, we've got everything. Good news is we've got pretty much everything set up from what we, like, sort of left off last time. It would just be about getting that sort of ball rolling. Yeah. Is there anything that you... You wanted to specifically discuss or chat about?
Morgan’s iPhone: No, I've sort of just been a bit like in limbo with like, oh, just everything. So I just need to sort of get the ball rolling, really, because I feel like I had comp and then I was so over it after comp. And now it's just sort of like trying to get back into the rhythm of the sales calls. But no, not really. There's not really anything, to be fair. Like, I know I just need to film the ads and then once we can get the ads up and rolling. But, yeah, I don't really think there's anything. I didn't, I couldn't think of any questions before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, it's a pretty, it's a pretty straightforward process. What I want to do is like, I want to put all our eggs in just getting that basket, because we need the creative material to really do anything. can't get the ball rolling until we have that. And then what I think we'll do is once that is up and running. right. Then we'll focus on, you know, some sales stuff if and where you need it. And then also just like organic, because you've got a big audience and you get good engagement on your Instagram and everything like that. So it's like there's definitely room to leverage that as well. And they kind of, they do coincide with, you know, if you're focusing on your organic content, then the ads just sort of like catalyze that, that helps improve them. So we'll, focus on that as well, just to try and bring you some organic leads, but just one step at a time. Does that make sense?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, definitely. I think I, we've been seeing that with Kyle's as well. Like the more he, like the better his posting is going, it's all gaining traction.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. And, and with the organic side of things, it doesn't have to be like what Kyle's doing is fantastic because it's like he's selling his physique. Like we spoke about doing the more like not as much like necessary. totally educational, but the coaching one. So, for example, we spoke about his back and arm day or something like that, the video he did, where it was just a simple voiceover type thing. And him and similar to yourself, the physique is going to sell itself. So as long as you can just sort of like show that you're, I guess, an authority in the space, that will handle itself absolutely fine.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And then, again, what I'm doing with Kyle is pretty much going to be very similar to what I want to do with you. Get the direct response sorted first, because that's going to be the bread and butter. That's going to be the quickest return on investment. And then what we'll do is we'll focus on integrating your organic content with more sort of like lead magnet stuff, just to even increase lead flow. And then we may even look at getting ad spend put on that, but we need to make sure that the direct is paying off first before we focus on that.
Morgan’s iPhone: Otherwise, we'll spread ourselves too thin. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Does the... The lead magnet stuff is like free resources and stuff. Hey, and is that the goal for that to get them in the DMs? Like, is it all just to everything we do still to get them in the DMs?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the lead magnet stuff works because it's like, it's designed to open up more volume of leads. But then the downside is there's lower intent behind them. So that's why I like to get the direct stuff done first. But if you do do the lead magnet stuff well, like I've had, like, periods where I've focused on lead magnet stuff, it's actually reduced my cost per call by half. So, like, it was actually half as expensive to get a lead magnet on the phone than it was an actual direct push once. But again, then you have to take in the conversion ratios after that of, like, close rates because, again, it's, you know, less intent. That's why I think focus on the direct stuff first. And then, realistically, like... I've still got your client avatar, but we're ideally really just focusing on, because we had a lot of younger girls come through last time, didn't we?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which I think that's...
Morgan’s iPhone: Don't want.
Kyle Musca: Nah. So that's where I think the video ads will come in to play a bit more. And then there's been a bit that's changed since you were last on board, so the ad structure's changed as well. And we'll qualify a little bit harder this time as around as well, just to sort of, like, weave them out. But, yeah, that's pretty much the first step, and I don't want to overwhelm us too much. I just want to get that creative stuff done, and then the rest can flow on afterwards, if that makes sense.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah, well, I don't think anything changed on my behalf. I think, like, the younger, kind of, like, super Gen Poppy style, like, I was thinking I could sort of tackle that, but I don't really want to. Like, I think I'm more of a coach. That works well. Same with Kyle. Like, people that are already relatively committed. I think, like, the young sort of people that are just, like, completely not in the fitness world, it's hard for me. So, yeah, I reckon try and avoid that. But, yeah, I don't think anything else has changed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Did you have a chance to read through the ad scripts here?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, I actually was just reading it just before when I opened into WhatsApp. I don't know why I can't get into WhatsApp on my computer. Oh, the, wait, the video or the written ones?
Kyle Musca: Both, but more so the video scripts.
Morgan’s iPhone: Oh, yeah, no, I read the video one. I didn't read the one that you just sent me. But, yeah, I liked, I'm just opening it now, like, the, where it's, where you sort of said, like, as an IFB. I've seen both sides of the journey. Like, I like that, like, Target kind of vibe and sort of being able to be like, I'm a pro bodybuilder, like, I know what I'm doing as well, rather than just sort of being, like, completely, I don't know, out of it, if that makes sense. But, yeah, I can properly read through them because I haven't really properly read through them. I just skimmed them. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So with them, I put a lot of focus on sort of, like, trying to refine the messaging so we, like, really draw out the right type of person for it. But at the end of the day, you're going to be the one that really knows that audience and demographic to the best. So feel free to, yeah, jump in there, reword it a little bit if you want to, and then go from there.
Morgan’s iPhone: So, yeah, I think they'll be fine because I feel like I don't even know what to say anyway. So, but. That's better, like, just saying, like, as a pro or, like, whatever, I think that works.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then it would just be a matter of, like, when we can get them filmed. Do you know it's sort of like a rough ETA you reckon you'd be able to get them done by?
Morgan’s iPhone: We go away tomorrow. We're in Sydney for until next week. But I can contact Vaughn and see if he can film them early next week.
Kyle Musca: And then I don't know however long he takes to edit them.
Morgan’s iPhone: But I could probably get them filmed, like, when we get back on Tuesday. So Wednesday, maybe, I guess. And then I can see how long it will take him. Yep, okay. Yeah, we go, we're in Sydney tomorrow till Monday night. So I could probably just try and get it done as soon as I get back. But I can message Vaughn pretty much, like, right now.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect. What we might do in that case, then. Sorry. When do you say you get back?
Morgan’s iPhone: Wednesday? No, we get back Monday night.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay.
Morgan’s iPhone: So I could try and get them filmed Tuesday or Wednesday, depending on Vaughn's availability, and then however quick he can, like, whatever his turnaround is, we'll be from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, cool. So what we'll do there is, I reckon, in the meantime, just get the graphics done first. Similar to last time, just making them, like, look like nice Instagram stories. Yeah. And then, again, that's up to you. Do you still have the, sort of, example ones? I'll pull them up.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So.
Morgan’s iPhone: They're, like, Kyle's ones, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. So, yeah. I'll pull them up. know. Yeah, Kyle's ones are good to. Or even my ones. All So yeah, you don't want them looking crazy wordy or anything like that, but you do want to, so just try and change the color schemes around and everything like that so each one looks, you know, completely different. You don't want them to sort of look the same. But yeah, they're pretty simple, to be honest.
Morgan’s iPhone: Like, they're nothing designed to be simple. Do you want the photos, sorry, do you want the photos, like, really body-focused? Like, physique? Or just, like, normal?
Kyle Musca: Try a mix of different things, and then try and, like, resonate it with what it's actually talking about. So, like, if you say, you know, you're talking about, like, feeling confident in a bikini, for example, obviously bikini photos are going to, you know, work well. So just, like, try and get it to reflect what you're talking about. If you're talking about lifestyle, then it might be, like, you know, you eating or something like that.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And then just to make sure just to avoid that, like, bottom gap there, because you can see that. That's where that send message button will sit. So you just want to kind of avoid that whole one-third of the thing.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, avoid bottom-third. Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. And, yeah, that's pretty much it. They're pretty simple. And I want to keep things, like, really, really nice and simple for right now and just get those, like, sort of core, sort of, you know, actions in place of what is actually going to, you know, bring leads through the door.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, yeah, which is pretty much just ads, and then we just do that, and we do what we were doing before, Clemé, ManyChat, et cetera.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that, yeah, that's all set up nicely. And then what we'll do, have you been sort of posting my chat? On your organics, organic side of things?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, on like just my Instagram?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, I try and post every day. But more like stuff to try and drive towards the podcast at the moment. But I can do obviously a little bit more coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it doesn't have to be like coaching, coaching specifically. Even like this video here where we're like morning routine, that seems to have done well, which is good. Like a good thing to do is just kind of come in and reflect on like and kind of order your own content on what's sort of pushed harder. So, you for example, this is our obviously high view sort of post. And then I would just look at, I would look at.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, I think I'm struggling at the moment, because, like, I had, obviously, comp time, and I think ever, like, since the comp, I've tried to sort of pivot away from, like, really heavy bodybuilding content, like, especially posing content, and I'm sort of, like, at a bit of a loss of, like, what's to post, but also what's working, because I think my audience is, not really, like, I don't know, they're used to, like, posing stuff, and I feel like everything I'm posting now is kind of flopping, but I think it's just a bit of a transition time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I've noticed there is, and we'll have a look at that right now, is it, Instagram seems to, like, really cotton on to the style of content that works well for you. So, for example, like, the reaction videos do well for me, but, like, when I do, let's age. I've done the last one. But if I do a, you know, a fitness, you know, something like this, for example, something like that, it doesn't go anywhere near as well. Even if it's got same engagement ratios, Instagram just doesn't seem to like that style of content on my account. Whereas you can, you know, immediately see that the engagement rates are completely different, like in terms of, if I went on Reels, the actual view side of things, the view ratio is massively different. So yeah, what I would do is when you're posting, just like simple little CTA things. So for example, and I always like to, I like to use the emojis because I find that really stand, like makes it stand out, but like make sure that the CTA on the actual post does stand out and make sure it's just really nice and clear. Because otherwise, if you've just got this captioned and then like, you don't really use anything to make the CTA stand out, it very easily gets hidden. So you just want to, like, plug those everywhere you can, especially because if a video goes viral, like, you can get a ton of organic leads just off that. But, you the last thing you want to do is a video actually do quite well, and then there's just no call to action, so people never follow up from it. So, yeah, like, yeah, under this, you might want to be like, you know, want to eat foods like this and lose weight, go apply for coaching. Yeah. Very, very simple. It doesn't have to be anything much. But in terms of what you were talking about, if we can do, yeah, reels, is this more so the posing sort of thing?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, if you go down, like, a little bit further, go down, there'll be, like, some posing ones that got, like, 500,000 views, a little bit further than that, pretty much. Like, through in this little section, probably in a little bit down, like, that one where you can see the walking don'ts, and then, like, that one's really good, and then... And under that, yeah, like 500K, like, all my posing ones would pop off because it was just, like, posing tutorials. And then I feel like anything other than that flops. But, like, obviously I'm not a posing coach and, like, I don't want to do that anymore. So it's, I feel like I'm struggling to find something else that sticks.
Kyle Musca: So I wouldn't necessarily...
Morgan’s iPhone: I don't, I know, like, I don't want to, like, I could still post posing, if that's what you're going to say.
Kyle Musca: But I feel like it's just so far from what I am now. Yeah. Yeah, and I think, I think the issue with that is, like, anyone that's, like, getting, you know, help with posing probably already has a coach, which is a bit of a, you know, not a deal at Yeah, exactly. Yeah, like, be careful that your hips... Don't twist too much to the side when... Yeah, so that was like kind of a coaching talking to camera one. Here's how to hit your T-pose perfectly. Firstly, you want to sink back into your back glute and then angle your front knee towards the judges. This will enhance your shape. Here's how to hit your T-pose perfectly.
Morgan’s iPhone: And it's crazy because, like, they would get, like, some of those have, like, almost, like, 10,000 saves. It's, like, insane. But then if I post, if I try, I don't know if I could do the same with, like, normal coaching.
Kyle Musca: Well, what I would kind of do there is just take the concept of what that is. So, for example, like, this was, like, a voiceover, essentially. I would come in there and, like, just, I guess, shift the attention away from instead of... Yeah, here's how to hit your T-pose perfectly to, you know, off the top of my head, here are the top three movements to grow your glutes or something like that. So you just like sort of shifted towards, you know, something like this. Believe, my back was a weak point for years. Now it's becoming one of my strongest body parts. I did these three things. First, I started training. Like, even like that, you could use that exact tool. Like, when I first started training, you know, my glutes were a huge weak point. Now it's one of my strongest. Basically, just say exactly what Kyle said, but, like, change it to a female-orientated thing. And obviously, with that, you just use things that are catchy to women, women like knowing how to grow their glutes and stuff like that. So, yeah, but do you find you do more of the voiceover style stuff, or is it more so talking to the camera?
Morgan’s iPhone: I can do both. Like, I'm pretty good at doing... Like talking to the camera and voiceovers. So I can do both, but I would veer more to a voiceover.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So is there any coaches or content creators that you do really like the content of?
Morgan’s iPhone: Probably not coaches, though, because I feel like everything I – I don't know. No, I don't know about coaches. The only people I can think of is, like, guys, because I've been looking at guys' stuff because I've been helping Kyle. But people like Lily and stuff I feel like don't really do that kind of content, who they're the kind of people I would follow and see.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So in terms – yeah. So what – like, the easiest way to do this is, like – because creating your own content is just – you know, it's – there's so many different things that go into it. So it's It's basically virtually impossible just to sort of like think of something on the spot and then like it go well. What I would do is like pick up, find, and it doesn't matter, it can be a male because males tend to do more of this style of content. But like pick three to five creators in that niche and then just go analyze their content, analyze like what does well about it and why it does well. So, for example, I mean like that's pretty much what I just did with Kyle, right? Like I go on his page and then you just like look through and you find something that has had really good, you know, engagement views and everything like that. And you basically dissect that and then make it your own version, if that makes sense. So.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, definitely more just like it's all posing. Everything was posing. Honestly, everything that was posing did really well. And I'm sure if I posted that again, it would. Well, I feel like, what's done well recently? Transformation, maybe, stuff, but.
Kyle Musca: So I find, because you've got like five pillars of content. Now, the easiest ones, one reaction, sorry, trendy sound type of things, which is kind of like this. So someone who, so for example, someone who does this really, really well would be like Emily.
Morgan’s iPhone: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, she basically only does this style of content, but it like, it pops off so hard. You know what mean? So like that, I could see working quite well for yourself. Females tend to like, from. My experience, like females tend to get away with not talking on camera as much. Like it's not like for a male, I feel like you have to kind of talk and, you know, show a bit more of, I guess, who you are. Whereas females kind of like, I guess, want to look up to the inspiration that they believe is out there, if that makes sense. Because there's plenty of girls that only post their body and stuff like that, who have terrible personalities. But because they have like, these girls that follow them have like an ideation of who they, they create that own person in their mind, if that makes sense.
Morgan’s iPhone: But you know who's content I like, actually, who's a coach, who I just thought about? Because I see, I see Emily's stuff and I'm like, I don't know, I feel like she gets away with it because she's like, I don't know, whatever. But, um, what's her name, Kira, , um, hold on, Kira... ... ... J, or Kiara, J, I think it is. Oh, yeah. K-I-A-R-A.
Kyle Musca: K-I-R-A.
Morgan’s iPhone: No, Kiara, K-I-A-R-A. That's so confusing. And then J, like, yeah, her. She does, like, more educational kind of stuff that I would, like, I look at hers and quite like it. Um, sort of, like, she does stuff with lots of text on the screens, um, on the screen. And she does, like, some talking and I quite like hers, but I know she would obviously just pop off because she's  skinny-. Um.
Kyle Musca: I took my back from this to this. And if you're avoiding wearing backless dresses, trust me, you need to use this exact... Yes, I think that's, yeah, that's perfect. I would, 100%.
Morgan’s iPhone: I don't use that as an inspiration.
Kyle Musca: Routine, I used to take mine from an insecurity to my best exercise. So the reason these work really well is because it keeps the eye really engaged. So you'll notice with something like this, there's a lot of cuts. So every time something pops up on the screen, it makes your eye look something new. And that's what I mean by like analyze the content as well, like really kind of break it down beyond the surface level. Like look at how many cuts there are, how long does it actually go for? Is there a sound in the background like playing? The other thing that works really well for Kiara and her partner, the RL Strength guy, I'm not sure if you've seen him, but he does kind of similar things, is the fact that they use a lot of social proof. Social proof is like the biggest, one of the biggest drivers, because people will see like if you've done it for yourself or someone else, then it will work for them. So it's like you've... It's that you know what you're doing. And they have a huge coaching company, but they basically just leverage, you know, Kiara 100%. And every single year, it's just about how Kiara transformed and like her start to finish. That's the other thing is content as well, is you don't need to, like I would test different things out just to see what you like and what works for you and what works, you know, your audience likes and what resonates. You have to test for that. But I wouldn't try and like, if you, once you find something that does work, I wouldn't deviate from that too much. Like you can kind of just post the same thing, obviously in a different manner, but like wash and repeat it type thing. Like you don't have to put yourself under the pressure of like, oh, I need to film a voiceover and then I need to film a reaction video and then I need to film a coaching video.
Morgan’s iPhone: And cause then you spread yourself too thin.
Kyle Musca: I would focus on what can you pump out, you know, with enough volume that's still good enough quality and that actually does do decently well.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, I can think about that for sure. I mean, when I find that, I can do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, and then what I do is like when I'm looking for that inspiration, I come on here and just scroll down and then just like look for anomalies like where, you know, they do get a lot more videos. So, for example, this is 1.1 million. Yeah. So, that's just a – so, I think probably what's going to work best for you is trending audios, whether it be a workout kind of like that or kind of like what Emily does, for example, or the voiceover style stuff.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Like that's probably where I'd put – Do you prefer all real? Like you don't think – Um Um – Yeah. Like carousels and stuff, or a little bit of both?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So I would, it depends on like how much volume you can properly produce, because at the end of the it's like a workout program. The biggest thing is consistency. But realistically, like the ideal ratio is like two corrals of posts a week, and then ideally between at least five to seven reels.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. And the biggest thing you have to remember about content is like, one, how can I keep the person around for as long as possible? Because watch-through rate is really important. If you have like a lot of people drop off in the first quarter of the video, then Instagram is going to read that and say, this is not a very interesting video. We won't show it. But also like engagement rates. So essentially, like look at, and this is something that will come with, you know, just reps of creating content, but like, how can you think of getting people to take one little step further, whether that's, you know, saving The video, whether it's commenting on it. So something I really like doing now is like, let me know your thoughts in the comments below. Also, when you go to post, it doesn't show it on the laptop, but when you go to post, I'm not sure if you've seen, there's like the little buttons that say like prompt and poll and stuff. Have you, do you know what they do?
Morgan’s iPhone: No, well, I do now because Callum was telling me about it, I think last week, because he was saying about like putting polls in them and I didn't even realise you could do that, but I do now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like that just, again, it depends on like, you'll be set up to kind of context of, you know, what it is, but let me pull up my account because that's the easiest one. I do it for myself. Yeah, so something like this, it doesn't show up here, but I remember doing a poll on this saying, like, let me know your thoughts. And then there was a poll under it saying it's It's easier to gain muscle. It's easy to get a muscular build from being skinny. And then the other one was, it's easier to get a muscular build from, you know, being overweight. Yeah. It wasn't quite worded like that, but that was essentially the contest. Yeah. And it had hundreds, if not thousands of people voting on it. And like every time someone touches that, that's another piece of engagement that Instagram reads and says, okay, people are interested in this.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan’s iPhone: That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And it might be even something as simple as, you know, before, uh, where you had that, uh, recipe video that, um, you did the other day. Yeah. That did well. Uh, uh, and it might be something as simple as, you know, or is it, just want to put it up. Yeah. So it might be as simple as like, I'm not sure if you did it, but like in a video, you say, uh, either, um, the full recipes in the caption. So basically that what that will make people do is like, because it's condensed, then they'll have to open up. And that click is an engagement rate. Or you could even say, this is kind of like where it comes into the territory of lead magnets, is like if you want the full recipe, comment the word, you know, cucumber or cucumber boat or something like that, something nice and simple. Because then it like gets people to comment, which again, every single time is a engagement piece. Because with that specifically, and I don't want to get into this like right now, but like that's where you could also set up a ManyChat flow so you start the conversations off the back end of that as well.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah, that's handy, actually. And then, yeah, I guess then you can have that conversation and then they're sort of more likely to comment on other ones as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so lead magnets like, and again, we'll get into this as time goes on, but lead magnets, I like to kind of just conversate. At the end of the day, lead magnets are great because... They start conversations. The more conversations you have, the more clients you ultimately get. I'm very, very opposed to trying to hard sell to, like, my organic audience or to anyone, but especially my organic audience. So, you know, at the worst case, and this is where you have to have the conversation with the setters and everything, but we'll get to that. But at the very worst case, I want them to, you know, just to have a chat with me and walk away just, you know, knowing that I just had a chat with them. Like, if we don't try and propose them for a call or they're not qualified or whatever the case may be, at least they leave, you know, a more engaged follow because they feel like you've taken the time to talk to them.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah, I like that.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. So, again, that's just a key thing. Like, ask people for their thoughts, ask people to open, like, check out the caption, you know, whatever you can kind of think of that's relevant to get them to engage more on the post.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: That's, yeah, that would, but.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, I'll try and find a rhythm with it. I feel like I've been doing a lot of everything, trying to see what kind of works, but I can sort of, once I find something that sticks and does well, then I think for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. See, this is kind of the content that Emily does. Like, in a way, it's similar. It's just nice, trendy sound, simple wording. Female, that's more of the female demographic. Like, I'll go on Bree's phone, and it's just like, it's just all these videos. There's no other type of video. And it works really, really well, because it shows off your physique from, like, where it's been to where it's at now. And again, like, I can't stress that enough. I would try and use... Just, like, leverage that as much as humanly possible in as many videos as you do.
Morgan’s iPhone: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Does that all make sense?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that makes sense. And then, yeah. Is that a video, or is this just... I don't know. Yeah. from having a look at things like that, that's those style of content, which are just those trendy, sort of soundy ones, they definitely seem to be a win a few. And then, based off that posing video as well, it seems that the reaction, sorry, the voiceover style ones would be good as well. So I'd go to Kiara's and just, like, pick a few videos from a while ago, because you don't want them to be, like, too recent. And then, you know, I'm not saying copy. by any means, but like take that as inspiration and then like put your own spin on it, put your own thoughts on it.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. What about, see that one right at the top of my, like the top left, that style of one as well? Like, they're, I guess, like pretty simple to make as well. And that one did really well, but I don't know if that was just because it was sort of that video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, again, these do well. When did you post that? 12 weeks? Yeah. So these, so these do well, because again, you got to look at, um, essentially, so Instagram rewards you for like, because they, they want people on their app. So essentially, they're just focused on how can we get people's attention as much as possible? Because when they spend more time on the app, they get more money from advertisers like us who are going to pay to put ads in front of people. So this would have done well, not necessarily because the video. Yeah. The video essentially is acting as the hook key. People scroll, you know, girls scroll, maybe some guys, I'm not sure, but they would see this and then they're interested to this because, like, one, you've got the physique, you've spoken about Klen, which is like a trigger, you know what mean? It's eye-engaging, it's catching. And then what they've had to do is they've had to open up the caption and spend the time reading this. And while they're reading this, this would have been playing in the background, so the watch time would have been, like, you know, five, six, ten times over. And so you see that and be like, okay, people are spending a lot of time on this, let's push it harder.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, if it's worked, absolutely keep playing around with it. These just, like, you obviously just have to write the actual caption itself. Yeah. But in saying that, something like this would work really, really well if you had a strong CTA at the end of it.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Because people, if they're spent the time to read this, then their intent's pretty high. Yeah, yeah. And that's where, like, having the emojis and having that sort of pop out would benefit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, yeah, you don't want it to look gimmicky or anything like that. But, like, for example, you know, if you open this, especially on a phone, like, that would look all very wordy, which is fine, because that's the whole idea of this post. But then if you just had, like, a small CTA, like, somewhere here, like, it would really easily blend in. Where if you have something that really, like, stands out, like, just like that, it just, again, it just attracts the eye a bit more.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, that's worth trying. Because, yeah, yeah, like, that's, realistically, you could do, this is maybe getting a little bit complicated, but you could try. And do essentially the same type of thing across those three different ways of producing that content. So, for example, I'm just going to use the glued thing as a general topic. It's like, here's three things that I did to take my glues from where you started to where you're at now. Let's say you do one where it's kind of like that, where it's like more so in the caption. Let's say one, you do one where it's more so like, wow.
Morgan’s iPhone: Like Cal's workout video one?
Kyle Musca: The voiceover one? Yeah, so Cal's one, so the workout voiceover for that one. And then that one with Kiara, where she had one in views. I'm not sure if you remember seeing that one where you opened it up before, where it was just like, let me pull it up because it's going to annoy me now.
Morgan’s iPhone: Was that a voiceover?
Kyle Musca: Or not? No, it was like kind of...
Morgan’s iPhone: Oh, that one.
Kyle Musca: That one? yeah.
Morgan’s iPhone: Oh, that's another one.
Kyle Musca: Go the one up from that one.
Morgan’s iPhone: This one? Oh, wait.
Kyle Musca: Oh, , no. She's got too many.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Wow, she had a lot that could pop off. Okay, so that's just a workout.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's my go-to workout.
Morgan’s iPhone: Okay, so that's literally just a workout.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Morgan’s iPhone: So.
Kyle Musca: With the hook at the start. Yeah. What is she? Yeah. So she's just used the whole, girls love the word tone. Yeah. Yeah. This is, that's another, like, that's a little bit of a rabbit hole, but like, as much as there's certain things that we, like, that kind of hate doing. And don't align with the reality of things. There's also, like, the marketing side of things that you kind of want to dabble into. So it's like, yeah, like, so, for example, like challenges, the idea of a challenge is not necessarily, like, good. Because, like, if you need eight, 12 weeks to aggressively cut, you're probably going to stop everything after. But from a marketing perspective, challenges work extremely, extremely well. So it's like, there's, like, what's kind of right. You can be, like, right, but not make money. Or you could be, you know, go and tap into that marketing side of things and, like, leverage it, essentially.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, I know. I think about that, the whole Maddie Storris thing with the fat loss meal, like, gives me mad anxiety saying something like that. Because I'm like, that's so wrong. But it's like a hook. But it works. But it's like, it just feels like, oh, we know that's not the case.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, this is definitely like. An ethical sort of line where it's like you're leveraging marketing terminology or like what terminology works with gen pop people versus just like straight up spewing this information. So it's like, again, yeah, there's definitely that to take in consideration. But, yeah, from what I've had a look at, I think probably the trendy style reels with the trending songs and the voiceovers are probably going to be your bread and butter.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, cool. Well, I will try that.
Kyle Musca: Like, I'll get the – I'll make a couple of different videos for the same sort of vibe with the glutes thing and can try. Yeah. And honestly, what I would do is I would come to Kiara's and just, like, have a look at what's done well and leverage that. She's got a massive, massive audience. It's not – it's pretty decent. But it's like – It seems like a little bit more of a cult-y audience, if that makes sense. Yeah, definitely. Which is why her business does so well. But you can even see, like, if she, you know, picked up the phone and spoke straight to the camera, like, still good views, don't get me wrong, but it's definitely a lot less than what, you know, she usually picks Yeah, yeah.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, she definitely has one, like, the ones that I see that pop up on my feed are always the same style of one. It's always, like, that, the voiceover with the heaps of cuts. It's, like, they're obviously what pop up on my feed a lot, but I think they usually do pretty well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Morgan’s iPhone: I'll look at her, what was the other girl's name? Emily. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And she's a great example of, like, just rinsing and repeating, like, every single thing is just. Yeah, it's the same . transformation of some sort.
Morgan’s iPhone: And she uses the same, like, before video so often.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You do Okay. Yeah. We'll things about. see. you Yeah, yeah. When you do it, like, and this is the other thing with mucking, because you're doing it, you'll feel like it's overdone a lot sooner than what your audience will, if that makes sense.
Morgan’s iPhone: That's very true, because I would look at it and be like,  me, I've used the same video three times this week, but not everyone's seeing every single video that you put out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Perfect. So, yeah, I reckon that's, stuff we'll work on in terms of, like, just your organic side of things, and then in the meantime, if we can get first things first, like the graphics, just because you'll have the time before the video ads, we'll get them up, we'll start playing around with them, and then ideally straight after that, we'll have the videos ready to upload and get them in. That should bring interaction there. And then, meanwhile, while, like, basically once they're done, I'll take care of all that sort of things, and then if you can just focus on, you know, playing around with this stuff. And with that as well, by all means, send me through, you know, videos that you do do. And ask for feedback and stuff because, yeah, I'm more than happy to do that as well.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, thank you for that.
Kyle Musca: I appreciate it. Yeah, perfect. And then, yeah, the other thing is with the editing, just try and, like, make as many cuts as possible because keeping the eye engaged for a viewer is, like, really, really important, like, one of the most important things.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool.
Morgan’s iPhone: Any questions on any of that stuff? Nope. I'll message Vaughn, get that sorted, get the stories sorted, and that's pretty much it for now. And then do you still want to do next week's call on Thursday? Yeah. Yeah. Do that same time, even though we haven't got the video because we'll probably have got the story ads running?
Kyle Musca: Yes, yeah. We'll keep it locked in at the same time every week, just to make it nice and simple. Yeah. And then... By that time, we should have the graphics up and running and, like, starting to hopefully see that. So then we'll just make sure the whole project, yeah. You've still got the script and everything like that, sort of, hey?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah, all the sales scripts, yeah, that's all fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And the sending script and everything?
Morgan’s iPhone: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then the other thing as well in the meantime is you might want to reach out to Komei and just say, like, you're planning on getting things started up again, just because she'll take a few days to get it all sorted. And then, yeah, ideally at this point, like, if we can launch by, like, Monday, then that's perfect.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, cool. We can do that.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. If you do have any questions or anything or you're not sure, just let me know. Otherwise, yeah, the good news is from last time, it's pretty much all set up and ready to go.
Morgan’s iPhone: So we just have to kind of turn things on. Yeah, sweet. Okay. Well, thank you. I'll let you know when I get... Get those stories done, I'll send them through to you. Oh, do you want me to upload them to the Google or Dropbox or something?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you could upload them to, like, a Google Drive and then just send me the link and I'll check them out.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, perfect. Google Drive. Cool. All right, well, thank you. I'll do that as soon as I can and then contact Vaughn and then hopefully we can get the videos done next week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And the last thing is when you're on your Instagram and just scrolling stuff, if there is any videos that pop up, just, like, actively pay attention to who's posting them. And then I would also try and find, like, those three to five creators that do the content that you want to do, just so you can constantly refer back to them for inspiration.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, I can definitely do that.
Kyle Musca: Thank you very much. No worries. All right, enjoy the rest of the day.
Morgan’s iPhone: I'll chat to you very soon. Thanks, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Bye. Bye.


>>> 59/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-09T04:53:12Z | id:112964896
People: Kyle Musca

Michael: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro.
Michael: How you going? Yeah, good, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yourself? Good, good. How was your holiday period?
Michael: Yeah, was pretty good, actually. was nice and quiet this year. But yeah, it was actually quite nice.
Kyle Musca: What about you? Yeah, good, man. Sort of took a bit of a step back, but I was getting over it at the end, so I tend to be back. Cool, man. We'll rip in. So, yeah, essentially in this sort of session, man, I really want to just kind of like map out what the next couple of months are really going to look like for you. And I think just like even just like watching your content and everything like that since we started, I think honestly, like one of the biggest things for you, man, is like, I guess implementing certain... Strategies sooner, if that makes sense. So we're going to focus on the execution side of things as well. Is there anything specifically that you want to cover? Anything that you're sort of like struggling with?
Michael: Not off the top of my head at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So that's probably another thing as well, is like, I'd love you to come to these calls, like just through the week, maybe take some notes and everything like that. And then we can like, like address it, the main things that you're sort of struggling with head on. Whether that's sort of internal or like internal in the back end of the business with, you know, fulfillment, onboarding, processes, systems, all that kind of stuff. Or if it's something a little bit more, I guess, external, whether that be content, whether that be marketing, whatever the case may be.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Does that all make sense?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man. So I guess, yeah, the biggest thing is, have you been getting, I haven't really. I been scrolling too much recently.
Michael: Have you been getting into the reaction style videos that we've been speaking about? Yeah, I have actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, how do find them? It's pretty enough.
Michael: Yeah, they're pretty easy to do. I think I kind of noticed even when I do the workout reactions, I feel like the video does better if my initial reaction is more out there. I don't know if that makes sense. like, for example, the most recent workout reaction I did, which is probably a bit ago now, of the guy in the blue shirt.
Kyle Musca: My guy, I think he did it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I see that.
Michael: Like, my, like, initial reaction wasn't just like, oh, yeah, he's jacked, like, let's have a look at his, like, plan. Do know what I mean? Like, think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll share it when I have a look together. My guy, think you need a bigger t-shirt. Those sleeves look like they are holding on for dear life. Anyway, you know the drill. He's jacked. Yeah, right. Yeah, I get you. Yeah, so like those are the, that's the thing with the hooks. It's kind of like hard to explain, but like, again, the hook, I find the hook should be like vague. You know what mean? Like the hook should, the biggest thing you want out of the hook is to engrave like curiosity into the viewer, right? Because like when you, you're right, when you say like, you know, is he, he's jacked, but like, is he, is his workout actually good? Right? It's like the viewer knows exactly what you're about to say. But like, it's, I always come at it from like an angle of not, like the viewer, if you're watching from the viewer's perspective, is not really knowing if I'm about to support this guy, if I'm about to like talk absolute  about this person. You know what I mean?
Michael: Like, because that's what people watch, right?
Kyle Musca: They like, I guess, at the end of the day, drama. They like entertainment. And that goes across all videos, whether it's reaction videos, whether you did like a full coaching video with the camera equipment and you're like comparing calories, like the hook should be curiosity-driven. Because at the end of the day, the hook is basically a headline for a video. The best headlines instill curiosity in the viewer. So they want to read more. They want to watch more, if that makes sense. And like a good, you know, let me open this up. And you'll notice like I do that quite a lot in my videos is, yeah, something like this, for example, where, why is this not working? Yeah, does that make sense? And it's like, it's a little bit, like you have to kind of do it. It's easier said than done. Like, it sounds like pretty straightforward, but like how you actually go about it, you'll figure out with time. Why is that not working? What the  is going on? Okay, every other video works. But basically, if you look at that, I think I say like from memory, like, I'm not going to lie. I was about to get on here and talk absolute  about this. And then like in the, if you read the caption part, like when you actually open the video and you see, you know, there's that caption just down there. see like the first line. Yeah. It's something like, this is like, this exercise is completely stupid or something like that. And then you can't see the rest of it. You'd have to open up to see the rest of it. But then I go on to say, like, it's stupid if you're like in your twenties trying to, you know, grow as much muscle as possible. But that guy is like, he was almost 60 years old or something like that. And your main focus is on like functionality and moving up and getting up.
Michael: Or something like this is actually a really good move. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? Yeah. Does that make sense? And even with this, like... I was like, huh. When did you get high on this one? Can you imagine being in a relationship where instead of getting comfortable, you and your partner actually work towards building a better life together? Because if not, you are in a relationship, then you should probably do some self-reflecting. I could... Like, so it's either curiosity or it's very, like, a bold statement. Those are probably the two I would double down on. Curiosity or very sort of bold and opinionated, right? Because you want controversy. Like, I'm not sure if you've, like, seen much of my account recently, but, like, I made that video. And that James guy made the reaction video, and made a reaction video to that. Like, you want people, you know, as long as you're coming from... In my perspective. As long as you're coming from a base perspective and you're like, you're obviously, you're not just  saying some outlandish  for the sake of it, then it's like people are going to, and you'll see on both of those videos if you read through the comments, people will really, really agree with you or really, really disagree with you. And that's what you want. You don't want people, you know, kind of like, you know, on the fence, in the middle, they don't really have an opinion about it because if they don't have an opinion about it, there's no engagement on your post. It's not going to push it, and they're not going to remember you, you know what I mean? If you, so try and get, I guess, polarizing. Again, this isn't to say come from a negative angle. I would never come from a negative angle with content because, you know, negativity will attract negativity. But that doesn't mean you can't have based sort of opinions. Like, as you see, I don't know if you watched that video, but I basically said, like, if you're fat and I'm not attracted to you, like, that's . don't if a problem. don't Um, you know what I mean? Like, that's just a based, like, sort of thing, right? That's a pretty easy thing to understand, but there's a lot of people out there that get very offended by that type of thing, right? Yeah. That's different for me to going on there and be like, if you're fat, you're absolutely gross and you're  disgusting and, you know what mean?
Michael: You should never find love in your life. That's completely different, right? Um, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, don't be afraid to, to be, I guess, polarizing and kind of sometimes poke the bear a little bit, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, cause that's what people will comment on. Any, any questions on that?
Michael: Nah, nah, I know what you're saying.
Kyle Musca: And then one thing I noticed, especially with these talking videos, so to be honest, like, and just having a look through your account, man, like, you can see that the, like, any kind of reaction, action style video definitely gets better engagement, um, compared to, compared to the talking ones. My account's very much. Like if I do these talking ones, they just don't really do that well. So it's like my, and I've been caught in this trap before is like, don't try and, you know, now that we've seen the data and we can see, you know, like right here, right now, what actually works for you. I'd almost say like, you know, invest the time you would spend on these videos to pump out more of these style of videos, if that makes sense.
Michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cause that's something that I got stuck in with for ages, like literally probably over a year is these, these reactions style videos would always do well, but then I would like really try and pump the, I'm not going to, I'll scroll down, but  it. Really try and pump the educational ones where I set up the camera and like put all the  effort to them and they just wouldn't do anywhere near as well. But like, I just kept trying to like drill down because I wanted to, guess, create and be known for that style of content, if that makes sense. But it's just, it's just kind of like banging your head against a brick wall. Like, it's just not gonna. It happened one day. Don't get me wrong, you might get, I read this as an ad, so that's not really an accurate number, but you might get one that does okay here and there, but for a whole majority, it's just not worth the, I guess, the effort that you put into it, right? You want to, you want to, you want to put your time and energy into the, the, the, the best, I guess, return, essentially. And from what we're seeing here, it's definitely the reaction style videos, as well as, you know, doing the, the trending audio style videos where you're showing your physique and everything like that.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: And I would also love you to see, because you haven't done a voiceover workout type thing yet, have you?
Michael: Um, no, I've only done like a, like that one there on the bottom left that says you're bulking wrong.
Kyle Musca: That's the only voiceover I've done. Stop chasing scale weight. The biggest mistake you can make when it comes to muscle growth is. So, yeah, so even. With that, like, that's a, that's a, like, I can kind of already immediately tell what you're about to talk about. Yeah. I mean, like, so it's like, again, you kind of got to sit down, like, think about it, like, do some research and stuff on it. But try and either be really bold. So it's like you go chasing, if you're trying to lose weight and you're constantly chasing scale weight, X, Y, Z, what if you feed off after that? Like, it nice and bold, again, polarizing. Or sometimes I'm making a joke. Like, I think that I haven't made a voice over types video in a while, but, and I'm not going to try and find it right now. But, like, the last one I did is, like, again, kind of get out of pocket, like, not out of pocket if that's not your sort of thing. But, like, it was something about, I also feel like I was born to be a Boeing 747. So I have to have turned to, like, mutilating my body or something like that. But, like, And that went like hard because again, it's just like, it's not normal. Like people are doom scrolling. If you're just like every other Joe Blow who just starts a video like in a boring, sort of like, you know, non-interesting kind of way, then they're just like, keep scrolling. They just want to be entertained.
Michael: They want something to catch their attention. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yes. So someone who's like doing really well at that now, actually, since we spoke about it, is Kyle. And I honestly, like, I think that those, realistically, if you do those, you'll have three core pillars of content. You'll have the trending audio stuff, which kind of shows off your physique, as well as just gets your face out there a little bit more. You'll have the reaction style stuff, which allow, I would think of the reaction style stuff, not necessarily as coaching. You can pay. There's some coaching stuff in there, but I would say the reaction style stuff works better when it's your opinion and you're kind of just talking . You're talking about an opinion or something like that. You're talking about something that's relevant to the audience rather than trying to coach. And then the voiceover stuff is where you could probably start to incorporate a little bit more of the coaching, actual knowledge-based stuff, right? Because you're providing actual value. can give, like, let's say, a workout. can give your best exercises, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So, like, when we come into, for example, CALS here, where is it? This one. Yeah, the back and arms one, right? My back was a weak point for years. So, even with that as well, like, the hook wasn't anything crazy. It... It's still vague, though. He's clearly jacked. His biggest weak point is back for years. Kyle's physique is going to sell itself. But even just the editing style there, right? So that's something I would look at when you're... I can't stress it enough when you're analyzing people's content. Break it down layer by layer. What do they say? How do they say it? How did they edit it? What was the starting clip? How often were the cuts made in that video? I mean, bang, bang, bang. That's stuff that you wouldn't really notice when you're just, like, watching it. But, like, I want you to get into the mindset of not being... Like, people are in a consuming mindset, right? When they're doom-scrolling, they want to consume content. And when you're doom-scrolling content, you want to consume content, like, just naturally. I would get into the mindset of, like, actually breaking it down from a producer's perspective. So, again, like, how they do what they say, what cuts they use, all that , right? And really... Really break it down because if you can understand the structure that makes the video, then you'll be able to make highly engaging videos. Yeah. And again, like that's understanding that was like kind of what allowed me to make that video because like I remember like a year ago, James  replied, like reacted and didn't a video kind of like that where he like tried to call me out on something. Um, and I went to go remake, like reply kind of like how I did that. And then after everything was set and done, it was like a  five minute long video. And I was just like, that's just not going to do well. Like it's clunky. Now I understand it's like, keep things like nice and short, engaging. You'll see that I go back and forth between like pointing at things, showing his feed, all that . You know what I mean? Like it's got flow to constantly keep the viewer engaged. Yeah. And I think that's what, like, why, um, the. EZOs for yourself as well as myself don't do great is because there's nothing really like eye-engaging or anything like that. It's just sitting there, you're just talking straight to the camera for like a minute type thing.
Michael: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's just not feeding into what the viewers really want subconsciously.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, don't get me wrong, like you could always do these style of videos, but what I would probably suggest doing is always doing it like based off a green screen or something to point out at the start to try and like actually get their attention on something.
Michael: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So whether that's, yeah.
Michael: So almost kind of like a voiceover hybrid of something like this, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Any questions on that stuff?
Michael: Nah, it does make sense. I think like, like you're definitely right. I think especially in the last, say like probably week or two, I don't know. The ones that I talked in the car, like they used to be very easy. I don't know for me to do. Like I used to be able to just kind of think of it, just  say it. And it was sweet. But I think like, especially the last one, two weeks, I've noticed it's just been so much more forced and it takes me so much longer to do as a result. Um, which has definitely been a bit of a pain in my , but like, yeah, I think like what you're saying definitely makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And again, like you're getting, you know, three times the engagement, um, like, you know, five, six times the engagement on that. So it's just like, it's just, you know, there's clearly more return on investment essentially for that style of video. Um, yeah. Yeah. And yeah, the other thing is, on your stories, man, good, showing off the physique, love that, putting that, your, the, I remember swiping up and replying to it, but like that's the story sequence where you've doing like the three in a row, that's come together really nicely.
Michael: Have you been using the chat, should you be teaching to do that? Yeah, yeah, so the last, they like to, yeah, the last few that I've done, essentially since we last spoke about it, have been through chat, it still sometimes spits out some absolute , but I find that like, if I, if I am more specific with like, my idea, because I think you said this to me as well, like, it won't think for you, like, you kind of got to give it what you want, and then it will spit it back out. Um, because yeah, like, the one that I did most recently, a couple days ago, um, I like, wrote in to chat, I was like, oh, like, I want a three-story CTA, like, awful. Thank you. Like testimonials that I will use from clients. like to use that as like the base and then it sped out something actually pretty decent.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. And then again, like even with a good prompt, it's still only will do like max 80% of the work. Like even when I'm running clients, you know, add scripts and graphics and everything like that for them. Like I've prompted this really  hard and I've given all the information, the project files you could possibly think of the door properly. I still have to go through and basically rewrite the entire thing. It just kind of gives me the angle and the structure to approach it from, if that makes sense. So it just gives you the idea essentially. So you don't have to like spend a ton of brain power trying to think of that. And then I'll just run with the idea that it gives.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And now the other thing I do, man, is like how many, what are your check-in days?
Michael: Like how often are doing check-ins? Um, they're kind of scattered through the week, but majority of them would be on Monday and Tuesday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So like every single time you're doing like check-ins, Ben, I would make it a point to, you know, post that you're doing that on your story. Now, it could be, you know, you're taking a photo of a client or a screenshot or whatever of client that's, you know, progressing really, really well. It could be just the fact that you're, you know, updating programming and something like that. Like actually, you know, show your audience the behind the scenes of you actually working and giving a  about your clients. Because that itself, I know for me is like, if I see someone doing that, I have more trust in them. They're actually going to do work for me, right?
Michael: Again, know, someone like Cade's really, really good at doing that and showing, showcasing that and looking really busy. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then the other big thing is like, you know, anytime a client, again, these are like the small things that I really want you to get really good at extracting is anytime. The client, you know, says whether it be in a check-in form or whether it be a text, and you can send like loaded messages to try and get this in return. But like try and like screenshot their saying their wins and stuff like that, you know, like if you can, and every time a client sends that through, chuck it up in your story. Like it doesn't have to necessarily be, you know, the structured day, like the CTAs and stuff through the week, we want those structured to have the structure for bringing someone in. But if someone says to a message, be like, man, I've  dropped five kilos and, you I'm feeling  awesome. Whatever, you know, whatever they say, don't like hold that in the back pocket because you'll probably forget about it.
Michael: Just push it up, put it on your story as often as possible. Because if you can just flood your story with social proof, then it's like you'll be golden. Yeah, cool, easy.
Kyle Musca: And that's something that takes, you know, a good few weeks of consistently doing to really build up the momentum. So getting some training clips in there, which is great. And yeah, if you throw in some choking forms there. So yeah. Check-in responses and everything. Someone who's really, really dialed in their stories and something we've, like, been focusing on here is Aaron. Do you follow Aaron?
Michael: I don't think so, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would recommend you do, man, is I'd probably give Aaron a follow just to sort of, like, watch what his stories. Because I passively watch all you guys on my stories, like, as if I'm an actual just viewer scrolling through. We've done this for him, and, like, he's got me wanting to sign up to his program.
Michael: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, you know, he shows off the physique, got the questionnaires in there, a bit of lifestyle stuff. He's constantly got transformations up on his page. And the craziest thing is I'm not even sure if he's reused the transformations or not.
Michael: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Because, like, people don't take that much awareness. Of course. You will, but if a week or two has passed and used the same transformation, people aren't going to  know. You know what mean? Plus two doesn't even matter. If they do catch it, because at the end of the day, you're still, you're documenting that client-specific journey, if that makes sense. You know what mean? Yeah. And this is, he had his birthday here as well yesterday, so it seemed like his stories are a little bit less focused as usual. Clients, you know, constantly pushing crazy transformations. Yeah. Getting his clients to tag him as well, well. Like, that's another thing. I know you put that up in your story as well, but, you know, have a, have a chat to your clients about, you know, getting more comfortable posting and tagging you. And then just say kind of like, is that a pause? Yeah. And then just say like, I approached that conversation from the angle of like, one, you know, it would help me out. Obviously, I'd appreciate it just for the support, trying to grow the coaching business. People can appreciate that. But then two, like, it's also a great factor to help you keep accountable, man. Because if you're one posting your progress, that makes you feel really good that you are. welcome. Making progress and that people can see that. But you're also publicly stating what your goals are and who you want to become as a person. And when you know that other people are watching that journey, that's going to act as an accountability factor to make sure that you do stay on track and remain congruent, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that just comes down to, you know, that, like asking for them to essentially, because what that does is essentially market your business. Of course. Because what they will do is they'll have followers. Of their friends and family. And if they see that, you know, let's say Mitch is constantly losing weight and improving him and he's constantly tagging Michael. You know, he's going to be like, dude, looking  sick. Like, you know, I'd love some help. Who do you use? And then he'd be like, oh, Michael's  G.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that activates the law of association. So because they've, you know, referrals are the easiest sales because if they've come through someone like a close friend or a family member, trust is extremely high. So it's like. like. They don't even question it. They don't question the price. don't question  anything because they would rely on, you know, Mitch's recommendation to lead them, right?
Michael: Right? So there's no doubt in it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, yeah, Aaron's really, really good at just constantly putting stuff of his own transformation, of clients' transformations, and he's getting really, really good lead flow now, just from that alone. And, I mean, his content's definitely improving in terms of engagement. But, like, when we look at it, it's nothing, like, crazier than yours. You know what I mean? Yeah. I think, as a whole, you actually get more eyeballs on your account, except for, you these outlier videos that have gone quite hard for him.
Michael: Uh-huh.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: I also think the other thing that would probably benefit you... You will, is like niching down slight, like, yeah, just niching down in general. So it's like, who, who, who really is your ideal client avatar?
Michael: Oh, is that like an actual question? Yeah. That is a good question. I think I wrote it down in that document you sent me initially. Let me pull it up.
Kyle Musca: It was like, typically I'm not like, if you were just starting content, I would be like, let's not niche down. And that's kind of why I haven't brought it up before. Just to simply like see one, what you naturally create and who you naturally appeal to. And then you can kind of niche down. Cause it's like, you know, you might want to, like, I might want to sell to middle-aged, you know, women who are going through menopause, but I don't think middle-aged women who are going through menopause is really going to. Resonate with me and my message, you know what mean? So it's like who you want to sell to and who actually like wants to hear from you can be two different things.
Michael: Yeah, of course. I think like, so what I wrote, like 18 to 35-year-olds that want to be jacked and live a healthy life and train using like proper back principles, not like TikTok and Instagram  science-based lifting. But utilising and implementing proper structure and programming for efficiency, this person wants to know that they're, that they are getting to, that they are getting to where they want to be in the most effective way possible, hence where the  science-backed aspect comes in. I think like, for me, it's more of a case of like, like, even if I look at who I... Currently attract. It's not so much people that are trying to lose weight. Like it's more just people that want to get jacked. And even if people want to lose weight, like that's not their ultimate goal. That's just like step one. And then at the end of the day, they still want to get jacked. And so you have to lose weight as like the first, like first step or part of the process. And they just only like  look sick. Like that is literally 90% of my current client base and the people who message me are all people who like are into gym. I think if I was to compare like Sage, I feel like Sage's clientele from like what I can see. from what I remember when I worked with him as well, a lot of it was just like gen pop, like a lot of gen pop guys that maybe had like a quick goal of like, they want to lose a couple of kilos or they want to gain a bit of weight, whatever that might've been. I feel like I don't really have any of those people. And I don't know if it's like because of like my age or what I post or anything like that, but I don't. I have anyone like that. Like everyone, even people who like engage and message me are all people who are like more into gym than just the average gen pop kind of guy. And they just want to know that how they're training and what they're doing is actually the most effective thing to do to, yeah, obviously achieve what they want to achieve in the most time efficient way possible. Because obviously you post a lot, you've probably seen the amount of fuckery of like  online, especially with the science-based  online. Like these kids in like full contraptions, bro, on these machines. And think people get confused by that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Michael: Yeah. That's all. That's.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just on that as well, one video I'd love to see you react on is you like essentially shitting on science-based lifters, right?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Throw some stones. Like I've made a few videos on them. They do  really well because no one likes like science-based lifting. That's a side tangent. going get into that. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense because a lot of your content is obviously geared towards, you know, more of the actual, I guess, the gym bro who does want to look jacked and build as much muscle as possible and build a crazy physique, right? That's kind of like, that makes sense based off your content. If you had to summarize all your active clients now, right, into just one person, like, what would they do? What would they, you know, what age would they be? Like, what gender? What do they do for work? What are their priorities? What are their focuses?
Michael: Yeah, okay, cool. So I'd say there'd be about 20 average, like 2021 average age. They work just like a regular job, either trade or like at uni. Majority are dudes. I think I have like two girls at the moment, if that. all That's That's all It's real it's cool. It's in like, And their biggest, their, like, day revolves around the gym. Like, their, they plan, like, everything they do that day revolves around them going to the gym. Or, like, the food that they eat obviously revolves around the gym. Like, how they plan their weekend revolves around if they need to train that day. Like, gym is, like, arguably one of the number one priorities for them because they are obviously into the gym and they want to be jacked as . Like, that is probably the best summary I can give you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I would say that's probably, like, a little bit of a bottleneck in itself as well. Just because, because I very much dealt with this problem a while ago as well. When I, kind of, you it in my first couple of years, is that that was pretty much my exact audience as well, like, to a T, right? It was younger guys, late teens, early 20s who just wanted to get jacked and had, like, a little bit more of a gym bro kind of vibe about them, right? The issue with that is that they're all broke. broke. The they're all all You know what mean? Like, they just don't have money. Yeah. Which I literally, like, looked at, kind of, you know, understood, and then re-angled all my things to say that, like, everything that I speak about, while it may resonate, you know, with some younger kids, it is very much geared towards people no younger than 25.
Michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Right, so, like, ideally, I shifted it from late teens to early 20s men, and then I shifted all my terminology and everything towards people in their late 20s to 30s. Okay. Because at the end of the day, like, they're the ones that have money, right?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, they're, and that's the other thing as well, like, the gym bros, one, they don't have, like, those style of gym bros, they don't have the funds usually. Unless, unless, the only The time they're going to have the funds is when their life, as you said, 100% evolves around it and they're fine to be broke and they just want to like pour everything into it essentially, which is a pretty small sort of demographic, right? And if they are, they're usually like wanting to go with, you know, a bodybuilding prep coach or someone who's, you know, really  into it, right? So, yeah, and then, yeah, I kind of lost my train of thought there, but yeah, so what I would do is start trying to, and this is like really important to, you know, when you're finding the content videos to react to and everything like that, is start trying to think about, and these are only slight shifts as well. There's not like a massive change from those to those, it's, it is a slight shift, but start thinking about trying to talk to potentially like opening one definitely older demographic, whether you keep the hardcore, you know, gym girl type thing. And that's fine. But definitely try and resonate with an older demographic. But you may even want to open up to a little bit more of gen pop, right? And this comes down to like coaching philosophy and like just at the end of the day, who you really want to work with. But at the end of the day, like, as I mentioned before, gym goers, if they are going to invest it, they probably want to go to like the highest authority in the space. You know, they want to go to someone who's competed at high levels, who probably more than likely, clearly takes a lot of gear, that type of thing, right? If that's their mindset, right? Whereas the more gen pop people, they don't have the knowledge as much, right? Which makes sense for them to want to invest into a coach more. And they're usually, you know, again, if you move into a higher age bracket, usually have the funds to be more likely to invest.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, like, it's easy. Easier said than done, but that's where it's really important to learn how to pick content pieces apart. Because that is exactly why I make these style of content pieces now. Because what this essentially does is it creates, and again, this comes back into the polarizing thing, I'm talking to exactly who I want to attract. I'm making these videos because I want to attract, again, I speak in a way that suits the demographic of late 20s to 30s, but I want to attract guys that are ready to take accountability for the fact that their life's not where they want to be, and they're ready to have someone to have those harder conversations with them of what they need to hear rather than what they want to hear. Because the guys that have finally gotten into that mindset, they're willing to invest, they're willing to put in the work, and they want someone who's going to be upfront and straight with them. So I only want to talk to those people. In the same sentence, I'm also excluding all the others. These two videos are great, great examples of it, excluding all the other people of if you want a coach that's going to hold your hand and say that what you're doing is fine and you're perfect the way you are and you don't need to change and the world around you should change, and you want to keep making these excuses, then I'm not the guy for you. You shouldn't like me. You know what I mean? Yeah. Does that make sense? And equally the same side, James is the exact opposite of that. He doesn't want those guys that are, I guess, like more younger men in their 20s or 30s. He wants women in their 40s and 50s who have gone through menopause, who had all these different traumatic experiences in life that want to kind of shift a bit of the blame and they want someone there to, I guess, sympathize with them, if that makes sense. Because there's a demographic for both people and you can create coaching companies off both demographics, right? Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, yeah,
Kyle Musca: So it's like, and basically what, you know, so that's also something I would do is I'd like break down and kind of like look at, you know, how can you shift the style, not the style of content, but the way you approach things to suit those kind of demographics. So, for example, if you're going to talk about trades, use tradie terminology, talk about trades, you know, specifically you say those things in your videos where they make sense to bring up. So it's like, for me, for example, if I'm talking about like, you know, and these are slight word changes. it's like, instead of saying like, for example, most people, I'll say most men, you know what I mean? Because it's like, I don't really need to talk to females.
Michael: I don't coach females. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So very, very small changes. And that's why it's like kind of, again, easier said than done to switch something that is so relatively like, I guess, simple. But yeah, just gearing everything towards the exact avatar of who. you want to speak to.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And making sure that that avatar is a suitable candidate to actually be able to invest into, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that goes, you know, again, like there's so many different ones that you can get out there. Like, for example, you know Alex Mendoza, yeah?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So Alex used to pop off mad in like organic social media. I don't know what happened to his account. Like it just took a mad hit. He does really well through ads and everything like that. Don't get me wrong. But he geared his entire coaching company towards helping Asian men fix their health and confidence. Yeah. It's like, what the  does that even, you know, what, you know, what does race have to do with, you know, men wanting to lose weight or improve their health dominance? Yeah. to the viewer, it's like, whoa. Well, you know, there are a million and one different coaches out there. So, you know, this guy who's talking to me about what it's like to be a Filipino, he very much, you know, digs on. And their sort of cultures and upbringing and ideologies and everything like that, they're going to go with him, right? Rather than even me who talks about just men in general.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. Yeah. So, and I would also, so on the reversal of that, the flip side of that, I would get, I'd be cautious about not, like, doing it to a generic niche. So, like, the biggest mistake I see here is, like, you'll have this conversation with someone and they'll go away and be like, okay, I want to work with corporate men or I want to work with executives, right? Like, because they've got money, right? Like, that is, you know, mean, like, no one, the avatar has to identify themselves as. That avatar, right? So that's why doing it with trades works because tradies identify themselves as being a tradie, right? Whereas, you know, John, who is a corporate accountant, doesn't necessarily identify his whole personality around being a corporate accountant. You know what mean? Yeah, yeah, What his personality might be is, you know, a loving dad who wants to be in the best shape of his life for his kids to grow up, right? That's who he may identify with. So it's like getting, making sure that the avatar is actually understands who they are.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Does that make sense? Any questions on that?
Michael: No, no, no. I know what you're saying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, I feel like we've covered a lot here. Perfect. But I would definitely follow Aaron's because he's getting like a lot of attraction organically now. Thank you. That's because he's really defined who that is.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Now, the other thing is it's always good to have like a bit of a campaign sort of in the works, man. So you ran the seven-day coaching thing.
Michael: How did you sort of go off then? Oh, the plans. Yeah. Like the plans. Yeah, good. had the second guy just started on it today. First guy was like roughly three weeks ago, three-ish weeks ago. But yeah, it went all right. Yeah, I just kind of onboarded them into like my system and everything for a week. Did check-in after that week and then just sort of went from there. The last guy I did it with. Yeah. Just said that he was like, oh, like right now, I'm , like swapping jobs or some . But said that like, when he does decide to get a coach, like he'll let me know or some . But, nah, it's going all right at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. So I assume you probably do that check-in call as like a normal check-in call?
Michael: Like, sort of. And then just like kind of like a sales call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Honestly, I would just go straight. So it's called the tripwire. Like they jump on for one thing and you kind of like go straight in, like not straight in, but you go into the close essentially. But I would basically just go straight into that call. Like, you know, you might want to like have a chat to them about how they've gone for the week, quickly review their stuff. But basically be like, man, I really want to understand, you know, a little bit more about yourself and I guess like why this is important just to give you a bit of direction moving forward. Um. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I guess. then from now, we just go straight into the sales script. I mean, why is this important? Why did you decide to do this challenge, man? Why not just sort of keep pushing down the road? Yadda, yadda, yadda. And just like, because again, that script is designed to get them into that emotional, get those sort of topics and thoughts top of mind so they take action on it.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But what I would, yeah. Because like what I would probably do if I was you, is I would spend the time sitting down and I would plan out. So if you've got your structures of all your hard CTAs, your direct CTAs, all that stuff throughout the week, probably like maybe on a Friday or something like that. So you can get them started by Monday or whatever it is. Then I would probably sit down and I would look at what can you do probably four different offers for four different weeks, weeks across each month. So it's like maybe the first week or maybe three, if you did the seven day free challenge. For two weeks, for example. So it's like maybe week one of the first week of the month, you do the seven-day offer thing and you push that really hard. Then seven-day challenging. Then let's say week two, you do whatever that second offer is. And then week three, you do the seven-day offer again. And then week four, you might do a big one. Like week four, I'd probably have it as your biggest one and really, really try and push that and push it as like, I only do this once every single month.
Michael: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Cool. Do you have a group chat, by the way, in your coaching?
Michael: Like internal? Yeah, just on Instagram.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, does it pop off?
Michael: No, I can't land.
Kyle Musca: It's not super. Yeah. So that's something else I would probably start focusing on as well, man. Like, you'd think, like, my thought was when I created, like, oh, it's just going to be a bunch of dudes. Dudes don't like chatting in group chats all day. It's not going to do very well. But, like, so essentially what I did is I created it and then I gave myself my coach's structure. So it's like every single Monday I'll do a motivation thing to hype the lads up for the week. Wednesday, one of the coaches will do a win shouting at a client. Friday, another coach will do a win shouting at a client, right? Yeah. We just did that to start and, you know, it was okay to start with. It wasn't anything crazy. But now, like, I can't even check the chat because every  time I do, there's, like, 80 missed messages and they're just going in there back and forth all day, 24-7, which is really, really what you want because when you create a group chat, man, like that, it enforces more of a community. Aspects of people, it's, like, good retention. Sort of like retention method, because people won't want to leave because they'll feel like they're, you know, leaving a community of people or friends, essentially.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? It's also really good to like make announcements and everything like that in there and just strengthen your relationship with them, essentially, with them and within the community.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: And that's another like really, really big thing in terms of like retention and everything, like self-accountability and everything like that, is like you want your team members to be able to identify themselves, again, same as what we said with the tradies and share, you want them to be able to identify themselves as a part of your tribe, right? Because humans are very tribalistic. We've been in tribes ever since humans were ever a thing because it's a safety mechanism, essentially, right? So people love community. They love to feel like they're a part of a tribe. And if you can get that, man, people, that's when you start to form like a little bit of a cult. audience, right? Is when they really feel a part of something bigger than themselves. So like, you know, so for example, Adam Sullivan, EBT, right? He has Cunnys. Everyone that's, you know, wears, you know,  with his community is part of the Cunnys community. They buy his shirt, they buy all his merch, they buy the gummies, they buy his coaching packages, you know, they buy everything from him because they feel like a tribe member, right? Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's something I would probably also look at implementing for you is like, if you already got the group chat, then fantastic. But I would probably look at doing like a Monday, Wednesday, Friday kind of structure and reminder thing for yourself in terms of, you know, getting them to start feeling better about communicating. That's also another thing I do is like on my onboarding process is I get every new client to introduce themselves and their goals just to break the ice of them actually.
Michael: Yeah, okay. Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. And then on that, do you use Notion at all?
Michael: Yeah, a little bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's with the structure stuff, man, that's probably what I would recommend using for it. So it's like every Monday, that Monday motivation trigger goes off. Every Wednesday, that Wednesday wind goes off. Every Friday, that  whatever Friday's thing goes off. You just don't have to think about it. just a thing you do every single week.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool work. Well, I feel like we covered a fair bit in that. But I think if we can focus on that, focus on really identifying who you want to speak to, I would definitely shift it up, man. Like I ran into so many issues with just younger guys that they just could never afford anything. It was like probably one of the biggest hurdles I faced in my business ever. So I would really focus on trying to shift that demographic up. A little bit. And just getting some really good clarity on who exactly you want to bring into the business. Who exactly do you want to work with?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. Cool, man. Any questions on any of that stuff at all?
Michael: Not at the moment, but I probably will think of some.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you have any questions, just let me know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then there was that last thing as well. Just watching your videos. Yeah. I'm sure you probably read the message. I reckon try and, if you do do the talking head ones, I reckon try and slow it down a little bit and try and just like deepen the voice. Because you'll notice, I don't know if you notice in the videos and stuff, but when I'm talking here in real life versus when I, you know, make content, my voice is like a little bit deeper. I kind of just do that naturally now. Yeah. But that's because, like, you want to come from that sort of, again, authoritative, confident perspective. think know, know, know, you you. Fast feels rushed. Rush doesn't feel confident, right? And if you read human psychology books, you'll notice there's a trend of like all the, you know, professors and authors and everything like that. they're narrating it themselves, they'll talk really deep and they'll talk really slow.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for sure. And you kind of think like people won't watch it if it's not engaging and it's not quick, which 100% is a good thought process to have. But even if you look at someone like higher up wellness, it's like, he's not sort of like rushing. And I'm guilty of this too, when I make that style of content, but he's not, he doesn't like, you know, rush it. He talks very calm. He talks very collected. And he talks at a, not a slow pace, but not a fast pace.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Sweet, bro. Well, I think, yeah, if we focus on that, then, and slowly start just to refine your content, I definitely think just double down. Yeah.


>>> 60/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-09T09:47:12Z | id:112989761
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Yeah, nice, man. So you drove down to Byron, did you?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, we just drove down, dropped off the dogs and  at me and Mrs. Mum's house and that. So, no, it was a good little road trip.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice, man. Nice. It's cool. Well, man, I won't sort of keep you too long, man. We'll rip into what we need to rip in and then you can get back to it. Main thing I just want to run over now is just preparation for the ads, man. Yeah. So. So, though, essentially, have you got any questions or anything that you want to cover first before I start rambling on?
Arran Humphreys: No, once you sort of give me a rundown, then I've got questions and . Once you sort of, I'm sure you'll answer some things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So, I mean, it's a fairly easy process. So, one, we're just going to get the creatives all done up, the graphics, get the ads filmed, get them edited. If you need an editor, I've got them for you. So, from them in, we'll keep everything native to Instagram. So, essentially, what that means is we'll get the setters into your account, just about, like, reply back to DMs and everything.
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: They don't have to, like, log into your account or anything like that. We'll set it up through ManyChat. Have you got ManyChat?
Arran Humphreys: I downloaded it. I haven't used it for anything yet.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah. So, you'll need the pro marketing features there, like the pro version.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. And then... then... What I'll need to do, man, is I'll get my Cappy guy, Michael. He'll need to jump in there and he'll essentially set up the flow and then he'll attach the conversion API to the back end of the flow. That's super important. That's that $250 USD.
Arran Humphreys: It's a once-off thing, but definitely well worth it. that's the thing that helps target the ads correctly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So super, super important. I'm like, for me now, man, like cost per result and cost per lead should never really be the same just because cost per result is like anyone that clicks on the ad. Cost per lead is, again, people that have engaged and they're qualified, like they have jobs and  like that. So you expect there's typically a pretty big discrepancy in them. Mine's been in there for probably about six months or so now, maybe more. And my cost per result and cost per lead for two of my campaigns are like the same, which is crazy. It doesn't sound crazy from an outside perspective, but like it's crazy. It means everybody messaging through. On the ad is a qualified lead, someone I do actually want to talk to.
Arran Humphreys: That's pretty crazy, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So Puzzle definitely helped me just scale the ads in the short term as well. So it's super, super important. Cool. That's a once-off fee. That shouldn't be, that should be fine. Then the setters, man. You'll have to have a chat with her. I'll have a chat with her as well about the sort of structures in terms of payment. I believe, again, have a chat with her. She might let you get away with $6 USD an hour and then $25 per sale. Usually it's like, it might sometimes, I think she starts usually with $7 USD an hour and $50 per sale. But because you've come through me, you obviously get a better rate.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay, sweet. So when you say per, like, sale, is that them getting them on a call or is that if I close them on the call?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, only if you close them.
Arran Humphreys: So they become fine. Yeah, okay, sweet.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. Um, now in terms of the setters man, I, so bare minimum I would do is six, six hours a day.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Um, just, and that's through peak times. So you, I would probably do 8am to 10am, 12 to 2pm. And then if you're doing six hours, maybe like maybe six to 8pm. Um, ideally that nighttime is probably where you'll start to like, you'll see an influx of leads. Um, so whether you started at six and six to 8pm to initially start with, um, but eventually you very much more than likely will want to get it from like 4pm to 8pm.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Or you might even want to shift away from that two to, uh, sorry, 12 to 2pm and then shift that to hours. it's 4 to 8pm and then you just sort of be in there going ham on replies.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The idea with this is we get a lot of  messages and it becomes very, very tedious.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, even at the moment, it was like,  all these  messaged me, and I was like, oh, .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. When you run out, man, it's like you get a lot more, and there's a lot more drug use.
Arran Humphreys: You're like, , dude. Yeah, man. I had a really big week, like, as in got a lot of clients. I had heaps of leads, but he said dog  leads as well. And it's just like, oh, , so this way I said 20 minutes talking to you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that happens, man. The good thing about, like, this system is, like, once it's set up, man, and don't get me wrong, the setters, you sure have to plug someone into your account. It will take some time for them to get used to it, right? Yeah. So super important that you pay close attention to the conversations. Like, don't just let it  go off in the background. You just don't think about it. Pay close attention to the conversations. Screenshot anything and everything that you're not happy with. Or even just, like, to correct them in terms of wording.
Arran Humphreys: Be like, you know, next time this comes up. Can you just say XYZ? Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And give them that feedback. Like that's super important. Like any hire, you just need to train them into the role. Once the person gets a feel for your tonality and how you speak and all that .
Arran Humphreys: And again, they'll be running it through ChatGPT and everything like that. It should be pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. What I'll also do for that, man, is I'll create a project with them. You won't have to worry about this. They'll do it themselves. But essentially, I'll send you some documents just to get your tonality and everything like that down pat. And then they'll essentially feed everything through ChatGPT. So it's a nice personalized response.
Arran Humphreys: Doesn't sound  robotic and everything like that. It actually tries to match your tonality. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Cool. Cool. yeah. Even at the moment, like I try and just get them out of the DMs as quick as possible and on a call. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's all it is. It's just goal, struggle, qualification. Let's work on the goal.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's all you want. You don't want to  talk and go back and forth, DM.
Arran Humphreys: No.
Kyle Musca: Have I seen you the setting script, man?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Oh, like all me scripts for the ads?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: You sent me that.
Kyle Musca: This is... got so many of these things now.
Arran Humphreys: How's Tom aligned?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good, man. Tons, ... So... Thank Best place ever. Have you been over here?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, I've been in Bali a heap.
Kyle Musca: I wanted to do Thailand this year, but... Yeah, Bali's like the way better version of Thailand.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, sorry. The other way, yeah. Yeah, that's what I've heard, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I will send you just my one if this is going to be a  wing bar. I would rather not do that. Do you have a setting screen template? Here we go. This is the one. So I've tried to make this nice and, you know, as it says, clean, just so it's, like, less confusing. All I'd need you to do, man, just come in here, create a copy. So every time I send you a template, that's all you ever have to do is just come in, make a copy, and then it's yours. And just read out of it, you know, Aaron, setting script, whatever. And then just come through reword. But the good news is, like, you probably won't need to change your wording. A crazy amount compared to mine, but I would change it to a degree, so I can see we're not saying the same . So what I'll do, man, is I'll, so there's two parts to this script, right? There's the pre-call booking, right, which is just about, again, goal, struggle, qualification, book a call. Then there's the post-call booking. This is where this  starts to become really important in when you're tapping into these colder audiences, man. Obviously, as long as they follow the script, it should be fine. But essentially, all we want to do is reinforce the show operate, reinforce them, letting us know if something does pop up, and then how to contact you, how to get on the call.
Arran Humphreys: So it basically just reinforces and makes things super  clear for people. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then what I'll get you to do, let me send this through one by one. So I'll send this one, and then I'll show you, I'll My actual one, because I changed mine a little bit, like 99, 95% of it's the same, but like just a few minor details I'll shoot.
Arran Humphreys: It's good, but it's kind of perfect timing, man, because by the time I get everything filmed and that, I'll be fully finished. I've only like seven days left on site and then I'm done. So then it's it, because at the moment, bro, I had to always have calls after like us, real late in the afternoon in that. So it was just always hard to book people in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no, 100%. It'll free up heaps, man. Like, you'll have so much more time and energy to sort of focus on pumping out more content.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, because it's been sort of, I've just been  pushing to get everything done, but now I can actually, you know, get everything done really good. And just pump more and more content, which will be sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Oh, yeah, you go, sorry.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah, like since we last talked, bro, I've gained like, went up like 2,000 followers, I've gained an hour, and that is good, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice, man, yeah. Yeah, as I saying to you on WhatsApp, man, I think it's just like the consistency you have, especially through that period where everyone, like everyone  took a step back, man. You just sort of like very easily stand out when you're doing that. And I'm loving how your stories and everything like are looking. Like, it's just filled with social proof with your clients, you, everything like that. And I think, like, that's a very big intent for, like, inconsistency thing, because, like, you do. You that one week in a row. It's like no one really notices, but you do that  a month in a row. All of a sudden, it's like this guy's just  pumping out crazy transmissions.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, and you've got that dialed, which is like, and you've got the content dialed, which is like why I said I'm pretty confident that the ad should do well for you.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm  keen, man, to see how it goes. Pretty excited.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely, man. So, this is mine. I sent you this just for reference. Most of it's still the same. There's like more  into it, but basically the script starts from here. A few things with this. It's in an actual other DM script as well, like this one, same thing. But you'll see this question. Are you potentially looking at getting help with the coach? I think I actually added a clause in here for that. Yeah, so don't send a start with. At least getting a lot of people. So, essentially, the reason I added that in there is because I was getting like... Like a fair few people getting on the call. like, oh, I thought it was free. You know what mean? It's just like, oh, I'm retarded. So again, if you're getting, if there's a problem, you just add in a level of qualification, right? Yeah. I wouldn't start with that though.
Arran Humphreys: Like, because it's another level of friction. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'd probably like leave that out just to begin. So it's just like qualification, sick as bro. In that case, how about we line up a call and chat about what option may suit you best. So you just go straight into the call.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. then the only other main difference is, I guess the wording around this is a little bit different here. Like my post-booking floor is a little bit different. So in the normal one, I'd probably keep it the same. There doesn't seem to be a massive difference between the two since I changed it. But this one's sort of like, you know, if something pops up, just let us know. Whereas mine's kind of like, like, will you absolutely be able to make that? So I kind of like, you know, and then I do say later if something pops up or something, but it's more so like confirming that they will be able to make the call. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Otherwise, if something pops up, shoot me a message and here's a link. So other, and then the only other difference, man, is you'll see I have two links here, right? So on this one, it just has one. Basically, this is just like a little VSL that kind of like one pushes social proof and again reinforces the shop rate. So what I'll do as well is I'll send you that so you can form it to be your own.
Arran Humphreys: So what's the VSL is like? It's like a video, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Is that what it is? Yeah, so it's a video sales letter. So this isn't technically a VSL. It's more of like a, like a, like it's just meant to enforce the shop, right? Essentially, but it is technically like we are putting social proof in it, but we're basically saying. I'll show you in a sec. I'll just find it. We're basically just saying, show up on time, be ready to  sign up. You know, if you have to talk to a partner, talk to your partner. So we're trying to, like, overcome a few objections before they even, you know, like, trying to frame them for the call to make sure that they're in the right mindset to do it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Once you film this as well, just send it through to me and I'll have a watch as well. Okay. I'll show this. Again, don't change this one.
Arran Humphreys: Make a copy of it.
Kyle Musca: Post-booking. I'm just going to call it yourself. Cool. So essentially, I'll just play the video. It's going to be easier. All right. So you've booked in a call and you're taking the very first step in becoming the happiest, healthiest, strongest version of yourself. In a short two to three-minute one video, I'm going run you through exactly what to expect on the call, everything you need to prepare in order to make it as valuable as possible. When you film this as well, you can see this up and down like 1.5, 1.2.
Arran Humphreys: That saves.
Kyle Musca: So once I want open, it saves. You can actually get a bit of insight on how we do things. And lastly, I'm going to give you a resource that is going to make the call literally 10 times more valuable. So make sure you stick all the way through to the end. With that being said, let's dive right in. Now, step number one, please just make sure that you actually show up in time. And we'll be jumping on this and call all the people in the call at the time schedule. Your time is valuable, so is mine and my team's. At the end of the day, we do block out that entire hour specifically just for you. And we do do preparation to make sure that we're not just rocking up empty-handed and wasting your time as well. So if you're not showing up, it wastes our time massively. And it's not like booking a meeting or showing up to a job site and the other guy just doesn't show up. It's like, cheers. So make sure you respect our time as we respect your time and just show up in the The other thing on that as well is make sure you actually make this a priority. Like if you can't show up to the very first step in order to actually map this out, get to the root of what you're struggling with, then I guarantee you're going to struggle with everything else. You're going struggle with getting to the gym, following your meal plan, following the structure. And if, you know, I took a wild guess, you probably struggle massively with accountability. So make sure you actually prioritize it so we can get to the root and then you can have a game plan moving forward on what you need to fix. Now, step number two, be ready to learn and ask questions. more questions you ask, the better, and be ready to actually take on board the advice that we can give you. Now, step number 1.3, guess you call it, if you can't make it, I get it, life happens, just let us know. Like, we need to reschedule or whatever because something has come up, you need to call it to work. Whatever the case may be, just make sure they'll let us know. Now, in saying that, you know, we get at least one guy a day saying that there's an emergency that's popped up last minute or something, you know, crazy ridiculous that happens once in a lifetime has popped up. All right, so if something happens, just be honest. If you're too lazy to show up and it's not a priority, just be honest, right? Take it head first. Be honest with us. We only want to work with guys that actually want to help themselves. So I only added that in there because I, again, was actually getting quite a lot of people  saying that.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, bro, all I have  coming out with the most outrageous  excuses, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like I was saying, I was pissed off. was like, just don't  come to me and say there's a last minute emergency, right? So again, like, you know, you don't want to, like, drill on something too hard if it hasn't been a problem previously and you just kind of think it's a problem. I would only add something in, like, if it's an actual problem, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now, as a special thank you, Josh, for showing up, all we need to do is drop a keyword. So that first slide essentially was three. Forcing, up, bro. Don't  screw around, shut up. Bonus on the call. And we're send you our ultimate guide to optimize your body module, usually valued at $199, but we can give it away absolutely free. So just by showing up, we can give you all the information that you need on how to optimize your body and your performance to get the best result possible. Now, step number two, be ready to take action. And the reason I say this is because success loves speed. I speak to so many guys all the time who are constantly sitting on the fence who have been thinking about it for months and even years. And the only reason that they haven't succeeded is because they've never taken action. The longer you sit and think about it, the less likely it ever comes into fruition. So be ready to take speed. If you have to speak to any decision makers besides yourself before the call, be ready to invest in your health. Make sure you have those conversations. Now, if you've got to ask your wife, whatever the case may be, make sure you have this chat with her and make sure she understands why you're actually getting on the call. Because it's very hard for someone else to understand the problems you're dealing with if you haven't properly expressed them. So this goes far beyond just losing a couple of kilos. If it's affecting your mental health, if you're feeling a little bit insecure, you don't like a man looking in the mirror, make sure you express that. Because those are the things that we're ultimately going to change. Yes, losing 5, 10, 20 plus kilos is great. But the lifestyle shift and the benefits that you're actually going to get by the end of it far, far, far outweighs both physically and mentally. So make sure that they really understand why you're jumping on the ball. Now, If we do decide that we're both a good fit for each other and that we can actually help you get to the best physical and mental shape of your life, we would like to set things up on the call just so we can get you started, get you up and running as soon as possible. Again, success, love, speed. The longer we push things out, the less likely it will Now, step number three, make sure you're just open to feedback. On the call, we're going to be taking a deep dive into your biggest struggles with your health and fitness, your ultimate goals, and then we're to build a game plan on the call for the next few months. So if you're very uptight, you're very sort of, I guess, reserved and you're not willing to share what you're struggling with and your ultimate dream outcomes, it's going to be very hard for us to actually map things out. So be ready to actually, I guess, in a way, be a little bit vulnerable because at the end of the day, we're here to help you. And make sure you actually think about things leading up to the call as into why you actually want to get this change done. Then, if it makes sense for both of us, we'll extend you an invitation to join our coaching program. Now, we've helped thousands of different guys get in the best physical and mental shape of their life, and there is no reason that you can't be next. If you're ready to prioritize it, after the day, you vote with your time, your energy, and your resources today for the person you want to become tomorrow. So if you're ready to prioritize it, you're ready to trust the process, there is no reason why you can't be next. So, yeah, there's nothing crazy, it just reinforces shopper, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, that's that. Now the second one, I'm not going to play the second one, but I sent you it so you can have a look through it. This basically just runs them through the app. So it's like just so people, the reason I added this is because like, you know, it's very hard to say, you know, we're going to give you a custom training program and meal plan and stuff. It's like, people don't actually know what that looks like.
Arran Humphreys: That could just be a  PDF. That could be a Google spreadsheet. It could be a bunch of words on paper.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. My app actually looks  really cool. So I wanted to show, you know, the actual, like what the meal plan looks like. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Show them what the actual meal plans look like, how they can track, how easy it is, how much structure has it got, you know, et cetera, et cetera, et So I added that in there, but that's not necessary.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yep.
Arran Humphreys: Any questions on that? No, that's pretty, that makes sense. I can definitely do that. But that's good. That would be handy just telling them I'm on the call too. So then they actually know. When you put it on on that, you want them to actually  follow through while we're on the phone, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So what I'll also do here as well, man, is, so this is the Cappy guy. Oh, yep. Just say, just message him, just say, yeah, just message him and say, like, you've come from me and everything like that. You basically just want to set up the mini-chat floor and conversion API, Cappy. Okay, yep. Yep. So, and then this is Clemé's number as well. Clemé will manage the DM setters for you. She probably needs, she'll need a few days to sort of find one and implement it. So we've got, you know, essentially a week from now.
Arran Humphreys: We should have put you on there.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then... then... then... And And then... And And Do you use Calendly?
Arran Humphreys: No, not like religious. I use Google Calendar. To book a call? To book a call. I've got it. I've got Calendly set, ready to go, but not at the moment because I hadn't been getting that many. So I'd just been like booking, putting it in my calendar, if that makes sense. But I've got it all set up and that.
Kyle Musca: How much do spend on Calendly? How much is the subscription?
Arran Humphreys: I think it's like... I don't know. I had a free trial. just said it.
Kyle Musca: It's fine. Oh, yeah. To be fair... I'd have to look in it. I can't remember. But to be fair, I think it's... If it's just you, then I think it's free and then Calendly can kind of like log into your account. Otherwise, if you want to just start from scratch, it's not like absolutely necessary just yet. But as you grow out your business and everything like that, eventually... We'll want to transition over to it. So it's like you might want to get familiarized with it earlier rather than later, as well as just like building a CRM, is getting a high-level setup.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, well, that's what I was thinking of doing. I was thinking about doing that anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like $97 a month. It accesses your booking system, keeps your CRM all in one place, which we probably won't do too much with right now. But it's like, you know, in the future, you may look at doing, we very well will look at doing more with it. But so it's like, that just saves you having to  transition over everyone and like upload them and all that .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, righto. Yeah, I wouldn't mind getting familiar with it anyway. It seems like a pretty good, pretty good program.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Looks complicated when you first get it, but like, all you need to do is just understand the calendar, which is so  easy. And then also really good for teams and stuff like that. So it's like, instead of, you know, if you use Canly and having, you need , um, climate.
Arran Humphreys: Log in there and , and she gets logged out, and there's two accusations, and this is annoying, whereas this, you can just add a team in there, and then they can just go and book the catalog, call straight in for you. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And this links up with your own calendar and everything like that. If you get closers and all that , it makes it nice and easy just to see everything.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, sweet.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. That's pretty much it. Oh, yeah, the other thing as well is you'll need to create an ads manager account. Have you created that?
Arran Humphreys: So, I've got one in it, but it might be a bit all  up because I, because only Facebook was linked and it's connected to my clothing brand, but I'll see if I, I'll unlink it and have it on just, because then you just want it just my personal account, hey? And then it'll link to my meta, my Facebook as well, won't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you need to link link it. We don't know anything through the Facebook page that doesn't need a profile picture or anything. Just for some weird reason, they just make you link it through a page. But yeah, so yeah, essentially play around with it. If you've already got an overall business account, you don't need to necessarily create a whole new business account. can just create a new ad account. So what that essentially means is this overall is the business account, right? Yeah. But then you'll see if you come into settings and you'll see ad accounts and then you can just create a new ad account.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. So yeah, right. I'll log on there and I'll have a play with it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The most part should be streamlined. Sometimes meta, it's either it'll work fine for you, you won't have any issues, or it'll be a company and you  spend 10 hours on it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, man, I spent, I was just about throwing my computer into the wall a few times, so I was trying to figure it out, trying to figure it out.
Kyle Musca: So it's pretty, it's not really that straightforward, to be honest, but like, the only ones you really need is like ad account, create an ad account, or if you've already got it, and then all you need to do is just come into People, you'll invite me, so just ask me for my email, send it through to you. And then you'll just invite me, email address, and then, right?
Arran Humphreys: Do we have to make like a pixel or anything like that?
Kyle Musca: So that's essentially what the conversion API will do.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
Arran Humphreys: Because that's what I was struggling with.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so conversion API is like... The same thing, it's a data tracking tool, but a pixels for like a website, if we're doing like landing page stuff, but you won't have to do that. If we ever do do that , someone else will do it for us. And then in terms of access, like once you invite me, just give me full control there. Give me like your click on that.
Arran Humphreys: Easiest just to give me full control of everything, like Facebook page, ad accounts, pixels, we won't even know we won't.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I guess the conversion API is still there, so we probably shouldn't do that. Instagram account, we won't use a WhatsApp account, but whatever. That's just so easy to I can just set everything up without like worrying about  restrictions and permissions and .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. And then, so yeah, you have to add me as people, and then you have to come into, if you do that, you will. Assign me to all those things. It should add me automatically to pages, ad accounts, and Instagram accounts. As long as you add me as a person, I may even have to assign myself, so it doesn't really make sense why they do that. But as long as you add me as a person, we can figure it out.
Arran Humphreys: That's easier after that point. Yeah, okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: And then that will be pretty much it, man.
Arran Humphreys: We will be good to go from that point onwards. Okay, sweet. So with those, with the ad scripts, so each, so there's all the different hooks, and then there's the main. So you want to do all the different hooks, and then like that main body, and then all separate videos.
Kyle Musca: Yes. So essentially, yeah, so you'll film the hooks each once, and you film the body once, and you'll film like everything there from, So you just film everything once, essentially. And I'll show you what that looks like. This. Oh, okay. So let's go this. This one. So essentially you'll see like, yeah, challenge 1A, challenge 1B, challenge 1D, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So those are the different hooks. So I wonder if this will do it by name. Yes, beautiful. Oh, you fucker. So this is, and then. You know, a good, a good, if you want to have a look at these as well, actually probably better, or if you want to have a look at someone who's running an ad, this is what you do. You just type in ads library. And then this will show you all the active ads someone's running.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Right. So, if you want to, like, and that's just cool to know in general, but if you want to, like, come in and have a look at, you know, how I filmed them, for example. Let me guess, you spent all 2025 working hard, prioritizing everyone else besides yourself. Now, when you look in the mirror, you think, what the  happened? If that sounds like you, this is your chance to make 2026 the year you finally get back on top of your health and fitness. Now, let's be real. You probably spent 2025 hiding under.
Arran Humphreys: So with them hooks, man, do reckon just the same location, the same outfit and ?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's fine. Just make sure they're like different backgrounds. So for example, I'm excited to announce that I've officially just launched my brand new 2026 EMP Shred Challenge. So if you've got 10 to 20 plus kilos of fat to cut, this is literally the perfect opportunity to do so. So if you spend 2025 feeling disappointed with the bit, I'm excited to announce that I've officially just launched my brand new 2026 EMP Shred Challenge. Now every year you've got two types of it, the ones that say they're going to make a change, and the ones that actually makes a change. See, that was just a bit different there.
Arran Humphreys: Very, very simple. Just a bit different.
Kyle Musca: So we just split tested there. All right, lads, I'm excited to announce it.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. And then in terms of the graphics, man, they should look kind of like this. Nice, simple. Cool. They should look like native to Instagram. Okay. I didn't, what the  was that? Oh, you prick. So they should look nice and native to Instagram.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I would actually create them in Instagram, that's what I mean.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I would do that. It's easy. And then everything, change colours around, change photos, and all that , so they're all different. Yeah, right, yeah, yeah. So what is your opinion, like, I reckon I'll do one in the gym, sort of similar to what you were doing there, and then I can get on, like, a job site and do one on a job site to try it out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. I would.
Arran Humphreys: Like, I can  wear me high-vis , wear me high-hat and that.
Kyle Musca: And then I'll do it. Yeah. And then just speak with the editor. If you're going to do that, I would just get a lot of overlays in there, show your training, show your physique, and then you'll have the mix of the two kind of aspect.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Do you think it would work if you did the hook and then it just transitioned into me in the gym? Or would that be too blocky? You reckon just do all the talking, same spot, and then just overlay? In the gym.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you could try it, man. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Play it around with it. Just get it, there you go. Yeah. Yeah, righto.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Worth a try.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I would do, like I was about to say, like I've, the last ones I did that were doing really well was me just sitting down and talking straight to the camera.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I think I see them pop up on my feed, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which you can do. For these first ones, though, I would probably do, like, that style that I just said. There's nothing stopping you from doing both, you know what mean? Like, you have multiple different versions to split test. So split test, you change the hook, you change the environment, you change the, you know, targeting, you maybe have some long, you have some short. You just change, like, little variables. Split testing is weird, man. Like, kind of like content, it's  impossible to predict. Like, literally changing one sentence at the start can  double or triple your cost per lead.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's why we do it. But we only need to find one winner, so it's like, if we give them 16 creators, it should be able to find one winner.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, right-o, man. As soon as I get stuck into doing all of them, get them all done, then we'll be able to get the ball rolling from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. What I would do probably over the weekend, there's no massive rush on it, I guess, but probably chat to Michael and chat to Clemé, especially Clemé, just so she has a bit of time to go find someone. Oh, that was one other thing I wanted to find for you as well, real quick, man, is, yes, yes, so if you fill out this questionnaire for me, get it back to me, um, what I'll essentially do... So what I'll do is I'll go do a bunch of deep research, basically around everything that you can put into that set of tone document I just sent you through there.
Arran Humphreys: So again, just make a copy and send it back. Yeah, okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: That is pretty much everything we need, I believe. It's not an overly complicated thing.
Arran Humphreys: It's just about getting it started and refining it. Yeah. And then just flowing from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
Arran Humphreys: I was going to ask you out of curiosity in that. Like, how do you, you know, like yourself, Sage, and that, like, how do you, when you get to that level, actually bring another coach? Like, how do you pay them in that? Is it per client they have?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, the biggest thing with bringing on a coach, man, is just making sure you've got the lead. Lead flow to do it. We'll give you a complete flow, and it'll prove them, like, you could bring on a coach , you know, I wouldn't do it in a week, but, like, you know, within a month, realistically, it  went that well. And then coaches are, like, the best hire you'll make, because it's like, you pay them, like, realistically to start with, probably an average of about $20 per client. And then, like, probably a max of $30 once they're experienced. And that just takes, like, that just buys back all your freedom.
Arran Humphreys: Like, you have all the  time in the world if someone can handle that.
Kyle Musca: And then, ultimately, at that point, your focus is on creating content and taking sales calls. They do the fulfillment. Works well for, like, both parties, because it's like, and we'll talk about this when we go to build a team, but you find someone who's essentially tried to build their own coaching business themselves, ideally, and they failed. Because they're, you know, they're a good coach, but they're just not a good marketer, right? That's, like, perfect coaching hire. Uh, uh, Um, and ideally you don't want someone who's too ambitious that they think that they can go do it themselves. Right. Um, and then you basically just say, look, all you need to do is focus on coaching. Um, realistically, like a check-in conservatively, it should take no longer than 20 minutes, uh, per client. So it's like, realistically, you should be able to pump out three of them an hour. Um, that's, you if we're doing $20 per client at the very base level, that's still $60 an hour. Right. Um, working right up to, you know, $90 plus. $60 an hour if we can get it to, you know, higher ticket packages. Uh, so that's just how you frame it. And great position for them, man. Like they work  basically part-time hours. can get paid over, you know, I did the calculations. think my coaches were doing like 20, 30 hours of work a week. Um, and I was paying them both over two grand each and it's, you know, fully remote. Um, they can do whatever they  want as long as the check-ins get done on time and get taken care of.
Arran Humphreys: I I'm like, obviously, when you get to that level, it's good to know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's an easy hire, not going to lie. It's one of your first actual hires in the business, so don't get me wrong. It's  the nerves there. But it's, in my experience, especially with men, a very easy hire.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sweet.
Kyle Musca: But we'll cross that when it comes. That all makes sense. All that's clear?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, man. Yeah, that all makes sense. So, no, it's all been going good, but it's all been going pretty sweet. This week's looking like maybe it's going to be another, like, it might be like a six and a half grand week. We're sitting at four and a half grand. So, and all me reoccurring normally comes through Saturday, Sunday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. Yeah, that's  awesome. And, yeah, just keep doing what you're doing on the organics, just because, like, that's what Sage was doing. You know, he just, he was good at keeping up with the organic stuff, keep it it on. And realistically, all the ads does is brings more eyeballs onto your page, more people to come interact with you, and you need that organic to just build that relationship, build that social proof, build that trust, and you're  pumping.
Arran Humphreys: You don't need a massive phone to do it. No. Yeah, so, and I'm going to, because one of my reels that I did, it was like, I was like just talking in the car. I did a trial reel, it was cool, because I did, I posted a trial reel, and then I posted it on my main, it did 150,000 on the trial reel, and then it did 50,000 on the main, so it sort of double-dipped it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Which was pretty cool.
Kyle Musca: I would probably, I wouldn't even bother with trial reels. I would, I mean, like, you can repost, I would repost it on trial reels, if you're going to do that.
Arran Humphreys: Well, it, it, it blocks it now. Like, if you, if you post it on the main first, and then you post it on trial reel, it says, this is. This will get no reach because it's already been shown.
Kyle Musca: So what it's probably doing there is reading the videos, sort of coding or whatever. So you might want to just do edits again, maybe change, tweak a little bit about it or something. And then try it again, see if it works.
Arran Humphreys: It might be a thing, but... Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I just wouldn't... I mean, trial reels are cool, but, like, you know, if you get something that's going to go viral on your account, man, you want that on your feed.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: If it's going to go viral on a trial reel, it will go viral on your actual account.
Arran Humphreys: On an actual account, yeah. Well, I've got a few comments and that on there that I'll want to do, like, a response to, to try and pick up again from it. Do you reckon that works sometimes? Like, reply, video replies to comments? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, you can. Like, they don't really go, um... But, like, they go. they don't Just I mean, they can go viral. don't think Instagram pushes that style of content anymore.
Arran Humphreys: Nah.
Kyle Musca: But you can try it. It's good to, that type of stuff, man, is good to, like, just create a bit of a, you know, open communication with your following, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know, they might see you reply to someone else's comment, so they want to reply to see if they get a reply from you, type thing.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah. And, yeah, your Instagram is building some really good traction at moment, so I think just keep doubling down on that, keep growing. Oh, you there? Oh. Oh.


>>> 61/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-14T06:39:26Z | id:114074726
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Callum Hinze: How you going? How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. Fresh cuts.
Callum Hinze: Fresh cuts all around, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Nice.
Callum Hinze: Good barbers over there.
Kyle Musca: They're keeping you in check. Oh, I don't know. I've been too scared to try anything.
Callum Hinze: That's the hard thing, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I know. The beard's usually all right, but I don't know if I trust anyone with the hair as much. I'm to the point where I'm going to have to go ahead on a limb. Cool, man. We'll rip right in. How has this week gone overall?
Callum Hinze: Last week was a great week. I think I signed like, I think 11. No, not 11.
Kyle Musca: I think I signed 8 last week, which was nice. yeah. That's awesome. Okay. So, I'm not sure if you've noticed a little bit of a slowdown and maybe calls booked or whatever over the last couple of days. If so, the reason for that would be just because I, the challenge essentially ended. I had to like change the campaigns over and like get older, some of the old marketing stuff that we're doing back into play. So, just sort of looking at that, scaling that, and obviously we'll have to try and target it as well. Did you get a chance to read over the scripts and everything that I see now?
Callum Hinze: I haven't gone through all of them, but I'll probably be filming those tomorrow and getting those done ASAP.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. is heavily focused on so. Social proof for you because, like, you've got some, you know, pretty crazy transformations there. So, like, I use sort of social proof in terms of, like, this is, you know, Jack who lost 10 kilos, but obviously just tweak it so it suits your actual clientele.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, perfect. Perfecto. Yeah, I'll try and do those at least by the of the week. But the ones that are up now will keep us going at least for the next, what, week or so?
Kyle Musca: They should do as long as they, you know, pull through decently well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I saw the ones that were up and running, and I think those are the ones we ran in that weird period where the algorithm was all weird. So, it'd be cool to see how go this time, considering it seems to be running well again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, we'll just see how they go.
Callum Hinze: I'll play around with it. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: If worse comes to worse and we don't have any, the stuff, the new stuff created to fill in there, then I might even just try and refresh the campaigns and stuff. But, again, it'll just really depend on how they perform over time. Um. Um, okay, perfect. So eight sign, 9k in total revenue, which is fantastic. Um, and yeah, eight out of 11. So a really good close right there, man.
Callum Hinze: Um, yeah, yeah. I'm enjoying them. They're fun when they start to come back through again, eh?
Kyle Musca: 100%. Yeah. I mean, sales calls are like a weird thing. It's like when you're in on them and stuff and you're doing consistently, like it's, it's fine. It's even fun. Um, when you take some time off it and you're like, , I've got to do some sales calls again. Um, so it's like, it's good. Just kind of stay consistent to be honest with them.
Callum Hinze: And then you don't really get into that rut of not wanting to do them. Yeah. Any good flow with them now though?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. plenty of new signs.
Callum Hinze: How many clients does Liam currently have? Uh, as of next week, I think he'll be a little over 40 because I've had a few drop off over Christmas and stuff, but we've set the target for him to get up to 70, which I think is pretty realistic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you, if you remember. In front and center of the sales. then we just, ideally, all I want you to do is just like you handle sales and marketing, essentially, like just let's pump content.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's exactly what I like to do as well. I've still got a good chunk of my own clients, but they're the OGs that I'll hang on to. But yeah, 99% of the new guys, I just want to shift to him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful. How many current active clients do you personally manage?
Callum Hinze: It'd be around 50 or so, which is still like a fair few, but some are still on four, don't they? Check-ins and stuff, so it's not like it's checking in with them every single week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Honestly, once you get down to like, you know, whatever, obviously, you want to handle, but maybe like, you know, 20 or 30, for example, might even look at bringing out a higher ticket package where, you know, let's say it's five grand for six months and they get to work with you, but then Liam does like maybe a strategy call or like, you know, breaking down their week or educational series or something like that, you know what mean?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, I like that. I think I'm, I still have a few.
Kyle Musca: A clients have now that I'm probably starting to shift over to Liam anyway. Just to give him some more, but I'm not urgently pushing that. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, I would kind of like let your clients drop off a little bit more. So it's like, you know, you'd actually be happy to take them. don't want to kind of like fill yourself. I mean, if they're paying five grand for six months, I'm sure you'd be pretty happy with it. But yeah, ideally, we just want to make sure the marketing side of things is all dialed in properly. Yeah. How are you going with the lead magnet stuff?
Callum Hinze: Have you got much content done there? I've got the videos. Yeah, I was going to either, well, I was going to ask, did you want me to add like the call to action, like comment this for this lead magnet in the video or just keep it straight to the, in the caption? Because I've got the video. I just don't know if I need to add that part onto it or not.
Kyle Musca: I would, um, I would definitely have it in the video. Okay. Whether or not it's a comment or a DM is the question. Because with ManyChat, when it's a comment, I'm trying to show you. I don't have any active ones that are like that. But when it's a comment, you can't do this, for example, where it's like sends first message, waits, and then sends a second message, which is annoying. Oh, okay. It's just like one text block is what you have to run with, which, I mean, like, realistically, you could condense it into one. It's not the end of the world, but it's just annoying.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: The other thing as well is I was having a look at yours the other day, I'm pretty sure. very much. And you might want to go in here. Oh, . Yeah, see how you've got, I can definitely help you there. And then it kind of just goes on in the next one. You might want to do, I mean, click the rates aren't bad by any means, but you might want to go in and add a specific photo of a guy that you've helped do that. So it's like if they want to say muscle gain. It's like, you know, looking to stack on some muscle. I like it. This is River Hope gain six kilos in two months without adding any additional fat.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. You know, and so you just add the social proof essentially, because we just want to flood social proof.
Kyle Musca: If they're seeing, you know,  Timmy, Jimmy, and Billy on the front end ad, and then they click through and they say they want to shred, and then they're seeing, you know, Michael, who's cut 20 kilos in three months. It's like you've given them like heaps of social proof before they've even really, you know, just spoken.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I like that.
Kyle Musca: And then just make it specific, obviously, to the actual goal of what they're trying to do. So, simple little addition, but I've just noticed that. Cora, okay. So, once you're done with those organic reels, can you shoot them through to me? And then I'll just have a little bit of a watch and then break it down. Because, I mean, realistically, we're going to use it for an ad primarily. Like, that's how, you know, people can interact with it on  organic, absolutely.
Callum Hinze: But to be safe, I would probably send, I would probably keep the CTA as DM me, not comment. Okay. Yep. It's easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's not the biggest difference, but yeah, that's what we're probably on.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, it's easy on.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. And then the graphics seem to be performing well for you, but then I might do some extra graphics around just the social proof itself, essentially. Do you create them or do you just get lucky to create them?
Callum Hinze: The most recent ones were lucky.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Cool. just because now Instagram meta can get a little bit  with doing especially graphics with transformations, but we might try and fool the system. Because I got, I did this one that I want to kind of do more of. Oh, , I'm not defining. Yeah, something like this. Where you actually like put the social proof in that, you You on results like this, this is Jimmy who lost 20 kilos in three months. We'll be next. Yeah, something like that. So you're trying to, like, just  flood your feed with as much social proof as possible.
Callum Hinze: Yep, sweet.
Kyle Musca: What you might want to even do there, man, is, like, for me, for example, I've got my transformation folder. And these are, like, all the people you can, you know, just put up in your story or something like that with progress.
Callum Hinze: But you might even want to, do you have sort of a recollection of all the best transformations? in-depth as that, but I definitely can't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's probably another thing that I would do is just go, put together, like, a file of anything that you could just use for any piece of marketing, whether you just put it up on your story here or there, whatever the case may be.
Callum Hinze: But then I have a folder of, like, my best ones that I want to put, like, front and center for my actual, like, if I'm going to use an ad or something like that, I want to use these guys.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. That's been massive help for me as well, just because I can sit down and be like, So
Callum Hinze: Paul lost 20 kilos, you know, Pat lost 13 kilos, whatever. Yep, yep, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Now, the Lead Magnet, it's a free program, eh? Like a free...
Callum Hinze: I've got a few now. So there's the one that's just like the, just the guide to everything. One of them is the ARM program and guide. And then the third one is... What was the third one? Actually, no, there were only two for now. Actually, was there one more? Maybe it's just those two.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I think it's just those two, actually. Okay. Oh, no, there is three. There's the macro tracking one as well, which I haven't really used much recently.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So I think what will be... I think... What will be good for us is, I'm pretty sure we spoke about this last week, but like getting, like adding even more and more value to the lead magnets with time. So I think one thing that would really work well for you is like putting together like a little bit of a mini series or a mini course or something like that. One, this works really well, obviously, just to add more value to the guys that do join. Like if you say like, you know, you've put together a training series on how everything revolving training, for example. Like, okay, so I'll show you what I mean. Oh, it's going to load me up. Yeah, so for example, I could credit this how-to training series where I just went through and I covered like, you know, the most commonly asked questions, like how to build training split that fits your goals. Recovery, you know, how to choose the right number of sets and reps and growth, how to actually apply a progressive lot, how to stop training just to sweat and start training with that. I mean, so just covering, like, commonly asked questions for people and then making actual videos around it because that way, like, if you can get in front of them and you can actually talk to them and show your expertise on the subject, like, they're going to be a lot more entrusting in you to sort of take that next step if they want, you know, a coach. Yeah, of course. So, we'll focus, yeah, because as long as you've got the organic content going for the e-books and stuff like that, then that should be fine and we can get that up and start testing that out. But this will be a pretty similar funnel, to be honest. I think that this would work a little bit better in the sense of you'll have more flexibility in the... Diversity with qualifying people. So what I mean by that is like with the e-book, like it's just an army book, right? You can't really, you can't send them a different resource based on their answers. I mean, you can say you will send them a different resource, but realistically you can't. Whereas for something like this, you know, if you did came into the main chat, it'd be pretty similar to this. You know what mean? Like, you know, what's your main goal at the moment? What do you just, and you've got it to like, just, you know, I've got an entire series on how to maximize your performance. Just so I can point you in the right direction of what video is going to work best for you, let's run through a few things quickly. You know, what's your, what's your main goal at the moment? Let's say it's cut weight, fantastic. What do you feel like you're struggling with? Nutrition, fantastic. That makes sense. And then lastly, you know, what's your current schedule looking like? What best describes your current situation? And this, as usual, is the qualifying question. Cool, based off all your answers, and then what we would do here, so that part would remain largely the same, what we would do here is if they're working full-time, then we would send them a VSL that basically breaks down like a good real-life example of what this would look like. Essentially, we would just do this in ManyChat, so we wouldn't need their name, wouldn't do their email until afterwards, or their contact, shipping address. This is what it basically means. So it's basically just conditional logic, because if they say that they're working, if they say that they're working, you know, a student or they're not working, it's like, just get out of here, here's the series, go away. If they say that they are working full-time, and they're qualified for us to actually chat to, then it's like, okay, cool, we want to kind of bring these guys through the funnel a little bit more and try and get them on. So, you'll see here, if I go 100K here, and this is the same concept as ManyChat, let's say this is, you know, I'm a student, right? Cool, check your email, customize roadmap.
Callum Hinze: In the meantime, you can start watching the course.
Kyle Musca: And then I can just click straight through the course. If it's, um, everything stays the same, but let's say I'm now working full-time, know, one to three million, right? Then it's going to take me straight through to this vid. I see your question. Have you ever felt like you can't take a vacation while it's going have your time on your laptop? Yeah, I mean, so it's like, um, this is now, Alex, you know, so I've been pre-qualified, and I'm, you know, qualified enough to jump on a call here. So, it takes us through a VSL, um, be like, if you want to, if you want me to solve this issue for you, um, you know, hit, hit, in a call. Yeah, right.
Callum Hinze: And then I can just book straight in for a call. Yeah, that's cool. What's this all right?
Kyle Musca: Was it ClickFunnels to use that for? This is ClickFunnels, which we can use ClickFunnels. Cool. Realistically, we can just take that because it's just a multi-step form, which is essentially what this is. You click one answer, you go to the second answer based off that. And then there's just conditional logic. So it's like if we click this answer, it takes us in this direction. If we click that answer, takes us that direction. So we can put that through Manichat. Good thing about that and why I think it's better to do that, at least initially, is just because it's kept nice and native on Instagram. So the setters can still go in there and sort of follow up and conversate with them and everything like that afterwards, even if they don't book in a call. Whereas when you do it through, you know, like a landing page like ClickFunnels, you'd have to have someone that goes and manually calls them.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, fair enough. When I do up these... these... When Uh, videos for these, would it be best to have the CTA, like, first half of the video, or just tack it on the end?
Kyle Musca: Uh, for the organic style stuff?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's a really good question. Um, ideally if it makes sense to try and get it in earlier, because if you do it right at the end, you're relying on people to, um, watch right to the end.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Whereas, like, if you can do it in the first half of the video, then, um, you know, um, people are obviously going to see it more and interact with them more.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Because, like, we posted one today that was, like, for the lead magnet, but I didn't actually have it in the video. It was just in the caption, that top left.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. But it was purely just in the, in the caption. Um. Um. was time for a walk. And, Thank
Callum Hinze: Right, yeah, okay. So that's how I fit that in at the start.
Kyle Musca: And for something like this, because it's such a short one, you can probably leave it in at the end. If it's something that's... If it's something like this one. Might be hard to believe it. My back was a weak point for years. Now it's becoming one of my strongest body parts, and it's all because I did these three things. First, I started training back three times a week. Yep, three times. I also reduced the amount of sets I do so I can go harder each session. And I make sure that every workout has pulling movements coming from a variety of different angles. If you're struggling to grow your back, maybe it's time to reduce the volume, increase the frequency, and make sure your recovery between sessions is dialed in too. Might be hard to believe it. Even that's a pretty short... If it's a decently short video like that, like sub 20, 30 seconds, then, you know, watch time should be pretty good on it. If it's like a minute long or something like that, And let's take Then that's probably where I'll try and get it a little bit earlier.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yep. Makes sense.
Kyle Musca: This video did something. Yeah. So you might even want, so something like this. And you might even want to go to create, like, just, do you still have this reel?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It'll be somewhere. Yeah. Yeah. Like you might even want, because again, if it's done this well organically, like there's clearly merit that people are interested in this. Yeah. So you might want to do Incline Dumbbell Girls. Preacher Girl. And then you might want to put under it, you know, in like a little caption or something like that. DME arms for my ultimate arm guard or something like that. Okay. Simple. Simple.
Callum Hinze: You know what mean? It doesn't have to be crazy. Yep.
Kyle Musca: And then what I'll grab from you, man, is if you can, which is the main sort of lead magnet that you want to run with?
Callum Hinze: What's the best? It's the overall e-book, which was just the guide. I forget what it's titled. The Guide to Everything, which is, I think it's called the Hint's Physiques Method. That's what it's called. And it was just a big breakdown of how everything works. That was probably the best quality resource.
Kyle Musca: Do you have that on you?
Callum Hinze: Can you send me that through? Yep. All right. Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, Files. That is coming through now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, see, what I could see working really, really well here is basically you grab this resource and you just put it into like a presentation and maybe it's like a 30-minute masterclass on how to get into presentation. Thank Thank you. It's not really geared towards fat loss and muscle building, isn't it?
Callum Hinze: Nah, it's sort of just the whole grand scheme of things, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, as long as you named it, you just have to name it properly, like a 30-minute masterclass on how to build your dream physique or something like that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, like that's pretty, because then, you know, we could basically do pretty much everything we normally do around like kind of direct advertising, but then we would just gear them towards this masterclass.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Yeah, simple.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then if they, you know, watch it and they consume it, again, same concept as I showed before, one, they're to be pretty bought in if they sit down and watch, you know, 10, 20, 30 minutes of you speaking about this specific problem they're experiencing. But then, two, they also get to see that you're the sort of expert authority in the space. All You know what mean? Like, they see you as that guy that has the knowledge base and solving the problem that they're sort of looking for, essentially.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yeah, I thought this one was good because it's just diverse. I thought we didn't use this for any sort of post, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, that's what you want. You want it to be nice and sort of, yeah, diverse and flexible so you can play around with it and everything like that. I definitely reckon we run with this as a resource to begin with, but I think if we put that into a video more, then it will be, it will just be better.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then what I reckon we also do as well is, like, and we'll play, this will come down to playing around the managerial flow, but, like, let's say they're working full-time, and then we might add one extra step or two extra steps and be like, great, what's your, you know, phone and email or something like that?
Callum Hinze: What's the best email to send it to?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then we started collecting, like, building your emailing list and stuff like that as well.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's simple.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
Callum Hinze: Simple stuff.
Kyle Musca: Do you need a hand in terms of building something like this into a presentation?
Callum Hinze: It would be pretty much just shortening it, won't it, and then bring in the horizontal format?
Kyle Musca: Is it simple? Yeah, well, I've got this girl. She did it for, she did, I'm, like, trialing her at the moment, but she'll do it for, like, one USD per slide. So for, like, 27 slides, she did it for, like, 27 bucks. Yeah. I didn't give her any branding, like, oh, this is another one she did for someone else, I'm pretty sure. But, um, okay, here it is. This one. one. one. This Thank you. So, again, I made a mistake by not giving any branding colors or anything like that. I just gave her the actual raw content. But, yeah, she went away and put it all together for me. Definitely could have been better with the branding, though. But, yeah, she seems pretty good. And then what I did is I created a... Why is this so bad? And I created this, this chat in, I don't know if I can just share this, I think that will add you to mine, I don't think it will add you, I don't think it will just share the project, but essentially I've got these things. So, I just chucked this into it, to understand the content, how to build the frameworks around presentations, and how to do this work out. So, what am I going to do is, you. You can use Lucky as well, obviously, he does very good work. But Lucky, I think, does it for like three to five USD per slide, so it's a bit more pricey. I'll show you this goes, in you want use her. And then, what was this? So you'd add that one into the project, and then really, this one, you don't really need the other stuff. Let's just... Thank you. Thank you. You And you also need the haunt, which took me  ages to get it right. Thank you. So what I basically did, just so you're aware of this as well, is I created this. So basically, I would give it a topic, and then it would, like, ask me all the questions it needs, and I would just, like, reply to it, like, by talking back to it. And then it would take, like, the exact wording and everything like that, and go away and create the presentation. But I think with, like, you having this, you should just be able to say, like, you know, basically copy all this content, and just say, like, create the presentation based off this.
Callum Hinze: Okay, sweet, that's easy.
Kyle Musca: And then it doesn't have to be anything crazy. Like, I would just do probably a Loom video or something like that.
Callum Hinze: How long do you reckon I'd go for it or wait?
Kyle Musca: It really depends. I would probably make it, like, 20 to 30 minutes. So it's, like, nice and, you know, in-depth. But without being, you know, an unruly amount of time, which no one's going to watch through.
Callum Hinze: You know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Like, if it's engaging and what you're speaking about is actually, like, valuable, which it should, you know, should be if you're breaking that much stuff down, then, you know, someone who's actually interested about making a change should spend 20, 30 minutes to watch it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, so what we'll do is you've got the scripts now, so just need to film them. Try and shoot me through the organic content with the CTAs of the lead magnets and stuff. Give feedback there. We'll get them added and uploaded. Once you've got that sort of done and I can kind of, like, see... Bye. See you next time. You what you're saying and everything, then I'll create the ManyChat flow based off that. And then that shouldn't be too difficult to do. And then once that ManyChat's flow is built out and I've kind of mapped it out from the ad to the ManyChat flow, then I'll probably get you to film a VSL for the qualified leads to try and book them straight in on a call.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Simple stuff.
Kyle Musca: Simple stuff. Yeah. And then that should be pretty good. And then, again, might notice a little bit of a lowered response in ads and messages coming through, but that's just because I, again, turned off the challenge ads and started these ones back up.
Callum Hinze: So it'll take a day or two just for them to kick in properly. What's the normal? Is it normally just, what, a couple of days to pick up steam and that's normally what you expect with those new ones?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, like, realistically, I mean, it has data to go off, you know, from the challenge ads as well, because it's in the same technical camp. So I was still trying to target similar people, as well as we ran them before, like previously. So theoretically, it should have data to go off, which should speed up the process a lot. But I would still give it probably three to seven days maximum for them to really sort of hit their stride.
Callum Hinze: Wow, makes sense. Easy, easy.
Kyle Musca: Have you got many calls booked in for the rest of this week?
Callum Hinze: No, I've got a couple. What have I got? Definitely not as much as last week, but there's still – I've got two for the remainder of week so far.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What is – are you getting your VA to fill out your CEO dashboard?
Callum Hinze: Nah, it's still something I've got to get on top of.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So definitely get them to start doing that because that will be really important for us to see, like, your returns. And it's really, really good to understand, you know, where things are, you know, maybe falling apart a little. Yeah. So, yeah, definitely, that's another thing I would definitely start doing. That's a really, you know, key, like, I'm not all about spreading yourself super thin and tracking, like, all these pieces of data that's just not going to be very useful. But, like, the CO dashboard, I would definitely, you know, track and prioritize because that's important for us to figure out what's going wrong and how to fix it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, set a reminder for that.
Kyle Musca: And, again, that should be, like, you know, your VA should just do that automatically each week.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. All right, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then, oh, yeah, the other thing, I'm just trying to add some photos into your many chat flow just to add a little bit more special proof.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay, cool. Easy stuff. Easy stuff. We'll get those videos done. It's at both the scripts and the lead mag things and then send them through as well.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Is there anything else that you want to sort of touch base on or anything?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Um, we set up, yeah, just your, your payments. We set up on Stripe. Should that first payment have come out already? Cause it charged, it charged like a dollar, which I think is like to set it. So it's in rotation, but the full amount hasn't come out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Um, I honestly just haven't had time to get in.
Callum Hinze: That's right. I just want to make sure that it's not charging me a dollar instead of the whole thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. appreciate that. Um, yeah, no, I haven't had time to, like the first one I did, it just sort of didn't create the actual account properly. Um, cause I didn't, I didn't click like a little button. Um, hence why that I sent that second one. So it should be in there now. Um, and then, yeah, I've got that on the cards to sort of go through sometime this week and sort of, um, sort out.
Callum Hinze: Sweet. I was just making sure. I like, Oh, I hope he doesn't just charge me a dollar and just waits on a month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. that. Um, on that note as well. Um, yeah, probably looking at taking on like maybe one or two other coaches. So if you sort of know of anyone that's sort of got a decent foundation. Their business.
Callum Hinze: I'm looking to get a hand in. Let me know. you're only really taking on people that have like a pretty good background of like their businesses all right so far, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yes or no. Like that's who I prefer to sort of work with. Like people that, you know, already doing somewhat content, already have, you know, the kind of foundations of their business. But like as long as I see potential in them, I also would take them on and focus more on the content and the organic side of things. Either or. If it's someone who is, would go on to like what we're doing, for example, then I'm happy to swing your referral bonus of about 2,000. And then if it's the lower optioned one, then I'm happy to do 1K for it as well.
Callum Hinze: Okay. I'll spread the word then. I get people often that I think, oh, I wonder if I should send them to Kyle, but a lot of them are more beginners. So I'll probably try to steer it towards guys that are doing something already, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'll like, if there's anything. I'll have a chat to them all anyway. And if it's like, if I just, you know, it'll be a bit too, not too much work, but like just not what I'm trying to focus on, then I'll just sort of steer them in the right direction anyway.
Callum Hinze: All right. I'll keep that in mind for sure.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Awesome. All right. Well, yeah, let me know how you go with all that stuff. I'm keen to see how the lead magnet videos come out. And then, yeah, if you have any questions on it, just let me know.
Callum Hinze: All right. Sounds like a plan. Thanks again for that.
Kyle Musca: No worries. Cheers, man. All right. I'll chat to you very soon. All right. Thank you. Speak soon. Yeah. Bye.


>>> 62/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-14T08:00:28Z | id:114078232
People: Kyle Musca

Meg Tovey: This meeting is being recorded. I'm on a call. I'm just going to move on.
Kyle Musca: Hey, how you going?
Meg Tovey: Hi, I'm good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, apologies about that, was trying to feed text and I kept misspelling words. Cool, how has your day been?
Meg Tovey: busy because our new coach started and then obviously just doing lots of consults. I'm feeling like a bit of a weird spot where I don't really have space to do more consults and I don't want it to impact how many we can do. Like I don't want it to be the bottleneck.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. And when you mean like you're running out of space, is it to do the actual consult or is it like onboarding and the fulfilment issue?
Meg Tovey: I'm giving an hour to do the consult and what I need to do with the onboarding. Right. I do want to run. Through my onboarding with you to see like if you can recommend because also bringing a new coach on like this is the first time I've ever done that without having a really clear like in the past our client onboarding has been so streamlined and now it feels like a bit of a  show. It's we've kind of got it, but I feel like you'll be able to say what we're like maybe doing in a way that's not the best way to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: But then also like I'm just thinking ahead for Japan and staff, I would like rather not have to turn the ads off. So I don't know if, I don't know what you think in terms of like, because I don't want to hire a closer to take over fully, but like I don't know if it's something I should think about starting to do as like a gradual thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, well, how many, did you get that job for my one center yesterday?
Meg Tovey: Okay, so that's another thing. I've got notes. Um, another. Another thing that I'm struggling with is like when with the question like one of the first questions of like how many calls have you done in the last week I track it monthly and I don't have like a very I'm putting  everywhere like I've got six different spreadsheets and a  note on my laptop so I could tell you I could go and like get all that data but yeah it's hard to be like how many have I done in the last week because I've been tracked I started when I realized I I can't I don't have the monthly data I started doing it monthly and then obviously your question is weekly so now I'm like  I don't have the weekly data yeah so I'm not sure what your tracking sheet looks like but I can send you this one this is basically just what me and my closers use so it's just like the name of the client the date of the call call outcome or package they're on the payment type so it's like are you going know a lot of paying fools you
Kyle Musca: Deposits and patent plans. getting 100% payment plans? How much cash you collected? So we can average that out. How much repayments? Like, what are the repayments like? $500 a month, whatever the case may be. Notes about the call. You know, let's say you said you'll give them a free month or something like that, whatever. That's usually left blank. And then source. The organic was an ad was lead magnet. Objections you can add or you won't really need to use call recordings. But I can send you this if you like.
Meg Tovey: That way, you can kind of just come and say, like, well, over the last several days, there's 70 calls we've worked. I just don't want to have another thing. So I'm happy to use this one. I just need to then figure out what it's replacing because I don't want it to be another spreadsheet that I'm adding. Can I show you how I'm currently doing it? And then maybe you can be like, okay, get rid of that.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yeah. And then last thing on this as well is like you just do it monthly as well. So it's like when the month's done, just create a new tab and then it'll be. January, February, et cetera, et cetera, et Cool. Let me give you access. Yeah, you can share now.
Meg Tovey: Oh, my God.
Kyle Musca: I've got so many tabs open.
Meg Tovey: Actually, my brain right now. Okay. You're going to literally die. So, this is just, like, what I've been keeping track of, like, all calls booked because I don't have anywhere for that. Okay, wait. Let me start on the start. So, we've got Asana, and I've got this whole thing set up with, like, inquiries coming through, calls booked if, like, all of the calls booked come through here. Oh, God. Thank But, like, it's not, once I move them out of here, there's no way that, like, tracks that it was a call book. Have you used Asana before?
Kyle Musca: No.
Meg Tovey: So it's, like, great for project, it's great for, like, managing clients between coaches, but, like, yeah, it doesn't, and I'm sure I could probably set something up, but I just haven't yet, to, like, track when a call comes in where they've come from and stuff. So it doesn't, like, like, I can look in the thing and it's got the date and stuff, and I've got automation set up for, like, the manual follow-ups and stuff I have to do. And then I've been doing this, so this is just, like, a thing I've just been dumping down who's done it, who's inquired, like, from all the different places, because there's all the different keywords. I don't know if I even need to be tracking that. It would be great to know if I even need to be tracking that, but I thought it would be helpful to see, like, what ads are actually getting the people. That are signing up. And then there's the inquiry form through our link in bio. There's a website form through my website. There's referrals. There's like the $500 voucher things when we do that. And there's like probably other ones that I'm not thinking of right now. Yeah. And then we've got my sheet that I put clients in.
Kyle Musca: Hang on. Before we go further, just on that sheet you just showed me, one, that was just a track to mainly keywords, is it?
Meg Tovey: This is tracking everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the keywords I wouldn't necessarily really track for a couple of different reasons. One is like usually we use different keywords for different things. So it's like, you know, change could be a keyword we use for three different ads, for example. I But I I I'm paying you So that alone isn't the best indicator. With the conversion API set up, I can kind of see on the back end who the quality leads are coming through. I guess that doesn't directly result into it, but it's a really good indicator on, like, you know, the qualified quality leads that are being booked in. And then, Clem A, the other thing is we can, in terms of, you know, how many...
Meg Tovey: This is that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so Clem A has got the, yeah, keyword set up done there.
Meg Tovey: So that's kind of taken into consideration all that stuff. But, like, if you ask for that info, then it would be another place I'd have to go and grab it. But if I don't read it, that's fine.
Kyle Musca: The keyword, like, unless we were going to really double down on, like, every single different type of ad we do, we need a different keyword and it needs to be, you know, all 100% separate.
Meg Tovey: But that's, you know, probably getting to a bit excessive. Like, there's just threading yourself too thin. On something that's not going to make the world of difference there.
Kyle Musca: And then, like, I feel like you're just sort of creating a bit more than necessary for yourself there.
Meg Tovey: I fully am. But I'm like, I want to have the data for when people ask, i.e. you or Rhys.
Kyle Musca: But, like, I'm putting it in  16 different places. Yeah. So that's the thing with data. Like, realistically, when you break down your business, you'll find that there's, like, just a very few actual key pieces of data that you need to absolutely track to move your business forward. And then other things are things that you just, like, it's really, really handy. And you should know them for, you know, longer-term plays. So, for example, like your lifetime value of a client. You don't need to know what your lifetime value of a client is at every second of every day. But it's, like, if you need that information, it should be pretty easily readily available type of thing, right? Hence why.
Meg Tovey: I'm in this one.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is Asana. It's just like a pipeline type thing by the looks of it. You have a girl high level, No, I have Asana.
Meg Tovey: Oh, right. Because, like, this is great for girls because when I give them a client, it pops into here and then it comes up with, like, all these tasks for them to take off to onboard the client. And then they go active and there's more tasks that pop up for, like, getting Google reviews, testimonials, that kind of thing. Like, so I don't really want to get rid of this. And then I was going to get go high level, but I was like, am I, it was going to cost me 6K to get this guy to set it up properly because the inquiry form that we have, and I'm fully open to your perspective here, is the same routing form on Calendly across, like, so many different spots. So, like, our email marketing. The link tree, the website, the same link that our setters are sending manually. So to be able to like track it properly and go high level, he would have to like kind of set up something so that it says where each of them are coming from or something like that. Anyway, it was going to cost six grand, which like that's fine. But I was like, I don't see the reward. Like I don't know if it's worth the investment.
Kyle Musca: Did you find that guy or was that a suggestion from like Reese or something?
Meg Tovey: From Reese.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It definitely shouldn't cost you six grand.
Meg Tovey: Like it's because I was, I would, I know I would need, like, it's not, I know it's not going to be a straightforward thing because I've got so many different things that I'm wanting to track.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but it depends within the context of what you're talking about. If you're just talking about tracking, like where different leads are coming from, that's just a simple automation. So, for example. example. So, Like you just, I could show you, but like essentially you just create a different calendar. So it's like one would be, you know, organic inquiries, whereas another one would be setter inquiries. And then basically it's pretty easy to set up an automation that goes directly from that.
Meg Tovey: So I was trying to avoid doing that because that's going to require like so many changes on my Asana automations and my Zapier automations and my email automations.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like if you've already got it heavily set up in Asana, like it's probably not like necessary to shift over to go high level. Does Asana let you like book calls and stuff?
Meg Tovey: No, there are definitely pros too. I was thinking of keeping Asana for client management and like tasks between the girls and getting go high level for tracking leads and sales. But I like that's, that's.
Kyle Musca: That's probably, yeah, like if you're coaches and everything and you've got all those systems built out there, then it's like I wouldn't really suggest shifting over. But GoHighLevel is just good as like an all-in-one system because you can connect phone numbers, you can connect emailing, like it's your emailing database, it's your CRM, you've got your calendars and everything like that. But in terms of like automations and stuff, because I've got a lot of different calendars as well, but it's not that tricky at all. So like I wouldn't sit down and try and do it yourself, but like the guy I do it sets it up for like $50 per automation. So, you know, if I come into here.
Meg Tovey: Is your guy like Australian? No. Because I just like, I know what I'm like with this kind of stuff and you probably know what I'm like from working with me. Like I need to be able to have like really clear comms.
Kyle Musca: Oh, he speaks perfect English. Yeah, because I'm the same. I don't know if I can have issues with language and stuff. He speaks perfect English and stuff. But like these, every single one of these boxes at the top here, for example, is a different calendar. So you can still track where each lead's coming from. This is just my automation to like book in a call. So it sends him out reminders. But just to show you that it's like, it doesn't matter because like realistically, it can usually flow into a pretty simple automation from that point onwards. I was trying.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, it was the fact because if mine were all on different calendars, it would have been the most simple transition, but it's because they're all linked to the one routing form.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like even that though, like depending on how it's set up, because so for example, by the looks of it, what you've got kind of is similar to this. So yeah, organically. So for example, you basically just build out this. So it's like, and you would just need a different calendar to book them in on. So for me, for example, if it's. Organic lead, and they've come through purely from my Instagram, they'll book in with that job form, and then it gives them the option to book it in. So as soon as they fill out that specific job form, they'd come into this bucket, right? And then it's got an automation to say, like, if they're qualified, give them an option to self-book. If they self-book into that calendar, it automatically shifts them over to this bucket of self-booked. Same thing, referral leads is pretty much the exact same job form. It's just a different one, so I can differentiate where they've come from. If they were to self-book in, I haven't really played around with this massively, but if they were to self-book in or even just fill out the referral form, they go into that bucket, and then they go into their own self-booked organic lead. So to build out a relatively simple pipeline like what you just showed me is definitely not six grand worth.
Meg Tovey: Like, this cost me literally $50 to set up. Yeah. Because with this, like, just another side note. course, this... With this... this... The spreadsheets. This is an automated one, so I don't actually enter this in. This is all the leads that come through Calendly. But then I'm putting these, because I don't do SMS marketing, but like, I was like, oh, I may as well start collecting the mobiles I am getting to someday do it. So that's another spot I'm putting them in. And then this is , oh, a masterclass leads list, another manual spot, and then that's Ali's one, so that's different. So, yeah, I just like, I guess I've got a lot of resistance to moving, but like, I'll move over and then there'll still be something I can't do with it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it's just like, I like to just keep things really, really simple. Like, it sounds nice having, you know, a million and one different, like, funnels.
Meg Tovey: I don't want it like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, that's the cool thing. Like, that's why I like keeping it nice and native to Instagram as well, because realistically, like, you don't need to have a full podcast. And everything like that built out with a ton of different automations. It's just like, it's track D. Easily enough through ManyChat and you have a direct access of communication to them there. The very most you'd need is like realistically just, you know, who's booked in a call, who didn't show up, and then they go back into a rebooking floor or something like that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, because something I'm not, and actually a question for you would go high level with this, something I'm not keeping up with lately is if they don't show up, I have to go in and manually move them in Asana, and then also I've been moving them in that Google Doc. That's the only two places I think I have to move them in, but when someone doesn't show up, do you like go in, go high level and click the thing and say like no show or something, or how does that work?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you just come in here and then like let's say, you know, calling this guy, you would just go status no show. And then theoretically, if you had an automation showed up on that, that could. They move it to a bucket in the opportunities, and your setters would just check that kind of daily, and then they know that they can go and, like, try and get them rebooked and rebooked, essentially.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: that's, again, that's like a very, that's a very, very basic and simple automation to set up.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you can integrate Zapier and everything like that as well. But the other cool thing about Go High Level is that you can, like, message them directly. I know, that's the main reason I wanted to move initially. Yeah. So this doesn't have it. Oh, these are organic leads, which is why it doesn't have it. But for most people, like, because it's connected with, you Manichat and everything like that, you know, I'd be able to message them from, there'd be an Instagram option here, so I can send them a message straight through Instagram. I can send them a message from SMS, I can send them a message to WhatsApp, as long as it's connected.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Which, you know, setters would. The setters will use ManyCheck as a little bit more frictionless in terms of messaging back and forth.
Meg Tovey: But it's good if you do have a closer or something like that and they need to, you know, message from your account to say, like, hey, I'm on the call, you're showing up. Yeah, fully. Because I want to outsource, like, I'm not, with the organic inquiries, I have automation set up to remind me to message them, like, because there's no way to do that automated through Asana. Or anything, there's not many platforms other than Grow High Level that do that, there's a couple, and I'm not keeping up with it. So, like, I want to outsource it to someone else, like even the setter, for example, but I can't because they don't have an Australian number. And it would come through to WhatsApp, which a lot of people don't have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's exactly why I set this up. So, theoretically, originally I did it so my actual closer could just do some outbound setting for himself. But he's pretty much too booked out on the direct calls. So, what I'll do is just get my, and she might have actually done it, not 100% sure, on some, these are more recent ones coming in here a bit. But for example, yeah, they could come in here, because you have to get the number, but like, you know, I've got a US number, I've got an Australian number, so it doesn't really matter where they're from. Um, and then, yeah, you can see, he hasn't replied back, but they did just send a message straight out in SMS.
Meg Tovey: Yep. Okay. Yeah, all right, I think I need to do it. But yeah, that's way more enticing if it's not going to cost me  $6,000.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I would say, like, I don't want to throw stones here, but one, he's probably got an affiliate rate on that, or, um, like I know for Jesse, and again, don't quote me here, but, um, with Jesse, we found that he had a $15 a day invoice attached to that, so it's like he uploaded a snapshot, essentially, and was charging $15 a day. For that.
Meg Tovey: Wait, what do you mean?
Kyle Musca: So like with GoHalover, you can upload snapshots. So for example, you know, if I wanted to build out, you know, this funnel that I'm working on, for example, so I haven't launched this, but this has a bunch of automations in it. So when they get through certain steps to the stages, they automatically get placed, you know, along the funnel or the pipeline, essentially. If I wanted to take all those automations, I could just take a snapshot, which collects all those automations, and I can just upload it straight into your account. And then something that GoHalover has is you can actually attach an invoice to that. So he attached a $15 a day invoice to it. So he was charging $15 a day.
Meg Tovey: Oh, well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, but in essence, yeah, I wouldn't, there's no way I'd pay that either. Just because it's not, well, it just doesn't, you just, um. It doesn't cost that much to do. It's not a very complicated build-out by any means necessary. And two, like...
Meg Tovey: I think a lot of that too, though, just to be devil's advocate, was I just pulled up the note that I had, like, mapped out everything I wanted it to do. A lot of it was setting up the automations, like, all that, because I've got email flows coming out of my arse on Flowdesk, which actually do convert, like, I mean, with the volume of our organic leads. It's not high, but the conversion rate is high, like, as a percentage. And then all the SMSs that I'm doing manually, like, I wanted all of that to be set up for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, that's not difficult to do. Yeah. Like, again, for this...
Meg Tovey: And I'm also mindful, like, I don't want pay, like, per task, because then it's going to, like, and then it end up being the same amount. Do you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so... mean? Do Do Yeah, it's not very, very difficult at all. Like, for example, this whole thing, including all the calendars added to it and everything, it's not crazy big by any means, but it cost me like $20.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think she actually did it for free because I was like starting, like I only just started working with her, so the chick at the time. So, and then it's like not overly difficult to even do it for yourself. If it's something like you're saying add an email a day or something like that, for example, you know, it's not hard. Like you just come in here and you just duplicate that. If you want to add it to a flow, so it's like, you know, let's say someone opts into it and it's like day one, day two, day three, day four. Yeah. That's not difficult to do. Otherwise, you can just come into, you know, your contacts and like there's like a lot of tagging different options. it's like as long as they're tagged as, you know, email flow participants or whatever you tag them as, it's like you can filter by that. Let's say you're as small as I've done before. And then you can send, I like to Megan Page 100, but I've selected all 100 of them, and then you can send a bulk email out.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. There's probably easier ways to do that, to be honest. I've got, yeah, I've got that, like, I guess on my email platform, but I was like, if I'm going to move over, I may as well get rid of that email platform and have it all in one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's not like, it's not a must do, but it's, you know, it is a cool system. Like, it's just all in one. It's just, you know, there's no point in having three or four different softwares when you can just have it all in one place.
Meg Tovey: In the meantime, what should I be tracking in terms of this info? Because I'd like to use your spreadsheet where I can just put them all in there or how I'm currently doing. Oh, I don't know. It's another ...ylee.comylee
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the only one I use for sales, for like actual call sales, is this one. Because this tracks pretty much everything you need.
Meg Tovey: What happens if someone not shows a call and then rebooks? Then what do you do on the spreadsheet?
Kyle Musca: You can do a reschedule or a two-cook close. Yeah. If that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: But then, yeah. I mean, if there's anything like unique that pops up, it's pretty easy just to sort of add. Yeah. If that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'll send you that one. Whether or you use it, it's up to you. Yeah. But I've been using that for quite a while. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: So to answer the first question you asked, I can't tell you the week, but in Jan so far, I've signed on 15, and I've had one, two, three, four. Wow, my brain just stopped counting halfway through. Funny. 31 total calls booked, four still to go, 15 converted, five no-shows, oh, five cancelled calls, one no-show.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Awesome. So, I mean, do you have your CEO dashboard?
Meg Tovey: Are you tracking that? What's that?
Kyle Musca: Your CEO dashboard. So this is this one. You've seen this one before, haven't you? No. Okay. So this one basically just breaks down your entire funnel from front to back in terms of...
Meg Tovey: Oh, that just reminded me I have another spreadsheet and adds one that I'm tracking that adds like... Actually, have two more spreadsheets. One with like the targets for the... My targets for the year to hit the revenue goal. And then one that is tracking... The month, the ad spend, set a cost, client sign, sales collected, sales contract value, profit collected, profit contract value, and CAC.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this one basically gives that. And this does organic as well as ads, but I don't really try. Like organic, I probably should. I'm to lean more into, not more into organic, but you do more with my organic, to be honest, because it's easy running ads, but it's also a bit of a lazy way. But basically, this does auto-calculations based off the numbers that you put into it. So let's say, you know, I spent two and a half grand on ads through that holiday period, getting started back into things. From that, there was a total of around 71 leads, 73, you know, compared to ManyChat versus Meta. So cost per lead there was $35, which is good.
Meg Tovey: I'm happy with that for a qualified lead. Are you adding this in manually? I get my VA just to do this every single week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But you can, you can add it. So if you, so basically, you add some things manually. So let's say you add these two things manually, then that auto-calculates to $35 per lead. So the calculations are built in. From that, you got, I got 26. $26. Bookings out of that, which gave me a 30% lead-to-booking ratio, which is good. Therefore, the cost of our booking was $100. From that, again, these would have auto-counted. You can see these little dashes. These means there's a formula attached to it. Yeah. So 17 calls showed. That gave me a shock rate of 65% at a $152 cost per call. I made 13 sales out of that, 76% close rate. So my cost per acquisition was under $200. Yeah. From that, collected was $19,000. Future revenue was $22,000.
Meg Tovey: Total revenue. What's future revenue?
Kyle Musca: Oh, contract. So contract value minus cash collected. Okay, yeah. And then combined is the total revenue.
Meg Tovey: And then return on investment there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is really good to understand whether or not it's a marketing strategy.
Meg Tovey: Is it a setting issue, or a sales issue?
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because like if, and it's very like without track, like this just gives it real clear inside of just the key performers instead of trying to track like  all the irrelevant data. And it's very easy if you're not tracking this data to kind of be like, well, it's better for you because you're in the seat of sales. So you can kind of like gauge the quality of the leads and everything like that. But like, let's say you have a closer on, your closers are going to come to you and be like, you know, if you're getting them fully booked out, and then you'd like, oh,  all the leads is  and everything like that. And it's like, well, you know, if all these metrics are going well, and then it's just like your close percentage absolutely sucks. It's like, well, you know, I can try and you could potentially look at qualifying even harder. I've got the qualifying process really down pat. So I can see, I know for me that if it's a low closing rate, as you can see here, like previously, historically, it's more than likely the closes fall.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas like, if I'm getting a ton of leads through, but then . And, like, none of them are booking in.
Meg Tovey: It's like, okay, well, it's probably a setter's fault. Yeah. Do you track calls that are cancelled or do you just count out as a no-show?
Kyle Musca: I would count as a no-show.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Because, like, it's based off showed up.
Meg Tovey: So, you know, whether it's cancelled or no-show, it's just counted as the same thing. Oh, yeah. Okay, yeah. Yeah, can I get this? Because that, um, the only thing, um, the only thing I'm curious about is, like, at the moment, like, it's kind of sometimes hard to know if they came through an ad or not when they've been a new follower.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. So, really, yeah. I mean, it doesn't really matter, I guess, if they're, like, some are in...
Kyle Musca: Ads are organic, but. Yeah, like, yeah, it's not the end of the world because you can still track your organics here.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then that's pretty much all I use from a sales side of things. Again, I don't like getting data. Don't get me wrong by any means. Absolutely critical to track and no figures. But it's also, like, I find it's a very almost gimmicky thing because it sounds really good to, you know, most people. It's like, oh, we've to track all this data.
Meg Tovey: It's like, yeah, that's what. No, I don't think I'm tracking any extra data to what you're tracking.
Kyle Musca: Mine's just spread across multiple spreadsheets.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Because I do know what I need, what data I need because I've only started tracking it because I've gotten to a point where I've been like, think gotten All Okay, well, there's a problem here, and so I don't have the answer because I don't have that accurate data. So then I've started tracking it. It's not like necessarily something that, say, race is said to do or anything like that. It's just been like a progressive thing. But, yeah, it's because it's spread across  multiple things that it's doing my head in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I don't even touch any of those. Well, for you, because you'll be doing the closes, you'll obviously fill in the closer sheet. But it's not like I don't touch this. It's just my VA comes in and just refills all the data each week. Like, like looking at data, but I certainly don't like filling in data.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I would want to get my VA to do this, this spreadsheet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so something like that. Yeah, so I've got this built out for my operations manager. Yeah, so I'm just... Yeah. So it's like weekly things. She needs to fill out that as the dashboard I just showed you. She needs to update all the failed payments. She needs to update all weekly active clients, everything like that, as well as the coach's active clients. I'm not sure if you have that. That might be a good document if you don't have that. That is an old one.
Meg Tovey: What do you mean by active? Like how many they're working with?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But then also their check-in status. So.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, we've got one of these.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Cool. So, yeah, beautiful.
Meg Tovey: I think it's got everything there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I have like a total active one and then I have a coach individual active one. Oh, . And then it's monthly as well. Yeah. In terms of trend sheet. That's a different thing you would need though. And that's a different thing that's specific to my program. But yeah, that's all the data I really need to track, really.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any other stuff?
Meg Tovey: Not at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Fantastic. then, I don't know if you have...
Meg Tovey: feel like I figure out what I can get rid of.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, sometimes, honestly, you get to a point where, you know, you've done so much to add to the business that to the point where it becomes, one, overwhelming, but two, like, unnecessary, and three, almost detrimental. You know what mean? Like, you can get to the point where you spread yourself thin and things are getting messy. That's across the board with, you know, like, even, like, show up rates, for example. You can keep adding things in to try and improve show up rates, but then eventually it gets to the point where you've saturated and that actually affects it, for example. So, sometimes it's good to, Like, look at what you're doing and it's like, how can I, like, strip this back? Like, what don't I, don't I need? Instead of, like, what can I add? It's like, what can I actually remove to make this a simpler process?
Meg Tovey: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And that's also great with finances, I found.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I feel like I'm good at that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just keep it really nice and simple and on track with everything. Perfect. Did you get an update from Vaughn?
Meg Tovey: You kept it at the same time as you guys originally discussed, Oh, he hasn't replied yet. I mean, he hasn't sent me. He said, I said, could we actually split it up across two sessions, one a bit sooner? He said, just sitting on a bit of backlog of edits, so couldn't commit to a date just yet. Is it okay if I flick your message this time next week, which was on Friday?
Kyle Musca: So I guess I'll hear from him on Friday. Yep. Okay, cool.
Meg Tovey: Could I set up, because I signed up the last two people through Stripe, or actually I didn't, the last two today that I signed up, I did through my normal platform because they were organic, but I did the last two ads ones through Stripe, and I just haven't set up their subscriptions yet. So I was able to, I figured out how to do the payment link, and I got them to sign the Jock form. I literally was on a call, and I made a contract on Jock form, like, while she was doing the Stripe thing, like, so fast. Because I was like, I'm not going to get the contract out otherwise. So I'm curious, your process for that, to get it, like, do you get it on the call or not?
Kyle Musca: But I just need to set up the subscriptions for those two, and I don't know how. Yeah, do you want to share your screen? Do you have the contract, the Jock form contract?
Meg Tovey: Yep, it is. Yeah. It's my contract I pulled out of, like, the direct debit platform I use and it's copied and pasted it.
Kyle Musca: And then I sent it. You know what I do? Have you seen the accountability form thing that I use?
Meg Tovey: Like the one you send me that I don't fill out?
Kyle Musca: No, no, no. That's a check-in form. Really quickly, we'll come back to the subscription thing. I'll share my screen and just show you what I mean. So I have this one, the EMP client agreement. And I disguise it as, like, a bit of an accountability form. So I say, like, this is to map out your goals and to really understand your why and, like, what promises you're going to keep to yourself over this journey. Which is also good, you know, once they sign up. You know, if they say sort of why now, what are the personal promises and stuff, they kind of like reinforce themselves why they did this.
Meg Tovey: Make sense to them after the call, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is part of, I would send them to like on the call, basically say, fill it out. You might even want to quickly get them to fill it out.
Meg Tovey: Otherwise, it's a part of my onboarding message to say, like, fill this out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. This stuff's all kind of just to, I guess, Trojan horse it, to be honest. Because then it goes down to, this is the actual information I want to fill out. So it's a, you know, program package, say gold. And then duration, let's say six months. And then they sign it. So it's an actual signature that they've signed, similar to yours. And then realistically, you'd say, let's transform, right?
Meg Tovey: But then you see this little drop down box, which is the entire contract. Yeah, right. Because we send the consult form that sounds like this. Yeah. Through TrainerEyes, but it is a little bit, and I've been, like, every single person in Jan, I have sat on the call with them while they did the consult form so that they didn't  it up. You just can't sign on there. So I wonder if I can, that consult form, move all those questions into this and then put the contract at the end.
Kyle Musca: I would do that. Yeah. 100%. So what I can do, I don't know if you're super familiar with the job form, I'll send you this link.
Meg Tovey: And then you can literally just go create form and then add the link, and then it will, like, download the whole form straight into your account. Okay. So thank you.
Kyle Musca: And then I just call it an accountability form.
Meg Tovey: I don't call it a contract or anything. Yeah, love that. I just, like, full-winged it, sending it to the contract to them both on the call, but it was kind of good because then if they did actually have an objection, they would have said it while they were doing the contract because it was very clearly a contract.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I, um. So, yeah, that's why I really like that is because it just Trojan forces it in there. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: That's how my direct debit is. Like, it's just they put their details in and then it's like a tick box and they, like, tap it to sign. So it's, like, very hidden.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, at the end of the day, like, if you're using, you even if you're using Newey or something, there's probably T's and C's that they've already signed anyway. So it's like they're just kind of re-signing. just makes it a little bit more physical. On that as well, because I know struggle with, like, that initial 24 hours after someone signs. I'm not sure if you do it. A question I really like to ask at the end of the call, just to put them at ease, is, like, you know, well, like, super keen to rip in. I just want to make sure that you're feeling absolutely confident with everything that we've spoken about. But is there anything that may be making you feel kind of like a little bit uncertain? Is there anything? Anything that you want to run over before we rip into things. So, like, you give them the opportunity to voice anything because, one, you can combat it if they do voice something there and then, which is unlikely. But, two, and two, it eases them that they haven't just tried to, like, scam them and, like, take their money and run. But, two, it also kind of gets them to remain congruent because if you give them the opportunity to voice a concern and then they say, like, no, I'm absolutely happy, I'm keen to get started, then, like, they've just publicly stated to you and then themselves that they are keen to do this.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, okay. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Sure. Yeah, so I found that help. And just asking in, like, a really genuine type of way, like, you know, I make sure you're feeling absolutely confident with everything we've spoken about. Is there anything at all that you want to touch base on or anything that's making you feel a bit concerned?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Sweet. Yeah, do you want to open up your Stripe? then, yeah, perfect. So, if you go into a customer.
Meg Tovey: I just want to pull up what I'm actually setting them. So first one is Lily.
Kyle Musca: This one? Yep. So she's got a payment method on file, which is beautiful. So you just click on her name anywhere here. And then all you have to do is come in and create subscription. And then whatever one you have.
Meg Tovey: So if it's this one. What is this? So like she needs to be paying.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, you go.
Meg Tovey: Ah, . I forget. And I didn't. Why the  did I not write it down? Hang on, please hold. Lily. 99. So do I do this?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So really important here as well, just so you don't get stuck. See how this one that the arrow is on, it says 100 versus Lily's one says 99 per week. You can't, if you click this one and you try to do that, it would basically say you can't do that. It has to have a reoccurring subscription of that slash per week slash per month, whatever.
Meg Tovey: I don't know where this came from. I don't recall making that. Or maybe I tried to make it. I think I maybe tried to make it and then I didn't want to click submit or like create subscription in case I  it up and it emails them something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would probably do is if you scroll to the top. Oh, no. Sorry. Go into that. And then go add new product. And then just call it like whatever you want to call it for everyone, because this will go on the invoice. Um.
Meg Tovey: Like she's nutrition coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if like, if you wanted to do that or you just wanted to do, um, or just empty TVY coaching. Yeah, you could do that. And then, and then I would do dash and then just do weekly or something like that. Cool. I don't need to add a description. You can't add an image, not really necessary. Um, and then see it. Yeah. Recurring versus one off. Obviously we want to be recurring and then you would just do $99 there. And then if you scroll down, you'll see, uh, billing period and then you just change that to that. Um, really important with this as well, not really, really important, but, um, just to understand the difference between. So if you click on that, you'll see that there is, oh, they've changed it maybe.
Meg Tovey: You talk about monthly versus four weekly? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, you can add a customer. Yeah. Um, good. Cool. But yeah, essentially, then you'd go add a product. Now, theoretically, okay, so two things here. One is, let's say you get a client sign up and you agreed a different price. So maybe it's $80 a week. All you need to do is just click that little pin and then you can adjust the price to whatever you want it to be.
Meg Tovey: Okay, because I made, I did this exact thing, but I called it Lily.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's why I would just keep it nice and simple. We'll just have something basic like that and then just change, and then you can change it based on the client. Now, if you scroll down here, you'll see these two. One is bill weekly starting from and then free trial days. I always just go with free trial days because it's simple. So billing, this one will basically allow you to extend it within the original timeframe. So you'll see how you can only select within a week. Yeah. Which is a bit annoying. Like if they've already paid for a month. You just can't use that one.
Meg Tovey: So I just always go with free trial days because you can do it to whatever. Okay.
Kyle Musca: If you click out of that and then you can do free trial days, you can and then click the little map here, little calendar, and then you can pick as far in the future as you want.
Meg Tovey: So the day that I click on, will it debit the following day?
Kyle Musca: It will debit on that day. So if you click the 28th.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Wait, when did she sign up, Lily? Um, . How do I find that? Hang on. Let me just check. Let's try it, I think. 12th. So her next payment should be on the 19th.
Kyle Musca: Yep. So if you click that, and then you'll see here, always good to check here, bill is immediately zero, free trial, ends 19th of Jan. So you can now, if you create that subscription, it won't charge them now.
Meg Tovey: Okay, that's all?
Kyle Musca: Everything's done? Yep. So if you just click, no.
Meg Tovey: Me, stretch.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. As long as you've got something there, it's like you can play around with it because it won't charge them. So it's like, even if you make a mistake, you can change it. Okay. And you'll see trial ends 19th of Jan here.
Meg Tovey: And that's just like an until further notice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So theoretically, you could set, if you, let's say you, if you did discuss a cancellation date, you could click these little three dots here, and go cancel subscription. And then you could do on a custom date.
Meg Tovey: So it's like, it's in 12 weeks time, you could set it as that. Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't necessarily do that. I'll probably just make a note to follow up first. Now, the other really important thing here is if you go to setting.
Meg Tovey: it. Yeah. Can I quickly do this one? Just so I don't  up off the thing. Yep. Okay, so this, oh no, she's monthly. She is fortnightly.
Kyle Musca: Yep, so same concept, just remove this. So click the three little dots here and remove this product. And then go add product and then just do MGTVY, um, coaching fortnightly, and then.
Meg Tovey: She is paying $2.30.80. Is that right?
Kyle Musca: Yep, yep, and then if you. You, yeah, that's fine. And then all you just need to do is add those trial days for when you want it to start.
Meg Tovey: So she is on the same day. What time is Stripe? 22nd. Oh, what time does Stripe debit? This chick asked me, like, is it morning or?
Kyle Musca: It's just automated. I don't think it actually tells you a specific time.
Meg Tovey: Usually if they're, like, I get paid in the afternoon, I would say, like, I can set it to the following day. I said that, and she was like, oh, if it's the R, I'd rather it be on that day.
Kyle Musca: Because, yeah, usually I I would just say then, like, no stress. Like, it is auto, so I can't, you know, manually. But if it fails, let me know, and I can manually process it.
Meg Tovey: Okay. And that was my next question.
Kyle Musca: What happens if a payment fails? Yeah, so if you, like, set this up. Uh. Now, on the first payment, I would always make a note to make sure it goes through, because if the first subscription payment doesn't go through, for some reason it doesn't, like, try again the next week, it's really  annoying. So I would set a note to say, like, check that Isla's payment went through on the 23rd of June. Okay. Now, if you scroll down, I don't know if it'll be there yet, because she hasn't had a failed payment, but if you scroll down.
Meg Tovey: Sorry, I'm just writing that down.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's all good.
Meg Tovey: Scroll down.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you'll see here, I think it's pending invoices or something like that. It could be even invoices is one of them. But that, you'll see, like, failed payment. And then you click on it, and then in the top, like, little right-hand part, there will just be an option to say, like, you can either void it if you discuss. Like maybe she's struggling and you say, I'll give you that week for free.
Meg Tovey: Or there's a retry payment option. Okay. And do they get charged fees or anything if they fail payments?
Kyle Musca: No. You theoretically could add a fee, but no.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. All right.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Perfect. Now, if you go settings, this is a really important setting to have. And then you go billing. And then go subscription emails.
Meg Tovey: Oh, my God. I was going to ask you about this because I don't want them  getting an email every week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if you don't want to remind them, then this is already off. So that's fine.
Meg Tovey: Oh, were you going to say to have that on?
Kyle Musca: No, that wasn't what I was going into, but you just brought it up. You might want to say send email when card payment fails.
Meg Tovey: And this one, bank debit? Yeah. Well, they're not using bank details anyway.
Kyle Musca: I don't think that, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Just turn on, may as well.
Kyle Musca: Didn't actually know you could even debit.
Meg Tovey: And expiring cards?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I really don't know if going to send those before. Yeah. Cool. Again, this is personal preferences. You might want to potentially turn that on if you set it up so they cover the first month and then, you know, you set a trial up for the first, like, four weeks later. Up to. So, if you scroll down, yeah, prevent failed payments, upcoming renewal, current event, four times in three weeks. So, this one, I haven't done this in minute. So, what you might want to do is, pretty much one's different.
Meg Tovey: Let me pull one up. Can I really quickly?
Kyle Musca: Run to the bathroom. Yeah, go for it. Thank you.
Meg Tovey: Back.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Just quickly move on something. So, yeah, so my SMART reply retry policy for subscriptions is eight times in two weeks. Yeah. Yeah. So that basically uses AI to, like, try and recharge them if their payment fails based on when they should have money in the account.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Now, this is a really important one. Subscription status. If retries fail, leave subscription as overdue or at least unpaid. You don't want it so it cancels the subscription because then you're coaching.
Meg Tovey: What all set as?
Kyle Musca: Mine is set as past due, leave subscription as past due, overdue.
Meg Tovey: What I've got, yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then if all retries, invoice status, if all retry payments fail, leave the invoice past due. Overdue, yeah. So that's really important because if you didn't have that on, like in a week's, you know, the payment fails, it just shuts down the subscription. It's like, cheers, I've been coaching you for eight weeks and you haven't paid anything. So by changing that, it basically means if that fails, it's still going to try and recharge the next week.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let me see if there's anything else.
Meg Tovey: A subscription says. Oh, this one.
Kyle Musca: No, that's how mine is all set as well.
Meg Tovey: No, it was on cancel the subscription.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Yeah, okay. Definitely changed that. And that should be fine.
Meg Tovey: That's the main thing. And finalize invoices and credit notes.
Kyle Musca: Then I would just keep scrolling down and make sure that there's nothing that says cancel it. What's the problem about this one?
Meg Tovey: Should I put this on? Send finalized invoices and credit notes.
Kyle Musca: What does that mean? Send finalized invoices and credit notes. basically after it's paid, I assume that it sends them the invoice.
Meg Tovey: Can turn it off? Because I feel like knowing that it's coming out every week is a not good thing. Yeah, I mean, you can turn it off. Is that what that means?
Kyle Musca: I would assume that's what that is, yeah. Sending reminders if a recurring invoice hasn't been paid. Yeah, so two days when it's due, two days before it's due. Yeah. Yeah, so that, I guess the downside of that is it turns off the reminder to them if they didn't pay it. But that's a deal's choice. That's not, all this other stuff doesn't seem to be.
Meg Tovey: But up here it said send email when card payments fail.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's, oh, true, that's an invoice. So that would be like as a once a payment, which you won't really be doing. So that doesn't really matter either way. Yeah, okay. The main thing is it just doesn't cancel the subscription. Because that happened to me and I was like, what the ?
Meg Tovey: You know, I'm
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but on that, then you should be fine. That's pretty much the essence of how to use Stripe for what you need to use it for.
Meg Tovey: And there's nothing in here that says they can edit their own  or anything like that?
Kyle Musca: No, they can't do any of that.
Meg Tovey: Cool. Slay. That answered my question about the new contract. Not tracking data easy to put in. Oh, that's me. Not tracking data easy to put in your check-in. Also, oh, probably don't have time to do it today. But I just would love to see, like, your process for onboarding. Two things, actually. Onboarding a new coach and also onboarding for the client. Because the way I've been doing it works. But I can't imagine if... Like... Like the volume increased, which hopefully it's going to, it would be a bit messy or just like not as streamlined as it could be. And then, yeah, I'd love to go through our onboarding for actual clients since we've redone it.
Kyle Musca: So with the coach, the biggest thing I would say there is like one, show them how to obviously like onboard a client, all the things that they need to do, and then just record absolutely everything you do, and then put it into like a accessible file that they can come back and reflect on. And then just try and structure things, like if there's a certain way that, you know, you like check-ins being done, or your, for example, your coaches who do the check-ins, like break it down step by step. So it's like, first thing I do when I come into a client's check-in is X, Y, Z, then I go there. So just super, super clear for them. And then, again, everything that you speak about, any SOPs, all those things for them, just record so they have access to and they can reflect. And then just make it known to them, like, ask me as many questions as you need if you're not sure. I want to make sure you get this done properly. And then from there, it's like, I find it's just a matter of like sort of drip feeding them clients. You know, if they get, you know, three clients a week, like it should be very easy for them to sort of manage. And then, you know, they build up confidence doing it pretty quickly. And then from there, it's pretty good. Honestly, I find like a coach, as long as they're not a complete sped, like it's a pretty easy onboarding process if they're eager to get in and actually start helping people.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I think I just, yeah, I think I was overthinking that. because I've had the best experience with all my team so far, but I just, I was like, I don't know, guess you don't know what you don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I've had the same. Like, coaches, in my opinion, are probably the easiest hire you make within the business.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, what's your thoughts on me hiring, like, a set-up to slowly train or to just take on a couple of calls?
Kyle Musca: You could. Like, I think it's – I think it would be really important for us to see how well we go with, like, the lead magnet stuff. Because, like, a setter would be – a good setter would be a great addition to the business, like an outbound setter. But you just need to actually give them the work to do. So they need volume. But then, yeah, so I think if we can dial in the lead magnet stuff, then it brings in the opportunity to bring in a setter and potentially even work them into a closer.
Meg Tovey: Oh, . I meant a closer. I've got a setter.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right. Okay, fantastic. I meant, like, an outbound phone setter, not a DM setter.
Meg Tovey: Oh, right. Yeah, yeah. No, I don't have enough numbers to do outbound.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like it's, you know, theoretically, it'd good to hire, but you didn't need the volume.
Meg Tovey: No, sorry, I meant a closer.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so closer, the biggest thing is just proof of concept that you're consistently getting leads on a weekly basis because you don't want to bring on a closer, especially if they're a good closer, and you just don't have enough work for them to go because they'll very quickly, like, pack up and head on to the next thing. Even then, it, I would only bring on a closer when you are just so flat out with calls that you just could not handle any more excess. And you're going to remain the most profitable when you're front and center making the sales yourself because, one, your conversion rate should be higher. And, two, you don't have to pay that extra 10% commissions or whatever you decide to make it with What would you consider, like, full?
Meg Tovey: Because, like, I fully understand there's a time to do each thing, but I also am, like, I'm wanting to build a business that is not, like, a small business. Like, I want to build a  big business. So I want to be, like, I guess, yeah, aware of when that time is. Because right now, like, I, like, because I'm also doing client calls, it's, like, obviously different. Yeah, I don't know. What is capacity?
Kyle Musca: So, like, a full-time closing should be able to take at least 25 to 30 calls a week. And, again, it's kind of, like, a closer is the hardest hire you're making your business by a long shot. It doesn't edit.
Meg Tovey: Nah, yeah. And I know because you said that last time, but it's also, like, it's something I know I will do because I plan on the business continuing to grow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, I would, I would, like. Like, I would suggest, like, if you're getting a bare minimum of 10, but more so, ideally, 15 calls every single week, then it's like there's merit to bring on a closer. But you've also got to kind of remember that when you bring on a closer, your attention needs to shift to, you know, really pumping out as much content and marketing as possible to bring in those leads. So it's like, that's the trade.
Meg Tovey: It's like, yeah, it's fine. Because I don't, that's like, it is a time, the bottleneck right now is like a time thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I wouldn't rush the hire of a closer in that sense as well, because like, yes, it is a time constraint. But realistically, if you're, you know, getting a ton of calls booked and you're closing on those calls, you do remain really highly profitable. So it's like, like, I would enjoy that. And then, yeah. Again, once you've got that proof concept that the leads are consistently coming through and you've got the whole final front-to-back build, it's like, okay, cool, we can look at bringing on a closer.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Might even be worth, again, this is where something like the lead magnet stuff would come into play and getting that refined because it's like you could do more like trip-wide calls, lower intent calls to give them the volume just to get their reps in a lot more because it'd be very unlikely that you'll find a really good experience closer who, you know, is only going to be happy taking, you know, 10, 15 calls initially. Yeah. Unfortunately, it's a very inflated industry. know, every closer thinks that, you know, because they did some, you know, $10,000 or $20,000 course and have no previous sales experience or skill that they should be making $10,000 a month off the bat. And it's like, well, unless you're making me $100,000 a month, I don't really see how that's possible. But just because that's. I they were all sold, you know what I mean? Become a remote closer and work from anywhere in the world when you want, make 10K a month, it's easy. But the reality is most of them are completely  and they're just chasing a paycheck.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, I'm fully aware that it's not right now, but I also like that's what 30 something calls booked in the last two weeks. And I don't know if it's random and going to stop, but I would hope it isn't going to stop because I'm going to kind of keep doing whatever I need to do to keep it going and keep growing. So I feel like, yeah, not right now, but it's definitely something I probably need to start thinking about because I don't want to be like, yeah, I guess I don't want my time to be the reason why the business can't grow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Yeah. So we'll closely monitor it. And yeah, if it makes sense to do it, then absolutely. What might be.
Meg Tovey: Would be worthwhile looking at is like potentially bringing on a part-time closer or if we get to I was kind of saying at the start, like is that something I wouldn't want to probably hire someone full-time from the get-go, like if that's a thing to kind of bring someone on that could maybe take half of the calls, I'd still take half the calls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we could definitely look at that. The scenarios would be a part-time closer and there's trade-offs for this. So it's like if they're a part-time closer, that probably means they've got other distractions in their life. Maybe they've got a kid or whatever. The other option that could be probably maybe a better option is like if they were working between accounts. So it's like maybe they get it on your offer and someone else's offer and they're both part-time, but that gives them full-time work.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Does Ray want to hire a closer?
Kyle Musca: She's got a closer, but she ran into the same issue of... So trialing closer. It's the hardest hire, too, because it's like you bring on a closer and you're paying to get them leads. And if they're not converting, it's like not only are losing the money you've spent on ads, but you're losing the lost income that you would have got if you had closed them. So it's like, and it's the most pivotal hire you make as well because it will make or break your business. It is the point of entry for people to come into your business. If they're not competent in their ability, then it's like you're just draining money.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I fully understand what you're saying, but I also like don't plan on having a small business. So it's going to be something I need to do at some point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's the, probably the most likely option. The other option as well as what I kind of mentioned before, where you might want to bring them on as a, you know, closer slash setter initially. So they can sort of generate that own work and you can kind of train them up and they can kind of build within the business. I'd say it's probably those two. I think if you just went for a normal part-time one, they'd probably be too distracted or not, skillful enough.
Meg Tovey: Did you go straight to hiring a full-time closer?
Kyle Musca: Yes. When I first hired my closer, yes. But that was also me taking, like, a decent amount of calls through the week and giving them the excess on top of that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And even then, it's just, like, I try and avoid hiring closers as often as possible. But, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: But it's definitely something we can look at. There's some cool sort of websites I've been playing around with to try and source them. And then I also want to, that Seek's quite a good way to try and find some there as well.
Meg Tovey: So. we go. Yeah. Yeah. I just feel like I'm best in the vision spot of the business.
Kyle Musca: That's how I'm great best. Yeah. It's good to have like still a few fingers in the pie of what realistically should be driving marketing for, you know, the foreseeable future anyway. And then it's always good to have a few fingers in the pie of the sales because one, again, you stay more profitable. But also to, you know, test the waters of what the lead flow is actually like because if your closer is coming to you and they're doing   and they're like, oh, the leads just suck, but you're making sales, it's like, well, that's not really making sense, buddy. Yeah. Yeah, we can definitely look at it. Like, don't get me wrong, I'm not opposed to hiring a closer. It just has to be done right and I certainly wouldn't rush it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Or even just like, I'm open for you. Like, if you're like, hey, wait till you get to this many calls a week. I just, yeah, want to. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Bye. Bye. Yeah, as long as you're getting, I would say a bare minimum of 10, but ideally 15 plus calls a week. It's like, okay, it's reasonable enough for us to start looking at it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. Anything else you want to cover at all?
Meg Tovey: Just the onboarding thing, but we'll just do it next week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. All right, sweet. Let me know how you go if one gets back to you. Otherwise, if you have any other questions in the meantime, just let me know.
Meg Tovey: Thank you. There was one thing I was going to, you were going to send, or I was going to send. I don't know what it was now. Never mind.
Kyle Musca: It pops up, yeah, just send me a message.
Meg Tovey: Thank you so much. All good. All right. Enjoy the rest of our chat soon. You too. Bye.


>>> 63/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-14T08:57:33Z | id:114085752
People: Kyle Musca

Arran Humphreys: This meeting is being recorded. This is... Thank you. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Hey, How you going?
Arran Humphreys: Hey, bro. How you doing, man?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good. How's it going, man? How was your trip?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, was good, bro. It was a good, nice little trip away. Now straight back into it, which is good. I got home. I drove home yesterday. It was like a 12 and half hour drive. Within 10 minutes of getting home, jumped on a sales call and closed in. So I was stoked.
Kyle Musca: Nice, man. Nice. That's solid. Cool, bro. All right. Well, I mean, I doubt heaps has happened since last time we spoke because you've kind of just got to Byron. So have you made sort of much progress on what we spoke about last week?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, man. So I bought the many chat, got that all set up, like the good plan and that. I reached out today to the two contacts that you sent me. So I'm going to start. We'll settle. That up this week. And then I started to film some ads there. But when I was re-watching them, like, I just come across, like, real, like, sort of , like, robotic. Like, I was reading off a script. So this weekend, I'm just, this whole weekend, just going to be just trying to get that right. I've been watching lots of your ads. I think I just need to come across sort of how I do my reels now. But I overlay that same script.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. You don't want to come across as, like, Addy or anything like that. What I'll do, like, what I do and what I, you know, I do like to get you to the point of doing as well, is sort of just, like, really understanding the framework of, you know, ads, essentially. Because, like, I don't even write my own scripts now. I just sort of sit down and because I understand the framework, like, I'll have a topic. And I'll, again, same as all organic content, I'll have a look at other people's ads, how they say it, what they say say The angles that they come from, you know, hooks they use, all that . But then I'll just sit down and just , you know, I call it gunslinging, where you just don't have a script or anything like that. just go off top of head. And I find that, for me, I assume, like, it would be the same for anyone that's, you know, actually not a bit of a retard on camera and can, like, speak properly. It just comes across a lot more natural. And it doesn't come across as, you know, AI, ChatGPT generated. Like, all the scripts, you know, I obviously have a whole AI project built out specifically for it. But I'll go through and I'll, like, reword them all completely so it doesn't, you know, come across as ChatGPT and AI. Because AI uses the same  wording terminologies and stuff all the time. And that's why when you'll see, you know, you'll scroll through Instagram and stuff and you'll see some  Tom, Dick, and Harry doing one ad. And then you'll scroll down three things. And then, you know, John's doing the exact same ad almost to the exact The same wording. It's like, well, you guys all sound  stupid. So, yeah, finding, getting in that natural sort of, like, zone is good to go about it for sure.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, right, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then that's why it should be on the script, but you'll see also on the scripts, like, it has the different steps. So, like, you know, the PASA framework is problem, agitation, solution, action. So, it's like, if you can sit down and you, you know, you add the hook onto it, like, if you're a dude looking to lose 10 to 12 kilos in next three months, this is for you. Like, right now, you're probably going to the gym, you're probably  eating healthy, you're putting in the work but not seeing the results. Problem. That probably, you know, every time you start strong on Monday and you find yourself elbow deep in a carton of beers by Sunday and you end up in the same, if not worse, position that when you started, still feeling like , still looking like . So, agitation, solution, that's exactly where I come in. I'll build you a plan that suits your life so you can, you know, still enjoy getting on the beers with the lads. That's on the weekend while, you know, progressing, you know, getting the results that you're looking for. That one that fits within your, you know, busy, hectic trade lifestyle. So, you know, you can still prioritize your work while, you know, making progress, whatever the  you say, right? Solution, action, you know, if you're to learn a little bit more, DM the word trade, let's have a chat. And then I always like to add like a reinforcement at the end of it. Like, you know, don't DM me if you're a lazy fat , I don't care about you, don't work with you. This is for serious guys.
Arran Humphreys: If you're serious, shoot me through that DM. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, it's like if you understand the framework, you can just sort of sit down and  bang it out.
Arran Humphreys: And like flow, let it flow a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And then it becomes across like completely unique and you can come across in your own, you know, your own way, which is super ideal. So, and then with the scripts as well, I don't know how. Let's friend. Go. Where Who You were, because you don't really, you've never really done scripted content, have you?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, man. Like, I get, I've trained my chat GPT to sort of like what I want it to give me, and then it just shoots me sort of ideas, but I don't, I've never really like read out, read off script, nah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, you don't have to follow this word forward, like, you can read it and then, you know, say, I've tried to follow it closely, because I've worded things specifically for specific reasons. But like, just, you know, if you say, if you're like, if you're a dude working long days, and you're like, ah, , I didn't say if you're a bloke who works long days, like, that's not the end of the world, you know what mean? Say it how you want to say it. But you'll see that there's, like, dots throughout it, like the dot, dot, dot, that basically, and you don't have to stick to this, but that's basically how I would do each clip. So, it's like, I don't know how you were doing it, but like, I wouldn't try and do it. Like, if you're a bloke. If a works long days, gets home absolutely cooked, and you're still trying to follow fitness advice from influencers who wouldn't know how hard days work if a turkey slaps them in the face, then I would stop, re-gather myself, look at what's next. This is for you. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'd read this. Here's the elephant that nobody wants to address. Say that. Say it right, because that's a point. Here's the elephant that nobody wants to address. Right? And then stop, recompose yourself. Most plans are built for people with, most plans are built, most plans are built by people with all the time in the world. Stop. They don't wake up at 4 a.m., they don't roast in the sun all day, and they have access to all the equipment they need at the drop of a hat. So it's like when you break it down like that, again, it just allows you to say exactly how you want without, you know, trying to  just word jumble everything all at once.
Arran Humphreys: Thank you. you. Yeah, okay. And like I've been looking at some of your ads. Some of your ads you're just sitting like in the same spot. Some of them, you know, you're cutting around in different areas in the gym. You reckon I should do, say, I run this one sitting there, another one walking around a work site, one in the gym, and then when we're split testing, they're all completely sort of different and we can see what works?
Kyle Musca: Um, well, I do the sitting ones because I travel a lot now. Um, yeah. And it's just what I have access to. Um, I mean, it doesn't make like the world of difference, to be honest. It is going to come down to what you want to do at the end of the day. Um, yeah, I mean, it honestly doesn't make the world of to be honest. Um, the, the talking ones just make it a little bit like the walking and talking ones just make it a little bit, I guess, more engaging. Um, cause things are moving, you know, you're in different places, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Yeah. But if you do the sitting ones, it's just important to have, like, a lot of  on screen. Like, here's how the app looks, here's the meal plans, here's the programs, the , you know. You don't want to get a gimmicky, like, if you're going to use stock footage of just some dude on a trade side, for example.
Arran Humphreys: But I'm sure you probably have plenty of videos of you on the job side, you know, whatever.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, just use overlays and stuff to keep it nice and engaging.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah. So, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of that stuff?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, man. So that's all sweet. What I was going to ask is for our photo ads, so the ones that, like, you know, just make, you said make them, like, in Instagram. Do you have what you want me to write on there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I can. Yes, did I? I did the ad graphics for you, didn't I?
Arran Humphreys: I think that's all I got.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, cool. So in that case, yes, I can definitely...
Arran Humphreys: Because that's something I'll be able to get bang up. How do they go compared to like videos?
Kyle Musca: Usually I find they bring in a better cost per lead, like you get cheaper leads, but usually less than 10.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, like older.
Kyle Musca: Well, it's just like less friction.
Arran Humphreys: don't have to sit down and watch the video to see how to interact. It's just like, if you want to lose 10 kilos, message me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So don't get me wrong, like they can , if it's good performing, if it's written well and everything, you know. Like Brie, for example, she built her entire business of like one that just  ripped for her.
Arran Humphreys: So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, that's the thing with ads, man. Like, that's why we split test is like, you know, we'll try all different angles, creatives, messages, everything like that. But at the end of the day, all we need is just to find one winning ad and that can, like, build your entire business.
Arran Humphreys: That's sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So beautiful on that front. Have you had a chance to reword the DM script?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. I had a lot. started, like, playing around with it to be able to send to the setters and that. Yeah. So it'd be, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. If you want to, did you add me to your manager?
Arran Humphreys: No.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. can add Yeah, just go settings, team members, and then you can just send me the link, and then I'll join.
Arran Humphreys: Also, had a real blow up this week again, too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I saw that. Yeah, they're  popping off you, man.
Arran Humphreys: That cooking one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I saw that.
Arran Humphreys: So I asked Sage, because it went off for Sage. I said, can I  do that? And he's like, yeah, yeah, do that. And then it went off. And I was like, , that's sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, man, I'll double down on them. I told Sage to get on them ages ago. Yeah. But like, if it works, man,  double down on it.
Arran Humphreys: Well, I, I think, I think your partner might have actually done the one. I filmed it that same day before I seen those. It was like some  pizza thing, chicken pizza thing. I've done one of them that I'll post this week, see how it goes. Because it's obviously working, so just double down on it, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. They're really, really good for lead magnets, because it's like, you know, you can be like, if you want my, my version, that's... It's, you know, lowering calories and high in protein. DM me the word pizza and I'll send it through.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, well, that's what I sort of  up. So I'd set up the automation and it's about like hundreds of comments. And then I just, I automated it to just send it. Do you reckon it would have been better to be like, can you automate it to say like, follow me? Then they'd follow and then it would send it.
Kyle Musca: I don't know if that's something you can do. I wouldn't do that.
Arran Humphreys: You wouldn't?
Kyle Musca: Nah, just because like, like it just seems like.
Arran Humphreys: be like, who's this ?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, be like a little bit. Because it's like, it's a piece of easily free value. You know what I mean? Like, and to be fair, like if they've engaged in your account, then Instagram should show you them more of your content. So it's like, yeah. Like, you know, the, the, the, the, what you mean? What want to do is like, you know, at the bottom of the message or something like that, or, you know, separate the message, is just be like, you know, if you want to see more content like this, drop me a follow because I post it every single day. Yeah. Or, you know, drop me a follow, I'd really appreciate the sport.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I put that at the end. And I gained heaps of followers off it, so it did work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, right. I'm just like very, very cautious about not coming across desperate in any sort of way. You know what mean? Like if I swiped up on something, because it's not like you're giving him , you know, a golden nugget on how to drop 10 kilos. You're just giving him a simple recipe from a video that's not even technically yours. So if someone, if I, if I, you know, message someone that, for that, and they're like, oh, I'm not sending it through until you follow me, I'll be like, we'll get .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. That's true. I'm trying to add you to this thing, but I think. I I might have to do it on my laptop.
Kyle Musca: don't know if I should use my mobile app. Yeah, might not. But what I can do there, Michael, hey?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. No, you can't go.
Kyle Musca: Michael should set up the flow anyway, but I just need to set up. You'll need to reword it anyway because he went off my original one. But this is basically the flow we'll use.
Arran Humphreys: So this is for the, like, qualification for it or to see if each lead's actually good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So most of the wording, actually, now, once he implements it, I can literally just, like, transfer this straight into your account and then you can just come in and tweak it a little bit to your own wording and transmissions and stuff like that. But that's very easy to do. Do you have any questions on Manichat or any of the stuff that we did speak about last week?
Arran Humphreys: Not really, bro. I'm sure as I get further into it, I'll probably have a heap for you as I get stuck on . So this right here, so this is what is, so say someone clicks on the ad, this is the thing that is going to actually tell us if it was not just a random click, if they can follow through the steps, and it was sort of qualified.
Kyle Musca: Yes, so I'll show you on the back end here. So I'll do this one because it's the most contrast. So if we were just going off meta, it tracks it by cost per result. So that's... Click on the ad, essentially. Anyone who clicks that send message. Doesn't matter if it's a misclick. Doesn't matter if it's a 14-year-old. Doesn't matter if it's a  whatever. And this is what marketing platforms will do because, like, 99% of people don't even know what they're looking at. So on paper, you know, you're getting $13 per lead. You'd be like,  yeah, I'm cheering. You know, I've got all the clients in the world. I'm going to be balling, right? Realistically, though, like, doesn't take any consideration qualification whether or not they're actually a good lead or not. So that's what this does here. If they click on working full-time, there's a little conversion API set up there. So they have to get right to this point and answer exactly how we wanted them to answer, which is really just working full-time. But also get to the end of the flow because that's a really important thing as well. You know what I mean? Like, not just the fact that they're qualified, but they've actually engaged enough that they, you know, are willing to click through and start the conversation.
Arran Humphreys: Conversation. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because there'll be a lot where, you know, they message through on this and then whatever  reason, never hear from him again. Yeah. And then, so that just allows us to go, where is it? That just allows us to go, cool, you know, out of the 16 that messaged through, eight of them were actually qualified.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, you know.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. So, like this one, 100, 159, and then it's actually 59. That, um, this one. Yeah, that down, don't keep going down. Oh, the one that's off, and it says messaging conversations, 159, and then meta leads, 59.
Kyle Musca: Is that saying the difference? So, that's just saying, so this is the total amount. So, you know, you got 159 or, you know, for. For this case, we've got 16 people that actually clicked on that send message button. Yeah. And so for the amount of money that, you know, I've spent, so I only reopened these up the other day, but like let's say I spent $217 on it, got 16 messages. That means that cost per result for every time someone clicked on that send message button was $13.60. But out of those 16, only eight of them finished the ManyChat flow and were qualified by working full-time of the people I actually want to target. And that means that my cost per actual lead is $27.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Which is still good. I'm  cheering at that. Yeah. Realistically. Like anything under $60 is like scalable. $60 is not ideally what I want to see. But like if I've got no other performing ads, then I'll leave it on. Technical, between $60 to $80 is like, you know, you're  scraping the bottom of the barrel. But if nothing else is working. If But... uh You know, kind of just trying to hold the four down until you find something else that's working. Anything under $60, anything realistically under like $40, you're  cheering.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I can.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, you know, and again, this is where we'll have to get you to track your CEO dashboard. Have I sent you this before?
Arran Humphreys: Nah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so we'll have to look at getting a VA to do that.
Arran Humphreys: mean, you could probably do Is there something that we, that I could do on that go high level thing as well?
Kyle Musca: Um, not this. Uh, this is more so, you know, this is basically just to break down the funnel from front to back.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So I'll put on my, this is, that was the template, but I'll show you my actual one. So it has data filled out. Okay. So. So, yeah, cool. So, basically, every time you see a dash here, it's an auto-calculation based off the manual inputs that you put. So, let's say last week I spent two and a half grand on ads. I'm just getting back into the swing of things. From that, it brought in 71 leads, right? You'll see that there's ManyChat and MetaRads. Reason for that is because without that conversion API and you're going off cost per result, that's what it originally was and that, obviously, would be completely different. it goes off ManyChat, MetaRads, doesn't matter. It should be pretty similar either way. From that, it will auto-calculate the $35 per lead or how much it actually costs me per lead. Yeah. Then, from that, I got 26 calls booked, right? Which basically means that my booking-to-lead ratio, so how many calls did I book from the amount of people that messaged me was 36.
Arran Humphreys: Yes. Thanks. Thank
Kyle Musca: Which is fantastic. Industry average is about 10%. So, you know, if you can get those kind of numbers, you're  cheering. This basically tells me... From here, this basically, that highlighted period tells me if it's a setting issue. Or, I mean, technically...
Arran Humphreys: Like in the DM, like in this, to get them onto the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so technically, this highlighted bit is if it's a marketing issue. my ads are , they're just not  hitting right, they're not performing, this will tell me. You if I'm spending a  ton on ads, getting no leads, that's a problem. That's a marketing issue. They're not even coming through the door. From, I guess, here to here is telling me if it's a setting issue or maybe a qualification issue. If I'm getting a  ton of leads, but they're not booking in, the setters aren't doing their job right. I need to review that. Or, you know, we're, nah, I'd say that's more of a, nah, I'd say that's more of a setting issue either way, more than qualification, because if they're not qualified, you should get more calls booked in, if anything. They should just be  calls. Um, so, from here, this period here, is a show-up issue, so if I'm getting a ton of calls booked in, but they're just not  showing up to the call, I need to figure out what I need to implement there to make sure that they know how to get on the call, that I'm, I'm following up with them to make sure they're ready for it, hence why the post-booking flow is so important.
Arran Humphreys: That's it, that BSL and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yep, yep.
Arran Humphreys: Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: For example, when I sent my AI setter in there once, uh, or for a good, like, six, six months, to be honest with you, these numbers are all  fantastic, right, um, but because as soon as I booked in the call, it's like, cool, you booked in at 7pm tomorrow. chat to you then, and it just  off. My shot-up rate was like 20%, so it plunged from 60%, 50%, 60%, right down to just 20%, and that obviously  you. So it's like that's important to understand. Total sales made and closing percent, that's obviously just a sales issue. You know what I mean? Like if that's not working and everything else is looking great, it's either a sales issue or a qualification. So that's, luckily for you, you'll be taking a sale, so you'll be able to know and understand that to a degree. But if you had a closer on, for example, you know, it kind of helps you to say like, if all these numbers are  looking insane, and they close right, it's just  awful. It's like, well, odds are it's probably a sales issue, but let's go and have a look, and maybe we tighten the nozzle and qualify a little bit harder.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Theoretically, like, again, should, they should just, we should just be getting more calls booked if they're not qualified. So it's like, you know, they should still be closing to a degree. That's, you know, obviously you have to be able to understand the numbers and look at things and actually do some background checking and everything like that. But like, let's say if you had a closer on and their  close rate was absolute , you go through, read through all the people that booked in a call and they all had qualified jobs, the conversations, were all keen, everything like that. It's like, okay, well, it's pretty easy to understand that, you know, you could probably just  it, your job. And then cost per acquisition, really important. So like, let's say, you know, for, yeah, so let's say it's $199 here, 200 bucks. And my lifetime value is, so that basically means like how much did it spend me on ads? So. So. Obviously, acquire a client that week, $200. My lifetime value of my clients is about $2,500. So one, therefore, I don't technically profit $2,300 from that because I've to pay closers and pay coaches. So it's not that total profit, and it's not the true cost to acquire a client. Realistically, my cost to acquire a client would be an extra $25 on this, plus an extra 10% in commissions. So you'd have to take into consideration that. But based off the ads alone, that was the cost per acquiring a client there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Really good because, again, if your lifetime values – so technically, I can spend – and, you know, this is not a great business model to do this, but if my lifetime value is $2,500, I can therefore go technically spend $2,500 to acquire a client and strong-arm other coaches out of competition because, again – To you, the majority of other coaches are not going to have a $2,500 cost or lifetime value of a client. That's why charging more is, you know, if you can get charging more down, right, that's why it's so important to do it because, one, you can strong arm competition out of competition, but two, you can also weather storms. You know what If you go through a real  period for whatever  reason and your costs do go up a bit more, at least you know you're not , you know, scraping by if your lifetime value was only $1,200 or something like that because your room for error then is a lot lower.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then it's just total cash collected and everything like that. So, you know, that week I made $19,000 in terms of cash collected just off that. So, that doesn't, that's not recurring revenue or anything. That's just how much money did you actually collect on calls. Future revenue is the contract value minus the cash. So there's extra $22,000 in the pipeline there once they pay out all that . And then total is $42,000 in terms of total revenue for the week and then return on investment.
Arran Humphreys: So if every dollar...
Kyle Musca: that's like reoccurring and stuff as well? That's their reoccurring. So it's like if they... Let's say they pay me $2,000, like they go on a $2,000 program, they pay me $1,000, which is the cash collected, then they still have $1,000 to cover.
Arran Humphreys: So you $1,000 and then the total would be $2,000. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. So this isn't any... This is only to do with sales from that week. This has nothing to do with people already in the team.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then return on investment for every, you know, six... For every dollar I put in, I got $16 in return. Or, you know, some crazy weeks. Every dollar I put in, you get $58 at $24. You know what mean? So that's important.
Arran Humphreys: That's crazy.
Kyle Musca: And then you could also, I don't do it, but it would be worth getting into the habit of doing. You can also, and especially if you're getting a VA to do this, track your organic leads and everything there as well.
Arran Humphreys: Yep. So yeah, so like with the ads, that'll be coming straight through my DMs, because the ad's going to obviously drive them to my DMs. And then my  through my type form, then that'll just be my organic stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would keep it that way. I found that when you're doing CCAs and stuff, people like organic leads seem to respond better to an actual type form application. Whether it seems like a little bit more personal or whether it seems like it's a little bit more efficient. Who the  knows? I would say it's probably more so, like if I had to pinpoint, I'd say it's because it feels a little bit more official. Like they've already bought into you. They trust you. They've built that relationship with you. They understand you're a coach. So it feels a little bit more official in that sense. Whereas someone who's coming in from the ads, they don't know who you are. They don't know what you're about. They don't want to feel like they've committed to something, which is why the DMs work really well because it just gives them that opportunity to conversate.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, like you'll see all the DMs in here and then the setters will just get back to more for you, man. Like cool thing about that is that you just get calls booked in and just show up and take them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's made.
Kyle Musca: And you got to be careful of being, yeah, between the two. But yeah. Yeah. Does that make sense?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that makes sense, man. Let's see.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then once we get all that implemented, we'll put. Probably get into just the making sure that the show-up rate and the leading up to it is all done correctly, but that's a pretty easy process, to be honest. Are you going to use GoHighLevel or are going to continue on Calendly?
Arran Humphreys: I think I'll go, I think I will use GoHighLevel, just to try and set it up tracking my , because I'm finding like, , because I'm putting everything in manually and that, and it's just getting a bit messy, but that GoHighLevel apparently will just track all your  automatically. So I just wanted to give it a go anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What are you specifically wanting to track?
Arran Humphreys: Well, just, well, I want to see, I want to track, like, how many leads I've got coming in. So I've just been doing my own Excel. Sage actually sent me his one, and I've just been... Using that and then like doing all that because I'm doing it manually and juggling it all. I was like, see if I could automate it. And then also I just want something to track all my clients and see who's on what and who's been with me for so long. Because I think you can make a dashboard with it like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would keep that stuff in Google Sheets. It's just easier and just get a VA to handle it for you. Okay. Just because like I have, you know, for what you just said, for example. Like I have that. But, you know, I don't fill this out. My VA comes in and does this and pre-fills it all for me. Yeah, okay. So I think to, you know, do it and go high level just overcomplicates it because you have to build all these different pipelines and everything like that. Yeah. Whereas, yeah. Google Sheets just makes it really nice and easy for that, like data tracking side of things. GoHallup was good for pipeline management. So it's like, you know, if you wanted to do, I'll just do this one. This is something recent I've kind of built out. The good thing about like the DM ads is it keeps everything nice and simple within ManyChat and native to Instagram, right? So at the end of the day, the main focus is simplicity. People love to chase the carrot with complexity because it sounds  great. Like I've got to track all these different pieces of data and  have these pipelines and have all these automations set up and everything like that. And it's like, it's gimmicky, it sells, right? But realistically, from a data standpoint, there's only a few key pieces of data that you really need to understand that. We're going to move the business forward. Overcomplicating it and trying to  track everything else is just a waste of time. Now, don't get me wrong. Data is super, super cool. You do need data to really push into high levels of income and build your business. But again, it's a double-edged sword because if you go  too crazy on it, it becomes inconsistent. And if it becomes inconsistent, it will become inaccurate and then it's  useless, right? So it's just like, that's why, you for the CEO dashboard or, you know, it's my active client list for my actual coaches, for example. CEO dashboard, it's just like, just track the key numbers that actually do make a difference. Like, don't try to complicate it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And even like, you know, even to give my  lifetime value and , I think it'd be some crazy  cheat. It's just this. It's just when a client cancels, when they cancel... Was their program complete or incomplete?
Arran Humphreys: How much did they actually  spend? Wi-Fi bitched it. Eh? Just some of the Wi-Fi bitched it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, that's it.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, like, it's just, you know, it sells when you're like, , got to track data, which it is. I'm not saying data is not bad, but, like, not good to track at all. But it's also, like, , you know, selling, like, a 75-day hard or something where you've got to  do eight hours of cardio and, like, X, Y, Z, and it's, like, the unmotivated fat, kind of, like, yeah, that's what I need.
Arran Humphreys: But it's, like, it's not what you need. Yeah, because there's been this lad that's been just  pumping it on his stories. But he doesn't, he's one of the people that you posted on your story the other day. Like, he doesn't, he's, he's got , um... Organic content and doesn't post content, but he just pumps ads, and he's just been like, just selling, because he's white-labeled his go-high level, and then he's been trying to sell it to coaches and that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's like, it's not necessary. Like, even if it, two things on that one, it's not necessary. Like, that's the, you know, good thing about keeping it in ManyChat and Instagram. You keep it real native to Instagram that you don't need to do that. So, it's cost-effective in that sense. But, two, like, unless you're got some kind of, like, really complex, advanced funnel and stuff where you need a ton of automations, then it's, like, again, just unnecessary. And, realistically, for the DM, like, one funnel should be able to scale you to a million dollars before you even need to look at implementing a different funnel.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. So, when you say funnel, what do you mean by that? Bye. Bye.
Kyle Musca: Bye. So a funnel is like basically the first point of contact to when they become a paying customer. To a degree. They can become a paying customer and that's part of a bigger funnel. That's a value ladder. But a funnel would be like they see the ad, they message through, they book a call, they take the call, they sell. It's just a nice, simple funnel. You know what I mean? Whereas what these guys are trying to sell, it's like you  post this content, they opt in, they get some automations, they book in a call, a triage call, they book in a closing call, you know what mean? Or some  like that. Or they go in an email sequence or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: It's like, well, , man. Like that's just unnecessary. That makes sense, man.
Kyle Musca: And then it's also a hard ticket thing as well. It's like, I'll implement this thing into your, go to a high level, you know. You know, 10 grand for it, but it's like, I could pay someone from Pakistan to do it for like 300 bucks.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah. There's a lot of things out there that's just like chasing the carrot, man. And there's , like, I don't know if you've seen that Will Tennyson guy. I think his name's Will Tennyson.
Arran Humphreys: No. No, that kind of thing, , his ads have just been rinsing me lately. I think, let me have a look. I think this is a fella.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So he's on like, you know, his message is like, don't need to post content. You just need to be good at ads.
Arran Humphreys: I know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that one.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I know two people that have gone through his program, you know, spent 20 grand for like three months and just  did not see a cent of it back, eh?
Arran Humphreys: Like, just terrible.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, and, you know, they show them how to set up the ad or whatever to a very basic degree, which, you know, this ad structure. Structure is only about 20% of how successful it's going to be. It's not  rocket science to set that up properly, although there are a lot of different avenues and things that get you with. But realistically, if you don't have the organic content or the right message in the ads, then they're just not going to  do well. And literally one of the guys that came from Will Nelson came to me, and I basically said, like, you know, ran ads for him, structured a ride, did all the messages you guys usually do, was not converting. And I was like, dude, you need to, you know, focus more on organic content, you need to get that up to scratch. Soon as he implemented organic content, he started making sales, and, you know, it's pretty automated and autopilot for him now.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Same thing was, I just got off the phone with another chick who was pretty much in the exact same situation. And I was like, well, because she gets her coaches to film the organic content. And I was like, you'll know where to be seen on this. Like, I would just assume you're a closer or something. I don't know who you are. You need to film content. And yeah, she didn't want to be a part of it because she wanted to be like out of the business and kind of like have it automated. She filmed, got her to start filming organic content. And she's like, I don't know what it is. I've just been like  crushing sales recently. Ever since she was like, ever since the 11th, it's just been like sell, sell, sell, sell, sell. And I was like, all right, let's check it out. Scroll down. First video she started posting again was on the 10th. So like from, it's one of those things you can't directly track, but from everything I've seen, it's just like organic content is 100% necessary for you to run ads. Otherwise, it's just not going to  work.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, I'm pretty glad like, you know, when I started, like when I started with you, think I was only doing like seven grand a month. And hopefully this month, I should do like, well, depending, at the moment, it's looking like I'll do like 23, 24 and could ramp up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. open.
Arran Humphreys: Just organic. I'm  pretty stoked on that, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that's huge. When you're already dealing with big numbers, they're not crazy, crazy massive numbers, but when you're already dealing with thousands of dollars, getting it 2x or 3x or 4x is actually pretty monumental. Again, that's a bit of a side tangent, but I've seen people be like, I increased this business by 200%. It's like they started with 6 clients and you got them to 20. It's not  anything insane. But yeah, like that's why I'm big on like getting the organic side of things done properly first, because it's like the ads, don't get me wrong, I'm a  for ads, and that will scale your business faster than anything else. But again, just without that organic to back it and for them to really consume who you are and get to know you and build that trust and relationship and authority, then they're just... flop. Like, bettors don't do well.
Arran Humphreys: Got you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'm keen to see how it goes, man. Like, I think it should do well.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, man. Me too. Something that I am going to do over the next few weeks that I said I was going to do at eight, but did. I still got a fair few clients on, like,  $35, $40 a week. and now that I'm, like, I've got, like, 72 active clients, so I'm going to, and I have quite a lot that are super happy. They're always checking in. So I am going to try and push their price to, like, at least  $55, $60. Yeah. Just so I don't get fully capped out not making that much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you could do that, or the other option there is you could just say, look, I'll keep you on $35 a week. We just won't be doing check-ins, but I'll do a week.
Arran Humphreys: Programming stuff for you still. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was going to say, like, if they didn't want to, maybe say, like, I'll do fortnightly check-ins, half the workload or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would change something. Like, yeah, you know, they get what pay for. And $35 a week is just, you know, not  ideal.
Arran Humphreys: I'm like looking at these  and like, 's that. Yeah. But it was good. helped me build, it did help me build that social proof early on, which I helped, which did help me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Man, you got to do it. Like, you know, when you get into a business, you've just got to kind of  crawl through the mud a bit. But yeah, like at some point you're going to have to cut ties with them if they don't increase. And then, yeah, honestly, man, again, I don't want to give false hope or anything. Yeah, but if the ads pull through for us and you've got proof of concept that you're consistently getting good quality leads and you're consistently converting on those leads each week, like that is the main thing to say, cool, we've got the proof that we can bring a coach on to handle the fulfillment. Theoretically, if it clicks, that process can be really  fast.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Because like say I needed to find a coach, like would I, like how do you  even advertise for that?
Kyle Musca: So finding a coach, like it's scary because of your first hire, like proper hire in your business, but it's also in my experience, the easiest hire. Coaches are motivated. They usually do it for passion more than money. And there's a lot of coaches out there that have tried doing it themselves and they just haven't, you know, they're good coaches, but they're just not good marketers. So coaching, finding a good coach is not that difficult to do and it's a good gig for them. Um, but you can, there's a piece of different ways. The first way I like to go about it is like, you might know someone in your actual life that, um, would be a good candidate of it. Um, ideally not someone that's a super close friend or anything like that, but you know, maybe someone that you know from a GM or whatever the . Um, a second option is post something up in your story, um, with a little application form. Third option, um, and this third one usually pretty much always works, is, uh, we can just run an ad and target fitness coaches or people that are interested in coaching.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Yeah, right, yeah. Uh, yeah, I'm sure it wouldn't be too, too hard.
Kyle Musca: Nah, I spent like 200 bucks, um, on, I don't know if you know Jesse, but he was looking at finding a coach. Um, 200 bucks and like within a day he had like 30 applicants.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. That's crazy.
Kyle Musca: So, it's not very difficult to do. Yeah, because there is a lot of coaches out there that have tried, but they don't.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. there's, there's a couple, there's a couple, For old , because the town I live in, in Mackay, it's sort of like, it's not small, but it's not big. And so there's like, your old PTs that have just been in it, and they're like, being apparently  just trying to like,  talk me, because there isn't really anyone else in Mackay scaling coaching. And they're like, oh, he's young, he doesn't know anything. I'm like,  it, they can talk about everyone, they want to talk about me, .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man, you'll, people get stuck in dinosaur ways, man. It's like, I used to do real estate, and I left it for that reason. I'm like, it's a  dinosaur industry, man, I'm getting out of here. But yeah, at the end of the day, they're still working on the gym floor, .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I guarantee they wouldn't be scrapping 20 grand a month either. Yeah, sick. The only other thing, man, is like, getting into the ads, I'll just like, pre-warn you. You you've got to get comfortable with cash flow coming in and out of your business. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a daunting feeling just in itself. But at end of the day, like, when you're taking your business to that next level, cash flow is kind of like adding wood to the fire. You know what mean? A good business should have healthy cash flow coming in and out. And, yeah, it can be daunting seeing some, like, we won't go crazy, obviously, to start with. But, you know, when I was getting out of $8,000 a week in ads and paying two coaches over $2,000 a week, I was like, oh, .
Arran Humphreys: Like, that's one thing I was going to say. Like, when I do my ads and when you look at them, like, if they're dog , like, just tell me straight up.
Kyle Musca: Because I don't want to, like, push the ads if they're just .
Arran Humphreys: Like, I'll just keep retrying until we get ones that you're pretty happy with, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I'll give you that feedback anyway because I wouldn't put them up if I thought they were going to flop.
Arran Humphreys: And it would be perfect timing too, bro. Anyway, so... I fully finish on site 29th of this month, so that gives me two weeks, sort of get everything to go, and then I'm full-time, so then I actually, if we scale quicker, I have the time to do it all. It'll be good, man. It's been pretty wild now, juggling everything. It's cool, but it makes me feel good because I've sort of done it, done both.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I can imagine. It'll be a good origin story as well. I mean, you'll always relate to dudes doing fly-in, fly-out, or just in general in a trade, and that's a pretty big market to tap into. So, like, I know I love them, and my closer loves them when you get a fly-in, fly-out guy, because they've always got  money. So, yeah. Cool. then ideally, I would like to, I'm kind of thinking of how to put this together. But get to like a weekly sort of structure going where essentially it takes into consideration all your organic stuff, but also like ad stuff. So it's like every single week, you you sit down for two hours on Monday, film some organic content, and then two hours on Tuesday is dedicated to ads, just so it's like there's a constant stream. The way the new algorithm with ads works is it works with volume and different angles of creative. So I'll just quickly run through it. So basically when you create a campaign, it's like a big pool of people. So let's say we're targeting people that are interested in fitness, right? You've got, you know, people that are interested in getting  super shredded. You've got people that are interested in building muscle. You've got people that are interested in, you know, performing better for their sport. You've got the 60-year-old who just wants to be a little bit healthier so they don't, you know, kick the bucket sooner or so they can get up the flight of stairs. You've got  technically, you know, someone who's interested in joining a gym like Jets or Good Life, or you've got someone who's looking at it. You've Buying Gymshark or Adidas or whatever the , you know what mean? So it's all these different like little mini-pools inside this like one larger pool that is fitness. So it's basically, the algorithm is basing it off different creatives, right? So it will test in each one of these individual pools. So it's like, cool, we're doing, you know, obviously our focus is people that are trades people who are interested in, you know, getting into prioritizing their health and losing weight is our pool, right? So I was going to test it in, you know, people that are looking to  gain muscle, people that are office jobs looking for whatever the . And it tests those different angles to try and find the right type of person and then it will double down. It's like really important to have different angles so it can do those testing to figure out who it should be showing and what, like who and what it should be showing.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yep, that makes sense. But that's sort of, that's good, like that's how I work, bro, like when I am... Full time. I like planning all week. That's what's kind of  me up for a while is because like I hadn't been able to have that solid routine of the days I film and whatnot. So it'd be good. I'll set out what I want to do every week and just rinse, repeat it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Honestly, like I don't do it myself in terms of writing on paper just because I'm like really drilled into my routine. Like I just know, you know,  Monday morning, I'm filming organic content. Tuesday, I'm filming ads. Wednesday, I'm doing admin. Thursday, I'm filming  ads, whatever. You know what I mean? Like you just get into a good routine and it's just, you just pump it out.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. I normally just bang  on this , on that whiteboard for the week. And then I can just look at it as a reminder.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, ultimately, like when you're, you build out your team and we start scaling this like properly, properly, it's like, we want to get you out of working in the business. So you can just focus like 80% of your time on working on the business. Your main focus should be sales and marketing.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you just  skyrocket from there.
Arran Humphreys: Sick, man. Thank you, bro. Hey, appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: No worries, man. Yeah, keep powering through all that stuff. Yeah, try and get a market. We'll just set up the copy this week. Chat to Clemé. You've got plenty of time because we probably won't even run ads till. Yeah, probably a fortnight time from now by the time everything's filmed and everything like that. But just making sure that everything's prepped and ready so we can hit it hard.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Anything else you want to chat about quickly or?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, bro. Nah. We covered each today, so it's sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. All right, I'll let you get back to it. If you do have any questions or you run into any hiccups with the stuff getting set up, just let me know.
Arran Humphreys: Yep. Righto, man.
Kyle Musca: Also, cheers, man. See you, bravo.


>>> 64/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-16T06:04:27Z | id:114775375
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
josiah narkowicz: So, it's been good. Like, you know, I've been carried by some upfront payments, but over and all, you know, okay. But, yeah, not exactly where I want to be right now. So, yeah, I've got a lot of work to do in February, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: How's your holiday? You tracking along nicely?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I'm not on holiday. So, Thailand's really good to lock in. In Canada, I was a bit more of a holiday mode, but it turns out I don't like the cold or taking that much time off work.
josiah narkowicz: Nah, you're a man of routine and you feel like I'm the same. As soon as I'm out of routine, I'm .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it gets a bit too boring sitting around all that. Cool, man. So, yeah, well, I guess with the stuff in the personal life, like that's unfortunately, I guess part of life, like it always  throws curveballs at you. Um, is that sort of looking like it's going to settle down anytime soon or?
josiah narkowicz: Um, look, it depends. I've got two or three different court dates and then, yeah, without going into it, um, yeah, I guess within six months to a year.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right.
josiah narkowicz: Okay. Yeah, it's only just starting the, um, like the custody stuff. So, you know, we're just getting into it. Yeah. I think I've forked out probably 20, 30 grand by now, but yeah, so cash, that's why cashflow is probably a little bit tighter than it should, but yeah, I mean, it is what it is, bro. It adds to the plot, adds to the aura and simply just have to operate from, you know, just have to get it done regardless. So, and the business doesn't give a  about the feelings or, you know, what mental state you're in. You've just got to take the emotion out of it, remain objective, dial in the sleep, recovery protocols, and, you know, just look after yourself in the meantime. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. And I think, man, if it's going to drag on for, you know, six to 12 months, I think the biggest, one of the biggest things there would just be like really being able to focus and, I guess, kind of push it off to the side when you need to focus on what you You need to focus on, if that makes sense. Just the essence of deep work. I mean, you don't want distractions because then it just slows down the efficiency.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. As much of a distraction as it will be. The main thing is just like, oh, I haven't seen my daughter in like six months now.
Kyle Musca: So it's, you know, it takes its toll, but, you know, eventually I'll be able to see her and hang out with her.
josiah narkowicz: So, yeah, that's where things are at, bro.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, yeah, okay. Well, yeah, it's a factor. Okay. It's definitely a factor. Cool, man. We'll dive into things. So you've taken four calls this week. It says zero on the close.
josiah narkowicz: Did you close them? Yeah. So what happened was it was, they were like snap fitness face-to-face calls. And I'm progressing the face-to-face structure to, you know, different payment structure. Ciao. Ciao. Um, we'll talk about that today as well, but they are like, I've, I'm out of snap now. So, you know, I, I booked all the calls for snap and then the next week I'm, I'm not there anymore. So it's kind of like, you know, I mentioned to them if that'd be keen on, on online, but you know, none of them were keen. So they were kind of just a waste of leads, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Okay. And they weren't great leads anyway. So I'm just kind of keen to get set up in this new gym and then it'll be a fresh energy, fresh environment, way more professional and yeah, it'll just be a better system. So where, where are you now again? At the moment.
Kyle Musca: Like the new gym?
josiah narkowicz: Oh, anytime Corumbin.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah. That's pretty decent one though, isn't it?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a late. There's like 3000. Members, there's only four PTs and all of them are booked out. And yeah, so my plan is to do like a $3,000 package, which covers 16 weeks. And the first two weeks, they get two sessions a week. So they get two half an hour sessions and then they convert to online coaching after that. So it'll be $1,500 up front and then the $80 a week recurring for 16 weeks. And that way it's like, I'm only giving him two hours of my time initially on the gym floor. And then it's basically online coaching after that. So I feel like that's a good payment structure. It's worked before. So, you know, I don't see why it won't work in a new gym.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then I would just like kind of package it as like, obviously I'm in the gym all the time. So it's like, you've still got. Direct access to me when you're here and everything like that. And then the way I combat the in-person thing is like, yeah, like, I mean, yeah, essentially, I wouldn't word this for you, but, you know, why would you go with an in-person trainer? Realistically, they can, like, they hold their hand for, you know, one half an hour session a week and then pat it on the back and say, see you later. The reason I do online is because, you I can track every variable, do all your meal plans, all your sessions, everything, you can access me every second of the day, essentially. So, that's of how I would package that one.
josiah narkowicz: But, yeah. I was just saying, like, hey, I'm actually doing you a disservice if I don't, you know, do the online coaching. People typically see way better results, you know, and typically face-to-face trainers aren't dialed in on the nutrition kind of element. So, you know, you're not going to get as good results and you don't need someone yelling at you for an hour.
Kyle Musca: I just...
josiah narkowicz: Just counting your reps, you know?
Kyle Musca: Really, as well, it's not usually like super hypeful PTing.
josiah narkowicz: It's usually just people wanting to talk  for an hour. Exactly. So, if people that want to do two, three sessions a week, then I'm just going to charge them like 10 grand up front.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, go with it. If you need, so yeah, travel with it. If you want to sit down and properly map out that offer, we can, but it sounds like you've got it sorted, to be honest.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I've got the payment structures dialed in and I've got all the sales material updated and all of that sort of thing. So, I'll be able to sit down with all the new prospects and confidently, you know, confidently divulge like what it entails and close them, basically. So, it doesn't matter what the offer is, I'll close it as long as the leads are there and we're getting in.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. I mean, if all the other PTs are booked out. Yeah. The other thing I would probably do is, like, when you get there, see if there's, you know, the PT book you can go through. Do you get access to all the information of the 3,000 members?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, so I get access to the database, and I'll be able to do bulk blasts for emails and texts with promo offers. So I'm going to run, like, a floor-to-the-floor strategy. It's kind of like a magic hat strategy as well. So, hey, we've got a new PT in the gym. We've got an offer, blah, blah, blah. I've, you know, got other scripts that, you know, I can plug into that. And, you know, there should be, like, 200, 300 sign-ups just in January and February. So there'll be a lot of new clients, influx of new prospects to call, which will be good.
Kyle Musca: you know, what you could do there is, depending on the gym's policy, is... ... ... ... You know, for example, pick a, whether it's everyone you just go through, everyone that's previously worried about working with a coach, or new sign-ups, let's just use the new sign-ups for example, but yeah, just use the magic hat. You know, hey, Michael, how you going, man? Got some good news, you know, every month I do a random giveaway to someone who recently joined the gym, and man, it must be a lucky day because it landed on you. So, mate, you've got, you $500 you can actually put towards one of my coaching packages if, you know, that's something that you want to look at. Important with magic hat that you say that they won, not just like it's a random thing that you kind of do to favor on, it's just like you won.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Not like, oh, you were in the top 20, the top 30 people.
Kyle Musca: Out of 200 people, man, it landed on you, so it must be your lucky day. Hopefully, they don't have a wife or a partner.
josiah narkowicz: They joined us. I mean, if they have the same last name or if I know that they've come in as a couple or something, then look, I probably won't. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You both want it. I'll double it.
josiah narkowicz: You guys can have $1,000 off. Yeah. And then what I'm basically getting them into is the two-part consultation. So they get like a half an hour consultation and then like a 20, 30-minute gym session. Super simple, super easy. And I close them off the back end of that. So once I've provided that value and, you know, that usually works really well in club. Close like 70, 80%. So it's more the online ones that are a bit, I don't know, because in the gym, right, people are like, they're literally there to, they're signing up at the gym for a  reason, right? They're not just screwing Trolling Instagram, and then there's a longer kind of psychological process that happens there.
Kyle Musca: But these are like, hey, I  need to get fit. Like, let's go to the gym and get a PT. Yeah. What I would do there is like, you don't want to be spending, you know, half an hour with all the  unqualified people. So, yeah, I would use that original call where you say that they've won and then just do the pre-qualifier. So, awesome, man. Like, just so I know, you know, kind of like what package is going to suit you. Like, what options are going to suit you best and the direction you kind of want to head in on things. You mind if we run through a few quick questions? Yeah, perfect. And then it's just goal, struggle. With this triage call, you'd probably want to add in a little bit more just because you don't want to do goal, struggle, financial, qualify, right, call. Yeah. Like, goal, struggle, you know, like, and then just, I mean, if have thought triage call, let me  pull it up.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it's 10-minute triage call. Oh, you'll, hey, have you. You've got a partner. What are you doing for work? You know, if it's a spousal objection, you know, would they be supporting you on this journey? Blah, blah, blah. Just curious too, is your job, you know, quite physical at the moment? You know, what are you doing? Is it quite a stressful environment? Obviously, that's going to influence your training and this and that. Oh, yeah, you can get a bit of an idea of where they're at with things. Yeah. But, yeah, obviously, just filtrate the leads a little bit more so I'm not wasting all that time face-to-face with just dead leads, right?
Kyle Musca: And then maybe offer.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, as long as they're financially qualified, then I'd be like, okay, great. Well, look, you know, something I really value with working with my clients is just making sure that, you know, we get along and it's a both fit for both of us. So how about this, man? How about we line up a quick 30-minute session and that way we can just... You know, run through a session essentially. So you're giving them that extra piece of value and then you sit down on the back end of that half an hour so to make sure they know it's an hour long and then you close them straight into it.
josiah narkowicz: just go straight into a normal close. Yeah. Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Because that'd be a pretty strong offer. You know, you've done the magic hat. You've given them a free session of value. By that point, they should be pretty bought in.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. $1,200 up front or $1,500 up front, $80 a week. And they get to learn all their exercises and they get the online support and the weekly check-ins.
Kyle Musca: So what would be a really good idea here is like one with the magic hat, you can just inflate your prices. So it's like if it's, you know, if you want to do it for $3,000, just be like, usually it's $3,500 for the entire four months. But because you've won that magic hat, not magic hat, because you've won that  random giveaway, that would bring it down to just $3,000. Okay. And then what I would also do on top of that. Okay. Is try and throw in something as an additional bonus on top of that, you know, and then as an additional bonus, I'm also going to throw in a full customized nutrition plan for the entire 16 weeks.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, so value stack a bonus and also remove resistance there with, you know, price inflation and bringing it down so the perceived value is increased as well on the other end.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's like it's already part of the service. Be like, I'm just going to throw in, you know, full customized nutrition to cover all of that side of things as well, just because I want to see you succeed.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, because I'll be going into it thinking, oh, yeah, it's just, oh, yeah, you pay for a session and you  off. You don't talk to them. It's like, no, we're doing nutrition. We're doing the weekly check-ins. You know, you're doing your lifestyle-related stuff as well.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Cool. Yeah, I've got, I reckon it'll be a pretty strong offer, bro.
Kyle Musca: Do you still have access to all the hamper people?
josiah narkowicz: From Snap Fitness? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would also do the same to them. I would do the magic hat to them, for sure.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because realistically, that's like 500 leads you have to call that. You should get plenty of work out of that.
josiah narkowicz: Oh, 100%. I can download the CVC of the whole database if I wanted, you know?
Kyle Musca: From Snap?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I would definitely, if you can do that, I would definitely get that before you're out the door.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, 100%. There's been like, I don't know, there's probably about, oh, Snap's been quite dead, bro. Honestly, it's .
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Like, Thank There's probably only been 20 sign-ups a week past two, three months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Snapsy is pretty quiet. But still, how many members are on that CSV?
josiah narkowicz: Well, there's over 1,000 active members, but there's 10,000 people on their email list. But I can download, like, all the recent sales from, like, the past six months, you know?
Kyle Musca: So you can't download the 10,000?
josiah narkowicz: I can, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would do that just because, like, even if you just grab that 10,000, just for future, if you, you know, ever get into the email marketing side of things, like, a 10,000 emailing list is pretty , like, that's pretty big. It's not easy to build to.
josiah narkowicz: No.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so if you can walk away with that. And plus, these are all people that have joined the gym, you know, that have shown interest in getting fit. And, you know, fitness isn't a, like, one-time thing, you know what mean? People  join a gym one year and then they don't touch it for two years, but then they're looking for it again in three years, you know what mean? So it's like, yeah. Cool. Haven't posted, have you?
josiah narkowicz: I've been  with posting this week. Yeah. Normally, Tuesdays and Wednesdays are, like, my ideation creation. So I'll spend three, four hours a day on each of those days. You know, I worked out within three, four hours, I can script and, like, get set up completely with the captions and everything, about 10 or 15 posts. And then, by the next day, film and edit all of them, you know?
Kyle Musca: But. A couple of things there. Yeah. Do you script your reaction stuff?
josiah narkowicz: No. I get a rough idea of what's going on. I just say, hey, can you please... I've got a bit of a framework that I've based off other viral reaction-style videos, like the hook, the sub-hook, the payoff, the , you know, whatever it is, a bit of humor in there, just so I've got something to go off. And then you can pump them out a little bit easier than just trying to figure it, like, think of stuff on the spot. I feel like I'm not very good at figuring out just random stuff on the spot. I do rely on the scripts.
Kyle Musca: So what I'd say there is, like, everyone's going to have different ways to go about it. So, like, what if you, you know, feel confident in your best ability to do it? But one is, because I used to do kind of the similar thing where I would sit down on Monday and I'd spend two to three hours scripting, and then I would spend two to three hours filming on Tuesday, script again on  Wednesday. It's like, but that just took so much  time. It's not really working for me. Yeah, the other thing is if you're using ChatGPT, like, it's just not very creative at all, you know what mean? So what I would try to do there is one, so again, like, as we've mentioned, like, finding creators that do that type of content and just really closely analysing there as we've been over that. Another thing I really like doing is if I do want sort of, like, a little bit more structure to follow, is instead of getting ChatGPT to write the entire script for me, I'll say, like, this is what the video is about or whatever the . Or even if you can download transcript, however you sort of go about it, or just tell it the topic and tell it to give you dot points on each talking point. Just so you can kind of, like, you know, power through it a little bit easier with a bit of structure. Otherwise, yeah, the other way I like to do it is, like, if you're struggling to come from an angle, it's always a good idea to check. The comments. comments.
josiah narkowicz: It's a viral video and just like sort of see if you can pick apart what people are saying because again you want to be like relatable you know I mean if you've got a comment there that's got a thousand likes it's like well people relating to that they find out somewhat funny or whatever the  so that's an angle that you could come from and then the other thing I find is really really important for me anyway with content is just getting really highly caffeinated before you do it you know I mean like you you don't want to be in a  low energy  state get a highly caffeinated and then I kind of just like act as if I'm like maybe a little bit even tipsy and then talking to a good mate or some  you know I mean yeah yeah they'll feel the energy across the screen and that's half of it the delivery but yeah I've been you know I'll download the transcript I'll plug it in and be like hey you can use this framework to give me a solid reaction style video based off this script and usually it's pretty bang on like the one that got it's almost up to a it's Half a million views now, like 500k. It's been a slow burn. Like, I'm still getting likes from that now. So that one was just using that chat GVT.
Kyle Musca: So it's been doing that. And then, like, you've got the personality to do the reaction style things. And I think it's just, it would just be a matter of consistency. And that's the biggest, I guess, Achilles heel for you, I'd say, is, like, for us to step into the world of ads and everything like that, the organic needs to be really dialed. No, man. Yeah. And I've done this, like, with two other clients now where they just didn't have very good, like, not even very good, but, like, they just weren't very consistent. They didn't have much of organic content going on. Ran the ads. The ads didn't do well. And then I was, like, all right, we need to focus on getting you, you know, more organic content that people can consume. Instantly, the ads started performing. Way  better. I literally had a chat to one of my other clients last week. She has, like, a few coaches, so she just gives them to create the content. But I was like, look, when they're getting on the call with you, they don't know who you are. So, like, started posting content. She's like, yeah, ever since the 11th of December, I've just been making, like, heaps of sales. And I scrolled back down to it. The very first video of her actually reposting again on it was the 10th of December.
josiah narkowicz: So it's like, yeah, like, it needs to be dialed in before it's worth stepping into it. Yeah, because all the leads that are coming in from the ads, they need to be nurtured somehow, you know? And they get drip-fed all your content. They just get  dumped your content for the first, like, three to five days of them following you. And they're seeing your stories. They're seeing some transformation posts. They're seeing, you know, you're posting regularly. So when you do hit them with that DM or they do DM. Download that resource or whatever the  it is, you know, they're going to be much more likely to respond rather than just, you know, it's a random, they've just seen you once on an ad and then it's like, , I'll message them. So, and plus retargeting ads, I'm sure we'll do all that as well. But yeah, I'm keen to get into that, but I hear you, bro. Like, it's just consistency. And when I look back over the last month, I didn't post for two or three weeks over Christmas. I did maybe once or twice. And then the first week, every day. And my views actually went above 350K for the month. So that was a new record. But yeah, this week, well, since Friday last week, I haven't really posted at all. So, yeah, it's just that consistency, getting on top of it. But what's the actual precursor to that is finding out a system that's going to... So yeah, I think you're right. Maybe it's, I need to switch it up and do it on a weekend instead because through the week, I'm just , I'm absolutely spanked with my schedule. So yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I think, yeah, again, it really does come down to what's going to work best for you and your schedule, but I would really, really get into the habit of just like setting aside, I'd probably give yourself a good window of three hours, ideally twice a week, but at least once a week where it's just like that. That is the top priority. It doesn't matter if you sit there and, you know, watch the paint dry on the wall, you're not allowed to do anything else besides just film content and get it done.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: I think there was a few other questions I had, but I can't quite remember.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, just let me know. She's been dialed in with client fulfillment and life admin task errands. I haven't really had time time on the brain. If anything else, yeah, that sounds like that's going to be, again, a lengthier process. So it would just be about, you know, I guess, trying to panel the focus.
josiah narkowicz: It's taking out probably two days a week, I'd say, all of that.
Kyle Musca: Is that going to be every week?
josiah narkowicz: I'm not sure, but pretty much, bro. So, like, because then you're having to wait on the phone and then you're, like, 30 in the, 40 in the queue and you have to wait on your phone. Yeah. It needs people to pick up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the biggest bottleneck for you then is more than likely just going to be time management and, again, structure. You know what mean? Like, and this is where deep work is going to come into the play of just not having any distractions when you need to get tasks done. So it's like, if you need to do check-ins, it's like no distractions, two, three hours, get this task done. I need to do content, no distractions, two to three hours to get this done.
josiah narkowicz: I'll just do it on the weekend, bro.
Kyle Musca: I'll open up a Saturday. Yeah. And in periods like this, man, it's like really important for you to sit down and just be like, all right, I can't do, you know,  everything. It's very easy for myself to be spread very thin right now. What are those key tasks that are going to move my business forward? What are the things that I do really need to focus on?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Content, nurturing leads, getting more applications, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. At the end of the day, it's like, obviously, the fulfillment side of things is, you know, that's a given. It needs to be prioritized, obviously. But at the end of the day, like the, none of the rest of the real funnel works if we don't have that front-end marketing done, if that makes sense. Like, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: I did see a big drop-off, bro. I've lost. I've I probably lost 10 clients. I didn't lose anyone from like September to November. I didn't lose a single client. And then bang, in December and early Jan, 10 people  off. So I went from like 5K back down to three and a half.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, that period is  horrendous. A lot of people get lazy and just drop off and it becomes too expensive. What I would probably do is like maybe at the end of the month, I would just give them all a call back. Hey, how going?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If they've  stopped and they've regressed and everything like that, then it's like there's a need for you again.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. I'll do, I always have a follow-up with them every, you know, every three months or so. Hey, just checking in. I actually checked, I actually did that. I checked in with like a lot of old clients that I probably would work with again. And three of them are keen to get started again.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. You recently did that?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, last week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was about to say, that's another really good avenue, is going through all expired clients and re-engaging a combo.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I just said, oh, hey, how's things tracking along? I've got in my notes to check in with you. Have you got many sessions in for the year or are you still, have you still got some leftover pavlova to finish or some  like that? So, yeah, I was trying to crack a joke with them, but yeah, they got a few laughs from people and two people were like, yeah, I've eaten way too much. I'm keen to get back into some sessions. And so one guy's doing three sessions a week, which is like, what, 300 a week recurring. So just from a few texts, that was good. But yeah, I think the main thing for the online sort of stuff, the face-to-face will be dialed regardless. It's just the online that I need to remain consistent with. But yeah. So, Yeah, I think coming back to Saturday and Sunday, I'm going to block out that and then through the week, I'm just going to have to make do with what I can.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing is I know you asked about the referral side of things. The biggest thing is with the referral, man, is just continuously asking. Like I would make it a note of every two weeks, you know, you keep top of mind with your clients. You know, who do you know that's keen to join? You know, have you got any mates that are, you know, mentioned to it, et cetera, et cetera. All they need to do is just go have that conversation, confirm that that person would be open to hearing. Again, using very non-commitment words. You know, it's not about joining.
josiah narkowicz: It's not about, you know, et cetera, et cetera, et It's about potentially having a chat. Yeah. And you said find a feeder, like that one person that can feed you like two, three, four clients a month. Um, when they met, like when a. Client mentions a win or gets a compliment or someone noticed their progress or they just have a moment, that's like a good time to, like, open a window for you to come in and be like, hey, like, in a non-pressure way, right? Yeah. Directly, like, do you know anyone that would be keen to sign up?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And again, it always asks, like, an open-ended question, not like, never, would never say, do you? Because do you is a yes, no. Like, and they'll just automatically revert back to no because they don't have anyone off the top of their mind that they don't. So it's like, like, who you know, who do you know or, you know, et cetera, et cetera. Because it's like, who do you?
josiah narkowicz: I have to think about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. They actually have to put thought into it. And again, you want to make it, you don't want to rely on that person reaching out to you or anything like that. But you do need to, like, they need to go have a chat and get permission for you to reach out because that's... That will trigger the law of association. Then if their mate goes and says like, oh, you know, if you're interested, I could, you know, get desire to reach out and they say yes, it's like they've given you permission and because they're associated with a friend, which is highest levels of trust you can ever have, there'll be an easy sale from that point. And then it's a matter of the client giving your number, giving you their number and you reaching out and be, hey, you know, Michael was saying you're potentially keen to have a chat. Yeah, he's still keen on that. Let's line up time.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, just checking with the client that referred like, oh, hey, did you manage to have a chat to Greg? Oh, yeah. He said, you know, he's definitely open to having a chat, blah, blah, blah. Oh, great. I'll give him a call tomorrow. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that's the other thing is, yeah, checking up on the person who said they'll refer because it's like you might speak to, again, Michael. And he's like, yeah, my mate, Greg, might be keen. But then it's like, if you don't follow up with Michael. Greg will forget about that. So it's like the next day or so, like, hey man, did you get a chance to have a chat with Greg? Oh no, like I'm seeing him tomorrow. Cool. And then like the day after that, how did you chat with Greg go? You know what mean? It's just like constantly  being on top of them in a non-pushy way, but just kind of reminding them to, hey, have that  conversation.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. I'll have a little note of that, like who to follow up with, just referrals, like, you know, who's referring who. So, yeah, I just need to map it out. I just need to map that process out, have it in the calendar. I'll probably have it in my check-in form too, just so that's another touch point, similar to what you had before, right? Like you sent me that a month or two ago.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. And yeah, it's just a level of, it's top of mind and personalization. You know what mean? Have that chat with them and show the appreciation. You know what I mean? Like it helps the team grow. helps me grow. I really appreciate it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. What other questions did I have? I can't quite remember.
Kyle Musca: Next one is let's map a content plan in terms of cadence, what style, what to double down on at the moment in order to get more inquiries coming in. So the biggest thing is like when we look at your Instagram account, again, you've got that personality.
josiah narkowicz: So is it time to niche down yet? Is it time to like change my bio and is it time to like really dial in what the messaging?
Kyle Musca: So niching down. So it depends on what you mean by niching down. When you have a look at your client base, is there one sort of client avatar that really stands out in terms of like, you know, when you think of a client avatar, you should be able to form one. Like imaginary person. So for me, for example, my client avatar is if someone between the ages of 25 to 35, a male, typically works a more masculine job, whether they're a tradie, maybe they're in the military police force. You know, I've got one, like my client that's been around for  ages, highest lifetime value. He does private equity acquisitions and everything like that. You know what mean? So it's like, it's dudes that are more typical  dudes, essentially, right? Between that age bracket. That's pretty much the essence of where I want to niche down to. I can go into smaller subjects, subsections of tradies and  dads and all that stuff. But I find like, there's definitely moments in campaigns you can do it. But for my content, I don't want to niche down. For an ad, don't want to niche down that much. Not for content.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, look, it's very, it's quite fair. At the moment, it's pretty much  everyone, bro. Like, I've got probably 50, 50. 50 females and males. But, yeah, honestly, the people who I enjoy working with the most and who I, you know, is probably, yeah, but chicks between the ages of 25 and 35 or 25 and 40. So that's typically who get great results, who are easy as to communicate with. They're the highest percentage of people that I've coached over the past probably six months, and it seems a lot easier, right? And obviously, they're a bit more of a lucrative niche compared to men, and easier to market to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so women spend more money on that . Guys are very much like, I'll do it myself. So if women click with you, I definitely wouldn't shy away from it. But I think you'll resonate, obviously, with both. But even just, like, looking at Your content, it does seem to be that the female reaction stuff always seems to do better. Yeah. 130, obviously. So what I would do for you as well, man, is just to, if you go, do you got your phone on you?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if you go into your Instagram and then go to the Reels section.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then see in the top right, you've got those two bars there.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, your algorithm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would do there, man, is go add in, like, don't do it right now, but we can. But, like, type in all the  that you want to see that's going to bring up the content that you want to react to. You know, women's health and fitness, women's weight loss, booty building, all that type of . You know, it doesn't have to be women-specific, but, yeah, you want as much content for you to possibly be able to react to it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, like, women's weight loss recipes, girls' viral fitness videos. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Those of women training, like, booty building, you know what mean, like, if we take a look at it, and again, I've got a sick booty program, I can, like, just do reactions to, like, what's that other  that does reactions to booties by jacks or some ? Yeah, this guy. His  real feed would be horrendous, man. His would be.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, 100% dude.
Kyle Musca: But, like, you can see that, I guess this is a form, like, this is niching down, you know what mean? Like, don't, people make the mistake of content of, like, trying to, again, spread themselves too thin and try and , you know, service everyone or try and talk from everyone's different points. It's like, when you look at, like, the biggest creators, they typically have one very sort of topical point that they just rinse and repeat. You think, oh, people will get bored of this, but, like, they don't because they're seeing, they're consuming so much other pieces of content in the meantime that you just become known for that guy. So, know, to It's like when your video does pop up out of the hundreds of others that pop up, they have the time to watch it because they know who you are and what you're about.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I've seen just a few people that the reaction videos work well for them. Some people, like I know Sage has been trying the reaction recipes and then building the recipe in live time while reacting to it. And then those ones just  go viral as well. So, you know, I might play around with some of those, but I feel like the reaction ones would, you know, everyone who's liking that post is going to be, you know, a female who's interested in fitness. So they're a  lead, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And again, Booties by Jax here only reacts to like booty . Same, this is one of my other questions. Clients, Torrin, and yeah, he does that style, does well for Sage. He's built his entire account off this. When we started, was at 30K followers, and was like three or four months ago. And it's like, he doesn't do any other style of content besides this one style of content. And it just pops off every single time.
josiah narkowicz: And how long, it just took that one or two videos to get to a million, right? And then all of a sudden, you're getting 20, 30K views on each video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can see it. So he was doing these videos, doing these, you know, all right. I guess that one popped off. Nothing, you know, too crazy, nothing too crazy. Popped off, popped off, popped off, popped off, and then just  continued to rip from there. From that 2.8, yeah, 50s, 100s, 100Ks, then we're starting to tap into millions. Tapping to hundreds of thousands of millions pretty consecutively now.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, like every 5, 10 videos.
Kyle Musca: Well, you know, now we're into this section. Every video is over 200K and there's more million view videos than there is 100,000 views.
josiah narkowicz: So that's directly translating and can be correlated to higher application rates, right?
Kyle Musca: Oh, absolutely. Like the more views you get on your account, I mean, not in all cases, like if you're just shaking your  and it's not like you don't have any value to give, then no. But the more views you can get on and become known for just being in that space, yes, it will absolutely translate to more clients.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, especially because he's probably dialed in with the stories.
Kyle Musca: Well, mean, for someone like him, he doesn't need to be just because if you're getting that amount of  views, it's like, you you only need a very, very, very small percentage of those people to convert. But for someone like, on the flip side of that, another client I've got, Aaron, for example, he's... He's kind of in a similar situation to you, like where we just really need to focus on the consistency of the content and everything like that and really understanding his niche. He's now starting to get videos that are consistently popping off. Like if you look at this one got 145K, you know, 11K, nothing crazy. There was another one, 136K. Like he's starting to figure out his groove and become known for that kind of person. There was another one that popped off here somewhere.
josiah narkowicz: So he's doing a mixture of talking ones combined with reaction ones combined with like...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like for you, like it would even be worth going and giving Aaron a follow because again, his content is definitely starting to pick up and he's starting to get more traction and become known for that. But he just is a  dog on the stories and pumping social proof and being really, really consistent there. To the point where like, I watch obviously all your guys' stories to the point where Aaron's got, like he put... He pumps so much social proof that he's even got me wanting to sign up. You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: As you can see, he's always, always got some kind of social proof on his story, or he's always got a CTA. So as you can see here, great that he's got his clients sharing his posts. But it obviously helps when you've got good translation, looks like a rig, finished off the week, doing something big. First month of the year, goals further, got something to help. Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: For the next four people, I've got something to help you out.
Kyle Musca: Click this sticker, the girls and guys.
josiah narkowicz: Free seven days coaching. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And he's consistently getting clients coming through organically, and because he's got that consistency, now we're looking at implementing the ad side of things for him.
josiah narkowicz: Thank Yeah, yeah. I've only done 46 posts. He's done 207. So go figure.
Kyle Musca: And it's, you know, to do the ads, it's not that you need massive amount of views on your account. It just needs to be account that actually, sorry, content that actually is relatable to the people that are going to come through on the ads.
josiah narkowicz: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Because, like, and if anything, again, you know, more eyeballs and stuff you can get on your account. It's definitely an advantage, but it's also an advantage for people that come to someone like Aaron's page, for example, because all he has to say is, like, I'm not a massive  influencer. You're going to be working directly with me. I'm not just going to pass you on to some, you know, sub-par coach who you've never met in your entire life. But, you know, people want that personalization. want to work with someone directly.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, like, he... His niche, for example, is men, and he's done like fly-and-fly at work and everything like that, so tradies. But, yeah. Does that make sense?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. I'm making this. So the main issue right now for you is, I would say, obviously, you've got a lot of stuff happening in the personal life. So, as I mentioned, just time management and really focus. And, again, identifying the key tasks that you need to do and getting them done.
josiah narkowicz: It's as simple as that. It is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Haven't had Ian Badlings through the form in one month. Didn't really post for three weeks every Christmas being inconsistent. Yeah. So, yeah, absolutely. That's the issue. And you can see it. Because I remember speaking about this before we went into that Christmas break, where your content started to pull back a fair bit during the... And then you were still getting applications. And I don't know if you remember me saying, but it's like that's coming from the back end because you were consistent for that block, if that makes sense. So it carries over and, you know, like you were getting good inbound lead inquiry when we were consistent with content.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, probably got probably 15 or so just in November and December. And that was, I was from scratch really. I hadn't posted in like a few months before, before we're working with you. So, you know, if I can get that, even that volume a month would be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And, and, and like, if we could have taken that block where you were really consistent, you were getting those leads and, you know, basically had it done now to the point where we've got proof of concept that the consistency is there. We would be in a position to be like, all right, let's look at running some ads for it.
josiah narkowicz: Okay.
Kyle Musca: It's like that. That's the biggest, like, bottleneck for you right now is just that consistency.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. And there's not really any secret sauce to it, is there?
Kyle Musca: No. It's like a fitness program and it's like nothing, you know, it's not rocket science, it's just about the actual execution and doing it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay. So just stick with the reaction videos but gear it more towards, like, female reactions?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd say, like, that seems to be where your views spike the most.
josiah narkowicz: There's a few talking head ones that have done well. There's a few views. The talking ones do well, the, like, just the text on screen ones do pretty good.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. To be honest, like, your content all does, you know, pretty decent. Pretty decent. Right, right.
josiah narkowicz: I'll show my screen so we can not show. You're right. Like, this one.
Kyle Musca: Like, for the amount of times you post and.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I'll post it  off.
Kyle Musca: Like, there's definitely people, like, that have a much larger followingness that don't get the views that you get. I mean, also good to just, like, I'm not a fan of. I am a fan of, obviously, keeping the same style of content. I wouldn't, I would really closely analyze, and especially with this education style content, like these type of things, I wouldn't rinse and repeat these too much, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah. But again, you can break it down and you can clearly have a look. So it's like, when we're having a look at your content, man, these education ones that we did, they didn't respond very well with your audience. This one did all right, I guess, but nothing, you know, to really say that they were worth it.
josiah narkowicz: The food ones were okay, but the whiteboard ones didn't do too great.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. To be fair as well, this is kind of when we were just starting back into getting content. These were the first videos that we posted. This one went off. We tried these ones. So you could argue that the reaction ones, you know, were probably the same on par with that. And then you can see re-coming back to those reaction ones specifically around females. They seem to be picking up a lot more. Yeah. ones. Yeah. And then there's also different engagement metrics you should look at as well. So it's like, for example, you know, this only got 2,000 views, but they got 40 likes and 58 there. 23, So 40 likes.
josiah narkowicz: And then you compare this to this one, this only got 25 likes.
Kyle Musca: Oh. So it's like those, you So to take into consideration, whereas 42 likes. So even, and this is a big part of like just looking at the account and actually auditing a bit to see what does the algorithm fail, sorry, favor. Because sometimes, you know, you can get the same engagement rates, but the algorithm just does not  with pushing that post further for whatever reason, right? So it's just like, you got to kind of play by the system's rules. What is it actually, you know, preferring my comp to be pushed out there with? From having a look at this, it definitely seems like the reaction style videos around women is the way it goes. Or even like this one, which was around a little bit more nutrition with that guy.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I can't see the amount of saves, but this potentially would have gotten a lot of saves. It would have either potentially got a lot of saves, and I'm looking at why it did well in terms of views, potentially a lot of saves, or the other likely reason is people could have opened up the caption and read through this, could be a combination of both, which meant they spent more time on the post itself, hence the algorithm saw that and was like, okay, let's push it a little bit harder.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, like those ones do really well with the saves.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so saves and shares are worth more to Instagram than likes and comments.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, well, on all of these viral posts, like the reaction ones, I think having the ManyChat feature with the 1500 calorie meal plan attached to it, I feel like that's going to be a... And a winner as well, like, first thing they read is like, hey, comment 1500 and get sent on me or plan. And then that goes into the funnel as well.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. So, yeah. And it's good to have those because like, for example, if you, let's say you put a lead magnet on this one, this would be  brought in a crazy amount of leads. Again, someone who does this well is Torrin. Again, he gets  insane amount of views. So, you it's to be expected. But he just puts, we spoke about that and we don't need to run ads because he gets so many views. But we're like, all right, just put a simple lead magnet on it. And say if you want the higher protein, lower calorie versions, DM me, whatever the . And you can see, man, like 3,400, 2,500,  11,500. I mean, it's like if it goes viral, this has almost twice as many comments as it does likes. If it goes viral, you want that there ready to collect.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah. And then what? He's just, they're all going onto a list or he's, he's, um...
Kyle Musca: He's just going to straight through the many chat and then he's got setters in there.
josiah narkowicz: They're just working through it. Okay.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is like, you potentially might not want to start it with the, you know, comment 1500. I understand why, because it's the first thing that they see. But especially if you're directing him to open up the caption, what I would probably look at doing, maybe if it's something like this, you could even put it in the middle. But what I would probably recommend doing there, that's kind of what I do on like my videos. So if we're going to have a look at, you know, something like this, I'll say the top part of the caption, but then I'll really like draw attention and highlight the actual CTA part of it.
josiah narkowicz: Just... This is well, mate. I do have another call at 4.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: But I'll just, I'll say I'll be 5, 10 minutes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, so sorry. So we'll quickly wrap it up. But yeah, so I draw attention to CTA by doing like emojis like this. So just when they open the caption, it draws their attention. If you don't do that, like it just looks like a bunch of  word jumbling.
josiah narkowicz: You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah, having the, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So we've spoken about that, just execution in terms of being on top of the organic content. So Sage, Sage actually joined Brian's thing, Brian Mark. Sage was killing it because, with me, because he was just, basically what we've spoken about, like his organic content didn't do very well by any means. But because he was so consistent with it, means that when we ran the ads, the people came onto his account, you know, could really take everything that he had there in, and that allowed him to convert. We'll see how he goes with Brian. I personally, between him and think that was a bit of a mistake, but we'll see how he goes anyway.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay. Just switching it up a bit?
Kyle Musca: I think he's kind of probably, again, between you and me, probably chasing Carrot a little bit. Brian's good at, I've done Brian's course.
josiah narkowicz: I've spent 50 grand on doing his course.
Kyle Musca: I certainly don't think you get that in return. He cares about his clients and everything, don't get me wrong, but he's very big on organic, and Sage is, you know, basically already doing everything that Brian's going to tell him to implement anyway. So, yeah, we'll see how he goes. But he was making, again, nothing about his organic really changed when we started. He started off at 8K a week, sorry, 8K a month. But just because he had that. And he had the foundation of his business. We could jump into the ads and that is what pushed him to 60, 70K was his last month.
josiah narkowicz: And then he said he was going to do even higher than that last month. Well, he did like 120K this month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that was because we ran the challenge and everything for him. Yeah. Again, which is why I was like, I was a little bit salty between you and me because I was like, mate, we've just done consecutively the best ones you've ever done by a long shot. And then jumping there. Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: So. Yeah. Okay. Why not run both? I mean.
Kyle Musca: So you asked me too, but I was like, I'm not going to have Brian running around saying how much money you're making when it's coming from me.
josiah narkowicz: Well, it's like the biggest thing that he did because I came to you with already 10K, 15K a month. And like, what was the catalyst? It was just purely ads, was it? It was just do more. More of the same thing. There wasn't any extra bells and whistles.
Kyle Musca: It was more just... Oh, I refined his offer and everything like that. You've got that sorted. But it was, yeah, he was just really consistent with the organic side of things, which allowed us to step straight into the ads and go from there.
josiah narkowicz: And then, yeah, and then obviously having setters, once you do have the required volume of organic leads coming in, you've got setters in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but that's the whole ad side of things. Like, that's the whole package of ads that I go. Because I implemented the setters. I've had them trained on my scripts, everything from that. was my entire funnel. He was just already doing what he needed to do on that side of things, that it just allows you to do this side of things.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay. So I don't need to be doing any outreach at all, mainly just for inbounds that come through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like I wouldn't do... I'm not a fan of cold outreach. Yeah. He's not a fan of it. Yeah. Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. No, no.
Kyle Musca: It's just a cheap and  way to get leads and it ruins, it comes across, it's a chasing tactic, I don't like chasing, I don't like attracting.
josiah narkowicz: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Absolutely. So, yeah. But that's pretty much it, like, a lot of the questions in here are coming back to the same thing, I only got to get a call, I'm trying to wrap it up.
josiah narkowicz: I'm honestly, like, he's just cancelled, so.
Kyle Musca: That's not an idea. But a lot of it is, you know, just consistency with the organic content, really understanding the foundations and getting it there, getting that sorted. That's not going to be our, like, we want to make sure that leads coming through, because that's a good indicator that it is working. But that's not necessarily the thing that's really going to  skyrocket us. The thing that's going to skyrocket us is making sure that that is set up properly, so we can step into the world of paid advertising to make sure that the return is there.
josiah narkowicz: Let's go. Amen. Let's go. Thank Yeah, absolutely. I totally get it, bro. I totally get it. Just a bit of consistency from my end.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And the other thing too as well, like that's in terms of the marketing side of things. The other thing is like you've got realistically like 500, you know, good leads that you can reach out to. Like there's a lot of potential there for you as well.
josiah narkowicz: I'll definitely be following up with people, ex-clients and everyone in the database from the past six months and just, you know, really wringing the towel out as much as I can there. Every time I run the new strategy, like the floor-to-the-floor strategy or the magic hat strategy, you know, I'll definitely be running a competition or some sort of offer in the first, in the first, like when I first get to any time fitness.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. And again, if you magic hat that, you magic hat, you know, everyone from the hamper and all that stuff, you should get a decent amount of clients out of that.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sweet, bro. Well, thanks for today, mate.
Kyle Musca: No worries, man. Good luck with everything outside of business as well. It's not too much of headache for you. But if you do have any questions or anything, as usual, man, just, yeah, sing out.
josiah narkowicz: Sweet, bro. It's all a bit of fun and games, mate. A little bit of fun and games. All right, brother. Thank you. All right. Enjoy your weekend. I'll chat to you soon. Later, bro. Bye. Bye.


>>> 65/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-21T04:42:17Z | id:115833654
People: Kyle Musca

jese Smith-shields: This meeting is being recorded. A direct buy straight from that learning hub to see how it does go from that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so with the funnel, you need to always ask at peak interest. So as soon as they basically opt in, yeah, we'll be like book a calling. Yeah. I think, yeah. And it'll be a bit of a tripwire thing. So it would be a good idea to have a, like, ideally how you want to set it up is you want to establish your main closer who has, you know, proven track record you can rely on. And then you give them the high quality intent calls. And then you have, you know, more of a junior person or someone you're trialing, whatever. And you give them the lower quality calls, the tripwire calls, and they just do more volume.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah. That's a good idea, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so did you end up putting anything... Hang up on Seek or anything like that, or the rep float?
jese Smith-shields: No, I had a look into it and everything like that, and then I had the conversation with Ashley, and then she closed those calls, but I think if Ashley goes out the door, I will just sit and do the calls that aren't available, I can't be bothered bringing in another sales team just to try them out, if I'm honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a tedious hire, so once you find one that's good, it's just like, yeah, treat them well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, but Marcus is doing pretty well, obviously, just his availability is a little bit short within Breeze and stuff, so I think I'll just jump in and do the calls again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll see how, I'll have a chat with Bree and everything like that, because she's kind of like, her coach is almost kind of full, so I don't know, we'll see how that pans out with where Marcus goes, but if she, she might just take the reins again of the sales and just sort of, like, do less volume, but just keep it really high capacity. Yeah. But we'll see.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'm not sure. Either way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Otherwise, I was kind of like potentially even thinking about doing a thing on Seek just to see the response out of it. So we'll see. Yeah, perfect. Yeah. Yeah, cool. So the other thing is you've already got all the content built out for that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I'm still waiting on JT to edit it.
Kyle Musca: it's actually like proper professional.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Did he film it with you as well?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So it's like an actual, they're only like two minute long videos, hey?
jese Smith-shields: Two, about three minutes is the longest one. So about two and a half.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Nice. Short. Okay. Okay. Okay. So... Before I keep going down that rabbit hole, one thing I was sort of playing around with, and I actually got to talk really, really well, is if you did want to do this, if you're going to do something like that, it might be a good idea to do like just a masterclass, because again, which is essentially what you've done, but like condensing it all into one, just one video. Just because if you can like, if you can get them to watch Fathom, like they'll be really bought in to you and ShieldsFit and everything like that, right? And it basically pre-frames them and primes them for when you ask for the call. So what I might even do, and so I created this presentation thing in ChatGPT. What I'll do is, I wonder if I can just click it straight from here. You only really need these two documents.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Uh, And then you will have to spend some time going back and forth with it. But basically, these documents are obviously what they say. Presentation frameworks, so how to actually build out the entire presentation in order to convert them into a call. And then presentation mega guide on how to actually deliver it and everything like that. And then what I'll do, so have you played around with projects in ChatGPT?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, I've got a few built out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So what I'd really recommend doing is, like, even with, I can give you the master prompt and everything like that, but even with it, you have to probably spend, like, half an hour, an hour, I'm not going to lie, just going back and forth to get it really, really right. So as you can see, like, I've gone back and forth with this  massive widget to get it right. But essentially, and then also really good for this, I'm trying to find where I did it, is show photos of how you want them to actually look. That's probably the best way for ChatGPT to actually understand, is just visual recording. So I just added, like, this is kind of how I want it to look, or, so it's a little bit, like, more wordy, just because I find ChatGPT, even when I'm running, like, graphics for you and stuff like that, or scripts or whatever, it gets real short, like, it likes to  do everything real short, and it's just like, there's not enough information for me to go off, and it's not impactful, you know what mean, whereas you kind of want it to write it, you know, exactly how you kind of read it, so then you can, like, you know, basically I like to have it as, like, kind of like this, where it's more so a sentence or something that actually has a bit of, you know, juice in it, yeah, but then you can, like, expand off that and go off on your own little tangents, but that kind of, like, leads you into it, if that makes sense.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, nice sense of conversation.
Kyle Musca: you. Yeah. So go back and forth, get it right. And then the way I was originally going to structure is basically it asked me all the questions it wants from, like, needs for me to build it out. So it's all in my own wording. But then I decided to, I decided to just, you know, deep research is.
jese Smith-shields: Is that just when you asked it to research a little bit deeper into it or?
Kyle Musca: No. So if you ask it to do, if you ask it to say, like, research is a little bit deeper or, like, spend longer doing this probably, it will use more energy to think about the answer. Okay.
jese Smith-shields: But deep research is, like, when you click this plus and then you press deep research as an actual tool. Sure.
Kyle Musca: No, I didn't know about that. Yeah. So essentially what deep research is, is it will go scour the web and find all the most relevant information on whatever topic you're telling it to do. And then it'll put together this... You know, massive guide. So, for example, what I did here was I did, just to test this out, I used this fitness hypertrophy guide. So I basically went and told, you know, let's say I put the prompt in here, I want you to go figure out, find all the most relevant information on how to build muscle from an evidence-science-based perspective. I want you to focus on people like John Stewart, Joe Bennett, like all top-renowned hypertrophy coaches, et cetera, et cetera. Give it a really good prompt because it, you know, needs the information. You want to get it right. then it will basically speed you out this massive document. True. Like it's a 42-page document. Yeah. So a lot of  information in it. And then what I did yesterday while playing around with it, I just took that whole document and I basically just took that whole document and put it in here. And I, when you, when you build out the chat, right, you can literally. We just say, like, great, now I want you to build a presentation based off this. I'm going be a topic 30-minute masterclass called Everything You Need to Know About Building Masterclass.
jese Smith-shields: You're welcome. You're use that as, like, a free magnet or is that going to be, like, sort of thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: So essentially, like, the reason I'm showing you that stuff is just to get it to a point where it is really, really efficient that you can pump these out. Sure.
Kyle Musca: Because once you create this chat and you get it right, I wouldn't go create a second chat and, like, restart, like, just keep everything in this one chat. Yeah. Because now, because you can get to the point, like, I've gotten to this point where I can say, okay, now go do one on nutrition and then copy the whole nutrition mega guide in and it'll just run off and go do it for me. Like, you don't have to, like, re-prompt it and everything. Yeah. But, yeah, so I literally just copied that in and then entered it. And then it's, like, you know, obviously wrote this fully in-depth presentation. I would just take that content and just. Send it off to a, like, my presentation builder or graphic designer, whoever you use, and they should just put together a really nice-looking sort of presentation for you. And then what I would do is just for this masterclass, just film, like, a Loom video or something like that. It doesn't have to be, like, really high-quality, high-class thing. I would probably do it something like... And have it basically just looking something like this. Yeah, okay. Where you sort of loom it and then talk based off, okay, whoever's going to do it, just talks while doing a Loom through the presentation. Yeah. Is working. What is producing. Just because it's really easy to sort of turn around and it's really, it's, like, efficient to do. You know what mean? You don't have to go get Jackson to film the whole thing and then  edit it and then, like, do all this stuff. You know what I Yeah. Yeah, so, essentially, to wrap things up there, what... What I would do is I can send you those, the presentation project files, and then I would go away and I would do deep research and say, like, I want to put together, I call them a mega guy just because it gives you  everything you need to know, about everything, you know, women in their 30s or something, let's say, whatever your demographic is, everything that they need to know about losing weight. I want to touch on all their struggles, their difficulties, their excuses, etc, etc. Give it a really good in-depth prompt. It should just go put all that information in for you. Again, you'll probably have to go back and forth with the presentation building thing. And then, yeah, from there, you should be  golden.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's good. I love that. Yeah, if you send that out, that'll be great.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let me do that. Yeah, because I think that will probably just work. Yeah, let me do that. Yeah, that. Thank you.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, Thailand anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good. I love Thailand. It's so easy to lock in here and just focus on things.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, it's fair.
Kyle Musca: And it's where we're at in Chiang Mai. So cheap, man. Like, you get a full hour-long massage for like 20 bucks.
jese Smith-shields: Do you prefer it over Bali?
Kyle Musca: Oh, way better than Bali.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Like, it's... It's kind of like Bali, but they're a lot less strict on rules and stuff, and it's just a lot cleaner.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, makes sense.
Kyle Musca: I also think this is something that I'm going to work with the marketing team on, but like running, like the challenges for me and from the sounds of you and from the sounds of anyone that does it properly, always produce the highest months in terms of figures and everything like that. So what I reckon we do is we just put it on like a three-month loop. So every quarter, we basically do a new challenge. And then I reckon, I would say like... Me, for example, I would say try and become really known for a specific thing to do with that. So what I want to do is I want to make the holiday even crazier and crazier and crazier every single time if I can keep producing high revenue months. And then potentially, again, this is just like a really down-the-line concept, but if we get to the point where you become known as, for me, the guy that sort of runs these challenges but gives massive cash prizes away, like if you could do like a, you know, Adrian Pateli type thing, but like with fitness challenges, I reckon that would  go hard.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I was thinking of doing that, but obviously doing it as like the Bali, but that won't be a quarter sort of challenge. That would be like one every six months, but I do like the idea of quite frequent challenges, but like even just doing like eight-week challenges to fill out. Until, like, the big barley challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would say, yeah, I think quarterly is great because, like, you can just run 12-week challenges around the clock at that point. Like, one 12-week challenge starts and then you announce the winner and then by that time, the next one, next intakes open. And then, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Our demographic loves the word in challenge. Anytime I've put that in any sort of advertisement, we've had our biggest months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, people, people just love challenges.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, it's just, yeah, it's like using the word tone. Yeah. I want to see who it writes. Like, I don't know. Thank So let's see. It seems like it's pretty right. We'll have to test.
jese Smith-shields: There's no way to know until you test it, but that should do most of the work for you. Perfect.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. No worries. Cool. And then? Okay. Sick. All right. Cool. How long do you reckon it'll be until you have the video series and stuff done?
jese Smith-shields: All right. Message JT this morning, he said he'd have it done by today. So I'm hoping I'm going to check in after his call and it should be done.
Kyle Musca: Okay, sick. So what we can do is we can start writing. I can start doing some scripts and everything around that. Can you just shoot me through a message with like all the details, like who's it for, what it explains, why you made it, like as much information as possible so I can write around it essentially. And then, so yeah, so in the meantime, Keanu will do the direct response stuff and then our shift will now focus on that a little bit more. Yeah. What you'll need to do there is we'll need to create a new ad account. Yeah, I've got one attached to the shields. Oh, perfect. Okay, well, that would be fair. So, it's on. So, what What you can do, because you don't have to create a whole new business portfolio, it's going to settings, go to add accounts, and then just go add new.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, that's right.
Kyle Musca: And then maybe just obviously clarify it, because this one obviously says 's fit as well. But this one's attached to count as account. Yeah. And then, yeah. And then once you create that second ad account, you'll just have to go into that one and add Instagram, add me, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you shouldn't even have to add me, because I'm a person in the business portfolio, so I should be able to add myself. If you get caught stuck, just let me know. Yeah. The other thing you'll have to do.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I've already got one for shields, too.
Kyle Musca: I'll just send you over an invite for it. Oh, beautiful. Has Michael jumped in there and attached the cappy?
jese Smith-shields: No. Actually, he might. No, I don't believe so. No, no, no.
Kyle Musca: Have a chat with him. him.
jese Smith-shields: Because I don't, I'm not 100% sure, but because it's running through the I'm pretty sure I duplicated the one that we've got running for Keanu's and then duplicated that straight into the Shields one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I don't know if the Capi will actually convert the data over because it needs to like draw that data from somewhere and send it to somewhere. So reach out to him and have a chat to him. don't know if he would have to like re-attach and build everything from scratch. So it should maybe be more affordable. Ideally, you'd think you'd just have to like re-route where the data points are coming from and where it's sending to.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's sweet.
Kyle Musca: I can do that. But on that, that should be good. By the time you get all that stuff sorted, we should be, we should have scripts and everything written out. And then are you planning on filming the scripts or is, are you going to get Keanu to do it for the ads?
jese Smith-shields: know. All right. right. I'll get Kiana to do it. She's a bit more of the face of the brand in the sense of I think it would just work better off her on that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, perfect. Good thing about whether we do, we'll start with that because it's already been built out and everything like that. But if you do end up doing that masterclass, which I definitely recommend you should do, it'll be like the entire system will basically be the exact same. It would just be a difference of the front-end marketing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: 100%. Perfect, man. Cool.
jese Smith-shields: Any questions on any of that stuff? No, that's pretty sweet, I think. I'm pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. All right, well, we'll executed on that. I'll get the new campaign set up for the graphics, and then we'll just add the videos in when they're ready, and then I'll get some scripts and everything. I'll write a note about that, actually, just to...
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Thank you. you. Thank Thank you. Yeah, I'll try and get those ad scripts filmed over, hopefully by this week, I just need to find someone.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. And then I'll set that for, I'll set it for the end of the week, but probably more so early next week to get there. But, and then, yeah, if you could just try and give me sort of like a detailed explanation of what it actually is and what's entailed and who's it for and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, easy. I've got all this, I've got all the scripts for the videos that you did. Did you want them or did you want me to create like a brief of it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, yeah, that will do. Yeah, if you could just, if Yeah, put all those scripts into a document and then send it through and then I can just run it through chat to me and say give me a brief of this and yeah, that will be very, very helpful, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, easy, I can do that now.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool. Anything else you want to sort of cover at all?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm pretty good. I'm pretty good. If you can send me over a loom of how to calculate the CO dashboard properly, that would be great. So she can obviously start doing that properly and even backtrade some of the weeks that we do have on there. Yeah, then, yeah, all the rest is pretty self-explanatory. I'll just get working on that now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. I'll shoot that, make that now and send it across.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, easy. Appreciate it. Awesome, man. All right, I'll chat to you soon, man. Too easy, man. Have a good one. Cheers.


>>> 66/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-21T06:53:31Z | id:115840834
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Callum Hinze: Oh, good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. How's your day being on?
Callum Hinze: Good so far. Good. What are you? You're only a years to a Thailand, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so it's 1pm here at the moment.
Callum Hinze: Nah, okay, it's not too far off.
Kyle Musca: Nah, works out pretty well, to be honest. Have you been to Thailand? Sorry?
Callum Hinze: No, not Thailand, nah. I wouldn't be keen to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I definitely recommend it. It's pretty good over here, I'm not going to lie. Have you caught up with any other Aussies over there?
Callum Hinze: There's a bunch of Australian guys I know they're there at the moment.
Kyle Musca: I haven't. Who's... I know... No, I'm not. But now... Thank you. What's his name? Oh. I forgot his name, but he's like George's mate.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I don't know. I've got a few mates, Jaden. I don't know if you know Jaden Velt or Geordie. Big Geordie's over there. Aaron Polites is over there. I don't know if you know them, but I think they're all over at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. I think I know Aaron.
Callum Hinze: He's kind of the American guy, isn't he? He's Australian, but he's a big, little, short bodybuilder.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah, no, Aaron. Yeah, yeah, no. Yeah, yeah, I saw him over there.
Callum Hinze: He put it in his story, actually. He's in... Oh, true. Yeah. I'll need to come for a visit one day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Have you been, you've been over to Bali, yeah?
Callum Hinze: Bali, I've done, yeah. Thailand seems to be more put together, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just, it's like Bali, but it's like much cleaner and cheaper because it's not so westernized. Yeah, you, like here, you can go get a, like a full hour long massage for like 15, 20 bucks and then like... The real premium options, like premium ones with like thousands of five-star reviews are like 30 bucks.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, right. I need to come to Sussan.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, most of the places have like really good meal prep company deliveries as well. I'm in Chiang Mai at the moment, so it's not, there's not that many, but like in Bangkok, there was heaves.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, right. I like the sounds of it.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, man. Well, we will dive into things. A few things I want to cover in this call, but is there anything else that you want to touch base on at all?
Callum Hinze: I don't think so. I was going to ask for some help with that CEO dashboard thing, but I'll wait until we get to it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. We'll go through that. This, in the session, just, it's really, really good to just sort of break down the entire funnel and just like clearly have a look at it from top to bottom of like where there's sort of fallout happening. And because, you know, if you're getting. Yeah. You know, a ton of leads going through, but they're just not converting. Something along that chain is just broken and we need to fix it. From sort of surface level of what I'm looking at with everything with yours, I don't think there's really much fallout, but it's always better to be safe than sorry. Cool. So nine calls booked in this week, which is good. Those are good numbers. Do you still have more to take or have you taken all nine?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I've got, I think, two or so more booked so far. Okay. For the rest of the week. When I put in my numbers for calls for the week on that jot form thing, I normally put it like how many between Wednesday to Wednesday when we chat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
Callum Hinze: So like four of those were end of last week. And then I think four or five have been this week, but the average is out.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, that's the best way to go, I would say. With a good close rate as well. So four out of six is closed, which is good. It means there's good quality leads getting on the phone. question and what? Yeah, there's Exactly. Thank you. And then, sorry, did you say you have more to take this week?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I think two so far, I think.
Kyle Musca: So as long as you get one of those across the line, then you've hit the goal there for five a week?
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: How? Yeah, okay, beautiful. Did you get a chance to look at the scripts and everything, the graphics and all that?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I haven't put those together yet. I do need to do that, but I've got them here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful. So we'll throw them together. I'm playing around pretty heavily in the back end with your ads, just sort of like scaling and turning off ones that are not performing well. We've got heaps of different variety there to play with, which is great. They're looking like they're starting to come good, and there's definitely some winners starting to emerge. I also think that it's been like right on the line of like whether or not I want to create a new campaign and just completely refresh the whole pool of data. But I think. I think what I'll do is I'll wait for you to film all these new ads and get all these new graphics put together, and then I'll just start it with them so it can have just a nice, fresh pull to go off.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, that's cool. I think the last few days, it seems like there's been some good leads and stuff coming through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've been refining it pretty hard. Some of them are sitting at $35 cost per lead. If you can sit within the $30s cost per lead, you've got a very winning ad there.
Callum Hinze: You can make a lot of money off that. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So a couple of things I wanted to do in this.
Callum Hinze: Have you made much progress with any of the lead mag stuff? Yeah, I've actually got them. I just need to put them in a folder for you, don't I? I do have a few of those, just old videos that I've edited and added the CTA to. The three lead magnets I've got them linked to is the ARM program one, the blueprint one, which is the main one, and then the macro track. So I've got the CTA added to the video. I got to put it in a folder for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, perfect. Awesome. Yeah, shoot that through when you can. And then with that as well, when you send that through, just send me through like the links and the URLs or whatever that people can use to actually access those things.
Callum Hinze: Oh, like just like a link to like a drive folder, including the e-book?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like if it's just an e-book, like easiest, like what I do there, for example, is just, yeah, chuck it in a Google Drive and then just send me the link so people can access it.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yep. I was going to run some of them. I haven't done this yet, but some of them like you showed me last week where it's like comment arms for my full arm day routine. I think it was a recipe one. Comment something for the full recipe and instead of sending like an actual document, just sending like the many chat message of the ingredients. Yeah, exactly. That's still worthwhile doing as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would like for a recipe type thing, I would. The comment, the only thing is there, like I wouldn't, it depends on what it is. So for a recipe thing, like it's not, you know, crazy, crazy value. So yeah, I would just do comment to get more engagement on it and then you can sort of send it through. If it's something like that we're going to repurpose as an ad, I would probably kind of almost sacrifice the organic side of things and say DM me. Well, you could always just make two versions. It's completely up to you.
Callum Hinze: All these ones, these videos all are just like DM. Yeah. CTA.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just because the comment automations are a little bit more annoying, like in terms of getting the conversation started. Whereas like if they just DM you directly, it makes it easier and more streamlined. And then, you know, if we're going to run it as an ad, the send message button will be right there. Whereas obviously if you post organically, if you did a DM, I mean, hopefully they commented anyway, but like, you know, worst case, they would have to just go, you know, onto your profile and actually send you a message.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. With actually sending them the resource, is it still best just to like send them a drive link to it? Or can you just send the actual like PDF through to them?
Kyle Musca: I would just send the link. would be easier. Like Google Drive link, yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Ideally, it depends how, if they work really, really well and you're getting heaps of leads through it, we may even look at setting up like a simple landing page or something just to collect their information. We'll have to, yeah, we'll start it with real simple and then we'll just add on as time goes. Our main objective here is to get calls booked. So let's just focus on that there and we'll build that from there.
Callum Hinze: Definitely.
Kyle Musca: you. Thank you. Cool. So I'll watch the videos and I'll look at the lead magnet itself, and then I'll build the ManyChat flow based around what I think there, because ideally we do want to qualify them a bit. Yeah. All right. Cool. I'll play around with that. Cool. So we're going to the CEO dashboard. Do you want to send me the link of your CEO dashboard? Because I'll just save it on file, because we'll start pulling that up on a weekly basis if your VA can fill it out. And just quickly, it shouldn't take as long, but- I've just got it done just for the last, just for January of this year so far. Is that all right? Yeah, that's absolutely right.
Callum Hinze: Yep. Share. There was one thing I didn't know how to do, but I'll guess we'll run through it once I've sent it through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Are you going to fill it out yourself?
Callum Hinze: I wanted to get a hang of filling it out myself first before getting to VA, just so I'm not relying on them to understand it more than I do. Yeah, yeah, definitely. I definitely don't want to do it myself every week, but I was like, I want to wrap my head around it first before someone else does.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'll show you how to set up and grab everything there. I'll just add it to your phone. Okay, so, coming here. Cool. Yep, so that's the most recent week for that. Cool. So, let's break all this down and get rid of everything I don't need. Great. 836. Interesting. 186. So you only really need two things, two actual sites, meta and minichat.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I didn't know where to find the total leads on minichat for like just that weak bracket.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, we'll just start our way from the top and work our way down. Now, to do with these top two ones, so leads in ads manager and total ad spend. So obviously, just come to the time frame here. So we'll go from the 12th to the 19th, the most recent one. Now, really important to not go off the cost or the result, right? Because that's like, so for example here, these are very top level. So So But for example, you could do, you know, cost per result, which is meta's default one would be under $11, which looks  fantastic. But then if we actually have a look at the cost per lead on that, you can see that's considerably higher, right? So it can be very skewed. This is just anyone and everybody that clicks on the ad. They're not qualified at all. These are people that are actually qualified and starting conversations properly. That's what we want to go. So to do that, you come into this column and yours, you won't have this one because I've created this one. So I would recommend saving it once you do this. But you'd come into custom and you'd press the little pencil thing there. I'm just going to do it on this one. And then you just type in leads. Lead. And then you'll see lead will come up and you'll see total and cost. And you just click those two boxes. And then I would, yeah, save that as your preset for that. And then that will give you the total leads. it. So for that period, you had 12th of the 19th?
Callum Hinze: Well, I think this is the last week, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, from the 12th to the 19th, you had 26 leads total in ManyChat. Sorry, Meta. So.
Callum Hinze: Where did I get 56 from, man? Well, I must have been looking at something wrong. Is this editable? Oh, that's this week. That's, um, we took that wrong week.
Kyle Musca: Can I? Yeah, I just requested to access that.
Callum Hinze: Can you give me edit access, please? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep. That worked. Oh, no.
Callum Hinze: That worked.
Kyle Musca: No, No, No, I can't. Just to, yeah.
Callum Hinze: Okay, now I should learn.
Kyle Musca: Yes, so, 26, cool. Now, now we need to find the leads in ManyChat. So you come into ManyChat, obviously. Go Contacts. And then you just go Filter, Condition, Tag, Qualify. So we've leads, so be careful not to get caught up in these different ones, go system field, go subscribed, and then see how it's after, after the, we're going from the 19th, so after the 12th, and then system field subscribed before the 19th, then you just click this little box up here, 42. So, that is concerning, because that is quite different to the many chat leads in meta, realistically, these two should be very similar, they should only be off by like a couple at max. So, that's the 12th to the 19th, after 12th to the 19th.
Callum Hinze: Let's do different weeks. Is that from last week?
Kyle Musca: 12th of June, the 19th. Oh, that's December. Okay. I was concerned.
Callum Hinze: So this is for last week's?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so 42 is the round. Yeah, so, yeah, 12th to the 19th of January. So 42. Yeah, perfect. So that match is perfectly.
Callum Hinze: Well, should that be in week two? So this is from the 12th to the 19th, is that period. Oh, okay. So we're tracking the week prior. I've tracked the wrong weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's from this week to this week.
Callum Hinze: Fills out that. Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've done it a week earlier. That makes sense. So now you'll see the cost per conversation. It's because the ad spend wouldn't be right. right, so in that week, we... Okay. going on here? So we had, oh, got a bit of overlap from the news challenge stuff. Still. But that's fine. So we'll go $3,000. Yep, okay. Yeah. So cost per lead was 77 there. That is definitely overlap there. That usually is towards the low twos. Total ad bookings from that, we've got nine. So your booking to lead ratio is good. Ideally, we want to sit at, sorry, industry average is 10%. I like to sit at at least 20%. Yeah. If you can get that high, then fantastic. Cost per book, cool. How many calls have you actually taken in the last week?
Callum Hinze: So are we talking from the 12th to the 19th?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: That was nine.
Kyle Musca: No.
Callum Hinze: Sorry, I'm confusing myself. I've got the weeks mixed up. Yeah. 12th to the 19th was actually, just via ads we're talking, hey, not organic. Yeah. Calls booked or calls taken?
Kyle Musca: So this one is calls booked.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Calls booked with one, two, three, five, five, over last week.
Kyle Musca: So this is from the 12th to the 19th?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, it's five.
Kyle Musca: Is that? So this one was from the 14th. And that was 11. And then we've had nine this week.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, because when I'm filling this job format, I'm filling it out. I'm doing numbers from Wednesday to Wednesday between calls.
Kyle Musca: Right.
Callum Hinze: It'll be an awkward overlap. Whereas, obviously, the many chat ones are just Monday to Monday.
Kyle Musca: Right. Okay. Okay. So that will skew the data a little bit there. I wonder...
Callum Hinze: But if we're talking calls over Monday to Monday, last week, was five.
Kyle Musca: And that's booked or taken?
Callum Hinze: That is booked.
Kyle Musca: We know. Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Oh, no. Sorry. Six. It was six. Yeah. Six.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, I think... think this would, yeah, I don't think this would be the best insight into, like, in terms of this, because it's like an overlap from the challenge.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I'll make sure I keep going Monday to Monday.
Kyle Musca: I've just got my dates confused up. So, and then calls showing up.
Callum Hinze: How many of those showed up? Five showed up.
Kyle Musca: Five, so good show up, right? And then you closed how many?
Callum Hinze: Last week was... 12th and 19th was 1, 2, 3. 3.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, yeah, those numbers are definitely lower than the other numbers we're experiencing now. But, so, realistically, this tells us that most of the funnel is dialed in well. The only thing is that could be better is, one, refining the ads. Um. So in terms of me like scaling the ads back and getting those new creators, those new angles up and refreshing the pool there. And also the setting quality of the conversation could be better because everything else past that is good. The show up rate is good. So it means that the leads that are coming through are serious and they attend with a really high close rate. So those numbers are really, really healthy. So the messaging itself is bringing in the right type of leads. But again, these numbers are very skewed because if we went off, let's just say for the sake of the argument, we go off what we've got here. We had nine calls booked. And then you've closed, or you took six of those calls. And then you closed four of those calls. Yeah, so still pretty healthy numbers across the board there. Mm-hmm. So total ed bookings, what was that? What was that?
Callum Hinze: Five? Six. Six booked, five taken.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Five showed up and then three closed. Okay. We'll keep it at that. But that's basically where you grab all that information. And then, yeah. And then.
Callum Hinze: Okay. So the one I've got next week on Monday will be of the week prior, obviously.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then on that, do you know how much cash you actually collected from those three sales?
Callum Hinze: Last week's ones were all just installments. So they're all like just future revenue, which I chucked in the one below. So 2,000 of just a few recurring. Or 4,000, sorry. Did they all sign up on the $2,000 package? Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So would that be 6,000?
Callum Hinze: Oh, actually, no. Sorry. Two were on the $1,500 package. One was on the $2,000.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: So that's fine. I can't do math, can I?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so 5,000 total, future revenue. Did you take any payment on the call?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I would get them just to pay their first installment, whether I'd them to do like a payment for the first four weeks or first full night or whatever. But I've just averaged it to the total.
Kyle Musca: I don't think that would change much anyway, but we'll just say 1,500, just say, let's say they were paid $500 or something for the first one.
Callum Hinze: I think at this time of year around Christmas, I want to do like some installment instead of paying a lump sum, which I'm all right with.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've noticed across a lot of different accounts, including my own, that I think we're in like a little bit of a gray zone here, probably towards the end of January, because, you all the people that were serious, they signed up in something in December. And then, you know, the stragglers signed up in these first two weeks of January, and then we're kind of coming into a period where everyone's kind of like... Anyone that was serious about doing something for a new year's resolution type thing has kind of already committed to something. So it's like we're just kind of picking up again in a high area. Realistically, I'd probably expect February and stuff to pick back up again.
Callum Hinze: Which I don't mind because having more online regular installments, like this week was, there was no like upfront payments this week. And it was still like a 9K revenue, which means that's just like recurring now, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If they can, if they're all making payments and stuff, then fantastic. Like that's ideally what you want. Okay, perfect. So yeah, the biggest things are, that should come down quite a lot this week. That's much higher than it usually is. And then if we can increase this. So the other thing I'd like to do here, and if you see this kind of low, really like good thing to do. And sometimes it's really good to just do it anyway. Is coming into here, doing the same thing. You don't have to filter by time as much, but we've got leads, and then added condition, and then just give it some time so they subscribed before, let's say last Friday, just because you want the conversations to have, did that work, that didn't work at to have happened a little bit.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then just read through them. So the reason we do this is just to make sure that the conversation is good, because, again, if we can get this figure higher, then, you know, you obviously make a lot more We always save mine for at least 20%. Okay. Yeah. I would do a bare minimum of 20%.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: So, cool. Just thinking, oh my god, this is the worst thing I've ever looked, fastest I've ever been, lol. Fattest I've ever been. So, good. Seeing some subtle reply like this with some meat in the conversation is good, right? Usually means they're more engaged. Hey, man, it can be tough when you feel like that, like you're not where you want to be. The good news is you're taking action now and that's what counts. Fitness, passport, getting a fan involved, that's a solid step forward. What would you say this would be? So, that's a good, to me, that's a good, nice, personalized reply. And that's the biggest thing with the setting is you want to make sure that these responses are personalized. You want to make sure that they're not just following the script. Because if they sort of just don't reply dynamically and they just could go, you know, for example, you know, what's your goal? And they're like, cool, that's definitely achievable with the right systems and stuff. In you're just going to be like, this is clear scripted, you're an idiot. So dynamic response leading to the next question. What's been the biggest struggle with getting the gut going? Is it staying consistent? food inside of things or something else? Yeah, the food at moment has been smashing the dessert. Last year, so like I've always been improving. I've had it by now. People would log. Can't cut the dessert. just need to get some healthy. Turners, do want to get crazy? Sounds like you're already on the right track. We're cutting out the desserts, swapping them for healthy options is a huge win. I've got plenty of ideas for that. Just get a better feel. Where are you based and what do you do for work? I haven't cut the mat yet, but have cut back a lot. Need to buy some good snacks when I get hungry, bored. Sydney, Northern Beaches, and Krummer. work as an asset manager, so that's qualified. That's a good paid job. Chippy by trade, but off the tools 10 years now. yep, cool. Sounds like you've got to install it on saying what needs to be done. That's huge. In fact. The rate of are already starting to make changes, great sign. Make ideas that can help cover them without feeling deprived, I'll show you your way once we chat more about your goals. Coach, help you, yeah, if we look at some coach a little further down the track. Oh, so this was way back in December, to be fair. Yeah, so she just followed up with him again. Yeah. But otherwise, that was a good conversation. So he might come back. We should have sent that today.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Support worker, they're pretty decent paying. So this was a bit short, but I that was all right. I think it was It's done. You You So this guy was very highly qualified.
Callum Hinze: What date was that? Mid-December as well.
Kyle Musca: Was it? Yeah. So let's go, let's add that in there. So it's just not keeping up old ones.
Callum Hinze: A lot of these recent ones here are old follow-ups.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'll just say from the 1st of January. Okay. So go, go, let's go. So Oh, no, let's get it done. Young there. Now, it's kind of a little bit different, difficult to say, but a lot of these seem like Dero's.
Callum Hinze: There's some interesting ones that come through sometimes, eh?
Kyle Musca: 32. The main things I look for is just, like, are they conversating properly? Manufacturing specialist, Mr. Deccan, Deccan, hands-on. I mean, like, these guys seem qualified, like, in terms of job and everything.
Callum Hinze: There is a handful that disappear after a while, which is weird, but for no reason, but...
Kyle Musca: So that was Monday.
Callum Hinze: Who's that? Oh, yeah, I had called him on Monday. He signed up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So, yeah. That's good. They were going into the post-booking flow, which is good. Um, you know how to show up, right? So I assume they do that. Problem, right? Show up, probably with you. Yeah. There's a join link to make it easy. Yep. You're good. Yep. Awesome. You had a call with this guy?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, he was, he didn't know what he was in for though. Yeah, some people come on and they're like, oh yeah, I'm thinking about it. And then you give them a price and they're just, they're just not interested.
Kyle Musca: So let's go, just click working full time, even though he  wasn't. Um, also by the looks of it, you don't have the link added there.
Callum Hinze: So you might want to go at that in many chat. Yeah, I that. I don't understand why that's, which one did he, um, which trigger word did he go for?
Kyle Musca: Uh, Jack.
Callum Hinze: Oh, it wasn't a free resource.
Kyle Musca: What link was it meant to be? He said nothing here, though. Oh, okay. So, oh, not working.
Callum Hinze: Oh. So he's done it twice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you see someone like this, obviously that guy looks pretty  derrid, but if you see someone like this, you can see clicking the ad, like, twice isn't awful, but if, you know, you see a lot of it, I would just block them. Yeah. Because they're just wasting your ad spend.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Young guy. Young guy.
Callum Hinze: There are a lot of young little fellas there that come through these days. There are a lot coming through? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, they're like 16 to 18-year-olds.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, so that's definitely important to know. So what we'll do in that case is just call Fathom. That is not what we wanted. So, and just so I know how to use this wording, let's do another one I brought up. So if you ever see something like that, like if you see a common issue, common problem, in terms of like leads coming through and they're , let me know because we'll just qualify to remove those. Okay. So what we'll do here is to get nice fresh data, we will duplicate this. We'll do this. this. Thank Oh, wait, wait, wait, this is not the right accounting, what we're doing now. Trash. So, yes, using this. Trash, duplicate. Trash. Trash. Trash. So this will give us a chance to clean up everything anyway, but edit animation. Trash. So this Just copy that screen. Thank you. I don't know, I'm just deleting this, I wonder if you can go see. Cool, so this should What I'll do here, actually, is just copy this. I don't do coaching for anyone. I don't know, just so that I don't  spam it again. Oh, I just realized that's not. Cool. So that should tidy that up a little bit. Um, then all we have to do is, uh, turn all these on, which is fun. That's a very important addition to add before we get these new ads on. you, humans. Thank Then. It shouldn't have affected it massively. Nah, it would have, because it would have, it was pretty good. Let's have a look here. Yeah, see, I mean, yeah, there's a lot of students, a lot of apprentices there. And we're not working full-time, so, yeah, hopefully that clears that up. And then I just want to quickly check. How old are most of your clients?
Callum Hinze: they... Between 20 and late 30s, most of them. So probably average is around 30s.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Do you get a lot of guys in their 20s or, like, what would you say?
Callum Hinze: I would say these days, majority are probably late 20s. Late 20s, early 30s is probably where most of them fall.
Kyle Musca: They shouldn't. Late 20s, early 30s. We'll see how this goes. We'll give it like a couple of days just to sort of play around with the targeting with that new updated ManyChat flow. What I might even do after this as well, just because I'm culling these back, but the fitness one, I think, should definitely be performing better for you. what I might, because again, that actually makes a lot of sense saying that a lot of young guys are coming through, because if we're going of cost per result, those theoretically are really, really good numbers to have at cost per result, but it's just clearly bringing in a lot of the wrong  leads. So what I'll do is... I might even play around with just refreshing the fitness pool and keeping the other two as is, I reckon. Yeah, because those other two are coming down as I'm refining them, that fitness one isn't moving the way I want it to. So I might just play around with that and see if that fixes the problem.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that is very handy and insightful. The other thing I was going to do, man, for you is... So I've got this presentation thing pretty  mapped out now. And I think this, again, would be really, really great for you, especially if I'm going to run a lead magnet man. And, like, what I reckon we do is, the exact one I did would actually be perfect for you. So... Did I show you the presentation, ChatGPT?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, think last week we looked at that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So I've extended on from there. I'll do, did I send you these files?
Callum Hinze: Yes. Yeah, you did.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I might resend them so they're nice and easy, but what I did is made it even easier, essentially. So what I would really recommend you do is, so basically go away and do deep research on a topic. So for me, for example, I already had one just to test it out. I, what the ? This is slow now. No. So for example, I've done mega guides before on, you know, nutrition, hypertrophy, strength training. me. Well, I've So what I would do is build out this presentation thing in your one. You might have to go back and forth with it quite a lot to get it right. So it does build the presentations how you want it to be built. But once you've got that done, just keep it in one chat because it will base, you know, if you start a new chat, you'll have to re-prompt it and re-program and everything. So just keep it all in one chat. Once you get it to the point where you can keep it in one chat, literally all you need to do is just say, great. I'll show you this up here. So this is the mega guide that I put into it. So it's a lot of information you got off. Once you get it to build it how you want it to build it, be like, all you literally need to do is just, great, now I want you to build me a new presentation based off this information. And then I said, I want you to make it a topic, I want the topic to be a thing. 30-minute muscle class called Everything You Need to Know on How to Build a Muscle. All of it. You're welcome. Then I literally just copped from there, pasted the deep research it did based off this guide that I already had done in the past. So I literally just copied all that into it. And then it spat me out. This thing's too long. Yeah. Everything You Need to Know about How to Build a Muscle. All of it. You're welcome. This masterclass is a complete breakdown on how to actually, muscles are actually built. Strength, hypertrophy, endurance, recovery, nutrition, programming, all connected. Most, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So built it exactly how I want it done. So I can send that off and it just goes hard. So for me now to build presentations is like a five-minute thing. then I send it off to the presentation builder to get it done.
Callum Hinze: I see.
Kyle Musca: So what I would suggest you do. Basically, what I just showed you then, and I would really suggest building like a 30-minute masterclass on everything someone needs to know on how to maximize muscle gains, or maybe do a nutrition one and a muscle gain one, and whatever you think is a relevant topic. Because I think if you put together a 30-minute masterclass, then that would go hard as a lead magnet from someone like you.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool, that's easy.
Kyle Musca: So what I'll do is I'll send you, I'll forward you the stuff you need. That's the framework and the prompt. And yeah, if you plug that in, yeah, again, you'll just be able to pump them out at that point.
Callum Hinze: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: I also have, so you could use graphic, sorry, Lucky. He's... Is it good, but a little bit more, I guess, expensive? I found a chick that will build, like, Canva presentations for $1, $1 USD per slide.
Callum Hinze: What was Lucky's rates? I don't even remember.
Kyle Musca: I think he did $3 USD for me, but I think he does, like, $5 USD for other people.
Callum Hinze: So if you put together, like, a $30, $40. I think you might have sent me her through, actually, last week. It was a lady, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Sylvia, yeah.
Callum Hinze: Ah, yeah, I've got that here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So, yeah. I'll keep focusing on the ads, playing around with them. And then, yeah, I think if you could build that a masterclass or something like that, if we're going to step into the lead magnet realm, I reckon that would go hard as a lead magnet for you as well.
Callum Hinze: You said just on Loom is fine, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah. Essentially what I would do there, I'll show my screen one more time. I'll see you Thank Once the presentation spills, and then you just obviously let her know, just don't, like, leave the bottom left-hand corner, like, free. Because then you can just do these, and it's so easy to do. You know, I would just do a like this. All right, what's going on, guys? Welcome back to...
Callum Hinze: Simple.
Kyle Musca: Okay. ...or routines without context. Using athlete or influence or splits meant to, for advanced...
Callum Hinze: Yeah, but it doesn't have to be anything crazy. Okay, simple.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of that stuff?
Callum Hinze: Nah, straightforward. That'll be good to build up.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool. Well, that's pretty much everything I want to run over. I'll get the new campaign sorted with the fitness ones, see how they go. And then... ... ... Thank I'll have a look, and I'll have a look through the lead magnet stuff as well. But yeah, if you could also send me all the links that they send them to, and then maybe even like a little bit of a breakdown of just what they are, so I just can sort of put it into your own wording as well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool. I've got the, I've just got three in that folder for now, but I'll get some more up. But yeah, that's easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool. Well, if you have any other questions on that, let me know. Otherwise, I will keep, keep on top of it for you.
Callum Hinze: Awesome. Thank you for that. I even see a CEO dashboard things hopefully, because I didn't really have much idea what was going in and what was coming out either.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just, yeah, understanding that for our sake will be really important to pick apart exactly what we picked apart today. Don't get me wrong, it's a little bit tedious, but it's, you know, essential immigration. And with that implementation, it should start bringing in better quality leads after a play around with it a little bit more. Cool, bro. Yeah. All right. Well, I'll leave you back to him then. But if you do have any questions or you get stuck, just let me know. Otherwise, yeah, ideally by next week, I want to start having had some... I mean, you've still got the direct response stuff, so I guess we've got a little bit of time there. But ideally, I'd like to get the ball rolling on the lead magnet stuff while we're already a little bit ahead.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, beautiful. How many videos do you want for lead magnet videos, reels, like for now?
Kyle Musca: As many as possible. Probably a minimum of eight would give me enough to sort of play around with the testing.
Callum Hinze: I've got three in there now, but I'll get some more now.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Perfect, man. All right, bro. I'll leave you back to... And, man, I'll chat to you very soon.
Callum Hinze: All right. Thanks again for that.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Nice. Cheers, man.
Callum Hinze: Bye.


>>> 67/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-21T08:05:59Z | id:115846368
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Meg Tovey: Hey, good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good, how's things?
Meg Tovey: Things are good. Where are you, where are you in the world?
Kyle Musca: I'm in Chiang Mai in Thailand, so.
Meg Tovey: Oh, what the hell?
Kyle Musca: Have you been to Thailand?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, not for like a long time, maybe 10 years or eight years.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, that's very, very ideal over here. Definitely recommended it, yeah.
Meg Tovey: When did you get there?
Kyle Musca: I've been here since the 5th, yeah, the 5th of January.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Nice. Yeah, was in Bedcon for a week, and then this is Monday.
Meg Tovey: Second week here in Chiang Mai. Do you have, like, a where-to-next date or just seeing where the wind takes you?
Kyle Musca: I'm going to Phuket on Sunday for two weeks, I think. Yeah, two weeks. And then I'll probably go back to Dubai after that to sort some banking stuff out, and then I'll come back to Australia for a bit.
Meg Tovey: Nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so getting around. But cool. Well, all right, well, we'll dive into things. I was reading through your check-in before, but how is this week going overall?
Meg Tovey: I put more detail in my check-in for the first time ever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Let me actually pull that up now. So there's a few things I don't even want to cover in this call. Okay, cool. So we'll go over the basics. Ten calls booked in, which is good. Very happy with that. Do you have your CEO dashboard? Yeah. I'm up to date.
Meg Tovey: One of my questions on your thing was about that. In the meantime, though, I have the – so I did put in the first week, but I don't think it's like fully filled out because then I got confused by – what was I confused by? Something about the dates, something to do with the dates, but I think I figured that out. I just needed to do like because it says – oh, I think it was because it was like weeks one to four, then some months have like more than that. But I've put in my checking that I've started putting all the calls into my set of spreadsheet, including like ones that come through the link tree because I've been getting a lot more of those. There's not a lot more, but like a few more than usual that I think are like still from ads or from like – Referrals. So I've at least got the data now to, like, say exactly how many calls are getting booked, how many are converting, and that kind of thing. And then I've got my own spreadsheet that I had from before with, like, the numbers for, like, cash collected and future cash and stuff like that for ads people. But, yeah, I just need to figure out the CEO thing, and then I can fill it out.
Kyle Musca: So do you want to send me the link to the CEO dashboard? Because I'll save that on file, just because that's something I want to kind of check on a weekly basis, just run over quickly.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Can be a little bit tedious, but that's data, I guess. And then, yeah, it's really important to sort of break down the funnel, understanding where, if anywhere, there's any holes in it and where it can be approved. But from the, like, as a general overview of everything, things have gotten well, well, yeah, I just want to actually dull them.
Meg Tovey: What's your email again?
Kyle Musca: What's It is Kyle at empcoaching.com.au, but if you have the Google Sheet, if you want to just go in the top left of the file and then share it and send me the link.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, if you could jump in that and just tell me what to do about the, like, months, because I was confused.
Kyle Musca: Request access. Yeah, I just requested access on that one.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, should be good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Okay, cool. Let me save that as well. I've been on my computer all day. It's struggling.
Meg Tovey: Also, the data is not accurate. I need to do it properly because I got halfway through and then realized it was not – I didn't want to fill it in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's actually – Better collect all this data. So the main things we need are manager and meta. So have you – the other thing we should look through today is the sustain keyword because there's not actually a cappy on that. I might even exclude – I mean, it's still technically an ad, but it's not direct response advertising. So it's to below. yeah, you it's say about got Okay, so in terms of the sheet, by the way, so yeah, I assume you're talking about like weeks one to four, but then only months here.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you just come at the top here, and then you just press that little plus, and we'll open it up.
Meg Tovey: Oh, okay. Yeah, cool. And then if there's more than one week in the month, what do I do?
Kyle Musca: What do you mean?
Meg Tovey: It was like, see how it goes, 26.
Kyle Musca: Wait, I'm confused.
Meg Tovey: Hang on, let me.
Kyle Musca: So that, it just crosses over. So if from the 26th to the 4th, it would just be this one.
Meg Tovey: So is that accurate? Because it says 2025, so I just, because obviously dates are different in 2025.
Kyle Musca: So will it still be all accurate, like we lined up, if that makes sense? Probably If you might want to, is your operations manager going to, or your VA going to handle this for you on a weekly basis?
Meg Tovey: Ideally, yeah, because I don't want to  do it.
Kyle Musca: I would just get her to come in and like, just say, go match up all the dates properly. Just make sure she doesn't touch anything else.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if we're looking at the 21st, we'll look at the 12th to the 19th.
Meg Tovey: So, what we do here is we go- Could we do the first week? Because I didn't do that. I don't know where those numbers came from.
Kyle Musca: Maybe they're already in there as examples. Yeah, we can do that. So. Yes. So we'll do the fifth. Did you get good core volume through there?
Meg Tovey: It's been a while.
Kyle Musca: It's been a while since you've been... Like, pretty consistent with the leads and everything, eh?
Meg Tovey: Uh, no, the last, like, couple of weeks, like, have been pretty good. Like, if I screen share real quick, just for a, like, snapshot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let me, wait, wait, can you share again, sorry?
Meg Tovey: Yep. Like, this is the, when's this from? Mid-December.
Kyle Musca: So, like, yeah, not bad. Yeah, okay, perfect. So, that would be good numbers for us to, like, as long as there's the data there. let shoot my screen. Cool, okay. So, we're going to go from the 5th of Jan to the 12th of Jan. So, when you come to meta, you just have to filter by the date there. Now, so, total adspin, obviously, that's pretty, pretty simple. Oh, so, explanatory. You would just come in here and grab that. Thank Now, this, keep in mind, is including the, yeah, so this is including the new ads that we're obviously running in terms of the sustained stuff.
Meg Tovey: That's the wrong one.
Kyle Musca: Yes. Okay, and then, really important to not get caught doing the cost per result, so when you sort of, like, go into meta, yeah, you know that already? Yeah. Yeah, cool. So in terms of leads, again, this is going to be a little bit skewed because it's not going up the sustained ones, but we'll just run with it anyway. So 29 leads.
Meg Tovey: If just literally add up the leads in that column, in the leads column.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it should tell you at the bottom. Yeah. But, yeah, if not sure, just add them up. And then, total ads in ManyChat. So this is, you can come into contacts, then you just go filter, tag, go qualified, qualified working full-time, go system filled, then go subscribed, then go after the 5th, is it 5th and 12th? Yeah. Yeah, 5th and 12th. That would be, that would be actually the week before that. So, cause that's, that's the 5th to 12th.
Meg Tovey: It's actually meant to be 5th to the, 11th, think. Monday to Sunday?
Kyle Musca: Just for E's sake, otherwise we'd have to cross over during different months. I think we could do that, let's just do that. We'll go, Monday, so the 29th. So 29th to the Sunday there. So that is total spend 8, 10. In there. Cool. And then total leads was 24.
Meg Tovey: So this date is the start of that week, 29th.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this will be the 29th of December. Yeah. To the 5th. Or to the 4th. Yeah. Yeah, cool. And then, yeah, so many, so we've got to come back in here, and we'll go after the 29th. Cool. And then just, again, subscribe before the, technically, the 4th. And then you just click this little box, and that's just 29th. So as long as they're very close together, that's good. A little bit off, but. That's relatively close enough. So under $40 cost per lead, which is good. I'm happy with that. How many bookings did you get that week? Do you remember?
Meg Tovey: I've got that on my notes. Give me one sec. The week from 31st to the 6th of Jan?
Kyle Musca: 29th to the 4th, technically.
Meg Tovey: Oh, see, I  have been doing the last three weeks based off our week that we, like, catch up. Yeah, we can just use that. It says 11th. No, I would like to do Monday to Sunday because that's how I do everything else. It says 11th booked, but I don't know. That's from the 31st to the 6th. So give me one sec and I'll figure it out. 31st. Bye-bye. So I actually want, you want the 29th to the 4th that one comes out, 1, 2, 3, 4, come out, 5, come out So it only 1, 2, 3, 4, 4, it was only 4 that week.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so, it, that's, it's probably a  week to know what's famous.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that is a very  week because it's like.
Kyle Musca: Well, we'll quickly just, we'll power, we might as well just quickly power through these two because these, these numbers will pick up quite a lot. How many out of those four take, actually showed up?
Meg Tovey: 1. 1. 2. Two, three, and they all sold.
Kyle Musca: Sure. So cost per call, and then 100% close rate. Which means, obviously, those numbers all look  super healthy. So basically what that tells us is, again, it's going to be skewed because it's just a  period of time. But, I mean, cost per lead was good. I think anywhere for an actual lead, if you're sitting within the 30s, prime, like that's exactly where we're going to be at. 40s is pretty decent, like still pretty good. 50s is starting to get, you know, average, then 60s are up is, you know, not ideal. Yeah. Oh, . 20% in terms of booking to lead ratio, which is pretty good. Our industry average is 10%, so we're still sitting happy there. I think that would be higher based off our current numbers. Again, I think that's probably coming.% Down to that time period. Cost per booking at that point was $200. And then obviously the lead quality was really good because you closed and they all were obviously qualified and should have been on the call. Besides that one person that didn't show up. So overall, those numbers are good. We'll quickly power through weeks too just because I want to see numbers of normal weeks.
Meg Tovey: So... I need to get them on the right numbers for you then. Give me a sec.
Kyle Musca: I'll do that.
Meg Tovey: I'll the time just to  figure it out from like Wednesday to Tuesday for the three weeks, but I'll do it now.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Meg Tovey: Okay. It's the deal.
Kyle Musca: Uh, leads in ads manager. Let's see. So we had 26 for that period. Six. allowed… had becomes. You're happening? sampaiTER moto nam
Meg Tovey: 14th, for that book, for that one was booked.
Kyle Musca: Oh.
Meg Tovey: 15th and 11th showed up. One.
Kyle Musca: Oh, we're in 1978. Three, three, six. 12th. So we had 30 beats in many chart. Cool. So Cosbelly was great. How many bookings did you have that week?
Meg Tovey: 14th and then 11th showed.
Kyle Musca: 14th and 11th showed.
Meg Tovey: So we're and go ahead to the elements. One. Two. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Seven converted. However, that was the  week where four of those. Oh, no, sorry. Six converted. Whoa. I got that wrong. Let me write it down. can't do it otherwise. 13 booked. 10 showed. Six converted. However, One, two, three were the ones that signed up and then pulled out because it was before I changed it to Stripe.
Kyle Musca: Oh.
Meg Tovey: But, like, I feel like if I had, because I haven't had that issue since I've changed it, I feel like they would have all been sweet if I had got some payment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I think that probably is that in their nose.
Meg Tovey: So, like, I counted them as converted, but obviously I know I didn't  get the money from that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that was the main problem. Yeah. So, and then do you know your cash collected and everything on those weeks?
Meg Tovey: Cash collected, yes, I do. Give me one sec. $240.
Kyle Musca: $2,400?
Meg Tovey: No, sorry. One sec. Um, one, two, Aaron and Peter. Aaron and Peter. Cash collected just that week?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Um, , this is why I need to, like, do it, I think, off the call, because one of them was, well, I just realized one was organic. Um, but $360 was only, the only cash collected. It should have been, like, plus another $480, $650, and $600, but that was prior to changing the platform.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I just realised I'm a bit of a sped and this should have actually been here. 13, 10.
Meg Tovey: Oh, no, that's right because I was doing the dates from the week that the week starts. So week two is the fifth to the 11th.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, so if we were going to do it from the fifth to the 11th, then that should go into that column.
Meg Tovey: Why?
Kyle Musca: Because it's like on the 12th, that was the previous week's recording. Does it matter? I mean, as long as you keep it the same, it doesn't really matter.
Meg Tovey: Because I've always tracked everything the week starting, so then I can do whatever, but it's to keep it consistent, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, either or. just like as long as it's starting. Okay, so what was cash collected, sorry?
Meg Tovey: Well, it was only $360 because the three of them pulled out.
Kyle Musca: Okay, what was future revenue?
Meg Tovey: What was total revenue? Sorry, it was actually more than that, but one of them was organic and I've realized I've included them in this data as well.
Kyle Musca: Okay, and that makes it a little bit more complicated, but we'll just do it for the sake of the argument.
Meg Tovey: If you just take one of the calls booked out and one of the sales out, that will be accurate.
Kyle Musca: Twelve, we'll say that's fine.
Meg Tovey: And then I'll add in, I'll add Peter into the organic. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so yeah, and then you can obviously come down and fill this in as well.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, we'll get that.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So total revenue, theoretically, from those sales?
Meg Tovey: Theoretically, without them pulling out, would have been... Um... Like... ... ... ... . Um, 15,334. You mean like the minimum term, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So technically, as long as they don't pull out.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. But it should be minus the 360, because I think I remember you did that last time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, it would be cash collected minus that, which would be, uh, 14,974. Which, uh, total revenue, yeah. So it doesn't change the actual total return on investment. So, yeah, theoretically, if, let's just say those people didn't pull out, uh, you would have got a 17x return on investment.
Meg Tovey: So, So, yeah. So, I mean, that's pretty good. How do you, like, I guess, account for, like, people pulling out of contracts just in general with, like, forecasting?
Kyle Musca: I mean, there's no real way to do that. I wouldn't skew this data as such, if that makes sense. Just because that's, like, a later problem, essentially. This is just based off, like, cool, based off the numbers, they should theoretically stay through to the end. This is what we can expect.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, look, I like to aim for a bare minimum of sort of, like, five to six ROI as, like, acceptable. So, sitting at theoretically 17, pretty good.
Meg Tovey: It fixes because one of them was in the next week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So. So. So. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Meg Tovey: No, no questions.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that's right.
Kyle Musca: So it seems that the graphics have been doing really, really well for us. I mean, in terms of, let go to the last seven days here, just as an update. So really important to not just get caught at the surface level, because this is taking consideration in everything. And even if we come in here, obviously, there's no cappy attached to the sustained ones. So that will obviously skew a lot there. The progress ones are coming together decently well. So we can start to see, like, two well-performing ones here. And then it's obviously taking into consideration the little bit of ads that it's tried to test on the other ones as well. so what's, I mean, for a video and especially... with update. See? You know, it's more of an educational to transition into coaching video. Those are pretty good. Like, they're, you know, not extreme winners, but they're within their 40s. They're still scalable, depending on what direction they go. If we keep spending, if more ad spend gets dedicated to them and, you these creep up a bit, then it's a different story. But overall, they're looking decently healthy so far. The sustained ones, in terms of cost per result, they're looking really healthy. But with the sustained one, it's a video that you direct them to, hey?
Meg Tovey: A podcast.
Kyle Musca: Podcast. So how have the conversations been going here?
Meg Tovey: There's just not many people opting in. Like, there's only been, in January, one, two, wow, that's so small. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18. Oh, it's more than I thought, but there's been 18 for the whole of January so far. Out of 264, like it's a low percentage, I guess.
Kyle Musca: What I would kind of do, 264 messages total.
Meg Tovey: 264 total keywords plus followers. And we get a lot of followers from, obviously, like the ads running.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would do here is, let's quickly have a, quickly, just to see what the ending sounds like.
Meg Tovey: I literally hate that video. Why is it the one that's performing the best?
Kyle Musca: This one?
Meg Tovey: The top one. Oh, yeah, no, that one didn't pull anything through, that's what I'm thinking. Oh, yeah, that's good. The key. It's  popping up for me.
Kyle Musca: The gym, but it could be going for a walk, buying a puppy, or just spending more time with quality friends. If you're tired of programs that just keep telling you to eat less and move more, DM me the word sustain, and I'll send you our free training on the three steps to lose 15 kilos and finally keep it off. So what we may do here, you said DM, hey?
Meg Tovey: I said DM, and then I asked more about that, because I know we spoke about, like, obviously trying to get more comments or whatever, and he said, I'll put that on the screen.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the, it doesn't make the world of difference, the comment just makes it a little bit more annoying, because you can't, like, just, you can't, um, break it into multiple text blocks.
Meg Tovey: People don't really comment anyway, I don't.
Kyle Musca: Well, the ad will, say, have the send message button on it. So, I mean, it doesn't really make the biggest difference, to be honest. But I do want to clean this up. Potentially just add some qualifications to it. So, this is... Okay, computer.
Meg Tovey: All right, okay, that makes sense. I just  winged that, because you were like... Because I realized it had gone live, and I didn't have a keyword set up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the message contains, so we want to change that to messages. That's fine. Podcast training keyword, fantastic. And then what I want to do here... We want just copy, not copy, but do a similar... So, name, message, sustain. Thank you, don't need to be reaching out. Relevant topic, what would you say here, relevant topic, but make it sound, you know.
Meg Tovey: Where are you going with the rest of it?
Kyle Musca: I don't understand the context. The most relevant topic or part of the video or whatever, resource, whatever, to your current situation, let's run through a few things first.
Meg Tovey: What are you all right? Okay. Yeah, probably just resource, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Relevant resource. Run through.
Meg Tovey: Maybe even, like, if I was actually saying it naturally, I would say, like, hey, if you're reaching out, I've got a couple of resources, a couple of free resources, just so I can get a, I'd like, just so I know which is the kind of best one that's going to suit you, or which one's going to suit you best, let's run it through, if you could. Let's run it through, it's just a few. , my words are literally tangled.
Kyle Musca: I get you. Okay, so good on you for reaching out. Okay, let's just drop this. I have.
Meg Tovey: I actually have a couple of different resources.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I have, I have, a couple.
Meg Tovey: What's the purpose of the, um, flow for this one?
Kyle Musca: Like, why? So one, I want to qualify a little bit more. Yeah. Because if we can qualify, then we can add a cap.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You're a four.
Meg Tovey: Oh, I can't hear you anymore.
Kyle Musca: Oh, can you hear me?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: There you are, yeah. Um, 15 kilos.
Meg Tovey: I can't hear you anymore. I still can't hear you.
Kyle Musca: I don't know if you can hear me, though.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, there we go.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Cool. So, um, that's all this. Just so I can say the most relevant resource.
Meg Tovey: Most relevant one?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the most relevant one. Let's run through a few quick questions. Now, will it let us add? It's not going to let us add. Yeah, so I think it's because there's a comment thing attached. So if we remove this, let's see what it does.
Meg Tovey: No, I won't be really commenting anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. . Send us. What's this? My mini chat just doesn't make this a simple thing. Yeah. Thank you. you. Thank you. Oh, think it was because it was created off of a comment. Did you originally create this as a comment?
Meg Tovey: I don't remember. I was trying to. But you can delete it and make a new one.
Kyle Musca: I don't care. Let's do Instagram.
Meg Tovey: Yes. I think I duplicated one of the ones that my VA set up for, like, when we've done those free meal plan ones and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, that's fine. That's the way. I'm down to two seconds. Second. Text.
Meg Tovey: I'm just going to do this starter while you're doing that for the next week.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Okay. Nice. So we're probably making this a little bit more confusing. Let's just, you know,  it, let's just do this. Cool. John.
Meg Tovey: Is the, um, bottom, sorry, I won't distract you while you're doing that.
Kyle Musca: And that allows us to keep everything else pretty much the same. Yeah, it'll be over there. Well, we might update this as well, just a little bit.
Meg Tovey: I also, with the ROI, do you not include, like, your set of spend?
Kyle Musca: That's just on ads only. So if you want to do that, I would just, like, if you want to do a total cost to acquire a client, then I would just, basically, that'd be pretty simple. You just go to shoot, that just takes into account. You're a spend. It's all setters and ads and stuff. It would, yeah, there's no other overheads. I mean, you could take in consideration things like a ManyChat subscription if you really wanted to get nitty-gritty with it.
Meg Tovey: And you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. Using Using Using Ico Which is out at once, or? It's Cool, so we're just introducing the idea of my air framework. Just so I can Just so I can Just so I can include things that will on your schedule. Schedule? What best describes your current situation? Yeah, what was it? cool. So, theoretically, and then, let's say they're working full-time.
Meg Tovey: Oh, for 's sake.
Kyle Musca: And then we're going to add. Why are you doing that? Why is that thing always in the way? Get out of here. Okay. Is it screwing or what? No. Thank you. Cool. Cool. What's this? Cool. Let's see. see. Let's see. Let's Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Okay, so that should be fine for now. Can you see that screen? I've heard of the thing.
Meg Tovey: Yep.
Kyle Musca: I'm going to back.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Whoa. I was like doing the data and now it's like totally different. It looks like the other one now, right?
Kyle Musca: Like it looks like the other big one. Yes. Yeah. So essentially, because we just want to call for, we can get rid of all these. So, I mean, if they're coming through on that,  them, they're going to go through our feed. And we're going to check out, why are you annoying? Message is sustained. Perfect. All right.
Meg Tovey: Oh, I think that was the other part I was confused about. On this SEO dashboard, all of these numbers, do I just delete all this out? like, is that been...
Kyle Musca: Be careful about just deleting stuff out, because if you...
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that's why I didn't want to do it.
Kyle Musca: Let me... What... numbers are you talking about?
Meg Tovey: Like, I need to put in total revenue here. Can you see where I'm clicking?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Meg Tovey: in there.
Kyle Musca: And I put these and stuff. What is all that? No, you should be fine deleting these three rows. So if you want to, that's what I'm Why are you so annoying?
Meg Tovey: Okay, so good. I did that.
Kyle Musca: And you should be able to delete those. Oh, no. It's not just doing those. Because then if you go, let's say 1,000, say 2,000, say 3,000. Didn't do the OKCash, what the hell?
Meg Tovey: I think this is where I got up to. Oh, , I don't want to touch it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's because, uh, yeah, so there's a calculation on that one. Yeah, we, based off these two numbers, I would say. Let's say we did, let the other one, yes. Yep, okay. Yeah, so there's a calculation there, which means, uh, if you wanted to go do these. Oh, no, we're deleting.
Meg Tovey: Oh, , how you go forward? I was like, no! It took that long to calculate.
Kyle Musca: How do you undo and undo? go. Um, total cost taken was nine. What are you doing? I'm not correct. And then. And close to us five. No. Yeah. Yeah, five. 360 and then that was, you know, let's just do. Seven.
Meg Tovey: Let's go back to... Don't worry, because I can just jump back on the recording and, like, fill it out.
Kyle Musca: As long as, like, there's nothing else that needs to be deleted or whatever.
Meg Tovey: Because that's... Yeah, I didn't want to, like, delete the wrong .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, all right, we're back to where we were. So, yeah, you can delete these two. It's just the calculation set on this one. So, just be careful about that. But, anyway, we'll come back to that. So, just to run you through this, just update this. And we'll turn this one off so it doesn't focus over there. Now, there should also be a copy attached to this one. Yes. So this works well. Yes, I don't explain it though. was going off my thought tangent there. But this works well because it qualifies one who you should be talking to, obviously. Like, you know, if they're not working, it's just like, well, they're just not relevant to us. They can  off. If they are working, it's like, all right, this is someone who is interested on losing, you know, 10, 20, 30 kilos of weight. And they're working full time. They're a good candidate. a really good candidate. Because we've qualified them, we can attach that conversion API, which will just let us track it from the ad spend a little bit better. Not the ad spend, but scale the ad a little bit better. Um, and then what you could also potentially do here is, um... You may, this is maybe where you want to add like a VSL or something like that. So if we go in here, delay, I wonder if you can do video. Yeah, you could. So you might even want to do, you you could add like a little VSL basically saying like, hey, you know, I just saw you were interested in the free resource, whatever you want to call it. So think that based off all your answers, I think that the error framework is going to suit you extremely well. This ideally works better if you can like hook this up with something like go high level, for example, and then say, I've shot that through to your email. So it should come through any second now. In the meantime, you a little bit about us. And then this is where you go into a VSL. You know, we've helped hundreds of women drop 20, 30, 40 plus kilos of weight while, you know, teaching them all the right habits to last a lifetime and, you know, getting them a part of community that, you know, they really feel like they're a part. Our ultimate goal is helping women. So by all means, go watch the Arrow Framework. It's a really great video. And if you do want to have a chat about, you know, how we could potentially help you achieve your goals as well, just let me know. I'm absolutely here to help you. Again, just very off the top of my head.
Meg Tovey: Is it doing like a VSL or like an iPhone-looking kind of video?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you would do it. You would, yeah, you would just do something VSL-y, but often you could do it off an iPhone. could do it professional and complete up to how you want to do it. But basically you just say, you just prompt them with the idea of, you know, starting conversation and opening your number up to the idea of, you know, chatting to you essentially.
Meg Tovey: So would the setter not then go and follow the normal combo or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. The setter would continue the conversation the same way. On this, I would just say the setter goes in. The script that you sent me the other day was... Pretty in line with mine. So again, it's the same goal, struggle, et cetera, et cetera, job qualify, and then transition into the idea of jumping on a coaching call and everything like that. What you may want to do is, especially with like a lead magnet, is you may want to remove any like coaching as such terminology. You might want to have that conversation with them. then instead of like a direct coaching call, you may want to just prompt the idea of, okay, well, you know, I'm more than happy to jump on the phone with you and like chat about this a little bit more in depth if you want.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. The only thing I'm thinking is like most people don't even go and listen to the thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's fine. doesn't really matter. What we're doing here is we've sent them a resource, like ideally they do watch, don't get me wrong. But what we've done is we've like send them the resource, we've qualified them. So we've given them value. You've spoken to them. You've actually like nurtured them. You haven't just tried to go in for the kill. You've tried to follow up with conversation. To help them further. then you're even offering a free call, just a quick 10, 20-minute call just to run through things a little bit and see if I can help you out any further.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Like the thing with the lead magnets is we kind of want volume through the system just to make sure it's, you know, working. And then we can refine it. We can tighten it up.
Meg Tovey: We can qualify a little bit harder if we need to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like if you're getting on a ton of calls, but a lot of them just, you know, aren't interested in it, then it's like, okay, maybe we add in a little bit more coaching terminology around it. But theoretically, all those girls getting on calls, you know, need to lose 10, 20, 30 plus kilos of weight and they have a stable job.
Meg Tovey: So they should be able to afford coaching. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So that should be fine for now. The way I would just intro with the setter is like just get them to come in and like, hey, Rachel, just popping in. Do you have a chance to watch through that video or something like that? I'll Bye So it kind of just, like, starts the conversation by, like, seeing if they had a chance to watch the resource.
Meg Tovey: So should the setter not be messaging, like, straight after the flow?
Kyle Musca: I mean, they could. If there's some time that's elapsed, it might be, like, did you get a chance to watch that? If it's pretty recent, be like, hey, just so you, you know, we're interested in that. Just checking, did that link work all good?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Like, you just want to kind of, like, start, get the conversation rolling by asking if they were able to access it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Because that's what we do for the goals guide. They say, like, I've had someone tell me this morning that it didn't come to their email. I just wanted to check that you got it all good or something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Meg Tovey: But yeah, could do the same thing with, like, just checking that link works.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, again, your ultimate goal is just foot in the door, start the conversation.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Uh... Perfect. So, yeah, I'm keen to see how that goes. We'll also keep an eye on the, like, click-through rates.
Meg Tovey: I mean, if we're getting a high click-through rate there, then fantastic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Theoretically, we're not asking for any personal information or anything like that. So, I mean, it should be decently high, but we'll keep an eye on it. Yeah. Why is that not on? We want that on. There we go. That was an important component. Perfect. Quickly.
Meg Tovey: Did you want to sort out that Stripe payment thing? Yes, please. It's only, like, what's, uh, $59 difference, but.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. That should be take two seconds. Do you want to share your screen and open up?
Meg Tovey: So, this is set for the 22nd Jan, $2.30, $80 a fortnight, but it needs to be $2.99 and then go to $2.30, $80 from the following fortnight. Or from the following week, sorry, not Fortnite.
Kyle Musca: So the easiest, like if this was me doing it, the easiest way to do it is do you use Notion or anything, like a note reminder software thing?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, it's not the reminder that's the problem, it's I just don't physically know how to change it on here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean that's super, super simple. So like the reminder thing, for example, is if you need a change, what I do is go into edit, update, subscription.
Meg Tovey: I just didn't want to accidentally delete it or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, so that's fine. And you need to actually change this first payment?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you just click on that little pen and then change it to whatever you wanted to. And then, yeah, go confirm. One day left on trial, so yeah, update subscription. Apply subscription updates, yeah, immediately, yeah, update. I'll you one. Yeah, see see in in you. Fantastic. And then what I would do, I would refresh the page just to make sure that it updated. And then, yeah, what I would do in that situation is I would just set a note for if it charges tomorrow, the 23rd, make sure it's come through. As long as it's gone through, then I would just do the exact same things we just did and change it to the one you want.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, so that was a lot easier than I thought.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's pretty easy to do. That's why I like Stripes because you can get in there and maybe change stuff without needing their permission on the front end.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, okay, cool. And just to recap for when someone fails the payment, so this chick did. I actually just called her and got her set up on my direct debit platform because they handle that. And she's young and, like, I knew she wouldn't have any issue with it. Plus, she was organic. But what would you do?
Kyle Musca: So if you scroll down in terms of, like, trying to recharge it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. See, yeah, so see how this has felt? We'll be back. Click on that one. Actually, no. So scroll down a little bit more. Yeah, okay. Okay, so usually what will happen is if it fails, it will, like, say retrying, but because this is, you've to be really, really cautious of this. Every time you set up a payment, would always set a reminder to make sure, like, the day after, check that it goes through. Because if you scroll right back up to the top, so it's failed, which means that the first payment, if it doesn't, so because it's the first subscription payment, if this one fails and doesn't go through, then it won't try and recharge any future ones, right? So if the first one doesn't go through, none of them go through. So in that case, if it was, let's say a payment had already gone through and the second one failed, then there'd be a part where you scroll down and it says... Retrying.
Meg Tovey: just click, like, instead of failed, it'll be retrying.
Kyle Musca: You just click on that and it will say, like, you can recharge customer, you can voyage customer. If it's, like, that scenario where the first one failed and you've spoken to them and they're ready to reprocess it, then I would just go into the actual subscription, like, basically what we did in terms of updating subscription, and then I would say reset billing dates or charges immediately and then process it manually that way.
Meg Tovey: Okay. So this is the only chick that's actually, because I just was checking, the rest of them are on my PaySmart. This is the only chick that's just on Stripe. So if that fails tomorrow, I do what?
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, if the first one fails, then you would just click into the three dots and update subscription. Like, let's say she said, yeah, I'm ready to put it through. And then you would scroll down slightly. It's already on the page, so not too far. Yeah, and then this would be available. Sorry. So, reset. That billing date would be available. If you click that, it says charge immediately.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, and then if you had that click, let's say, or if the date was just set to today, I would make sure you say reset billing cycle because it will bill immediately. And then once you clicked update subscription, it would try and process that payment.
Meg Tovey: Okay. And, like, because that Lily chick, she needed to change the card details. And they can do that, you said, or no?
Kyle Musca: I haven't played around with it that much.
Meg Tovey: So if you get out of that. That's why I ended up having to just set her up on my other one because I didn't know how to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So click out of that. If you scroll down to payment methods and go plus. I'll just say verifying cards via dashboard. So, yeah, I'd say you will have to verify that, which might take some time. But I would say you can do it through there.
Meg Tovey: Okay. This is my number, not theirs.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Go for your account.
Meg Tovey: So you can, yeah. I'll, um, I'll do that later.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But you should be able to send them a link or something based off that, I would assume. Yeah. Okay. Otherwise, if you ever get stuck with that stuff, the thing I do is I just screenshot and check and chat GPT and say, like, how do I?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Um, sometimes it misleads you, but sometimes it gives you good information.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. spend my whole life on chat GPT. I don't know what the  we did without it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. Any other questions on any other stuff?
Meg Tovey: Nothing that's, like, for right now, but I'm just wondering what to do over to Japan because it's, like, two weeks and I feel like we're getting on a roll now. I'm, like, I don't want to not do calls, but I can't do calls and I don't want to when I'm  snowboarding.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: And then Lauren was, like, I'll take them. She was, like, because you're not going to be, like, losing out even if they don't convert. But, don't means. Like you might be losing out, but also like I will be because I'll be paying the ads and stuff. So I just wanted your opinion.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it depends on how the ads are going. We can just sort of, they are starting to creep up a little bit, which is to be expected because the graphics that were sort of pulling through for us were like December, like early January worded. So we can just sort of, yeah, pull, pull right back on them and just cruise through that time and not like just limit your overheads essentially if you don't want to take course.
Meg Tovey: I just won't be able to, or like I could, but I definitely don't want to. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So in my experience, it's best just to like pull things right back and just reduce your overheads and just try and like profit on your recurring subscriptions a little bit more that way. And then just enjoy your time off without the added stress. The other thing I want to chat to or start planting the idea for is, Um, is potentially running a challenge and doing a marketing campaign around an actual challenge. Exact same thing, pricing everything that we currently do. Yeah, you just market as a challenge that tends to really get people up, pretty keen if done right.
Meg Tovey: Uh-huh.
Kyle Musca: Um, so, yeah, that might work well to implement once you're back from Japan.
Meg Tovey: Still a six-month thing?
Kyle Musca: No, you can do three months. could do a six-month, yeah. wasn't, yeah, completely up to you.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I kind of, like, have done the short thing before and it's exhausting to, like, keep bringing, like, I feel like it's easier to retain, um, clients, you know, paying more for a longer period of time than it is to kind of turn through short challenges.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, part of that is, would say, there's, like, $8,000 of prizes to be won. Um, and then everybody basically wins. Second prize, which is like a $500 coaching voucher that they can put towards an extra three months. So, yeah, like that's a method. I mean, but there's no, you know, rule saying it. I mean, you could say I just specifically designed this for women wanting to lose 20 kilos. It's a six-month challenge.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I actually saw something the other day and I sent it to Laura and I was like, , this is a good idea. It was something that James Smith posted, but it was actually a mistake. He wrote like 24 months or something and it was a mistake. It was meant to say like not nearly that long, but I was like, oh, this is a good idea. The way I'll try and find it, I'll send it to you because I was like, oh, we could do a version of that. Obviously not 24 months. That's  crazy. But, yeah, but also like I'm aware of like some  doesn't work with like ads.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Yeah. It just has to be like if we're doing a challenge. Yeah. It just has to be really tangible. So if it's six months, it's like, you know, I specifically designed this challenge for women who are, you know, committed to losing 20 kilos for the next six months, over the next six months. You know what mean? Because you're like cutting out a certain point of demographic to really focus on like another demographic. And that works well. If you should try and  spread yourself too wide, then it doesn't resonate with anyone.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Definitely. But yeah, we can chat about that and implement it.
Meg Tovey: But like, yeah, also happy to do a shorter thing now that I think about it because like it is a lot on the coaches to be only working with like morbidly obese women because it's obviously like emotionally a lot. So it would be nice to have a few people that were like just  followed the plan.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, we can discuss and we can chat about all the options involved. But yeah, if done well, can work really, really well. I want to personally run them every three months. Just because it's always good to throw them in there and then, yeah, but cool. All right, well, if you do have any other questions, just, yeah, let me know.
Meg Tovey: Cool, I'm going to go fix the rest of that spreadsheet. Yeah, perfect. Awesome. All right, well, enjoy the rest of there. I will chat to you soon. Thanks. Bye. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 68/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-21T09:14:09Z | id:115853987
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Arran Humphreys: I booked in, like,  a call after our call. I did a call before here, and then I've got, like, all booked in for Friday. That was all today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. Nice, yeah. Leads can be weird, man. go through periods where they go a little bit quiet. You'll find that probably with ads as well, by the way, is, like, the ads will push at certain times during the day and week. So you might go through, like, a few days where they don't push very hard.
Arran Humphreys: I love this. But then that will push really hard for a couple of days. Yeah, righto, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. So go through, is there anything, any questions or anything like that you have for me before we dive into things?
Arran Humphreys: Not really, man. Like just obviously we're just getting everything set up. I put some stuff in the check-in. But yeah, just more so just getting ready. I go, this is my last week, I got two more days at work, bro. And then I'm , then I'm full-time, which is sick. Because I've just been like, especially this week, man, like with, when we put on so many clients over the last month, normally Mondays I was like had heaps of time to do . But now it's like all check-ins all day. And I'm like, oh, . Like who is all the time?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You'll feel like you have  too much time when you hands down. So it would just be about pump content and growing the business, really.
Arran Humphreys: So. So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that should be sick. Cool, bro. Well, we'll go through your check-in form off the bat. Fix that because that's  me off. Cool, bro. So four calls taken this week total, four calls booked this week.
Arran Humphreys: Is that before or after these new bookings? Before.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what's that, like eight booked now?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, that's still solid. Like getting four calls booked organically, eight calls booked organically is  crazy.
Arran Humphreys: With non-passing following.
Kyle Musca: And again, I say like every week, man, I think that's coming down to just the consistency on your stories. I like the story you posted today, actually, where you just sort of like, it wasn't necessarily a sequence. It was just like every single tap was like a new testimonial. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I think that, yeah, that's coming along really, really  well, man.
Arran Humphreys: Well, I kind of... of... It was quite good, bro, because when I did that price increase this week for those previous clients, I sort of, before I dumped it on them, I asked them, like, how are you enjoying the coaching? And they all sent me back, like, a bit of a spiel. So now I've got  heaps of that  to be able to post.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. With them, and I wouldn't even stockpile them, unless you've got, like, crazy amounts. But I'll try and get them up and out as quick as possible.
Arran Humphreys: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Which you're really good at anyway. So I'm not going to need to really take them to do that. But, I wouldn't make the mistake of stockpiling any sort of content, to be honest.
Arran Humphreys: Like, just get it out there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Better getting out there than you just forgetting about it and never seize the  live day.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: Ads filmed over the weekend. Beautiful. How do you think they came up?
Arran Humphreys: Like, will come up? Hopefully they'll. I'll come up, good, bro. I haven't started editing yet. I was going to edit one, send it back to you, see your thoughts. If you go, that's , give it to the editor, and then I'll give it to the editor. I think that went pretty good, bro.
Kyle Musca: I'm pretty happy with it. So we'll see how they come up, and then just let me know if they're good or not. Yeah, yeah. Ron, my editor, he, I didn't know this, but he's about to have a child, apparently. So he might be a little bit busy with things. I do have another editor that should do the job decently, okay. He was my old editor, but Ron is, you know, not definitely better, but he's better.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we'll see how it goes either way. Did I, it's been a big  week. Did I write the graphics for you?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, you did. Yeah. So that's on me. That's on me a little list of things to make sure I get done this week, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. I've written a lot of  recently.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, you're right.
Kyle Musca: That's filmed at the weekend, Remping Kingdom Scale, not as many closers I would like to leave for. It slow, so yeah, that can change pretty quickly, hence why it's always good to just be ahead. That's the biggest thing with marketing I've found, man, is like it's always, always  better and easier when you're sort of ahead. And you can be proactive rather than reactive, you know what mean? Like you don't want to get to the point where, you know, you've got  no leads because you film no content and you've got nothing to really get up because it's like then you're freaking out and you're scrambling. And then by the time you get it done and, you know, edited and turned around, that, yeah, is at least a week, even if you are  really prioritizing it, right? So, always good to just be like really on the ball. You'll probably get, like ideally we want to get to this point. point. point. You'll point. You'll You'll You'll You'll probably But to a point where things are so sort of like  in motion and such a well-oiled machine that things feel really easy, that's kind of where you can get lazy and, you know, get to that period where all of a sudden things do, all your cost of conversions go up and you're like, oh, , I've got nothing to replace it here. Like, you know, I guess in a way it's a good problem to have, but, you know, it's definitely avoidable. And it's like why you've got them, it's easy to just keep momentum than it is to just, you know, have the wheel slow down. You have to kind of like put a bit of manual labor in there and  keep pushing it, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Six, add videos, eight.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, and I played around with, I played around with my content this week. Like, I found I was doing a lot of my, the ones that went viral, but then leads weren't coming through. So now, like, I was doing not as much of my sort of... Social proof talking ones. So then at the end half of this week, I did more of them and it brought in more leads.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, like that's the thing with content, like organic content, is you want your viral-driven ones and then you want your social proof, your, you know,  relationship-building ones essentially, right? The more viral you can get them, I mean, theoretically, if you, you should always do both, but like the more viral you can get them, the less social proofy ones you need to do. In saying that, if you get really viral videos and you have really good social proof videos, then you're  world zeroes through at that point, right? Yeah. Again, that's coming down to like things getting lazy and a little bit too easy, right? right. Ad script, well, posting social proof, got some leads, increased price, all clients, beautiful. So what you mentioned there as well about like asking how they've gone on the program and how they're enjoying things before asking the price, that's always a good way for anything. Whenever you're about to make an ask, don't just go for the kill of the ask, like sort of pre-frame them first and get them to sort of admit certain things before you make the ask. Just a little thing there. You filmed eight ad videos. Is that four hooks of two videos and then there's still one more film?
Arran Humphreys: So I got three videos, three of the main ones, and then like a fuckload of hooks for each of them, all the hooks that you sent me.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, so they're all filmed then.
Arran Humphreys: I just thought it was close to eight when I put it in there, but I got every single one filmed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, there should be three or four hooks, so it'd be like nine to 12. Yeah. As as they're all filmed, it should be, it was fine. Yeah. Run over sales call, had a chance. For longer plans to charge higher, paid in full, gaming plan for ads once I have them edited, just run a checklist of things to set up. Yeah, should I try to make organic content trading related or keep writing? You can definitely like go, I mean.
Arran Humphreys: Like I see, what I mean by that, bro, is I see some lads and all they post is just like the trading  in that. But I'm like, oh, I don't know if I, yeah. I feel like what I'm doing now is probably working.
Kyle Musca: I just wanted to get your opinion on it. Yeah, like, yeah. So I wouldn't sort of close this stuff off. Like, you want to niche down, don't get me wrong, but you don't want to like get to the point where you're just cutting like a large chunk of a potential audience off.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it's like men, you know, I only train men and that's a form of niching down. I only train men, you know, men who do trades. That's another form of niching down, right? So I was like, at the same time. I'm, Like, the audience is going to be attracted to you. So it's like, you don't necessarily have to make videos specifically for tradies for tradies to be attracted to you, right? So it's like, I wouldn't, like, you can throw in tradies  here and there, don't get me wrong, but I wouldn't center your entire content around that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Nah, that's all I've sort of wanted to hear. Because that is true. I've had, I've had like  four or five female clients that just randomly come through. And I was like, no, because nothing I post is, is remotely like that. was like, oh, right, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, take care.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All that's ready to go. Set up VSL and everything I need to be ready. VSL as in the post-booking course.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, like the, I've got to film that video, the Loom video. That you told me to do.
Kyle Musca: you much. Yeah, that's pretty easy. That should only take like 15 minutes or so. And then you just got the link. You don't need to edit or anything. Yeah. Struggled time this week, full time next week. Let's go. So you're going to have some, yep, 100%. Last three days of work, then it's go time. Cannot thank you enough for the support. Very excited. Yeah,  Oathman. I'm very keen to see how the ads go. Like we, if they pull through, well, they should pull through, should be a lot of growth there. So.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. And I am keen to, uh, even with like the organic content, man, like having all the extra time at home, cause I'd only have three days to sort of film the viral stuff, I guess the more, um, you know, the better quality video as opposed to just a lot of like my talking ones, which don't, they get sort of good reach, but they never gone viral for me. It seems like the cooking ones and  go all right. So now being at home a lot more, I'll be able to pump them more, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I, on that as well, man, especially with like, you know, leaving full-time, leaving, doing the, you know, minds and  to  brain cramming, to stepping into this full-time. Man, I would, in anything like that, I would always try and show appreciation to your audience, you know, and give them kind of credit. But, you know what like, whether you do like a carousel post, maybe do a story video, whatever the case may be. But just be like, you know, just show appreciation. You know, there's, I started coaching because I genuinely had a passion for helping, you people change their lives. And to be able to make this my, you know, full-time career wouldn't be possible without, without all you guys supporting me. So, you know, I appreciate it. Again, more better than that. But always show your appreciation because that builds a connection with the audience, you know what I mean? Like, if you show that you are appreciative of their support, they'll support you even more, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. No, I get you. That's a good idea, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, you know, whether it be like hitting a milestone, a following, or, you know, maybe a video goes viral or something like that, you know, you can screenshot it. You know, I appreciate you guys, show them the support, et cetera. It helps more than you know. Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah. No, I get you.
Kyle Musca: Cool. It's now 70 clients. Yeah. Beautiful. We only started at like 40 or something, didn't we?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: So, I think we, yeah, I think we only started at like maybe two, and a half grand a week or something, if not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, that's a good growth. With that, man, running the ads, I would definitely start increasing your prices just because you are pretty much at capacity. You're not desperate by any means. Yeah. yeah, I would say like you're in the territory where you're dead. Downsell option for three months, we've just got three months, could be $1,500, and your core package could be $2,000.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Don't know if I'd bring out a super high-ticket one yet. Not super high-ticket, but like a $3,000 for three-month option yet, but some of the cards. I would get the ads done right, make sure all those numbers and metrics are where we want them to be before looking at bringing that out. Probably also want to hire a coach before needing that as well. So, yeah, I would definitely increase your rates to around that sort of $1,500 for very, like, lowest ticket and $2,000 for a core.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, because I just find it  hard to get, like, the paid in full, say.
Kyle Musca: Do you ask for paid in full and also give them the option to break it down?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so in terms of, like, it's, yeah. Depends on how you ask. We'll watch that call shortly. trying to power through. But to get a paid-in-full, you just ask for the paid-in-full and just don't even offer a breakdown. And then if they have backlash on it, then it's like, oh, I can break it down. Yeah, okay. Because if you're given the option to break it down, they're always going to say, let's break it down.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: All come together. Make sure clients are happy with paying. Yeah, beautiful. Cool, man. Okay, so, quickly, I reckon what we do is we quickly just make sure that everything with the ads is set up and ready to go.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, I'll show my screen and then we'll have that sales call done. So, if you want have that up and ready to go. Do you have the link to the sales call?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I'll see if I can bring it up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you can share my mind so I can, like, manage pausing and stuff.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, watching it back, but it's pretty obvious. So, I was just, like, rambling on at the end. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, oh, I can't. I just did have a call with this older fella then.
Kyle Musca: So on this, by the way, you'll have to log in and refresh permissions.
Arran Humphreys: And then issue in general. Yeah, so you have to log in settings, Instagram. Oh, that's because I had to change my  password today because it said somebody was trying to log in to my Instagram.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, so, yeah. If this ever happens, by the way, for whatever reason, sometimes data when pulled through, whatever the case may be, if I tell you to refresh permissions, just come into settings, Instagram, scroll down to bottom, and then refresh.
Arran Humphreys: Pretty simple. Okay, yeah, yeah. I'm just doing that now, man.
Kyle Musca: Have you gone through this one?
Arran Humphreys: Is that that video you sent me yesterday? Yeah. No, I haven't gone through that yet. Yeah, that was on today's cards, bro, after our call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that shouldn't take too long. All right.-hmm. See how you go. Keep a real close eye on it. If you're getting a lot of young people, like under 18 or under 21, message through, let me know. We'll add another qualifier in here for age. But ideally, less friction, the better to start with.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. So, like, the less questions we have to ask, the better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So every single, like, touch point is another level of friction. So essentially, it's about kind of, like, opening and tightening the nozzle to get flow come through, right? So, you know, if we're getting – so every single time they have to click on one of these buttons or every single time we have to go back and forth in compensation, like I ask a question, they reply, it's a level of friction, right? So every single time it has to be calculated, because if you're adding unnecessary friction in, every time you add friction, you increase the risk of drop-off, right? Yeah. But friction helps you qualify more. So it's like if you're getting, you know, you're getting 50  calls a week, sounds great on paper, but if they're all really   leads, you're just wasting a ton of time, right? So it's like, all right, let's add friction, qualify, maybe we only get 25 calls, but if those 25 calls are more qualified and likely buy, then it's like we're saving time, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So that should be pretty straightforward there. Yeah, just gets you to reword that. Have you reworded the DM script?
Arran Humphreys: I have a start on it.
Kyle Musca: I'm not finished yet, bro.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. All pretty much, bro. I haven't had  all time to get it all done. That's what I was saying. Now I'm going to be able to get it done. Yeah. Really get everything ready to go, man.
Kyle Musca: You've spoken to Clemé about getting her ready to start?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, ready to start. Yeah. And I said like two weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank Yeah, perfect. Cool.
Arran Humphreys: I just did that mini chat, so it should work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, I look like have access to all this stuff, so let's double check. Yes. Yes.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I was  around with that.
Kyle Musca: I wasn't sure if I did it right, so is that all set up right? Yeah, that's, as long as I have the permissions here anyway, like I can just add myself to certain things if need be. Yeah. That all looks good to me.
Arran Humphreys: You've set up payment details? Yeah, I think I put my card in there.
Kyle Musca: I think it said it. I'm ready to go. Yeah. Perfect. Just keep an eye on this because usually when it's a new account, ideally you haven't had any backlash on yours. Sometimes it's like setting up a meta-account and can just not like the user or person and makes it  extremely difficult.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, bro. I was  around for hours, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: I mean, the fact that you didn't have to try and get on to support and stuff. Um, here's the win because you get no, uh, meta has the worst  sport you've ever experienced. So, um, so with this, cause it's a new account, the threshold for payments will be really low. Okay. So your card keep, I'll keep an eye on it, but, um, keep an eye on it. Cause sometimes again, your card, like with small payments like that, your bank can pick it up as like fraudulent, um, like, you know, block payments and  like that. That's not that difficult. You just have to call And so just like let it go through. The other thing with it being a new account is see what we get away with. Most of the stuff or all of the stuff we've got should be fine, but it can like try and, you know, reject ads and  like that because it's very sensitive about a new account and you don't have heaps of trust for the year.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Should be fine. We'll see. Okay, cool. Cool. So that's all that stuff, man. Yeah. So all we're waiting on there is just, yeah, just for you to reword, manage chat, the scripts. And yeah, that's pretty much it, man. And then once the videos are edited and the graphics are done, I'll get the campaigns all built out for you.
Arran Humphreys: And what I was going to ask, so with the, like that video, like the, that I'll make on the Zoom, is that something that I'll just get the setters to sort of send to them once they book in or is that an automatic? then what was Thank That's sent to them.
Kyle Musca: No, so you add that in your actual script when you reword it.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, yeah. And then like send this, send this to yourself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you'll see here. PS, give this video a quick case.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Any questions on any of that stuff, man?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, bro, nah, that's all pretty straightforward. I'm just going to get it done this week now, and then we can start going from there.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect, man. Yeah, do you have the link for that call?
Arran Humphreys: We'll power through that. Yep. I'll send it through to you. Oh, actually, what's going on here? Sorry, bro.
Kyle Musca: No, you're good. I've just been on call since like 11 this morning.
Arran Humphreys: Really? Are you still in time, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. You guys will have to come over here. Did you miss her ever, Joel?
Arran Humphreys: My missus? Yeah, she's a real estate agent, but she's gone for pretty good coaching, like she's slowly getting there, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice, man. Yeah, if you can get her online, that's what I missus.
Arran Humphreys: was like an in-person coach. I was like, all right, I'll just throw your  out.
Kyle Musca: Let's go, Joel.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, just where the hell is it?
Kyle Musca: Crazy. It's actually like a lot more affordable to like live over here.
Arran Humphreys: You live like a bit of a king here, I'm not going to lie. Well, there's actually like a Bali deal, bro. It's like 550 bucks in February, so I'm just thinking about just cruising over there for a week. I'm just  going over there on my own.
Kyle Musca: been to Bali?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, a few times. It's a bit like, I like Uluwatu. I like Uluwatu, not Kangoo, and that's a bit dirty.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I  hate Bali, man. But if you like Bali, you'll love Thailand. It's just cleaner.
Arran Humphreys: It's more affordable because it hasn't been so westernized.
Kyle Musca: Oh, is it? Yeah, yeah, like, man, you can get a Pad Thai. Like, if go to the markets here, man, you can get a Pad Thai for, like, $2.50. It's, like, a proper, authentic  Pad Thai. Or, like, you can get a massage, like, if you want to go cheap route, can get a massage for, like, $15, $20 for, like, a full hour-long massage. No. If you go, like, the premium options, which are, like, there's one we went to the other day. had, like, over 1,000 or 2,000 five-star reviews. And it was, like, $30 or something per person. You can't. Yeah. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: So, it's, like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Um, and we're looking at, yeah, Airbnbs and . Cause we, I mean, depending on what you want to do, it won't take too long, but like , if don't have car repayments and like insurances and  everything else, know, paying tax and everything, it's like, well, I might as well just spend a bit more on accommodation. Yeah. Man, you can get some  crazy places.
Arran Humphreys: Um. Yeah, well, that's, I don't have any like expenses or anything, man. Cause I, I knew this is what I wanted to do. I always knew that I didn't want to, uh, like stay working in the mines and eventually would want to work on my own.
Kyle Musca: So I didn't want to be like tied into a heap of debt. Yeah. Yeah. That's the way to go. I was like that as well. Definitely pays off. Um, and you'll get to a point as well. Like I kind of just naturally stepped into it when I wanted to travel, but, um, you'll definitely get to a point where it's always good to, you know, you're always focused on adding more into the business. Sometimes the much easier and more profitable route is just to take a step back and be like, okay, what can I just. It's  remove what is not necessary here.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you'd be surprised at how much time and money you actually end up saving if you do that after you've done enough to the business. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you go.
Arran Humphreys: No, it's just, it's pretty , it's pretty surreal, bro. At the start of the last year, was literally just saying to people, I just want to replace what I make at work and I'll be happy.
Kyle Musca: And then we're , we're well past that and I'm like, oh, I can't, I want to get 50k marks going again. Yeah. No, we'll get there, man, for sure. All right. Where in this is, do you start the objection?
Arran Humphreys: Pretty far down. Maybe like the last 10 odd minutes, maybe.
Kyle Musca: I'm trying to go at the same time. I'm I just blew my gun at trying to play, put some more money into that and get it running back.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that would have been in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Big pain and so forth. I want to hear the full close.
Arran Humphreys: You're  yapped on way too much, bro.
Kyle Musca: So what I do do that for, bro, is I normally do it for $1,500, so $500 a month.
Arran Humphreys: I already knew he didn't have much money, so I just down-sounded to $1,200 straight away.
Kyle Musca: All the plans are 12-week minimum term, so that's three-month lock-in. know it's at 12 weeks if we dial in. I'd avoid that terminology as well. A lot of things, I've got a top budget I've got to fit in, you know? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, absolutely. I'd also just be cautious about taking calls with your shirt off. I used to do it too.
Arran Humphreys: But if you get an insecure guy or if you get an alpha male or certain types of buyers, they'll get a bit iffy about that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Again, organic is not as big of a problem, but if you get some  35-year-old dude that comes off and has never seen you before and you jump on with a shirt on, it off.
Arran Humphreys: He's just going to be like, oh, you're ...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But, yeah, man, I used to be pretty loose with my calls or taking full  shirtless at the beach and . You know, pricing-wise and stuff, man, we sort of can always work it out and we sort of, at the end of the day, bro, we want make it work for you and I want to put your shoes up. You know, it's very one-on-one and personalised, so I do sort of have to give you boys the time you deserve and charge certain prices. But what's sort of, like, your budget range of looking, man? You're doing for confidence and, you know, saving time because at the end of the day, all have to do is show up, get it done. You know exactly what you're doing is actually going to be getting you a result. Do you feel like that's something that, you you're looking for, man? Yeah, that's I'm looking for. My main concern is, like, not that I don't want to have a personal coach, it's just more money side of things. Thank you. I've got like a top budget I've to fit in, you know? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, absolutely. So, you know, pricing-wise and stuff, man, we sort of can always work it out and we sort of, at the end of the day, we want to make it work for you. Yeah, so what I would say there is just simply like, okay, yeah, no, completely, yeah, makes sense, man. At the end of the day, like, last thing I want to do is put you out. Like, pricing aside, man, so far, with everything we've spoken about, is the program, you know, does it sound like it's, you know, kind of what you were looking for, though? Yeah. You just reframe straight back onto the value of the program. Yeah. Because don't even have price to defend yet. You haven't put price out there, so there's no need to defend it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Well, you know, here's very one of mine. You should never defend price, but anyway. have to give your voice the time you deserve.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, you'll see what I did. Like, I sort of over-explained myself and then just made me seem like I was  just trying to, like, get the sale.
Kyle Musca: You'll see what I mean. Yeah. What's sort of like your budget range? I was looking around $60 to $80 a week, preferably, but... Yeah, okay, great. No, no, no, that's fine, isn't it? So I wouldn't ask their budget, just because now he's anchored it low.
Arran Humphreys: He's anchored it, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. We've got all sorts of plans. So I'll run you through, bro. I'll run you through what we do and what the plans are. So all the plans are 12-week minimum return. So I'd avoid this terminology. So terminology is really important. So, you know, 12-week minimum terms, lock-in, as you say here. Three-month lock-in. That's, you know, red flag. That's very guard-raising, you know what I mean? You just say, you know, package is three months for $1,200. Yeah, okay. Because that implies everything you just said there. I don't say it's 12-month. I don't say it's a 12-week or three-month program that you can cancel after  four weeks. I know, bro, in the next 12 weeks, if we dial it in, we can completely try and change the way you look. Yep. Up to you, man. If you want to stay on after, if you learn enough in the three months, completely up to you, bro, okay?
Arran Humphreys: That's fine. The reason I started saying that  was because people would try and cancel early, and they're like, oh, I didn't know about the  three-month term. And I was like, well, it's in the contract.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the way I combat that is just like, well, mate, I make it very clear at the start, you know, three months for $1,200. Yeah. I don't, again, you can just say that because it makes them sound like an idiot, but I don't say that because, you know, I don't say that so you can start for two weeks and then cancel, man. Like, that is the, I make it very clear about the program duration and price from the very start. Yeah, okay, yep. I have some big bodybuilding shows. They do the full three months, so it's two and a half during it. That's nothing that you need, okay? Now, So even with that wording there, because you're trying to anchor high, full bodybuilding shows everything like that, man. If we're going look at something like that, it'd come out to be about $2,500, not $2,500. We don't want to download this. We want to emphasize it.
Arran Humphreys: $2,500. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: But you do need the full one-on-one that support the guidance because as you are just starting in, you know, you'll have questions and I want to help you. So you can actually have the confidence what you need to do, you know? So what I do do that for, bro, is I normally do it for $1,500, so $500 a month, okay? Yeah. But being January, I've been doing like a January, you know, start of the year, I am actually praising people for like,  yeah, I'm going to make a change this year. So we've dropped that from $1,500 to $1,200. So that works that out. That's about $400 a month. Now, some lads do just go,  it, let's just do the top. So you said $400 a month, so you're already implying a repayment plan here. Yeah. What I And then you said you dropped your price. So you never offer discounts, right? Discounts come across as a cheaper service. If you wanted to add more value, like, so you don't discount the price, you add more value. So what you can do there is, like, add extras on if you wanted to, to make the value seem higher, right? So basically, that's the price-to-value discrepancy, right? And this only really applies to you discounted without any reason, which is a big no-no. Discounting in general is a big no-no. But let's say it was, $1,500 is too expensive. And you're, like, okay, well, I've been running an offer of $1,200 because, you know, January and everything like that. They will, one, they'll get pissed off because they're, like, well, if that's a price option, why didn't you offer that? So if you are to ever drop prices or change prices or whatever, you have to justify it. So, for example, going from a $1,500 to Fill a package. Fill To a $1,200 package isn't a discount. Look, man, what we could do is we could remove X, Y, Z, and that would bring it right down as $1,200.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You have to justify with it. You could even say, like, look, man, you know, I can see you kind of... And there's different ways you can play around with what you're removing. You can remove the guarantee if you want. Look, man, to be honest, man, I find that guys aren't willing to invest that $1,500 into them usually tend to be a little bit less serious. I do understand that, you know, it is, you know, within, you know, it seems like it's just a finance issue at the moment stopping you from taking that next step. So, look, what I could do is I don't typically take guys on like this, but, man, I'll do a solid. I'll remove the guarantee just because, again, guys that aren't willing to invest that into themselves usually are less committed. I'm really confident in their ability to follow the plan. But, look, I'll remove the guarantee. It allows me to bring it down to $1,200 for you, and that makes it a little bit more affordable to get started. Sound good? Yeah. That was just an example. don't have to remove the guarantee, but I'm just saying, like, you can remove certain things like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. No, that makes heaps more sense, man.
Kyle Musca: Or you could add something on and be like, cool, man. Because, for example, you know, let's say you go from $1,500 to $1,200, right? You're removing $300. You could be like, instead of going down to $1,200, you're like, cool, man. Look, man, I'll do your solid. Because it's January, you I really want to see, you know, help guys make this year their best year ever. Yeah, I'll do you one, man. If you join for three months on the $1,500, what I'll do, man, is I'll extend the whole program by a whole extra month and give you a whole month of coaching absolutely free. So, for the price of three months, man, you'll get four months of coaching.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. And the price. Do think that's worth it?
Kyle Musca: I mean, if it's worth it to you, like that's the thing. It has to be worth it to you. Because realistically, if you're going to charge, I mean, you're only really losing $100 there if you do $1,500, right? Because you're charging $400 for $1,200. So $4, $8, $12 is the $400 a month. Technically, if you did four months, it would have been $1,600. So you're only really shaving off $100 off the top.
Arran Humphreys: $100 off the top, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Five weeks, let's just pay the $1,200. That is completely up to you. I wouldn't use the word pay. I would say cover. Just to cover the $1,200. We can do. It is preferred to do that, bro. Or we could do monthly payments, so $400. Yeah, see how you offer the paid in full and the monthly option? They're never going to take the monthly option. So just say it, and you're saying it a little bit not confident. By the way, like, you have to kind of be, like, nonchalant. You're like, cool, man. So, yeah, based off everything you've told me, man, like, I got my top-tier package, you know, it's 2,500. It's really for guys that are looking to compete and jump on stage and everything. I don't think that's going to suit you, so we'll just move on. That brings me to my core package, man, or whatever you call it, core package, whatever you call it. And, you it's still very comprehensive, man. Everything I do is focused on quality, all right? I don't just, you know, do cheap,  stuff and try and take on as many people as possible. I want to work with the right guys for the right reasons who are actually serious about making a change, right? So, if we were to look at that, man, it comes with X, Y, Z. And that brings it from 2,500 right down to just 1,500, man. With that, there is one spot left available for it. And, man, I stand behind everything I say. So, if you were to sign up today, follow the game plan and not achieve a result you're absolutely stoked with. Not only will I give you a full refund, man, I'll swing you $500 cash your way.
Arran Humphreys: Just for wasting your time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You you say confidently nonchalant, you back it up with a guarantee, you know, you're good to go.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? Because right now, you've gone from your highest tier package down to your lowest tier package before he's even said no.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And you've offered to break it down. Whereas, like, each one of those touch points could have been a point of negotiation to get him to eventually get to that 1,200. Yeah. Eventually, 400 a month after that.
Arran Humphreys: And break it down, step by step.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, what's that sound like, bro? At the end of the day, man, you know, I want to try and make it work for you. So, we'll see what he answers here for a second. One word I like to do after that is after presenting two options, don't say, what's that sound like to you or, you know, did any of them stand out to you? Don't say any of that. Just be like, which one of those sort of jumped out at you, man? So, it's an A, B option.
Arran Humphreys: It's not a yes, no option. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, look, definitely something I have to think on, like, more money-wise. Definitely keen on, like, getting in there and get it done. But I don't like, you know, just sort of the budget and whatnot, you know? Yeah, yeah. Oh, man, absolutely. And at the end of the day, bro, you know, like I say, I don't ever want to put you boys in a  spot at all. I do just always like to ask, man, like, what do you, like, what is more sort of valuable to you, bro? You know, actually investing and making that change. You know, you said sort of if you put it off for a bit longer, you'd probably be in the same spot in three months' time. You know, that initial sort of 400-a-month investment, you know, $1,200 could be a sort of a life-changing investment that you've learned a skill, and you can go carry it on. You know, I'd really like to just put that in perspective, bro. Like, time for value, it's like, , if you're going to try and... So you're probably two or three objection cycles too forward here. So the first thing is, he said, I need to think about it. It comes down to... More financials. We said something about finances. So in this case, like, it's pretty clear that it is going to be a financial objection.
Arran Humphreys: We just need to isolate the objection.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah, okay. Yeah, completely understand that. You know, at the end of the day, it is a pretty big decision. Like, it could, you know, very well, if you see this through, be a life-changing decision. I guess just so we're on the same page, man. You know, I guess what, because he didn't just say, I need to think about it. He said, I need finances. If he just said, I need to think about it, I would say, first say, how long do you feel like you need to think about Cool. Establish your time. Sweet. And then, and then I would come back to this. You know, just so I'm on the same page with you, man. What was it, you know, exactly? I'm sure you'll have, you know, some questions for me. What was it that you, you know, kind of wanted to run over in your mind? Oh, I just need to make sure it fits within the budget. Oh, okay. Got you, man. So, yeah, again, just so we're on the same page, man. It sounds like it's, you know, is the program something you actually want to do? And it's just sort of finances that are Stopping you from taking that sort of step. Yeah. Yeah. Cool, man. We've identified that it is now a financial rejection, right? Cool, bro. And now we need to reframe, right? We need to get the thought process off the price and on the value of the change. Cool, man. And sweet. Okay. Okay. So, and just out of curiosity, man, like with everything that we've sort of spoken about today, you know, from a scale of one to 10 with, you know, 10 being this program is exactly what you're looking for, You know, you're confident that if you follow this program, it will change your life and you will get the results that you're looking for. And one being, you know, I'm just a complete  dickhead. I've missed the mark. And it's just not what you're looking for at all, man. Where are we sort of sitting on that sort of spectrum? Oh, you know, it's a seven, eight, nine. Okay. Sick, man. Well, mean, like, you know, seven's pretty high. I guess, you know, why isn't it lower? Oh, man. I just like really like all the customization. And then, like, you I love the accountability and, like, I think that's, you know, going to be a big fact, whatever the  they say. Okay, gotcha, man. And I guess, like, what do we need to, what would you like to see in it to get it to a 10? Oh, and they'll probably usually say, like, maybe price or, you know, I don't know, you know, whatever. Okay, so we're sitting at a 10 then. pretty perfect for you, right? Okay, cool. So, man. Okay, so, yeah. Yeah, so, again, from the sounds of man, it seems like program is something that you want to do. So, we've had to establish that the program is something that they actually want to do before we objection handle, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, yeah, sounds like, you know, the program is something you want to do, man. And it just, you it seems like you just want to make sure that it fits within the finances before you sort of make that decision. Does that sound right? Yeah, cool. Okay, gotcha, man. Look, at the end of the day, bro, like, the last thing I want to do, and I appreciate you being honest with me, man, because at the end of the day, like, the last thing, you know, I want to do is, you know, put you out and you're on the  streets begging for money. Right? Right? Aha, right? So look, what we could do, man, is if it is just sort of finances and everything like that that's sort of preventing you from taking that step, I do work with sort of the billing company, man. It kind of works like an afterpay. What we could do is just helps break it down so it's a lot easier in cash flow. That'd be a little bit more sort of, you know, realistic for you to get started. Yeah, cool, man. Okay, well, let me have a look at what we could do. Beep, boop, beep. You know, I mean,  sometimes if I will actually do this, they won't see this, but I'll do this so it looks like I'm pulling  up. Cool, man.
Arran Humphreys: So.
Kyle Musca: Okay, sick, man. Just looking at their breakdowns at the moment. Okay, sick. So, look, bro, what we could do is, because you're not confident that you'll sell them on this $1,500, so what we could do, bro, is, okay, yeah, sweet. So if you wanted to, so we could cover $1,100 today, man. And then again, it's a three-month program. We won't officially start till Monday. So you'll technically get this week for free. And then in a month after that, so basically like five weeks from now, so ages away, it would just be $200 a month from that point onwards. Spencer, super, super easy on cashflow. Would that make it a little bit more reasonable? Oh, I don't have $1,100. Okay, gotcha. No worries. Right? All right, sweet. So, and then you could go into another objection cycle. So technically, you shouldn't just drop the price straight then there. Okay, gotcha, man. Gotcha. And let's say you go into an objection cycle and be like, it's a little bit tricky here because he's kind of logistically said that he can't afford it. It's not a fear-based thing from the sounds of it.
Arran Humphreys: Right?
Kyle Musca: Kind of depends on what you spoke about in the call.
Arran Humphreys: Was he going out and getting  based on them? No, well, he did say in the pool, he... Did say, don't know if it's after later, or I do have the money. So then I was like, well, you're talking  then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And yeah. Okay. So in that case, I'd be like, okay. And then just, you know, again, like just so I'm on the same page and everything, like at the end of the day, I'd love to just sit down on the same side of the table and see if we can work out, you know, something that actually sort of makes sense for you, right? So you can make the best decision. Is it, is it a matter of like, you do have the funds available and you just don't see the value in the program? Or is it more so that you like, you just physically don't have the funds available? Oh, I don't have the funds available or something like that. Okay. And, you know, again, man, just so we're, you know, completely out in the air with everything. And early in the call, you said that you did have sort of funds set aside for this man. Is that, you know, sort of. You know, playing a factor in here, like where are we sort of sitting in regards to that?
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like trying to get, because it's a logistical answer here, but you have to be really cautious about how you ask it, because you can't just be like, how much  money do you have in your bank account?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, that's why I kind of always put that sort of skeptical tone on it, like where are we sort of, you know, sitting with things there, man? Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Okay, cool, man. So, and again, depends if you want to keep going into the drop sale or, cool. Look, man, to be honest, I probably shouldn't be doing this, simply because it's not technically a spot open for it, bro. But, you know, from the sounds of things, you are sort of serious about making a change, and I don't want finances to be the thing that sort of holds you back. So, man, I do have a silver option. It's not, again, it's not technically a spot open for it, but I think I have someone finished. finishing, like, mid to end next week, I believe. So, I could slot you in. to take that spot. If you wanted to have a look at that, bro, that would bring it from $1,500 right down to just $1,200 for the entire three months, man. There's no additional charges or fees or anything like that on top, right? Would that make it a bit more reasonable for you? Yeah, cool. No. Sweet. Gotcha. And then, again, you just keep objection cycling. And then that's because we've objection cycled a few times. That's when you kind of start to get a little bit more direct, right? Like, okay. I guess, yeah, at the end of the day, man, like, you know, realistically, you're going to end up paying this one way or another, right? You can choose to sort of pay with it, you know, cover this with sort of finances and the funds that you actually have available to get this problem solved. And then, you know, not only get the result you're looking for, but, you know, gain the skills and the knowledge you need to never struggle with this issue again. Or you can choose to pay for it with all the time, the energy, and the effort you're going to put in trying to figure this out. Next couple of months and, you know, potentially even years of just trying to do trial and error, which to be honest, at the end of the day, man, like if you're including supplements and, you know, accessories and memberships and  courses and everything like that involved in that process, trying to figure it out, man, realistically, you're probably going to spend a lot more than $1,200 on this, right? Does that make sense? Yeah, cool. So, look, bro, what we could do is, you know, instead of just doing $1,200, which I understand, you know, is a relatively large chunk of money, we could, other billing companies, as I said, break it down into smaller payments. If you want to look at something like that, man, super easy. We could just go straight under $400 a month and that makes it extremely easy in cash flow, right? Would that be a bit more reasonable for you to get started? Yes, no, gotcha. And again, man, just so I'm on the same page with you, like, are you sort of like, is this more of a, you know, Fear of failure kind of decision you're making? Or is it that you physically just do not have $400 in your account?
Arran Humphreys: I guess.
Kyle Musca: Just sometimes, if it's a logistical thing, again, be careful about how you ask it. But if it's a logistical thing, you kind of just got to grab the  bull by the horns. You know what mean? Like, yeah. And if he's like, I don't have $400 in account, like, okay, well, man, I'd love to sit, you know, I'd love to see if we can make this work for you. And again, man, like, if it's just not going to work, if it's not going to be realistic, yeah, that's life at the end of the day. Give them out. Yeah. I guess, man, like, well, let's break it down, man. Like, well, you know, you're working 40 hours a week, if he said that. Or, like, how many hours a week are you working? I'm working 40 hours a week. Okay, cool. And I guess, like, oh, man, I guess, like, where does the majority of your money sort of go on that? Like, where are sort of putting it towards?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So everything like that, yeah. Yeah. Like, cool, man. You drink it all? Yeah. How much money you spend on beers? How much money you spend on takeout? How much money you spend on Uber Eats? You smoke? How much money you spend on cigarettes? You're getting on the bags? How much money you spend on the bags? At the end of the day, man, like, it's always important to remember that, like, we vote today with our time, our energy, and our resources with the person that we want to become tomorrow, right? So, I mean, you can keep going and getting on the piss, and you can keep going and getting on the bags, and you can keep, you know,  eating like  and feeling like . But, like, when you wake up in six months' time, and you imagine yourself in six months' time, who do you think is going to be the better version of you? The guy that keeps doing that, or the guy that decides to take accountability and start investing his time, his energy, and his resources into something that's actually going to improve his life? In six months' time, and who do you think is going to, you know, be the better version of you based on the decision you made today?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's pretty good, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, oh, probably the one that invests in himself. Okay. So I guess, what decisions do you want to make, man?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Keep watching.
Kyle Musca: We get, you know, 12 weeks, you know, try and figure it out. But if you could just have that initial support straight away, you know, bro, your client's valued at more than that, you know, if you're spending an hour a day in the gym. Yeah. So at the end of the day, man, I definitely do want to try and help you out and get you on board. What is sort of, is it something that you definitely can't afford, like, or is it just something that you're like, it's a bit much to invest? Oh, it's definitely not that I can't afford it, but I've got a patrol I'm trying to be all at the same time. Like, I just blew the motor on it, trying to put some more money into that and get it running. So right there. Yeah, completely good, man. And then I guess what's more important here, like, is it. Like, You know, continuously spend  thousands of dollars on this, on this patrol that the motor's just blown up that, you know, you probably won't have in five, 10 years time, or is it, you know, dedicating a fraction of the costs that are involved in that into yourself? Because you've only got one body, man, this is going to last you the rest of your life. Yeah. what's more, what's more of a, what's a better investment to you, would you say?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I definitely want to do it, but I was going have to think about it. Yeah, man, yeah. And hey, that's fine, absolutely, you know, it's a big decision at the end of the day, bro. But what I do say to the lads is being, you know, obviously I have, I've only got three spots for me, so I've got another. The other thing about what I said before there was like, you know, I shouldn't technically offer you this package, it's technically full. Works really well in this situation, because it's like, yeah, I completely understand that, man. To be honest, as I mentioned, bro, there's not really a spot open for that package, and like there never really is, because what will happen is I'll get on a call like this and someone will just take it. And so, yeah, you're welcome to think. Thank about it, man. But to be honest, I very much doubt, like I've got five calls for the rest of the week, man. I very much doubt that's going to be available by the end of, you know, even tomorrow.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The team. Now, and being that January price, so we sort of have to lock it in while we're on the phone. Otherwise, we sort of, that's that price gone. Now, for you, bro, I really do believe you're in a  good spot to make a change. As we did say, it is sort of a vital time. You know, you said you sort of realized you're sick of being in the same spot you are today. You know, you want to make that change. want to make that difference. I do want to actually help you out as, know, coaching hard on, bro, at the end of the day. I can still care about you boys. So, I do believe it is a  investment that you get back. And the way I like to frame it for the lads, if we put it in perspective, right, 400 a month is $100 a week. A lot of the boys, when they do start out with me, man, they sort of do a bit of a lifestyle shift. So, you know, whether they smack in two zinger boxes a week, you know, there's 50 bucks there, you know, a lot of the lads. Getting on the piss every single weekend, you know, sometimes they go and reduce the amount of times to get on the piss, you know, 400 bucks adds up very quickly. I would just shift it to, you know, breaking it down for his actual payments, you know, by like, how many times he's gone out, you know.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I actually see if he's doing those things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, but ask him, like, how many times are getting takeout a week, man? Yeah, you get on the piss, how many times, like, how much are you drinking throughout the week?
Arran Humphreys: Gotcha. And then I guess it's not me just, like, kind of banging him as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he's asking, you I mean, he's admitting to the expenses that he's paying. Gotcha. Yeah. Man, how much money have you dumped into the patrol so far?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You what mean? What do you think is going to get more  at the end of the day, bro? Are   1980s patrol or are you having a six pack? Like, get a dirt bike, you  .
Arran Humphreys: No.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So they do find, they actually probably save that when they're just taking care of it because, you know, you're buying exactly what you need, no more, you're like, oh, I feel like I just went too long. Yeah. So it's always good. Like, if you feel like you're talking too long, you are. It's just like,  ask questions, shut up, let them talk.
Arran Humphreys: Ask questions, shut up, let them talk.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Feeling better. Because when you go on these long tangents and stuff as well, people's brains will switch off. Like, after, like, three consecutive sentences, they just start going off on their own  thought process. Yeah. And I'll have the same amount of money, you know, because you're not waiting on  single boxes, you know. But, yeah, man, like, I would really, I do think, man, you are in a spot. I do sort of, with my coaching hat on, obviously, bro, I hear a lot of, I have, like, ten calls a day. Whenever a lad sort of says, I'll think about it, man, it generally means it's not sort of, that's not going to. I'll be real. Okay, I forgot saying I have 10 calls a day.
Arran Humphreys: I just, that was the first time I ever said something like that.
Kyle Musca: was just grasping it. Yeah, I would say I've done like hundreds of these calls or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Calls or some. Yeah, because if I sense that you've, you know, stretched the truth or lying about something, it's like after that, it's game over. Go ahead.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is it more so, bro, so like put in this, is it like a money thing or is it more so, are you not confident that you'll be able to get what you want? Out of it, man. Oh, definitely more of a money thing. Like I have the confidence that I'll be able to get it done. But yeah, just money's like, So a simple question here is like, okay. And I guess for you, man, you know, building your dream physique, being more confident in your body, being more confident to take your shirt off the beach, whatever you  said before. And having the skills, man, so you can continue this with the rest of your life and continue progressing on your own. Man, do you feel like that investment is worth? morealaiseksi and Please To Just $1,200. Yeah. Supertire, I've got a fair bit of bills to pay, car loans to pay my back, whatnot. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, and that's... And even with the thing I need to think about, you know, as you said, bro, it sounds like you're putting a lot into the patrol. You've got a couple of loans there and everything like that. Do you think that the decision-making process that you've made up until this point has been the decision-making process that is going to get you closer to the person you want to become or further away? Or, yeah, probably further away. Because you wouldn't be in that position if I  brought them closer, right? Right. Okay. So I guess, man, if you go away and think about it, which inherently means that you're going to continue making decisions based off the same process, do you think that that extra time thinking about it is going to lead you to the decision that's going to, again, move you closer to the person you want to become tomorrow or further away? Okay. Okay. So I guess what decision do you feel like you should make right now so when you go to bed tonight, you know that you have put yourself in the best possible position to become the best possible version of yourself?
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know, I do, and I do like to put it in perspective, man, like, I'm that confident that I do know that in those 12 weeks, if you follow the plan, you do everything, you'll get results. But say you followed everything, man, I guarantee to you that we'll get results if you follow the processes. After that 12 weeks, if you didn't get what you wanted, and you did do all the processes, you know, I fully refund you that money. So it's like a no-brainer sort of investment for you. It's like, , you know, I'm going to invest this money. If it doesn't work, I'll get it back anyway, you know, because I am that confident in what I do that will actually change your voice, like, life's all good, you know? Yeah. You understand that. But, yeah, man, like I said, Ro, I do have a lot of calls with lads, generally, you know, when we do say, I'll think about it. So we don't really vote back on it. And I do want to actually lock you in on that 1,200 plan so you don't have to pay more. End of the day, bro, I would like to charge cheaper, but being such a one-on-one service, I need to, you know.
Arran Humphreys: Would you say that, lock you in?
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
Arran Humphreys: Would you say that, lock you in?
Kyle Musca: No, I would never say lock you in.
Arran Humphreys: What would you say, like, get you on the I'd like to get the ball rolling today. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Just always use non-commitment terminology.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man, it's like, you can get a, you you just like  go on a Macca's, you get a  Macca's meal for cheap, or you go to a nice restaurant, you get good service. You know, you pay the extra money to get a  premium service, you know. Yeah, yeah, I understand. But, you know, like, if you put it that way, bro, like, if you generally. The other issue here I'm seeing is you're not re-asking the ask. You kind of say what you say, and then you don't actually finish it off with an ask.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Oh,  off. I know how to get anything out of the kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think it's because you're probably like talking a little bit.
Arran Humphreys: You're trying to defend yourself a little bit too much. Yeah, that's what I picked up on as well.
Kyle Musca: But it's always really important to re-ask the ask. So after you say something, it's just like, cool, man, where did you want to go from here?
Arran Humphreys: How did you want to proceed?
Kyle Musca: All right, man, what do you feel like the next steps you should make? Whatever, it depends on what you just said. But, I mean, based off all that, man, you know, I guess what decision do you feel like you need?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so I'm not just keep on, I'm not objection handling in case I just  converted on them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I mean, like if you don't re-ask, you don't close the loop.
Arran Humphreys: They're not going to be like, oh, yeah, here's my  card. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, you've got to close the loop.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We do believe you will get the results that you were wanting. You know, if you imagine yourself with that extra seven, eight kilo in three months time, do you feel like that is worth the investment? Yeah, it doesn't feel like it's worth a pencil, yeah. So what do you feel like is actually holding you back from? Yeah, I'm not sure. I don't know what's holding you back, but... Whenever they say something like that, like, man, you said you kind of struggle with, you know, accountability and, you know, consistency and stuff before. Do you feel like you're sort of, I guess, shying away from that now because just saying I need to think about it and pushing it down the road is the easier decision rather than, you know, actually having to make a decision to change? Yeah, okay. So I guess what decision do you feel like you should make right now in order to put yourself in the best possible position to gain that six, seven, eight kilos? And finally, you know, be common in physique. Man, because normally when it is, you know, when you've got that resistance, it's a bit of, like, hesitancy of can I actually do it? You know, it's a bit of self-doubt. And now, you know, right? Bean. I definitely help lads out. what I do. That self-doubt comes from like, it's a bit of a brand new world or something you haven't done before. And you're like, oh, , man. It's a bit of money to jump into it. But being in the point where you are today, man, I think young lad, bro, you know, you're ready to give it a track. You work hard. I genuinely believe, man, when we give you the guidance you need, you sort of will make that investment and you'll never look back, you know? Yep. So, yeah, man. See how there was no ask? What he just says, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: want to pull the trigger and just  get going or what? Well, I'll let you know tomorrow, bro. See how there.
Arran Humphreys: That's me giving up. I'm like,  this . Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. At that point, there's not too much you can sort of do to swing around. The biggest point is just they have to say it. You can never say, even if you know for an absolute fact something's true, you can't say it. That you have to say it. See? Just ask the question to get them to say, yeah. Yeah. Because there was definitely points in there. He admitted that he spent  quite a lot on his patrol already. That's certainly more than $1,200. You know, he's got the funds to invest into it. He admitted that. He admitted that, you know, if he did this in Gain and got the goal he was looking for, he admitted that it would be worth it. Yeah. So it's like, if you can just get him to consistently, you know, make those admissions and then re-ask, it's like, it gets to a point where it's like, you're a bit of an idiot after you've said all that and then not move forward with it.
Arran Humphreys: You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: So. feel that helped a lot, but man, I feel like it could sit. I mean, a lot of, man, most of my calls, I have not, I have not had to objection handle that hard. That's why I thought it was. That's one to go through. And that's why I was a bit like, wow. Because normally I can do it after the first one and then they sell.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, yeah, with calls through ads, you'll get used to a check out a little more. But it is a matter of just, yeah. Again, as I said, just ask them to get them to admit certain things and then re-ask for the close, re-ask to move forward. So you can't just say something and then expect them to say, all right, let's just have to do it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? It's just like, where do you want to proceed? What decision do feel like you need to make? Yeah. Where do you want it? Where do you want it? Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: So do you want to go rolling on this?
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Like just those kind of questions.
Arran Humphreys: Just close the loop. Thanks for that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: my website. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions? Was on any of that stuff, man?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, that was really helpful, Brian. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's all good. And then, yeah, what I'll do as well, man, is I'll, once we get the ads up and running and everything properly, I'll try and get you on, I'll try and get you on with my sales trainer, like, once a week, probably to start with, just to get really versed out, and then maybe dial it back to, like, a fortnight or something like that after that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: That would be good. See how we go. But, yeah, we'll get the ads and everything up and running first.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right, sweet, man. Well, yeah, only thing now, really, is just get all the graphics, videos put together, and then reword all the scripts, the many chat, all that stuff, and we'll be firing on all cylinders.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, and be ready to go. Keen, man.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Just keep being real consistent with the organic as well. You don't want to, you know, get to the point. Where we do launch into ads and the organic start in the slack a little bit because the organic will be super important.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yep. Cool, man. All right. Enjoy the rest of the day, I'll chat to you very soon. You too, brother. appreciate it, man. Cheers, man. Bye. See you later.


>>> 69/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-22T06:05:24Z | id:116208809
People: Kyle Musca

Morgan’s iPhone: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, how you going?
Morgan’s iPhone: Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good.
Morgan’s iPhone: How's the day been? Good. I, sorry, let me just turn. My computer is connecting to this. I had a call with Tommy this morning.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect. How'd that go?
Morgan’s iPhone: It was good. It was good. He ran me through the scripts, um, his slightly different version than yours, um, which was good. I mean, relatively the same sort of concept. Um, and it was good. It was good to have him sort of explain a few more things, like, at the early stages, why that's so important, rather than skipping through that, um, which was good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Yeah. Yeah, the scripts, like, why you're getting used to it and everything, like, I wouldn't rush it, and I wouldn't skip steps, if that makes sense. There's a few little ones in there that are sort of just, like, expansions off a question if you didn't get the answer. So you were, like, looking for, but for the most part, I would try and do it, you know, follow it as closely as possible and get really good at that.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, no, definitely. And it makes sense when you sort of start to understand it, it makes more sense why you're saying that as well. So it sort of, yeah, it makes me feel better. I'll just have to remember it a little bit more. think that's probably where I'm going to get stuck for a little bit, just feeling like I'm reading off a script. Um, but Tommy was saying, like, just, like, voice record me doing it and then listen to it over so I start to memorize it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I, the other thing there is, uh, like, just really slow it down. Um, like, if you seem sort of rushed, you won't seem very confident and it will, like, you know, seem like you're reading off a script. What I like to do is just kind of have it, you know, obviously up on the call. Uh, so you're just looking at the script, you're not even looking at them. Uh, and then I'll just, like, look away. Bye. When I say certain things, so it's like, I can't be reading off a script if I'm looking over here, right?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, that makes sense. Do you just literally put it up, like, if you've got Zoom, you just, like, make it cover the screen pretty much?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, because I can help, like, not even, so, for example, if I wasn't sharing my screen, how I would have it is literally just like this. So if I was talking to you, obviously, I wouldn't be able to see you because I wouldn't be sharing my screen. But I would have it literally just like this. I'm like, okay, yeah, so I guess we'll just start from scratch. You know, what is your current body weight?
Morgan’s iPhone: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And what is it that you're sort of, like, you know, hoping to get down to?
Morgan’s iPhone: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan’s iPhone: And so I would literally just have it there.
Kyle Musca: And then that helps as well because you're not actually looking at another human being.
Morgan’s iPhone: It's just a voice coming through the computer at that point. Yeah, that's true. And, yeah, just keeping it slow is important.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And, like, I can't emphasize that enough. And, Sit in like kind of awkward silences, especially when you say things like price and stuff. You know, people, again, same thing, people will, you know, let's say you say price and they don't immediately respond to you, but like, oh, we could break it down, you know, you freak out a little bit. You just sort of like sit and like let them stew in it because as awkward as it feels for you, it feels like 10 times more awkward for them. And they will be going through their process of like the longer they sit with it, the less likely they'll do to turn around and come around, turn around and be like, oh, it's too expensive. Like if you sit there in awkward silence for like 30 seconds, 45 seconds, they're so on the fence and they're just convincing themselves to move far, like past it. And it kind of gets to a point where it'd be like, well, I'd be an idiot if I just sat here for this long and said it was too expensive.
Morgan’s iPhone: So I was like, oh,  it, let's just do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's exactly what I would do. Sort of just be like, assume that they're thinking something and then fill the gap. But yeah, that was, that was a good takeaway. And I took away as well, just like him repeating back. The answer as well, like whatever they say, actually saying it back to them so that it seems like you've heard them, which I think I've struggled with because I'm like reading the script and maybe not even listening to what they have to actually say. So that was another big thing I took away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. The way, like whoever's asking your questions and talking less, because if you ask the questions, you're talking less. Whoever's that person is in the conversation, they're the one in control. Like if you're talking a lot, you're not in control. So like the best way to think of it is like try and talk as little as possible. Like if you're talking 20% of the time and they're talking about 80% of the time, fantastic. You get a lot of information out of them that way, but that will also come away thinking that you really listen to their problem. The best conversationalists are people that don't actually like make conversation. They just let other people talk and then they walk away thinking like, you know, Morgan was such a great listener. had such a great conversation with her, but really they just wanted to express themselves. And then, yeah. Yeah. Perfect. And then in terms of reciting, So if you say back to them what they just said to you, it just acknowledges in their mind that, okay, this person actually understands me. They understand what I'm looking for. And you're solving their one solution. Like, you don't want to just try and sell them, you know, everything that you've got. You don't need to because they don't care about 90% of the stuff you have. You just, they tell you the problem and then you just recite back to them and solve that one issue, if that makes sense.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah. That makes a lot of sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I do it two ways. One, I'll be like, I will just recite basically back to them. Okay. Yeah. So it sounds like, you know, having structure and, you know, a plan to follow is really important if that's what they said. Or I'll offer a solution to the problem they just said. You know what mean? Like, oh, I really struggle with consistency. You know what I mean? Okay. Right. Right. So, you know, maybe having a structured plan and, you know, someone to guide you through or keep your account will be really important to you then. So, So, I'll do it two ways, depending on what they say.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, that's cool. Yeah, that's good. I have a few questions, but do you have anything you want to ask first?
Kyle Musca: No, we'll dive into the check-in. I've played around with the ads a little bit and everything like that. But yeah, fire away first.
Morgan’s iPhone: We'll jump out through all that stuff. When he was talking about your guys, you sort of do training, nutrition, nutrition, the third pillar, structure or accountability or something. Do you think that it would be better for me to sort of have like training pillar, nutrition pillar, and like mindset, like, or keep it as sort of just structure? Do you think mindset could even be a play that I could like actually use?
Kyle Musca: I mean, you can, yeah, you can definitely include it. In terms of the pillars, for me, so this is like kind of the crazy thing is you don't actually really talk about what's involved in the program. Like, the pillars on my script, and they should be the same in your script, is one, like, it needs to be effective.
Morgan’s iPhone: Like, you need to be able to get results, it needs to be enjoyable, and you need to feel like you've got the support and accountability and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Like, I don't actually talk about – the only time that you talk about what's in the program is, like, when you're talking about the packages and you kind of briefly run over them. You might definitely include, like, yeah, it comes with custom nutrition training, custom nutritionists, unlimited adjustments.
Morgan’s iPhone: We're also going to be, like, focusing on mindset and habits and everything. Like, you can include it in there, by all means. Yeah. Okay, cool. That's good. The – oh, yeah. So, as well, I just want to ask about the packages, because I don't – I think I've sort of just been going a bit rogue since, like, we stopped talking last time, like, since I competed. I know you were saying about, like, a top tier and then obviously sort of, like, not really using that one and then having, like, the middle tier. Here is like the one that you normally do. I normally do that. have like a call with a client once or whatever, once a month for like the top package. But I was thinking, do you offer it every week? I haven't really talked to Calum about it, but should I offer that as like the top package has a call every week and then the below has a call every month?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would do here is like you don't want to leave it, in my opinion, to, you know, like once monthly touch points because like when they're paying, you know, decent or decent amount at the end of the day, your retention rate will just not be there. Like you would just churn through a lot of clients. What I would do is, so for you, I would frame your top offer as, you know, girls that really want to compete at a really, really high level. They want to, you know, have PD protocols and they want to get their blood work done. They want to do a full comp prep and they want to do full posing coaching, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Like, I wouldn't say too much more than that, like, something along those lines. So, yeah, it's really, really comprehensive. These, obviously, girls that want to compete at the highest of higher levels, for that one, for six months, it'd come out to be about $10,000, right? Or even $15,000. You want their jaw to drop. Like, you want them to, like, holy . Then there is, I have, like, a top-tier package under that that I try and get people on, but I wouldn't really bother about that for you right now. Just because that will, until you build up the confidence with the other side and fill up to the point where, you know, you can bring that in. So, I would just go down to your call package, which, you know, for me, for example, is $3,500 for six months. And what I would do there is a weekly call. Because at the end of the day, it's like, I don't know the exact price. That's like $150, like $150 a week or something. I'm sure you're probably pretty happy to take a 20-minute call for $150 a week. then what I would do under... That is because you can't really give someone a better program than, you know, if they're on this package, you can't really build a better program than if they're on that package. So the biggest, like, there's a few different things you could change, and at the end of the day, it's your thing. But I would take away, like, accountability, communication, support, those types of things, which essentially means, like, so, okay, cool. That's too expensive. Okay, no worries. I have this other package. It is technically full, but I could, you know, squeeze you in there. Yeah, know, still very comprehensive. You still got all the custom training, nutrition, mindset coaching, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, whatever you say. The main difference is it's just a bit of a step down in terms of accountability, communication. So instead of, you know, 24-7 text and call communication, you can just feel free to send me a message anytime you want, and I'll get back to you ASAP through the day. And instead of the weekly check-in calls, I'll just do, like, a weekly loom video, and I'll send that through to you, and then we can conversate and go back and forth and everything like that. So it's still very in-depth. Main things are just... Yeah, a little bit of less communication, accountability and stuff.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, okay. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And then that's what I would suggest filling in that gap. So I wouldn't do once a month call. I would just do like a weekly Loom call. And realistically, have you done Loom videos for check-ins before?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, so Loom is what I do now, like video. Yeah, but that's for everyone. And then I try and offer, like I try and get people onto a call, like outside of a check-in, which I think maybe I just need to classify that as their check-in. Because what I've been doing previously is like weekly check-ins, whatever. And then we do a call on top of that to sort of just like map everything out.
Kyle Musca: But it doesn't need to be like that. Yeah, so I wouldn't do that. Because like for me, for example, like my package, that's included in my top tier package where people pay like five grand to six months. So it's like you get a check-in call and then you get a second weekly check. Strategy call. So it's two calls a week, right? Because again, you're adding another level of communication on top of it. I wouldn't do that. Like, if you're doing a check-in call and you're even doing a check-in loom video, you're still providing a better service than like 90% of other coaches. Because most of them do, like, I've seen people do, like,  voice notes, like a minute-long voice note. And a lot of them are switching to a text, you know, check-in now. And I'm like, if I was paying $100 a week and getting a text check-in, I would instantly cancel.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, I know. Actually, some bodybuilding coaches don't even do, like, they just send you an email back. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, you don't have to, you know, chase your tail for the, you know, your clients. But like, at the end of the day, you want to have a really good, strong relationship with these clients, because that's what will keep them around for long periods of time.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Okay, that's super handy. Yeah, that calls. Prices, yeah, I can sort out the prices then and then the options. And then how do I approach re-signing a client? So what would be like the language that I would use and how would I go about doing that when their 12 weeks is coming up to the end? So if they've paid in bulk, yeah, what would I, I don't know how to do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's a good question. This is where this comes in handy a lot. So this is something I would implement with all your clients. And I get my coaches to do this on the first check-in call because you should, you probably have an, I'm not sure how your process is, but you might have an onboarding call or whatever the case may be. The first check-in is just not going to be heaps of data to go over. So this is great to whip this out. So let me share it to you. This is the template. You just make a copy and rebrand it to yourself. Mm-hmm.
Morgan’s iPhone: I actually like that because I like them visually for myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this does two things. One, it plants the seed from the very start of the next 12 months. So it doesn't matter if they sign up for three months, it doesn't matter if they sign up for six months. We're already planting the seed for this is what your plan is going to be over the next 12 months. So, for example, and this is what you'd explain to them. So let's just say it's a client coming to you for weight loss, right? Cool. So in the first four weeks, we're going to be doing, you know, building the foundations. This is just make sure everything's perfect for you. Once we get that, that's when we ramp things up and get more advanced as we go through the cutting phase, right? Ideally, you know, you want to lose eight kilos. ideally, we hit that goal by week 12. Week 12 is technically here. So again, you can change these around accordingly. From there, you know, we're going to want to go onto a reverse diet. And then you explain, you know. Concept to reverse diet. It's probably going to take, like, for us to do that really, really properly without you blowing out, it's probably going to take probably two to three months. I'd say we could probably do it in two months, but I'm going to allow three months, just to allow for any hiccups or anything in between. Maybe it's sick, whatever the case may be, if we speed up faster than fantastic. From there, we're going to be officially in our gain, right? And this is just where we're going to really focus on building those muscle around the glutes and the quads or whatever they said or whatever they want to focus. And then after that, we're going to strip, like, strip all that excess fat off and show you, like, how much muscle you've built through that, that reverse diet and that gaining phase, right? That's 12 months laid out for us, okay? So, again, just, so they, because at the end of the day, like, coaching is an information service. If they go through a weight loss phase and, let's say, they lose 8, 10 kilos, they're to come back and be like, okay, great, I feel really confident now to go do this on my own. They don't need any more information from you. So, you need to make sure that they know that there's a next step after this and this, that. next step is different from this step, and it's a completely different approach. And if you do it wrong, it's going to undo a little work you've just done in this step. So, yeah, we're going to have to extend for three months. So that's for the client side of things. I'll pull this up maybe once or once a week or once every four nights, just very quickly, just to keep reminding, okay, cool, we're in week two, we're in week three, we're in week eight, whatever. The second reason this is really good is for you, because when you're pulling it up, you know that, okay, a client's in week three or week four. This is a great time to ask for maybe like a referral, right? Or potentially, if they come to you and they said that they knew to lose 20 kilos, but they only opted for a three-month package, this is a great time to ask for an extension. Because what's happened in this first three weeks is that they're likely, you know, seeing a bit of progress, which means they're going to be on an emotional high, but they don't feel confident enough to go do it themselves. So let's say you get a paid in full on... On, you know, week one, three or four weeks later comes by, they've dropped, let's say, three or four kilos. It's like, fantastic. You know, how are feeling about everything? You treat this as like a bit of a support call. Like, you know, you do your check-in, but also, like, I just want to see how you're going, you're enjoying everything, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Fantastic. Well, I know, you know, our initial goal is sort of that six-month, sorry, to lose that 20 kilos. And, you know, obviously, we can get a lot done in 12 weeks, but the reality is it's probably going to be about that six-month mark. Like, look, if you, would you be potentially interested in exploring something like that? Yep. Okay, cool. Because if they're paid in full, instead, it's much easier to make the sale here and they actually start paying it off from here than it is to get to week 12 and be like, okay, you owe me another, you know, $1,500 or whatever. Yeah. So it's like, cool. Well, like, what we could actually do is we could, you know, you've obviously covered all the way up to  whenever. Well, what we could do is if you want to start breaking that down and make it super affordable and then it would only be, you know, $60. the Thank you, Mark. It's week or something for that, and that would cover the entire six months. You want to do that? You know mean? Yeah. can do that. Cool. Whatever. Or maybe it's a great time to ask for a referral. You know what mean? They've seen a win. Oh, by the way, who else do you know that, you know, maybe has mentioned that they're keen on doing something similar? And then they go have a chat, and then you have to follow up with it. That's the thing with referrals. You have to be the one that drives it. Once they have a chat, you grab the contact details, you reach out then, and it should be a pretty easy sale from there. Let's say that doesn't go through. You just prompt them. It's not a hard sale or anything like that. And then, you know, week eight comes around. You know that you really need to start planting the seed heavily for the next steps over this next couple of weeks. And then maybe week eight, week nine, week ten is where you look at doing an extension from there.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And essentially, you just get them on the call, and you do another sales call. Yeah. a shorter sales call. Obviously, you don't do the exact same script. They'll be caught under that. But I'm just like. How are feeling about everything? Yeah, great. They should be happy, super stoked. Again, if they've got, for example, 20 kilos to lose, CDD plant there is like, you know, this first 10 kilos is the easy part. Once your body starts leaning out, your body's going to start pushing its hunger hormones a lot more. Your cravings are going to spike a lot more. Your energy is going to drop if we don't manage things properly. You're going to lose that muscle mass. You're to end up skinny fat. Really, really need to make sure we do this properly.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, that's perfect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then, you know, there's different ways you could go about this. You could be like, look, you know, I love sort of working with you. I'm happy to, there's two ways you could do this. So I have a loyalty rate, which basically means that if they signed on for, let's say, three months of two grand, if they do another three months, I'll bring it down to $1,500. What you may do here is, and then I have an affiliate rate, right? So affiliate rate is something I've kind of brought up. Recently, and basically what that is, is if a client tries to cancel or they say it's too expensive or you want to restart them, you can say, look, I love working with you. I don't give this to everyone, but I love working with you and I know we've still got a lot of potential in the tank and we're making great progress. I'd really love to see it through. If you want to continue on for another three-month program, what I'll actually do is I can hook you up on my affiliate rates. I only allow 10 girls on this at a time, but basically that will bring it from $2,000 right down to $1,500 for another three months. So you're saving $500 just there. And in return, you just have to, you know, keep killing it, of course. And if you could just drop your, like, a comment of your experience working with me on some, like, marketing videos I do here and there, maybe, like, once a month. It's really not that much. One, I would really appreciate it, but that would also allow me to put you on that, right? Sound fair?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, that's good. I like that. It kind of gives them, like, I don't know, they feel like they've... Got a little bit more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, the thing with you is because you're still, like, you're wearing all the hats in the business. You're the coach. You're on the sales calls. You're doing marketing. Your main driver and your main sort of point of leverage over someone who does have a larger company is the fact that everything you're doing is personalized. It's one-to-one. It's you 100% of the way. So keep that personalization the whole way through, you know what mean, from the sales call to the coaching to the asking for referrals, you know, build that relationship with them because then they'll feel, you know, guilty or, you know, they won't want to leave you, essentially.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, and it just makes it better anyway. Like, they do genuinely want to stay with you when you have a good relationship.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, mean, if they're losing weight and they have a great relationship with you, you know, they shouldn't, you know, really want to leave.
Morgan’s iPhone: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. With people that have, like, split their payments up, I don't know if I was supposed to, I'm not sure anyway, but I've got them on, like, a recurring split. So say they pay monthly. I've got that on, like, a recurring and it's just, like, constantly going. I haven't got that on, like, a 12-week. Should I still sort of, like, plant that seed to sort of ask them or just sort of try and have a call and chat and not really bring it up if they don't bring it up themselves?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, for me, I don't bring it up if they're on a recurring. Like, if they're, you know, unless they bring it up, but I'm not talking about it. We just roll one over. Yeah. But I wouldn't let that stop you from really planting the seed, regardless, you know what I mean?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because if you don't have to have the conversation, then there's no point having the conversation.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, definitely. That's cool. That makes a lot of sense. That roadmap will be good, actually. And I can change all that anyway, can't I? I can't really see it right now, but I'll look.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's easy to change all the branding and stuff. And then on that as well, so just to take away, key asking points around that three to four-week mark after their own emotional high. And then ideally, probably around that eight to nine-week mark. You don't want to leave it right to the end and then have to, you know, make a last-minute sort of ditched attempt to try and re-sign them. obviously, like, if you plant a seed, you know, there and then plant a seed there, still haven't, you've got no other choice but to, you know, go with gold. But, like, at least there, you know, again, they won't feel like it's just a last-minute ditched attempt.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, and it won't feel like a shock.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, obviously, you've got short-term, medium-term, and long-term goals. So, it's like short-term is to, you know, strip 10 kilos of fat. Medium-term is to sort of go into a reverse diet and start, you know, focus on building muscle. Long-term is to be, you know, five kilos. Being the same body fat, but five kilos heavier with larger glutes and better habits or whatever you end up putting in there.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, that's cool. Sweet, that answered that. And then the other thing was with Clemé, what do you recommend it would be the best hours for her to do for me at the moment? Because Callum wasn't really sure because his is so different than mine, like he's getting so many more leads. Would she be better off to do like one hour in the morning, one hour in the middle of the day, one hour at night?
Kyle Musca: So you want her in there at peak times. So I would recommend having her in there like at least six hours a day just because speed to lead is super, super critical. If someone messages you through and they're not getting a response back to the next day, they're already out of the buying mindset, they've moved on. And yeah, if you want to capture them, the faster you can get them from the moment they message you onto a sales call. The more likely you are to convert. Like if they message you in the morning and you can get them on a sales call that afternoon, like the odds of you converting them, very, very high. I would recommend, you know, six hours. At the very least, I wouldn't go anything less than four hours. Yeah. If you're trying to be really conservative, but that's going to take, like, obviously, if you take away hours from them, you're going to have to jump in there and do that. I would recommend, if you're going to go with six hours, just based off that, I would probably, and you're going to also be active in the account, I would do 8 to 10 a.m. And then I would do between, like, 4 to 8 p.m.
Morgan’s iPhone: Okay. A little bit more in the evening then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because that's when, like, the ads will push when, you know, at certain times throughout the day, mainly when people are active mostly. People are mostly going to be active in the morning or when they're, you know, outside of workouts. Some, like, you know, you... So I used to say like between 12 and 2 p.m. and like if you ramp hours up, then I would definitely get someone in that spot. But realistically, you know, even if they do message around midday, then the evening people should jump on and take it over for you. I would just then be really active for yourself in the DMs. Also really good to, it's tedious, but it's also really good to make sure that the DM setters are doing their job properly and you're happy with the conversation. So really important things with the DMs, they should have your tonality and stuff from when we last did it and everything, but there needs to be personalization in the responses. If they just look like they're following the script or they're only changing a few words to try and add a little bit of personalization, but it doesn't really, if a girl just comes to you and says like, oh, I've been really depressed because, you I've been so overweight for so long and yada, yada, yada. And you're like, and the setters like, oh yeah, completely understand that. And I have some plans that we could fix that or totally dual build the right system. Whatever they say, then it's like, by the way, you know, what are you doing for work? It's just like, you'll get ghosted like crazy, right?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it needs to be like an actual personalized response. Like, yeah, I completely understand. I've worked with heaps of women who started in the same position and, you know, definitely understand how, you know, carrying that extra weight and not really being happy with the girl you're seeing and the woman you're seeing in the mirror can affect your mental health. And that's definitely something we help with, you know, I definitely help work with girls on improving and then move on. Like, you want to follow the structure of the script, but don't want it to seem scripted.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah. I actually was just saying to Callum yesterday, I was like, it feels, because I was looking at one and I was like, it kind of feels like they're talking to a bot. So I will go through and have a little look and maybe just send Clemé, like, where I would change it a little bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, And that's a big thing. Always screenshot and send it. So Clemé should have a, I don't know if she's created a few, but I would ask her to create A group chat with her and the setters that are in your account. wait, you can just relay information straight back to them. So, like, screenshot anything that you're not happy with and just send it to them and be like, can we fix this?
Morgan’s iPhone: Can we change this? Right, because it's not, so it's not Clemé.
Kyle Musca: It's like, who's working for her? Yeah, yeah. Clemé does get in there and, like, handle conversations and stuff like that, but there would be another setter in there conversating, yeah.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, sweet. Okay, that's perfect. And I can, I'll get her to do those hours because I'm, they're probably, like, the hours, the evenings when I'm not on my phone at all. So, I'll get her, I'll do the 8 to 10 and then the evening. And then I can just sort that out in the middle of the day because I'm already in my room anyway.
Kyle Musca: I'm on my computer. Yeah, and again, with that, if you're going to be in there, again, add that level of personalization. If you can chuck in a voice note or something like that, then fantastic.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah. I can definitely do the voice notes.
Kyle Musca: Personalize. Sorry, I'm sorry. I would save the voice notes. So after, like, one or two back and forths, like, I wouldn't do it straight off the rip. But, yeah, like, if she says, you know, what's your goal? Lose 10 kills. What are you struggling with? XYZ, that's when I'd probably do a voice note.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah, perfect. Cool. Yeah, that's the only questions I had.
Kyle Musca: Thank you for answering all that. Yeah, no worries. So just to keep you in the loop with the ads. So they're still in the learning phase. What I did, so I did a couple of things over the last couple of days. So one was just add more qualification into your ManyChat flow. So, and I had to duplicate it because I wasn't pulling data through properly. So one was, because you get a lot of young girls, I decided to add this qualification in. Are you younger or older than 21? Fantastic. And are you working?
Morgan’s iPhone: Not working.
Kyle Musca: So those two level of qualifications should give us a lot clearer of an insight on who we should really be focusing on. then again, just reminding that that conversion API is attached on the working full-time older than 21 people. So with time, that should really improve as well. And then with your ads, they were originally set to 25 to 35. But you could see the data skewed. But, you know, from the looks of things, you know, you're getting quite a lot of underage girls. That seems to just be a common problem with your account, which is usually a pretty common problem for people, not going to lie. So what I did, I just upped it to 28 as the youngest age group demographic.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, cool. Yeah. Does it kind of relay with like my following as like my Instagram following or does it not have anything to do with that?
Kyle Musca: So it will, so it's basically. So it will naturally look at your following and, you know, test out those waters a bit. The issue with it is because, like, you can see, and this is another thing I want to cover in this chat with you. You can see that, you know, the cost per result is actually looking really good. Like, that's where we want cost per results to be looking. That's obviously massively different to the cost per lead. The cost per lead means someone who's actually qualified. They're older than 21 and they're working full-time. What can happen is it can get caught on these kind of girls because, again, this is something we've attached. So the cost per lead is the conversion API. That's something we've manually attached and I've manually recorded that. Meta or Facebook, Instagram advertisement will just show you cost per result because it looks good on paper, right? And it's like, cool, We've gotten your message. doesn't matter if that person ever continues the conversation on. doesn't matter if they have a job. On paper, they're technically older than 25, but they could be 14.
Morgan’s iPhone: That's not really our problem.
Kyle Musca: And what happens then is, let's say, theoretically, a 14-year-old girl does message you. Meta's like, cool, this person was interested in it. Let's go show more people with similar interests, the same ad. So then what happens is you've got a bunch of, you know, 25-year-olds that are actually 14 and interested in whatever 14-year-old girls are interested in. And then that can just become a real toxic negative cycle. So the conversion API should cut that out and improve it over time. And then I've just bumped it up to 25, 28, just to try and cut out any of those girls that did sort of mark their age up higher, especially with the new laws in Australia and stuff, not being able to use the internet or social media if you're under 16.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Probably, you know, a decent amount in that, so that should fix that.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah, so that's all happened over the last couple of days, so it should continue to improve as time goes on. And then the video ads and everything, once they're done, they should also give the algorithm plenty of content. It's basically test, essentially.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How are you going with your content?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, so I've got Vaughn on Sunday. was the only day I could get. He's super, super busy at the moment. But I've got Vaughn on Sunday at 11, and we're going to film them at my house. Because I think the ones he did with Callum in the home were pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so you just want to, yeah.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Do them in different places.
Kyle Musca: If possible. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like, it's always good to try and represent the environment of the people you want to attract. So, for example, like, obviously, if do it in the gym, that's just the given you're talking about weight loss and training and stuff like that. That's a representation of the environment. But, for example, if I wanted to, you know, make an ad specifically targeting tradies, then I might go get in high-vis and, you know, jump on a job site and everything like that. And, you know, talk about weight loss to tradies, you know what I mean? So, it's always good to try and, you know, showcase the environment, showcase the target audience you're trying to attract by being in a familiar environment that they are, they can instantly see and associate with.
Morgan’s iPhone: Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. I can do, maybe I could, oh, yeah. Well, then maybe do you think the gym's better?
Kyle Musca: Either or we'll be. Fine. If possible, I would try and mix them up because you don't want them to look the same.
Morgan’s iPhone: Okay. I can do them at home then because then I can do one in the gym, one in the other studio at my house or in my apartment, and then one in the kitchen.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, probably. And then little details. So one is just make sure – ideally, make sure the videos are in different places, as you just said, so there's different backgrounds, different lighting and everything, so they look different. Yeah. But also try and – especially with hooks, like don't, you know, film the same hook in the same background because then each single one will look the exact same. And, like, if someone sees hook one, for example, they might see, you know, hook three, but because it's the same background, they'll be like, I've already seen this video, Scro.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, okay, Nick.
Kyle Musca: And then what I would also try and do on top of that, if possible, is just change your clothes for each video. Yeah. I don't technically do this, but it's – I could – Yeah. Yeah. You know, good thing to just get in the habit of just because, again, you want it just to look completely different.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, but not, like, keep the hook, different clothes for each hook or just maybe, like, video?
Kyle Musca: No, that's fine.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So the same clothes, the same hook and same video, just try and change the background. And then, you know, so if you're doing three videos, then it'll be, like, outfit one, outfit two, outfit three.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, perfect. And then the hooks will have different backgrounds, so it looks different. Yeah, that's perfect.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Now, do you have the CU dashboard from when we last spoke? Otherwise, I can't just tell you this one. No, I don't have that. So this is really important for us to, so, again, probably not ready to bring on a VA. Okay, so.
Morgan’s iPhone: Oh, actually, yeah. was going to ask about tracking. That's exactly what you're going to run through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is really important. So one with these templates, all we need to do is to come into the file and then make a copy and then just save the link, send me the link, and we'll run through it. But essentially, this breaks down the entire funnel from start to finish. And this is really important because it will identify gaps in the funnel. All right. You know, so I'll break it down. So let's say we spend, let's say we spend $10,000 on ads for the week, right, in Ads Manager. So you'll see there's ManyChat and Ads Manager, right? Reason we do that is, as before, it can drag two different things across our show to define that. So leads and Ads Manager, right? Let me show you this. So you come in here, all right? You'll see this column section. So I go last seven days. Seven Just there. You'll see this column section. Now, yours won't have leads when you come into it. So, leads, meta-leads, cost-per-lead. So, what you need to do is come down to this custom one. I've already created this one. And then click the pen. And then just type in a lead. And that will give you that. And you just tick total and cost. It will put it at the bottom. know, it depends. You know, it doesn't really matter. I like to bring it up so it's in clear sight of when I'm looking at it. But if you're just going to be using it just to find that, then it doesn't really matter where it is. As long as you know, fine. Yeah. And then you just save it. It's always good to save the column as a preset so you don't have to do that every week. But then you would put that in here. So, let's say you spent $10,000 and you got 100 leads. Now, many chat, these should be quite similar with the conversion API because it's only counted as the lead if the conversion API in many chats triggered. So, So what you do there is you'll come into Contacts, Manichat, you'll go Filter, you'll go Conditions, Tag, go Qualified. I only added this today. There is Finish Flow, but from, because I added it today, just getting the habit of going Qualified. But for this, I'm going to say Finish Flow, because that's the current tag on it, but you just do Qualified. But Finish Flow, and then go System Field, go Subscribed, go After, so after whenever the date you're doing FromWhears. So let's say you did a, let's say we're doing from the period of the 12th to the 19th. Yeah. You go from the 12th, so After, Perfect. And then you'll just go System Field, and you'll go Subscribed, and you'll go Before, so I'll it to Before. Yeah. And you're going to do the 19th. You'll do Sunday. So it'll be from the 12th to the 18th, and then the next week's will be from the 19th to the 25th. And then what you'd do, obviously, we didn't run ads during that period, but then you'd click that, and then it would show you the amount there. Theoretically, that should be pretty same. It might be like a couple of, but it should be very similar. So from that, that does the order calculation. So out of the $10,000 we spent, we got 100 leads, which meant that per conversation or cost per lead was $100, right? Let's say from that, we booked 10 people in on an actual call, right? So 10 calls were booked, which means 10%, pretty low. Ideally, want to see this around 20%, just so you're aware, with the qualifications and everything that we've done. If you can get that up to 40%, 50%, you will be extremely, extremely profitable. So we got... So bookings out of that, which means that cost per booking, out of that $10,000, we got 10, which means that it costs us $1,000 per call. Let's hope that is not the case, but just for argument's sake. From the amount of calls out of those 10 calls, let's say we got five people that actually signed up. So we had a 50% close rate. All right, sorry, show up rate. Let's say eight people, right? So we had 80% show up rate, which is good. And then let's say we closed five people, which means that we had a 63% close rate. So therefore our cost per acquisition costed $2,000 per client. Yeah. Just off that fact, right? That's not including other cost per acquisition things. But as long as we know what our return from the actual ad side of things is, I'll give this a good insight. Yeah. From here, so this will be on your, do you have the closes sheet thing template?
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what you'll do here is just every time you have a call, you put that name, the date, the call outcome, did they show, cancel, set on success or sold, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So what package you sold them on, again, once you make a copy of this, you can come in and change however you, whatever you need to. Yeah. Was it a paid in full, was it a deposit and a payment plan, or was it just 100% a payment plan? How much cash did you collect on that call? So that's where we'll find that number that I was just showing you there. So it's like if had a seven-day period, you would just add up all the people in that seven-day period and their cash collected. Yeah. Um, what... What... So let's say from that, you know, you made five sales, it's $2,000. Let's say, let's say you collected $5,000, right? From that, and then this will auto-calculate that. So then repayment plan, 500 a month, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Essentially, you would just minus the cash collected from the package price. So if you collected $1,000 on a $2,000 package, then, you know, you'd do that for five times. again, that would be $5,000 total, which means that your total revenue was $10,000, which means that your return on investment for that week, if you spent $10,000 on ads, was one.
Morgan’s iPhone: You broke even.
Kyle Musca: That's ideally what we want to see. But for just so you're on the same page, ideally, I'd like to get this to a bare minimum of six. So for every dollar you put into ads, you get six. $6 in return. If things go really, really well, like I've seen that up to, you know, around 50. So, yeah, can go really well. So this is essentially, that's the entire funnel from, you know, how many people messaged for its leads down to how many people actually converted and sold. That is really, really important because, for example, if let's say this was accurate data, I could instantly, we could instantly look at this and be like, okay, cool. I mean, our cost per lead is very high, so our marketing could definitely be better. And our booking to lead is very low. So that's also a set of problems. So I could look at this and be like, cool, our message isn't, you know, resonating with the right people. Let's break that down. Or this, we need to review, you know, the DMs and everything like that because just not enough people are being set based off the numbers we get.
Morgan’s iPhone: Does that all make sense? Yeah, that makes total sense. It's actually really cool to see it like that. Because I haven't really seen the whole, like, start to finish in terms of, like, money that I would be getting.
Kyle Musca: So it's cool. Yeah. So, and you don't want to, like, you know, once you start building out a team, especially, because you'll be, you know, pretty hands-on for the most part. But, like, for example, if you want to, if you did bring on salespeople and closers and stuff like that, you don't want to be blaming, you know, sales, you know, 63% closer. You don't want be blaming sales, the sales team for the setting teams  up. Like, they're not performing well. The salespeople are fine. Yeah. So it just helps you identify who you need to go and, you know, kick into line. Yeah. With this as well, you can definitely also track all your organic stuff as well. So, obviously, this becomes a lot easier. So total organic bookings, you know, like, let's say you get 10 for the week. Like, total cost taken, you've got 80, 80% shot. Total sales made, let's say you got five. You got 63% there as well. Cash collected, again, let's say you got, it's the same concept as what we did. Let's just say you collect, you know, $5,000. Let's say you collected $3,000 and $7,000 on future revenue. So you made $10,000 in total revenue there. Yeah. So theoretically, if that was the case, you would have made $10,000 on ads and $10,000 on organic. And then this is total bookings.
Morgan’s iPhone: So that's just done, all the calculation there, I believe. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Total bookings, total taken, 16. Yeah, so that's what I calculated, all that stuff for you.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, beautiful.
Kyle Musca: And the other thing with this sheet is be really careful when you're deleting stuff. Because if you, like, for example, you came in here and clicked delete on that, see these little dashes that are the calculations set up on that? So it would delete the formula. Mm-hmm. That's been attached there, which I've experienced and realised that is very annoying.
Morgan’s iPhone: Excel and, like, these things are so  complicated when you  up one of the things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, you know, the good thing about that is if you ever do, like,  up and accidentally delete something, can always just come into version history and then just pull back.
Morgan’s iPhone: Oh, cool, that's good.
Kyle Musca: did not know that was a thing. Yeah, you can just pull back all versions if that happens.
Morgan’s iPhone: Cool. Do you recommend, like, obviously, you wouldn't do this, but, like, do you recommend we just do this on, like, a Sunday or, like, on our call day, like, maybe the day before or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would do it the day before your call, our call. It doesn't really matter, to be honest, as long as it's consistently done every single week and we can kind of, like, take a look into it. Yeah. Obviously, this is for 2025, so you'll just... I mean, you don't have to go through and do it at You can just do it as you go, but just probably aligning those dates to be proper. And again, if you're going to do it, try and keep it consistent, whether it's Monday to Monday. If we're having our calls on Thursday, you might do Wednesday to Wednesday, whatever suits you best. And then just so you're aware as well, to avoid confusion, is these little things at the top here, open and close the month. So if close that, I'll close January, if I open that, I'll close February. And then at the end of the month as well, it will give you the monthly total. So if I filled in all these data for these three rows here as well, that will give us the monthly total.
Morgan’s iPhone: cool. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Morgan’s iPhone: Any questions on any of that stuff? No, that's good. I'll just make sure I get consistent doing that on the day before our call. And I'll start that next week then. Yeah. Do you want me to try and do it for this week or not really?
Kyle Musca: Do you want me try it Data build up a little bit more. As long as we do it from next week, it should be fine. But yeah, I'll definitely get into the habit of that because I'm not, you know, data is super important, but I also see a lot of people get sold on the fact that you need to, you know, be a  data analyst. It's realistically, it's just like, there's a few key metrics that are going to drive your business forward. We absolutely need to know what they are. And there's, you know, definitely a lot that's just going to be, that was pretty easy to collect, to be honest. Like a lot of it, you just do as you go.
Morgan’s iPhone: You shouldn't really have to set out in bulk amounts of time to do it. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's just getting in the habit of doing it and that's fine. And I like that because that's going to give me a clear idea of like where, what's going well and what's not. Instead of just being like, oh , everything's bad. You can be like, okay, well, it's actually just this that we need to improve on rather than thinking it's like the whole situation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And that, and that like something like that, for example, yeah. It just. This allows us to pull certain levers that will actually make a change, rather than just  guessing and, you know, wondering why things aren't fixing. So, the only other thing on that, while we're talking about data, is that I don't actually have this, so I'm just going to create one real quick, is this shoot.
Morgan’s iPhone: What was that one called, that one you just... You're showing me?
Kyle Musca: This one is the CEO dashboard.
Morgan’s iPhone: Oh, yeah. I'm just writing it down so I can...
Kyle Musca: This one's, you know, sales outcomes, call outcomes. Yeah. Essentially. Now, this one is data. Sorry. This one is your LTV. So you can only really... Let me quickly do this. You're going to really determine LTV after a client quits. Otherwise, it wouldn't really be their LTV.
Morgan’s iPhone: What does that stand for? Client's Lofty, though.
Kyle Musca: okay. Okay. Oh. Uh. I was going to turn this to coach one. You won't need that, but. Uh. Uh. I'm still playing. What is that all? Okay. I'll put that right now. It's fine. I'll share this with you as well. So this one's really important. So this is another really important piece of data because, also just to break it down, most of it's pretty self-explanatory, obviously. Did they, completion, did they finish the three months they signed up or the six months they signed up or not? Um, and then you've got, um, customer, LTV, I mean, uh, so essentially what I do is, when I go, when a client cancels, I put this, so this sheet will tell us quite a lot. So, for example, data here cancelled in November of 2024. here November of 2024. So, for So, completed his program, his total lifetime value, what he actually spent was $1,678. And then the clean one is, basically, I'll just grab this rope, I'll chuck it into ChatGPT, and say, give me a clean version back. So it doesn't do without the dollar signs and everything like that in between. Because that then allows you to come down here and say the sum, the average is $2,529. So my lifetime value, based off that, obviously, there's a huge gap here. But my lifetime value at that point was $2,500.
Morgan’s iPhone: On average, that's how much a client would spend with me.
Kyle Musca: That allows me to know, you know, what's reasonable for me to spend to get a client. All right, so this is why lifetime value is so important, because if your lifetime value is, you know, let's say double your competitors, you can afford to spend a lot more to acquire a client. than they can, which means that you can spend more on marketing, and you can literally just strong-arm them out of competition. Like, you know what mean? If I can out-market you and I can spend double what you need to spend in order to get a client, there's just no way you're competing with me in the long run. I would just smother you out of competition. So, yeah, that number is super, super important to understand. If I have to spend $500 to get a client, I'm still $2,000 technically profitable. That's not taking consideration, you know, expenses on coaches and stuff like that, which, you know, you wouldn't really have to worry about. So, that's fine. The other thing this allows you to do is assess churn. So, it's like, if I want to look at how many clients cancelled from 24th or 27th, I feel like that's still the 10th. So, let's go from here down to the 12th. All right. All right. 83 is a 2. 263 down to 278, so about 15. So 15 months cancel in that month. I can go look at how many clients did I gain for the month. That's my churn. Yeah, makes sense.
Morgan’s iPhone: What would mean incomplete? Like, is that somebody who cancelled before the 12 weeks was up or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so they just cancelled before their program has ended. So, you know, you can just do it off three months if you want to, or you can do it off figures. Technically, it's like if they signed up for six months and they pulled out at four months, they're technically incomplete. Yeah. And that's what this incomplete LTV is. So if they don't complete the full program, then I put it into this other sidebar here because I don't want that skewing my data for clients that actually stay around. Yeah. Technically, you know, that is part of the lifetime value, but I want to be able to separate, you know. If a client stays with me for the full duration of the program, what is the average spend? And then I can combine that with what is the average spend of, you know, if they fall off early.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So again, this is what I meant by like data comes with time because there's no way you can get LTV until they cancel and stop becoming a client.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Morgan’s iPhone: Does that all make sense? Yeah, that makes sense. That's handy. And I will, yeah, I guess I'll just try and start that from now. Is there any use trying to backtrack stuff like this? Like trying to look at people that have canceled previously and when they started?
Kyle Musca: Or should I just start fresh? I mean, you could, but I wouldn't really sort of worry about it. This is, you know, stuff we'll use in the future, but it's not, you know, detrimental to what we're doing now.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, cool. I feel like it's good starting fresh anyway, because I've like, like this last few weeks, it all has felt pretty much new, like I'm starting again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, mean, as long as you get in the habit of just, like, you know, client cancels, you just instantly know that you have to fill this sheet out. Yeah. You should be pretty fine.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. And then, yeah, okay, cool. Is there any other questions that you wanted to run over at all?
Morgan’s iPhone: No, I think that's everything. Prices. Yep, you went through that. Re-signing, Clemet. Calls. Yeah, cool. I think that's everything for me. And then, yeah, I've got Vaughn on Sunday. And I think that's it.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect. Awesome. Yeah, beautiful. Awesome. Well, I'll keep playing around with the ads and everything. If you have any questions on the filming or anything in general, just let me know.
Morgan’s iPhone: Yeah. Oh, and I realized I didn't upload the e-book the other day, but I uploaded it now, but I'll send you that link. that link. I'll For the Google Drive. And it doesn't really have to be anything crazy, did it? Just that.
Kyle Musca: It's just for now, we're just going to use it as, like, if they're not qualified, it's like, well, get out of here. Here's something to, like, support me a little bit better, but  off.
Morgan’s iPhone: Sweet. Okay, beautiful. All right, well, thank you so much for that. That was very helpful. I feel good after you and Tommy today, so I'm excited.
Kyle Musca: Yep, that'd be awesome. All right, well, yeah, good luck with it.
Morgan’s iPhone: And I will chat to you very soon. Awesome. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Have a good rest of your day. You too. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 70/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-23T04:59:02Z | id:116567336
People: Kyle Musca

Michael: I ended up having that call after our last call. She ended up signing up, paid on the call, but her start date will be like 4th of Feb or some . Yeah, so that one went through and then, yeah, just been kind of trying to push out a couple voiceovers this week as well. But, yeah, overall, I think it was pretty decent.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Sick, man. And how are we going, like, lead-wise, man?
Michael: Have you gotten any leads this week? I don't think so.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so let's break that down. Before we do that, is there anything that you want to cover in this call?
Michael: Not necessarily, just probably just, like, some feedback from your end on the voiceovers that I have done. yeah, I I I think one thing that I probably could have and should have done a bit better this week was, like, kept up with, like, the reactions. I think, like, as soon as I started thinking about the voiceovers more, I kind of stopped as much of the reaction stuff. But, well, yeah, pumped more of them out this week as well, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think this is, again, where time management is going to come just on that. We'll come back to this as well, but just briefly on it. I think this is where time management is going to play a huge sort of role in making sure it's a nice sort of diverse content strategy, simply because, yeah, focusing on something new is great, but we don't want to take that away from what has, been working and what we were, you know, continuously getting better at. So this, again, you know, you've got a bit of time on your hands. So it's like I would sit down. Monday is, you know, voiceovers, right? Maybe two, three-hour block of just voiceovers. Wednesday is a two, three-hour block of... You know, reactions, right? So it's just like grouping into sections throughout the week. And if you do that, like you will easily be able to get that diversity across. Yeah. Cool. So let's go on to your entire page here. just want to break everything down. Shut the screen. Fix all this  so it's  me off. Okay. Cool. So. Okay, cool. So one thing I would do, man, is I would probably try and explain exactly who you help in that first line, right? Unless you have an affiliate here, I would get rid of, you know, your coaching. Oh, right. Your coaching. Okay. I thought that was, so to me, that looks like that's who your coach is. So I'll probably reword that, right?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If anything, do you use this page much?
Michael: Not really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So to be honest with you, man, I probably wouldn't even, yeah, do much on this page because, so there's really two routes you can go down, right? One is the personal branded route, which is, in my opinion, the way better route to go down. The other one is sort of the fitness coaching company route, which, you know, if you're pumping out transformations and you can become known for that, fantastic. It's just a lot harder to get sort of a footing in the door, if that makes sense, right? Because at the end of the day, majority of people that are looking for a coach, they want a sort of personal relationship with that coach before they sort of, you know, take that next step with them, right?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if you don't use it, man, I, and I. I the idea behind it is like having a page full of social proof. One is like, unless it's like, you know, you can just scroll and scroll and scroll, you know, it doesn't have the same effect. And two, like, I would just use all these transmissions if you are going to use them, which I, again, absolutely 100%  use as much social proof as possible. But just have them on your personal page. You know what mean? Like this will serve as that entire Instagram page, right?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and then, you know, when you are going to, you know, if you do get transmissions and stuff you want to talk about, just make, you know, videos about them.
Michael: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, again, like those types of videos.
Michael: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or you can put them in, you know, carousels, carousels, and stuff, and be like, you know, basically similar to story CTAs, right? Here's the reason most fail. Because of X, Y, Z, because of X, O, Z, this is exactly what I did with X, Y, Z, and this is the result we got for it. So that's how I would incorporate the social proof there if you're going to have it on stories. I think, and the reason I'm saying probably I would recommend removing this is because right now people come onto your page, right? It doesn't say who you help. So, for example, for me, it's helped over 1,000 men drop 10 kilos plus in three months or less. So it's a very specific, tangible goal, right? And when you, people, with marketing, you need to not leave any room for doubt about what you do. There should be no sort of question. People should immediately be able to look at your page and say, okay, here's a coach. Right? Yeah. So optimal training made simple, while that implies coaching, that more so... It's more like, you know, follow along and I'll give you helpful advice. Whereas something like this is like, I help, you know, men drop weight, essentially.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's kind of the headline I would have. I would remove this because one, it doesn't, to me, when I saw that, thought that that was, you know, going to be your coach's page. What that means to me is, one, it's like, why would I keep coaching with you if, you know, theoretically it was that, if I can just go to your coach. Yeah. And then secondly, what happens is people click on that. You've just led them completely away from your page onto another page, which has added a pretty large level of friction. Then they're going to get distracted and they're going to  off and they're going to get back into the doom scroll or their mom's going to call them for dinner or whatever they, whatever happens, right?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I would remove that because you don't want them to, you don't want to direct them to anywhere else on your page. You know what I mean? At very max, you want them consuming content, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, right? So you see, for me, it's just apply for one-on-one coaching. I don't have ghost sponsorships in there. don't have any other sort of directives. It's just, I'm a coach.
Michael: Here's how to apply. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. And then, I mean, from an Instagram profile perspective, like you might want to make it, you even just bring you forward there. So it's like sort of more of your upper body or something like that, just so it fills out the frame a little bit. Some people just do, like, faces. It is up to you how you do it. Obviously, being a fitness coach and stuff, I wanted a little bit of my physique in there. But, like, you want something that, like, easily stands out. You what I mean? You don't want to be sort of hidden amongst the crowd.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, if you look at that, yours versus even mine stands out a bit. I remove the background and everything like that just to try and make myself pop a little bit more. But, you know, if you look at some of the best marketers in there, Well, they all do that for a reason, right? Yeah. See exactly what he is, how he helps people, the directive he wants to point out. know what mean? There's no other directives on this. And I assume if we click on here, it's going to take us to one singular thing. You know what mean? Like you don't want to ever cause any sort of confusion and you don't want to cause any sort of delays. It's just like, here's exactly how to inquire with me.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then if we click on this, yeah, so it takes you straight to the coaching form. Perfect. I mean, that's exactly how it should be. You don't want anything else. Like even for mine, pretty sure I have two things. I think one is ghost. Yeah. The one is good, but theoretically, for you, just because you want to drive everyone there, I would have just stretched the application form.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah.
Michael: Does that all make sense? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. So I think, you know, just gearing in towards that a little bit more. That's pretty simple changes. Your story. And again, yeah, you've got... I don't know if I've used that as much. Do you have many people giving you video testimonials?
Michael: I haven't really asked for it before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I wouldn't do this because this is feature-based selling. I mean, once you've created, everyone does this. Everyone says that it's tailored training programs, customized meal plan, weekly check-ins, direct access to me. Everyone says that. That is not a point of differentiation, right? With this, it's just about, one, always sell the goal, always sell... The dream outcome, right? Which is, you know, the transformations, the social proof will do this for them, right? And then the other thing, man, is your story, which is fantastic. Perfect. So again, like this is, these are places as well where it would be a great idea to add some social proof, like not in this specific carousel, but like doing a carousel exactly like this and adding social proof in it would be fantastic. Yeah. All right. And then for this one, man, what I would do is I would go away. You could either have more, you know, social proof transformations if you've got them now. Again, you want these to be crazy because these are the things people are seeing. Like you want these to be  crazy, not just like, you know, they lost a little bit of weight and then, you know, look a little bit better. You should have that wow factor. Like I've got heaps of transfers. But I'll only put the ones up that, you know, people look at and be like, holy , right?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, so you might want to do, you could do another one where if you don't have the video testimonials, you know, just another one like this, just to really flood it with social proof. Or what I would also recommend doing there is, yeah, going and asking, you know, your best clients or whatever. And just, asking like a personal ask, but like, hey, bro, you know, how you finding everything, you know, check in like that. And be like, by the way, you know, I want to kind of put together a little piece on my Instagram, just like whatever. I want to do a little bit of marketing, whatever you say. Just of your, like your experience with, you know, working with me, would you mind doing like a little bit of a, like a video testimonial or something like that, that I could put up? Yeah. Yes, no. So, on that as well, let me grab it for you. Thank you. So this is like, when I do that for clients, I send them this sheet, basically just breaks down, what to talk about. they can do, they can film this in section, sections. Yeah. Hi, I'm John. I'm 35 year old. I'm a 35 year old plumber from Western Sydney. You know what mean? Well, maybe reach out to coaching. You know, originally I reached out to Michael simply because, you know, I'd be trying, you know, to lose weight on my own for a couple of months. And I just constantly was going through these cycles of starting and then, you know, work would pick up or something would happen. I'm just fall off track. And I really just sort of wanted the structure and accountability. And, you know, from everything I was watching, Michael seemed like he was the right guy for the job. What results have you achieved? You know, since starting working with Michael, I've been able to drop 15 kilos over the last 12 weeks. It's the fastest and best results I've ever seen. And, yeah, I could not be more happy with the results I've been able to get. How did you find your experience? You know, Michael was always really quick to give back to me. always took the time to really explain to me. You can tell, you know, with Michael, I'm not just sort of a number or anything like that. I'm an actual, like, you know, I just, you know what? I'll just pull up my, that would probably be easy, okay? So, let's go here. So, let's go here. And then it doesn't have to be anything crazy either. Like, you know, you tell them just to film it just vertically, exactly how you film, you know, talking to the camera videos where you just hold it, right? You tell them to film exactly like that, and then you can just do the editing and everything like that. Obviously, it's going to depend on person to person on how well they do this. But, you know, someone like Michael is a bit more outgoing for me. Oh, you dog. And before I play this, I would really get into the habit of trying to get as many video testimonials as possible. Like, social proof transformations are great. Um, they're really strong, but like, there's nothing really stronger than if you have a great transformation than you can obviously overlay when they do this video. Um, but if they're, you know, it's actually them saying like, you know, Michael's the  man. He's the best coach you'll ever work with. Like, cause you, you can sit there all day long and you can say, I'm the best coach you'll ever work with. I'm going to care about you way more than X, Y, Z ever will. I'll give you better results, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But you could be lying. You know what mean? If someone else has said it, that's been through your program, like, and they're geared up for you, they're not, like, they're not, they wouldn't be lying, if that makes sense. Like, it must be the truth if someone has actually done it and that's their, you know, their, their, their review of it, essentially.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: G'day legends. My name is Michael. I'm 23 years old. I've been working with Kyle in an elite male performance program for nearly 12 months now. I came in with a goal to lose weight, cut fat, and build some muscle. And I'll tell you what, I've stripped a shitload of fat off and I have healed some crazy amount of muscle. and strength through the  roof. I'm stronger than I've ever been, fitter than I've ever been, lotser than I've been in probably five or so years, and that's not exaggerating because I was a fat . You want to become the best version of yourself. Jump on now, join us, I'll see you in there. I want to make yourself the best version of yourself ever. We cannot wait to have you on, legend. Sign up, show up, shut up, grow up, and glow up, boys. Let's get into it, eh? I mean, it can be something pretty simple. I want these to, I think Caleb was a little bit more, yeah. I'm not going to wait for those to  mind, but yeah. Does that make sense?
Michael: that? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Any questions on either?
Michael: No.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Okay, sweet. So, coming into the voiceovers. So, why not avoid reusing the same thing over and over and over? So, like, I don't know if these are both voiceovers. So we'll look in a second, but you can see the engagement or the views from that drop dramatically. So I'd say what's probably happened there is they've seen like pretty similar and they've just keep scrolling because they've already seen, they feel like they've already seen the video.
Michael: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Could also be that Instagram, you know, sees the video in the background and it's like, okay, he's already posted this, but I'd avoid same, you know, again, same as training program, man. I'd avoid redundancy, you know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: He's going to piss some people. I've already know this is going to piss some people off, but you do not need to be rounding your back over the bench when doing an upper back row. So for that, good hook. I would say, so you want to kind of, with hooks, you want to be like overly enthusiastic. You want to bring, so there's three, probably base. take pictures. Yeah. I've Um, angles with a hook. Like there are like a lot of sub angles within this, but just to keep it simple, you want to be either highly negative, overly enthusiastic, or, uh, like add a little bit of humor or something in there. Right. So for this, I already know this is going to piss some people off. So I'd also probably speed that up. So I already know this is going to piss some people off. Like I would emphasize that you kind of emphasized, already know, but like, yeah, I emphasize, you know, piss people off because that's what you want to draw attention to. I already know this is going to piss some people off. But you do not need to be rounding your back. then I would say like, see, but you did not need to be rounding your back. So I would probably say, but please, for the love of God, stop rounding your back on, you know, bent on your rows. You know what mean? Yeah. Um, again, slight little wording change, but like, you For the love of God, stop. So stop's a real harsh negative. Or you should never, you know what real harsh negative. Yeah. I also think that this, did you draw this video from someone else's inspiration?
Michael: Nah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think that this is going to be a little bit too niche as well. I mean, to start off with. Yeah. I think you're probably going to into the nitty-gritty of, you know, what definitely works. But this information is probably more so something you'd share with the client once in the coaching team. You know what mean? It's not something that's going to add that sort of wow factor and that sort of entertainment factor that people are wanting on Instagram, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Over the bench when doing an upper back row. Aside from it making you look like a scared cat and it now being an intense struggle just for you to breathe, it's not doing anything additional for your game. It's commonly thought that by doing so. The other thing with this, pretty sure I gave you feedback on this video, if not another one, it's just that there's not enough happening with the eye.
Michael: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Like there's not enough cuts and changes and clips and stuff like that. That will help. And if you don't always have the clips, like obviously you just got this turned around, which was the main thing. But if you don't have the clips, like, you know, play around with just zooming in and out. You know what mean? Like, if you talk about, you know, I don't know, let's say your arm path or something, for example, then you may want to just zoom in on like that little section to show the arm path, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's a stretch for your upper back and therefore... This was good. ...make the exercise more effective. But unless you can pop your shoulder blades out of your body, this is not going to be the case. As despite what it may feel like, your traps simply don't play a role in bending your spine back and forth. All we are doing here is shifting the load, making it easier for ourselves by cheating and taking away from the stimulus to the trap. So if you want to get the most out of your row, whilst also maintaining your ability to breed like a normal human, a neutral spine, focus on strike. And then, I mean, the font and everything, how that's going to be laid out is going to be, obviously, dealer's choice and play around with it. Typically, I'm not a huge fan of doing it in that full sentence form. chasing that deep stretch. don't need it, bro. I've already known. So again. So again, yeah, I would not ever create a video, especially like something like a voiceover or something, without sourcing someone else's video. So first and foremost, as well, full-day beating and everything like that usually works really well as a voiceover. But You can see this one, 662,000. This guy's physique is definitely going to sell itself, but we're good at ease. Yeah, so that's just a trendy sound one. Even that, though, like, you can see that that works.
Michael: He may even want to, like, try something like that, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Mammoth Arm Day. Yeah, again, like, you can see he's found something that works for him, so he just keeps rinsing and repeating. You know what mean? So I can never... Easy bulking hack. Perfect. Voice over. 1.6 million. Fantastic. You know, and that is a clear inspiration. So I can never understand when people say the bulking is higher. And you can literally get... See that hook? You can never understand why people say bulking is hard, when you can literally get 110, whatever the  he's about to say. 110 gram. It's controversial, right? Because there's a lot of  skinny people out there that think that bulking is really hard. It's a pasta, a drop of rapeseed oil, 250 grams of chicken, 180 grams of pasta sauce, one measly pepper, finished off with 70 milliliters of double cream. There you have over 30... Boy service for recipes like this as well work really  well. And they're really easy to put together. 1,300 calories and 80 grams of protein. So I can... Like I remember one I did ages ago, it was like about a bulking shake. was like 1,300 bulking calorie shake. And I was still getting notifications from it like a year or two later that people were still like engaging with it. Yeah. Never understand when people say that bulking is hard. You can literally get... That's like a perfect voiceover inspiration because like one, had a good hook. It was really quick. It was probably like a 20, 30 second... Yeah. And people are going to save it because, you know, they want this recipe. They want to come back to it. Yeah, 110 grams of pasta, a drop of rapeseed, or 250 grams of chicken. Also, a lot of cuts because it's so quick. There's a lot of cuts happening. You know what mean? It's keeping the eye engaged. You can see across the board, like, it's doing, it's ticking all those boxes that make a good voiceover. And, you know, 1.6 million views was the, was the response.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So even, like, that type of view is okay, I guess. 11 million. Easy bulking hack, you know. So I can never understand when people say that bulking is hard, when you can literally Yeah, so he reposted that and still got over a million views. got 11 million views. That's  nuts. Easy bulking diet. Realistically, how he's making these videos with the audio would be the exact same as how you edit it when you do a voiceover.
Michael: You know what I mean? No, not really.
Kyle Musca: So, like, how he's edited this, it just has a sound on it, but you could definitely just do the exact same video with a voiceover.
Michael: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, here's my exact easy bulking diet that gets me 3,400 calories with nearly 230 grams of protein per day.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then something like this would be really good because it's so fast, not actually showing how to make the meals. That's where a CTA, it's the what, but it's not the how. That's where a CTA of like, you know, if you want the, my full, you know, recipe or whatever the  for the entire day, comment, bulking meal plan, and I'll send it through, or meal plan, I'll send it, some  like that, you know what I mean? Any questions on this stuff so far?
Michael: No.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think that's probably also one of the big things. I want you to focus on moving forward is like it's one thing doing it which is great like that's obviously 80% of the work but like never ever ever create a video unless you've sourced it from somewhere else like the topic and the idea and the angle from somewhere else because again like the rounding the back thing quite a niche audience that's going to you know resonate and be interested enough to actually watch that the whole way through. easy bulking diet  you know every skinny kid and his dog is going to watch that the entire way through.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for the last four weeks I've been following a variation of the bros which means on Monday I hit legs, Tuesday chest and side delts, Wednesday back and rear delts, Thursday arms and rep. You can also see that these are like surface level topics as well you know I mean it's it's a bros but there's this topic of the video. You know what mean and then it's like you can even fall down into category like subcategories. Yeah, full day of eating for 100 kilos of PT. Four weeks ago, I was 93, Keith. This morning, I was 100. Here's a full day of eating at 20. Also, tangible hooks are really good. Anything tangible is really, really good. I mean, that's why I say I'll help you lose 10 kilos in three months or less. Like, you put actual numbers so people can understand what's possible with whatever the  you're talking about.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: ...500 calories to get my  together. first thing in the morning, I downed some electrolytes. Hydrate before you caffeinate. If my dues paid, I went for a cough as I added new programs to my fitness app. then got some vitamin D with a can of vitamin C. Slight little coaching blog there. My brain didn't know what hit it when I substituted doom scrolling for the daily story. one was a bowl of parlor with a hearty mix of protein powder, flavor powder, the fluffy fruit my mother told me to get rid of. I washed this down.
Michael: See how even when he was adding the grapes, was bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, It was continuously keeping him all engaged. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You I mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah, I feel like it's also easy watches, you know what mean? Like, you don't want to, it's not necessary that you have to reinvent the wheel and be like , you know, the court jester. But like, as long as you're easy enough to watch, you know, in a way, maybe like his is kind of like in a way, maybe soothing, I guess, if that's the right word. But yeah, I guess. People are  watching because they're, you know, tired after work and they want to take their brain off their reality, essentially, right? So they just want to , they want to do scroll, man, be easy to watch. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. So let make it into the check-in form. Perfect. Well, so how, on that note as well, how crazy is this? Let's go muscle game. Can you change that to, what's this, tally? Can you auto-change that to Australian?
Michael: Um, probably.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think it did. do what I feel, but it was on different countries to start with. So you just want to make it as easy as possible there. And then there's no booking option there. So is that meant to take you through to a calendar to actually book?
Michael: Yeah, it should. But for the most part, even when it does, like it's, normally book through messaging them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what do do there? I'll show you mine just. Now, the application form does not have to be anything crazy by any means. We've got it pretty good already. And you've gotten it as a multi-step form, which is good. So yeah, I just do full name, phone. What I would do, do you message them on Instagram?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I would probably avoid that, to be honest, because if they have a private account and you don't follow them, or they don't follow you, sorry, you would just get a message request, and that could block you from reaching them. Right. So I don't even ask for Instagram. There, I just do phone number, and I'll reach out via phone.
Michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now with you, with where, like the process I would handle, like for your situation is, as soon as you see someone, go. I would just give them a call straight up. like, hey, bro, I saw you inquired about coaching. Man, was just giving you a quick call just to see if you're still potentially keen to suss that out. So again, very non-commitment terminology. You're potentially keen to suss it out. Cool, bro. Yeah, I just want to make sure it's sort of, however you're worthy, you've got to kind of be careful around this wording, but you just want to make sure it's like a good fit, man. Again, it's just running through a couple of things. Like what's your current sort of body weight at the moment? Okay, cool. And what's your goal? Yeah, sweet. When were you hoping to achieve that goal? Cool, fantastic. And, you know, just so I can sort of like pre-plan a little bit, what's, you know, just so I understand your schedule, man, like what are you currently doing for work? Otherwise, on the phone, the work question is really easy to ask because it's like, cool, man. Where are you based, by the way? Oh, Sydney. Yeah, nice, man. Nice. What is You did for work, you can celebrate?
Michael: Oh, yeah, cool. Yeah, nice.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you just added in, they're very conversational, but that's the financial qualifier.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? State, country, I mean, you only really need to know their country. don't necessarily need that. Age, if they're under 21, I won't even bother reaching out. And then for me, it's just current work status. You're working full-time, part-time, casual, you're a apprentice, or you're not working. And then that's it. Once they submit it, I'm calling.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for this, you probably don't need this as much because this is what you'll be chatting to them about.
Michael: So that's just adding a level of friction in there that doesn't need to be there. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Name. I mean, that's good. You obviously need a name. I'd probably remove this. I'd keep phone number. And I would get their email. don't know. No, I would get their email, which, I mean, email is not extremely important for, it's not extremely important to necessarily make the book, because you'll reach out and you'll chat to them and you'll be like, cool, what's your email, lock it in.
Michael: But it is good to just start collecting this to build like a bit of a database over time. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I think if you refined sort of the whole, you know, landing page here, and then just made a few tweaks to that, I will also need this as well, just so you can see the actual questions. Have you asked your current clients about referrals as well?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How'd they go?
Michael: None this way. Like, well, that chick that signed up, she like, she kind of was, but wasn't at the same time.
Kyle Musca: Like, this guy that I used to coach put this thing up on her story one night, and then she followed me from that, and then ended up going through the process from that. Yeah, okay. And when was the last time you asked your clients for a referral?
Michael: I would have been just in the check-ins this week.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Like, do you actually ask, or is just a part of the check-in?
Michael: No, like, I asked.
Kyle Musca: Ah, yeah, awesome. Cool. Yeah, as usual, referrals are a very top-of-mind thing. Do you call any of your clients?
Michael: Not really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, you might want to... I mean, it really depends. Like, you may want to call, you know, potentially call them just so you can sort of do a support call. And, you maybe even, like, you rotate, depending on how busy you are, but maybe even. even. Rotate, you know, giving a certain group of clients a check-in. So let's say if have, like, let's just say 20 clients, maybe, you you do 15 of the check-ins as normal, but then you do five where you just give them a call or something, you do a call check-in. One, just to strengthen the relationship, but then also just ask them directly, oh, like, who do you know that could potentially be keen on, you know, getting something like this done?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And referrals is like, not everybody's going to refer someone, like, realistically, nine out of 10 people won't, but that 10th person is probably going to be a feeder, right? So a feeder is like someone who would just keep referring new clients.
Michael: You want to find the feeder and you want to treat them really  well. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Now, do people message you much on this account? And empower coaching, or if they are, they just apply?
Michael: No one really messages me about it, no.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. Just did well.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, did pretty decent.
Kyle Musca: You think it would have been pushed harder for the amount of engagement there? That's a 5% engagement rate. So, yeah, I would make that stand out a bit more. Yeah, so Lincoln Buyer, one-on-one coaching. I prefer to do something like this. I want to get Jack Shredden handsome. I'll help you come. Cut X, Y, Z over the next X, Y, Z. You know, it depends on how in a rush I am. If I'm, like, just trying to get the video up, I'll just keep it pretty simple. But if, you know, I've got the time, I'll make the CTA relevant to the video, you know what mean? Yeah. But, like, I would definitely use a brighter emoji than something like that, because that, again, even with such small text, that still, like, just fades into the rest of it, you know what mean? Yeah. So it's like, make that  try and pop out as much as possible. Yeah. Also, Instagram hashtags don't technically mean anything these days, but I still add them. add, like, four to five, you know what mean? Just to try and, you know, make it, like, the targeting a little bit more, I guess. Like, because AI, it will go off the AI targeting of who it should show it to. So, and it goes off the caption as well by, like, trying to understand the audience that will, like, be relevant to. So I just add, these are mostly keywords rather than hashtags.
Michael: to somebody, cannot write So, or Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's the other thing that I would also start doing as well is Yeah, so if you're going to do something like that, I would, and especially with these just audio, like these, you know, I guess trendy sound videos, that's where the caption, you know, really comes in play because you can, you can say a lot more on the caption than you can say in the video, right? Yeah. So maybe this is where you talk about like how training to failure and everything like that, you know, helps maximize muscle growth and everything, right? Because again, one, it will help the algorithm, the AI and the algorithm figure out who it should be showing it to as I mentioned there. But two, it also gives people more of an opportunity to spend more time on the actual post itself because they'll open the caption and they read it, right?
Michael: And that's going Increase watch time. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Are you adding poles and stuff to these as well?
Michael: Not all of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, I would add poles as often as possible. I don't know if you can't see it on the computer, but like... I'm pretty  at golf, but I'm slightly less  at building muscles. So if you've got that one muscle grip that lags, like your phone on one bar 4G, this is all you need to keep in mind. Aside from ensuring you have good exercise selection, you're training with enough intensity, and you have adequate volume, you need to actually prioritize it. So that's good. Meaning the exercises that train the muscles you want to bring up should go further. I think the biggest issue with this, from what I'm seeing so far, is just the cuts.
Michael: There's not enough cuts on screen. Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, if you're just talking and there's just the same video playing, it becomes, you know, like... The drop-off rate would be quite high.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense? Just the beginning of your session, you're fresh, energized, and mentally clocked in, whereas towards the end, motivation may die down, you get it. So if you're going to, are these just training clips you have, or if you've filmed these within close time proximity to the voiceover?
Michael: They were just ones that I had. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So in future, like, mean, if you're going to set up the camera and everything, film just from different angles, know, get this angle, maybe go off to the back 45 there and film from that angle. You know, maybe you get from the front 45, whatever, but just so you can, like, change it and chop it up.
Michael: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Get more fatigued. And let's be real. All you're thinking about is how quickly you can finish your last exercise so you can go home. So forget about the science for a second. Logically, the exercise is done first. You'll be able to put the most effort, attention, and focus into, therefore giving those muscle groups the best possible chance to grow. Like, yeah. Without. Anything cutting there, like, very hard for me to even keep attention to what you're saying and, like, what's happening. Of course, muscle growth takes time and nothing will happen overnight, but incorporate these adjustments and you'll be well on your way to bringing up those weak points. I'm pretty  at golf, but I'm slightly less  at building muscles. So if you've got that one muscle group that lags, like your phone on one bar 4G, this is all you need to keep in mind. Aside from ensuring you have good exercise selection, you're training with enough. Yeah, so I think that all that leading up to that and then it gets here, this stuff's great. Like, the on-screen popping stuff definitely helps, but I think that background video as such just sort of, you know, stays too similar. Like, it doesn't change.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, you know, you might not, I'm trying to wait till you're doing a shoulder press, but, you know, it's not always about having to do something completely, you know, obviously different. different angles is good. for something like this, like if you're talking about, let's say, training intensity or whatever, you might just even zoom up on your face when it's , you know, striated and like you're on your last set.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. So weird how it does a 95 likes and 15K versus 215. I also think, did you play around with your algorithm and like add stuff in there?
Michael: Um, yeah, a little, a little bit the other day, or like after our chat, It still pops up with, like, some random  because it'll be, like, it'll say, like, on the bottom left, like, what it was from, like, from what I, like, what text I added or some . And it still gives me some, like, random- . I think I just need go through and, like, like certain things and give it some time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it will fix itself in time. Yeah, but I also think the other thing that would be beneficial is just trying to find the viral-driven content. You know, these, the reaction videos work so well because they're, you know, you're basing it off something that already has gone viral, right? So, for example... I know that's at 133. But even though... ... So, like, you'll notice all the ones I save have, you know, tens of thousands, if not ideally hundreds of thousands of likes, right? Yeah, it's a good indicator that it's already done well. Yeah. Where was this  shoulder press one? Surely it wasn't this one that it was. Yeah, so 323k likes, like, you I already knew that was going to do well, just because the original video already did really well. I mean, 2.7 mil. So, I'm not sure how, you know, sort of what the engagement rates were like on, On these videos, whereas on, you these types of videos, were these ones that all went viral?
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, you know, just try and find ones that have, like, wow factor to them, you know what mean? The other thing with the transmission, sorry, the reaction videos as well, is something I like to do is just offer, I guess, support and encouragement, you know what mean? Like, it doesn't, as I said, like, you know, it's not about coaching and educating and such. People will like to support other people. So, if you're, you know, the one supporting someone, people are going to, I guess, feel good about supporting you, supporting them, if that makes sense. So, you know, for example, here, you know, something like this. I don't think enough people understand how crazy it is to be throwing around that type of weight at that. So, So, So, So, So, So, Let's do some meathead math and break it down. So he's definitely thinking four and a half. So I'm basically explaining, like, you know, that's a pretty crazy lift for someone that's already that size.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Credits, you know, got to give credit where credit's due, essentially. People like that. And it works the same from a negative side as well. Well, it works the exact opposite from a negative side, right? So it's like, don't, and, you know, I don't really expect you to do this, but just to be aware, you don't ever come from the point of just  hating to hate, you know what I mean? People won't  with that. There's people that have, you know, created pretty large accounts and following off just being a professional hater, but, like, you're just not going to convert, you know what mean? Like, it's going viral because you're , you're just blatantly  everyone off, you know what mean?
Michael: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah. Anyway, and then there's, you know... ... ... And then you can critique people, but I'd be really cautious to not come from a hater perspective. So something like this, for example, and this is good. This is the absolute max in terms of how far I'd go from like a coaching, educational aspect in these kinds of videos. And not a single rep was done that day. That was pretty much most of the comments on this post, and I'm not going to lie, I'm torn. Because on one hand, 60 kilos for 15 reps is a lot of weight, I'll give you that. But on the other hand, these reps aren't getting much depth at all. And let me break down why this matters. See, now I'm going to sprinkle in a little bit of coaching stuff, but it's just base level biomechanic . With something like a dumbbell shoulder press, at the top of the movement, your joints are going to create a stacking-like effect. This basically means there's going to be less tension on the shoulder, and the load's going to be placed on the wrist, the elbow, and the shoulder joint. Then the further you bring that weight down... It's going to stretch out that anterior delt, which will maximize... Notice I'm also pointing at what I'm talking about. I could have probably gone into more depth here and  drawn on it and all that stuff, but I'm not getting that  advanced with it. ...mechanical tension and result in muscular growth. But the problem here is he's not getting much of a stretch on that delt. So from a biomechanical standpoint, then no, you can't count this as... I just explained the stacking effect of joints with free weight movements. Not a crazy concept at all, but that is the furthest I would go in terms of educating people.
Michael: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Reps. But again, 60 kilos for 15 reps is still impressive as . So let's put it in steps. Are we counting these or is this just ego lifting? And then I ask a question at the end to start conversation. And then I also put a poll on this as well. You know what mean? Yeah. So encourage conversation. Encourage people engaging on your thing. Whether it be voting or, you know, commenting, ideally both.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man. So, for example, I wonder if we could find... I don't know who needs to hear this, but you should never be doing your RDOs without... See? Nice intro with a harsh negative. You see, without them, Lily can barely hold onto the dumbbells and her hands are slipping. But as soon as she puts them on, what do you know? She's no longer limited by all... Good cuts in the video as well. Constantly keeping the eye engaged. ...or relying on her grip strength and can therefore put more effort... Another cut. ...into the actual exercise itself. So if you want to make some solid progress in 2026, get some of these bad boys in your gym. And then you might... You could have changed that to like... Now, I personally never do a row or whatever. But... Now, never, I personally never do any sort of rowing, pulling motion without straps. Let me know your thoughts. Do you rate straps or not? Again, off the very top of my head. Yeah. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you have any other, do you want to run over anything else here? Is there any like specific one you want me to review at all?
Michael: Not, not anything specific. I think, yeah, this week was kind of just to see like what you thought about the voiceovers that were done. But yeah, I think just more, more cuts and  in that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think the voiceovers like, you know, for, for just getting used to them and everything like that, they're good. I think, yeah, one more cuts and go source actual inspiration. Like don't just sort of, you know, think of an idea off the top of your head and then just like go create it off that. Go find people that do voiceover contents. Go look. But, you know, the outliers of their content, because that's a proven sort of topic that people are interested in.
Michael: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, that is super, super important. Like, that's probably what I want your main focus to be this week with them.
Michael: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: And then also probably including the cuts as well. But, like, you can do that once you find the topic.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. And then also just change the stuff, like, the Instagram profile around a little bit.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, easy as.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right, bro, if you have any questions, just, yeah, let me know. Yeah, we'll do. Perfect. Cheers, man. All right, I'll chat to you for a second. Easy. Thank you. See ya. Bye.


>>> 71/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-23T06:15:25Z | id:116570963
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. So that's an inquiry. Cool. So, yeah, I mean, mine's pretty simple, man. Mine is just based on a full name, email, phone, what country and what age you, you don't even need to technically have that if you don't struggle with getting a lot of underage kids. And then I ask, you what's the current work situation? These are qualifying questions. So it's like, depends on how much volume you want to get through. Most people don't have, I don't really see a drop-off rate with this in terms of, you know, people that get this question usually just finish this question, right? If they don't, they probably aren't working full-time and they're embarrassed about that or something like that. But this is all I ask. Then I'm  calling them directly and getting them on a closing call.
josiah narkowicz: What's the drop box for the current work situation?
Kyle Musca: Just employee, not employee? So I'll share this with you just before I forget.
josiah narkowicz: I also like the look of that better than Typeform because it's all on one  page, whereas like with Typeform, you have to flick through each one and it's like, oh, a new thing, a new thing. But at least it tells you at the start, you can literally do it in 30 seconds.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, so yours is a multi-step form, which I actually kind of prefer to be honest, because, you know, once they get a little bit of skin in the game, then, you know, asking for like phone and email later is not a bad step. The current work situation, the dropdown is just working full-time, working part-time slash casual, apprentice slash student, or not working.
josiah narkowicz: All right. If you'd even just want to send me that form so I can...
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: All Just copy it. That might be easier. Yeah, because if I can just quickly look at...
Kyle Musca: Also, yeah. I'm pretty sure, oh, it's going to be a  dog and log me out. You're a prick.
josiah narkowicz: I'm just going to look at my coaching inquiry.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's me.
josiah narkowicz: Bro, I actually had two new inquiries yesterday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, that would have been off the videos that went viral for you, man.
josiah narkowicz: And then you can kind of go like cash per reel. Like per reel, you can kind of average out how many inquiries you're getting. But let's look at the actual stats of it.
Kyle Musca: I don't So this is how it will actually look from their perspective. The type form has a little bit more functionality with the  multi-step form and everything compared to job form.
josiah narkowicz: The job form is nice and simple.
Kyle Musca: Nice and simple, nothing crazy. Then the other thing would be really good here is I'll stop doing the, I mean, you can do that. It is a CTA at the end of the day. What I would probably do is take that out, right? And then this is the dream set. So, you know, have the caption there. But then, like, what I do for every single one of my videos now is always, like, a bright emoji that stands out. And then it also separates... separates... separates... You know, my CTA from whatever the  I put in the caption, right? I want to get jack-shredded and handsome. I hope he cut 10 kilos of fat or 10 kilos over the next three months and achieve two-thirds of those things. I like to make it, you know, if I've got the time and stuff where I can make it relevant to the  video, then fantastic. If not, I'll just quiet label it and say, want to get, you know, want to lose 10 kilos over the next three months.
josiah narkowicz: I'll help you do XYZ without XYZ. Can you look at my most recent ones, see if that one was okay?
Kyle Musca: As in the video or the CTA?
josiah narkowicz: The CTA. Because I actually did that new thing where at the end of the video, you can link another reel at the end of the video. And then, have you seen those?
Kyle Musca: Let me pull it up on my...
josiah narkowicz: So, at the end of the reel, I'm like... like... like See See So if you're a busy woman, want to lose five kilo in the next five weeks, click this post, comment at 1,500, and I'll show you the exact meal plan I use with my clients. Just a quick little CTA at the end, because I'm figuring if one of those videos go viral, then that's...
Kyle Musca: So on the phone, it doesn't give me an option to click anything else.
josiah narkowicz: So it should be at the end of the video.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Maybe I haven't got there yet.
josiah narkowicz: Like it gets thrown up at the end of the video.
Kyle Musca: Not that I can see. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, okay.
josiah narkowicz: And then you can click on it.
Kyle Musca: goes to the most of all kind of . And wondering why their glutes aren't wrong. If you want to pair that training with a system that actually drives fat loss, I've got another... another... another... Video here breaking down my exact meta for busy women to lose 5kg in the next 5 weeks without living in the gym or starving. Yeah, I mean, that's not bad. That's not a bad CTA at all. The only thing with that is you only ever want to give them one clear directive. You know what I mean? Like, you don't want to, for example, prompt people to follow, then prompt people to comment 1500, then prompt people to click the next post, then prompt people to apply for coaching.
josiah narkowicz: There's too much going on.
Kyle Musca: I agree. Yeah, like, people are, like, you just got to think of people as, like,  complete idiots. Like, keep it so simple and no, even if there's, like, a doubt of confusion, it's just, like, just  remove it. So it's, like, that's why I don't, like, ask for a follow or anything like that. I don't ask for a comment. I'll ask for, you know, I'll say what are your thoughts on the video to try and engage that conversation. But, like, in terms of CTA, my only objective is go apply for coaching.
josiah narkowicz: Okay. So just a quick little like, what is it? Keywords at the start to help the algorithm a little bit. And it might only just be like three words that are in one sentence and then bang. You might put up two or three hashtags as well just to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so technically the hashtags aren't meant to help anything. Like it doesn't go off that. The algorithm doesn't base it off that anymore. But it does base it off the keywords in the caption. So one, you know, what I tried to do there is ego lifting, obviously, is a keyword there. Technically, Jack Shredded and handsome, obviously, that's more so fitness related. But I use the hashtags more so as keywords. You know what I mean? Like if it's still picking up from what's in the caption, it should still look at, you know, gym, gym meals, lifting, powerlifting, bodybuilding as, okay, these are relevant keywords. Let's show the videos to people that are , you know, in that.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I'm hearing you. If I go look at all my, like, scripted reels I've got ready to go, I've probably got about 20 ready to go to film. I look at the captions and they're probably a bit all over the place.
Kyle Musca: So let's just keep Yeah, so I'll probably just, like, probably remove this out. You know what mean? Like, it's not that I hate the, you know, follow for more at all. But I would probably just bump this up and then at the end, I mean, if it's something related to the 1500, you know, meal plan, you know, lead magnet, then, you know, use that as the CTA for sure. Otherwise, I would just do some, like, a bright, it needs to be, like, a bright emoji. Like, don't just make it, like, a little, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Even something like that kind of blends in a little bit too much. Like, you want it to  stand out.
josiah narkowicz: You want it to be clearly separate from what's above it. Like the siren ones, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, man, are you putting polls and  on this?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. I am a few times, like there was one that got about 30 or 40 responses, but I think if you do the polls, then yeah, how to tie it all in together. I was just struggling with that a little bit.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, mean, like sometimes it depends on the topic of the video and everything like that. Sometimes it's really easy to add a poll. Other times, you know, it's not. Um, what I would do here is one, like, so for this video, you put this video on my phone. You can see when you, when I click on the comments, let me unblow my  screen.
josiah narkowicz: If it's like a controversial topic.
Kyle Musca: Well, see how, see how your caption's not at the top of the comment there? Like there's no caption there. If you click the prompt, it will just put this, it will put this whole thing in, in the top of the comments there. So it'll be at the top. All right. So that's, that's really important. Cause if like, for example, you know, got a lot. You got a lot of engagement on , where is it?
josiah narkowicz: This reel, for example. You're me basically I need to, like when you open that, you can see the whole thing, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so if I go onto my page, like I always do it. It doesn't even matter if there's really a  reason to do it, I'll be doing it. What, is that a poll you're saying? Well, one is prompt and poll. So there's two options when you go to post. There's a prompt and a poll. The prompt will just put the caption at the top of the comments section. The poll...
josiah narkowicz: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I got you now. I got you. Yeah, so see that video I posted the other day? When I click on the comments, you can see at the top there is my exact caption, and then under that is the poll.
josiah narkowicz: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, people click open more, for example, and at the top of the comment... And section there is my CTA of apply for coaching.
josiah narkowicz: So they see that.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it just stands out way more. Yeah. So you can put a poll and a prompt.
Kyle Musca: Let me just ask this how to do it first. And the prompt is, sorry, the poll is really, really important because it's a level of engagement and theoretically a way to start conversation on your video. Because, like, for example, that one got 1,500 people voting on the poll. That's 1,500 times Instagram has, you know, collected a piece of data that someone has engaged with this video, which is just feeding into it to push it even harder. Does that make sense?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, 100%. think, sorry, when you're the caption, that's going to enhance. It's the algorithm and push it to even more people rather than someone just looking at the video for maybe 10 seconds and clicking off of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, yeah, exactly. So they look at the video. That's the watch time. That's currently what all you've kind of really got at the moment there, except on the newer video where you pointed them to something else. There's the watch time. Then there's opening up the comment section, reading the caption. That's, you know, maybe adding a couple of extra seconds there depending on how long the caption is. Then there's the click on the poll. That's another level of interaction. And then ideally it's  relevant or something, so they save it and share it, whatever the . You know mean? But, like, you just want to try and really squeeze out as much human, like, contact and engagement as possible. The other thing I love doing as well, especially works really  well when you have a poll, is ask a question at the end of the video. So similar to how in this video here at the end you said, you know, I just put this real go watch it, right? If you, you know, something I like to say is like, you what are your thoughts? You know what mean? And then you can add the poll, obviously, so they can just click on it quickly and they can give their thoughts. Or ideally, you want people commenting because if they spend there and write a whole paragraph, you know, one that's a lot of watch time on your video, it's another level of engagement with the comment. And then hopefully people start arguing in those comments and then you've got a viral video in your hands.
josiah narkowicz: You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I can just get my normal caption. I can just make it a little bit shorter, obviously a really clear, vibrant, you know, in capital letters and then a clear CTA apply for coaching in bio. And then I put that as a prompt. But then I also put it as a poll as well. So I can have a prompt where it's in the comments when they open it up. It also, it's a poll that they respond to. And then at the end of the video, I can ask a question, say, hey, let me know your thoughts in the comments. Which one are you, this side or this side? And they can see the poll and obviously see, you know, that's going to be enhancing the algorithm even more, right? So rather than what I'm doing now, which is like, it's not as optimized for engagement, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Like right now, it's just like they've watched it. And, you know, watch time is a huge factor for Instagram. So the biggest things that Instagram goes off is watch time, saves, and shares. Yeah. So it's like, if can get it really relevant, people are sending it around, and it's funny, haha. You know, which is probably why, you know, something like this did well. It's because, you know,  girlfriend and boyfriends and  will share it to them. Like, you know, I can envision this being our future, whatever the  they're saying to each other, right?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah, mean. Yeah, that's why, that's why I chose that one. I'll It's like, yeah, so many people could relate to this thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and people love it. Like, this video, yeah, this video, man, 3.4 million views, it was basically the same thing, you know what I mean? Like, , just saying, the person you're with, you should be getting in shape with, not getting  fat with. And you've probably got, like, heaps of girls that are sending it to their  loser boyfriends, like, how come you don't this?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. This is our year, babe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Exactly. This is a sign, like, , let's do it.
josiah narkowicz: So you can play into that kind of couple's angle as well, which is cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, if you, yeah, 100%. Like, it's just inspirational, motivational type , you know what mean? Yeah. And, again, like, your audience really does seem to resonate well with that sort of female response. So if you can dominate that, if you can dominate... That and become known for the kind of guy that, you know, works with, you know, those type of women. One  fantastic market to get into. Like women love spending money on that . Women love building a community. Women love feeling like they're a part of something much bigger. Men do too, but to a lesser degree. And especially if you can get like, for example, let's say you get a girl like this. Those kind of girls usually promote your business more. You know what I mean? Like someone, a mate of mine that does well with this is George. Like he's not great with his content on socials, but he's got really high level, you know, female athletes. Yeah. Like he's got Sky Sun and everything like that. And it's constantly doing, you know, tagging Sky. Sky's probably sharing it to us. Story. He's got other, you know, he coaches other girls that have like millions of followers and stuff. But like he would be, he builds so much authority around being that kind of, you know, coach and he would get a lot of his. Clients through just association, if that makes sense.
josiah narkowicz: does all the training-specific videos as well. So what are your thoughts on doing training-specific stuff? Because right now, my kind of options are like, the reaction videos seem to be doing well for me. And I am speaking and educating in them as well. There's a few that I'm just kind of like, hey, yeah, that's cool, giving my opinion. But what are your thoughts on, like, diversifying content a little bit? I've  around a bit with the talking head. They seem to go okay. They get a good amount of engagement for talking head. But, yeah, like, what are your thoughts on, like, the nutrition stuff? Because that really does.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I wouldn't  with it. One, you know, it's good to test the waters with different types of content when you start. But, like, once you find a winner, one that you actually enjoy kind of doing. Yeah. Uh, and when that actually  works, I, I would, I wouldn't try and expand. I would focus on, um, drilling down on that.
josiah narkowicz: It's just such the shining object syndrome. Hey, like a few of your boys that are you coaching said, you know, one of their videos popped off and it was like, and I saw Sage trying to do it recently too, where it's like, you see the reel of someone doing the recipe. And it's like,  pouring the yogurt. And then it cuts to him pouring the  yogurt. And then it's like, does your head in, but it's so like, um, gripping to watch. So that some people just literally do that. And then there's this other  that just does the fried eggs are bad. That  scrambled is good. So that does really well for him. I'm sure she, he gets a  ton of clients from that. So, yeah. You're right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. If you find something that works, yeah. Again, I personally don't like that content because I'm like, I couldn't imagine the brain did  with people that are coming through that style of content. Yeah, so to answer your exact question, because I've done that before, man, you know, like trying to expand into more educational stuff, it just doesn't do  well. Instagram just does not like that style of content. Yeah, mean, like you can see way back when, like my reaction video is 84K versus, you know, me trying to  do a chess, 7K, you know what mean? 38K versus, you I mean, that one did all right, but most of them got under 10K, and that's with a large following.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what's happening here with George is like his videos that are doing well, it's because he's collaborating with these girls.
josiah narkowicz: And they've got a  huge , so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and, you know, quite a large following as well. You know, at 123K, I assume he's probably, he's collaborated with Sky Sun. And he's got, she's got a million, almost a million followers. You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: So it's like, you know, realistically. He'd be doing well, wouldn't he? Old Georgie?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, he's definitely, his coaching company's definitely growing. If you let me get his hands on it, he'd grow a lot  faster, but, you know. Yeah, he's pretty adamant about doing his own thing. Oh, he's working with other people, but he should definitely leverage this audience a lot better than he is, I think.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, only a million followers, but I think most of them would be old chicks wanting coaching, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that's the, like, he said his account up, so it's just like a coaching brand, essentially, right? Whereas, like, what you're doing and what we're working towards is more of a personal branded thing. You know, people aren't going to know George for George. People are going to know George because he trains Sky Sub or  whoever else. You know what mean? Whereas, you know, for example, you know, the Booty by Jaxx guy, like, I don't watch his content, I follow him or anything like that, but I know who he is because he's built the personal brand around that. Exact same  audience, exact same target market, this guy would crush it way  harder than George does. And you can see he doesn't do any of those training videos, he does the reaction video, I mean, he does some stuff like that, but, you know.
josiah narkowicz: Like, his main content pieces are the reaction style videos, it works. Well, when do I pull the trigger on, like, optimising my bio even more, and just getting on?
Kyle Musca: probably, like, having a look at your account, like, you can already see that the women's stuff goes harder for you. So, yeah, like, I mean, there's this  dude talking, this chick went off.
josiah narkowicz: But this dude didn't, what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, it seems that women go harder for you. And you may even want to go down a similar route, like, based off what I'm seeing on your account, to Booty, what's his name? Yeah, Booty by Jax. And then go into your algorithm, your algorithm's going to, if you go down the 70-year-old, it's going to be pretty  crazy.
josiah narkowicz: But, you know, like, you'll have plenty of, there's no shortage of women posting their  on the internet. So you'll have plenty of content to go on. He's like, oh,  natty or not, or natty glutes or fake glutes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, do it, man. Yeah,  go do it. Like, go do a series like that. Series are great like that because people will follow along to keep watching the series.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And, you know, it attracts both women and guys, this kind of content, because the dudes are there just to watch, you know,  on their feed. And women are there trying. I don't like, you know, grow their glutes and stuff. If you can become the guy that's just known for talking about glutes and giving, I guess, helpful advice on glutes or natty or not or whatever the .
josiah narkowicz: I'm just going to CTA, download my free community program.
Kyle Musca: No,  that. Want to grow your glutes, go apply for coaching.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Women, you know, if you can just become associated with coach glutes, you can just combine those two words. You're  golden, mate. You will never run on short of clients.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Okay. But then, but then I'm also like that guy. You know what I mean? I mean, I don't if he misses around, but. I couldn't give a flying , but like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, I don't know he misses around, but.
josiah narkowicz: No, I don't. I'm, bro, I don't have a missus.
Kyle Musca: No. No.
josiah narkowicz: I mean, I have a baby mama, but no. I mean.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's probably another perk to get into that side of stuff. Absolutely.
josiah narkowicz: Make the most of it while I can.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, not that I would get everything towards it just yet, but from what we're seeing, that type of content and that type of demographic are relating with you more. Have you checked your following and stuff like that in terms of male-to-female ratio?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So if I'm looking at like my key insights over the past few, I was looking at that viral reel that went off, professional dashboard. I'm consistently above 300K now, which is good.
Kyle Musca: To be honest, man, you could definitely get That's over a million if you just like really locked in and.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, off, bro.
Kyle Musca: What I'm saying, like, I'm, yeah, throwing stones to my glass house there because I was up at like 15 million or something before I went away.
josiah narkowicz: accounts reached 230K. They're all coming from Reels. Reels, Melbourne, New York, London, mostly from the States. The States, Australia. Where do you find the , it's in new followers, isn't it? Where you can see the, okay, age range 25 to 34, but also 35 to 44. They're 37% each. And it's actually 57. 57. 47 men and 42 women.
Kyle Musca: I would say that's probably, though, because of previous content.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, and it's too early to kind of suss that out. I'm thinking we literally smash out, where am I even at now? I've got 40 posts, 49 posts, and I was dialed in heavy on the entrepreneurial men. Like, my bio is literally high-performing men, and that was only up until recently, you know? So, with the, like, new content, I'm thinking at least get to 100 posts, and then we can reassess things. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you don't need, like, well, yeah, I would just start making content that is, not all of it, but I would definitely, like, you know, go into your reels, sort of algorithm thing, and type in glutes, and type in, you Female weight loss and type in, you know, whatever other  relevant things are going to, you know, show you the stuff that you want to see and just start reacting to more of that style of content because, again, like, it is doing, you know, decently, like, it is doing quite well for you. And then just come to this guy and, like, because, again, always great to just pick someone who's done  well in what you're trying to do and then just look at what they're saying and how they're saying and what they're  doing. So, if we go, you 1.54 mil, this is an hour later. Firstly, I'm really worried about having a daughter in a generation where women idolize someone who has had multiple surgeries, BBLs, editing, and then it even looks like this video, she uses a filter to make her surgery body even more. More unrealistic. know a lot of people might be watching this right now, especially if this ends up...
josiah narkowicz: Now, on that... It's just pure rage bait, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but on that, like, he's just calling, you know, people out for unrealistic body standards.
josiah narkowicz: Women love that , man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, You call people out on unrealistic body standards, there is going to be so many women's in the comments saying, thanks for saying this, I found you on my explore page, and this was so refreshing to hear. I've been following this guy a while, and it helps me in the days I feel down on myself, like, my current journey's taking so long, everything I see on that. I mean, people love... Women love  venting. I mean, all he's just saying is, whatever the other  public and how he says, this is unrealistic body standards. Don't compare yourself to women you see online, they're not real. I mean... ...where you're like, who's this guy wearing a  singlet talking about women? Well, this guy has been training women for over 15 years. Little coaching plug. Yes, and has helped thousands of women get in amazing shape. With the help of his amazing wife, mum... Our whole female team. So I'm surrounded by women, and we empower women to be better, to be fit and healthy, and to be naturally beautiful. Kylie, lip filler, and then sells a lipstick to make your lips. This isn't even  entertaining.
josiah narkowicz: I'm bored watching this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man, but... Okay, so, yeah, let's see another one. I'll give you 5k. One mil.
josiah narkowicz: Oh, this one.
Kyle Musca: Everyone's been sending me this video saying, do you think this girl has a BBL, has she had work done? Are her glutes natural? So let's go over it. If you look from the perfect angle, which obviously this video is well-planned, she knows her angle, she has a great body. She has great glutes. I'm not saying that. Let's just cut to the chase. I actually believe this girl's glutes are natural. Why? Because that's so important. People can say, this is my opinion, but what's your experience? You know, a great natural at a pole, what do you think? Well, I've been a personal trainer for 15 years. I've worked in the gym for 10 years. The video is the same  thing as the other video. I've a personal trainer for 15 years.
josiah narkowicz: I've helped women.
Kyle Musca: It's great XYZ. You know what mean? It's the same thing. It's just rinsed and repeat.
josiah narkowicz: So he's giving, like, this hook. He's asking a question. His review on, like, hey, is it real or not? Then he's like, hey, look, I've actually been, you know, what's that again? That's some...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what's your thoughts on this subject?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, like some social proof just saying that he's like, yeah, I've done this. I'm a coach, whatever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just like, it's just like, it's a, that's how you plug coaching. don't  go into the video and say, like, you know, if you want to grow glutes like this, go apply for coaching. It's just like, I've, it's social proof. It's, I've helped thousands. Other women, I'm, you know, the authority and the subject to say whether this is natty or not. What's your thoughts? And the other thing as well with these videos I'm noticing, the engagement, I mean, the likes to engagement, like, view ratio is  terrible. Like, obviously, you know, almost 5K likes is still a lot, but when you're considering  500,000 views, like, that's a, like, a 1%  engagement rate. Like, 10% is considered good, and 5% is considered, like, average.
josiah narkowicz: Okay.
Kyle Musca: But, in saying that, who's watching these? Women are watching these? Men are watching these? You know,  everyone's watching these all the way through.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, there's just no shortage of these types of videos. So, I would definitely dabble in similar stuff. Great thing about what this guy does. Is because he puts it like, see how he does the overlay, like in terms of the square?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You could literally just go download that video and then just like zoom right in so that becomes the entire screen. Like you don't actually have to find the original video. Does that make sense?
josiah narkowicz: 100%, okay. Yeah, okay. Okay, let's search this  guy's Instagram. And also with the Your Algorithm where you put in your interest, that updates by itself, doesn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. The other thing as well is he's leveraging famous people. So like, you know, that one above was Kylie Jenner, what the ? This one's about Megan Fox and this has got 1.5 mil, I mean. Women's response to Megan Fox, let's go. She looks older than 36. Her neck looks 58. She's overrated and a bad actress. I've seen way better beautiful women. What's with her weird Dracula mouth?
josiah narkowicz: Too much chrome, yuck. Do you reckon that's better to have his reaction in the background?
Kyle Musca: Nah.
josiah narkowicz: Or your face is a green screen come up?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just, if I was going to do it, I would just only have that and then, I mean, he could do it like his. He sets it up on the camera and stuff. You'd have to download it. You'd have to  find the editor to link it all and . That's a bit, you know, too much. I just like the green screen. It's nice and  simple.
josiah narkowicz: You can bang it out. Booty by Jax.
Kyle Musca: I mean, again, like, this as well. Like, this serves as a crazy thumbnail, dude. Like, these videos are selling themselves. He's not doing anything special by any means. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Thank
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, , okay. , son.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, same .
josiah narkowicz: So I can just basically screen record this, and then, what? Not just, like, what's it called again? Crop it to the... Yeah. So then I've got all these, and I can just do that for all the viral ones and repeat them with a similar script.
Kyle Musca: I would come from your own angle. Like, analyze what he said about and everything, but, like, he's, like, famous. So if you come from the... Well, not famous, but he's got a massive following. So if you come from too close of an angle or if you, you know, say the same , especially, you know, you risk being called out for that.
josiah narkowicz: Thank you. Have you ever been called? Oh, you recently got called out by that other  left-wing fuckwit, didn't you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I leveraged that pretty hard. That worked out in my favor.
josiah narkowicz: He actually ended up deleting his video. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So  that guy. But like, I mean, hate's not always bad. Yeah. I mean, like if you, as long as you, what you're saying is  based and, you know, you've got your, you know who your audience is. Because his audience is a bunch of like fat, you know, gay retards, essentially. Like, I'm not really, I'm not selling to them. I'm never going to work with them. I'm happy to piss them off all day long if, you know, younger men see that and then, you know, form more of a relationship with me because I'm not just some  .
josiah narkowicz: You know what mean? Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah. And again, 625 comments. So, I mean, if you can leverage hate, like forms of hate, it can actually work really, really well for you. Because that just started a huge, like, controversial thing where so many people were interacting with that coach, with that, with that. Man, the arguments that were going on in the comment section was so funny. But yeah, so it's like if you can get something like that going, 100%.
josiah narkowicz: It's like that other one that, so I got almost half a million views on that other one. Still going, bro. And in the comments is like almost 800 comments go down a bit. That one. It's still going, bro. I still get like likes every five seconds from it, but that one's going  crazy. It's got like 6K saves, 2,000 story shares, 800 comments, 10 cents, 10,000.
Kyle Musca: Also look at all the people commenting, you know. This is absolutely true. Friends only loved it when I wasn't doing so well. Cut the mouth doing better. Cut Now, never. People started talking more since I lost weight. That was only because I felt more confident. Well, this couldn't be more true. You know what mean? It's just a ton of women  agreeing with you because you validated their feelings. You know what mean? That's what you've done. So people love it when you either validate their feelings or you throw stones at a common enemy, which is essentially what this guy loves, like this guy does.
josiah narkowicz: He throws stones at common enemies. Throw them  stones. And validate. And you can almost do it in the same  video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. You can validate their feelings by throwing stones at someone else. Yeah, yeah, I ate today in a calorie deficit to hit 160 grams of protein. I started my day off with a breakfast skillet, so I had roasted potatoes. Videos like these do really, really well as well because people are intrigued to watch through right to the end. Similar concept to exactly what I just showed you here. You know, full day of eatings, the same, and  like, you know, this, where he, you know, you had to listen to my response to listen to his response for me to then respond, and people have to keep watching through, if that makes sense.
josiah narkowicz: So you responded to his video first before he actually spoke, or?
Kyle Musca: Nah, so this is my response, and then he responds, and then I went.
josiah narkowicz: I get you. So he says something smaller, and then you reply, and then he says again, and then you reply again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Because if I let, you know, my response go, and then his whole response go, and then I responded, it's just too much of the same thing. It drags out. But if, like, he says something, and I respond to what he said, and then it goes back to him, and then it goes back to me, it's like a back and forth, if that makes sense, rather than just, like, one whole thing, and then another whole thing.
josiah narkowicz: It breaks it up nicely, and I guess that's what those nutrition ones that I'm pretty sure you're working with that guy. He's, yeah, this guy as well, like, hey, I'm a fitness coach, we're going to review her  full day on a plate and check the calories. And then she goes, okay, well, I had this and this for breakfast. All right, this one's got X amount of protein, blah, blah, blah. Let's see what she has for lunch. Then it snaps back to the video, and it's, like, a bit more of an engaging kind of thing to watch the whole way through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I wonder if this guy has done something to  his account, because his views look down a little bit more than what they used to be.
josiah narkowicz: He's been doing a lot more different stuff lately about, like, he's trying to be more controversial, I find.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I haven't really watched his recent stuff.
josiah narkowicz: He was popping off when he was doing the calorie reviews.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, so, yeah, you've already seen it. Yeah, he would do. He would like review, you know, breakfast, for example, and then she would say what lunch is, and then he would review what lunch is, and then she would say what dinner isn't, you know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: So it's back and forth. Trouble is that they're so much harder to make, more time-consuming.
Kyle Musca: They are to a degree, but like for what I did on, you know, that one I showed you with James, for example, and I've done a few of them recently. What I would recommend doing there is just react to like, basically have your head, wherever you have your head in the video, but just like record the whole thing of like, let me  pull it up.
josiah narkowicz: What are your thoughts on wearing some, like just some stupid clothes, like a cowboy hat, I don't know, whatever.
Kyle Musca: Um, I I wouldn't, I would try and make it like, not look gimmicky or anything like that. Yeah. You know, you want to be seen from a place of authority, not like a jester type  thing, you know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: You're a monkey jumping through. Oops.
Kyle Musca: But like, so for example, what I did is I just, I can't remember which one was my actual, oh yeah. So I'm pretty sure, yeah, I just recorded this whole video, all right?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, see, I'm up in the top corner here. I just recorded his whole reaction like this, and then I just went back and I cut it, and then I spoke in between, if that makes sense. So it's not like I filmed a portion of what he said, and then I recorded what I said, and then I go back to, you know, him saying it, and like, continuing recording. That's already been recorded. I'll show you what I mean. I wish you could, like, hold it here. No,  it. Wait till his head comes up, because it'll, it'll make it more, more sense. Okay. So, yeah, see how I'm up here? Yeah. I recorded his entire, like, video in one go, and then I went back, like, let's say, like, a third of the video in, and then I just cut it there, and then I reacted to that piece. So when I continued playing what he says afterwards, I didn't have to, like, re-put my head up in the corner and  do that again.
josiah narkowicz: It was already just recorded. Okay. You just cut it like that. Yeah, you cut it, like, three quarters through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you film the whole thing, and then you cut back, and then you put the pieces that you want to talk in between that. And I had to cut a lot of what he said as well, because you just don't want the videos dragging on. He was just  waffling.
josiah narkowicz: Like, he said, like, two minutes of nothing. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But, yeah, I think if you implement those things with the polls engagement, adding just the straight CTA to go apply for coaching. Okay. Yeah. Man. Right. And then I also think, yeah, start dabbling into more of this style of content because that is what is working for you. it's a great, great demographic to get amongst. So 25 to 45, as you just said, their main focuses are on, you know, visual changes. Obviously, they want to look good and everything, but realistically, like 25 to like realistically, probably like 35, 40 is where it starts to cap, is like they want to look good in a bikini. They want to feel  in a tight dress. You know, they want to be their best visual self, whereas like 45 to like, you know, plus is like menopause and hormones and stuff. They don't really care about looking as good anymore. Like they obviously want to lose weight, but they don't want to be  their  popping in a bikini or something. You know what mean? It's, so you've got, yeah, you've got to understand like who you're trying to sell to and the needs that they're trying to, you know, they have. You know what Because if you try and sell looking   in a bikini to 50, it's just going to be like you're an idiot. But if you try and sell that to a girl in her 30s, she's going to be like, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Yes, that is exactly what I want. I don't discriminate, mate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it's just a completely different message, you know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. And then you're optimizing for like future business as well because then you get, you know, five or so clients, female clients that have like 10, they're like micro-influencers, maybe one big influencer. And then it's like a Sky Wheatley EBT situation where he gets 100 online clients in like six months and then he's, that's his career sorted.
Kyle Musca: So, well, yeah, it's a, so that's affiliate marketing. So affiliate marketing works  wonders if you can do it. You just have to be kind of someone before you can do it, you know what I mean? Like if you had like, let's say 5,000  followers and you, you know, didn't really make content or anything and you go ask Sky Wheatley, hey, do you want to do an affiliate thing, she's going to be like, shut the  up, you weirdo. She's not even going to reply to you. But if you were booties by Jax and you went to Skywheeling, like, hey, let's do an affiliate program, she'd probably jump at the opportunity. She's jumped at the opportunity with George, and George is a good mate of mine, but again, he's definitely not maximizing that opportunity, because if he did it right, he'd be  overrun with clients. But yeah, like, if you can get, so essentially you have to become this guy before you become that guy, if that makes sense.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, you've got to have some street cred.
Kyle Musca: Exactly, exactly.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, and just  views on your reels.
Kyle Musca: You just have to be someone, you know what mean? Like, you just have to be someone.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: When really, you know, you're not really anyone, but you're someone to them.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. Online, just, you've got that engagement going for you, but , he's posted almost 3,000 posts. So, I'd expect him to have more followers by now, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Well, his engagement's pretty... I mean, when you get to these large engagements, like these large followings, your engagement rates are pretty , I'm not going to lie. But like, I mean, he's still getting plenty of views, man. Like he, you know, I, unless he's a complete retard, I can guarantee you, he's not struggling with finances or clients at all.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Like if you're getting, like he'd be getting millions and millions of views on his socials, like he, you know, he's the go-to guy for, like I don't even watch his content, I don't, I never see him pop up in my feed, but I even know he's the go-to guy for building glutes.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because, and I've never even, I mean, he uses his girlfriend and stuff a lot, but I've never actually seen him build glutes, I just know he talks about glutes a lot, so thereby, therefore he's associated, in my mind, with building glutes. I mean, and that's why I react to mainly men doing . Men losing weight, men training, men, you know, body positivity, whatever the . You know what mean? It's all, I'm reacting to all men because that's just who I want to talk to.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I have done some women's stuff in the past, like if it's kind of relevant, but like at the same time, there's no point because even if a girl saw that and resonated with it, like I wouldn't really even take a run anyway.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah. Some of your videos are pretty unhinged, so it's funny.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you've got the same thing. Like you've got that sort of personality that makes social media, and that's why your videos are, you know, doing well. You know what mean? So it's just like you've just got to keep showing your personality, and you'd be  sweet.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I don't really have a problem with talking to the camera or what to say. It's more that I'm just  a bit lazy sometimes, so I need to just get it done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's why, like, for me, first thing on Monday is, like, I'm filming content in that two hours. If I leave it to the back end of the week, I'm not doing it. It's like Monday, Tuesday are my main content days. I need to get them done. Because realistically, that is your top priority task. You know what mean? Like, if you had to do one thing, like, it's always good to look at the day. It's like, if I do one thing today, what is the most important thing that I need to get done? You know, on Monday, it is I need to film content for the week. On Tuesday, it's I need to film ads for the week. So, for example, this Tuesday, I didn't feel like doing it. filmed a whole video. Realized the mic wasn't connected properly. And I was, like, wasted an hour and a half. was like, dude, I'm going to be so close to throwing the towel. But reminded myself, like, that is, if I only do one thing today, it's I need to film these  videos.
josiah narkowicz: You know what mean? I can usually, like, it only took me three hours to bang out ten. Like, so I thought that was a pretty good, you know, while we're getting, you know, just used to it.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. And. That will get quicker with time, you know what mean? And that's, again, the consistency thing because it's been taking me longer to film content than usual. But if I do it for three, four weeks in a row, then I can bang out, you know, nine in an hour, nine in two hours max.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it becomes more efficient the more often you do it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I've got the reaction style videos pre-dialled in and I'm just, I'm rolling with that sound as well. I don't know if that's working for me, but it seems to be good because I've put it on every single one. So then people are associating that sound with like my videos as well, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if it broke, if it's, you know, if things are going viral, then it's like, don't look at taking stuff away. Just like, look at how can I add little things, little 1% of things like the polls, the CTAs, stuff like that, just to drive more.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay, that'll all be in the dossier for this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, it should be. That's what the Fathom records, so as long as it was in here for pretty much all of that. Again, as I said the other day in that text message, man, if you can become known for just the reacts, I don't even  around with other styles of content. I could, but there's just no point. My highest leverage content is easily the reactions, and if I can get them pumping, man, I have no problem getting clients at all. Like, have, the problem I have is I can't reach out to all the  clients that are inquiring, you know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: So, yeah. I did, I did have more questions about stories and that. Like, I think next week if we talk a bit more in depth about stories, because I'm struggling with that a little bit as well, it just feels very just repetitive, and I'm posting the same ones, and I don't know, I just get a bit annoyed with it. But, so, yeah, we can touch on that another time.
Kyle Musca: I know you're busy, but. Yeah, yeah, no, absolutely. Otherwise, um. I'm one. Yeah, Feel free to shoot me a message through on WhatsApp if you have any sort of, you know, stuff you want to chat about.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah, sweet, bro.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right. Well, yeah. If over the next week, man, like you can just dial in on that stuff, man, I reckon you'll be pretty golden. You'll get, as you said, you already got two inquiries from that video yesterday. So it's like, understand that the inquiries are directly going to come from how much content you can put out there.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it's just more numbers into the system, and then you're getting more social proof as a result to then inject back into the front end of it. And all you have to do is like more numbers, more output in the front end, and they're going to spit more out the back end. So I don't know if that made sense, but yeah, just more output, more volume, optimizing, remove friction points. And I'll try and get some content done before I go to Tassie as well, because like while I'm there, it's probably just. some notes. Yeah, not ideal. So yeah, I'll have a week's worth ready to go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely stockpile it. And the other thing as well, like just as a general marketing rule, man, people will buy from the first person they see in a buying mindset rather than the person they like the most. You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: So that's just another reason why consistency is so important.
Kyle Musca: Along with the common knowledge of like, you know, you need at least seven touch points before you really start building trust with someone. But like, you know, if you're, let's say your competition is like Adam Sullivan and EBT and , if you can just  pop up on a video when they're in talking about  female weight loss or something, when they're in that buying mindset and they're motivated to take that next step, they'll go with you over EBT.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah, I get that. 100%.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool, bro. All right, well, I'll get back to it, man. And yeah, just shoot me any message. Have a great weekend, brother. Awesome. You too. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 72/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-28T04:55:49Z | id:117672157
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. I think it's a short form because that's the only thing that's not loading for me at the moment. Cool, bro. All right, we'll dive into things, man.
jese Smith-shields: How has this week gone overall? Yeah, this week's been pretty good, actually. The close rate's gone up. I let go of Ashley, and then I just started taking more calls for myself and then just pushing a little bit more into Marcus's availability.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man. So how many calls were booked in total?
jese Smith-shields: Is that JotForm loading up for you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, JotForm just refuses to load for me at the moment. Do you have the CO dashboard?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think it's saved it. That's the geese here. That'll tell us all the stuff we need to know. Why can you never find anything when you need it?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it never works out that way, does it? I do, though. .
Kyle Musca: So what I'll do now is I'll start scaling this a little bit harder. Cost per lead was starting to increase there, but I think it's not necessarily a bad thing if the rest of the figures are looking good. So one thing I'm a little bit concerned about is how we're having 117, 111% booking rate. So that may be a thing of just not, let's figure that out. Why is nothing just working the way it should work?
jese Smith-shields: Technology.
Kyle Musca: The contacts filtered from tag. Oh, God. After the 21st, before the 27th, so 17th, so that's decently accurate, I guess, a little bit off, but so curious how we got 21 ad bookings. Has she combined organic, potentially?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, she might have, because we actually had a few book in through shields as well.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so suss that out, because we need clear data on that. The other thing I could say is maybe she's... So I assume what's happened here is click-through rates there are good, nothing out of the ordinary. So most of them are older, which is good. The majority are working full-time, which is good. So, I mean, get nothing out of the ordinary there. Maybe, I mean, maybe she's booked some students in there, potentially. I don't know. I'd suss that out just because if she's doing organics as well, that's fantastic. But there's an organic tab part here. Yeah, okay. It was like, just add it in there so we can track everything nice and evenly. It's a bit different, you know, how much, obviously, we want to know what's coming from what ads, what's coming from organic. Lead cost, again, you can see that slowly, or not slowly, that's pretty rapidly from that too, and then slowly across the last week. I've been sort of scaling the ads and turning off sort of losers. We've got those new graphics up there. So that will take some time to sort of play around and see, you know, what the winners are out of that. But how's Kiana, Kiana filmed those ad scripts, hey?
jese Smith-shields: Let's Let's Let's go. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any update on... Oh, wait, you sent them to me, didn't you?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I sent them to you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So, I'm  extremely fat out of this week. I do have a reminder to get them up today, actually. Yeah. So, a higher cost per lead isn't necessarily awful if the lead quality is good. So, I mean, like, closing rate's still pretty low, though.
jese Smith-shields: That could definitely be bad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, every other metric here is looking good. It's just the sales... So, 20 calls taken. It's a really good shop right there. Usually, kind of an indicator that intent's pretty good. Cost per call. So, that's a main... Okay, again, that's, you know, obviously skewed there. But, like, if it is sitting around $50, that's pretty good. Cost per acquisition is still good. Realistically, anything under $300, I would say, is a good cost. You can realistically go up to like 500, but we don't want to obviously be seeing those numbers. The lot we can get that, better. And then, yeah, again, this is still your big bottleneck here, because if you could get this up to like 40%, I mean, let's have a sales made. Let's say you got, let's kind of say you got eight. Yeah, that would half your cost per acquisition. So, that's definitely something we want to get on top of. What's, so, is it, this week, has it just been Marcus taking calls and you taking calls?
jese Smith-shields: No, sorry, I only just let go of Ash today. So, it's been a little bit of Ash, but mostly, oh, actually, we actually didn't, I feel like we actually didn't have too many book in over this week. I took three and closed, I'm going to have to look at that data, because I don't believe I that that data is right because I closed three myself and I know that Mark has closed more than that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would spend the time just to make sure that this is being done properly because we will make decisions off this. the metrics are skewed, then we'll make the wrong decision essentially. So it's really, really important that that's refined. Okay, what I'm sort of noticing, you know, across a lot of people's different accounts, including my own, is I think just with the time period being, you know, the end of January, man, I would assume what's happened is like everyone that was serious kind of did something at the end of December or start of January. And now it's like you're getting those like less committed sort of people that, you know, it's a bit of a gray area. Ideally, I'm hoping that, you know, come into February, it would just be a sort of like a fresh start, like it would be a bit of a psychological. Shift for people. Hopefully, we see people re-enter into the market a little bit there, but I'm seeing that pretty sort of common across different people's accounts. So I would say, unfortunately, it's just a shift in time period.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I did notice over the last couple of years in January, it was normally like one of my worst moments.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. People have already  done something by that point in time. Anyone that was serious doesn't wait until the end of January to start. It's like a start of January type thing. So, again, I usually find with that, you know, the start of a new month kind of like resets it, kind of like the start of a new week for people. So hopefully, we see that come down a little bit there. Cool, bro. What do you, is anything particular you want to cover in this call?
jese Smith-shields: No, I feel like everything's rolling smooth. already know, obviously, what the bottlenecks are. It's just that close rate. So I believe me stepping back in and doing, I wouldn't say majority, but... Most of the ones throughout the day, and then just using Marcus's availability when we can, that definitely would increase that. I'm not even going to try and bother getting another closer, if I'm honest with you. I'll just sit in and do the own, the sales train with Tommy as well, because I ain't confident enough to do them. I just don't necessarily enjoy doing them, but we've obviously lost out on a lot of money over the last month or so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, there we go. Yeah. Yeah, it's a bit of a kick in dick. I'm like, you know, it feels like there's definitely other things that you could be doing. But it's always like. Even if you did build out a sales team, I would not suggest you take the finger off the pulse of the sales. Like I started taking four again myself just to sort of analyze lead flow and just to make sure that you sort of understand the process yourself in and out. And especially while you're trying to figure out getting a good closer in that position, then yeah, I'm unfortunately sort of have to step in and take a little bit more of the...
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, which I'm going to do. I'll just jump back in. Because I actually don't have too much of a client load at the moment for myself. So I'll just try to use that to fill out my time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. What I'll do, is I will scale these a little bit harder. I kind of, you know, pull back a little bit just to sort of test and try and find some winners. But with the new videos and the new graphics, like we'll have a little bit more of a budget to sort of spread across it. So I'll scale that a little bit more just to try and find, you know, some of those winners in there. So, you know, what's your cost per result is really, really good. Like that's really, really healthy. Obviously, we just want to be, we just want the cream of the crop and to wear the cost per list. That's where it's at. Also, for your own sort of sake as well, I like when you come in here, it's important not to just take things at like surface level. So the further you go into it, you'll start to see, you know, your cost per list either decrease or increase depending on, you which campaigns it's really starting to push. So, for example, like this is the new one. It's only spent $62 and it's gotten one lead out of that, but a really good cost per result. What that's essentially telling me is it's trying to figure out who it should target. And I'd say probably what's happening here is one, there's two things. One is it's either, you know, probably just going to younger girls who aren't working full time, not qualified. Well, the other thing that's, you know, it's good to be cautious about is making sure that the trigger word is actually. So if it's results, which it should be, I had add that one in. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. When did you add that one in? I saw one come through and it didn't click into the many chats and then I had to quickly run in and add it in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. then just a little mind, just do what the results is. Messages results, yeah, perfect. I should change, save it. Yeah, cool. So yeah, just be real cautious about that because, yeah. So yeah, just because if, you know, if we don't add it as a trigger word, it won't pull the lead through to the actual ad account. Yeah. And then same thing. I'll make a decision based off of that. If I turn this off when this could actually be a really, you know. Again, pulling in a cost per result of under $5, if that's translating over to a lead, if that's even got one lead out of that, a cost per lead of $15 is  insanely good. So we don't want to risk turning that off accidentally. What I might do as well on that is just based off that. I might remove that from the feed. If that's there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, don't particularly look into this too much, Thomas, will you? No, it's confusing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I can admit it.
jese Smith-shields: designs it. Yeah, I tried doing my own ads a while ago.
Kyle Musca: I don't want to borrow them. You're... off, mate. I know. Sorry. Yeah. Oh, mate. Let's go. So that one should fix it there. Cool. So I'll keep a close eye on that. I've kind of seen it across most people's accounts. It'll creep up a little bit during this period of time. It's a  time. Sick, man. Okay. I've also got it as a still note to write the scripts and everything like that for the lead magnet stuff. Yeah. So how are you going?
jese Smith-shields: How are tracking with all that stuff? I've got the landing page built out. I'm just waiting for the content off. JT has been dragging us, actually. So I've hit him up again today for it. I'm hoping to get it back so I can plug in all that content into it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Beautiful. Again, probably the best and easiest thing for us to do there would just be to design some graphics just to, you know, get motion through it, essentially. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So have you, and then the other thing too is if we're going to run it through the ShieldsFit account, you'll just need to set up a meta account and everything like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I've already got that all set up. So I've got the meta and many chat. I'll just have to plug you into both of them.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: But yeah, they're already pretty much set up.
Kyle Musca: Okay, beautiful. Have you got the Cappy added to the many chat? No. Okay, so yeah, you should reach out to Michael just to get it done. He's already done one for you. Has he done two for you?
jese Smith-shields: I think he did one and then he had to come in and edit it.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so just be like, hey man, can I just get this done for my other account? then, like I, because I do a bit through him, like he'll charge me 150 USD.
jese Smith-shields: So just ask him if there's any better rate he can do. Should we have to save a little bit there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. And then what I'm currently doing in the back end for my stuff, man, is I'm looking to bring on like a... The whole creative team with, like, copywriters and everything like that. So I'm going to test it and make sure it was properly done first. But if that all works out, what I'll more than likely do is just start getting to work on, you your account and everything like that as well.
jese Smith-shields: Probably pretty soon.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's where something like a lead magnet would really come into play because, you know, you can put them into, like, a longer-term email nurturing sequence and go from there. Okay, cool. So with the graphics, just so you're aware, we'll do some where it is, you know, specific to, like, the normal Instagram graphics we do. And then I reckon we do some, like, more professional-style ones and just sort of see which ones perform a little bit better. Lucky is really good for that.
jese Smith-shields: Do you have Lucky's contact? Yeah, I tried. I tried testing out Lucky again for, like, something that was, like, a little bit more professional just to see how you went with it. Yeah, and then that wasn't very good.
Kyle Musca: Oh. Okay. don't Okay, what did you get him to do?
jese Smith-shields: I was looking at trying to do like a magazine sort of design of like a female hit magazine sort of design. And I gave him the examples and everything like that. And what he put across, I didn't even have time to go back and forth with what to correct on it.
Kyle Musca: So I just left that one as it is. Yeah, okay. That's strange. He's usually really good with the more professional stuff, to be honest. Like I tried to get him to do some graphics, Instagram graphics, and he was doing my  head in.
jese Smith-shields: not going lie.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, usually he's pretty good with the actual style.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Graphics. I mean, I can try again. But yeah, I tried the last one. I was like, oh, , I can't even be bothered going back and forth with you right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I would kind of just send him an example and be like, man, I need to do an example. Exactly like this.
jese Smith-shields: If you can't do it, just let me know because I'm not. pain, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then, I mean, the other thing I've done, like I've done, when I did the lead magnet stuff, let me see if I can find it. Sure, lead magnets room.
jese Smith-shields: I had your guy build out those pipelines in GHL too.
Kyle Musca: Which one's that, sorry? Oh, the organic one.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, the, um, no, not the organic, just the stages of, I got him to build out a few different ones. So I went to build out the organic one, the pipeline of like where the clients are at, because I have noticed that our LTV was a little bit lower than what it usually is. But I'm not too sure if that was just at that time of the year. And then I got him to build out a payment structure one. He's actually quite good. I don't mind him.
Kyle Musca: mind mind him. He's the Nigerian one?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, what's his name? Joseph.
Kyle Musca: yeah. Yeah, Joseph's pretty, pretty onto it. Yeah. Okay. Okay, perfect. So, trying to find out. have to go into my ad account. Let me see if I can do this in a minute or so. If it's standards or I don't want to, I'll just explain it. Yeah, cool. Okay. So, when I did my, so there's pretty much three different. Thank Graphics I've run with here. One is obviously the normal Instagram style graphics that we do. Another one that I did that worked really well, it's just because I wanted to see if it would even work. It's just something like this, where I literally just screenshotted the cover and I just said, you want a free 12-week program, DME program, and all of sudden it was like literally that. What's cool here is like, I assume you probably have a title for each, because you're doing like little two-minute mini-series, aren't you?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would do there is I would pretty much create, you know, a different version of each title, if that makes sense.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. And just use those like separate sort of advertisement points to see which one kind of works and what one doesn't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, just play around with them. And then with lead magnets, I think if we're going to do a direct lead magnet, we essentially want to base. Basically copy this flow and just do it like we still want to qualify them. I used to kind of go down the avenue and just kind of send it to them, but like,  them. If they're not going to go through the qualification thing, then they don't get the resource. It would be, what I would do here is I would speak to, if we're going to do this, again, this is a real, like, lead magnets are really, really good tools to build your emailing list. So what I would do is essentially something like this, where it's like, hey, just so I know the best resource to send you, you know, what is, actually I built this for someone else the other day. Let me quickly pull it up. I might even just duplicate it straight into your account. Yeah, hey, good, yeah. Original message, just so I can send you the most relevant one, let's, you know, run, you know, so you'd say I filmed a whole mini-series just so I can send you the most relevant video to what you're struggling with. Just let's run through a few quick questions. What would be your main goal? And then obviously we can add some social proof in there. Cool. What do you feel like you're struggling with most? So essentially before that, it's not like I helped, you know, X, Y, Z do this. It's like, you know, Lara helped lose 15 kilos. She kept it off using the methods in this framework. Yeah. Essentially. So it's not, essentially I helped it directly through coaching, but it's more so using the methods from this video.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, that makes sense. And then lastly, just so I can include things that align with your schedule, what's best current situation? Okay. Again, obviously just trying to qualify. Yeah. A lot of them actually work all the time. That would just kind of, this again just tells us like, let's focus on trying to transition these. And then it's like cool access here. The only thing I would change here is if we're going to, I would probably just start with this one. It's like cool access it here and we can attach the link. Ideally, but what we'd want to do is you'd want to set up a, like a Zapier connection between go high level and many chat. So Joseph would be the guy for that. And essentially it'd be like, cool. Okay, great. You could even set up a, so this is getting a little bit techie, but you can set up conditions in many chat to say like, you know, based off of this answer and this answer, this is what you'd send them. Yeah. Okay. A little bit techie. To be fair, is it like a video series where they get access to everything?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So what I would do is, you know, I wouldn't even get that specialized with it. Be like, cool. Thanks for all that. I'll send you through the mini series now. What's the best?
jese Smith-shields: Well, the thing with what we've created on the landing page, actually, the way to get into the landing page, you have to give your email and first and last name, and then that's already connected to our GHL at the moment. that would already be pulling.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Do you have the landing page built out?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I can send it to us too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you want to send me that. Yeah. So ManyChat and the landing page essentially does the exact same thing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The only issue with, it would do the exact same thing. It really, it doesn't matter. But the only issue with that is you kind of want to qualify them a little bit more.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. That's what I was like trying to think of just then was how can I either qualify them and then push them into this or come up with a different, different way of And Still send it across to them, but then just not really worry about them.
Kyle Musca: So essentially you would just put this whole thing into a multi-step conditional logic form. Yeah. So it's like, so I can send you the right one. Let's run through a few quick questions. X, Y, Z. Cool. Based off all that, you know.
jese Smith-shields: Actually.
Kyle Musca: I'll let you pull it up so I can actually show you.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Probably don't put your email on that one or you're going to get hit with all our emails.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do, yeah, do you have the second link page?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I should.
Kyle Musca: So. Because what I would do here, ideally, I'm not familiar with learning, do you know if you can do a multi-step form?
jese Smith-shields: Um, I didn't create this, if I'm being really honest with you.
Kyle Musca: So multi-step forms work well, because it's like this. So it's like name, basic. Multi-step forms work well, because it gets them some skin in the game before, you know, um, like if you have it like this, they can see all the questions they're going to be asked. Yeah. this button, it's like, okay, a little bit of skin in the game. Uh, where should I email it? Makes sense. A little bit more skin in the game. What is your phone number? Whatever. Skin in the game. You wouldn't need shipping address, so I wouldn't add that one. Uh, and then you've got your qualification questions. Which is essentially what you'd want to do, and that's basically what would you want to put in here. Um, what I would do here is just combine these two questions, uh, combine these two questions, um, into, well, wait, this is not your one.me Yeah, that's fine. Combine the age and the job. So essentially, it'd be like, where are you in your business journey? And then you as justified, so I can help map, so I can help cater things to your schedule. What best describes your current situation or whatever you ask. Under 21, over 21. So yeah, drop down under 21, over 21. Or you might even want get a little bit more technical, you know, 20 to 30, 30 to 40, whatever. Yeah. Working full-time, not working, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Now, what you could do from there, and this is why I kind of wouldn't have it as, I mean, it could reroute, but essentially, like, what would happen in those things here, I press register and everyone gets access to it, right? What I would do instead is, so you need the qualifications so you know who you should be contacting, because, you know, if you're going If do this, either need a setter to phone set or I would probably say for you, again, kicking the testicles, but just to kind of feel it out, I would just call everyone just to get used to it and just to suss it out. But if they're qualified, you basically want to reroute them to a, so if they're not qualified, it's like, cool, here's the mini course, like have fun, go to town. If they are qualified, it's like, great, I've just sent that through to your email. While you wait, watch this video. And it's then a VSL that basically says, you know, what the course is about, who it's designed for, and then you just add social proof. And then like, because we want to help you get the most out of it, we are also happy to, you know, book in a free 15-minute roadmap call just to point you in the right direction.
jese Smith-shields: Okay.
Kyle Musca: All right, and then one, you'd give them a self-booking option, so ideally they self-book, but again, anyone that doesn't. Self-book, it's like you call.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. As like a triage call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially. Yeah. Technically, because they're qualified, and again, just to make things nice and simple, because they're qualified, I would just initially, that self, if the self-book call would just be straight to a closing call.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then if you're getting like a lot of time wasters on or whatever, it's like it's better to tighten the nozzle. But as long as you're getting as much flow as possible through it to start with, to make sure it works.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Okay. No, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And if you want to, you know, sort of see how that works, I would just come to, yeah, Alex's acquisition thing, and then just go through this, because if I click, I think we've done this before.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I did it today to test that as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it'll take me through a VSL. Yeah. And then, and then I did it, I think from when we did this last, I actually got someone call me and say, Oh, Yeah, so that's that way of going about it. Any questions on that?
jese Smith-shields: No, that's all pretty self-explanatory.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think a multi-step form and conditional logic is pretty, like, very important to have there. So, again, just depends on this learning hub thing, depends on whatever he built this on, maybe, whatever.
jese Smith-shields: Depends if they have that capability. Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then the other thing, too, I mean, again, this is just getting nitty-gritty, but if they said they're, you know, student apprentice or something like that, you could say, just because you've downloaded this series, I'm going to give you access, and then load tickets straight into an upsell. Yeah. I mean, you could give you this for, like, $15 a week or something like that. Usually valued at $59, $69, $79 a week. I give it to you for, you know, just 19 bucks or something.
jese Smith-shields: I could essentially just do this straight off, like, the ManyChat sort of DM setting. Could I not?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's the exact same thing. The reason I like ManyChat a little bit better is, one, it's just easier to build out and turn around. But two, you can continue the conversation on native Instagram DMs. So it's like you don't need a phone setter and everything like that. I mean, females might be a little bit different, but when I played around with the opt-in form sort of set, it's like you call people and the  show, like, the pickup rate's horrible, man. People don't like picking up their phone numbers that they don't recognize anymore.
jese Smith-shields: You know what mean? Yeah, no, I've tested that out too. And yeah, the return on that wasn't worth my time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think, you know, personally, I would probably, because I'm going to build it out first, like my own one, for the breakeven phone I was speaking about, I'm going to run it through ManyChat first. Um, yeah, I'm going to run through Manichat first.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. No, I do like Manichat.
Kyle Musca: Um, helps you qualify, helps you do everything you need, and it's just easier.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, cool. Now, this is the other thing. Did I send you the lead mag script?
jese Smith-shields: Um, no, I don't think so.
Kyle Musca: Um, pretty, obviously, similar to the normal script, it's just a different word. Um. Now, the other thing is I'll change on this, because was thinking about this the other day, is it tries to transition into the coaching offer in the script, which I wouldn't do. I'm change my mind on that. I would just say, you know, do you want to jump on up my hopes? You know, jump on a 10, 15-minute call to sort of, okay, so, you know, a lot of guys that coach are on a similar spot, DISC, I'd even probably change this, but like, let's say goal struggle, know, financial qualify, off the top of my head, I'll probably, I'll sit down and rewrite this one in a moment, but, okay, sweet. So it sounds like you're pretty serious about achieving your goals, which is awesome. So, you know, I don't use it however you'd word it, but essentially happy to jump on like a 15-minute call just to, you know, sort of give a little bit more information or something like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so like just really low friction, no commitment terminology. I wouldn't even talk about coaching or packages or anything like that. It's more so like, you know, happy to jump on a roadmap call, help me map out the next sort of three months.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, you just want to get them on the call and it's like once you have them on the call, it's much easier to transition into the coaching offer.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, and try and use that as like a little bit of like an upsell sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's just like cool. Um, yeah. Yeah. You basically just do the sales call the exact same way. Obviously just keeping in mind that it wasn't a direct coaching intent. Um, but essentially, let's say you do the mini series, you know, I guess, you know, how long are trying to lose that? Oh, six months. Okay. I guess like, you know, why, why, why now? Like, why have you decided to sort of, you know, get this sort of mini series and start really looking into it now? I mean, you just like change the wording slightly, but other than that, it's the same sort of flow.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. No, I can say that would work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then like right at the end, be like, okay, cool. Well, um, look, you know, based off everything you've told me, um, you know, sounds like you're serious about losing the weight. Um, you know, I definitely think that what we do on the team would work really, really well for you out of curiosity. Have you ever thought about sort of potentially getting a coach to help just get this sorted for you? Yeah. Cool. No, sweet. Well, what I can do is I can just run you through the different packages and stuff like that and see if it's going to save you. Yeah. Cool. And then you just go into it. So what I'm going to do, actually, I'm going to write a task. This has been on top of my mind to do. Yeah, but otherwise, that should be absolutely fine.
jese Smith-shields: just kept that nice and clean.
Kyle Musca: With then, as well, these are going to be lower intense. And so, I mean, you might want to take a few just to sort of feel them out, but, you know, if you're going to take calls, I would just focus on direct. Correct response since the closers can take those ones.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. What's Marcus's close rate so far?
jese Smith-shields: Do you know? I can get that information for you. I'll get that breakdown. I'll send it across to you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
jese Smith-shields: Off the top of my head, it's about four from six.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Okay, solid. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And he's taken those calls this week.
jese Smith-shields: Towards the end of last week.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that should still be counted in, yeah, this is Wednesday, Wednesday, so that should still be counted, yeah. I'd say, by the looks of things, this whole thing is just  skewed. So I'd have a chat to you via and just, like, suss that out. And it probably is more so, I mean, the closing total calls that was made, that's... Oh, what that would be is that would be Marcus's, and she's probably not taking into consideration you're...
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that's probably right.
Kyle Musca: How many sales did you make?
jese Smith-shields: I made three.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so realistically, that would be seven. So 35% overall close rate.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, and then she's obviously put in organic into that because we actually, we had a fair few bookings actually come through shields.
Kyle Musca: Yes, yeah, I'd say that's exactly what's happened. So I would just make sure she knows that you're taking calls and you have your clothes as she says she can suss it out. And then, yeah, I would just get her to start. I mean, she's already doing all this, so I would just get her to do, make sure she's done.
jese Smith-shields: I don't think I've actually pointed out to her what's an organic sale and what's an ad sale.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so.
jese Smith-shields: She's already started on those. Organic on the left, hasn't she?
Kyle Musca: The previous one? No. She might have, but I think that was already, because, like, all this data was already pre-filled. So that's just, like, other . And careful not to delete this , because if you delete a formula, it won't come back. But otherwise, depending on, obviously, the rest of this data, but, like,  15 return on investment is very  good.
jese Smith-shields: So we're sitting very happily there. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Based off that close rate, again, that will change depending on how many of these were organic and how many were ads. But the cost per acquisition is, you know, if we can do that at 140 and 140 for a cost per acquisition and lifetime value is, like, let's say, 2,000, like, you're  cheering.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, no, that's better.
Kyle Musca: The other good thing about this as well, just so you're aware, is because, you know, we've got, we're charging higher rates with the packages, man. Now, lifetime value will increase on that. when you said... Lifetime value before as well. you going off time a part of the program or money actually spent?
jese Smith-shields: I was noticing that we were having a lot of people try and jump out before obviously the minimum term more than frequent.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So is there a common correlation of what is causing that?
jese Smith-shields: Supposedly, they just can't afford it.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So it depends on the payment structures and everything like that and what they deposit. This is why I'm very, very big on following these payment structures. Oh, my gosh, mate. Do you use this one? Yeah. Yeah, especially for closers as well? I'm very, very big Big on them doing it because it's like the deposit one shows that they have the cash disposable income to, you know, afford the repayments, but it also means that they've bought in at the start. it's like if they've already paid $1,500, I'm very unlikely that they'll pull out for $400 a month. I mean, and even if they do, like they only have to get two months into the program to, you know, get to an acceptable lifetime value. Yeah. Like realistically, like ideally you'd want your lifetime value to be sitting around $2,500, like $2,500. But, you know, as long as someone's covered $2,000, it's like, okay, well, that's acceptable.
jese Smith-shields: You know what mean? Yeah. I have noticed that there is a large difference in between the people who pay more upfront than what the people do as like a small deposit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like I sat down and spent so much time building this because it was doing my  head in that people would go and like payment plans of, you know, $3,500 or $160 a week or something like that and just like constantly pull out. Like it was just  me off. So much, you know, realistically, even that's, you know, 600 a month. So it's like, I wouldn't even drop to that one, be honest, but like, just following the structure of this, worst case, it's a couple of worse. But yeah, otherwise, it's just like, go straight into a downsell, like, the downsell option should be the weekly package option, like this. So, call package and above, I'd be very stern on, like, you need to cover this. If they can't cover that, don't offer, take it off the table before I'm downsell. And then, this is where I'd be a little bit more flexible.
jese Smith-shields: So, it's like, ideally, we want to try and get more of a deposit out of it, but worse comes to worse, if they cover 500 and then 400 a month after that point, it's like, okay, well, that's acceptable. Yeah, no, that makes sense. I do prefer the monthly payments. I've got way too many missed weekly payments.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I always offer monthly just because, one, it sounds better, but two, it's just less payments going through the system. So, less likelihood of, one, them failing. But if they do fail, you know, it's like you can chase up one payment instead of chasing up  four.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. I've got way too many missed weekly payments.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That was a big issue, you know, a few months ago when we spoke. Has that improved?
jese Smith-shields: It has since I converted into like this sort of payment, but even still, like even like my active and current clients, they're always behind on payments.
Kyle Musca: Are you getting your VA to send out the fail? Yeah. Okay. What do I do there?
jese Smith-shields: Because again, does she update you on whose payments have failed? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she does. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, I get her to do, so for me, it's like, give me a list of everyone who's, once you've sent two notices out, give me a list of everyone whose payments failed so I can then reach out personally. Hey man, like my billing, I just spoke, I just got scolded by my billing team because, you know, apparently a few. Bye. Payments have failed. So I thought I'll just reach out and make sure you're okay. Something like that. And then it's like, by the time the third payment comes around, like, hey, bro, I just got the, you know, third official notice of a failed payment. Billing company, you know, wants to step in and escalate it, which just makes it a massive headache for everyone. You know, can you get back to me so we can get this sorted? So it's like, the billing team and the billing company is the bad guy in that situation. You're the good cop. You're just trying to figure out a solution and be that sort of, you know, friendly  neighborhood Spider-Man that they can speak to.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, we have a similar process. I'll probably just word it a little bit better, actually, seeing how you word it. I like that. I prefer that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I come in from the angle of like, man, I'm here to try and do anything I can to sort of help this situation.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense. I do find when I do message them, they are a little bit more reactive to respond, but they don't ever really respond to my VA.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, Thank you. Your VA sends an email, hey?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is it from a ShieldsFit domain?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then what's your VA's name?
jese Smith-shields: It's Amanda from the email, but her name's Angela.
Kyle Musca: Oh, Either one of is pretty Western. just don't want some, like, weird name. Okay. That should be fine. Yeah. Do you, yeah. I don't know if we'll have enough time to really, maybe keep that in the back pocket, because maybe we'll look into that a little bit more next week. Yeah. No, that's sweet. Otherwise, yeah, I'll go get the videos up now. See how it goes. I might, I might even play around with, like, trying different audience targeting and everything like that, but we'll see. Is there any sort of common denominators in terms of, like, lifestyle factors or jobs or anything like that that you see with your clients?
jese Smith-shields: A lot are coming through gut health, because Kiana's been posting a lot more about gut health and fixing her gut and  like that. So we get a lot of people coming in through that sort of sector. We get a lot of nurses, a lot of nurses for some reason.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
jese Smith-shields: And shift work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
jese Smith-shields: Which, yeah, I don't understand why that one's kind of clicking over.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a lot of nurses do like working with coaches, to be honest. It's like pretty common.
jese Smith-shields: They're a really easy to sell to, actually.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What about ages, like for the people that sign?
jese Smith-shields: We're still quite young, so everyone that I've gone on a call with is probably... 20 to about max 24.
Kyle Musca: Really?
jese Smith-shields: Mm.
Kyle Musca: That's strange because the ads shouldn't even be tugging them.
jese Smith-shields: So yeah, I think maybe out of the last like 10 calls I've taken, I've probably had one person over the age of 26, 25.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, because I was going to increase the age demographic, but I know it's pretty young. So it's like, I don't want to fully cut them out. Okay. All right, cool. Well, I'll keep playing close on. I'm hoping that once it rolls over into February anyway, it'll just sort of naturally improve. But I'll increase the overall budget once I get those videos in, just so I can kind of play around with it a little bit more to try and find those winners.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's sweet.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Is there anything else you wanted to cover at all?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. All right, bro, we'll... Yeah, I will get those videos up. I've got a note to write the scripts, ideally early next week. was hoping to do it this week, but I was just  so slow. So yeah, we'll get them up, but that should be fine. We'll probably play around with the graphics and everything. Keep me updated with how you go with the actual video series as well when it's done, because there's no point in it. Is the video series itself done?
jese Smith-shields: We've filmed it all.
Kyle Musca: I'm just waiting for the final edit. Okay, yeah. So there's no real rush on it then?
jese Smith-shields: No, there's not a massive rush on it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, cool. All right, we'll keep chipping away on that. Just keep me updated with it once it's fully done. Let me know, because that will add a bit more urgency for us to get it turned around. Yeah, easy. Appreciate it. Nice, bro. Enjoy the rest of the day. I'll chat to you soon. You too. See ya.


>>> 73/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-28T06:37:57Z | id:117680091
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. How you going?
Callum Hinze: Oh, good. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. How's it going, man?
Callum Hinze: Good, good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Well, let's see how we go. I was trying to look in a job form this morning, but it was just wigging out of me. So let's see if it's fixed itself. How's this week been going overall?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, good week. They're still getting a good chunk of calls coming through this week, last week. So all seemingly good.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Yeah, cool. I'm loaded now. Perfect, man. So nine calls taken in the last, I booked 12 calls. So that's good. Happy date is there. Yeah. I've nine, so shop rate's fantastic, and then closed four out of nine total, or you haven't taken all nine yet?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I've In the job form, I'm filling it out from the full last week, because I know beforehand I was doing that Wednesday.
Kyle Musca: Right.
Callum Hinze: All from last week, so yeah, full signed from last week.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect, perfect. Have you got any calls booked for the rest of the week?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I think I've got two to three more for the rest of this week. And then this week, so far, since Monday, I think I've signed three.
Kyle Musca: Okay, sick. As long as we convert on some of them, we should hit our goal of five for the week, which is fantastic. Did you fill out the SEO dashboard?
Callum Hinze: Yes, yes. Beautiful. Do have access to that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let me pull that up. Anything you particularly want to cover this session?
Callum Hinze: Not that I can think of out of the ordinary, hey, I think. We're pretty sweet. I just, um, this little spreadsheet here, I don't know why that a little auto-calculation didn't work.
Kyle Musca: So, I'd say it's where we're putting stuff. So, I mean, if these are filled out, should be F8. Yeah, reference to by the bow. I'm going to play around with that. But that should auto-calculate based off that. Did you delete anything?
Callum Hinze: Not that I'm aware of. Unless I did by mistake.
Kyle Musca: I mean, the formula's still there. So. Okay. Also, I'd say that those numbers aren't, I mean, no. Yeah, you wouldn't have got that many leads through there. That would have been crazy if you got that many leads. Yeah, okay. So, okay, let's pull this out. So I'm keeping an eye on it and just saying where I've kind of started to pull back on these two campaigns because the cost of the leads are creeping a bit too high for what I'm, you know, liking. And then there's broad campaigns sort of sitting where we want it to sit. So I'm just sort of funneling budget towards that. And then, you know, I might even, if these don't pick, get their  together pretty soon. I created that new fitness campaign based off what we spoke about last week. Didn't really seem to improve the actual targeting much, unfortunately. So probably more than looking like I'll turn these two off anyway and just let the broad continue to keep scaling that one. Because that's pulling through how we want it to pull. Yeah. Cool. So if we do last seven days, so we've got 29 total leads. So that's, that's manager 29.
Callum Hinze: Let's just say 29 for the sake of, What are you, um, what are you reading off again?
Kyle Musca: I think I was obviously kind of the wrong one. So it's leads. So you won't have leads. you just log in, you'll have to click on columns, press the, uh, you'll do a custom one, um, and then type in leads and add. Add the two. Add total and cost.
Callum Hinze: Gotcha. I think I was just checking actual new messages.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's where that would come from, where, which would be what you've got there. So you can see results compared to actual leads as two very, very different, uh, metrics. Gotcha. Like your cost per results looking  fantastic. But I was looking at this the other day and you just get kind of like a fair few, you know, students and stuff like that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I was to say, this past week, there's been a lot of young ones that are sort of just playing around.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, if we're going into this, click through it, it's a good there. So you're getting a lot of young guys, a lot of young guys, actually. So what's the, like, main age of the guys signing up?
Callum Hinze: Signing up is, like, mid-20s to mid-30s average.
Kyle Musca: Okay, because I've got it set for 25, but I might, I think I actually increased, oh, I didn't touch that one. I increased this one a lot, yeah. Okay. Must date, did it at 23rd of Jan, that's not my own. Oh, that's the actual campaign itself. Yeah, so I've been doing a lot of stuff recently. Yeah, I increased it to 27, just to try and weave out some of those younger guys. So, that's sort of my last. Sort of, I guess, bet. We'll see if that improves the cost per lead. Because, again, it's not that you're getting a bad cost per result by any means. This is obviously pretty high, but everything else is sitting like those are, from a cost per result perspective, it's like those are  awesome numbers. But, obviously, they're just not bringing the right type of leads in, like a lot of young guys, which is what we're seeing here. All right? Like, most of them are going to younger than that. That's a big problem. So, I mean, I'm in half of mine just to try and put it to above 30 total, but we'll see. The other thing we should look at while we're here. If 73. Yeah, see that? Ah, that's still in the early 30s, though. I wish it didn't do that. I wish you could kind of control. So, that's what was happening. What's happening here is, yeah, what's happening here is, let's say younger, either older 20, 20-year-olds or younger 30-year-olds have been messaging through. I would, yeah, I might even shift your age demographic to just dudes 30 plus or 20. We'll see how 27 goes. See how 27 goes over the next week. If it doesn't improve significantly, then we'll, I'll leave this shift, but it just turned off completely. And then working full-time, those are better metrics. So as long as they're of age, they're usually qualified most of time. So it's really just sorting out that age factor for us, which will come. Cool. Okay. The other thing I've done in the past there is if that is a really big problem. gonna Then on stuff like the graphics and stuff, I'll just add usually, so be careful of this being too low because the send message button will be there.
Callum Hinze: Okay, I'll give it a fix that.
Kyle Musca: And then what I do there is like under the trigger word in like, not in an actual text box, just the normal font itself, just small, must be 21 plus or something like that.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Is the format of this one, is the top of it okay with those margins, just the bottom?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's all fantastic. It's just probably gone a little bit low. You might get away with it. The send message button might be a little bit lower than that, but I wouldn't risk sort of cutting off that trigger word.
Callum Hinze: I'll get a fix that. Lucky did these for you? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so other than that, it's pretty good. Let's go this quickly. Yeah, so just a So a little bit careful on that. See how these go. Because I went and created a bunch myself. We may even look at trying to shorten them. Yeah, so this is good. This is perfect. So this.
Callum Hinze: What did he do with the name? How did he do that? He's doing two names.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he messed that up. So you don't, if it's just Manu, I wouldn't even, you don't even, that's not even necessary. It would just be Manu dropped 10 kilos of fat in 12 weeks and rebuilt. one. don't understand understand just Yeah, So it Yeah. Yeah, in physique from the ground up, and then you would just have that photo there. Yeah. If, and then maybe under it, you know, if Manny can do it, why can't you? I'm looking for eight men who want to transform like this. Yeah. So, yeah, I'd probably just, I'd be going back and forth with, luckily, like a , and I'd just end up just throwing on myself. So, I. So, for the transformations ones, to be honest, I got to the point where adding two transformations is probably getting a bit too messy. Yeah. So, this is how I kind of just made mine. That makes sense. And then, so up to you, obviously, very paid, lucky. I'm also paid lucky. I didn't pull through. But I didn't Because I made some spelling mistakes, I basically just told him to go fix all the spelling mistakes, but hopefully that also gives him a good idea of how to lay them out. Stuff like that for the transformation stuff. Yeah, I mean, this might even be a little bit low, but I'm hoping that that should be fine. That much of a gap should be okay. So just trying to keep everything in that sort of top, you know, three quarters of the page. Other things with these is just making sure that they're really nice and easy to read. You know, you don't want people to have to put effort into reading them, essentially. Now, this is a little bit of a side tangent. But what I may even try and do, and I haven't done this before, but it's like actually make a video of these. And whether we put some sound in the background or something, I'm not 100% sure. Probably don't. don't even need to, as long as it's a video that goes for like, you know, 20, 30 seconds. Because if it's just a story, it might only last for five seconds without sound. But if we add music to it and say it's a video instead of a graphic, then it may stay a lot longer if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yep, okay.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of the graphics?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I've just quickly messaged him now, so I'll be able to fix that stuff up for you.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect. And then I found Lucky has a tendency to try and make them like all look really similar, like in terms of same color, same fonts and everything. They all need to look, I mean, some can be similar, don't get me wrong, but like for the majority of them, you want them looking different from, you know, the last.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: Cool, okay. And then if you're going to do that as well, if you could just tell him, does he send them to you on a G drive?
Callum Hinze: Um, he sent me the samples just on, um... see. Thank So, let's go. Okay, let's go. On WhatsApp, but I can get him to do a drive folder.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Either way. But whether you do it or whether he does it, if you just, it doesn't let me do it. But try and rename them. So, see how I've got like add one, Oz, add two, Oz, add three, Paul, add format. Just so when I put them up, it's just a little bit easier for me to see. Cool. So I don't know why that's not doing that. I would assume it's because, let's go 50 here. Yeah. So that's that. D6 divided by D8. So the problem here is it's doing D, sorry, F8, F6 divided by, yes, there we go. Cool. Did you see what happened there?
Callum Hinze: I didn't.
Kyle Musca: So what's happening here, see how it's, the formula's up here in the top left. Yeah. So it's trying to, basically it's calculating, it can't, it's calculating this one, which is row F8.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Eight. But it's, it's not sure where to pull out the data from. So you just, in this one, one case, you just go F6 and I'll pull the data.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Should be fine for pretty much every other one, but yeah, just keep an eye it. Total ad bookings, 10, so 34%. That's good. Happy there. One thing I've noticed with Clame recently across a few different accounts is that the personalization for responses has not been good. Like, I don't know if she's gone through some background, you know, set of hiring issues, but that seems to be a recurring issue. So what I would do there is I'll just make sure to spend the time to go through, you So do you know how to filter them in ManyChat?
Callum Hinze: I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, so just go through the qualified conversations and just like read through them and make sure you're happy with the wording and everything like that. If you're not, definitely let me know and I'll put together a few things together just to make sure that the wording, you know, responds more personalized. But that's good booking percentage, lead-to-booking ratio. So it's not the end of the world there. Cost per booking. So again, you can see that's struggling. So what we're going do is E6 to E10. So what we're going to do is F6 to F10, 240. So that's good. That's actually come down quite a bit there. Total calls taken, nine so far. far. Operate 90%, fantastic, very healthy numbers there. Cost per call, you can see that that is not doing that properly, so let's break this up. 266, total sales made, currently is 4. Oh, wait, this is from the 6th, though.
Callum Hinze: So,-wise, this is from the 19th to the 25th.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that would change things a little bit. Okay, so let's go, I'm just going to go off, ads and manager, I'll get rid of this. It was the 24th to the...
Callum Hinze: I've been just going from Monday to Sunday, so I did that one off of the 19th to the 25th. All
Kyle Musca: And, oh yeah, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, beautiful. Leads, got 23 total. That increases that. This will skew the data a little bit. What we'll do here, How long left is there? So we're... That'll be Thursdays. That's seven days there. So I wouldn't always do this, but just because... I'll still skew the data. You could do it from the 19th to the, like, 27th, example, because it would be a longer week, but at least it will show you, yeah, so from the 27th. So, we did that. 19th to the 27th, yeah, because then it'll be the, the 5th is that Thursday, yeah, that should be fine. So, we spent, across that extended period, 3,000, 3,000, do you understand what I'm saying there? Yeah. Cool, we've got a total of 40 leads, 40 there, so good there, total ad bookings. Do you know how many you've had since the 19th?
Callum Hinze: Since the 19th, I do, 19th to today, we're saying, hey, oh, sorry, to yesterday.
Kyle Musca: Yes, yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. 14, including the 27th.
Kyle Musca: Okay. It's a 14. And then how many of those showed, do you know?
Callum Hinze: It was one, two, three, four, five, six, eight.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so Okay. Okay. Okay. Show-off rate. I it's not bad. Obviously, 90% within the actual last week as well, so that's improved there. Cusper, cool. And then sales, how many sales total have you made out of that?
Callum Hinze: Since that period, it was three, four. Wait, hold on a sec, three, four. we're just talking just off ad bookings, not organic?
Kyle Musca: Mm-hmm.
Callum Hinze: Five.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, okay. So the numbers are improving from last week to this week, which is good. And then, again, what I assume is happening, I've just seen this across a lot of different accounts, is the last sort of two weeks specifically, that end of January period, just seems to be like a lot of low-commitment people. I assume what's happening there is... You know, everyone that wanted to do something did it early Jan or late December, and it's kind of a bit of a gray area. So no matter, that's fine. But those numbers are improving, which is good. Close rates are good, which means the, you know, quality of people jumping on the calls are nice and qualified. This is good. I would just keep a close eye on it. Ideally, with the level of qualification we do through ManyChat, I mean, this is sitting very healthily, but if we can obviously get this number up, then everything improves from there. But overall, that's all good. Cool. Any questions on that stuff?
Callum Hinze: Nah, that's pretty straightforward, I think. What are you, I think I asked last week, but I forgot. What are you going off on ManyChat to find the actual total leads and check that's on?
Kyle Musca: Because that I couldn't find. So basically, you just get contacts. Same as how to filter the conversations. Okay, gotcha. Right, so, yeah, you go filter, contacts, tag, qualified.
Callum Hinze: Gotcha.
Kyle Musca: System fields, subscribed, after whatever date. So this was the 19th. And then after the 19th, and then before. Subscribe before, oh, sorry, before the 27th.
Callum Hinze: That's what it was.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that makes sense. Good technique. I think we did it off the 27th, so let's keep it there. And then you just click that, and yeah, 40. So it's the same.
Callum Hinze: Should be very sweet. Ah, sweet.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, any other questions on that? Nah, that's pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Pretty good. So I won't upload those graphics here. Lucky I'm going to obviously change a little bit, but keep me updated on that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. How are you on with the lead magnet videos?
Callum Hinze: Good. I still got, I only got a handful there. I need to just edit the actual thing on. I've still got that folder there for you, and I've got another e-book resource thing on the way from Lucky 2. I just need to edit it up somewhere and slap them in that folder.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, because I was looking through these. So I'd probably like save, when you do this, CTA, I would save this to the end. I think you do put it in the end. Yes. Yeah, so something like that. Perfect. Not the biggest thing ever, as long as it's at the end of Happy Days, really. Does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I've got a whole bunch more videos there, too. It's going to actually add that little bit of wording onto it as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then, the other thing as well, have you done any voiceovers recently?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Which one was the voiceover?
Kyle Musca: That third one along was the voiceover. This one? This one is my favorite. Yeah. So, like, I would get into the habit of whenever you do these, always, always chuck a CTA on them. Okay. The lead magnet. Even if, like, the lead magnet CTA. Even if you, even if you just keep it, you know, you post your organic one like this and there's no CTA, that's fine. But I would always... Just have one where you've got, like, at the end of it, if you want my split or whatever's relevant, DME keyword.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because, like, that way you don't have to go out of your way to make it, you know, like, get all this stuff redone. It's just, like, it's just automatic as you go. And I really would want to try a voiceover exactly like these types of videos because these videos go really well for you, where you have a lead magnet CTA on it.
Callum Hinze: Did I have a voiceover in that folder already?
Kyle Musca: I don't think so from what I saw. They were just these ones. Ah, okay. Sit the back. Yeah, which, I mean, like, I'm happy to, you know, try them out, but I think something like this would perform way better. So even what I would do is I would go back into this and just, like, add a little end piece, you know, if you want, is it an arm worker? Chest, shoulders, triceps. If you want my, you know, full training split. It'll... It'll... Exactly. Again, whatever's relevant to the e-book, you know, just comment, guide, and I'll send it through.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: If you could get, do you reckon you could maybe get like three of them done this week if you did that one?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I've got so many there to use, I've just got to add the words onto it, so definitely.
Kyle Musca: , these do so well.
Callum Hinze: They've been doing really well lately.
Kyle Musca: You're getting many coaching applications from that? Yeah, that's nice. That stands out way more.
Callum Hinze: That's the first thing I saw when I opened that. Yeah, and yeah, direct applications have been pretty good the last few weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's improved it there. Honestly, with these, I would, you know, again, these are really good. Obviously, you get 180,000 views from them. So it's like, you might as well just do a direct response coaching stuff, coaching thing there. But yeah, yeah, I'm keen to do some lead magnet stuff. The other thing is, do you have the lead magnet DM script?
Callum Hinze: have to do Uh... Do No, oh, no, I don't.
Kyle Musca: Yep, so, this is the lead magnet. pretty similar to the direct response, but it's obviously just worded differently. Now, I've got a note to change this. Because what I would do is, when it's, you know, here, so this is all good. This just says, this transitions into the coaching sort of chat too early, I think. You know, it still works, but I would rather just get volume through it. So, instead of saying, like, you know, a lot of guys that coach are in a similar spot, and then, you know, start to lead into the idea of, you know, have you ever thought about getting a coach? I would just remove that and change it with, and I'll do this, because I've got a note to actually change this. But change it to something along the lines of, like... Okay, sounds like you're pretty, you know, serious about, you know, getting X, Z done. Happy to, you know, jump on like a 10, 15-minute call. Again, this is not how I'd word it, but the idea of it. Happy to jump on a 10 to 15-minute call to sort of, you build out what the, you know, next three months or something would look like for you. I'll have to sit down and like think about the wording on that, which I'll do. But the idea there is just to, you know, the call is sort of framed as you're just sort of taking time out of your day to have like a free chat to them.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then on the call, it's like, oh, have you ever thought of it back in the coach to get this sorted? Yeah. And again, same sales script and everything like that.
Callum Hinze: You'd obviously just word it a little bit differently. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. That's sweet. Okay, so, yeah, that's. sort of where I'm at with things. Anything specifically you want to cover at all?
Callum Hinze: I don't think so. It's just been pretty straightforward. What have I got? I'm just going to wait for those videos to come back through from many of the new scripted ones. And, you know, otherwise, I think that was pretty much it, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, fantastic. Okay. Cool, man. Well, I'll keep scaling your ads. I think the main thing I need from you this week is, yeah, I would just love some of the voiceover style videos with CTA on the back end of them. Yep. And then we can get that lead magnet stuff up.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool. I've got, I went and I've got, Tane, you were showing me the board twins, how they do, like, the actual program they send out, like, DM me this for an actual program. Yeah. I went and made one of those up. So as soon as that's edited up from... ... I'm lucky. I'll probably like use that for most of those CTAs.
Kyle Musca: Oh, as in like a graphic?
Callum Hinze: Like an actual, like, like an e-book style thing, but like an actual program rather than just e-book, e-book.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Right. Yeah, I get you. I get you.
Callum Hinze: I reckon I'll probably, that'll be good, do you reckon, to just use for CTAs on this one a fair bit, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, like it doesn't need to, the resource itself, it just needs to look good. But it doesn't need to be anything crazy. Like, what I would probably do, if I was going to create one myself, would be just like a one-week training split. So, not doing a full workout. Yeah, perfect. Yeah, because then it works for everything you do. You know, if it's, you do a full chest, tri-shoulder workout, or a  back workout, or an arm workout, or whatever, it's like, it's applicable for every single one.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: All right, sweet. Oh, the only other thing there as well, is when we will build your, let me pull this up as well, just a show. When we, I'll build this out for you. Well, I've already got it for someone else because built it the other day. But essentially, we'll qualify with the lead magnet stuff. So one that will help me scale it as well, but also keep collecting the right type of data of the right type of people we want to find. But essentially, it'll very similar to the normal flow we have. It would just be like, just so I can send you the right resource or split or whatever we decide to say, let's just run through a few quick questions. You know, what's your main goal? What's your struggle? Same, exact same thing. Slightly different worded. So instead of saying, you know, not just I helped Lara drop 15 kilos, it's like, this is Lara who lost 15 kilos using this exact framework or some  like that. And then lastly, know, just so I can include things to align better with your schedule, what best describes your work situation? You know what I mean? And yours would be age and whatever. And so, yeah, I'll probably just transfer this straight into your account when it's ready. I don't know if I mentioned to you last week, but I'm currently looking to bring on a whole marketing team. So ideally, they do all the copywriting and everything like that for my stuff in terms of email and everything. Obviously, I want to make sure they do it properly and everything before I start putting it into other people's stuff. But if it pulls through, then, yeah, we should be able to, you know, include that in and just keep building on that as well.
Callum Hinze: Mad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's where the lead magnet stuff will come into, you know, handy a lot because we'll try and collect emails and start building off an emailing list from that. Again, we'll just keep adding piece by piece. But, yeah, I'll keep you updated.
Callum Hinze: Beautiful, beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. The only – or two other things. One would be – is there anything else you want to sort of see in these calls? Anything else that you want to kind of run over at all?
Callum Hinze: No. I don't know, really? Like, for now, we're pretty cool. At the moment, it's just run-of-the-mill stuff, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think, I mean, we've got the machine rolling at the moment. So, you know, it shouldn't take us like a full hour to run through everything. At the moment, it's just about tweaking things to improve conversion metrics instead of reinventing the wheel, which is good. The other thing, man, is I'm probably looking at taking on like one other coach for this. It was just, do you have anyone in mind that would be a good fit for something like this?
Callum Hinze: I can definitely do some brainstorming. What do you say? What you said, you're still looking mostly, are doing males and females or are mostly doing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll do. Yeah, I'll do males and females.
Callum Hinze: You were pushing most of the girls a while back, eh?
Kyle Musca: I was at the start and now, because like, it's not as big of a deal because like, you know, there's plenty of people out there. And I find like the subcategories for different. Demographics. it's like, yeah, you'll have female, but then you'll have female. Like one girl I have only does weight loss and it's more so focused on like 10 kilos, 20 kilos. She mainly works with women that want to do like 20 plus kilos of fat, like weight loss. So I kind of realized that there's different subcategories that people will fit into. So it's not like it will saturate the market too much.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Off the top of my head, I don't have anyone, but there'll definitely be someone that will come to mind. So I just swing them. What's the best way to get them to swing your DM or grab that number for you to reach out?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, if you have a chat to them and they say that potentially they're it doesn't have to be anything too concrete. Yeah. Happy for you to just pass along their contact details, man.
Callum Hinze: I can just reach out from there. Okay. Yeah. Easy. I'll definitely keep that in mind.
Kyle Musca: There's, yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Awesome. There'll be someone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Morgan made two sales, think, already this week, which is good.
Callum Hinze: Three now.
Kyle Musca: And stuff. Yeah, Yeah. And then let me know how you go with those lead magnet videos because, yeah, ideally I'd want to get them up relatively soon.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool. That'd be easy. I can get that in there.
Kyle Musca: I'll just chuck it in the same folder. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect.
Callum Hinze: Awesome, man. Cool. All right. Easy stuff. Easy stuff. Pleasure, man. I'll chat to you soon. Thanks again. Speak soon. See ya. Bye.


>>> 74/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-28T08:01:50Z | id:117685750
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Meg Tovey: Hello, I'm good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. How's it going?
Meg Tovey: It's been good. Same old, same old. How's yours?
Kyle Musca: Good. We're very busy this week, so trying to power through it all. Cool. Did you get that job form filled out?
Meg Tovey: No, I didn't. I don't really have much to report back, but I can give you my stats, slash you've got access to it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let me pull this up. My job form was messing up. fine. Let's see if it comes up. Tch, tch, tch, tch, tch, tch, tch, Thank
Meg Tovey: I didn't do the job form.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I'm looking at the CO dashboard.
Meg Tovey: Oh, right. I was like, , I just said that.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So I haven't filled in on last week.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, this is four and five because remember I said, can you add an extra column and you said just join them together?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I'll probably go through that. What I would do there. Okay. You've got that. Yeah. So I would just make it so, depending on how you want to do it, because you'll run into that issue again if you do it too soon. But yeah, I would kind of like, there can be a couple, you can either do it so it's from the, I mean, the 12th to the 31st is probably too long of gap. But I would probably do it so, for example, if you want to do it on the 5th or whatever your day is, then it's like this whole period will go into this.
Meg Tovey: That category, if that makes sense. Oh, no, no, no. I'm just doing Monday to Sunday. But my question was, I need another column for week five when months have five weeks in them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's what I mean. Like, if we add another column there, we'll, like, make things confusing and it might  up the formulas.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, so this is just for both those weeks. Like, this is for weeks four and five.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so, yeah, exactly. Oh, yeah, yeah, okay, I get what you're saying. Yeah, cool. Yeah, perfect. Okay. Sweet. Well, how many, we'll break down the basic numbers. How many calls have you gotten?
Meg Tovey: In the last, since last Monday, total calls 13.
Kyle Musca: Okay, nice.
Meg Tovey: 11 showed up, six converted. All my organic ones converted. All guess they're. The main thing that I want to talk about on this call is, like, and I kind of already, I maybe potentially already know the answer, but, like, I've had two or three calls, I think, in the last week that were just an absolute  waste of time. And they've all been Indian, and I've said to the setter, because, like, I mean, I guess my solution is qualify them better in the DMs, because the people that, like, when you read the message, the combo, it's, like, just, there's, they're not  giving anything. It says not working in the thing, and the setter's not asked the investment question and stuff like that. But I, I don't know, is there anything else that you can advise or, like, recommend? Or is that what I just need to do, like, just qualify them better?
Kyle Musca: So, one thing is I've noticed on my account and a few other people's accounts is the quality of conversation that the setters are having. Rukle May has been a bit average. I think she's dealing with some, like, you know, employee hiring issues and everything like that, but I've made it very, very known to her. So, I mean, Indians are weird because, like, a lot of them will be time wasters, but then you'll also get, you know, a couple that are legitimate and they, like, pay for the highest ticket package. You could just say, like, I want you to, you know, pay special attention to, like, Indians essentially, like, make sure that they are qualified because, and I would wear this carefully because obviously those people are from, you know, that kind of country. So it's like, I'd probably wear to be like, can we just be careful of, you know, like, a lot of the time they just don't have the disposable income to, you know, invest into coaching. So please make sure that, you know, they are highly qualified if I'm going to take a call with them. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: What about, like, if... If you're on the call, because like the last two, one of them was like, yeah, was a  waste of time. I knew from the start she wasn't going to sign up, but I was like, it was still a decent conversation. But the last two that I'm thinking of are like, I was literally sitting there like, I could hang up on you. I'm so frustrated listening to this. And I didn't know like if there was, if I just had to  suck it up or.
Kyle Musca: There's two ways to go about it. Like if you just absolutely know there's no chance. One, you can just kind of be like, oh, well, look, to be honest, I mean, you could just figure it out. Like you could end it on a, depends on how you want to go about it. If you wanted to end it on a, you know, feel good about telling the  off type thing. But like, look, to be honest, like you're not really giving me too much. I just don't think that, you know, we're going to be a good fit, unfortunately, but I hope you get help. yeah. And you just like leave it on a high note. Or sometimes what I like to do in that situation is just start  around and start asking questions that I wouldn't really ask on actual. Calls. Calls. Um, it just depends on what route you want to go down.
Meg Tovey: Like what?
Kyle Musca: Uh, I mean, the last one I had was like this kid that kind of seemed like, I don't know if he had a mental illness or something, but he spoke like a bit of a sped. Um, and, you know, I got to the end of the call and I was just sort of  around with asking like, cool, man. So like, you know, you live with your parents or will they pay for it for you? You have government welfare or anything like that? Like, um, just to, you know, one, again, just to get confidence in like asking sort of those harder questions. Um, but also just for my own entertainment at that point, to be honest.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Cause the last one I, I tried to like almost say, I don't know how I worded it, but I tried to be like, cause she was not working and I, it was, I didn't know that until I was  getting on the call and reading the DMs. Um, but I tried to kind of say like, that she wasn't going to be able to. Like invest in the program with like acid like you know we're definitely not the cheapest program blah blah blah but then she just  wanted yeah I don't know because then it still does get to that awkward point where they're like well I still want to know the price in case I do want to do it but I know they're not going to do it so yeah I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah I mean like you know you could come from like a hard reverse psychology type thing just be like look based off you know I mean you're not really giving me too much to sort of work with and you know you mentioned before you're kind of not really working so to be honest I just don't think coaching is like a legitimate option for you at the moment.
Meg Tovey: Yeah okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Yeah. Like you just kind of come from there again you know you're not desperate to take on people so it's like you know if you want to end it on a high note and just be like look I'm too good for you  off. You can you know I mean it's not it's yeah it's tricky because like sometimes you'll be on calls and you're like there's no way I'm gonna sign this person they end up saying yes. Yes. Um. Um. But with Indians, like, if you kind of get that, there's no way they're saying yes. It's more than likely there's no way they're saying yes.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, and sometimes they surprise me and then, like, I get five minutes in and I'm like, oh, , actually, like, nah, they probably could. But the last three, I'm like, there's no  way. And then I was just getting frustrated on the call and going cross-eyed because I was like, this is the biggest waste of time.
Kyle Musca: I don't know how to wrap it up. But, yeah, again, like, if they're working, you know, I wouldn't just rule them out just because they're Indian. Like, if they're working and stuff and it's, you know, they have some sort of income, it's like, cool, go about it. It's normal. If it's a situation like that where they're Indian and they're not working, especially if they're not giving you much, I personally would probably just be like, well, you know, to be honest, I don't think you're going to be a good fit for us.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, based off everything you told me, you know, not giving me too much to work with. So it just doesn't seem like you're that sort of committed to making this change, which unfortunately means that I just don't think we're going to be a good fit.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: See ya.
Meg Tovey: It was  my close rate. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't even like, to be honest, if you call it quits on that just because it's like just such a  quality lead, I wouldn't even mark that down as a sale because you never really pitched the sale. Like, you never pitched it. It was never going to, they shouldn't have even been on the call in the first place.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, have you gone much through the sustained stuff?
Meg Tovey: Yes. So, one of them was, oh, no, she wasn't a time waster. I've got a tab in my thing saying time waster. One book to call that I didn't sell, she was Indian, but she was still like, she was actually the opposite. You know when they're like overly keen and you're like, almost not able to like, oh, you. Oh, Thank Might have a strategy of how to kind of get around this, but like they're saying everything and she was getting emotional. So it wasn't like she was just saying all the right things, but it wasn't actually like legit. So, yeah, I don't know if that was like a, yeah, I don't know if I could have, I mean, to be fair, she was not working and she was like, needed her husband to pay for it. So that was like obviously a big block, but she, I think lied in the, oh, no, no, she was, she came through before we, before we set up like the qualify thing. So it didn't actually, we didn't actually know if she was working or not. And then I've got another one booked in for after this call at six. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cause I was looking through that. Obviously you can actually see it. Cause the cost per lead on that is looking  awesome. Um, so we can get these people on calls, like qualified and on. Then, you know, it shouldn't be as high of a percent close rate as direct sales. But if you get really good at them, like it could even take over as your main sort of, as your main brain cramp lead source.
Meg Tovey: The ones, the people that come through the ads that do sign on are really great quality. But it's just getting that, obviously, volume of those good quality ones. Because it's like, they're either really good or really bad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's the thing with like cost per leads and stuff like that. Like you can see the cost per result compared to cost per lead is obviously massively different. This is way, way too high. But, you know, I'd rather pay like $60 or $70 for an actual really verified lead than , you know, $15 for just whoever. So what I would... And like you can see it's a $32 cost per lead. So that's like really, really good considering that, you know, those are people that have full-time jobs and, you know, they're exactly who we want to be talking to. Like that's very, very scalable. So, you know, if you can, because what I've been thinking about this over the last sort of week on how to sort of capitalize on this mass like more. When you open your, because you've got a similar DM lead, DM script to me, do you transition, transition them into the coaching idea in the setting?
Meg Tovey: I need to edit the script. So currently the script, I've got yours up on my screen to edit. I'm not, sorry, it's not to edit the one you sent me, but to put it into ours. Because at the moment it's just, if I can just steal this screen chat for a sec.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah. Cancel.
Meg Tovey: For this, it's like they do the flow and then the setter just goes in. I'm curious, what's your biggest goal at the moment, by the way? And then they just go into the rest of the normal, like, booking them in for coaching. So I need to edit it so that it pivots into suggesting coaching because they're not doing that, I don't think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Well, that's why I was going to say the opposite of that, actually. I wouldn't transition into coaching into the DMs yet because, again, it's not deep enough into the conversation. I mean, you provide a value and everything like that, but it's a lot easier to counter that on a call than it is to do it on a script, I mean, on the DM set because they'll see it and they'll have room to kind of back out and think about it and back out. Whereas, like, if you get them on the call and offer it. Like you've given them the educational resource, you've conversated with them, you've even booked them in on a call to help them out even further. So it's like by that time, they should be really bought in for you to make the pitch. Yeah. So I would kind of like in my, and I've got, I just have not had a spare minute, but in my DM script for the lead mags, I'm going to go through and reword it in terms of, because I say like, have you ever thought, I'm curious, have you ever thought about, you know, potentially getting a coach to help sort this? I'm going to change it out to be more, and it's not going to be exactly worded like this. But essentially say like, oh, well, it sounds like you're pretty serious about making a change. Look, I'm happy to jump on like a 15, 20 minute call or something like that, just to sort of, you know, help point you in the right direction or something like that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. And then when you actually do get them on a call, do you actually give them tangible advice or do you just do it like a sales call?
Kyle Musca: I would just do the exact same sales script. Because if you do the sales and obviously just reword it to like less coaching intent and more so. So, know, trying to coach them, essentially. So, for example, because, again, like, if you do the sales script right, like, people will walk away from that thing. Like, oh, yeah, I got so much information. I got, like, I was so helpful and everything like that, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So, for example, like, if it, you know, the why now question, instead of, like, you know, I guess just to help me understand, you know, why have you sort of chosen now to reach out to a coach? You'd be like, okay, so you've been kind of thing, you know, been struggling with this for the last six months. I guess, like, why did you choose, you know, now to sort of, you know, reach out and get that goal-setting guide or whatever, you know, you're giving away as the resource? I mean, so it's like the, it's the same question, essentially, but it's just reworded to suit the resource. Yeah, so why, you know, why not keep pushing us down the road like most women do? So, exactly the same question. Like, why did you choose now to... But, you know, grab that goal-setting guide. Like, why not just sort of keep pushing it down the road like most women tend to do who never lose the weight? You know what mean? Because I'll give you the exact same answer. It obviously just has to be relevant to what you guys are talking about as their overall topic.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you could get to the end and be like, okay.
Meg Tovey: What about this one?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Well, I guess maybe, you know, help me to understand, like, why you're even looking at getting, like, extra sort of help and, you know, getting extra resources to sort of help you with this instead of just figuring out yourself.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Information, you know, mean, whatever, extra information instead of just trying to, you know, how to be worded.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Where was the other one? Where's the one that you were just talking about before, about like pushing down the road? I blind?
Kyle Musca: Uh, it was just down. was under that. See the bold there?
Meg Tovey: Like right in the middle of the screen almost, just under? Yeah, there you are, but that was another one you said, and I don't know where it was.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, right.
Meg Tovey: Or maybe that was it. Maybe that was the one you were talking about.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I get out the kind of, I wouldn't just get on, I mean, could, depends how confident you are, but I wouldn't just get on the call and just kind of try and come up with the top of my head. I'll probably go through beforehand and just kind of like reword it a little bit. Yeah. there's also the, you know, the whole, you know, besides like a bit of, you know, extra information, like if you were to, you know, if we were to really sit down. And map it all out step-by-step in terms of like, I mean, you could even ask that the same question, steps of, you know, how much time you have available, the level of like support, or I guess accountability you feel like you'd need, or even like just, you know, extra resources you'd like to see. I guess, what would you really feel like you would need from someone like me in order to make this journey successful? Yeah. Because it kind of starts to prompt them that they, even that question kind of starts to prompt them that they need extra help, you know what I mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, because so many people say like, oh, I need someone to hold me accountable.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, you know, cool. what you would, so then on the call, you would literally then pivot into like, oh, have you, have you considered coaching before? If you, once you feel like they're like pretty hot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would go through the whole sort of thing. Yeah, so we've finished, I'll show my screen up, we'll have the script. Thank you. I would kind of, this is kind of where I would do it, is basically where you ask for permission to run through things. So, okay, so it's important for you to do something, and that's, you know, really the main thing I want to know, because based off everything that you've told me, like, I think that what we do with the girls inside the team would actually work really, really well for you. Because at the moment, you know, you said you want to lose that 20 kilos, but, you know, you're struggling with sort of accountability, struggling with the structure, struggling to know, like, where to even really start, and that's quite common. Because that's just making you feel pretty frustrated, and, you know, sort of almost, I think you said, like, making you feel like you won't want to give up, right? So, I mean, no stress if not, but what I can do is I can give you a bit of a run through of how we help the girls inside the team, if that's something that you're open to. Yeah, they'll say yeah, you what mean, like, you've given them that much time. Yeah, I guess I'll just, like, look into it. Okay, cool. So, you know, if you were to theoretically join the team, like, yeah, I think the program itself would last about six months just to strip that weight. Main focus there is on sort of creating a lifelong change. And by that, I mean, like, for every girl that we want, we come through, we want to get them to the point where they don't actually need us anymore, right? To achieve that, you'd be, you know, working with me and then you just go on as normal.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. All right. Like, if you're getting consistent results, you've had someone working with you, make sure you're enjoying everything, you feel like you could stay consistent with it. Yeah. Okay, cool. And then you'd basically get to that. Do you feel like that could be sort of what you were looking for in the start? Yeah, yeah, I think that could definitely be. Okay. And then you just keep going, right?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. In the DM for this chick that booked in for six, uh, what next time. Yeah. Uh, yeah. Yeah. What I have. Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Um, yeah, they've just kind of said like, so they've gotten the goal, what they've struggled with to achieve the goal, where they work and what they do, I mean, sorry, where they live and what they do, and then she said, oh, she goes, to get a better idea of how I can support you, you can ask where you're based and what you do for work, and is your day usually more on your feet or mostly at a desk? So it is very assumptive that this person wants some kind of support, it's like, kind of, I can imagine it could potentially lose people there, but like, in her defence, I've given her no script for this, she's just winging it, and then, um, they've said where they, where they live and what they do, and then she goes, Sometimes I'm like, how are people not, no, this is like, so, so bot-like, funny you say that, I was actually just helping another woman who works in an office, And she was struggling with the exact same thing around nutrition and staying motivated. It's so generic. I've got to run soon, so I couldn't do right now, but would you be opposed to jumping in a call over the next few days and I can help move you in the right direction?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so something kind of along those lines, like she didn't, as long as she didn't mention, you know, coaching and stuff like that just yet, because again, you just haven't pulled them in far enough. The idea, again, I've got to sit down and like really think about the wording around this, but the idea is you want to frame it as you're just taking time out of your day to kind of give them even more information and personally help them.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Well, I feel like what you said of like, what I would naturally want to say along kind of similar to what you said before, like if I was to try and match what you said before, would be where you said like, I can kind of hear that you're pretty serious about wanting to actually achieve this. So I'd love to like, happy to jump on a 15, 20 minutes. Call over the next couple of days to kind of help move you in the right direction if that's something you'd want to do or something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it'd be along those lines. With this, again, this is off the top of my head. I haven't even had the time to like probably sit down and kind of think about it. But I'd say we want to come from the angle of like because we're taking time out of our day, it's not like if you're down for that. It's like you're on my time and I'm doing this for you.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So again, I'll sit down and think about how to properly word it. But essentially, yeah, you just want to hint at them that it's like a coaching offer or anything like that. It's like I'm just giving you free time to help you essentially.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. So I won't edit the script yet.
Kyle Musca: I'll wait till you've updated it. Yeah. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Well, I'm just going to.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, I mean, the good thing about that is like the lead magnet side of things is pulling through a good cost per lead, which means that if we can, one, it'll help us refine the actual ad targeting. But, you know, if we get to a point where we decide, okay, the lead magnet stuff can take over the direct sales stuff, what we could do is just go hard on the lead magnet, build out – that will also help build out emailing lists and stuff like that. But also, then we could just do a low-budget retarget for direct response stuff.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, right. Why are you, like, pivoting or, like, why are you so keen on the lead magnet stuff now?
Kyle Musca: I just think you'll get – I just think you'll get – I mean, the direct response stuff is working well for you. I just think you'll probably get more consistent volume through that because what can happen is, like, if you just do direct response, it will work for, like, an extended period of time. But what can happen is you can kind of exhaust that sort of demographic. So it's like if you can filter through, you know, direct response, you know, lead – Lead magnet stuff. Again, don't want to get over complicated, potentially a break-even type of thing. If you just have like two or three funnels that you can kind of, similar funnels, so they're basically exact same funnel, but two or three that you can kind of bounce off, then it's like you can change up what you're offering.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: And the other thing is they're just seeing, because I've been like looking at your cost per lead for the lead magnet stuff, and that's considerably better than the cost per lead for, I mean, it's not considerably better, but it is better than the cost per lead for the direct response stuff. So if we can get that moving forward, then there's definitely merit for it to like double down on, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: What's the, how many leads? Wait, where do I check that? In, oh, I haven't been, I just realized I didn't fill that out in, for the last week. I need to do that. I don't know why I literally just didn't fill that out. My brain just. I've ignored those problems. I'll do that after because I was going to say, how many leads have there been in?
Kyle Musca: Well, there's not much spend on it. So I wanted to see if it was even worth doing. When we come into that, let's start to get in a bit. So I'm just looking at this real quick.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, sorry, I'm looking at the ads. End.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I might even turn that off because that's just not performing that well. I wonder what, let's actually write this down here. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Oh, I think there's a problem with the... the... Oh, I think there's a the... Oh, Never mind.
Kyle Musca: The other thing, I'm just going to turn that one off. I'm not pulling through the leads we want. Sorry, let me get this sort of photo. Yeah, other thing is I think the next direct response thing we should head into is probably running a challenge, I would say, if you're up for that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, we kind of started talking about that, just how to do it in a kind of way that aligns with the long term. Like, I don't want to end up with a very high turn, just with the type of, I guess like, yeah. I've seen... I've the negative impact of that style on churn on a lot of businesses, so I'm just, like, keen to do it in a way that doesn't – because obviously churn's not a problem for someone who's got 100K, 200K followers when they're relying on volume.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the challenge – I mean, the challenge is just, like, a real – it's just a good prompt to get people to sort of, like, feel like they're – it's just a psychological tool more than anything. So it's, the offer would stay the same. Everything would stay the same.
Meg Tovey: just say it's a challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'm not a fan of, like, low-ticket challenges. Like, you know, done right, they can be all right, I guess. But realistically, if you're going to do that, you might as well just do, like, a short, you know, three-, four-week thing and then upsell them. I think – Where a lot of people go wrong with them is they try and go in the middle ground of, like, it's an eight-week challenge for  $299. And the problem with that is, like, that's, like, the worst time period you'd probably want to use is because by then, you know, they've gotten enough information that they feel like they can kind of do it themselves. So I just go straight in. Pardon?
Meg Tovey: Or they've, like, fizzled out after the week for.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the motivation's dropped. So I just like to go straight for the juggler. So it's just like, all right, cool, we're doing six months and it's three and a half K. So what I would do then, and what I could see, you know, just, again, off the top of my head, I've kind of been thinking about this recently, is for your challenge, I reckon we just go straight in for promoting six months and 20 kilos of weight loss. You know what mean? This isn't a, this isn't like a little eight-week challenge that you see the influencers do.
Meg Tovey: This is a challenge for women that want to lose 20 kilos over the next six months. Yeah, pain.
Kyle Musca: Like, that's the demographic. And I think that would probably, you know, again, there's no way, no until we test it, but I think that will resonate with, you know, the larger women more because they probably do see all these like little short-term challenges and know that it's just not going to be enough for them.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then you could also sell it like, you know, again, we'll play around with the messaging here. But, you know, by the time the challenge is over, will almost be summer or something like that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, I'm keen for that for sure. Yeah, I was just like, because obviously a lot of our content is also around like stopping the yo-yo dieting, the short challenges and things like that. So I was like, as long as we can just do it in a way that's kind of values aligned. Like, I hate saying that because I fully understand marketing.
Kyle Musca: That's one of those things.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You shouldn't have to run a challenge. You shouldn't have to say like, we'll help you turn it up. But it's like. So buzzwords that people like.
Meg Tovey: Just a quick question because I was just doing this data while you were chatting. Have I done this wrong? 86 leads in many chat. I went subscribed after 19th of June before 25th and it's 86? Or is it just more because there's the freebie now?
Kyle Musca: No, so you've got to add the tag. So that's just everyone that's messaged you. So go condition and then tag.
Meg Tovey: Oh, and then qualified. 14. Okay. I don't know if I did that last week. Oh, yeah, I did because it's 16.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if they're massively off, then I'll.
Meg Tovey: So how come that's not?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is, I actually dealt with this just before. So see how it's up? This is the formula here. Yeah. So I was pulling F8, which is this column. And I think this column. Yeah. The many chat. So you just have to.
Meg Tovey: Wait.
Kyle Musca: So click on this and just delete ref.
Meg Tovey: With the exclamation mark as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, delete the whole blue line. And then just type F6.
Meg Tovey: And then this one?
Kyle Musca: So that one will be F10 and this one. So I can't see it because the bars are like F6, yeah.
Meg Tovey: And then this is also F6.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so.
Meg Tovey: Is it?
Kyle Musca: Cost per call. It's quite as well. Yeah, yeah, I'd say so, yeah. So although you're, again, this is why the data is so important to have with these metrics, because your cost per conversation went up, but all the conversations were really, really qualified. So everything's healthy from that point onwards.
Meg Tovey: Is this one F6? lot success. next time. As well?
Kyle Musca: I would say so. Anything cost will be based off original ad spend.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Beautiful. But other than that, yeah, they looked, I mean, if you get an 80% cost lead to booking ratio, that's really, really good.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Wait, so that's everyone that finishes the automation?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.% of them are booking a call. If you got, if this 11 came from all ads, then yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, it is because I put the organic down here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yes.
Meg Tovey: Cool. Love that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, you can see that the marketing is doing well because, you know, even 50% is really good. 40% is really good. So, if we're sitting at 80%, then we're cheering.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, and this has gone down. What's this cost per call?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, and $260 as an acquisition, obviously, like, the lower we get this is, yeah, better, obviously.
Meg Tovey: But realistically... $3,400 package. I'm happy with that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's, like, realistically, I mean, for me, like, $500 is the max. don't want to see it, but I think that that $500 is kind of, like... Big red flags kind of need to go up if it's any higher than that. Ideally, you know, good for me is, like, if we're sitting at $300, then I'm pretty happy.
Meg Tovey: The only thing that I'm, like, I guess, including mentally in that is the set of spend and you. Because that's an extra, like... Um... How much is the setup? $2.10 per week USD.
Kyle Musca: That would be maybe.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, it's like an extra $820, $30 a week. So it does impact that quite significantly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So.
Meg Tovey: Well, like, obviously still, wait.
Kyle Musca: But that's what I Just I mean, you wouldn't really want to mess with this number here. Yeah, you wouldn't want to mess with that because I would skew the actual ad spend stuff. I don't know. What I would do there is you could just do, like, the actual. If you really wanted to, you could do. Cost per, so cost per acquisition of ads was that $259. And then you would basically take. could could could could The $800 divided by four.
Meg Tovey: Like divided by the total sales?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that would be technical cost per acquisition if you included everything.
Meg Tovey: Well, on my old one where I was like, you know how I used to say like a lot about like bringing CAC down? It was this info plus just those two things. So like I'm not including like all the business expenses. Just like direct for the ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So that's probably, that's how I would do it. As long as I'm not having a brain dead moment and messing up my math.
Meg Tovey: That's how I would do it. Yeah. Yeah. Which is definitely an improved, like that's still significantly lower than it was. It was up at like 1,000, 1,200, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So a lot of it, you know, there's obviously sometimes where you can just sort of run it and then just goes off to the races. going going it. I I don't think I'm not I think a lot of it was initially having that cap has definitely helped us because that's clearly improved things with time. And then just making sure that the setting process is dialed in properly. I think once we pulled those two levers, then, yeah, it's been improving ever since then. And my content. getting away from them and the content and getting away from single moms.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, . I was just looking. What was I? This calc is based on profit collected. Oh, so I was basing the – wait, where's the other one? CPA on – I was doing – mine was – Wow, my brain's not working. working. Like calculating how much cash collected for the month divided by how many sales minus all those expenses.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you're going to do that, I would also take into consideration contract value, but I'd probably separate the two. So it's like this is...
Meg Tovey: I have profit collected and profit contract value as well, but the CAC was calculated based off the collected sales. I don't know what that's based off. Let me do the maths. Two, two, two.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd probably know both those numbers just because in terms of I would do a CAC, cash collected CAC and then a, and then a contract value CAC essentially. So it's like theoretically, if they finish this contract, then they should, this should be.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, cash collect is something that I still need to work better on. Like, I still default a lot to just doing the, like, first week and onboarding fears, like, the thing, because I think I still have fears that they're going to say no when I present it as a full amount.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the biopsychology there is, like, if you're just understanding, bringing it down, it's the same thing, but you, like, instead of adding fees, you just reduce fees, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: What do you mean?
Kyle Musca: So it's like, if you're going to, let's just say it's $3,500, instead of saying, you know, it's $500 a month, and then an onboarding fee of, like, $700, it's like, then you're adding fees, where it's like, if it's, okay, $3,500 for the entire six months, no, it's too expensive. Okay, what we can do is we can just cover $700 a star, and then it'll just be $500 a month from that point on, would that be?
Meg Tovey: Those aren't the actual numbers, by the way, that's just amazing. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: can end up the same. But I just prefer it that way because you're reducing the total figure rather than adding things on.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that's, mean, if what you're doing is working, then it's working.
Meg Tovey: I think, yeah, sometimes I can, I don't know if I just  made this up, but I feel like you can kind of tell if someone's more likely to go for a painful option or like be more. Drawn to a pain, like to the full amount versus someone who's kind of, you could tell they're living paycheck to paycheck.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It might be different for girls. Like there's a lot of blunt dudes I'll talk to and I'm like, this guy's not going to pay anything. And then he was just like, yeah, it's three and a half grand. He's like, okay, cool. Yeah. And you're like, all right. Yeah. So I've seen that change from demographic to demographic, but yeah, it's tricky because you just never know.
Meg Tovey: Like, yeah, you can have it.
Kyle Musca: Sense for something, but they can always surprise you both ways. Cool. Other than that, yeah. Is there anything else you want to cover at all?
Meg Tovey: I do not think so.
Kyle Musca: Well, I think, yeah, ideally, we'll continue to do, I mean, if you're happy with it, might even scale the other campaign a little bit more, the lead magnet campaign a little bit more, if you're happy to dabble in that. When I've ran lead magnets before, again, I think I said this when we were very first started, cut my cost per call in half. And the conversion was actually good off them. Like, the conversion wasn't like, I can't remember exactly, but I don't even think it was different, to be honest.
Meg Tovey: Can we just wait till I've updated the script, till you've updated the script, and then I steal it, and then we scale it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Meg Tovey: So I know how I'm also running the call because, like, with this chick that I've got in 10 minutes, I'm kind of like she's, like, kind of half been presented coaching, but, like, not fully. It's not just like I'm going to help you on the call. It's, like, a bit weird, so I don't really know how to I'm going to, I guess, navigate this call. But, yeah, once I've got to clear, like, set a script and call script for, I think once the set a script is clear, I'll be way more clear of how to navigate the call. And then, yeah, we can go hard with the ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. The only other thing, quickly show you on that, is because we've seen the lead magnet stuff is clearly, well, we'll also get more with Vaughan as well, so that'll be interesting to see how we go. So, you're filming that with him soon, aren't Sunday. Yeah, okay. So, and when you leave to Japan?
Meg Tovey: Uh, in a month.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay, cool.
Meg Tovey: I've got another filming game with him before then, though.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay, fantastic. Okay, cool. So what we, yeah, so the videos have already sort of pulled through for us. So theoretically, if we do a graphic, it should bring in like lower cost leads. So what we may even want to do over the next week is kind of something like, so there's different ways you can do this. And I would probably play around with, there's three ways that I recommend doing. One is like the normal Instagram style ones. I'm going to pull up this one because it kind of be similar to that. And then instead of a transformation, it would just be like the title of the goal setting guide or whatever. Yeah. So it's like, you want my free goal setting guide that's helped him just bring in, you know, the end of the word, guide, whatever. There's that one. There is the simple one. So this is the one, the exact one that I ran when it halved my cost per call. And I was just like. Like, I wonder if this will work. So I feel like pretty minimal effort into it. Where it was like literally just an image of the front. And I was like, if you can DM me that. And then the other one, I don't think I have it on hand for me now. But it would be more of a professional style one. So I don't think I have any. I know Kyle did it. I'll show you. Actually, yeah. Let's challenge. to up do Great. Thank Oh, maybe it's Black Friday.
Meg Tovey: Who does your more like-polished-looking ones?
Kyle Musca: The same guy? Lucky. Yeah. Yeah. He, I've realised, is not very good at doing the Instagram-style ones.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I ended up doing them after I did the second round because my OCD with the, like, attention to detail.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So probably won't use him for that. But he's good with the more professional stuff.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Anyway, it's just sort of a...
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I get what you mean. Yeah, it's... Kind probably what I did with, like, the funnels program with the, like, landing page was very, like, polished.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so actually I know who does it pretty well. Not pretty well, but just that...
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I see the ads all the time.
Kyle Musca: As if that didn't come up. I'm, like, determined to do this now.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, you're, like, so far in that you can go.
Kyle Musca: Here we go. Oh, they don't even have any ads running on them. Anyway, yeah, you've seen them before, so we'll just end it there. Yeah, I think if we try those three different styles out, like, yeah, realistically, definitely hope that one performs well. But, yeah, I think when I did it, I think my cost per lead was, like, $15 or something like that.
Meg Tovey: With the, you saying, like, cost per lead for the... Yeah, Staying thing is good, but there's only been two booked calls. How do I know how many leads have come through that? Oh, I just was like, hey, like what do you kind of...
Kyle Musca: So the cost per lead on it is good, but there's just not much ad spend on it because it's trying to, at the moment, it's doing $50 a day, but it's trying to split that up with all the progress educational style videos plus all the lead magnet ones we did.
Meg Tovey: Right, okay. Well, yeah, you just tell me what to make or get made and I'll get at it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And just to finish on that because, I mean, the last seven days off of that... And it's only spent less than $100. You got three leads through that. And then one of them booked, didn't they?
Meg Tovey: Who have booked?
Kyle Musca: Was one from before, though?
Meg Tovey: Like out of the way? Oh, yes. One was from before, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So even if we're going off that conservative figure of just within the last week, that's a 33% booking rate.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: And again, quick math off the top of my head. That would be similar cost-per-booking as what you've currently got.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah, similar cost-per-booking as what you've currently got. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So I will let you know once I've updated the script. And then, yeah, we'll probably even look at scaling that. Definitely look at scaling it. And then if you could – do you think you're, like, confident in making some of the graphics? That's right. Thank you.
Meg Tovey: The Instagram ones, definitely, not the polished ones, but I can get.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. If you can make some Instagram-style ones, both of the one I showed you where it's the normal ones we do, and then even just try and show just, like, just the front image. Yeah. How that goes.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. How many should I do?
Kyle Musca: I would do a minimum of four each.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Depending. Like, if it's just, you know, if it's just the front image. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Let's just set a goal of four each. Yeah. Like, four of the normal ones and the four of the, like, ones with just the front page and then four polished.
Kyle Musca: Yes. The one you're currently giving away is a mini-series, isn't it?
Meg Tovey: The sustained one, you mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: It's a podcast training.
Kyle Musca: Ah, right. Okay.
Meg Tovey: Okay. That's even... That's even... even... It's a great resource. I didn't really plan on using it as a freebie. I kind of wanted it to send to people when they don't book a call, but they seem like hot leads. But now it's a freebie. Like someone the other day when I got the setter to follow up with like a checking, could like that link work for you. And she goes, yeah, just send me to a podcast. I was like, oh, . And she just like continued the combo as normal. But yeah, I don't know if we need to make a new, like a webinar or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Oh, that's a whole other thing I could go into. There's a mastermind that would be really good for that.
Meg Tovey: And I've like built out a presentation thing and everything like that for it. Have I ran through that with you?
Kyle Musca: No. Okay. Maybe remind me on that next week.
Meg Tovey: Mastermind. If I say mastermind, will you remember?
Kyle Musca: If you, uh, yeah, presentation mastermind, but I've got it to the point where, you know, you can pretty much just chuck it straight in.
Meg Tovey: It'll build the entire thing for you. Play. Because, yeah, I've got the free goals guide and then that training, and then I have a masterclass, but that's the one I used to sell live at the end. And it's not as relevant to our target client now, very like younger booty-building girls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, with this presentation thing that I've built out, you'd just be able to pump them out. Yeah, it's been a long time going back and forth to get it right. So, yeah, remind me about that. I'll show you all that, and I'll send you all the projects and stuff so you can create it for yourself. Yeah, I'm pretty happy with how it came out. Cool. All right, well, yeah, if there's anything else, just let me know. Otherwise, definitely remind me about that because we'll spend a decent amount of next week's topic just going through that. And if you can, I think that's something that would work really, really well for you because you could, like, if you did, like, one a week, you'd have so many lead magnets to run with. Yeah. And if that's, you know, if that, like, if Lead Magnus are the things that we go into more, then, yeah, you'd be bowled.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, cool. Cool, cool, cool.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. All right. Good luck with your call, and I will chat to you soon.
Meg Tovey: One quick question. I have a friend who wants, well, she actually asked me for assistance, and I was like, I think I might talk to you. So are you, do you want more ads clients?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, funny that you say that. I'm actually, I've got one spot left. So, yeah, has she got a decent business?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. If you want to shoot me her details, I'm more than happy to reach out and chat to her, for sure. Cool. All right. Talk to you soon. Chat soon. Bye. Bye.


>>> 75/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-28T08:50:53Z | id:117692276
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. How going?
arranhumphreys: Hey, bro. How you doing?
Kyle Musca: Good, man. Good.
arranhumphreys: How's it doing? Yeah, not too bad, bro. Pretty, just went and redid my ads this morning with a mate and then just spent this morning. Oh, . I lost you. Just spent this morning just cleaning up a little bit of my back and  on the app for my coaching stuff. So getting all that set up. So it's good, man. I've been just getting the  tipped off that I've been wanting to do for a long time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've got too much time.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah. Now I've got some extra time.
Kyle Musca: It's good. Yeah, so on that too, man, I guess it's probably a good thing that you've, you know, had to have been so flat out with time before because you kind of learn to prioritize the most important tasks. Yeah. That's something I'd really get into the habit of doing, man, is like you're going to feel, you know, being a business owner, you're to feel like you have a lot of different fires in the business. Reality is, it's like there's usually one thing a day that it's like that's the most important thing I need to do today. Like, it doesn't matter what the  happens. I just need to get that thing done. And realistically, if you get really good at that, you can run your entire business off, you know, two hours a day just because you just do exactly what's needed. And then, you know, the rest of it will just sort its own  out. A really good book on that is The 4-Hour Workweek.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay. I'll write that down because I don't mind actually reading good books.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's, that also comes into like, he talks about... ... ... ... You know, one priority task, but also delegation. So delegation is when you start hiring a team properly and, you know, they handle little moving parts and you kind of just come in and make decisions and make, again, do those tasks that actually move the  thing forward. For me, you're going to be pretty similar, man. It's content, sales calls. Those are the two main things, honestly. Obviously, you also have fulfillment of handling your clients until you get a coaching board.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah. Which is, this week, that's what I was sort of, I was really making sure I sort of made everything really solid and good because I haven't closed anyone this week from Monday, but like me reoccurring revenue is like  really good, which is awesome. So I'm like, oh, okay, I'm just going to make sure everyone's happy while Leeds Iron is, you know, going through at the end of the day.
Kyle Musca: That's important. Yeah, definitely. And when it's like that, man. Um, again, this, I mean, you're going to get setters on board, which they can kind of do this for you. But like, if you've got the spare time, you know, you can always go through like old calls, man, expired clients, , um, old calls, expired clients, um, and, and go hard on current clients, clients with referrals.
arranhumphreys: Been a long time. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's, um, , man. It's been actually awesome. So I set up like a, I set up a link. told them it was their own personalized link, but it's just a link that it's a different type form. It says like who referred you. And I sent it out to all of them personally. Um, and then I did been doing that 150 bucks each signup and the lads have been pumping a day, like just posting on their stories and that, which has been good. I've got a few, few, I've got a few, well, I'd say probably five or six signups. So like pretty  good. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If they're posting on that story. story. If That's what I've noticed about yours, man, is your guys actively post on their stories, which is  awesome. That's what you want. And with referrals, you'll find that it's, you know, 9 out of 10 of your clients won't refer anyone, but then you'll find a feeder, and it's really  important that you just treat them really  well, because they'll just keep feeding your clients. Like, I've got, you know, one dude, you know, his payments are, like, they fail a lot, but he's been on long enough that, like, he's given me enough that, you know, I'm not too salty about it, and he's really good in the community and everything like that. But he, you know, last week, his brother signed up. This week, like, literally just before this, my closer signed up, one of his mates, you know what I mean? So it's like, you'll find someone like that, and they'll just keep referring your clients.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, well, I found one lad, and when I sent him that first 150 bucks, like, he must have been tied on cash, and he was that cheater. So he was just pumping it, man. He was posting it every day. was like, that's awesome.
Kyle Musca: Man, I know one of my other clients, he's got this one girl and she's not a, you know, she's just a client. She's not a coach or anything, but she posts like she's a coach. Like she posts, it's not good, you know, educational content, but it's just like, I guess what women do post for coaching, right? Or fitness content. And like from that one chick alone, like you've got like 40 clients in a year or something out of it. And she only had like 2,000 followers, man. So it's like, sometimes you'll find those smaller accounts have just really good pull with their audience. You know what mean? Like, it's all friends, it's all family. It's not like they've like built it just a bunch of randoms who have just followed them.
arranhumphreys: It's like real personal connections. Yeah, I get you.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, I'll definitely keep encouraging it. The other thing my missus did actually is, you know, if someone does refer a mate and they join. You know, you might want to drop into the group chat. You I just wanted to welcome Matt on board. He's a mate of Michael. And, you know, I just wanted to give a special shout out to Michael because, you one thing I'm really focused on is building a community of like-minded lads. And, you know, not just letting anyone in, but letting the right people in. So, huge shout out to Michael. And as a way of, you know, saying thanks, I've just shot him $150.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, so then people are going to be like, oh, , yeah, they get recognized as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, 100%. And like, you know, you know, one, they might want to just, it keeps it top of mind to other lads because it's one thing saying, you know, I'll send you $150 if you refer a mate. But it's another thing, you know, publicly shown that you have sent someone $150.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? It's a legitimate, you know, thing. Yeah, cool. So, yeah. So, whoa. Yeah. How do you think the ads came up this morning?
arranhumphreys: Better. That was a lot better. So I pretty much just redid the one in the gym, like the filming, did it on me mate's camera. I'll send you one video. I don't know if you'll be able to see it, but this is like, the camera looked  really good. The actual like colors of it. Um, so I'm pretty stoked with that. And then I've just put them all in a drop box for that other editor. Cause I messaged your editor and he said he can't do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. He's about to have a baby.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Mehdi, Mehdi's pretty good. Um, for, for that style of thing, they're probably pretty on par cause it's pretty simple cuts. You don't want it looking gimmicky or anything like that. You just want it looking clean. Um, have you got a camera?
arranhumphreys: I've got this little DJI thing, but I'm thinking about getting. Biden and Bullitt, I've got this little Osmo.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's cool for like on the go. Yeah. I mean, they're not cheap, but, you know, I've got the Sony A7C, which is really good for filming. And especially in gym, it's like really good for like low light filming.
arranhumphreys: A7C.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so A7C. I think that's like two and a half grand on its own. The thing with the cameras is you  have to buy the lens, which is like just as expensive as the body itself. I can't remember exactly what I got. I think it was like an F1.8 or something. That's the aperture. That's basically how good it is at shooting in low light. But it was like the F1.8 mil, 35 mil, some . I don't know. If you look into it, let me know and I can actually suss it for you. So I think all up, it was probably close to five grand.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But in saying that, I've had it for, like, well over two years, and it's still solid as , and it gets really crisp footage, so.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, I think out of anything, it's probably be a good thing to buy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and, you know, obviously I've gotten a lot of use out of it because I've filmed a lot of content on it, but I only film ads on it now, and it's still, you know, well worth it.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I reckon I'd definitely look into that. Yeah, you don't have to, but like, it's exactly, like, it's what all the, you know, YouTube vloggers and stuff use, it's that camera.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, there might be new ones out there, you know, at the time it was the one, and it still shoots  crisp ads, and it's got the, like, the only reason I'd say to do that over a phone, obviously the quality's there, but it has, like, a flip screen thing, so it's like, if you're self-recording, you can, like, flip the screen, and you actually see where you are, which is, like, that's the only main reason I say, like, over a phone.
arranhumphreys: The phone just doesn't have that, unfortunately. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you can't see where you are, right?
arranhumphreys: No. Well, no, I am. I definitely am looking at just sort of upgrading on me . I just got a new MacBook, which,  me dead, bro. It saved me that much time. My old one is lagging out of the Mac. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's the thing. When it comes to technology, if it's not necessary, then it's not necessary. But having a phone that works, having a laptop that works properly is pretty important when you're like, running your entire business through it. So, yeah, because I had my, like, the iPhone 15 or something, and I, like,  it in Dubai. Like, water damage got in it. And I was like, oh, I don't really want to go get a new phone. But I ended up spending, like, $500 to fix it and then buy a new phone afterwards, like, a month after, because I was just like, oh,  it. Well, to be fair, the biggest thing I was opposed to buying it was because I had my content stored on it.
arranhumphreys: I was like, , I'm so  pissed off.
Kyle Musca: But then I found out real. Thankfully saves it to the cloud, so it wouldn't have even mattered. But anyway, that's a side tangent. Cool, bro. Sweet. So first things first, when are you planning to start with Clemé?
arranhumphreys: With the setter and that? Yes. So she said a week. So she just said what she said to me. I've just got to connect her to my many chat. Let me have a look.
Kyle Musca: Now, here is a proposition. Clemé's good. She kind of handles everything. Recently, I think she's gone through like back-end hiring issues and stuff, finding a good experience setter. So I've been kind of like pissed off with her quality recently. She's been good for a long time, but yeah, it pissed me off there. So I do have another guy who's a recruiter, and he's hired a few people for me so far. So basically what he does is he goes and sources. to do that? I don't really high quality people. And again, the highs I've made off them so far have been really good. So what we could do there is, I wasn't going to do this on my own, but because the demographics are very similar, we could even look at going and getting a setter and then having one setter and share it between you and I as a count. Oh, yeah. I wasn't going to do that with anyone else because you want the tonality, you want them to get really good at the tonality and stuff. You know, I mean, it's obviously very different speaking to a dude in his late 20s as it is a girl in her  40s. Yeah. So, I mean, that's an option there for you as well.
arranhumphreys: If that's something you want to suss.
Kyle Musca: Either one is absolutely fine.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, well, I'd be happy to do that, bro. With you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because he charges more as a flat rate. Because he charges like, it's between like 12 to 15 Australia.
arranhumphreys: Well, that's what she'd be charging me because it's $7 USD per hour.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then with that as well, there's no commissions on top.
arranhumphreys: Oh, well, that's good because she's $25 USD commission, which is like $35, $40.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, that's not bad at all, to be fair. Um, definitely manageable. It used to be like $50 USD, but I've been working with it for so long and got it down. Um, I'll go have a chat to him about it because like the longer you have, well, one, the longer you have them in the account. So it's like if you need them in there, if you need it in there like 40 hours a week, which I think you would definitely would easily, easily need. I think it drops down. But then I think you, I spoke to him about this a while ago. If you need like two, you get a better rate from that. So I might go have a chat with him again. And the only thing. The only reason I'm leaning towards that over Klamay is simply because with that, you get the setter, like you interview the setter and you just work directly with the setter and only in your account. Whereas with hers, it's like she kind of manages them. If something like, like I had a really good setter through her, he's  killing it. But I think he got like another job or whatever. And then like since then, it's just  tanked. So that's why I'm kind of like, I'd rather just have someone in my account 100% of the time or our account 100% of the time, just 24-7, understanding the tonality. And, you know, you basically train them into the position.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay. Well, that sounds bad. That sounds a bit bad. I see when I'm just starting as well, you know, like I prefer to do it right the first time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I wouldn't recommend doing it like if it was just one of us, but like if it's both of us, probably works out well. I'll go have a chat to him. It's worth a sus.
arranhumphreys: sus. Thank
Kyle Musca: And then, well, obviously, I'll train him, so he'll understand how to do it in your account. Cool. All right, well, I'll have a chat with him, because I've kind of been thinking about doing it. I feel bad for leaving Climay, but anyway, that's no stress. Cool, right. So, all we'll get that sorted. And then, the other thing is, gone through the graphics there, so you got them finished, didn't you?
arranhumphreys: Yeah. I was pretty happy with how they came up. Let me know what you thought. That's just a  random video, but that's like the color of the camera. Like, I thought it came up pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Oh, It was a bit different. I don't know. You wouldn't know how hard days work, your turkey's stuck in your face. This is for you. Yeah. Did it look like it? Yeah. So with these. If you're a bloke who works long days, gets home, absolutely cook, and you're still trying to follow fitness advice from influencers, you wouldn't know your heart. So even in future, I'd even cut that down because this is like a hard thing to say all at one go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can deliver it well. It's just hard to say. I'd probably, yeah, just in future. If you're a bloke who works long days, gets home, absolutely cook, and you're still trying to follow fitness advice from influencers, you wouldn't know your hard days. If you're a bloke who works long days on the tools and you get home from work feeling absolutely cooked, and then you might even want to cut it there, and then like, just like a little head shift or something, doesn't have to be crazy, and you're still trying to follow fitness advice by influencers who wouldn't know a hard day's work, turkey slapped him in the face, and then go back to, this is for you.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Just to make it easy to say, because like saying... That much wording, it's  a mouthful. Cool. So there's that. That should come up fine. As long as it's edited properly, it will come up nicely.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, I've got, and that time, I did chop it a lot more than the other one that I sent you, because I was looking at yours, and I was like, okay, I'll try and do the same sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, to be honest, like, as long, if it's a shorter sentence, I'll say it, but if it's a longer sentence, like, you'll see I'll cut it into, like, two or three cards.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, beautiful. Most tradies don't struggle. They struggle because they keep trying the same  and never broke in the first place. Yep. Cool. So, with this, I just try not to cover your face too much.
arranhumphreys: Okay. All right. I can redo that one if not.
Kyle Musca: I mean, like, there's nothing to say that might not work, but you kind of want people to be able to associate who they're, you know, got it.
arranhumphreys: Okay. a to Yeah. True, true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's true. Just because, like, if, for example, maybe someone's seen your content or maybe they even follow you, if they see this, they won't pick up that it's you unless they see, like, your profile.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Okay, yeah. Now that's easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. This is good. This will, yeah, this will be fine. You just got to be careful that that, because there'll be that little send message button also, like, roughly there.
arranhumphreys: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that's, yeah, that's sweet. Work, work, trade, and key to get shredded. So what you might, like, what I was kind of envisioning here is, like, having, you know, a shredded photo or, like, this photo here and then a shredded photo of you there. And it's, like, sort of shows that you're, like, both, essentially.
arranhumphreys: You've done the trade and you've  shredded. You know what mean? Okay.
Kyle Musca: All right. Because you're the, you're the trend, like, how you do a transformation photo, essentially, but you're.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: I can do that. Do you use Canva to create those?
arranhumphreys: I was doing them in Instagram.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Create these in Instagram. Definitely. It looks a bit  weird when you create on Canva, do you have Canva?
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I've got Canva. Yeah. Sick. So, I mean, I only use this for one thing. It's just transformation photos. This sort of, I don't know if you do it like this, but this is something I would recommend doing. So I have a vertical and a square one.
arranhumphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I usually, I use the square one most of the time, but every single week when I got to create a new one, I'll just like duplicate the page and just do it off that. Yeah. That way it kind of just like saves all the transformations as you go.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. And then you've got to move.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But again, that's just a little detail, you know. I don't to do it that way, but, you know, when I look at that, I can definitely see the, you know, potential for you to, ah, , you know, have a shredded photo, have a photo next to it, kind of. Yeah. Or the ones I created, don't know if I sent them to you, like, these are the ones I created, for example. So you might even want to do something similar to that. Oh, yeah.
arranhumphreys: I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Main back photo and then, like, a little, yeah. Yeah, information, better there.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Sick floating your body inside all day, feeling too exhausted to cut that extra. Yeah, perfect by the end. Yeah, beautiful. Perfect. Looking for seven traders, want to cut. Yeah, perfect. It's not, this is not for you if. With those, I mean, actually, that's, that's absolutely fine. I do a mic. Again, you're going to have your. So there's no right or wrong here, as long as it all looks good. But just for reference, I like to separate things as much as possible.
arranhumphreys: But again, I put a little thingy in it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like trying to draw, you know, this is not for you with XYZ, but if you're ready to cut it, here you go. Yeah, okay. But again, there's nothing to say that that's wrong at all. Sick of skull-draging myself through the work desk. think I've been interested in this thing. Yep, beautiful. Beautiful. Happy days there. What I would do, though, is like when you say like this is for you, wherever you say it, whether it's there or if it's, you know, under here or whatever, I would try and separate it. Like that, so it's just like, just so it stands out, you know what mean?
arranhumphreys: Yeah, that can make it a bit bigger. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Most traders don't struggle. So with this, yep, beautiful, mate, happy there. Beautiful. This looks sick already. If you're not a bloke on the tools, don't want 10 to 15, isn't it? Yeah, so again, not necessarily you have to change it. But that's where I'd have like, that separate to that.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep, yep. But that's minor detail. The lucky toads, I tried everything on the sun. Yeah, beautiful. Cool. Keen to see how they go.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, which one do you have to do that one?
Kyle Musca: This one or the previous one?
arranhumphreys: That, that period.
Kyle Musca: Sick work and long days, and so, eating whatever's easy, and watching that gut slowly creep up, and eating. Yeah. So again, like, again, this is just a perfect preference, but anything kind of like that, you know mean? Yeah, okay, yeah. Just like, try and separate it. Goal was simple. If blokes like Luke. Yeah,  yeah. They aren't special, not determined, yeah. They're just stopping. Yep, cool. So there's some that, like, you know, you and I are definitely going to prefer over others, but, again, that's not to say that ones that we don't like as much won't perform better.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's why we're doing. Hard take for tradies. You don't struggle to lose fat because your job struggles everything you tried and didn't. Yeah, beautiful. Beautiful. True trader, let me take a guess. work hard, you take pride in what you do, but lately you're tired, you're nowhere near the man you could be, you know you could be. Looking at 7 traders, want to cut time. Yeah, perfect. Yeah, perfect. Looking at 7 traders, want to, yep, sick. With this as well, have you made sure that these trigger words are all in miniature?
arranhumphreys: No, that's my next thing after year. I've got a little thing. I've just been watching that, re-watching that video you made for me, and then I'm just going to fully get that ready to go. And then obviously I'll make sure once those ads are edited, that those trigger words are in there, whatever I said as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick.
arranhumphreys: I think you said it as charity anyway.
Kyle Musca: I think that's what most of these are. Yeah. Yeah, you just got to be real careful to make sure that it's always added properly, just because if you don't, it won't pull the lead through. So it's like when I'm looking at the back end of the ad scaling it, it might have a really good cost per result. I wouldn't really even look at that, to be honest. I'll just be like, well, this just isn't pulling leads. So I might turn it off when realistically it could be performing really well.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I try and keep an eye on it. don't know, like, if it doesn't look like it's adding up, then I'll suss it. But, like, it's better to be safe than sorry.
arranhumphreys: Okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: I don't know I'd kill them six months, but the beefs change wasn't fast. Yeah, sick. So they were  mint.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, I had a hectic trip.
Kyle Musca: trip. Yeah. I mean, and this is where, like, I'll write scripts for you, but I would get into the habit of even, like, sitting down each week and designating some time to make some ad scripts. Because if you do that, it just builds up over time and you're , like, you're never behind. And again, the new meta-update really favors creative angles. So it's, like, volume is the key. So for me, for example, my routine is Monday, I film, you know, organic content. Tuesday, I film ad content.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And if you're going to stick to that, like, I'll make sure the film, at least, I don't even do different hooks now for it. Just because, like, if I do that consistently, you know, that's easily 12 completely unique videos every single month.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So. So that's what I would get into the habit, man. You've got a lot of transformations here. So there's a couple that I would do if I was you. One is stuff like this, because you've got the transformations. I would definitely do some videos like that as an ad.
arranhumphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Something I've been doing, I haven't tested this yet, but again, really, really good to get into the habit of if you make a video that could perform, well as an ad, to just chuck an ad CTA on it and just save it for later. You don't have to post the ad CTA, but I like to keep my organic really organic. I don't like to sell on my organic. But for example, this one, man, there's a version I have where there's an ad CTA at the end. So I'm just going to chuck that as an ad.
arranhumphreys: So you don't, because I'll be  doing that though. So do you not reckon, because a lot of my stuff, I still say like, see DM, like if you. Do you want to change? Swing me a DM. Because we haven't done ads, do you think I should probably avoid that so it's not like I'm trying to sell on every reel I post?
Kyle Musca: Well, here's the thing, right? It depends on the type of video. So, look, if you're doing something like, you know, it's a coaching content-specific video, you know, maybe it's...
arranhumphreys: It's probably been a couple.
Kyle Musca: Milprep cheat code. I mean, it really depends. And it's hard to say context. So, for example, Milprep cheat codes, what I could see better there is like a lead magnet. A lead magnet, essentially. What I do...
arranhumphreys: Oh, yeah. Like, if you want to get my cheat codes,  comment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you want my ultimate cheat sheet for whatever the  you're talking about, comment XYZ. You just obviously have to have the resources there. lead magnets definitely can work well. And that's, I want to get your direct response stuff. We're pumping first. And then we can kind of like look at getting into the lead magnet stuff a little bit more. Yeah. But that's probably a few months off before we need to start looking at that. But again, getting into the habit of, you know, doing something like this. So for example, just by looking at this, I could probably see that this would be a really good  video to add a lead magnet onto, right? Same as these.
arranhumphreys: You know what mean? Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And it depends on where you want to come from with your coach, with your content, man. Like if you just want to be absolutely 100% coach, the trade is you probably won't grow the account that much. But if you have 10,000 followers and those 10,000 people follow you just because, you know, you do good coaching. Content, then, you know, you can make a lot more money than someone with 100,000 followers who just talks .
arranhumphreys: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, the trade-off is there. So it's like, where do you want to sit on that? And, again, it's going to be a personal preference for really at the end of the day. I would never try and hard sell through organic content where, so, for example, like, I'll pull it up. Like, my organic videos that I turn into ads, they're, it's a hard sell. It's not like, you if you're going to do organic, the max I'll do, if, like, you need a hand with this, me, give me A1, I'll get you sorted. Or go apply for coaching, I'll get you sorted.
arranhumphreys: That's the max I would do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. If it's something like this, like, this is the one I posted yesterday, for example. Oh, as if you have to download. Oh, good. It's not that long. Sweet. So. Yes, there's time to. So this is the end of the organic. This is where I cut it, the organic. The rest of it's going to And if you're keen to actually challenge yourself to see how far you can take your physique and you want a coach to help you get the best results possible, DM with the word physique. I've helped completely transform the lives of over a thousand different men and I've gotten extremely good at it. But I don't work with just anyone. If I don't think you're actually willing to put in the work or I think you're going to be annoying, then I'm going to tell you that I'm not the right guy for you. But if you actually are ready to get it done, shoot me through that DM. I'll chat to you soon. Shoot. I mean, like, I would not post that.
arranhumphreys: That's an organic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just because, one, you don't want to hard sell everyone organic. You just want to keep it real, a good relationship between you and the followers, your followers. Yeah.
arranhumphreys: But two, that's an extra 20 seconds of watch time.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. So it's like that itself could tank the engagement the video gets.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
arranhumphreys: That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. That ain't sick.
arranhumphreys: Question? Yeah, bro. Yeah, that does answer my question.
Kyle Musca: What I personally like to do is just always add the CTA with the drawn attention to it.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, that's, I've been doing that ever since you told me, which has been good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that's working a tree for me. You know what I mean? Like, if you can get to the point where you just do like light CTAs, like it's still a direct CTA, but, so for example, like, you know, you'd know Alex Hamosi, I assume. Yeah, it's never, ever like you've seen that guy jump on camera and be like,  give me 100 grand for a day's worth of work. Yeah, I mean, he's always like, you know, if you want to check, I've just created this. One, he's got his courses on his website, so it's like he'll direct you to there, or what he really likes to do is the workshops, right? So it's like, come out. My workshop, XYZ, right? Usually, if you're going to a site and you're qualified from doing these, like you go to the, let's say, money modelers course or whatever, if you're qualified, it will direct you to a link where it says, book in your call to suss out the workshop, essentially.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So the sale is always on the back end. If you can get it to the point where the sale is always on the back end, you never have to hard sell on the front end. You can push it really, really hard because you're, you know, always that guy that's just sort of giving something away or, you know, providing education. That's why he's built, I mean, there's a lot of reasons he's built such a big name, but that's part of the reason he's built such a big name for him is because he's never asking for a sale. He's always giving. Yeah. On the front end, you know what mean? Like, for all we know, if you got on a call with him, he'd just be an absolute  dog about it. But on the front end, he looks like, you know,  the . In this version of Jesus, guess. Cool. So, yeah, that's kind of what I would do. But I would get into the habit of, like, if I pull up my Reels thing now, I just, every time I post this, like, ad sit here, I'll edit it in Reels, and then I'll download the ad version, and then I'll just delete the rest of it and post the organic version.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, that's a habit I would really, really get into, because if you can get that sorted, then, again, you'll never struggle with ads. The other thing is, I would get into the habit of, yeah, that was the other thing I was going to go down to. If you can get into the habit of, like, understanding how to record an ad without a script, then it'll be really easy for you to pump out content. It's like, I'll write, obviously, write scripts and everything for you. Yeah. But for me, because I understand the structure of a Script, it's like I can kind of sit down and just talk straight to the camera, and scripts are pretty easy for me to pump out, so it just becomes really efficient. So there's different...
arranhumphreys: Sorry, I'm just plugging this computer in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, you're good. I don't know if this is the right one. Yeah, so there's different script frameworks that I'll write off. So there's problem, agitation, solution, action. So, for example, you know, if you're a tradie who works long days on the side, you get home from work feeling absolutely cooked, you feel like , you look like , and you're depressed because you've let yourself go, this is for you. So technically, that's the hook. You could technically combine that with the problem. But, you know, let's just say... Let's just, for the sake of argument, say that that is the problem part. And then agitation, you know what mean? Every day, every week, you say you're to start... But, you know, you get on the beers with the lads, you feel like , and you hang over last to Wednesday. By that time, you think, I'll just start next Wednesday, next Monday. All of a sudden, three years have gone by, and you've gained an extra 20 kilos.
arranhumphreys: This is just pretty  off the top of my head.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But agitation solution, that's exactly where I come in. I specialize in helping guys that work long days on site help to balance, you know, their training, nutrition around their schedule so they can get the best results possible without flogging their body, without destroying their body. You know what I mean? Now, if you want to learn a little bit more about how I do it,  DM me X, Y, Z.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Proof plan action. Proof plan promise, as it should be. But, essentially, it's, you know, this is Michael who lost 10 kilos, this is Jack who lost 20 kilos, this is Sam who lost 30 kilos. The way we did this was we structured their training and nutrition around their long days on site, and they got better results than they ever thought possible, easier than they ever thought possible. And then promise, I'm not going to stop there. I'm so confident this works that if you sign up, follow the plan, don't achieve results you're stoked with, I'll send you a full refund plus $500. If you don't know a little bit more about what's involved, DM me. Truth, story, seek, solution. So, you know, hard take for tradies, you're not  because you work long days on, you're not 20 kilos of weight because you work long days on site, you're 20 kilos of weight because you don't know how to balance a proper diet and training around busy, hectic work schedule. Getting pretty  off the top of head. Story could be, you know, this is Craig. He was working 12-hour days out in the mines, and, you know, he tried everything before. Or to try and lose the weight. But he'd get home from work and had  all energy, so all he could do was just crash on the couch. Luckily, Craig came to me. I took care of all the guests, so he didn't have to think about anything. He just had to show up, execute on the plan. And since then, not only has he lost 11 kilos, but he's a completely different man. You know what I mean?
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I get you. Um, yeah. So, see, see, is like, can send me this, bro, as well. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no, don't run out of the . So, um, and even like, you know, maybe for the start of it, man, you might even want to try and write your own scripts. Um, based off that, just cause like, you know, me obviously writing so many scripts has gotten me to the point where I've gotten really good at just being You to sit down and pump it out. And that's a  godsend, man. Because I guarantee you, now, before ChatGPT was a thing, I guarantee you, 99% of coaches just wouldn't even do that. Now, because ChatGPT is a thing, man, I guarantee you, like, 99.9% of coaches won't do that.
arranhumphreys: You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you'll see it as well, man. Like, you'll see, if you watch a fitness coach's ad come up, they all sound the exact  same, because they all run it through ChatGPT, and ChatGPT writes all the exact same.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah. You want to be a bit unique.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, when you say it in your own words, that's why I don't like scripting for my own stuff, is because you just say it in your own words. There's no influence from ChatGPT, and then you kind of get caught on that tangent. It's just, like, exactly how you would say it.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Which makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And, yeah, doing it that way, takes me, like, 10, 15 minutes to film a video, which is pretty good.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: That's why I got it. Yeah. Yeah. Than, like, having to...
arranhumphreys: Script it and then  sit down. I can sit it like an hour.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, comes with time. Cool, man. All right. So, yeah, ideally, whether you go with Clemé, probably take, oh, I'll reach out to Charles after this and try and get something sorted. He's pretty good at hiring, getting someone on board.
arranhumphreys: Get my DM script and everything finalized anyhow, get that all ready to go.
Kyle Musca: So that's ready. Have you started to reword that?
arranhumphreys: Yeah. I've began to.
Kyle Musca: not finished it, but. Okay. I mean, it doesn't really matter, but I did create this to make it a little bit easier. So you might want to use this one instead.
arranhumphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: This just sort of cleans everything up a lot more. So essentially, so key difference. One, it's just cleaner.
arranhumphreys: It breaks it down into the actual framework.
Kyle Musca: It's like first message, goal question, struggle question, et cetera. But I also added unique follow-ups as well to each part. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. About to dive into programming, check and see if you're still around. Otherwise, it should be back in a few hours. Hey, man, just having a quick break between stuff. I'd see if you're to finish up our chat, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But whereas this one is, yeah, not sure if you saw my last message, just want to make sure it didn't get buried. Hey, bro, just wrapped up some work, you know what mean? Coaching interest check, potentially interest in getting a coach and say they don't reply. Hey, bro, I'm about to jump off, see if you're around to finish off a combo before we do. Manual work, right? What time works best for you? They don't reply. Hey, man, just checking if you're able to drop in our model through. That way I can get a flick if you're time options. gets better.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, sick.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, just a little bit more on par. And then it has the pre-call close and  as well.
arranhumphreys: Okay. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, again, just make a copy. Yeah, that's clean.
Kyle Musca: That's cleaner.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah, I'll just make a copy of that.
Kyle Musca: And then I also made that as well, because what we'll do is when you're up and running, whether you go with the Clamé or with this other DM set, it will create a project in here. It has all the files on how to, you know, DM set, like, actually, not only the structure and the frameworks and everything, but how to actually, like, reply, like, a human text. We'll get this as a tonality guide as well for you. So, essentially, I've built one of these before. haven't played around with this massively. But, you know, I had a screenshot of the conversation. Follow us. It's familiar, like the guy gave me  all as a response, so can't expect anything too crazy out of that. But yeah, see, bro, that's a solid target, you definitely do it with where you're at, what do you reckon has been the biggest thing holding you back? So yeah, it kept pretty on par with script because it replied dynamically, but it kept pretty on par with script. The guy didn't get much, so fair enough.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Any questions on that stuff?
arranhumphreys: No, man, that's handy as, so I'll get all that set up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
arranhumphreys: Ready to go?
Kyle Musca: Yep, beautiful. It will just be one thing at a time, man. I will, what I'll do, also the other thing with this is, when you do do these, would you just write them as, and you might even want to do this.
arranhumphreys: Ah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just so like when I, they're on my hook, I can kind of see which one's what. Yeah, okay, yeah. The best thing to do there is just... just... So power through it, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Just aim it or something. You can literally just be add one, add two, add three every time. That way it just helped me build out when I actually create the campaign. But what I'll do anyway is I'll get to work on uploading these and make sure that everything is ready for us to launch. Probably launch Sunday, I reckon.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so that gives me a couple of days to get all this rest of it, get all the flow set up, many chat, DM script, and then I think that should be moved.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's the sort of target we're aiming for as a deadline to get it all sorted, man, Sunday. Either let me know if you haven't got it sorted or let me know if you have any questions before then and we'll cross them off.
arranhumphreys: Sick, man. Sick. The only other question I have for you, bro, just your opinion. Say, like, you get a reel that does, like, half . Like, you know, I had one to post the other day. It only got, like, you know, 1,500 and it's sitting up there. 1,300. Like, is that something you should archive? Do you reckon a  reel brings down the rest of your reach?
Kyle Musca: No, I don't necessarily think so. No.
arranhumphreys: No, don't reckon.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't really touch it. But, you know, Instagram's pretty  temperamental with how it goes about things. So, it's already, like, if it did, it's already done the damage.
arranhumphreys: Like, taking it down won't do anything. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Is there anything else that you want to sort of cover at all on this call?
arranhumphreys: Nah, man. That was, uh, that was pretty good. That's all we needed. I got that call. Booked in with Tommy, too. Oh, fantastic. On Friday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, fantastic. All right, sick. Well, what I'll do, man, is I might even spend the afternoon slash tomorrow getting that campaign built out for you. And I'm just going to schedule it for Sunday. So when Sunday hits, it will activate and should turn on. So, yeah, let me know if, you know, you get caught up on anything and I'm ready for whatever reason.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And I'll also read that to Charles as well right now to try and get someone on for an interview and get a setter in the account.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay. Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, man.
arranhumphreys: Sweet as, bro. Appreciate it, man.
Kyle Musca: Nice, bro. All right, I'll chat to you soon and, yeah, keen as to launch the fucker. Yeah, me too, bro. Right on, man. See you, brother. See you, bro.


>>> 76/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-29T05:41:23Z | id:118043718
People: Kyle Musca

Morgan Eldrett: How's your day been? This meeting is being recorded. It's been good. Nice and busy, which is always good. Just, yeah, normal stuff, which is good, but busier with, like, some DMs, and I've got a few sales calls tonight, later this hour, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. Nice. Okay, Perp, let me get into job form. Did you get a chance to fill out that check-in form?
Morgan Eldrett: Where, I don't think I have it, or where is it? Did you send it to me?
Kyle Musca: I don't I believe I did. Yeah, I sent it yesterday. It's got one tick, so I assume, have you added me back as a contact on WhatsApp?
Morgan Eldrett: How do I see that?
Kyle Musca: So. Well, your name's just a number, so probably Yeah, so if you click on that, and then scroll down, it'll say create new contact, add to contacts, or something. This is because I send that through a broadcast list.
Morgan Eldrett: if, you know, if I'm not a contact, then it doesn't come through. Oh, okay. How do I even do this? I'm retarded. Oh, create new contact. Yep. Okay. There we go.
Kyle Musca: So we'll just run through the bait.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Sorry about that.
Kyle Musca: didn't realize. Very good. I get clients that do it all the time.
Morgan Eldrett: That's fine. I never save anyone's number. I'm like one of those people that just has a million phone numbers in my phone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've kind of gotten the same recently as well. So I don't know how I've done that. But cool. All right. Well, we will, let's, let's go through the basics of everything. So you got the CEO dashboard up to date.
Morgan Eldrett: Yes. Can you see it? No. Do I need this?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you want to send me the link for it?
Morgan Eldrett: And I'll save it. Oh, yeah. Um, oh, that's right. I think I did it right. I'm not 100% sure, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll double, yeah, we'll go through that first. Um, just save it first. Nice. I'll show my screen and we'll go through it. Looks right from quickly eyeing it up. okay, so 22 leads, which is good to $28 per conversation per lead. That's a really, really healthy number. Um, anything in the thirties, I think is a very good performing sort of marketing, um, in terms of costs per lead. Anything in the forties is okay. Fifties is getting a bit higher than sixties above is probably not where I want to see it. So yeah, sitting very healthy there. Um, ad bookings. But is that correct? Because you've made three sales over the last week, haven't you?
Morgan Eldrett: Two.
Kyle Musca: Two? Okay. And it was just two for two?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So I'd say that that number, I mean, it's not a huge amount of numbers and we don't have historical data to go off, but that could definitely be higher. Right now, that's our bottleneck. Bottleneck, it's not, you know, awful. I mean, if the setters are dialed and doing their job properly, it should be around like that 30% to 40%. Industry average is about 10%, 20% I'm happy with, but if the setters are doing a really good job, then 30% to 40% is where you can get it. That is also taking consideration and assuming that the marketing is hitting the right people and with the right message. The cost for booking is 314, 100% close. Which is fantastic. So it means the leads that did get on were really nice and qualified and a good cost per acquisition. What package did you sell for them?
Morgan Eldrett: I sold them the $150 a week, $1,800 for the 12 weeks.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Morgan Eldrett: But they both wanted to pay like payment plan and I didn't do the like pay up front and then pay the rest off. I just put them on like a monthly recurring payment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would, you'll get used to this as you get through the sales process more. Like the main thing is we got the sale, which is perfect. The biggest red flag, I'd be really, really cautious about doing that because I mean, like that's kind of the absolute max I would do as a monthly rate. Just because anything like anything more than that, if they don't have the disposable income to lay, you know, some sort of larger deposit, then. you're at sale. The odds of them wanting to either cancel within like the first week or two dramatically increases, or their payments just failing and then ghosting also dramatically increases. So it's like, one, you reduce that risk, and if someone pays, let's say, 50% up front, so what's that, $1,800, $900 to begin with, then they only need, what, $450 a month after that, so it becomes more easy on cash flow for them. But because they've been invested 50% of the program, if they like walk away from that, or they ghost you or something like that, they're to feel like they've just like lost a bunch of money for no reason.
Morgan Eldrett: So it's like, that itself is a commitment to see the program through. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that makes total sense. I think I just got a bit flustered with like... Yeah, no, it's okay. I just got flustered at that point, to be honest. So saying that, would you ask them, oh, is that in a script? Like, would I say to them, how much can you put down now? Or should I just straight up suggest 50%?
Kyle Musca: many different things How And if If you're So, you have the payment structure sheet? Because, to be honest, you can keep it at $1,800, but if you're going to sell that, then you might as well bump it up to $2,000. And the payment structure sheet will be this. So, I'll send this to you just so you have it on hand.
Morgan Eldrett: Actually, I think you have sent that before, but I just don't know why I didn't.
Kyle Musca: So, the way I like to do this is, like, cool. You know, so, yeah, for three months, it's just $2,000. I don't know, you know, whatever else you say. Oh, yeah, I mean, that's a bit expensive. Don't, it's really important. There's a few key things here that are really, really important. So, one is never, ever offer the upfront price and then a payment plan together. So, don't say, you know, it's $2,000 or we could do, you know, $1,200 or we could break down the payment plan. Let's just go with that. They're always, always going to take the payment plan. Like, you'll never get someone like, no, it's just, I mean, you might, but very rare. Really, we get someone who's like, no, I'll just cover it all in one go. And again, you want to use that leeway to work with a solution to them. So it's like, okay, cool. It's 2K for three months. Oh, it's a bit expensive. Okay, cool. And, you know, completely understand finance is everything. Objection handles the program, something you want to do. Fantastic. Cool. Look, what I can do is I do work with a sort of a billing company, kind of works like Afterpay. so again, bring in the idea of a billing company because the billing company is the bad guy. You're just there to try and help them moving forward, right? Kind of works like Afterpay, you know, and if we brought them on, it would help with, you know, we could break it down into smaller, you know, more digestible repayments. Would that be a bit more reasonable? Yeah, yeah, definitely. Okay, cool. So, and don't show this, don't share the screen, but like basically what I would do without them seeing is like, cool, okay, well, they've got their own sort of breakdown. So, let me just pull it up. Okay. And I'll just act like I'm looking at it because you want to look at. Could it make it seem a bit more official? Okay. Okay, cool. Yeah. So sweet. If we were to run with the gold package for three months, instead of $2,000, we could bring that right down to just $1,200, and then we wouldn't officially start until next week. So you essentially get this whole week free, and then the first repayment wouldn't be for like five weeks from now, so ages away. And that would just be $400 a month for two months. So way easier on cash flow. Would that be a bit more? You know, reasonable to get started? Yes, no. Another really important thing there is you have to make the ask again. You can't just say we could break it down to $1,200 and then do $400 a month. And then just end it there. Because then I can be like, yeah, sure, here's my credit card, right? You have to be like, would that be a bit more reasonable for you? Would that, you know, would that be a better option to get started? You have to actually re-ask.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then it's like, okay, that's too expensive. Again, you can't just drop into... So the next thing you come with, oh, well, we could do 1,000. You're like, okay, you got to go back into an objection handle and then, you know, go to, okay, well, okay, cool. And then instead of 400, we could do 500 a month. And that would bring it down to just a K flat. So just, you know, it saves you $200 to get started. That'd be better. Yeah, cool. Yes, no. Yeah. Yeah. So really important, just like rule of thumb. Um, never, one, never offer a paid in full plan and a payment plan at the same time, right? Yeah. And then whenever you're offering a payment plan or you're offering a reduction in, you know, what they're covering or anytime you're changing price or package or whatever you're doing, you always have to objection cycle first. You can't just drop it because people start to question, like, why didn't you offer that before then?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, and like it has to, you have to kind of, you know, again, keep working. Working towards, work towards a solution, provide a solution, work towards a solution, provide a solution, work towards a solution, provide a solution.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. And so if you say like, okay, it's 2000, they're like, oh, cool. Like I'm keen, but can we split it up? Would you, you would just, could I just be like, oh yeah, that's fine. Or are you still going to try and get them to take the whole thing up front, even if they sound like they want it?
Kyle Musca: It depends on the context. I would, I always like to do a very light sprinkling of quick objection handling there. So it's like, cool. So it's, so it's 2K for three months. You know, which one of those options jump out to you? I think the gold would, but can we, is like their option to break it down? But yeah, I mean, there's like, you know, we could potentially look at something like that. And I just want to sort of confirm with you, like price aside, is the program something you actually want to do? Okay, cool. Yeah. X, Y, Z. Okay. Sweet. Okay. So it's, you know, program something you want to do. And it's just sort of that. Yeah. So ideally trying to break it down a little bit more just to make it a little bit easier on the, you know, bank balance, right? Yep, cool. Okay, yeah, no, I can bring on a billing company and we could just do $1,200 and then $400 a month after that.
Morgan Eldrett: Would that be a bit more reason? Yep, cool. Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because again, like when they ask to break it down, it could be like a legitimate reason or it could be like a way to try and weasel out if that makes sense, you know what mean? Without kind of directly saying it. So you just, I'd just like to quickly objection handle to again, so the first objection handle is a reframe. So it basically gets the thought off the price and onto the value of the program, right? Because if they're thinking about price, they're not thinking about the value. So it's like, let's get them back onto the value of the program and then offer a breakdown.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. And it does make sense because if they say, well, can I break it down? And then you say, yeah, they are going to be like, oh, why didn't you just tell me that in the first place? So that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then, yeah, I'll keep it nice and simple for now. Again, it's reps. You'll get it, feel it out and everything like that, and, you know, you'll get better the more you do it, essentially. Then you'll get more comfortable doing it. How many calls do you have booked? So you've had two calls booked so far.
Morgan Eldrett: How many calls do you have booked for the rest of the week? I have three, the Sabo, and that's it for the rest of the week.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Nice. So we're starting to find a winner with your graphics, and I'll get those video ads up for you. They should also help. Have you been checking the quality of the conversations?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, because I've been doing, like, I've been going in, and whenever I see one, like, unreplied to, I'm going in and sending a message. So they're looking pretty good. I think they're just... Um, uh, I think they're fine, actually. The, um, Clemway put me in a group chat with the lady that's doing mine. Um, so I've gone back and forth with her a little bit more, which has been good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay.
Morgan Eldrett: Fantastic. Um, but yeah, she's been talking, like speaking well, a few like they must, I don't know if it's, how do they see the messages? Like, um, are they in my account? Or are they going through like something like this?
Kyle Musca: They go through this assumption.
Morgan Eldrett: Okay. Yeah. Cause I feel like sometimes there's ones missed, but it might be, I don't know if it's just getting missed through, like, if it's, I don't know how, but.
Kyle Musca: They should see all the messages exactly how they are in Instagram. So if something's missed, then I would definitely just screenshot and say, can we get back to this person, please? Um, so. Like, for example, this, like, she has replied back, um, working full-time.
Morgan Eldrett: So we might even say that. Yeah, it's like a couple, like, missed, yeah, there's just a few, which, um, I actually missed that one as well, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you'd have to, oh, it's okay, it's because I don't actually have the permissions to reply back. So, no, it's fine, I'm, I don't need that, it's That's right, I was like, what does that mean? Um.
Morgan Eldrett: So, yeah, that's like, that's why I'm booked in, um.
Kyle Musca: So with this, I would get them in the habit of continuing to follow up, um, all the way through to the end, because it's going to the post-booking flow now, uh, which means that, like, that whole post-booking flow flow is designed to reinforce the shock rate. So it's Like, if you get someone like this who books in a call, it's like, you know, you've sent the, you should have got a confirmation, but they've never got it back to you. It's not the best sign that they're going to show up. So it's like, I'll try and go and be like, hey, hey, y just double-checking, did that email come through or something like that?
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: I don't know if I can mark this as a thread.
Morgan Eldrett: I care. I'm just looking at that one on my end. Um, so like, there's more on, like, I can see more than you can see.
Kyle Musca: Is that true? Uh, in terms of, like, terms of, like, Like, I've got heaps more on my Insta that I can see now. Oh, this is because I filtered just by the people that were actually qualified.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, okay, okay.
Kyle Musca: Uh, and then also, um, qualified more than two days ago. So all these conversations started, you know, towards the start of the week, essentially Sunday.
Morgan Eldrett: Right. So wait, what...
Kyle Musca: What you mean by qualified? So they finished that flow, older than 21 and working full-time. So once they get to this point, they get tagged with qualified.
Morgan Eldrett: Right. So wait a second. So if I've got someone here who's like gone through confident, fat loss, nutrition, she's older than 21, she's working full-time, and it's in my chat, but I can't see her name. Would that be right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's because I've done the subscribe before 27th of June.
Morgan Eldrett: okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Gotcha.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So she would have messaged you recently. I just didn't want to mess with like recent conversations.
Morgan Eldrett: No, that's fine. That's fine. I'm just making sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: But they're there. Okay. So I'll message. I'm just writing what I need to do. Um, so we just need the DM setters to follow up. Um. If they've booked in a call but haven't replied.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, ideally, yeah, they want to finish the post-booking flow. Quite stressful. So 26th of Jan, so it's been three days since then. See, so that was on Tuesday. What was that, Monday? 26th would have been Monday. Wednesday, 27th would have been Tuesday, yeah, 26th. 26th, Monday, so. And that was sent at 3.13. So I'd say what's killed, not necessarily killed this conversation, she might come back, was just the speed, the response from whoever got back to her. Because it's like, that was at 3 p.m. Monday, and then it's like, didn't get back to her at 5.30, which is still early on Tuesday, on the next day.
Morgan Eldrett: But I do have Clamé, like I have them working, so. it's still early Tuesday, on Yeah, that's, wait, what day was that?
Kyle Musca: Monday, so that was on the 26th at 3pm. Yeah, so that's like peak time of when the setter should have been in there.
Morgan Eldrett: And they are supposed to be, and she, because she's like sending me when she's in and out of the, like, working each day, and she's like saying that she was in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would just screenshot that, because this is like a good conversation. She's giving a lot of information, which means that, you it's a really good sign. Where are you based on your work? Where are you jobs to, I know, you're moving around mostly soon. So, I mean, to be fair, like it has, you know, sometimes she needs a little bit of a bump. So, even so, though, like there should have been like three or four follow-ups done. You know, since then, essentially, like this was yesterday, there should be. And another one, there should be probably another two by now, to be honest.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Okay. Well, that's fine. I'll just go through and make sure that they're definitely getting everything done. But I've been checking, like majority of the time I'm going through and trying to check and make sure that it's all been done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, there's nothing too, I guess, unacceptable here. They're replying decently, dynamically, which is good.
Morgan Eldrett: Like, that's the main thing.
Kyle Musca: Yep. look, Dan, perfect. And then they should have definitely continued the post-booking flow here. They've ended it. 28, 29. So that's yesterday. So yeah, they need to finish the post-booking flow. But you will find that your show-up rate will tank pretty hard if they don't do that properly.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Okay. I did notice as well on, like, somebody who said, I don't know, they sort of, like, disqualified themselves, said they've already got a coach or something, and then she just read it and didn't reply, and I was like, oh my god, like, you can't just then ignore her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, like, depends on how you want the setters to go about it, but, like, if they've already got a coach, then it's like, well, that just tells me they're already willing to invest into a coach. So it's like, you know, if they're not seeing results or something like that, there's kind of potentially merit. Depends as well. Like, they've messaged you through an ad, like, and it wasn't an accident. They're obviously keen to, you know, they're obviously not super happy with the person they're working with, otherwise they wouldn't be looking for other options.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, no, that makes sense. But yeah, I think DMs I can just keep an eye on, but otherwise I'm pretty happy, like, it's getting better, even just throughout the week has gotten better. So I'll just keep having a look through and making sure that I send them, like, feedback.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so I was, yeah, so nice personal responses, which is good. The structure I use is design takeaway, I guess. Yeah, yeah, cool. I mean, yeah, it doesn't seem to be anything out of the ordinary. We'll see how they go over the next, like, week or so, just to try and see how this, like, maps out a bit more. Ideally, the only metric I'd like to see improve is that, but, you know, that could just be because the conversations haven't, you know, had enough time to really see them through type thing. So we'll just keep an eye on that, but yeah, nothing.
Morgan Eldrett: I think this week should be better as well, just having that lady, like the new lady in there, a bit more consistently.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, one thing I've noticed with Clemé recently, pretty much across the board, is she must have been having hiring issues with her setters, and the personalisation and sort of dynamicness dropped heaps. So yeah, definitely keep a close eye on it, because if they're just following the script and they're not actually like, you know, taking into consideration what the person's just said, you'll decide, like, the booking-to-lead ratio will be, like, terrible, and screws everything up. Cool. Any questions on any of that stuff at all?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I think that's pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, sweet. Is there anything specifically that you're struggling with, or, like, want more insight on?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I think this week's pretty crazy, because I think I'm just getting in a flow of it now, like, obviously, with the DMs are picking up a bit more. Um, had a couple calls, have a couple more... I feel pretty confident with the script. Like I feel like the last two calls I really just followed it pretty much just like went through really well. I think obviously it was pretty good. I got like I didn't get flustered talking about the price which was good but then as soon as they said can we break it down then I sort of just was like oh yep like I just sort of lost it but I'll keep that payment structure. I'll have a revised through that. I don't think there's any other questions. You've got the ads, the video ads and did I need to do anything else with those or that was all good?
Kyle Musca: Nah, they're all good. So we'll see how they go. This is a little bit of an older document but it's still good to give some sort of structure instead of just trying to like completely go off the top of your head. So we'll quickly read it together just to make sure. So the main ones... Forgitter's value, you know, it's expensive or whatever. Authority, I have to talk to my partner or I need to think about it. Good thing to keep in mind with these two objections is that they're both smoke screens. Like, they aren't a real objection because it's like, what do you need to think about exactly? And what do you need to speak to your partner about exactly? Usually that comes down to value. So we go into value. And this is just, like, basic different, like, sort of objection handled cycles that you can do. So I always prefer straight off the bat with the price, like, you know, if they have any price objection, let's say. Basically, I'll be like, yeah, okay, cool. And price aside, you know, is the program something that, you know, you actually do want to do? Yeah. Okay, cool. And, like, just so I'm on the same page, you know, with a scale of... One to 10, know, 10 being is the program is like perfect. It's exactly what you were looking for. couldn't add anything better to it if I tried. And one is I'm just a complete dickhead. I've completely missed the mark of what you were looking for. Haha, keep it light. Where are we sort of sitting on that spectrum? They'll usually say 789. Okay, cool. Well, you know, seven's pretty high, I guess. Like, why isn't it lower? You know what mean? Really important to ask why isn't it lower? Because then what they'll do is they'll start telling you and then therefore themselves why the program is so great. I ours has got all the structure and like you seem really hands-on, the accountability is fantastic, et cetera, et cetera. So again, we're reframing back to the value of the program and away from the price, right? Okay, cool. And, you know, it sounds like, okay, so, and you could ask, you know, what else do we need to do to make it a 10? Yeah, we can add that in, whatever. Okay, cool. So, I mean, it sounds like the program is, it's that you, you know, you want to do and it's a good. Fit for what you're looking for. And it's just a matter of like, you know, making it sure it fits within the finances if I'm hearing you correctly. Yeah. Okay. Well, that makes sense. At the end of the day, like, appreciate being honest with me. You know, I wouldn't want to put you out here back on the street for money just because you want to prioritize your health, right? Look, what we could do is work with a billing company, break it down, et cetera, et cetera. Would that be a little bit more reasonable? Then you do the first breakdown option, right? Oh, it's still a bit expensive. And then you'd go into this. Yeah, I get you. And like, I won't lie, you know, my program isn't the cheapest option. And that's actually how I'm able to provide so much value for the girls that come through and get the best results possible. And I guess the fact that it's not just a bit of spare pocket change is actually a good thing because it means that you're going to take it seriously, right? And, you know, like I didn't intend for this, but the investment itself does become an accountability factor that pushes you to show up and give it your all, right? So let me ask you this. If, if all the program did was help you lose that 10 key. And help you feel more, you know, confident wearing your favorite bikini and really enjoying the beach to the fullest. I guess like, you know, would it be worth it? Yeah. Oh, okay. So it sounds like it may be a little bit more about like doubt on whether or not it will actually work, right? See what they say? Yeah. And that's exactly why I offer that, you know, money-back guarantee because I've designed this to ensure that you get the results you're after. And one thing I'd like, you know, recommend keeping in mind is that a lot of people do struggle with, you know, their weight for years and sometimes even their whole lives. And they ended up spending tons of time trying to figure it out and often, you know, tens of thousands of dollars in the long run. So, yeah, while the program itself might only last, you 12 weeks, not only will I help you achieve that body that you're wanting, but I'm going to teach you everything that you need. So, one, you never struggle with again. You never have to spend more money on another coach or some  trend or fad diet. And, you know, it's a one-time investment essentially for a lifetime of results. Does that make sense? Cool. Okay. So where... You know, how did you want to proceed from here?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, that makes, it makes a lot of sense.
Kyle Musca: And then, sorry, just before I hop there, maybe they have another objection and then you just go straight back into the next one. Yeah, I get you.
Morgan Eldrett: That's where I'm thinking. Yeah. Yeah. That makes, yeah, that actually works. Can you scroll up for a second? Just up a little bit. What did I just have a question about? Oh, the money back guarantee. So then that's when you would sort of say that and just be like, like, you're trying to sort of say to them, I guess I've just answered my own question. That's fine. You're reframing it. So then if they say, okay, yes, it would be worth it if I lost that much money, that much weight of, then they're kind of convincing themselves to do it. And then the money back guarantee. I don't really think I've set that up, but I can.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the money, money back guarantee. I'm not sure if you have my script or Tommy's script.
Morgan Eldrett: I think I'm going off Tommy's, but I'd probably have this.
Kyle Musca: So I changed mine to like be word for word of literally how I close. So it's like I'll say the package and then depending on what package I'm actually trying to sell, let's just say it's the gold in this case. I'll say everything involved. And after that, obviously I back everything I do. So if you sign up, follow the plan and don't achieve results, you're absolutely stoked with not only will give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 cash just for wasting your time.
Morgan Eldrett: Are you saying that as part of the whole thing or is that like an objection thing?
Kyle Musca: No, I say that as part of the whole thing. So I'll say the package I want to sell them on and then straight into the guarantee. And then from there I'll say, okay, awesome. And I guess out of those options, which one sort of stood out to you the most? Okay. And it's important to say which one, not did one. Did one is... Yes, no. Which one is an A, B, right? Pick one. Obviously, if you offer two, right? To be fair, you should always offer two because one should be your really high price anchor.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. So how I sort of did the last calls was, I think we're talking about this on the last call, having like a top really expensive and then just having the bottom one. So how I kind of said it was like, um, like there's this, there's this one, which is like the really inclusive. It's kind of like for all my comp prep girls. It's probably not the one that you need. Cause it's like also got posing, whatever. Um, that one's $3,600. Um, but there's the core package, which is the one that I think is going to be perfect for you. Um, and that one is 1.8 K and that's, I kind of just went, I then stopped.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: So it would be like fine with it, but would I then, should I then say which one or yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, So I'd be like, that's 3.6K. To be honest, you could increase that even more if you wanted to. Like you want there to be a shock factor with it. So maybe like 5K or something like that. But again, that's minor detail for now. So it's 3.6K. But to be honest, like I think it's going to be a bit overkill for what you need. I do have my gold package, whatever you call it, which I think is going to be perfect for you because it's basically like everything we've spoken about today. And it does come out to be considerably more affordable. So instead of 3,600, it would just be 1.8K for the entire 12 weeks. There's no additional fees or charges or anything like that on top. And obviously, you know, I back everything I do. So if you were to join today, follow a game plan and not achieve a result, you're absolutely stoked with it. Not only give you a full refund, I'll give you five dollars cash your way. So yeah, I guess with all that being said, like which one kind of jumped out to you there?
Morgan Eldrett: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so and again, like it's simple, but like a lot of a lot. What a lot of people forget to do it is just making sure to actually ask, you know what mean, like just for wasting your time. And then people might even go like quiet after that, expecting to like, yeah, cool, let's run that. So it's like you have to ask directly which one stood out to you. Do you want to proceed? How do you want to proceed? Do you want to get the ball rolling? You know what mean? Like you have to get a direct response. Otherwise, they're just not going to be like, yeah, cool, here's my credit card.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. Now I'm trying to think if I haven't said anything. I must have said something, but yeah, which one or how do you want to proceed? Yeah. Just ask the question. I'm just writing that down. Yeah. Cool. I think that's pretty much everything I had. Yeah. Okay. So do you think that the top package by that point, I haven't explained what is really involved? Have I?
Kyle Musca: Um, so.
Morgan Eldrett: Well, not really.
Kyle Musca: So for you as well, by the way, I would, because do you have anything under the $1,800 package?
Morgan Eldrett: I used to, but I was going to cut it because I was going to have just like $100 a week package, which was just like, I don't know, I had that one before, but I don't think so.
Kyle Musca: Maybe a fortnightly option, fortnightly checking option. So what is, what's the current core fulfillment side of things?
Morgan Eldrett: Are calling him or is it like a loon check-in? Well, that's what we were, I was asking you last week and I still kind of have just gone back and forth with, because Cal does like an optional phone call if they want it every week, because majority of time people aren't going to take it. And that's what I was thinking of offering like weekly check-in with the option of doing a like phone call.
Kyle Musca: And then maybe a cheaper one could be just like a monthly phone call. Yeah. I mean, yeah. So yeah, you could, you could definitely run that. Cause I didn't know that people won't really know the difference to be honest. But yeah, so essentially the way I'd sell it is like one, I would, I would increase your rates to 2k. It's just a nice round number. Again, I would always say it is 2k unless you're trying to anchor them to something, anchor that high and then drop it. Um, but yeah, I would have a downsell option and like mine's, for example, is 1500, right? Um, because essentially what you'll do there is let's say it's too expensive. You can't get them across the line. You've objection handled, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Um, what I'll do is I'll send you this script as well. So you can actually like look, cause again, it's word for word, how I do the clothes. Um, but adding scarcity here is really, really important. Right. So to answer your question before, yes, I'll say for the package I'm trying to sell, I will include what's involved. So for example, you know, this is 3.6K, you know, it's for girls who want to, you know, jump on stage, a full comp, have all the posing, everything like that included. Super comprehensive, you know, it comes out to be about $3,600. But to be honest, like, I just don't think that's going to suit you very much. I think it's going to be a bit overkill. So we might as well move on to that. That'll bring us to the gold package, right? So this is, I think this is coming into the title show of what will suit you a lot better, simply because it's pretty much everything we've spoken about today. And with that, you you get all the custom programming and custom nutrition built by nutritionists, of course. So essentially, you would do this. You have full customized programming built around your lifestyle and goals. Nutritional guidance and comprehensive meal plans tailored to you by our nutritionists, or however you say it. 24-7 text and call support. If you have any questions, want any clarifications, need help, whatever it is, you can. You reach out at any time. It's easier. can text. Otherwise, more than happy to jump on a call with you anytime you need. So dive into things deeper. We'd also be doing a weekly check-in call. is where we yadda, yadda, yadda. And then you wouldn't have these type of things. Right. And for that, there's two spots left available. Right. With the top package, there's only one spot left available. Right. I think I saw it here. There's one spot left for that. And there's two spots left for the gold. Right. Which one of those sort of jumped out to you? They're both too expensive. You objection handled. Couldn't get them to crossfire. Cool. Look, to be honest, I probably shouldn't do this, but it seems that you are quite serious about making a change. And I'd love to help you. I do have a silver package. It's, it's, it's technically full at the moment, but, um, yeah, again, objection, uh, I do have a silver package. It's technically full, but I think. Someone finishing mid-to-end next week, I think, at the top mid, so I could slot you in there to take that spot. So there's no official spots open here, so they have to take it now. So we're adding scarcity. Now, it's still very comprehensive. It comes with custom programming, nutrition, main differences. It would just be 24-7 text communication, and the weekly check-ins would just be done via Loom video, right? If we went with that option, I'd bring it from $2,000 right down to just $1,500, so you'd be saving $500 off that. Would that be a bit more realistic for you? Yeah. Yeah, it would. I'd just have to think about it. Look, yeah, that's no stress at all, just to be fully transparent. Again, as I mentioned, there's no spots available for it at the moment. So what usually, and to be honest, it's very rare that there are. What usually ends up happening is I'll jump on a call like this, and there will be a spot coming up, and someone just sort of takes it beforehand. So, look, happy for to think about it, but to be honest, this package,
Morgan Eldrett: just won't be available. Like, I've got three more calls today. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, that sounds good.
Kyle Musca: And then people are like, oh, yeah,  it.
Morgan Eldrett: Let's just do it. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. I think the main thing for me is just going to be confidence in saying it and just having the same conviction. Because, obviously, when you say it, very, like, convincing. I'm always like, oh, yeah, I'll buy your program. Yeah, yeah. Like, Cal, I'm like, I get off these  calls with you.
Kyle Musca: And I'm like, have I just been sold to your coaching program? Yeah. Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: But, yeah, just in conviction, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, you just say it real calmly. You know, calm, confidently. Because if you say it, you know, antsy, like, it will raise flags in there. The other thing I wanted to quickly chat to you about, because I was chatting to, oh, know you've got Instagram first. How about it is, just getting into. Yeah. the habit of because I saw your content was popping off the other day. Yeah, the peptides talk. Yeah, something like what Lydia does, I think, would go really hard for, like, similar style to you, if that makes sense. You're friends with Lydia, aren't you?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, or Yassir's stuff, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, she kills it organically, just because she's got her niche down, you know what I mean? But one thing I would really, sort of, look at doing is, so for Kyle, for example, when he's doing these. What are you doing? doing? Like these types of videos, like even the, you know, voiceover stuff, is having a version where there's a call to action. For this type of stuff, I would get used to doing it for a lead magnet. So, for example, what we're speaking to him is he's building out an e-book where it's like a weekly training split. And again, with a resource, if you're going to create one, I'll try and use it so it's like as flexible as possible. You can kind of plug it anywhere you want. So like a weekly training split, for example, is fantastic. Because then he can be like, at the end, whether he does it for organic content or not, doesn't really matter. But he has a version. He hopefully has a version where it's like a call to action where we could just run it straight as an ad. So it's like, if want my full training split, deem me the word split. And then we can start, you know, potentially even going down a lead magnet funnel, which if done right, works well. I do want to get your direct response stuff down. But if we can start sort of planting seeds to have that prepped and ready, it allows.
Morgan Eldrett: Just to easily step into it. Yeah, that's cool. Yeah, Kyle was explaining to me the other day about adding a few CTAs to the performing reel. So we'll keep doing that. And then, yeah, I think for mine, once I sort of find a bit of a groove, but I think I put on that peptide one in the caption. Hopefully. Yeah, it did. So that's, like, I think maybe one person commented or whatever, or maybe they messaged it to me or whatever. But, yeah, I'll just try and keep doing that as well.
Kyle Musca: What I would do for organics as well is I found that with organics, application forms seem to work a lot better than DMs.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Just because I think the idea behind it is, like, they're a hot lead. They know they have a problem and they know who you are, which counts as a hot lead. Whereas... It's like warm lead would be like, they know they have a problem. They know where to find the solution, which would be a coach, but they don't necessarily have yet associated that with you. Whereas a cold lead would be like, they might know they have a problem, but they don't know where to find the solution. Or maybe they don't even realize they have a problem yet, right? So your organic following essentially is going to be hot leads. So they don't need to conversate with you and stuff like in a DM nurture from like ads, for example, where they need to learn a little bit more about you. They've already built that trust. So it's like they will go and just apply straight away. And then if you can just like call them and then you self-set them on your own call. And again, just cool. So you applied for coaching, you're still keen on that. Yep, sweet. Quickly qualifying, same stuff as you do in the DMs. You know, what's your goal? What are you sort of struggling with most of the moment? Okay, oh, what do you do for work, by the way? Like, do you find it highly stressful, active? Yeah. Yeah, cool, where do you Yeah, all that . Fantastic. Okay, well, I couldn't do it right now. Um, but, you know, did you want to jump on a call maybe this afternoon or tomorrow, whenever time suits you? Um, and yeah, we can dive into things a little bit deeper. Sound good? Yep. Cool. And then you would just book them in.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, perfect. That's actually a great idea to call them. I didn't even think about that. Um, I have a call now. Um, do you mind if we just cut short? Um, I will just message you if I have any other questions though, if anything pops up over the rest of the day. Um, but that's all pretty helpful, but, um, I'm keen to see what happens with the video ads now.
Kyle Musca: Yep, definitely. Okay.
Morgan Eldrett: I'll let you get to that. Um, good luck with it. Thank you very much. I'll talk to you later. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 77/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-30T04:59:44Z | id:118403714
People: Kyle Musca

michael: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro. How you going?
michael: Yo. Yeah. Good, bro.
Kyle Musca: You? Good, dude. How's your day been?
michael: Yeah, not too bad. I just trained in the morning and got all that out of the way.
Kyle Musca: Nice, man. Nice. Cool. So, man. So, we will... Rip right into things, bro. How has this week been going overall for you?
michael: Yeah, good. Like I'd say probably the back end of this week was a lot better than the start. Start was a bit  all over the shop, but we're back. We're back.
Kyle Musca: Nice. Why do you feel like the start was a bit over the shop?
michael: I think like last week after our chat, I had some things on and then the next day on the Friday, I was like working during the day as well to cover a shift. Like not that it's like an excuse or anything, but I just feel like it kind of broke up the time in between when we spoke versus like when I did anything. And that kind of like  the start of my week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, gotcha. Yeah. I think honestly, one of the best things I'd recommend doing, man, is just having like really specific tasks that you just do every single week on that day, on that time. So for me, like, I know every Monday is I need to film organic content. It's like the first thing I do. Again, it comes down to what it is, but if it's a creative task, like I don't even try and respond to messages or anything beforehand, it's like the first thing I do, no distractions, I need to get it done. It's the most important task of the day. Tuesday, same concept, but it's with, like, ads and stuff, right? You know, Wednesday is usually my client day, majority of it, and then so on and so on. So what I would, like, really get into the habit of, and depending on how much structure you need, whether it's just a mental thing or you actually, like, write it down, but I would assess what is the key tasks that you need to get done that day on a weekly basis, and then that's the most important thing.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. Does that help?
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because otherwise, like, you're going to have a lot of fires in your business, man. One thing I see, it's really, really... Common is like, you know, there's people can tend to make themselves busy when there's not really like they can make themselves busy without doing anything. Right. So it's like, I'm not saying you do this or anything like that. But like, you know, something I see a lot is like, you know, they'll spend all day like getting back to, you know, messages and emails and, you know, doing all that . But it's like, fantastic. But nothing you actually did move the business for. You know what mean? Like, you know what mean? So even there, like, obviously, having response times and everything like that is crucial. Don't get me wrong. Like, especially while you've got more time on your hands, keeping that relationship with clients is really, really important. But like, for me, for example, I'll probably only check my messages like three times a day, like once in the morning, once at midday, once before I wrap up. It's not like I'm messaging people back and forth all day because you just get way too distracted and you just don't end up getting nothing done.
michael: Yeah. Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: So cool. then, yeah, again, this is it. And this is a perfect. Personal preference thing. it really comes down to you. I know that I need to do my content at the start, first time of the week because like I'm usually pretty flogged by the end of the week and I'm not in a super creative mood to jump on camera and like talk a bunch of . So also just feeling that out, balancing, you know, when it makes sense to do certain things.
michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. So is there, we'll go on to your checkup before. Is there anything specific that you wanted to cover in this call?
michael: Um, I like wrote most of it in that form actually. Um, but one thing that I sort of realized a couple of days ago, like I was just scrolling through like my own page and having a look at like the insights of all my own videos for the most part, like the stuff that isn't like a transformation or like a trend kind of video. I lose like 50% of my retention rate in the first, like four seconds in like every single one of them. Um, and I don't know like what the numbers are. Like, I'm not too sure. It's like, what is. Considered normal, but like I feel like that probably isn't a very good thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I'd say like I'd say most people probably have the same issue, but that doesn't make it like a normal. It's a normal issue to have. It's not an acceptable issue to have. Yeah. So what that tells us, bro, is your hooks just need to be stronger.
michael: Yeah. Because it's like it's not even like a case of like one style of video or like one style of reel compared to like a different style. It's like every single one of them, like first part, unless it's like, obviously, unless it's like a reaction video where it's like the, the start of the video, I'm not even in it.
Kyle Musca: And it's just like the other guy's video. Like I don't even put myself in it. Yeah. So again, that's why the reactions are kind of good. You leverage the watch time there a bit more. I would just so one thing I would really and I can already say this is probably going to be a task over the next week is to really analyze. And obviously won the hook, similar to what we kind of spoke about last week. But like also analyze, like the attention to detail when analyzing content, I would almost say you can't even overanalyze it. Like look at, you know, how people are positioned, what kind of lighting are they in? How do they actually look? You know what mean? Like I was chatting to, you know, my missus about this the other day and she does like a lot of videos where her hair's kind of down and everything like that. And she's got like a fringe and stuff. And it's like, I was looking at, you know, women that have large sort of followings, right? And they're sort of known in the space. A lot of them have their hair like tied up and they have like, you know, they just look a little bit more authoritative, if that makes sense.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, even from that sort of angle, like, you know, that's not something you'd really consciously pick up until you actually sit down and think about it.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So one thing I would really do is like, just get. Get into the habit of stopping a consumer as much of content and start being a producer that watches content to break it down. Like when I watch videos, it's very rare. mean, depending on what I'm doing, but it's very rare that I'll just be like doom scrolling for the sake of doom scrolling. Like I'll just naturally, especially if it's like fitness content or like business content or whatever it is now, I just find myself naturally like breaking down different components of it because I'm actively looking for that stuff.
michael: Yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean like, and this is why I'm so big on like going and sourcing your own, you know, inspiration of creators because it's like, why would you just sit there and try and figure out all these different things and, you know, try and do all these different variables when one, these creators have either found something that works or, and this goes for everything. So it's like the same as funnel wheeling, it's the same as website design, all that , when you can go to, you know, large companies of super successful people who have really understood the process front to back. Why would you try and do anything different? Like, they've already tested that and it didn't work. Otherwise, they'd be doing it. That makes sense. So it's like really, really analyze what they're doing from almost a microscopic level, if that makes sense.
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that's kind of like, you know, even when, and we kind of covered a decent amount of this last week, but even, you know, when you send the voiceover stuff through, and then I was like saying, you know, try and get more cuts in there. It's because like, if I instantly go watch a voiceover of someone who has done a really good voiceover, first thing I notice is there's like quite a lot of cuts in that first four seconds. You know what I mean?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you've also, yeah, yeah, cool. So we'll go through a check informant. We'll break all that down. Is there anything that you wanted to expand on from that?
michael: Not necessarily. I think it was kind of, that was like one of the bigger things that I kind of realized this week. Amen. Obviously, like a couple of things I spoke to you about during the week, like the guy on the , on the call, bro. And then also that like the, any video that's like a trendy, like transformation physique kind of thing always seems to do pretty well. I think the one that I did recently has done quite decent. And I think it's because like my, like my text on screen in the beginning, I like kind of was guaranteeing you like a, like a payoff if you watched, if you watched past. Because obviously like the first part is always like what you look like before.
Kyle Musca: This one?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think these trending sound ones, like simple ones like this are great for you. Like, again, got to just look at, sometimes you just got to look at like, you know, what, what, essentially what, what, content's doing well? You know, what, what content is your algorithm favoring, pushing, right? And, you know, again, we've been over this, but don't try and be hit up against the wall trying to, you know, get something to work that's just not working.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So, yeah, something, and these are great because it shows off your, one, shows off your current physique, but it shows off the transformation between where you started to where you're at now, which will, so I was just reading that, which will, you know, your physique will sell itself, for example, from there.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I did some comments on this as well. Yeah, like that, again, with the training sounds, they just have to be really, really relevant. Like, if you create it and you let it sit in your, you know, reels draft thing for, like, a week and then post it, the trend's probably gone. Yeah. So, it's like, they need to be, like, really quick. Same thing with your reaction. And stuff as well. Like, that's something I'm kind of bad with is I'll create it and then I won't post it for like a month. And then by that time, like, everyone's already seen it. Like, it works. Those both work because they're really relevant and they're and they're trendy.
michael: You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This is the blue screen. Never understand when people say growing their legs is hard. You can literally do a leg extension and a squat for quads, a hamstring curl and a hinge for hamstrings, a hip thrust, adductions, and calf raises. Do two to three sets per exercise and perform them in order of what you want to prioritize most. This hits every muscle in your legs. So what I'll do there is when you're going to do something like that, I'll put it in the caption because you want the people to save it. And then again, That any unnecessary . You know, a little CTA you can put in there is like, I'm going to drop the full workout in the caption below so you can save and come back to it later.
michael: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You're welcome. You know what mean? mean, again, this is another thing is like always try and get into the, the. Idea of, like, how can you, I guess, do a sneaky ask to get more engagement on your, like, you don't want to be directly asking people to, like, do , because then they're probably not going to do it. Like, like, for example, like, let's just, let's just keep it really simple and say, like, if you're going to do a coaching CTA or something, or try and plug your coaching. If you spend, like, you know, 10 seconds being, like, by the way, I do it at the very end of my video, or actually, I don't even do it for  organics, I only do it for ads. But, like, if you, let's say, you know, you're midway through the video, and you're, like, , you know, if you need a hand with this, you want to work with a coach one-on-one, you know, you can go apply for coaching or something like that, I'll help you. And then you continue kind of, like, explaining what your coaching is, they'll move on. But it's, like, you were just quickly going through it, and then you're, like, you know, if you need a hand with this, go apply for coaching, something like that. Or here's a client that came to me or something, just mentioning. Coaching to the smallest degree, if that makes sense. It's just a quick little plug that will spark the idea in their head if they are interested in it, if that makes sense.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Without sort of culling watch time. So that's applicable to everything. So it's like, don't be like, I'm going to put the entire workout in the caption below. I mean, again, you want to keep it pretty simple. So what I would say is I'm going to put the entire workout in the caption below so you can save and come back to it later. That's the max I would say.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't be like, this workout is  awesome to build hypertrophy. If you stick to this for the next like three months, your legs will triple in size. I'm going to put the entire caption in the caption below. Message me if you need it. You know what mean? Like it just gets too messy. It's just like, if you're going to drop a CTA, it's just like a quick one line and move on.
michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's 15. He's 15. Now, when I was 15, I remember this like it was yesterday. I almost died on the bench press in my basement with 30 kilos on the bar. Now we've got 15-year-olds out here bench pressing more than 99% of the population ever will. What are they feeding the kids? What is going in the water? I need to know. This is not okay. So I think that these are, is this another, so just looking at that, man, like these are definitely one, yeah, no, these definitely work for you. These two. Okay. One thing is I'd get here a bit more tangible with this, so yeah. Yeah, optimal training. Yeah, so you've updated this, which is fantastic. You said you've only got a couple of female clients, eh?
michael: Yeah, yeah. But I think a lot of, like, it's obviously because a lot of the stuff I post isn't really, like, relevant to them specifically. Like, I don't go out of my way to post, like, female-related stuff. Well, I haven't anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, like, I always, it's always good to get tangible because it's like, dream physique doesn't really give me a tangible goal. You know what I mean? Like, that's, obviously, it's nice, but, you know, that doesn't give me something to anchor it to, if that makes sense. So, like, for me, for example, mine is I'll help you drop 10 kilos plus in the next three months or less, right? So, it's like 10 kilos, three months.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, so you could be like, instead of helping men and women, you know what mean? If you're going to help both, you don't even need to say gender. Just be like, I'll help you drop 8 to 12 kilos and build your dream physique or something like that. I'll help you cut 8 to 12 kilos of fat and build your dream physique.
michael: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'd say over the next three months, but then it might be a bit decent. Also a bit wordy as well. Yeah, and then there's just straight, yeah, perfect. Did you update this?
michael: Yeah, took out the Calendly link at the back. And then I don't know if I , I don't know if I left the Instagram one in there or not, but then I auto did the phone thing to Australia.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
michael: And then that's it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Still, I would probably remove the Instagram one, just because, again, you don't want them to be like, I don't know my Instagram handle, and they have to click out, and they're going,  it, I can't be bothered now.
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And, like, you don't even really need this one. Like, you can, it's not the end of the world if you have it there, but, like, you should be calling them, like, hey, does one, like, I see you applied, et cetera, et cetera, like, what's your goal? You know what mean? Like, you're going to ask this anyway.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's not the end of the world being in there. Cool. All right. Now, the other thing as well. This is just completely incorrect, because everyone knows that the real ones started the gym for their sport, and then quit their sport for the gym. This is just completely incorrect, because everyone knows I that the real ones started the gym for their sport and then quit their sport for the gym. See, one thing, again, this is a, you know, take it not with a grain of salt, but like take it with caution, is like, I feel like you need to add a little bit more controversy into them.
michael: Yeah, I like, I did write that actually in the, in the check-in form. I think like my videos are a bit too safe.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah, you keep going.
michael: Yeah, no, I think I said there somewhere that like, I think the videos I do are a little bit too safe. And I don't really, I don't really like split the crowd as much. And in the sense of like having people that either fully agree or fully disagree.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that's a big problem because then no one cares. Yeah.
michael: Exactly.
Kyle Musca: Like, you know what mean? Someone who's doing this really, really  well at the moment. Especially with the way, like, the world's kind of heading, man.
michael: We're going away from the woke , so you can kind of, like, push it even harder.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, this guy, like, he walks a very fine line of, like, just shitting on people versus, like, just calling, like, because I'm all for, like, calling, you know, retards out for being retarded. But I try not to, like,  on people just for the sake of shitting on people, where he just sort of goes ham. But, like, look at it, man.
michael: He  works for him. Yeah, he just does not give a .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, you know, and it works, bro. Like, he's controversial as hell. But he doesn't care, like, you know what mean? People are going to hate on you when you have your own opinion. It could be, like,  the most... Based Opinion ever. There was a period where he was going through, like, an OnlyFans hating phase, you know what mean?
michael: Like, definitely works.
Kyle Musca: I reckon, like, if you stepped into the, you know, again, it's going be relevant with what you want to talk about, but, you if you get into, like, the science-based lifting kind of , you know what mean? Like, I reckon that you'd have a field day in that. I also think, obviously, it's hard to, you know, sometimes find them. But try and find, you know, videos where the reaction video itself is going to sell itself. You know what I mean? Like, if we go on something like this. So, yeah, most people will say, just starting my fitness journey. Right, please, so. Working as a fitness professional. For five years now, and that part still rags me the wrong way, because there's so many people in larger bodies moving their bodies. There's so much to get just animated about here, isn't there? Just a wealth of information from Carrie. Carrie, you sound like a nice lady, but the reason that people assume you're at the beginning of your fitness journey is because you're a morbidly obese woman. The body of somebody that's been in this for five years is not morbidly obese. The body of somebody that just started out is potentially morbidly obese. These things just make sense, logically. That's why they think you're... Yeah, man. So, you know, again, you obviously get to come from your own angle. The other thing I recommend, like, is you want to come from a place of authority, you know what mean? So, like, and we've spoken about this. One thing I would work on doing is just when you do film any kind of content, really, anytime you're on camera, anytime you're speaking to people. We're... Really, even on sales calls, it's applicable across the board, is deepen your voice, man. Slow it down. You know what mean? Like how I talk to someone on a day-to-day basis or like a complete stranger, man, you know, is a different tonality and a different depth of tone than when I'm speaking to someone on a sales call or when I'm on even potentially these calls and definitely when I'm doing content.
michael: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: It's like speak strong, speak authoritative. Again, and you'll notice that. He does this well. And pretty much like if you go have a look at pretty much every good public speaking, for the most part, they'll have that same, that in common, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. yeah, think, yeah, try be a bit more polarizing, like try and throw stones a little bit more without, again, it ends a fine line. And you don't want to just be shitting on people for the sake of shitting on people. Make sure that your, you know, opinion is valid. Make sure it's a based opinion before you just start  hurling. Because, like, again, right now, right, I don't know if you've been seeing it, but he's just been going ham on this Scotty guy because this Scotty guy, like, doxed. He's got a massive following and he, like, doxed someone else and he said  us or some  like that. And, man, he's throwing  stones all day long. Like, all of his last videos, his five last videos are all about that one guy. You know what mean?
michael: Wait, you there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I have seen it. Yeah. So, it's like, you know what mean? Throw stones. Like, that guy's got a two million  view count, followers. You know what mean? Like, compared to, you know, 140K. It's like David versus Goliath, but he's opinions-based. Like, the guy was a  idiot. You know what mean? Like, is the internet ? Are we good?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, also, more conversations in the DMs. Do you want break that down a little bit more?
michael: Like, what's happening there? Yeah, it was just, like, talking to more people in the DMs and more people, like, asking me questions. Yeah, just, like, more people ask me questions and stuff and, like, my opinion on certain things as well, just through the DMs.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, the biggest thing here, man, and the main issue I see, like, pretty much everyone make with DM settings, it's, like, it's ridiculous, is they just talk too much. You know what I mean? Yeah. You know, obviously, if they're asking you for advice and stuff, like, it's not a direct coaching inquiry. Like, definitely, you know, conversate with them. And, like, provide value and, you know, acknowledge everything that they're saying. But the idea of, you know, the DMs is essentially just to get them on a call. So if they are showing interest and stuff and they're qualified, then it's like, just get them on a call.
michael: You know what mean? You can talk about that  on a call. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, like, you don't want to rush presenting the call, but you don't want to drag it out. So it's like, ideally, you want to get their goal from them. You want to get their struggle. So goal, you want to get their struggle from them, right? What are you struggling with? Cool, that makes sense. And then you want to ask a financial qualifier, but it's a soft financial qualifier, right? Yeah, get you, man. You know, let's say they struggle with consistency around nutrition. And it's like, yeah, completely get man. You know, a lot of the guys I've worked with start in a pretty similar spot, struggling not to, with what to eat and everything like that and how to structure it all. Well, just out of curiosity, like, where are you based and what What do for work, by the way? I usually find that, you know, you can either relate it to their struggle or it's like, do you find it highly stressful, actively sedentary most of the time, et cetera. So I'm asking, my main objective here is like, what do you do for work? And the rest is just to sort of soften it to make it seem like I'm asking for any other reason besides, are you financially capable to invest in a coach?
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because again, if they get the sense that you're asking how much they're earning or like income-wise or whatever, they'll immediately go, oh, what does it cost? And then it's like, well,  at that point. Yeah. I'm thinking about, right? So you never speak about price on messages.
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you never drop price until you've had a chance to actually like go through the entire closing call. So if they get on the call and they're like, well, I'm just interested in what it costs or whatever. And it's just like, well, man, I need to have a bit of a chat with you just to see what it is, like what's going to be involved in everything like that. If keep drilling it, I'll just pull back because you're not going to sell them.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, if they're just focused on cost, they're only – what that means is, like, I just want the cheapest option. I don't care about the value. And they're going to be a  client. They're going to be  annoying. They're probably not going to do work. It's like, all right, oh, man, if, you know, if that was me and someone – very rare, I'm going to a side tangent – but if it ever does happen, they're like, no, I don't care. I just want to know what it costs. But cool, man. Well, to be honest, bro, like, as I mentioned, I need to, you know, actually have a proper chat with you just to see. You know, where you're at, where you want to go, what's going to be involved, and if it's even going be in a fit for the first place. In my experience, man, the eyes that are only caring about what it costs, they just want the cheapest option, which usually means that they're not super serious about actually getting a result, right? So, cool, man. Well, unfortunately, it's just not going to be a good fit, and then I'd  off, and I would just pull away from them.
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, you can – that is, like, the only – and again, just to wrap this up, that is, like, probably – The best way to even potentially try and save that conversation because if you say cost 100%, they're going to  off. They're not going to take it. It doesn't matter. could say 20 bucks a week.
michael: They're going to take it.
Kyle Musca: Doing it like that kind of says like, well, I don't need you, brother. I'm not desperate for your work. Like you can  know your place and we can have this chat or let's just end it here.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So yeah, just for DMs, that's the most common thing I see is people over-conversating. If they're interested and they, you know, again, you're not trying to  financially qualify the  out of them, but you just want to make sure they have some sort of income that you should be chatting to them. Then it's like, cool, man. Like, well, you know, it's a little bit hard to dive into these things super deeply over DMs. You know, I'm more than happy to line up a 10, 15 minute call with you if you want it.
michael: And I can help try and put you in the right direction. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So actually, this is probably this. The script will probably be better for that type of stuff for you. So it's pretty similar to the other one. It's still goal, struggle, and everything like that. But it's just worded differently, especially for like a lead magnet stuff, right? So if you say, you know, I'll you a free nutrition order, for example, this is probably the one you'd use.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So basically, the main difference is obviously the wording as well. But like the main difference is how you call transition of call. So instead of like, okay, well, how about we line up a call to jump on a call and see what coaching options, you know, well, one, it's not, are you potentially looking at getting a coach? And it's instead of, how about we line up a call to see what coaching options are you best? This is more, you know, it sounds like you're pretty serious about getting this sorted. It's a little tricky to get a full insight into everything you're doing over DMs. But if you're keen, I'm happy to line up a quick call just to dive into things a little bit deeper.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So I'll send you this. This is probably. This More so with the conversations that you'll be having.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. How have you been posting stories, by the way? Oh, it's  mugged me out.
michael: What kind of  is that? Stories.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
michael: Yeah, they've been better back end of the week. Like, at the start, was honestly a bit . Like, there was probably a day where, like, I love you just had  nothing up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so with on this organic, man, like, you've got to be on top of stories.
michael: 100%.
Kyle Musca: Like, do you use Notion?
michael: A little bit, but I normally, like, add in these things, like, on Google Calendar.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, like, Notion's good, though, because it actually reminds you. It's not just in a calendar. So, it's like, for instance, you know, if I'm... Wrapping up for the day, you know, every day I have to make sure that these, when it comes up, get down to zero. So it's like, if I have Monday, make sure you've posted a  CTA. It's like, well, I can't get off. I can't finish my day until I post a CTA.
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then I reset that for the next week. You know what mean? So it's not like, oh, it's cool. It's in my calendar, but I'm too busy. I can't bother right now. I'll just  it off. It's like, well, you're confronted with the fact that it's actually, you know, it's a to-do thing for the day before you get off.
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So I'd get used to using Notion, and this is where I manage all my billing, all client checkups, follow-ups, any kind of reminders that I need, whether it's short-term, long-term, all works the same.
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So it seems to be working, but what are we doing this week? We're going to come to a vision. Yeah, beautiful. And you're filming the content as well, man. So it's like you've got it there. So, you know, don't stockpile it because then it will lose its effectiveness. You know what mean? But you want to leave leeway in case something pops up, maybe you get sick, you get holiday, whatever. So, you know, you want to like a week in advance or something, maybe two weeks max. In advance of, you know, pipeline content. But like I wouldn't necessarily like, you know, if you have  weeks and weeks in advance, it's like, well, you need to just go hard on posting.
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: With these as well, if you do have a stockpile, what I would do is I'd post your most recent backwards.
michael: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Depending on this, maybe you do film different styles of content, whatever. So it's not like, you know, all in chronological order. But like, I would try and get newer. More relevant videos out sooner rather than later, if that makes sense.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Yeah, so the hook, yeah, we've already spoken about this, but the hook is like the most important part of the video. Like if your hook isn't there, you could have a  video, but if you have a really good hook, people will watch it. I mean, you need like get people in in that first three seconds.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's something I'm, and again, analyzing content and everything like that, would spend the time to go through it or like as many big creators as you can find and just listen to the first, you know, three to five seconds of their video and really, really break down what they say.
michael: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: And you'll find some creators that basically... go, see. maybe Alex, I mean, they might even use the same hook over and over again, but usually they probably only have like three to five different hooks that they actually run with and they just rinse and repeat them.
michael: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So speed is going to be your best friend with pretty much everything, man. Like the sooner you can get things turned around, the sooner you see, you know, what worked, what didn't work, and then the sooner you can refine.
michael: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do more and do it faster. Cleared out my entire hour today. So that's the next few hours. Yep. Beautiful. When it comes to overdues. Yeah. So there's two things you can do here with overdue payments. One is, I've got an email that's not. It's associated with me specifically, so it's like a support team email essentially, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You can email from that. So yes, let me break it down. So this is the emails that will come from them after a failed payment. So if they're within their program agreement, yeah, hey, Michael, this is the first official notice regarding failed payment in your account. Our billing system attempted to process your scheduled payment, but it was unsuccessful. At this stage, no action would be taken beyond the reminder, but the billing company has asked us to confirm your position as soon as possible before further steps are considered. If something has changed or you need more time, we're happy to discuss options, but we do need to hear back from you to avoid escalation. Please reply to this email. Let us know where you're at. You could even say, please message Michael, reply to this email, whatever, doesn't matter. The account will be escalated to third-party debt collection, which will include enforcement of full contract balance, 20% recovery fee, potential credit mark. And then third-party debt and then, yeah. So I'll send that to you. Do you have an email? Do I have an email? Like a business email? Yeah, I think. Yeah. I used to do something similar to what you just said, actually. Who's it through? Is it through, like, Microsoft or Google? Through Gmail. So I'm not sure about Gmail, but I know for, like, Microsoft Outlook, which is what I use, you can set up, like, aliases and stuff. So essentially, like, you, and again, I'd look into this, make sure it works properly before you start going ham on it. But you can have it so it's, like, your email. have you, and and again, and So if I was just to kyle at empcoaching.com.au, but then I can have an alias of like billing at empcoaching.com.au, and it's basically coming. I think I have that on Gmail. Yeah, perfect.
michael: So yeah, that's probably your easiest option, I'd say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, easy as. Yeah.
michael: The other thing is like, you can't always just reach out to him and text, be like, hey, bro, you know, just noticed.
Kyle Musca: You can say, you just noticed, or your billing team let you know, payment failed, just wanted to reach out, is everything okay on your end? I mean, something casual. You don't want to go on  guns blazing and, you know, dude, what the , your payment's failed, like, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. You just want to come in, is everything okay? Yeah. Again, that's where I'd set a reminder here as well on Ocean, you know, if they haven't replied and , you know, then I would say, you know, check up with XYZ's failed payment tomorrow.
michael: right. Like, if I go into here— Um, Followed with James Kovacs and Zach's failed payments.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, these things need to be done properly because if, you know, if you're letting failed payments and stuff just continuously slip through the cracks and you're not chasing them up and stuff and you're kind of just avoiding them, that can be a massive leak in a business as well. Yeah, 100%. In terms of now, in terms of how to bring it up, again, casual at first, but then more direct as time goes on. So it's like, you know, let's say, let's just keep it with messages. You know, they don't reply within a day or so, but like, hey, bro, just touch and base on this. They don't reply again. then after, you know, maybe a day or two after that, like, hey, man, billing companies ride up my  about, you know, these failed payments. And they're sort of starting to talk about escalating it, which I'm trying to fend them off. Because it becomes a headache for everyone involved. Can you please get back to me ASAP so I can get this sorted? Yeah. Again, you're always coming from that angle of like, I'm just trying to help you and, you know, the billing companies, this third-party thing that's  annoying for both of us. Let's just get this sorted. Yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Like even today, I had a guy, you know, say he wanted to cancel or whatever. And I was like, oh, you know, happy to send it, happy to send it in an early cancellation request. But, you if there's anything we can do to avoid that, that'd be awesome. Essentially, I said more than this, but like basically I said, if there's anything we can do to avoid that, that'd be awesome because they're usually pretty annoying about it. You know what mean? Like I'm already framing it as the billing company is this annoying company that I have to go  deal with, but I will help you out if you need it.
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it gets to the point, like if you do this right, like, and, you know, people will pay you because I say like... oh, they originally, when I come back, I say, you know, they originally wanted like $850 to cancel, but I managed to get them down to like $437.
michael: People would be like, oh, thank you so much, man.
Kyle Musca: Like, and then they just pay it. Yeah, yeah. So it's like, again, it's just how you frame it. Yeah, okay. Easy. Any questions on that before we move on? Nah, that was good. That was kind of what I was looking for. Yeah, and that's just a sales thing that, I mean, you only really learn. People can tell you, but you only really learn when you do it.
michael: It doesn't matter if they're, you know, your best friend.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't matter if they  say that they are so incredibly happy and thankful for you to take the time. And they're so ready to get started. And this is exactly what they needed. And, you know, X, Y, Z,  .
michael: If they get off the phone, they will.
Kyle Musca: They will pull out.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like 99% of the time.
michael: Like it's actually ridiculous. It doesn't even make sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because what ends up happening, man, is like they could be really keen on the call and they'll get off and they'll think about it and then they'll just get themselves out of it. Even if they know the program's perfect, the program is easily worth its weight in gold. You know, they need to do this because if they don't, they're going to continue being  depressed and super overweight. And hate their life. They will just talk themselves out of it. Yeah. Of course. It's just the human brain. Yeah. So it's like you need to click payment. Again, you know, I'm not drilling you on that, but just like really, really emphasize the fact that it's like you just cannot risk them getting off the phone.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, I would get prepared for all that because they'll throw different types of, you know, excuses as to why they need to get off the phone. And I would get prepared. And. And have it in your pocket of, like, why you need them to pay now. You know what mean? It's like, oh, I don't have my card on me. No worries, man. We can just do a bank transfer. You know what mean? Like, you need to be ready to, like, overcome those things. Yeah, yeah. You know what mean? Oh, I don't get paid till Tuesday. Okay, well, you know, how much can you lay down now? Yeah. You know what mean? It's like, you just, again, there's so many different ones that can come. Like, you're not going to be out there for all of them. But I would just get, like, a good understanding of the main ones. And if one comes up, you know, you might fumble it when it comes up. But, like, make sure you think about it after so you can counter it next time. Yeah. Yeah, of course. I don't think, like, I don't necessarily get, I don't think I've really ever, like, had someone that's, like, hardcore being, like, I can't pay right now, but I'll do it later. Like, I don't, I haven't really ever had, like, that kind of objection just yet. But at the moment, like, what I normally...
michael: So just to make sure they do do it is like I just tell them that like Newey's connected to Kahunas and then like this lets me set up their account.
Kyle Musca: Like it'll auto create their  account or some  and I can't do it until they go through the process. Yeah, yeah. So I mean, if they're going to get off the phone, then it's just a really big red flag.
michael: So I would never give, I wouldn't give them access to, yeah, do what you're doing. I wouldn't give them access until they create it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course. mean, like typically like I kind of just tell them like as we go through it, I'm like, yeah, so this is connected to, you know, the coaching platform. And when you go through this process, it'll just auto create your profile. And I just  sit there and just wait for them to do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You have to, yeah, you kind of all, yeah. So you have to kind of give them a reason why you need to sign up then and there, which is good. So what I was like, what I do is I was like, cool. So this is connected to the thing.
Kyle Musca: I just need to get this sorted. Okay. Yeah. Thank Activate it fully. then I just need to grab a few quick more details off you. It takes about two minutes. Yeah, for sure. Oh, I need to run back to work. Yeah, it's okay. Well, it'll take us like a minute. Yeah, I've had that once. Like it was so awkward. I just seen that just waiting for them to do it.
michael: Yeah, we're like, oh, no, it's okay. Well, it'll take a bit of a minute, man. You can just rip in. You can get back to work and happy days. Yeah, of course. You know what mean? That's like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, again, in the moment, they sound keen, but that's just an escape tactic to confront, to avoid having to say like, no, I can't afford it. No, I can't X, Y, Z. No, I don't want to do it. It's just an easier escape tactic. Yeah, exactly. I had a nasty, same way  on people without being shitting on someone. I think some of my reactions are just to save my content.
michael: Yeah. Again, this is going to come down to a bit too safe in the sense I feel like I don't necessarily have people who have a group of support.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is really a personality thing, right? Like, and depending on how you want to  on people. So someone who I think of is like, if you want to come down the aisle of nicely shitting on someone, what's his name? Pretty sure, oh, what the  did I just click?
michael: TNF, that's his name.
Kyle Musca: We have to find a video where he's shitting on someone, but yeah, this one. Man, people get a good six-pack, get some obliques, and immediately think they're under five. Other thing. See, his tonality's  low, right? Hmm. Oh, he's, yeah, deep voice. Five percent body fat. And they'll fight tooth and nail to defend that stance. But to help everybody understand, including the creator, let's see what close to five percent body fat actually looks like. You see, that level of body fat is reserved for the people that are pretty much known for their body fat levels. It's not, oh, that guy's pretty darn lean. It's, what am I looking at? And if they can hold that level of shreds for long periods of time, it pretty much becomes their calling card. But you can see the textural differences when it comes to true five and sub-five body fat. See, that's a lot of Stuff shifting on screen is always something to look at. Not only that, but they are shredded everywhere. It's not just, oh, there's the abs and the obliques. It's how deep are the separations in their legs? Do they have feathering going through their rectus femoris? Meanwhile, guys like the original creator claiming 4.9% body fat have none of those features. Body fat assessments are not personal and they are not opinion-based. They are a physiological reality to you. Yeah, mean, so he just basically  on that guy, but he didn't, you know, and it's not like he, so it's like, you know, if you're going to go down the avenue of shitting on someone, it's more so correcting them, right? Yeah. And having a factual rather than opinionated stance on it, you know what I mean?
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, that's the main things I would say is because if you're coming from, yeah, again, kind of what I said before, if you're coming from a, you know, based sort of perspective, Uh, and especially when there's actual facts behind it, you know what mean? It's like, well, who can argue with you? The only people that can argue with you are  delusional people. Um, and usually people that are, you know, not willing to admit to themselves what they are, right? They just don't want to face their own reality. Yeah. That's who I would  on. You know what mean? Like that's, I don't want to work with people that are  delusional and just like, you know, not willing to, you know what mean?
michael: They just cope. You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, it's completely up to you and it's a personality thing and, you know, you've got to figure out, you know, the angles that you want to come from and the type of creative that you want to be in that regard. Um, but yeah, I definitely think there needs to be more polarization on your content because otherwise like it's reacting to, you know, some, some, some, some, uh, just like kind of basic reactions. Some are pretty, you know, pretty cool. This one should have probably got a lot more views due to the engagement I would have thought, but anyway. Yeah. Um, yeah, like you want that wow factor in the video. So, you know, again, be controversial or you want a wow factor and be funny or whatever. How do you want to come from it? different ways to come from it, but there just needs to be something that really gets people, you know, involved in it, you know? Yeah. Post that call. Yeah. So, again, that's just where, you know, even if you, you know, something comes up like that, again, just the structure of like, what is the most important thing I need to do today? If only get one thing done, it needs to be that  thing. You know what mean? Like, so for example, I don't know if I told you, but like last week, man, my , I trying to film ads and my audio wasn't working. And I only realized like after a  whole video and was like an hour and a half had gone by. And I was so ready to throw in the towel, but it's like, I know I need to film these ads today. Like, if I only get one  thing done today, it's like, it needs to be this.
michael: Yeah. So, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: It's just understanding what the key drivers to move the business forward are, not just feeling busy for the sake of being busy. Yeah, of course. I've just been scrolling. Yeah. This is why I like to, like, separate two accounts. I have, like, a personal account where I'll, you know, can do scroll a little bit more. I'm not someone who really scrolls that much in general, but, like, it just keeps my fitness account all fitness-based. You know what mean? Yeah. So, you you don't have to necessarily create a second account, but, you know, if you are, if you're someone who finds that you do scroll quite a lot, to last you So, don't to give And the content you're scrolling is not fitness-related kind of content that you can actually use.
michael: And yeah, I'd probably create two, like just a separate account. You don't have to build it and make it your personal account and get it with your friends on it.
Kyle Musca: You can do whatever you want with that account, right? That's the beauty of it. But I would just keep your fitness one 100% fitness-related. Yeah, yeah. Perfect. Good, man. Yeah, that was a fair bit in that. Is there anything that you want to cover a little bit more, go over, anything like that? No, I think like it all pretty much makes sense in terms of like what I need to do this coming week. I think probably the bigger thing is, yeah, spending time having a look at like the other guys and their first five seconds of the video because I think that's  me a little bit. And then, yeah, probably just pushing out a bit more of like what seems to be working better for me at the moment, which. Nice. Nice. Yeah, like the trending audio  transformation stuff seems to be doing pretty good.
michael: So push a few more of them out this week as well. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I, yeah, that's probably the main thing I would come for you is just, again, really continue analyzing people's content. But this week's simply focus on the hooks of what they're saying.
michael: And best way to do this as well, I think we've been over this before, but just come to Reels. See which videos have, you know, which videos are an outlier. I mean, 700K, 836K, right? Ranking influencer bodybuilding potential. That's pretty cool. It's a lot of money. It's going to be a lot of Watch that whole video, but.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. Cool. So, I'm just going through to see if there's anything that kind of stands out. It's also important to remember, you know, obviously these, for the most part, it's like these guys will have all the hooks and stuff that you need, but then sometimes be careful of like not, you know, just because a piece of content does like decently well, sometimes it can be, you know, the only person who could get that style of content. And to do well is that person, because they're known already, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, so they've got 1.5 million views. I don't know what the  justified that, but, you know. Cool, bro. need Cool, 2.4, yeah. Yeah, cool, man. All right, well, yeah, if you do have any questions. I think your fitness deserves to be docs. Oh, actually, just quickly, one more. Like, when it comes to the videos and stuff that, like, you'd react to, or, like, I'd react to, do you think it, like, do you think TikTok and Instagram crossover in the sense that, like, what is, like, gone viral on TikTok if I was to react to that on Instagram with that crossover or not really? I mean, you can definitely try it. Like, as long, if it's gone viral on TikTok, then, I mean, there's merit behind it. People will watch it, you know what mean? Yeah. I do find that TikTok is not necessarily, like, I used to just cross-post on TikTok. Like, I already posted on Instagram, so I just posted on TikTok anyway.
michael: I don't post on TikTok anymore because I think it's just I had one video on Instagram get well over a million views and then just flop extremely hard on TikTok. And I was like, well, what the  is that? So I just, you know, TikTok, I think TikTok went through, I'm going to have side attention.
Kyle Musca: Yes, if you find a video on TikTok that has done really, really well, then yeah, I wouldn't rule it off as not plausible to do on Instagram. But in terms of posting on TikTok, I think TikTok just went through a bunch of, you different regulations and rules and  like that. And I don't know if it was them or what, but they would just  suck on it now, so. Yeah. Yeah, okay, easy. Cool, man. All right, bro. All right, I'll leave you back to it. But if you do have any questions, just, yeah, let me know. Easy as, no stress. I appreciate it. All right. Cheers, man. Bye. Bye.


>>> 78/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-01-30T05:56:09Z | id:118407200
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Yeah, good. Been pretty flat out this week.
Imogen Harris: Where are you?
Kyle Musca: I'm in Dukit.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, right. Were you in Dubai last time?
Kyle Musca: Were you there? Yeah, I was in Dubai in like September, I think, and then I was in Canada for December and then Thailand now, and I've got to go to Dubai now. Yeah, cool. Well, we'll rip right in. There's quite a lot I want to sort of cover in this first call. My internet could as well. Was there anything that you wanted to run over before we dive into everything?
Imogen Harris: Nah, nah, I'm all good. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So in this first sort of call, the main thing I like to sort of like break down is just sort of the offer and everything like that to make sure that, you know, everything's nice and refined. So that way, essentially, you can basically go from this call and then implement it. So you, can you remind me what it was? What's your current offer at the moment?
Imogen Harris: So I've got just normal, like online coach, like with training and nutrition. Then I've just got weekly check-ins. That's one tier. Fortnightly check-ins is another tier that's below that. And then I offer nutrition only, training only, and then obviously comp prep as well as separate.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And what are the price points for those?
Imogen Harris: So comp prep's $120 a week. General, both of them is $90 a week. And then it's... $65 a week for four nightly, and then the Just Training or Just Nutrition is $55 a week.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So the first thing I like to do, do you publicly display these prices?
Imogen Harris: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. The first thing I like to do is basically restructure the offer. So first and foremost is I think Australian coaches do it a lot, is change it from weekly billing structures to just the program is this amount, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So whether it's – and the reason you can do that is because you can start tapping into a lot higher price points. So if I were to sit here and be like, okay, cool. So for my – and you can name it whatever. I call it my gold package. So for my gold package, if we're looking at three months, I've just come out to be about $2,000.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. It doesn't sound like any massive red flags when you say it like that, right? There's no – that's not like holy f***. , that's a massive price point, right? If you were to say, hey, it's $166 a week, they'd be like, what the ?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Right? So, and then I like to have three. So you've already got different tiered structures, which is fantastic. I like to, with where we're starting, and again, you're always the captain of the ship here. So if you're feeling uncomfortable or anything, just let me know and we can chat about options with it. Yeah. But I, like, you've already got a good coaching foundation. You've already got a good community. You've got the social proof and everything like that. So there's, like, no reason you can't sell these at all. Increasing prices will always feel a little bit daunting to start with. Once you make that first sale and you realize people, there's no real difference between, you know, you're saying $90 a week compared to $2,000 for three months. It's like, cool, we're up to the races. Is that all making sense so far?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So what I would do here is, so I'll just use mine, for example. Right? We have... Three packages that we sell, until you get confident with the whole sales process, I probably wouldn't necessarily do the third one because the third one's like, sorry, the first one is the sort of higher ticket. We want to catch the top 20% of people that will buy that, right? The other 80 won't buy it, but we do want to catch the 20% that will. Again, I wouldn't really implement that until you get confident with the sales process. But what we do want is an anchoring one, right? Yeah. So for example, are you familiar with price anchoring?
Imogen Harris: No, no.
Kyle Musca: So price anchoring is how figures will sound relative to other figures. So basically what I mean by that is if I'm like, cool, so I've got my platinum package that's extremely comprehensive. If we were looking at six months for that, would come out to be about $10,000. And then I would kind of like, I would expand it, $10,000. And there's one spot left available for that. You want people's jaw to drop, right? You want them to be like, holy . Because then when you come back around and be like, yeah, but to be honest, I think that's going to be a bit overkill for you. I think you're going to suit my gold package, which is still very, very comprehensive. It just comes out to be a bit more, like quite a lot more affordable. Instead of $10,000, it brings it right down to $3,500. Because we've anchored them at that $10,000, now the $3,500 seems a lot more reasonable in comparison. If I were to say I do fortnightly check-ins and that's $1,500, but to be honest, I think that you'd suit my gold package way better, which is $3,500. All of a sudden, $3,500 seems like it's a lot more because you've anchored them low.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right? So we always want our anchoring product. Now with that, I mean, you want it so it is really in-depth. You don't try and sell this. It's to anchor and to build trust. But at the same time, if someone was like, oh, no, I really do want that. And then, yeah, I'm sure you'd do a lot if someone was paying you $10,000.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: All right. Now, with that, it doesn't have to, any questions on any of that so far?
Imogen Harris: No, no.
Kyle Musca: All good. Yeah. So, to be honest, like, not much really has to, from the sounds of, change about what you're currently doing. What I would, and, okay, yeah, so not much has to change about what you're currently doing. What is, what's your fulfillment side of things with the core package of the weekly check-ins? Is it a loom check-in or is it?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. To be, they're all loom check-ins. I don't do any written. So, even if they're fortnightly, I still do looms.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Fantastic. So, beautiful thing about, okay, let me, I'll also explain why we're charging more, right? So, one, it allows us to reinvest the funds. Obviously, you make more profit, but it allows us to reinvest the funds into actually marketing a business, right? I find that when people charge $80 to $90 a week, you just have no spare cash after, you know, every, all expenses. You know what mean? You can't, you're suffocating your business because you can't afford to market your business, right? Your lifetime value will be dramatically less than, you know, someone like for me charging those rates would be a lot less, which means you have to work with a client for a lot less period of time to earn the same amount, right?
Imogen Harris: Right? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: People get the confusion of like, oh, my retention sucks. You know, I used to, like, let's just say theoretically, I was working with someone way back when, and she's like, oh, my retention sucks. I'm charging, I'm going to charge $80 a week now to get retention up. I did the math. And it's like, to earn the same amount, you'd have to have them on for three months extra. And even then, the expenses on top of that, you'd be $360, $360 less in total profit. So it's like, not only do your expenses increase, you have to have them on for a lot longer. Right? Does that make sense?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So, and when you charge more, the quality of service you can provide increases, right? So it's like you don't necessarily have to change anything about what you're currently doing. But for example, my, you know, let's say my three-month call package of $2,000 means that they get call check-ins and they get, you know, 24-7 text and call communication and all that stuff. So it's a extra level of communication support and everything like that.
Imogen Harris: Again, you don't have to do that.
Kyle Musca: You can just do $2,000 with the check-ins and everything like that. And then you could do your downsell option. So for me, my downsell option is $1,500. If you're going to do four-nightly check-in calls, you may even want to do like $1,200 or something just to start, just to get them across, like just to, build up confidence with it, that makes sense.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep. All make sense so far?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: hundred percent. And I'll teach you how to actually sell this. I'm not just going to say go increase the price. Thank you much. And have fun. Perfect. So, yeah, that will allow you to increase the quality of service, increase your lifetime value, and have more disposable income to reinvest in the marketing, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, that's what I would do. Nothing has to change, but if you do want to look at, you know, what else can you add for certain prices? Doesn't have to be revolutionary. Nothing has to change at all, realistically, but it's always nice to make it sound fancy, right?
Imogen Harris: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Now, to sell that, let me show my screen. I don't want to make an instance couple of that again, but anyway. Can you see this?
Imogen Harris: No. It says started screen sharing, but I actually can't see it.
Kyle Musca: Let me load this. this. Let
Imogen Harris: Let's see. Sorry, my dog is having a scream. I don't know if you can hear him. Can you see it now? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So this is the sales script that you're going to use to sell this, right? Now, when people usually start this sales script, you know, sometimes they can be attached to old ways. Sometimes they can skip certain sections. To get used to it, like you can reword it, but I wouldn't skip certain sections, right? Yeah. This process basically converts them into a really emotional buyer, right? The only way you can charge higher ticket pricing is if you can get them into a really emotional state to purchase. Now, realistically, any sales process should always be emotion-driven over logic-driven, right? Yeah. Because at the end of the day, humans are emotional creatures. They're going to make decisions off emotion, and then they will justify it logistically, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. So...
Kyle Musca: Um, this stuff's just kind of like interest stuff. It's pretty simple. I kind of start from here. Cool. So, you know, what's your current body weight? Cool. So basic surface level questions. What are you hoping to get down to? How long has it been since you've been at that current weight? Now, with this part of the script, this, this will set the tone of like what I'm going to be talking about for the rest of the call. So for me, right, they're talking about they want to lose 20 kilos. Everything I say from this point onwards is six months. When I offer them the package, it's six months.
Imogen Harris: It's not confusing with I could do this option for three months or I could do this option for six months and X, Y, Z.
Kyle Musca: It will confuse them or overwhelm them, right? You never want to give them more than maps three different options. And that's why we have different packages, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. You know, what I'll do as well is I'll try and get you on with my sales trainer and he'll actually break this down like step by step and like go over the tonality and everything like that. But I kind of want you to just get the basis of it. So what have you previously? Because I tried to fix this, et cetera, et cetera. Just getting comfortable talking to you and opening up to you, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, there are certain parts that you don't have to ask. And that's only if they've already answered it before. So it's like, you know, what have you previously tried? Any form of nutrition or exercise, right? Out of everything, what was the most successful? Let's say they said keto diet off the top of my head, right? If they said keto diet and they said it was really restrictive and you were like, okay, so yeah, you know, doing the keto diet felt really restrictive, didn't really feel like something you'd want to do for the rest of your life. Yeah, exactly. You wouldn't go in and ask them about, you know, what about the excessive cardio?
Imogen Harris: You know, if they didn't say that, you know mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: As it says here, if they said lots of things, then, you know, try and check for a pattern. If they didn't say lots of things, it's like you don't need to ask that question.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Cool. So maybe help me to understand why you may be looking at getting outside help with this instead of maybe just trying to figure it out yourself. So two things here. A lot of these questions are designed to prevent objections from happening, right? So it's like this one basically handles the DIY, do-it-yourself solution. Because if they come and say to you, like, I've been trying for the last six months and, you know, I lose a little bit of weight and then I gain it right back. Like, they say, it's like, and they get to the end of the call and you say the price. And they're like, I want to try and figure it out for myself. You can easily just be like, well, you said you've already been trying for six months.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now you'll see that there are tonality cues. Tonality is really, really important on, especially sales calls, but with anything. So when it comes to emotional persuasion, it's 7% what you say. So the actual words you use, it's 38%. how you say it. the tonality and everything like that. And then it's 55%, uh, the, the body language and facial expression you use. Right.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Basically there's a lot that goes into that. Tonality is probably the one I would mainly focus on, but for example, you see how you're kind of like leaning off to the side like that. If you were on a call, I might do the same thing, which would be mirroring, which would basically put your subconscious in line with mine. So you feel more like, uh, in line with me.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Vibe of vibes situation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Right. So when I, when you say it's, it's not, it's not, okay, maybe help me to understand, you know, why you might be getting outside help with this instead of just trying to figure out yourself. It's okay. And I guess like, yeah, well, maybe help me to understand, you know, why you might be looking at getting outside help with this instead of, you know, just trying to figure it out for yourself.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. I even not like, I took away from even our first call. was like the way that you worded things made. It me actually think about why the  I'm not getting where I need to get to. So, yeah, no, 100%. Tone will be everything, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And the reason for that is because, like, tone will tap into different emotional parts of the brain, right? If I say something compassionately or empathetically, you're not going to have a guard up about answering in an empathetic response, right? If I said something, you know, it didn't sound like I really cared, then you're going to have a guard up and you're not going to let me in to doubt. Actual problem at core. And that's what selling really is at the end of the day, right? Selling isn't just trying to get them to buy your product. It's figuring out what their problem actually is and then solving that problem, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: At the end of the day, you can't sell something to someone if they don't want it, right?
Imogen Harris: They actually have to want it. Yeah. Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: All right? So, and that's what this does. figures out the problem really well to, one, see if you can solve it. I mean, they're on the call with you, so realistically, you should be able to. Like they're there for a reason. Cool. Let's say, yeah, I know. I just really need someone to help me with accountability. Okay. And I guess besides from, you know, a little bit of accountability, let's say you and I just sit down and really just map this out step by step in terms of like, well, one, I guess the amount of time that you actually have available. So you'll see there's three little dots. That's usually when you take a pause. Time that you actually have. You know, the level of support and accountability you're going to need, or even just like, you know, the resources you'd like me to provide. What do you really feel like you would need, you know, from someone like me in order to be successful?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's like, I've never done any conversation where it's like, I obviously ask questions, but I don't think it's kind of just back forth, back forth. There's no actual like setting the scene, I guess you would say.
Kyle Musca: Like that. So yeah. A lot of coaches will go into coach mode in sales call. You want to avoid that at all costs. Like you don't want to coach it at all. In sales, it's like you want to speak less and just ask the questions, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, but that requires what they're doing wrong or what they feel like they need.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, well, there's a lot to unpack here. So one is, if you're asking the questions, you're in control of the conversation, right? The second thing is, if you let people speak, they'll really feel like they've been heard and listened to. So a good rule of thumb here is like, you should be speaking 20% of the time and they should be speaking 80% of the time.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now to follow on from that, again, with the coach mode is you never want to tell them what they're doing is wrong or you never want to try and coach them or whatever, because they don't have the trust in you. They haven't invested in you. So they don't have the trust in you to actually, you know, help them essentially, right? How, you know, this is a basic concept, but my own experience learning this, right, was I was on a call with this. Let's Indian guy. And he was like, I'm training like seven days a week and I'm doing an hour of cardio every single day. But I don't cook. Like I don't meal prep. I don't cook. I can't do it. I have no time. And I was like, well, cool. Like what we could do there, man, is we could just bring it back to, you know, five sessions a week and that would free up two extra hours. So you could meal prep. And then that way you don't have to worry about food for the rest of the week. And then from that point, I immediately lost the sale because he didn't want to borrow it. He, I told him what he was doing was wrong and he just closed off completely. His brain shut off.
Imogen Harris: didn't want to listen to anything I had to say. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know, and so it's like, you can't, you're not, you're not here to say what they're doing is wrong. It's just like, get them to talk. And then, you know, once they're in the coaching, it's like, all right, we're doing five days a week and you're  doing it. Do whatever they've invested in you at that point. Yeah. Does that all make sense?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then again, another general sales rule here is you either want to repeat back to them what they said. Before we move on, or offer the solution, is what I like to do. So let's say, this is probably a little bit easier, you know, why are looking at getting outside help with this? They're like, oh, look, I've just, you know, tried it, you know, for myself for the last six months, and, you I lose a little bit of weight, but then something happens, and I just gain it all back. So there's two things. Okay, yeah, so it makes sense. So, yeah, you can try and, you know, it sounds like you've been putting in the work, and, you life just kind of keeps getting in the way, and that kind of keeps putting a hold to things, right? Yeah, exactly, right? Doing that, repeating back to them what they say, makes them feel like you've really understood them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They feel heard. The other option to that is I like to offer a solution to what they say. Okay, so, you know, let's just say, oh, I really struggle with finding meals that work with my busy days around work. Right, okay, so maybe, I guess, just having, like, a little bit more of a structure and just someone to take out that guesswork and shoot exactly. so, What to eat would be really helpful for you then. Yeah, exactly. Okay. Yeah, cool. That makes sense.
Imogen Harris: Move on. Cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Any questions so far?
Imogen Harris: No, no. All good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. I know. So this one, you only really bring up if they've kind of said something previously. Now, another rule with this script is that you kind of don't want them talking about  when it's not in the right phase, right? So you'll see that there's emotional phases. You'll see that there's, you know, problem phases, stuff like that. If they start talking, if they start getting too, like, let's say you're up here asking base level questions and they start telling you like, oh, I'm just really depressed and I have no confidence and, you know, I hate my life. It's like, we want that out of them, just not yet, right? Because otherwise, you're going to get to the point where you have got them really nice and emotional. And then you're going to start re-asking them questions that they've already answered.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That can kind of annoy them, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, for example, if someone said that they were depressed up above, I'd be like, yeah, I really want to get, I wouldn't say it like that, like, yeah, I really want to get into all that. I just really want to understand, like, sort of surface level where, what the goals are we're trying to achieve, and then I really want to unpack all that shortly and then get back on the conversation. And then I would get to here and go, okay, and I know, you know, previously sort of, you mentioned that you're sort of feeling a little bit depressed. Do you mind telling me a little bit more about, you know, what caused you to say that?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: We're about to get into the emotional phase, so we want to start unpacking all that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: These questions, how long has it been since you last actively tried to lose the weight? What's been holding you back? Why now, though? So, again, this is another question preventing objection. You don't want get to the end of the call and be like, you know, oh, I'm really busy at work. I think in three months' time is better for me, right? Because you've got them to say... Why now though? Well, I know if I just keep my shoes down the road, I know I'm never going to get it done. Cool. So we've established you to do something about it now.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I guess obvious, just trying to get healthy. Besides the obvious of trying to get healthier, trying to get fitter, what are the reasons behind you wanting to lose this weight? Again, unpacking deeper problems, right? Bringing back to the current situation is carrying the weight, having an impact on you. If they don't answer specifically, yes, it is, but they don't actually say how and say, okay, in what way?
Imogen Harris: You want them to be tangible.
Kyle Musca: That's the thing with the script is don't move on if they give you a vague answer. I mean, you want specific answers that you can use. Vagueness doesn't put any urgency on them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that goes the whole way through because like, for example, a good example of this is like, yeah, it's too expensive. I'll, you know, I'll just figure it out myself or something. A lot of coaches just sort of take that as surface level. But simple things like, okay, but how are you actually going to do that? Just keep digging down the rabbit hole until they give you a specific answer because it's  stupid. Like, you can't get it on yourself. That's why you're  it. Yeah, that's just a sober answer that they've just told themselves. How often do you think about it? So I'll let you read through this.
Imogen Harris: Like, it's not, you know. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But just following this will get them into a really emotional state.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Only other things with this is, so one, this question. So we want to start thinking about future states, right? Future identities. You really want to paint the picture here. So you take notes of everything they've said above, right? I just write down, like, usually one-word things. So it's like, you know, confidence. Maybe they want to take their shirt off the beach, whatever. Yeah. So paint the picture here exactly. The point where they don't have to think about it. So, you know, if you would imagine yourself, you know, six months from now, you've lost 20 kilos, potentially more. You've And, you know, when you look at the mirror, instead of feeling, you know, kind of embarrassed that you've let yourself go, you actually feel proud, not only of the physique you've built, but all the work that you've actually put in and the fact that you actually followed through on what you said you were going to do. And, you when you go to the beach, you're excited to go to the beach because, you know, you're taking your shirt off and you're not worried about people, you know, sort of thinking weirdly about you, judging you. And you're even starting to get like a few like sort of side glances from some girls, you know, maybe they smile at you, whatever the case may be, whatever their reality of what their dream is. Really  bring that up.
Imogen Harris: Visualize, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you want to see that smile on their face come out, right? You want to see them lighten up when they think of that because that's what we're trying to sell here, right? We're trying to sell that. And then kind of rip away from them. You know, what happens if never do anything? Like what happens if you just, you know, keep doing the same thing, you know, you keep gaining weight as time goes on, things get even worse. You know, what's that going to be like for you? Oh, so it's pretty serious that you  do something then, right? Cool. I can change that, possibly. Transition and pitch. Again, this is pretty self-explanatory. I won't spend heaps of time on this. Feel free to read it through. How I would deliver this script as well on this is, like, you don't have to memorize this. Obviously, the more you can memorize it, better. But when I'm doing the sales script, I'll have it up literally how – sorry, sales call. I'll have it up literally how I have it now, but I wouldn't obviously be sharing my screen. So it's not like I'd be looking at you. I'd be looking at this, and almost it's just through the screen.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: With that, obviously, just be careful to not be like, okay, to achieve that, pay you with my own personal – you know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. So you can be the common sense here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I like to just, like, look away. You know what mean? Like, if I'm – know, okay. And, yeah, well, to achieve that, I'm going to pay you with – you know, I can't be reading a script if I'm looking over here.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, 100%. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Da-da-da-da-da-da. So this could be the answer for you. Now, this is my close. This is all pretty much how word for word I would say it. But I fully rewrote this exactly how I do the close, right? Yeah. So, yeah, I'm happy with everything you've spoken about today. More confident we can get you to where you want to be. Because the only question is, like, when will you open and get the ball rolling? It does as it says. Last thing you want to do is say price and everything. And then they're like, oh, I've got a holiday to Japan next week. I can't start for two weeks. So it's like, well, . You know what mean? If they say that, never say price. I just wrap it up there and then. Cool. No worries. Look, that works out well because I actually have to go away and build these packages for you and just, you know, suss different options. Take me probably about a week or so to do. How about we jump on a call when you're back and then we can rehash things and then go from there. Sound good?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you say price and they get off the call, you're never hearing them from again.
Imogen Harris: 100%. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Cool. Cool. Only thing from here is to go through the different packages to see what's going to suit you best. So this is the platinum package I was speaking about. This is the one where you anchor. Cool?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Extremely comprehensive. It's really designed for professional athletes, people dealing with chronic injuries, illnesses, someone preventing you to jump on stage, whatever. If we were looking at that for six months, it'd come out to be about $10,000. There is one spot left at the moment, but to be honest, I don't think you'll need that. It's going to be a bit overkill for what you need, so let's just move on.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we're not even trying to sell it to them. We're just kind of like, it's an option, it's there, but I don't think you'll need it, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this is my emerald. So this goes into my sort of higher main ticket one that I was speaking about. I probably wouldn't do it just yet until you get really confident with the sale, but it's the same essential process, right? That brings us on to my goal package. Now, this one's still really comprehensive, and it's really designed to build – it's built to maximize support, accountability, and communication, right? that do it. That's awesome. do time. Emerald, the gold option for six months. It would bring it from, you know, $10,000 right down to just 5K. Oh, sorry, 3.5K if we're doing gold. This is my Emerald, right? 3,500. With that, you'd receive, yeah, the custom programming, built around your lifestyle, the nutrition guidance, 24-7 text and call communication, weekly check and call, so yada, yada, yada, right? There's a fair bit more that goes into it, but I feel like you get the point. Ha ha, right? And yeah, there is one, two spots left. Now, that's really important there. I would always add that for each one, like have a set amount each time because it adds scarcity, right?
Imogen Harris: You can see, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and because you'll use this later because if they come back and they say, no, it's too expensive, except I need to think about it, whatever, you can always just say, like, that's fine, but there's only one spot left for it. Even for the downsell, I say there's no spots left for it. So you can go do that, but it's not going to be there when you come back.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Well, after you say the package that you want. One to sell. So let's say in this case, it's the gold package, right? Then you lead straight into the guarantee. Now, this is a conditional guarantee. Now, obviously, I back everything I do. So if you sign up and follow the game plan, don't achieve a result you're absolutely stoked with, then I'm going to give you a full refund. I'll also swing you $5 cash your way for wasting your time. So this removes doubt that the program itself won't work because it's a guarantee. Now, it's a conditional guarantee, which basically means that they have to do, and again, I would add this into your contract. But like, for me, it's like they have to complete 80% of the check-ins. They have to communicate with the coach three times a week. They have to do 80% of their workouts logged in the app. have to log 80% of their meal plan, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Right? So they actually have to follow the program. If they don't, then the guarantee doesn't apply to them because they didn't  do the work.
Imogen Harris: So like the waiver that they signed at the end with that stuff?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially. Like I would just do it as a formality. I've never really had someone come back. The reality is with a guarantee is one, if they do the  work, they're obviously going to get the result. That's just basic science at end of it. And two, if you do treat someone well and you have a good service with them and everything like that, they're not going to come back and, you know, ask you for a refund, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So as long as you treat them well, it should be fine. Cool. Let's say, you know, your objection handle, they can't afford the gold, whatever. Okay, no stress. Again, just to confirm, program something you want to do. Finance is just stopping you from moving forward. Yep, cool. Gotcha. In that case, probably shouldn't do this, but  it. Yeah, I want to help you, you know, lose that 10 kilos because I know how much it's going to, you know, improve your life. I do have a silver package. Now, it is technically full, but I think I have someone finishing like mid to end next week off the top of my head, so I could slow you into that spot. Still very comprehensive with custom programming, nutrition, et cetera, et cetera. Main difference is it would just be 24-7 text communication, and it's a weekly check-in done. the head. Over Loom instead of a call, right? A few other differences, but that's probably the main thing. You know, we also open it up to a slightly wider group of people, right? Selling exclusivity. If we were to look at that, man, I use the same man on sales calls because I haven't talked to dudes. But if we were look at that, we bring it down, bring it from, you know, three and a half thousand. So again, always emphasize the word we're trying to anchor, right down to just 2,500. All right. Now, whenever you say pricing, it's really important you say it casually and confidently. If you sound jiggery and scared and non-confident, it's going to raise concern in them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or if you sound like it's a big deal, it's going to feel like it's expensive for them. But if I'm like, yeah, it's just 20, like it's nothing.
Imogen Harris: You mean? No. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it works out to be a fair bit more affordable. Would that be a bit more realistic for you? All right. And then if they're like, oh, yeah, maybe I just need to think about it. You can, again, objectionable is a way to go about this. But like at the end of the day, you know, you can go away and think about it. But again, there's. It's technically a spot open and there pretty rarely ever is because what will happen is I get on a call like this and someone just takes it straight away, right? Yeah. They'll usually be like, oh, , let's just run with that then.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, that was a lot. Any questions on any of that?
Imogen Harris: Nah, nah, it's all good. All good.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So what I'll do actually is I'll share this. Anytime I share you a resource or a document or anything, like just make your own version.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, Yeah, copy it.
Kyle Musca: Some people download it.
Imogen Harris: People are . do that with my . I'm like, please don't. Just literally make your own. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then this is the payment structure. So this essentially helps to break it down. So we offer it as, so the biopsychology here is we offer the payment in full. So we don't say it's 2K or we could break it down. You never ever do that because I always take the breakdown option. It's just like the program is for three months is 2K. They'll like, oh, yeah, could we break it down? We could potentially look at doing that. Usually this is a different side tangent, but usually I'll go into a little objection handle before I do that because you don't really ever want to drop price or package or anything like that without objection handling first, right? But that's a different story. I'll take a bit too much time for today. So here's the payment structures, right? So if they do ask to break it down. Now, the idea, the combination of how the packages are structured in this script and these payment structures basically means you can just keep moving with them until they say yes, right? You can keep going through these. So let's say you could just off the top of my head. We go with the Emerald package, right? They say no. We drop down to the Gold package. They seem a little bit more open to it. But it seems like, you know, finances are the thing that's holding him back. Then we move into breakdown one. They potentially, but they still can't afford it. Objection handle further, re-ask with breakdown two. You know what mean? Maybe, you know, again, it's still a little bit too expensive. I need to think about it. need to run numbers, whatever. Okay, no worries. I do have this other option that comes down to, you know, again, that's the silver.
Imogen Harris: So then drop selling in from there. You know what mean? Yep.
Kyle Musca: Now, the way these payment structures are set up is to collect the deposit first, but it's set up around the repayments. So they're all set up, except for the silver one. Yeah, except for the silver one. They're all set up as $400 a month, $500 a month, and $600 a month.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Now, the reason I've done that, there's different ways you can do it. Some people do like two pays, three pays, and six pays and . I think that's  annoying because it's like different time periods.
Imogen Harris: And everything like that. And you have to like... I changed stuff around annually. I'm not a fan of that.
Kyle Musca: And I do want people on reoccurring subscriptions, right? Because it acts as a safety net, right? We don't, paid in fulls are nice. Don't get me wrong. But my ultimate goal is to get someone on a recurring payment if possible.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and with this, it does it both. So you'll get more than you're already getting as a paid in full, but then you also get a recurring thing. So it's like a win-win for you. So the reason I've set it up as $400, $500, and $600 a month is because anything higher than $600 a month, if they can't lay the deposit down, it is a massive, massive red flag that they don't have the disposable income. And even if they do sign initially, the odds of them saying, I want to cancel or just ghosting you after the first week become very, very high.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Just a, yeah. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah. So you won't really sell that one. We'll go straight onto the emerald. Sorry, the gold. So let's say it's 2K for three months. It's too expensive. Your objection handled. Cool. Well, and then this is how I frame it. I do work with a billing company. It works kind of like Afterpay, and that helps us just to break it down into smaller repayments. Would that be helpful for you? All right. So we want to bring on a billing company because the billing company is the bad guy. Anything to do with payments, it's like we want to push the load onto someone else. They're the bad guy in this situation. I'm just trying to help you get started. I'm just the coach here that's helping you reach your goals. They've got their own policies that we have to stick to, essentially. It also sets the tone for the rest of the program that this isn't a weekly subscription. The program is this amount for this time, and we're just going on repayments.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. So yeah, too expensive 2K. Okay. I can bring on a billing company. Would that make it a bit more reasonable? Yes. Cool. And then what I'll do, I won't... Show them this, but I'll like bring it up on my screen. Okay, cool. Let me just bring it up, have a look at what they've got. They've got their own breakdowns. Okay, cool. Yeah. So look, if we want to run with the three-month gold package, instead of $2,000 in one go, what we could do is, yeah, we could do just $1,200 instead. And then again, we wouldn't officially start till Monday. So you essentially get this entire week free. And then that would mean that the first repayment wouldn't be from like five weeks from now. So it's like ages away, right? And that would only be $400 a month from that point. So it makes it super easy on cash flow. Would that be a bit more reasonable to get started? Yeah, cool. Now, what I'm trying to do there is I'm trying to bring attention to how affordable the $400 a month is.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right? Yeah. And that's why I add that delay. We wouldn't officially start till Monday. The first repayment wouldn't be from five weeks because I'm trying to put as much separation from this number to this number as possible.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Does it make sense? Yes, no, whatever. Okay, cool. Again, and then you don't just drop price. So if they're like, oh, that's still a bit too expensive. You don't just be like, okay, cool. Well, we could do $1,000 instead. You know, in like, again, because if you do that, it's not justified. And they'll think like, why didn't you offer me that to start with? I'll start to feel like you're hiding other things. So objection handle first. And then it's like, okay, cool. Just having a look at what else they could. Yeah, cool. So, and again, we have to price anchor. So it's always really important to be conscious of price anchoring because if you do it wrong, it can ruin it. So what you do here is we're going to have to increase price somewhere because we're dropping price here, right? So we have to cover this first. Okay, cool. So instead of 400 a month, we could do this to 500 months. It's still super easy on cash flow. And that would actually save us 200 at the start. So instead of covering 1,200, we could. just do a K. So, yeah, you're going to save 200. Would that be a bit more reasonable to get started? Does that make sense?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Rarely will I get to this one. To be honest, usually I try and avoid this one. I'll usually just go straight into a downsell from that point. But this is really versatile because you can just keep bouncing around all over the place.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then, again, it will come with reps of just doing sales calls. But, like, let's say you sign someone on three-month gold package. I only ever do this after you collect payment, by the way. So, they put through the $1,200. But I'm just having a look here. It's completely up to you, but I'm just having a look. The six-month gold package, if you wanted to get started on that, it's only an extra $300. And then the repayments are the exact same. Would you want to go for that option instead?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, cool. So, if they feel fairly confident on that first one, then try. I can go from there and upsell them to the extra three months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you're kind of trying to say like, oh, it's only $300 extra, but you're not really vocalizing that it's still $400 for an extra three months.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Payments are the same. It's still the same monthly repayment.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, that's kind of a little bit more advanced. I wouldn't worry about that too much too soon. But, you once you do get it, it's good to just know that you can sort of bounce around all these different ones.
Imogen Harris: Do you think mainly offer, you think, the silver package situation? That would be the most applicable?
Kyle Musca: No, it actually works out to be best the gold because, again, it is only $300 extra difference. The silver is where I get a bit more flexible. So, the silver, the downsell option I always have so you can just go straight into a weekly repayment plan. So, I do have the structures here. You know, you cover $1,100, you cover $700, it's $400 a month after that. ideally, if you're going to run with a payment structure, I'd probably start with the lowest. Option first. Again, we always want to try and click more up front. But I'm a lot more flexible here because, you know, for example, you know, six months, one is realistically only $100 a week from the start anyway.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. Which is affordable for people to repay.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, cool, we can just go with that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The only other thing with this as well on the payment structures is it works really, really well for retention if you can get, you know, a larger deposit out of them first, because if they've paid $1,200 for the first month, the odds of them pulling out for the remaining two months because they have to repay $400 a month makes them feel like they're losing out, like they're just wasting a lot of money, right?
Imogen Harris: So they might as well see it through. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. In terms of like once, for example, they do like three months and they're about to finish up, how would you go about reoccurring them onto, would you go into like, do you try and do another three month pack? Or would you try to just transfer them into weekly payments or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that is a whole other rabbit hole itself because that's a whole process. But essentially, there's different ways to do it. If they're on a repayment, like they're paying $400 or $500 a month, and this is why I like getting them on a subscription, is if they don't bring up the end of their program, I'm not bringing up the end of their program. You know what mean? Like it's just, you can cancel. But you never told me you want to stop. Yeah. You know, worst comes to worst, you just refund someone. If they do get charged a four-month, then they're like, what the ? I thought we're only doing three months. It's an easy fit. Yeah. Majority of the time, people never bring it up. Like, you if they want to continue on, they'll happily continue on. If they want to cancel, they'll cancel.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah. Let me see.
Kyle Musca: I won't get into this right now. We'll see how we go. So when a client signs up, I do this. I get my coaches to do this client roadmap sheet with them. So this sets the tone for the next 12 months. It doesn't matter if they sign up for three months, they don't sign up for six months. We're setting the tone for the next 12 months, right? Now, with extensions, it's really important to understand that coaching is an information-based service, right? The number one reason people are going to drop off from you is because they feel like they've already got the information. They feel like they're confident enough to go and do it on their own, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this is where this comes in handy. So, you know, first, let's say someone comes to you and they need to lose like eight to 10 kilos, right? And you say it's going to take 12 weeks to do it, right? Cool. So, you know, the first phase is we're going to be just priming, making sure we build our foundations. And then we're going to go, once we've done all that, you know, we're going to do a aggressive eight-week cutting phase, right? Cool. From that, we should be hitting our milestone around that point, right? So we should be 55. So for instance, this last four weeks is where you're going to really start leaning out. That's where your body's really going to start kicking the . So we really need to take that period really, really carefully. And then we'll probably enter into a reverse diet. And this is super, super important because what ends up happening is a lot of people just go straight back into a bulk and they undo all the hard work they did and they just gain the weight right back. All right. So the reverse diet is a very unique phase. It needs to be handled very, very meticulously, however you word it, whatever. And we'll, you know, we'll cover that. We'll continue to reassess this, but that's probably going to last maybe two months, three months, however you want to say. And then we'll be in a peak gaining phase here where we, you know, really important to not add on too much fatty tissue, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Then from there, you know, we may go through a maintaining period. know you mentioned that a holiday coming up, whatever the  they say. And then we're going to go into another, you know, dieting phase. And this, again, whatever you say. We might take it more aggressively this time or again, whatever, however you were, right.
Imogen Harris: This helps visualize them the whole year and likely make them stay on as well.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I love that. Yeah, so they always know what's next, right? So that's one, planting the seed very, very early. And then I would come back to this every week or every fortnight at the latest and basically just keep tabs on them. We're in week two, we're in week four, X, Y, Z, and then have certain milestones. So, for example, week three to four is either a great time to ask for an initial program extension. You if they come to you and they say they need to lose, you know, 20 kilos, but they only sign up for three months, for example, you can be like, cool. Well, you know, obviously, and the reason we want to ask here on week three is because they should have had a win, right? They should have had lost some weight. So it should be on an emotional high. By that point, they should see the quality of the service. So they should feel, you know, good, connected with you guys, but they're not confident enough to go do it on their own, right? So it's a great time to make an ask for an extension, right? Especially if they're paid more. Because then you can kind of be like, well, you know, we can either look at, you know, dabbling in this at the end, or if it's easier on you, we could actually start, you know, repayments now, and that would bring it to like 60 bucks a week or whatever it ends up being, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yes, no, cool, whatever. Or it's a great time to ask for a referral. You know, you've obviously dropped two, three, four kilos, and you're absolutely killing it. I'm curious, like, who do you know that would also potentially be keen on you doing something like this?
Imogen Harris: It's always great to get friends involved. Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then the second milestone sort of pillar thing here is around that week eight to nine mark, right? So this is, you know, this is where two things should happen. One is you should start. So I'll probably start planting the seed really heavily in week eight or what's to come after week 12, right? Because that will give you four-ish, four or five weeks of you, like... Really drilling into them what is next, right? So it's really top of mind for them. And then, you know, if you do it for a week and then week nine, you may jump on and be like, hey, I just want to do a client satisfaction call or whatever you word it. And come at it from an angle of client satisfaction. How have been finding a program? Really reframe them onto all the value that they're getting for the program. And be like, look, you're absolutely crushing it. I'd love to, you know, see you continue on, keep killing it, X, Y, Z. Instead, I do have a loyalty program. I only offer it to girls that are actually like committing to the program and actually getting results. And to be honest, between you and me, girls that we actually want on the team because there's some girls that are absolutely my nightmare, right? You know, so I absolutely love having you part of the community. More than happy to offer that for you. If you want to do another, you know, six, another three months, instead of $2,000, with that loyalty rate apply to bring it right down, it's $1,500. So it's a lot more affordable the second time around.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Try and get them on that. And then if not, you've still got like four weeks to try and like continue to sell them.
Imogen Harris: And then you might have another one at week 12 if they don't buy on that. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yep. Do you feel like to bring up the, like, I guess, downsell in terms of payment, unless they've like have kind of gone on, maybe, maybe not, or just wait and see how it goes or don't automatically drop it or?
Kyle Musca: So you mean the loyalty, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would do there, there's a good point you did bring up there. I would add urgency into these two weeks, right?
Imogen Harris: So give them a reason why they have to take that deal now.
Kyle Musca: Because otherwise they'll be like, oh yeah, that's great. I'll just, you know, think about it for the next couple of weeks.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, cool. So yeah, usually that package is $2,000. But I'm currently running an internal challenge. Yeah. Whatever, loyalty rate, whatever you , you know, birthday wrap, nice, right? For this week only, where, you know, if you wanted to continue on, you could jump on that and it would just be $1,500. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that sounds great, but like I want to finish the rest of the program and then maybe reassess. Look, that's absolutely no stress at all. What we could do, just to be fully transparent, I can only offer it for this week only. So it's like if you do want to revisit the end of the program, I just wouldn't be able to offer it to you.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then, you know, at 12 weeks, if they didn't buy it, I'd be like, look, I really shouldn't be doing this. Don't tell anyone I did it, but I know I did offer it to you back then. If you want to, you know, continue on, we'll keep it. Yeah, I'll you chance to jump on that one. But after this point, I can't do it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And so from there, it's like we've had three opportunities already to try and upsell them.
Imogen Harris: Before we actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, before you need to, right? Because if you, if you do not. And then you just get to the end of the 12 weeks and it's like, oh, by the way, like, do you want to continue on for three months?
Imogen Harris: you're like,  no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. You know, you guys have been so helpful and handy and like I've learned so much from you and I'm so grateful and everything like that. But, you know, I feel like I want to go try it on my own now.
Imogen Harris: It's like, well, . Yeah. Yeah. No, okay, cool. No, that's all happy days.
Kyle Musca: So I'll you this as well.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then obviously just rebrand and stuff.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. It's happy days.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Imogen Harris: Nah. It's all really good. Got a lot. I think, so obviously I've got all like the new e-links and stuff, what I have now. Just keep all current clients on what's already happening with their payments and stuff like that. And then just create tears. all time. For Newey now, like new ones?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially. I wouldn't try and like change the pricing of what your current clients are on.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: get pissed off and drop off. And it's not like it was like, you know, 50, 60 bucks a week, I'll probably say, yeah. But it's a good baseline to have a good safety net with, you know, cash flow through your business at the moment.
Imogen Harris: So what I would do is, yeah, just go on to Newey. Newey is pretty easy that you can create new links on the fly with different pricing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Kind of customers to the individual.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So with that, that comes in the sales process. What I usually do is like say, here's the signup thing. And then I give them something to do, which will take like a minute or two. And that will give me time to go make a custom invoice for them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. Yep. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: That's the other key rule is make sure they always sign up on the phone. Like have that link.
Imogen Harris: They get off and then  nothing with it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because like, it doesn't matter how excited they sound. It doesn't matter if they've just told you that they're  40. 40. 40. Kilos of weight and super depressed and about to end their own life and that this was the thing that saved them. If they got off the phone, their brain is just going to naturally start telling them all the reasons why they shouldn't do it, even though they know that they absolutely should do it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah. No, that's perfect. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. What I'll do... So yeah, that's the first session.
Imogen Harris: I like to always cover the offer and stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Really good.
Kyle Musca: Really good. Um, what I'll do in the meantime is from here, we'll start going into all the marketing stuff. Um, what I'll, I'll just send you a few documents, um, just to understand your client avatar, um, your tonality, everything like that. And then from there, we'll start getting your marketing material done. Um, so I'll write scripts for you and everything like that, just to go film and we'll get some graphics.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Um, I've got Vaughn, Amber's partner. He, um, I was going to do it with him this week, but I knew that we were calling. So... I pushed it to the next week, so we kind of, the week after, whatever we need, just so that way, that can be solely focused on that as well.
Kyle Musca: Oh, perfect. Yeah. Yeah, I got born into the video stuff, so that's exactly how I like doing it.
Imogen Harris: Of course you did. Nah, yeah. So he's happy to do whenever, because I just said, I would assume we were going to do and need some stuff for that. So he was happy to do whenever for that, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Awesome. All right. Well, I'll write them for you. Yeah, that works out well. Usually I get graphics up first, just because they're quicker to turn around and usually respond a little bit better with lead.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I've got heaps of, like, photo shoot and team shoot individual photos if you need them anyway, so that's easy done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, cool. All right, well, I'll get all that stuff across to you. Is there anything else you want to touch base on about AM today or whatever?
Imogen Harris: That was better. Go back and read it, everything, and just reiterate it all, and then, nah, that's much more than I thought we were going to do today, so that's awesome.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome. If you do have any questions at any point, Always feel free to sing out.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. All right. Enjoy the rest of our chat soon.
Imogen Harris: You too. All right. Sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Bye. Bye.


>>> 79/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-04T04:47:00Z | id:119531365
People: Kyle Musca

jese Smith-shields: Some pretty big deals. This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: What was that last part this week?
jese Smith-shields: We got ticking over pretty nicely, actually. So the close rates definitely increased. The CO dashboard's probably going to be off again. I tried getting an understanding of it myself so I could try and explain it to her as best as I could. Is there any possible chance of getting your VA to link up with her so she does have that sort of understanding of it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
jese Smith-shields: Because I tried doing it and yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Give me two seconds. Just trying to get this  thing to come through. We'll quickly power through that. Just look in here. What about the CO dashboard where you're sort of getting caught up on?
jese Smith-shields: Just the whole backdating of the data and where to actually pull the correct data from. Because obviously it's quite... ... ... ... It's quite fragile. If one of them's out, they're all out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. I'm just looking at base numbers. First, 27 calls booked, total revenue, 25 grand. Is that cash collected?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's not bad, man.
jese Smith-shields: That's on pace to make 100 grand a month. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Through that time as well, it  good, bro. I found across a lot of accounts, like, it was just a  trash time, like, I think, end of January. So that's really good.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Booked 28. So show-up rate was  insane.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, show-up rate's definitely kicked up a notch.
Kyle Musca: And then closer at 33. So, cool. All right. I'm 26. might as well delete 2025. There's no point in having that there. Okay, cool. What are we looking at? Week four here. Yeah. So when you're getting hundreds of percentages, that's a perfect red flag.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. We're just a show to your screen across.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I'm sharing it now. Perfect. So, Which number is it specifically that you're getting put on?
jese Smith-shields: Majority, I'm to be completely honest with you. I'm not much of a numbers guy, if I'm really honest with you. As soon as numbers start getting piled up, my head starts going everywhere.
Kyle Musca: I mean, to be fair, doesn't look off. Oh, look. Does it? Not too bad. The biggest thing is probably the fact that the many chat compared to the meta ones different. And again, we'll find out in a second, but I'd say that's probably maybe a date issue because it's not very far off. Cool. Also, just to update you here, creating this new leads campaign, which should theoretically optimize better around the actual lead instead of the results.
jese Smith-shields: So we'll see how that goes, but meta's been  bugging out and just been  me off. I was about to pull out my hair trying to figure out how to fix that out the other day.
Kyle Musca: This isn't even like just one of the annoying things that they do. It's just like, it's giving me, like I literally posted it before, like literally before this call and it let me do it on your account. There's been having... across multiple accounts where it's like, I'll try and upload it and it'll give me an error that doesn't even exist. It's like not even a thing. So it's just a blatant bug. Cool. So what's the dates from here? We're going from the 4th to the 28th. So that's from the 28th today. So I assume that's from the 28th to the 3rd then essentially.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So. We've got an 18 here. So that's correct. I'm pretty sure. That's manage 18. That's perfect. Filter. All fine. Seeing a second here. Subscribed. After the 28th. You're on. I'm. I'm. I'm. Okay. If we click that, 21. So I'd say that's kind of the difference there. So that's 21. Maybe it was like a little bit.
jese Smith-shields: You may have even done the ones that came in this morning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd say that's probably it because if we do that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then it's 22.
jese Smith-shields: did only just a couple hours ago.
Kyle Musca: 22. 22. So even that's a little bit high. I'm not sure where she got 24 from. If we do that, 133%. Now, the other thing is, now what I'm kind of thinking is potentially happened here. I want to get rid of this. But I'd say. I want to get rid of this. Thank you. I'd say potentially you're booking in some part-time students. Have you been, is the set of booking in students as well still as long as they have a job?
jese Smith-shields: They're still going through the qualification course. That's more decided of if they're really biting into the conversation. If that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And then, and these are ad bookings, hey, this 28, because you separate the organic?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'd say what's happening there, again, we could play around with it to figure it out. But I'd say you're probably getting some calls booked off the students if they're qualified. So if we duplicate that, go live chat, and then we go. Bye. Tag, part-time student. That's maybe something you want to suss out.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, very sussed out.
Kyle Musca: Have you sussed that one out?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that's been sussed out as well. There's a few that go through on that $19 one. Thank Um, that's just almost not even worth doing, if I'm really honest.
Kyle Musca: As long as it's sort of passive and stuff, they're kind of retarded.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, that's 13 days ago, so that's probably getting a little bit. It's interesting. Do you know, are there any calls being booked off students?
jese Smith-shields: I haven't taken any personally. Let me, um, let me note that down now and I'll see where she's actually got that 24 from as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because the only difference is like, so in your calendar, do you have two different calendars that are booked from ads versus booked organic?
jese Smith-shields: No. Right.
Kyle Musca: So that's what I would do is. Is. Yes.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Just duplicate it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, literally just duplicate it and change colors just so you can clearly, oh wait, that's , clearly see. So the red ones for me are organic and then the blue ones are from ads. And then greens are, I think organic, but manually booked. Yeah, so greens are still organic, but the set has manually booked them.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So like that's what I would do just to, yeah, differentiate very clearly which and where people have been booking in from.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, that may, that may help it as well then.
Kyle Musca: See how that goes. Overall, I mean, it doesn't look too far off.
jese Smith-shields: Like, you know, it's just really that 28 that's throwing it out. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, we just need to see where those other six leads have come from. But at 25, 26, return on investment's pretty  good there. So, yeah, happy, happy days there, bro. Okay, cool. Is there anything... Anything that you want to sort of like specific that you want to cover in this call?
jese Smith-shields: No, was just probably just more getting some clarification around that one because I know that she's also stressing out about it as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Otherwise, booking, that would have been automated, 27. That's good. That's all total sales made, nine.
jese Smith-shields: So that could still be better.
Kyle Musca: I really want to see that at like 40. But again, like even just getting it from  20 to 30, bro, you can see the massive difference that's made. Like that, that, I mean, that was less there, but like even just like, yeah, from that 13% there, man, that added , you know, over 10, 13 grand, 13%. I didn't say, based off that every percent, you can increase that. It's another $1,000 in your pocket there. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: He seems like he's getting a lot more confident within, obviously, yeah. Packages and services as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, one thing I've heard from like Bree and I think the trainings they've done with him is he's quite sort of robotic, I think. So I think, you know, with time and experience that will come a bit better. But Bree's sort of taking calls for herself again, though, because she's like kind of at capacity. So Marcus can kind of work into that main setting position for you.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, I've gotten rid of the other two. So it's just me and Marcus at the moment. take pretty much any overspill.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Cool. Now, the other thing I reckon we do on this call, bro, is we build out your automation for and prep for the lead magnet, because I've got that on my cards to write up.
jese Smith-shields: So we might as well just get this built out and ready. Yeah, I understand.
Kyle Musca: Now, what we're going to do is we're going to do.
jese Smith-shields: Did you want me to give you access to the Shields fit one or did you want to run it through Kiana's?
Kyle Musca: Oh, true. Nah, either or. Either or. I'll still build this because once I have it on this account, I can just easily transfer it straight over.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: I'll jump on that. Lead max. Page. And have you got the capi and all that stuff set up through Fitchields?
jese Smith-shields: No, I haven't yet. I've been too flat out to actually message, what's his name? Mike? Is it Michael?
Kyle Musca: Uh, yes.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, whole message in straight after this.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so what we're going to do here is we're going to get rid of pretty much everything. then all this . Now, I wanted to build this with you too, so you can like understand what I'm doing here.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Shouldn't take long. It should be like basically the exact same like qualification settings. same. do I Thank Now we're going to be, it's pretty much all around weight loss, eh?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, massive majority of, or a whole lead magnet, yeah, is weight loss.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, cool. So that's what we're going to do. So we're going to change this wording. Hey, lovely. Oh, hey, Michelle, love that you're, love that you're, and you can kind of come in and reword this, but. Um, you , that you're, love that you're, um, love that you're, looking to a . Thank you. What I did actually, what it might be easier to do, though, I've already built something like this before. Yeah, what I'm going to do is, I'm just going to duplicate this in there, because it'll be easier.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Convert channels. Channels, ah, you  up. Duplicate. You  up. go. Okay, wait one. Um, maybe I don't have the, maybe she hasn't given me the settings for it, that's okay, I can just copy this. What's your sort of bold promise? Is it like 8 kilos in 4 weeks?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it's 10 kilos in 90 days.
Kyle Musca: 10 kilos plus over the next 90 days. We're all on one. And then again, I'm just going to cover this as well. There's 10 kilos. 10 kilos. 14. 12. Thank you. I'm going to do that. I'm going to not put the actual tangible thing there because then it doesn't make sense why we're asking anything over 10 kilos. I'm just going to say lose weight and tone up, but you can obviously come in and change that accordingly after. This is my client. Again, I'm just going to copy it from this because I already wrote this. This is Jazz. What is, what are you calling this? Like, what are you calling that?
jese Smith-shields: The Learning Hub.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would slap a name on it that sounds cool.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And what I would also do for these is I would probably put this above that so they read that first and then see that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I love that. can definitely help you there. I'm going to say, again, this is sort of body recomp one. So I'm just going to say six kilos. Okay, that's using the... All right, so again, I'm just going to leave it name. So like when you call the series, whatever.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right, six kilos. And then obviously you have to come in and actually change. There's obviously people. What do you feel like you're struggling with most of them? I'm going to say, I'm going to try and write me, let's group these, it doesn't really matter, but if I could do it again, I'll do this. Structure slash accountability, accountability, oh, that's annoying.
jese Smith-shields: Routine?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, we'll that. it. Structure, routine, knowledge, guidance can say the same. Thank you. So once it's 10 to 15, 10, yeah, 10 to 20, so we'll get 15 kilos. So again, using, using, name, select it there for you. Cool, and then we'll, no way before I do that. The other thing with these is when you come in to update it, just make sure it doesn't really matter, but just that main struggle to, you know, obviously what it is.
jese Smith-shields: Yep.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't really make the world of difference, but just keep it nice and clean. you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Are you still getting a lot of underage girls?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I feel like we still do. I had a 14-year-old try and get into the conversation the other day.
Kyle Musca: I've had an 8-year-old before.
jese Smith-shields: Really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's definitely improving, which is good, but still not. We'll definitely should add it in there. My only concern with this is if is if they think that we're not going to send them something because they say under 21, they might lie. It should because if they're under 21 now, they immediately get disqualified down there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, basically.
Kyle Musca: I doubt under 21 year olds will be working full time. So there's two things we can do here. One is we could could could We We could We We We We could just remove it completely and go off working full-time. Or we could figure out how to ask this without scaring, like without them lying.
jese Smith-shields: Do we need to know if they're under 21 or over 21 if we already know that they're working full-time, part-time, or not working?
Kyle Musca: No, not necessarily because that's the more important one.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then what we're going to do is try and optimize for leads anyway. So it should see that they're working full-time and be like, cool, let's optimize for more people like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I think to start with, let's just do job qualifier.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then it's like, if it becomes a problem, then we can... Fix it. I can't just bulk do this as  annoying. Now, this is where you'd need someone, I've got a guy that can actually help you with this. But, this is just, so we're from conversion API qualified. to testag intelligibility, a Again even sorry. you lines up, do That should be fine like that. So, what we would do here is, now there's two ways we could do this, is if you just want to start the conversation, right, we can do this. So, it's like, here's the link, have fun, and you just come in and conversate after. Issue with that is, you don't collect their contact information, right? So, it's easier, I guess, to set up, but you just don't collect their contact information.
jese Smith-shields: So we've got it set up as they need to give their first name and email to actually get into the learning hub.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Perfect. Well, that's  fine. Yeah. Okay. Well, that solves that issue. Because what I was going to say is you could be like, cool. Fantastic. think this will, based off your answers, this will suit you best. What's the best email to send it through to? But if you're going to do that, then you can just kind of bypass that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which would mean we go straight into, thanks for sharing that. Yeah. Thanks for sharing that. Tell me, think the name. So with this as well, I mean it doesn't really matter to be honest but you know if you've got a mini course series or something like that you know and like let's say they said they're struggling with you'd have to put conditions in here this probably makes it a bit more complicated but you know if they're struggling with nutrition training and you have specific ones around nutrition training you might be like I think it'd be best to start here whereas structure and routine I think it'd be best to start here but you'd have to put conditions in there and then like split it and that's probably a little bit more work than it's worth to be honest. yeah I know it's so you better bypass that for now yeah um so what we're gonna do here is link where is link you have to create a new one actually play data collection Don't... Do you have the link on file to it?
jese Smith-shields: To the Learning Hub?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, it's so annoying. Can you send me the URL, please?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, do you have one where it kind of bypasses that?
jese Smith-shields: Like, you don't have to click on it?
Kyle Musca: Because we don't want to collect everyone's.
jese Smith-shields: Not currently.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. So, okay. I mean, so you'd want to split it anyway, because otherwise it'll be going through that one and you wouldn't be able to, like, build out your emailing list based off qualified versus unqualified leads. So, depends, like, long-term, you know, you could just tag them as unqualified, I mean, yeah, unqualified if you wanted to sell, like, low ticket through copywriting and everything like that, like email copywriting. Otherwise, for, again, just to keep things nice and simple and just so we can get really pure data, I would just have it so this link, you know, it's like, here you go, gain access free, and they have to put in their data, whereas the other one, it's just, like, here you go, and it's just direct straight to the website.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, yeah, now that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So.
jese Smith-shields: That should be pretty easy just to duplicate everything that we've done there, just have no, sort of, access to it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'm going to delete this one, put that there, and then I'm going to remove this URL. And. So. And. I'm just going to do that just to remind us, right? Yep. That's not going to go anywhere. Cool. Cool. Not working. So that's going to be the same, essentially. BlackMate. Yeah, so you just have to add up to those two.
jese Smith-shields: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Oh, . I'm just going to add this URL for now. Would you prefer me to add URL or just remove the button for now?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, just add it and then I can come in and change it.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yep, cool. Make sure that's turned off. Yeah, okay, cool. So, yeah, that should work very nicely. So, yeah, obviously, you just have to come in and update it a little bit.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that's pretty much ready to go from that point onwards. And then, yeah, what I'm doing this week is I'm just sort of refining and scaling the new content that we got out for Kiana. Trying a few different things out there. And then I'm going to work on getting these scripts done. And you. For her. And then we'll run it as a lead magnet. We could try both accounts, but we'll ideally try and get it through ShieldsFit.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I think through ShieldsFit will probably work a little bit better, if I'm honest, anyway, with that sort of messaging.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you'll just need to obviously get Mark to set the conversion API up. And then what we'll do, I think it must be the actions, because let's see if I can do it here. Yeah, convert, duplicate to another channel. So, yeah, once we add that, I can just duplicate that straight in.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. The other thing, man, is how's your DM city going?
jese Smith-shields: The one in Shields.
Kyle Musca: Book into the... Yeah, so in this one. I mean, it seems to be really good, depending on the numbers.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, she is pretty good. I find that some days she's pretty slow. Oh. Hope into it. Yeah. A Thank you. But yeah, I'm open to other options if you are thinking something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I'm currently doing is I've found a way to sort of source experience setters, and they work off a flat rate, so there's no comms added onto it. And the good thing about that is like you basically can like train them exactly how you want them to be trained, and they get really good at, you know, your terminology and your demographic because they're not working across heaps of different accounts.
jese Smith-shields: It's just yours.
Kyle Musca: Now, typically that's about 10 USD an hour, just flat rates, so no comms on top of it. However, what I'm doing is I'm trying to pair, you know, two coaches' accounts with the same demographic and terminology and everything like that. So it would be basically the exact same tonality and everything. And that would basically split it from $10 USD flat as a solo unit into $6 USD each for shared hours, if that makes sense. So it's like if they work in your account. Yeah. Not their account, then it's like still 10 USD. But if it's like same hours, which it should be, then it'll be 60 USD.
jese Smith-shields: Wow, , that's a lot cheaper than what we currently got.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I was like, that's pretty  good. So I'm going to plug it into my account with another guy. I'm helping. She's already in his account. It will obviously be a different set up, but she seems quite good already. So, yeah, that is an option if you want to suss that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'd probably be pretty keen on that, to be honest with you, because it's hitting me up constantly for obviously the extra commissions on it.
Kyle Musca: And I'm always a bit slow to add them on. Yeah, yeah. So, and then a good thing about that is like you can set them up. So maybe this is something we can chat about now, actually, if you want, is I've got to say like when someone, how do you reach out to people once they fill in an inquiry form?
jese Smith-shields: Well, it's the truth. Shoot them. I try and find out what page they actually came from. So I have to find out if they came from Kiana's or Shields. If they came from Kiana's, I've pretty much just sent them a message off Kiana's, and then Kamei normally takes over that conversation anyway, and then vice versa, because I've currently got a DM set up in Shields as well, and I send them a message, and then I send her the screenshot of what her form was, and then she carries on the conversation.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so for anything like that, where you're of differentiating where they've come from, I would just create a duplicate, either booking, or in that case, a form. So it's like one's Kiana's, one's just Shields. That would make your life easier. Then, so what I do is, you can hook it up in GoHighLevel, and this is like, again, where Setter comes into play handy massively, because as long as you've got their, you know, phone number, then essentially the Setter can like, just message straight off GoHighLevel and do a DM set like normal.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Does that... Yeah, okay. Yeah, I'd probably already have that because we get quite a lot of forms recently, if I'm honest with you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like just to quickly show you, like if I can go here, go into this one. So, yeah, he filled out the form and then I just reached out by SMS. Hey, brother, it's Kyle Muscle. So, hey, it's Kiana. Just having food. My coaching application, so you're potentially keen to get some help. Before we jump the gun, I just want to run through some things to see if we could fit, and then, like, straight into the, like, normal setting process.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. And that's just all straight through message, text?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, because I do find that I'll message some people on Instagram, and they'll just completely ghost.
Kyle Musca: So, the issue with Instagram is if they don't have, like, if they're a private account or their messaging setup is set, then you would just go straight to requests.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I noticed.
Kyle Musca: Not ideal, so the text would just go straight through.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, okay. No, that's a good one, actually.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, so that's something we may even look at potentially doing for you, because, like, as you can see here, these red ones are all people that have, like, came through organically, and it's, like, they're qualified. Thank They said working full-time, and it just takes them straight through to a calendar link or like a booking link that they can just manually book in themselves.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. So with your qualified leads, they just get straight to a booking calendar?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. They go straight to the option to book a Okay.
jese Smith-shields: And you've done that through JotForm?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You'd be able to set up through Typeform. So it's the form itself first, and then you just set up conditional logic. So it basically says if they answer this, then it takes them to this URL, which is the booking. If it answers no, like they're not working full-time, whatever, it's like mine says we're full. Here's a low-ticket option you can buy.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. That's something I need to look into then as well.
Kyle Musca: So we can suss that.
jese Smith-shields: I do find that my show rate is a little bit lower if they do just book straight from the front line.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so do you have the automation set up, like with it?
jese Smith-shields: In what sort of sense?
Kyle Musca: So whenever you do that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, they still go into the same flow, but getting them onto the call is a lot higher percentage of them not showing up if they just book straight from the coaching floor instead of having that conversation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what you could, I mean, always do from there is like if you have, anyway, what you could do is like, you know, let's say you come in here, the set of seats and new booking come in, they could always reach out and be like, hey, you know, Jess, I saw you booked in a call for Wednesday and then basically go into the post-booking flow then and there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, no, that makes sense. Like, kind of just, whenever that sort of thing happens, you just want to kind of try and add in like a little bit of personalization. Yeah, yeah, that's what I was trying to do as well, just through a different.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so from that, because all the, yeah, all the reminder texts will come from the same number as your actual texts. Yeah. So it's, you know, and you wouldn't need much there. just be like, hey, Jess, you know, I saw you booked in the call. You might even want to say like, you know, you could even, you could go basically straight off the script. So it'd be like, just wanted to check. I'm just scheduling, you know, what would be a good idea?
jese Smith-shields: I'm just, I'm just planning my calendar for that day. Just want to check. Are you going to be able to a hundred percent make that time? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then just go straight into the post booking flow. Cool.
jese Smith-shields: It'll be on Google Meet. Here's the link. Yada, yada, yada. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: That's easy. I think if you did that, your show up rate would be like really  high.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Any other questions on that, on that stuff?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm pretty good. I'm pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Sick. I mean, I, is the mini series, is that fully done now? Is that ready to go?
jese Smith-shields: I'm just. Making some fine-tune adjustments on the actual page in itself, and then we're ready to go.
Kyle Musca: Okay, what I reckon we'll do there as well is we'll get graphics up sooner. It will take, you know, just the process of me writing scripts, getting filmed, getting meted, will take a little bit. So we'll just get graphics up. I find they work really  well anyway. I reckon do three different types of graphics just so we can split test. One is just like a normal, you know, Keanu one, like how we normally do them, but it's just instead of, DME for, you know, coaching, it's like DME, if you want the access, DME  mastermind or mini course, whatever you end up saying the trigger word is. The second one, I would kind of do like the social proof ones where it's got like the little image instead of the transformation. So exactly the same as what I just said is essentially, but you actually have the cover of the photo on there. So people can see it, like pretty much exactly the same as the social proof ones instead of the transformations cover. And then the third one I would say try to is... Is, um... Is, um... More of a professional style. Have you seen, like, how Clean Health does them?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, I have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so something like that, which Lucky can do.
jese Smith-shields: Lucky's actually pretty good at doing those ones. He's not good at doing that.
Kyle Musca: But he's good at that. And just to test them. Now, with those, because we're not trying to put, we'll put less wording on screen, ideally, just because we're not trying to, like, you know, get them super emotional or anything. We just want them to pick up a freebie, so it's easy to get them to raise their hand. I would recommend trying to do them in a four by five aspect ratio, so we can put them on feeds as well. Because right now, we can't put the vertical ones on feeds, because it'll cut off the text. But if we do it there, we can put them both, and it'll just give us a little bit more flexibility.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that, yeah, I see how that works. Easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. When I write scripts... So I'll write graphic content, but like they're pretty simple. So if you want to do them as well, just to get them up and we can turn it around quicker.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I understand. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, yeah. Awesome, bro. All right. Good stuff. Good things coming along. And we'll just keep pushing it. Let's try and aim for a six-figure month. How about that?
jese Smith-shields: I think we came, I think I did it in December, but not in the one account. So I didn't see the 100K tick over.
Kyle Musca: All right. Okay.
jese Smith-shields: It was like 97 in Nui and then it was about four in Strut, but it didn't particularly count.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that doesn't look as good on the photo.
jese Smith-shields: It doesn't.
Kyle Musca: I think I got mine to like 99.9 or something.
jese Smith-shields: was actually ridiculous. was like, what the  is that? It was like a kick in the dick because it was like so much money, but you're like, oh, . You're like, why can't you just tick over?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, 100%. Yeah, we'll get that. think the direct stuff's going along really well, so if we get this in place, man, like you should just be  killing it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, 100%. Too easy, appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: No worries, bro. I will chat to you soon. Too easy. Cheers. Cheers, bye.


>>> 80/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-04T05:59:57Z | id:119535330
People: Kyle Musca

Meg Tovey: So calendar week, I've only had two calls booked. Well, three. One was organic. Oh, I don't know until I'm on the call if they're, like, proper organic or, like, kind of booked themselves in from ads. One of them that I have done, the only one I've done, signed up, and then I've got the other one after this call. And then the other one's rescheduling because she couldn't do that time. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: I think I put in my check-in thing about, like, with the ads, like, getting a better understanding of how they're performing. But I actually was thinking about that. And I was thinking probably what would be more beneficial for me is to, like, I guess, understand what problems will arise if we were to, like, if I was to say, okay, I want 20 booked calls. Next week. Obviously, ad spend would need to increase. But I guess the question for you is like, what do I need to do? Or what problems would come up if we were to just do that now?
Kyle Musca: So, good question. One is, so one, I think that in terms of the calls being like less than they usually are, I would probably contribute that to being sort of like creeping towards the back into February there. Sorry, January. Because I saw like across a lot of people's accounts, you know, either like pretty much conversion metrics just dropped in terms of leads, like cost per leads started to creep up a bit, close rates weren't there, etc, etc, etc. I think that's probably just a seasonal, you know, psychological thing of people. And then ever since it's ticked over into February, from what I can see, it's starting to improve both in mine and other people's businesses. Now, in terms of getting like, let's say, 20 calls booked, one, obviously, AdSpan would need to climb up there a little bit more and would need to make sure that we're getting a really nice winning performing ad.
Meg Tovey: So if we break into your CEO dashboard, let me pull that up real quick. Also, just because probably need this for context, I did go through, I think I said on my check-in that I hadn't done it, but I did it late last night. I went through all the convos, or maybe it was this morning, I don't  remember. But the problem is actually like 90% of the people that are getting to the end of the flow are just not replying once the setter gets in to send a message. So she's doing three follow-ups, or like initial, like, hey, like, hope you're having a great day, and then starting the flow. Once she sees it come through in whatever her next shift is, and then two follow-ups, and then that's it. And, like, honestly, 90% of the ones I looked at in the last seven days were just not replying to any of those. So it wasn't, like, a problem with the conversation.
Kyle Musca: Okay. You mentioned the conversations that were happening were pretty decent. You mentioned there was a lot of in there as well?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Although, like, I did sign up one Indian yesterday. So, I'm, like, they're annoying because they're unpredictable. And, like, also, I kind of feel bad because, like, this is a bit weird. But, like, I kind of feel bad giving my new coach, like, all these Indian clients that, like, you can't, it's hard to build good rapport with and stuff. Like, they're just not the type of, like, we don't, you know what I mean? Like, we want clients that align with us.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, 100%. So, let's just have a look at here.
Meg Tovey: So they're all like this.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that was the error framework.
Meg Tovey: That was that too.
Kyle Musca: I'm thinking potentially, maybe, it could be because you're directing them to a podcast. And they just don't feel. Like they're getting the value out of it just because everyone knows podcasts are free, not because it's actually like more valuable. Do you have a weight loss masterclass or anything like that?
Meg Tovey: Yes, I've got one that's very heavily about tracking macros though.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, I mean, it would.
Meg Tovey: It like, so the first part of it, it goes for 40 minutes. The first part of it talks, like basically debunks your metabolism is not . And then it goes into how to like identify your maintenance calories to be able to set yourself up for a good fat loss phase. But like I could just create a new freebie if we just switched it to the goal setting guide or something.
Kyle Musca: I don't know. Yeah, the goal setting guide would be good. I think a fat loss masterclass or something like that would work fantastically here. So this is something that we had to. Speak about last week is getting all these like presentation documents into your thing. Because as you can see here, like I got it to do like full tonality and everything like that as well. So I've gotten to the point where I basically just gave it the tonality and I said like rewrite essentially that. And it would just spit me out the entire sort of masterclass to a really good degree. So I reckon like we could redo the exact podcast as a masterclass pretty easily because we've got all the notes that we use for the podcast. Yeah, like this would be like so easy. I made this because I was like, if it's complicated and takes too much time, I'm just not going to  do it. Um, so this is like, you can literally just say, so what I would do here, like for me is I'm going to do. Research a specific topic and then chuck it in there and be like, cool, create me a masterclass on this or create me a presentation on this. And it has all the information just to like go for it. So I think that's potentially like, obviously there's no data to really say that, but I think that that's potentially what's happening. Because if someone feels like they've gotten something of like good value, they're going to be like pretty sort of thankful and gracious to you enough to at least have a conversation with you, right? And then like in terms of the cost per lead and everything like that on the sustain trigger word, it's like fantastic, right? And that's something we should probably differentiate now, just looking at that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I was just thinking. How many direct ones have we gotten?
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, your direct one, I mean, it's not bad from the cost per lead perspective.
Meg Tovey: Because that was working well before we introduced the freebie, so I don't want to, like, stop that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so let me just finish flow. This is the sustainment, Qualify, lead-man qualified. So that will help us just differentiate those a little bit more. Just keep doing that. Cool. And then what I would do, what's your, like, where you have, Let's say you put a masterclass video on a URL. What website hosting thing are you using?
Meg Tovey: Wix.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: I can show you how I've set it up before.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So there's two and have you got Go High Level yet?
Meg Tovey: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So this is probably where Go High Level would make sense. As long as you've got kind of some kind of automation thing here. So a few different ways we could go about this. One is like, let's just say we do the masterclass or whatever our lead magnets are going to be. The qualified. There's a few different options. So one option is we could go, if they're qualified, it's like, cool. I think that, yeah. So let's say, let's just use the error framework for this. The error framework's going to suit you like fantastically. What's the best email to send it through to? So there's that option where like we try and grab the email in ManyChat and just like send it to them. You know, we would have to have an automation set up so it sends them straight to it on email. Now, the reason we kind of want to do that is you can chuck in like a, you give a delay then. So which means you can chuck in like a VSL or something, right? Which basically means like, but then it kind of doesn't make sense. You could do like a two-minute like VSL or something where you basically be like, you know, along with, you know, this. Along with, again, this is where you'd need the setting call, so I wouldn't even do it there. But you could do like along with, you know, the masterclass, we also like want to, we also offer like a free 10-minute strategy call just to sort of help map things out and practically apply it to your life or whatever. And you'd basically have to do a phone set. So that would have been. This would take up a little bit more time. The other option there is you could, I'm just trying to think like what would be the simplest way because I don't like over-complicating things. Yeah, that's a little bit more complicated and you'd have to set up CRMs and everything like that. What I would probably recommend doing here is instead have it so we still send them to the link, like here's get access, but then the landing page itself has a quick opt-in form, just like name, email, and then access it, right?
Meg Tovey: How is this like fixing the fact that they're not replying to the...
Kyle Musca: So this is just to collect, well, one, we want to collect their information. Like this is just a collecting information thing. I would say from that perspective, from what it would look like is it's just... They just don't feel like they're getting enough value. Like they're feeling kind of...
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. So I can change the lead magnet. And then the, like, just so I have like a clear understanding of how the direct ads are working, like if they're still performing well, because I feel like a lot of the ones we just clicked on, they're like all the lead magnet ones.
Kyle Musca: But I want to keep the direct ones going because they were working well before we introduced the lead magnet. Yeah. So the direct ones are still working well. So this is more so this one. The videos weren't pulling through as well as I'd like. So I turned them off. Those aren't the progress ones. But in terms of the actual lead magnet, sorry, the direct graphics. Your main one's pulling through it. Yes. $40 cost per lead. Turn that one off because it wasn't pulling through. This one hasn't quite had, like, the rest haven't had a huge spend to really do anything with, right? This one is technically doing a cost per result good, but it's just not converting into leads. But in terms of that, pardon?
Meg Tovey: Why does cost per result work but not lead? Like, is that when they don't finish the flow?
Kyle Musca: Or they're just not qualified. So the problem is, yeah. So the problem with this, and this is something I'm sort of, like, working out in the back end and everything, but there's a lot of  bugs with meta, is optimizing more so for a cost per lead rather than the cost per result. Because right now, it's technically operating off the cost per result. And we can kind of just see, you know, if there's quality leads on the back end of that. The leads don't necessarily, aren't a huge sort of positive driver for it to continue retargeting, if that makes sense. So it's like we could have one sitting at like $23, let's just do $20 and $40, where this just happens to be a cost per result of $20. So Meta's like, cool, let's keep pumping that. And we've kept it open because the cost per lead is, you know, good, right? Just happens to be good. It's just targeting the right people off that ad. Whereas we can get something like, you know, this one, for example, where the cost per result's actually good. Meta's seeing that and like, cool, let's put all our money on this. That's why I turned it off. But it's not targeting the right type of people pulling through the lead, right? So one thing I am doing now, and I'll do it right now just to make sure that you can, your accounts are activated for it.
Meg Tovey: And the only reason I haven't done this- them all up onto individual ad sets.
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
Meg Tovey: Like if you set them all up separately and then you could set the budget for each of them individually.
Kyle Musca: So that's how I used to do it. Um, but the issue with that is Meta's Andromeda, um, The update has made it really heavily geared towards the AI algorithm figuring it out. So what it basically does is it does work really, really well when you do it this way. It's seen the problem with meta forever is if it just gets hooked on a bad sort of demographic because meta is trying to look good on paper, right? So it's like if someone sees like $10 cost per result, like,  yeah, this ad's performing so well when reality is performing like absolute , right? But meta doesn't care. It's just like, cool, we got your result. I'm going to charge you. So what this does, and they've only recently brought this back. Perfect. And the only reason, yeah, so your account's already set up with, which is great. I've been trying to do this on my accounts and everything like that, but there's a  bug in it. doesn't let me upload it. So the only reason I haven't like fully done a, like that new structured campaign with yours yet is one, because we haven't got any new creatives and I'd have to add more ad spend to, you know, do it. And the creators we do have at the moment are theoretically pulling through good numbers. So when we come into this is the progress one, this is the direct one, you can see that for that still pulling in $46 cost per lead, right? Not heaps of ad spend on it. That's why we haven't got more leads through that, right? So I can scale these ads up a little bit more if you're happy with that. But realistically, if it's sitting, if a cost per lead for a direct response thing is sitting within the 40s, it's like that's a very, very healthy number.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then the other thing here is it's sharing the budget with the sustained one. So, you know, you can see running under $30 cost per lead. So it's like we're getting good qualified people for that. If we can get that to work, you know, we're essentially saving 50% cost per lead off a good or already like good cost per lead.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like it's showing that the proof of concept is there. From what I'm briefly looking at from what you're telling me, would, again, it just kind of comes down to they're probably just not seeing the full value in the lead magnet itself, which I think we'll figure out, we'll see with the goal-setting guide as well because that's probably a little bit more value-driven for them to do. And then if we do a masterclass, again, same thing, it's an actual value-driven educational piece.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Which the podcast is as well, but everyone knows podcasts are free, right?
Meg Tovey: So it's like. What's the thing you were just doing before, the test thing?
Kyle Musca: So that's a different campaign optimization sort of thing, right? So it's like when I create a new campaign. So this one is set for engagement. And meta always changes its structures and how it goes about it. Leads and everything like that. Because we have the conversion API, it didn't used to do this. They took it away, but they've been playing around with them. They seem to have brought it back. So this one is set up for engagement, right? Which is basically going off cost per result. So its optimization metric is anyone and everyone who clicks on that button to send a message, that is a outcome for us, that we achieved our job. Which is why if it gets hooked on a, you know, bunch of Indians or a bunch of people that don't work or just really  leads, it can get really aggressively hooked on that. Now, theoretically, if we can do the cost per lead and meta doesn't bug out and actually lets me  post it, then it's conversion metric will switch from cost per result more to cost per actual lead. And it'll be able to read the lead, the people that actually come through as a lead starter and try and find more people like that. Okay. So theoretically, if it works. It should be a much better optimization tool. But again, I'm trying to post on my account. can't post anything because it's given me a bug that doesn't exist or like an error that doesn't exist.
Meg Tovey: So will that be for both the sustain one and the direct?
Kyle Musca: Same thing because we bring them through a ManyChat flow to qualify the right type of people.
Meg Tovey: But I mean like resetting up the campaign to that new way, is that for both of them?
Kyle Musca: I will when there's new stuff to get in there. Like I'm not going to, the only reason I haven't done it now is because your cost per leads are good. Like they're sitting pretty healthy for the most part. Like I'm turning ones off that are getting aggressively hooked on the bad ones. But like what I'm waiting for is the goal setting guide. I will create a new, I will try and put it up as this new type of campaign.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. So that all makes sense. What do I need to do to be able to scale the ad budget in a way that makes sense to be able to get more calls booked?
Kyle Musca: So one is, I mean...
Meg Tovey: Because I feel like...
Kyle Musca: So this is still... So realistically, what the best option here is, is this is sitting really, really healthy. So we can scale this campaign more because, again, it's only... What is $100 a day? So I haven't really had to scale that one because we're trying to keep under that sort of $150 a day. The only reason I wanted to keep it under that is because CAC was . So, like, I'm so happy to spend more if we can keep CAC where it is now. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: And I guess that's kind of what I was saying with the check-in question. Like, I want to know, like, I just feel like I need to be more proactive with this stuff. And I don't really understand it enough to be like, okay, do you need more creatives from me? Like, what do you need from me to be able to scale it faster?
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, more creatives would definitely be ideal. So the level of creatives we do at the moment is good. Like, we can definitely get away with that because right now our goal is to get the goal-setting guide done, which you've already filmed content for. The masterclass, if you film that, we could just run graphics for it. Like, we don't always need full videos. Graphics are just super easy. Like, you could create graphics in a day. We could get the ad up in a day, right? So the turnaround time is really, really good there. And then for the direct response stuff, our next thing will be bringing out a challenge, right? That will be our next main focus with direct response. sounds. So we'll need to film more content for that.
Meg Tovey: Okay. So can we scale the direct response that's currently there or is it not like because there's only one ad that's looking like it's working? Like it seems like I need to get more creative.
Kyle Musca: Well, so this is what the AI does. So it can register. So we're giving it $100 total to spend across all ad sets, all ads inside the campaign, which is why it's so important to have different angles, different creatives. And the AI is, you know, picks out its winners. Again, it's not perfect by any means. And this is why you need to kind of know what you're doing. But, you know, the idea is it will give the most likely one to succeed the ad spend. And you can see here, it's, I'm not like, I'm not manually putting this ad spend specifically on this one. The algorithm itself is just putting it on that because it's performing well. Right. So, yeah, if we increase ad spend, it will just, one, have more funds to keep funneling into that one, but also have more funds to play around with other ones. Well, I wouldn't, I, so I, to give my feedback here, I wouldn't scale this campaign, even though it's doing well. I'm, I would wait for us to get new content pieces in, and then I'll create a new campaign based off lead optimization instead of cost per result, results. Okay.
Meg Tovey: So what do I need to get you?
Kyle Musca: So first and foremost, uh, you haven't sent through the goal videos yet. No.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Cause I left comments with. No, they're done. Kyle just sent them through. And he said he already showed them to you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. He sent me the pre-edited one. So he might've edited them again.
Meg Tovey: Oh, okay. Yeah. They're done. I can, um, forward them. Do I just forward the email?
Kyle Musca: Uh, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Where do you want them? I can put them in the Google Drive.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you can put them in the Google Drive and then, um, send me the link, that'd be fantastic.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So. What we'll do, I think, yeah, we'll run with that. Let's have a look here. I want to, like, optimize the momentum.
Meg Tovey: And I want to make sure I'm doing everything I need to do. So, also, like, the goal-setting graphics is a  different, same combo, but also different something I need to talk to you about that I've got stuck with. But, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so these are, that's seasonal. We want to get rid of seasonal. So what I reckon I'll do, see, this is the other thing that is the unfortunate reality with ads, is, like, my philosophy around it is if we're testing new things, testing, you know, lead magnets and, you know, direct response stuff, I'm like, I would just spend the money. To test faster, because realistically, so for me, for example, I'll spend like five grand a week on ads. Let's just say it's a nice round number. If I'm testing, I'll push that up to eight grand a week. And my goal isn't to see a return there, right? It's just to find the winners faster so I can pull back on everything else and just dedicate more spend to that. So it's like a bit of a kick in the dick for the week or two weeks or however long it needs to go for. But it's like, realistically, you're going to spend the money anyway if you just decide to do, you know, let's say five, let's just in that scenario, like I just kept it a five grand. It would take me a lot longer to test because it's like I'm not being able to spend as much ad spend overall to figure out which one are winners and everything like that. So I'll have to like manually cull things. So something we'll have to noticeably lose and then I'll have to cull it so that ad spend can be redirected to something else, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Can I be really honest with you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: I would be so happy to do If I was, like, really confident that they were going to be updated, like, as fast as they need, as they would be updated if you were doing it on your own account, I've got  trauma from the last guy that I, that was doing my ads where, like, I was just spending money without, like, because I don't know how, like, how fast things need to be updated and stuff. So, like, if you'll, like, spend this, it's going to give us this answer by this time to know that we can then scale it. Like, absolutely, I'm happy to do that. Like, I've got plenty of profit in the business to be able to scale it and I want to do it faster. It's just that I don't have, like, I guess, the clear metrics to understand, like, does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, absolutely. Like, if someone's not monitoring it, yeah, it can just, like, be a huge waste of money because, again, it can easily get hooked on a poorly performing ad and just  run with it and then you check it, like, at the end of the week and you've spent, like, $700 on it. Ad that hasn't performed at all. So I check these like pretty much daily. You don't need to check them that often, but I check them daily. And I check everyone's account when I check mine. So it's like, it's not like I'm prioritizing. I know someone else's. And in saying that, you don't need to check them daily in the sense of like, you shouldn't be making changes daily unless something's like a big red flag, right? Right. So it's like, you know, for something like this, for example, it's like, it hasn't pulled any leads through us yet, but I'm not going to turn it off because it hasn't had the spend for me to properly turn it off. Right. It would just be kind of getting like, it's not looking great. Don't get me wrong. But it's not, you know, like, yeah, who knows all, all it could take is two people messaging through and that lead, you know, comes down to  $15 or something per lead. Right. So it's like, it needs to spend something like this, it's spent, you know, $100. Plus, plus, and it hasn't got any leads. It's like, all right, we're just going to turn that off.
Meg Tovey: Yep.
Kyle Musca: So. So, yeah. I don't think it would be...
Meg Tovey: How much would it get to before you decide to turn it off?
Kyle Musca: Realistically, anything over like $60, I'm keeping a very close eye on. Anything over like $80, like depending on the circumstances and how much overall spend it's had, I'll like either turn off or keep a really close eye on it. If it's gotten over $100, then I'll probably just turn it off.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. Well, yeah, you can definitely increase the ad spend on that direct one that's doing well, if you think that we should. Or no, you think we should wait till I've got new creatives.
Kyle Musca: Well, what I reckon... See, that's $46. So what do reckon we do?
Meg Tovey: Well, that's good, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So what I reckon we do, because these have performed well historically, I reckon I'll create a new... Yeah. So for the direct response stuff, I reckon what I'll do is I'll create a new leads campaign that hopefully lets me do it and doesn't bug out. And I'll move this ad set over to that. So this ad set will be kind of more so focused. So this is performing well, but you're just not getting the response out of it. So how long do you reckon it would take you to film sort of the masterclass and get the website set up?
Meg Tovey: I can do it by the end of the week.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: If I'm told.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what we can do. Because if you're not really getting, like, it's performing at a really good cost per lead, but, like, if you're not really getting anything out of it, again, probably because the people just aren't seeing heaps of value in the podcast. I mean, we could even turn that off, which would direct ad spend to this more direct response stuff. And you've got to be careful of it because it's, like, you know, $71 cost per lead, which doesn't look good at all. But then it's, like, this one itself is doing well, and it's just taking consideration the other spend it's had on the other ones as well.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, right. So the cost per lead, the cost per lead is what you want to keep under, for the actual ad, is what you want to keep under $60,000, or, like, thereabouts, or where you can start looking at it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. so it's like if you 60, anything under like 50s to 60s is still, you know, decent. Anything over 60s, like if it's in the 60s, it's starting to get a bit crash hot, but I'll, you know, if there's nothing else that's ready to take over, then you kind of just have to weather the storm a little bit until you can get new creatives in there. And then like anything in the 40s or like, yeah, so 40 to 50 or below is like very healthy.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, so essentially for the direct response stuff, we'll figure out the lead magnet stuff in a second. I reckon I'll create a new lead campaign. We'll move this stuff over there.
Meg Tovey: Both of them or just the progress one?
Kyle Musca: Just the progress, just the direct, we'll keep a direct response one, just keep that campaign nicely geared towards that. And then I'll move all the non-seasonal ones of the graphics over there because the non-seasonal ones haven't had much ad spend anyway, so they haven't really gone around the circulation much. And, And funnily enough, the one that's still ripping pretty hard is this seasonal one.
Meg Tovey: What does it say that's seasonal?
Kyle Musca: I don't think it's, like, extremely...
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah, like, wait for January to make another failed resolution.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, right, because it is, like, But I think, like, when people read that, you know, they might think, like, January 27 type thing.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Well, I do think that does well, just  luck of the draw.
Kyle Musca: I find doing really tangible headlines like this usually works. So it's, like, eight women, 15 kilos, make 2026 their best year yet. So I find tangible, real bold, tangible things work really, well. So, yeah. Get the graphics over there. They'll give us a video campaign. What I could potentially even do as well... See how we go. Because we could even reuse these for the leads. And if it pulls through on the actual lead stuff, it could work well for us. But I might give it like a max spend of like maybe 30% or something so it doesn't get too crazy on that.
Meg Tovey: I've also got seven new like Educate, like organic middle funnel reels if that is helpful for anything.
Kyle Musca: Does it have the direct CTA?
Meg Tovey: No. .
Kyle Musca: So unfortunately, that won't direct them to us.
Meg Tovey: I mean, wait, could we pull it from one of the ads? No, because that's for the goal setting guide.
Kyle Musca: I mean, theoretically, you know, if you wanted to, you could always do like a voiceover overlay where you just do like overlay of, you know, your training or working with the girls or something like that. And then just add the CTA to the end of it so we can run it.
Meg Tovey: Do you want me to do that or no?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if they're good and, you know, similar to these ones.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, they're even better, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would... I'd probably do that. I'd probably just do like girls if you want to. So essentially, just so you know what I mean. And then I also want to show you how to build this presentation thing because we spoke about that last week and that'll be very helpful. But essentially you would do like this part here. Why would you do that? Eat less and move more. DM me the word. So it's not playing, but essentially you would just do the same CTA thing, but you just have overlays of you training or working with the girls. So like whatever.
Meg Tovey: Okay. I could probably get Vaughn's editor to do that. If I just sent a B-roll and then he could pull the audio from this.
Kyle Musca: It could literally be the exact same one for every single one. doesn't really matter. So it's not like he has to create a new one. He only has to create one and attach it to all the videos, essentially.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So that's what I'll do. Let me write a note there.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. On audio and payroll. What kind of, like, B-roll do you reckon?
Kyle Musca: I think ideally, like, social-proof stuff would be great. You know what mean? Like, if you've got sort of B-roll of, you know, maybe a photo shoot where you've done with the girls or anything like that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay, cool. Great one.
Kyle Musca: And then what I'll also do there is we'll create a lead magnet campaign. The goal stuff's ready. Yeah. So... So... So... So... So I've spent one on that, spent 500 on that. So. Okay.
Meg Tovey: All right. So I have just put those eight goals reels. Into our folder. They're still loading, but I just sent you the link as well. And then I'll get him to also put the CTA on all those other, the seven like other educational ones that we did.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Perfect.
Meg Tovey: And then I really need you, I need your advice with these graphics because I'm  spent so long on them yesterday and I don't know, I don't know why I'm so hard.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you want to send them?
Meg Tovey: Um, I think the problem is like, I don't know how to make like the organic kind of looking, wait, let me just send you this of what I was playing around with. Because I know obviously the organic ones work well. I haven't obviously finished them, but I just sent you on WhatsApp like what I started drafting. And the bottom kind of four are like more the raw organic photos and the top are like more supposed to be polished, but I don't even really know what to write on the screen and stuff.
Kyle Musca: So I just want to send you these through real quick. So that, if you create a project with those three, and then, did you send me back the tonality stuff?
Meg Tovey: No, I had a couple of questions, so I just didn't finish it in time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Wait, sorry, what did you say?
Meg Tovey: I had a couple of questions about it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah. What questions on that one did you?
Meg Tovey: Can I, just so I can make sure I get these. Please add graphics to you. Can we, can you open that photo that I just sent through?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: So like, I don't know how to make those kind of organic looking ones look good or if they look fine. And also I don't know what to write on the screens. And then I was trying to also do like the polished ones with the, I just don't know if I'm on the right track at all. I'm just  winging it. And also I don't know what to write on them. I just kind of made that one up in the middle.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, that looks good. The big, the big thing with these is you want to be very clear what they're getting. So, it's like from reading that, like it looks fantastic. know what The only thing is, like, for me reading that, it's, like, kind of almost looks like a direct coaching thing. Send it to you for free. I mean, that obviously doesn't refer to coaching as much.
Meg Tovey: Well, yeah, I don't have any of the copy for any of that. So I don't know. I didn't really know what to write. So I can definitely change it.
Kyle Musca: What I can do... So for this, is the error method the goal-setting guide?
Meg Tovey: I just, like, put that on there because Vaughn said something when we were filming about, like, having, like, a name for it. So that's what we called it, like, the error goal-setting guide or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would do that. The error goal-setting guide has helped over 800 women stop starting over. You want to lose 10 to 30-plus kids. If you want lose 10 to 30 kilos, this workbook will help you lay the foundations to keep it off for But something super simple like that is fantastic.
Meg Tovey: Okay. What about the other? Are any of the others good to keep using or?
Kyle Musca: In terms of the photos, they were good.
Meg Tovey: And then I didn't like any kind of thing that I'm following with the text.
Kyle Musca: One I can try and put together. me, what's my thing?
Meg Tovey: I just realized the key word is not sustain, it's goals. So I need to change that.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So I'll try and do that today if I have a chance to do it. Where we are here. So, yeah. So, again, you kind of want to come from, like, dream outcomes or pain points. So it's, like, and what I, like, literally do is I basically always form, like, the graphics off the actual scripts themselves, if that makes sense. So it's, like, struggling, you know, do you want to lose 10 to 30 kilos but struggling with the stop-start cycle? This goal, my error goal-setting guide, you know, will X, Y, Z to solve problem. You know, if you want, if you want me to send it over for... Free, DME sustain, something like that.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, you know, want to build your dream body but struggling to know what that actually looks like for you.
Meg Tovey: You know what mean? Something like that. Yeah. Okay. So just make some  up based off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like this level of wording is fantastic. You don't really want to do massive. Like the shorter the wording and the simpler it is, the better. Yeah. And you're not trying to be as, you know, impactful, I guess, as the direct response stuff because we're not trying to, like, get them feeling emotional or anything like that. We're just trying to give them something for free.
Meg Tovey: So it's like, here it is. Message me if you want it. Yeah. Okay. The bottom organic looking ones, like, are they something to keep working with or do they look ?
Kyle Musca: No, I think they're good because it puts a face and a body to, you know, the guide.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Just makes it look a A little bit less, I guess, branded.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We can try both.
Meg Tovey: And then do a couple more like that middle one?
Kyle Musca: Yes. Yeah. I mean, they're all pretty much, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: The middle one and these other four are pretty much the same, I'd say. Like, they're the same concept.
Meg Tovey: Like as in?
Kyle Musca: Like blurred out background type thing. There's no real other images besides that exact thing. Whereas this one has like, you know, someone to actually look at.
Meg Tovey: And every graphic have a different text, but the same CTA.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't have to be massively different. Yeah. Again, I'll try and write some material for it as well, just to give a bit of direction with it.
Meg Tovey: Well, I can like copy the talking reel script. like And if you've got like a framework that I can tell it.
Kyle Musca: I do, but I've geared it heavily to do the job.
Meg Tovey: It would be easy.
Kyle Musca: And then it's like not just getting it to do it. It's like prompting it properly. And that takes  ages.
Meg Tovey: I just don't want it. Because I know you asked me for these last week and I don't want to. I just want to  get them to ASAP.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, shouldn't. Yeah. Play around. Like that, the way that's structured looks fantastic. Just be like the thing with marketing in general is just like be really, really clear with what it is you're actually doing or giving away. You know what I mean? Like don't, there should be like absolutely no sort of, you know, gap essentially.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then, yeah, with a presentation guide as well. Um, what I do, have you used deep, deep research on ChatGPT?
Meg Tovey: I don't think so.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So deep research is like an absolute godsend for, you know, building presentations or whatever. So essentially it's like, you give it a good, strong prompt of exactly what you wanted to go research and then it'll go like scour the web and put together as many resources and articles and everything like that to give you a really in-depth, um, sort of outcome. Right.
Meg Tovey: Right.
Kyle Musca: Um, so for me, for example, what I did when just building it just to test it is I already had one basically about everything to do with muscle gain, how to build muscle from like a science-based perspective. So you might want to do like, I'm trying to write a, you fat loss master class for women in their thirties who want to lose, um, 10 to 30 plus kilos of fat. And I want you to go deeper research, not only all the science behind fat loss itself, but also how that practically applies to that demographic.
Meg Tovey: I think, cause then we'll do both. Uh huh.
Kyle Musca: And again, Obviously prompted a lot harder than that, but yeah, and then it will go away, research everything, and then you can basically just, you'll have to obviously gear the project thing, like the actual chat inside the project to do it properly. One thing I find best to do there is like, you can go back and forth and try and like , you know, go back and forth with it all day long. It doesn't respond well to that. Two things is I'll either give what it gives me, you know, as a draft, and then I'll go away and rewrite, you know, one slide or two slides or whatever and say like, this is how I want it, or a much simpler route for reference in the future, or a much simpler route is go find someone who does really good presentations, and then you just screenshot and say like, this is how I want you to lay it out. That's obviously way easier.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. I don't really know anyone who does it in the, like, I haven't really watched any in the fitness industry.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't have to be the fitness industry. Like, I used, um... I went on alexmoseysacquisition.com mini course thing, and then I just screenshotted that.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And I'll do like this.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, like for the aesthetic, you mean?
Kyle Musca: Just the actual layout. The aesthetic, I do have someone that actually builds a presentation for like a dollar a slide, if you want her contact, and she'll build on a Canva. But that is purely for the content.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. I think I might need like that framework for chat GPT written down.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I sent you through the documents for the projects. Let me see if I can. Oh, okay.
Meg Tovey: So I put that into chat?
Kyle Musca: You'll build a project and upload those files into the project. And there you go. Oh, Thank Good presentation, yeah. And then this is the...
Meg Tovey: Oh, okay. So I just made a project and I just click add files and upload those three?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because then whenever it does anything, it will refer back to those files.
Meg Tovey: Yes, like, and then I also put in that tonality thing once I've finished it, or is that for you?
Kyle Musca: Send that through to me and then I'll put together documents so it really understands the tonality.
Meg Tovey: For then me to put into chat.
Kyle Musca: And then you also put into that project, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let me just send this through to you as well. Well, actually I didn't remember many students. Need that. So that's the master prompt I used. Even with that, it won't do it, you know. I find Chachapiti likes to be very  short, you know what mean? It'd be like, it's like a one-word, it's like a three-word or a five-word sentence. It's like, brother, that looks like .
Meg Tovey: So... Have you tried Claude?
Kyle Musca: Nah, I haven't tried Claude or Elon's one, but Chat2PT is kind of  me off recently, so...
Meg Tovey: I just downloaded Claude, I haven't used it yet, but... I've heard lots of good things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so these are like how I prompted to do these things, so it's like... But that's like deep research, though. That's not me actually writing that. But like... And you can pull that information and you can say, like, go create me. Yeah, so.
Meg Tovey: What's the prompt for the deep research?
Kyle Musca: So you will have to do that yourself. But I wouldn't, I literally, for prompts like that, I do a voice note because, like, you want to give it a lot of information. But basically, like, depends on, should be fine if you do it combined. But you may want to do one where it's just like, let's say, science-based fat loss. Like, I want you to go deep research everything to do about fat loss. From calorie deficits to the foods you should be eating to when you should be eating, how many meals, calorie, all your macros. I want you to include things like fasting, X, Y,  Z, like everything that you can, everything that's relevant to fat loss. I don't want you to cut corners here. want you to be as in-depth as possible, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And then when I. I did it, for example, it spit me out like a 60-page, you know, document of like everything that there is to know about fat loss. And then, you know, again, I was prompted with like, with something like that. It's like, make sure that you're, you know, doing this off actual, you know, science and not just, you know, what opinions of people and  like that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing as well, as I like to do, is I always like to give it a reference of someone I like that does it. So, it's like, you if you're doing an introduction one, for example, you might be like, go, I want you to like research the best dietitians in the world. I want you to go research what Lane Norton has to say about this, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So, this is like the image I use, for example, just to say like, this is how I want you to write it. And then it wrote me like this and I was like, no, that's  stupid. So, maybe you don't want to use that. Let me find the one I did before of that. Let me find the did before. So I used these two images as reference points for it.
Meg Tovey: So does that actually build the Canva presentation?
Kyle Musca: No, no. So I have this chick.
Meg Tovey: I'm pretty sure Claude does that, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they do it, but I don't know to what degree. You could always try it, like, by all means. Yeah, play around with it. But I have this chick that built mine.
Meg Tovey: She does it for a dollar a slide.
Kyle Musca: So I haven't really had time.
Meg Tovey: That looks sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for a dollar a slide, I'm not.
Meg Tovey: Can you connect me with her? And also with your GHL guy that you said will set it up cheaper than old mate?
Kyle Musca: Yes. In terms of GHL, you don't really need anyone to set up GHL for you. Like you don't. I do have a guy that will build out the pipelines and everything, but to create the account and start booking calls and stuff like that, it's, you don't need to.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, no, I'm all meant to build out the pipelines to replace the ones I've already got because it's a big job.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this is the guy that does it for me.
Meg Tovey: Zafia guy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I found him through Zafia, but he's actually quite good with go high level as well. But you want him to be good with Zapier because he'll set up all the connections and stuff between different things if you need it.
Meg Tovey: That's actually good because I have a problem with my Zapier that I need to fix and my guy's not replied since the start of December.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think that guy sets it up for like, I think it's like $50 per Zap and $50 per automation or something like that. Um, and then like, if it's obviously a more in-depth one where there's like 10 automations, you can just kind of negotiate with him down.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay, cool. So I, if, so are you able to send me the copy for the, um, goal setting graphics and then I can get that through tonight?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't think. Do I have call today? Yeah, so I'll have a gap when we use. Usually I had that call. So I've got a note for it.
Meg Tovey: Can you just send me a, maybe a WhatsApp message? I've a little recap, so I'll send it through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect. I got the note for tomorrow, but like ideally I have time for today and I can get on it.
Meg Tovey: Thank you so much. Just so I can get those to you and then I'll get that tonality thing to you as well.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect.
Meg Tovey: Thank you. I'll just leave my questions as comments and then I'll share the doc with you, but I'll try and do it as best as possible anyway.
Kyle Musca: Before that. Yeah, perfect. Awesome. All right. Well, yeah, we'll get all that sorted and, yeah, scale it from there.
Meg Tovey: Thanks so much. Awesome. Cheers. All right. Enjoy the rest of it. I'll chat to you soon. You too. Bye. Bye. Bye.


>>> 81/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-04T06:27:12Z | id:119540107
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I think I... This meeting is being recorded. I've got the businesses set up in Dubai, but there's a thing in, I have to look more into it, but there's a thing in Thailand where you can get like a bronze membership or something like that, and it's essentially like a free pass for like five years, and you can just sort come and go as many times as you want. You don't have to have your businesses, you don't have to pay tax here or anything like that. I mean, you basically just get to stay here. It's like 30 grand, but I reckon you'd easily make that back over, you know, five years.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, true that. Well, especially if you've got the tax stuff in Dubai, you're making plenty.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, and you should sell. So, have been to Thailand?
Callum Hinze: Not Thailand. I'm actually kind of keen there. My, Liam, the works hunter, he goes over there a fair bit and he talks stuff massively.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So good. That's all way better than Bali.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, it seems a bit more.
Kyle Musca: It's just like more built up, it's way cleaner, and it's not as westernized. It's it's still, you know, you can get like a $20 massage. Yeah. Food's cheap as rent. If you stay here long-term, rent's super cheap. Like on Airbnb, there was like this 18 grand like mansion essentially. And it was reduced, which we kind of inquired on it, 18 grand for a month. And then if you go for like a long-term through an actual private rental, it's like, I think it was like seven grand or something, under seven grand per month. Yeah. I was like, I was like, yeah, that's not bad at all.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I'll just bust it out.
Kyle Musca: I've always been keen to go there. Yeah. You'll get hooked, man.
Callum Hinze: You won't want to get hooked. Be stuck.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, man. All right. Well, we'll dive into things.
Callum Hinze: How's this week gone overall? Good. Good week of sales last week, actually. I think we had like six sales, seven new guys started total. So it was definitely starting to pick up again. I just realized before I jumped on that, I forgot to do the, um, those CTA videos for you.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah.
Callum Hinze: Other than that, everything's been pretty solid, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so let me just log in. keeps looking at the job form. Okay, so six calls taken, book 10. So have you got more calls for the rest of the week? Cool.
Callum Hinze: Yes, I got one at five, the Savo. What else have I got? I don't think I have a whole lot more, but this week I've been seemingly getting like just a bunch booked in like in 12 hours or so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. That's how you want it. You want it as close as possible. Okay, sick. Yeah, I've been going pretty hard in the back end with just like your ads and everything like that and just making sure we funnel it. There's much sort of the marketing to the winning performing ads. And that seems to be paying off really well, which is good. So close rate five out of six, which is fantastic. So it means these guys are really nice and committed. Like the people you're jumping on the call with are very nice and qualified. 12 grand overall for the week, which is fantastic. We're sitting pretty consistently around.
Callum Hinze: I mean, that's like a little bit higher than usual, but we're usually sitting around 10 grand a month a week, aren't we? Yeah, it normally flows between like eight and 15.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Was a lot of those, oh, we can pull it up on the CEO dashboard, actually, can't we? Let me pull that up.
Callum Hinze: I'm not making a lot of upfront payments in a single week. It probably sits close to like nine-ish. But if there's a few renewals and upfront payments, always builds back up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'm not lot lot upfront single lot So, is this the right one? Let me just share this. Is this the right one?
Callum Hinze: Yes, yes. I've asked you every week, but I keep forgetting how to get the actual leads option up on those two ones there. I know we went through it last week, but it was like a separate option to find it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so... I can figure out where it was. Yeah, we've got the rest of that's there. So let's have a gaze just so we can fill that in quickly. One is Insta and one is China. So it bases it off of this one, the ManyChat one.
Callum Hinze: So that's really the main important one. yep.
Kyle Musca: So go to you, then go Contacts. Go to Filter, Condition, Tag, Qualified, Needs, System Field, and then Subscribed after.
Callum Hinze: I tracked this week from the 25th to the 1st. So after the 25th.
Kyle Musca: After the 24th. After the, yeah, so it's from the 25th or from the 24th?
Callum Hinze: the 25th on, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then you, so that's after, but you have to do it again to do before, like if it's within that time frame. So that will be from the- To the 1st. To the 1st, yeah, cool. And that will give us 35 total.
Callum Hinze: can't just Where did it say 35?
Kyle Musca: There.
Callum Hinze: Where did say that?
Kyle Musca: On the top right there.
Callum Hinze: Oh, yeah, okay. Sorry, our little heads were in above it.
Kyle Musca: Gotcha. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So that's good. That's a really healthy number. So if we do that, that should auto-fill everything we need. Beautiful. So that ad spend is coming down there. But I just killed off the campaigns that just weren't pulling through for us. So I was trying to give them a little bit of sort of breathing room to try and, like, fix their targeting, but it just wasn't hooking. I've been doing a bit of work in the background on this, and I'm going to try and change around the optimization of the campaigns and everything like that. But meta seems to be bugging out with it. But, yeah, I tried to start it with your account, but it just wasn't letting me upload. So hopefully they fix that soon. Now you can see that... So, yeah, cut that down massively. So your ad spend should... So should... at can happens. So So I'm tractor you're have Come down considerable these next couple of weeks because I am scaling this campaign, but it shouldn't spend anything more than $1,400 at the moment because we turned those other ones off and I was scaling them down anyway. So you should be saving over $1,000 there. If we have a look at this, the same thing, same concept here. The biggest thing with this is you have to just do the columns and actually get the leads in here. But to be honest, the ManyChat one's the main one. So if we're going to go from the 1st to the 25th, update, 37 total. I won't change anything, but cool. So you're getting plenty of leads through, which is fantastic. Look at the last seven days, 34. So we haven't really dropped off in any leads all that much, which is good. Because, again, same. So total at booking, oh, right. So that was from that period. Closes, cost per booking, total showed up, sold 100%. So, yeah. And then, are you selling a lot of three-month packages?
Callum Hinze: No, I, yeah, 12 weeks. Yeah, that's what majority of them are. This week, I just sold two upfront for the second tier for 12 weeks, and the rest were just sort of like an installment plan.
Kyle Musca: Is that because they're saying that, like, they only need kind of 12 weeks, or what's happening there?
Callum Hinze: What's that 12 weeks saying they need?
Kyle Musca: Like, are you only selling the three months because they'd only need three months, or?
Callum Hinze: 12 weeks is like the default. default. It just depends on what they're after. See, I find that a lot of them aren't wanting to pay up front for more than 12 weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: In saying that, I sold one the other day for like 16 weeks, but majority of them, I'm just default going to 12 weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. What I would do, so for me, I determine very early which one I'm going to be doing. Like, if they need to lose anything more than 10 kilos, then it's like, I'm going straight for six months. You know what mean? Like, the same thing if they need to build muscle, it's not a slow process. I would just go straight for six months because realistically, like, if you get it to the point where, you know, let's say you do, you know, you sold four of those, so 35, 7. So, let's say, let's just say, so this is 7. Oh, that's the calculation. I'll  that up. Oh, that should be fine. Because if you double that, let's say you sold. Or six months, you'd be up in a, you know, you'd double your return on investment. Yeah, true. So if you can't, like, you know, they probably, like, because you've got pretty good retention, hey? Yeah. Yeah, so, like, it's not the end of the world because, like, more than likely, they'll probably continue on after the three months anyway, especially if they're on a payment plan. But, you know, if you can sell them for the six months, you might as well just go straight for the six months so you don't even have to have that conversation, you know?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. It makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Cool. Other than that, this could be a little bit better because if this, you know, was, obviously, the higher we can get this number, the better. Like, it's not concerning here. Have you read through the conversations that Clemé's having in the setting and just sort of sussing out the quality of them?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I've looked through the ones that she's, that have been booked and they're okay. There's some that just, I think, are a little bit short. They're quality. So I probably need to send her a message. It's always like the foreign guys are the ones that don't really speak the best English. I feel like she sort of realizes that and just jumps straight to, let's just book it a call then. And they're normally the ones that aren't rocking up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So what we can do here is I am, I found a way to like sort of source experience setters. Um, so what I'm probably going to be looking at doing is transitioning away from Komei and just having someone in my account that I can sort of just train and they just get really good at my tonality and speaking to the demographic of men. Right. Um, and then, um, so with these guys, there's no commission, right? It's just 10 USD flat, but if you share it, so I've got it with them, like spoken to them. If it, if we share it across different accounts that, you know, same hours, uh, same demographics, same. Tonality and everything, then it'll go from like 10 USD an hour to 60 USD an hour. That's with two people. haven't discussed a third person yet. Potentially we could even get lower, maybe even like five USD an hour or something. So they're getting 15, they're getting 15 USD out of it. So it makes sense for them to do it. But yeah, that's an option if you want to look at that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. If you think it's worthwhile and then, yeah. Are you trialing out a few to sort of see how good they are as well?
Kyle Musca: Yes or no. Like I know people that have used not those specific setters. So it's basically a recruitment agency and then they'll go find experience setters for you, essentially. I'm trialing one in, so I'm going to share one with another guy, Aaron. don't know if you know him, but again, same demographic, pretty similar tonalities and everything like that. So, I mean, we can either try and sort you, suss you one. Or I could even ask if they would be comfortable sharing it across three accounts. I just don't want it to like, it depends on the lead flow there because it's like, I mean, they should be okay with it, but.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, what's, I don't even remember what it was. What's Clamaze like hourly rate now?
Kyle Musca: I think Clamaze is like 6 USD an hour and then $25 per sale.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: But the issue with Clamaze, like she was, she had a guy on my account who was doing like such a great job last year. And then I think he left or something like that. And then she's like been scrambling to try and find someone else. So it's like, I want, one, I don't want the instability of like that just being happening without me really knowing. And then like only finding out when, you know,  hits the fan. And two, if I'm going to have, if she's going to have to get someone in there anyway and train them up, then I might as well just get my own person in there and train them up. You know what mean?
Callum Hinze: Fair enough. Yeah, with you recommend one of the other guys, I may as well just jump over if it's going to be better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I've got one chick. She seems really good. She started for Aaron already. I'm hoping to start her in my account next week. I just have to find a second setter.
Callum Hinze: How many hours do you have her in your account at the moment? I honestly don't even remember what her total is. Let me see. I actually don't remember what the total hours were.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I'll need two for my account. So it's like she can handle like, you know, four to six hours on her own. But because, you know, you need someone in there in the morning, you need someone there at night, we'll need a second setter. So I'm just trying to find a second setter there.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I have to double check out the hours she's actually doing right now. So I don't know. She's charging me, what is it? 210 USD flat, like before commission and stuff. So whatever that equates to hours wise.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, mine's like three. I think it was like eight hours a day or something like that. Yeah, I might have had six hours maybe. Maybe. Double check. If it's six hours, I'll ask with, her name is Ricky, the setter. I'll ask her because the last thing we want to do is like put her in three accounts and she's spread too thin. But unless there's a  ridiculous amount of messages coming through, she should be fairly okay.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: We'll see. Otherwise, we can just sort of source your own. And then I'll see if I know someone that maybe could share. I don't think so off the top of my head. But anyway, we'll come back to that. It's just an idea. Cool. So you got Yeah. So the next thing for us to get in is one, want to create this leads campaign. And then I want to start going hard on like a lead magnet thing for you. So what I'll do, I've still got it on the cards. I've been trying to get this actual direct ad stuff up before, but just build you out some actual scripts and graphics and stuff, and we'll just go hard on the lead magnet.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Was that program lead magnet, I think, was all right to use?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It doesn't have to be anything crazy, like, as long as it sort of gives some value. With that, though, I definitely think, like, I can kind of do everything else from my end in prep, but I think if you just really focus this week on getting some of those lead magnet videos, especially with the stuff that does do well.
Callum Hinze: Would it be smart just to link all of them to this new program document, or just spread them between multiple different lead magnets?
Kyle Musca: I mean, the split one will probably be the most universal one, because it's like, it doesn't matter if you talk about a back day, or it doesn't matter if you talk about an arm day, or whatever. It doesn't really matter, to be honest.
Callum Hinze: Like, as long as you can... Um, like just link them to something relevant. You what mean? We can change what it is. Yeah. Cool. I've got, I have heaps of videos where you guys can add the actual thing and chuck them in that folder for you, which I'll do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And it, you know, the thing as well, it doesn't have to be anything different. So like literally all you'd need to do is just film, like if it's a voiceover, for example, you could just film one CTA on one of the videos and then just save that one CTA part and just attach it to the rest of all your other videos.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, um, but that would help massively, but yeah, right now it's just like a step-by-step process of getting one scaling, uh, your ads properly. Um, which I've been focusing on quite a lot and then get the new, cause you got the new, yeah, new graphics and new video ads.
Callum Hinze: Hey, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'm trying to do a new campaign optimization thing for that. But again, it's, Meta's having bugs. won't let me upload it on my account. It won't let me upload it on your account. It's  annoying, but I'll get that sorted. And then the next thing after that is, so ideally that will give us some, like, as long as, you know, that performs as well as it theoretically should, that will give us some breathing room for us to then go straight into, for us to then trial the lead magnet. Ideally, the lead magnet really does pay off for us. then we can, and then we can, you know, continue scaling that side of things.
Callum Hinze: Yep. Easy stuff.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, one thing is, one, try and slap that CTO on those actual videos. But when you go to create new content is, yeah, as I mentioned last week, just get into the habit of just chucking a lead magnet CTO on all of them.
Callum Hinze: Yep. And you said for just my organic little videos that are going out for themselves, the CTO is okay just to chuck in the actual little bio at the bottom. Not so. Or would you just chuck in the video with these ones as well?
Kyle Musca: If it's on the video, like, it's easier for people to see. Same thing that we run as ads. Yeah, because, like, especially for reels and stuff like that, people don't really click and open the caption, you know?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: Okay. That's a little bit more hidden. So it's like, we just don't want to run that risk. We just want it, like, very front and center, exactly what to do, how to do it.
Callum Hinze: Okay, easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. How many of those do you have and, like, how soon do you reckon you could kind of get them through?
Callum Hinze: I can get them done tomorrow. They're there. I just have to tack on the wording. There's probably, like, oh, there's probably more than 10 I could use.
Kyle Musca: Oh, perfect. Yeah. I think the bread and butter will be the voiceover ones for you.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I've got heaps of those here. Training ones, there's some food ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And what I do is, like, as long as it's obviously relevant, something. Bye. Bye. Bye. Thank But yeah, I would literally just probably create one CTA, download the video, and then just attach it to the end of all the rest.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Yeah. Makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, man. That's pretty much everything we need to run through. Things are all good. We just need to keep executing and chipping away, really.
Callum Hinze: Okay. I felt like I had a question for you, but it's slipped my mind now. But if it pops up, I that. I think everything's otherwise pretty smooth, pretty crazy, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Callum Hinze: It'll come to me later on, I'm sure, but other than that, we're pretty good, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome, man. All right, bro. Well, yeah, things are going well, so just need to keep executing and keep adding things on top.
Callum Hinze: Yep. Okay, cool. Keep on keeping on. So, just to re-jog my memory. CTA videos. videos. let's go. You So that was all that I need to do for now, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But for you, that's the only assignment I'm going to give you this week.
Callum Hinze: I'll get that done tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. And then, yeah, I'd be really keen to see how we go with him. You got the lead magnet script here? I was going do that.
Callum Hinze: Lead magnet script. Oh, yes. Yeah. Sorry, the DM script for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Awesome. All right. Well, we'll cover all that once we actually get it all properly up and running and make sure it's refined. But, yeah, just need the content first. So we'll focus on that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I'll hurry up and get that done. That's easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. And then I'll write the actual scripts around it, and then we'll do some ad graphics off it as well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. Beautiful. Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, man. All right. Well, if you need me for anything, feel free to see out. Otherwise, yeah, I'll get to work on all that.
Callum Hinze: All right. Thanks again for your work.
Kyle Musca: Easy stuff. Nice. Cheers, man.
Callum Hinze: Cheers. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 82/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-04T08:18:17Z | id:119546049
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Fly back to the guy.
Arrans: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. Nice, cool. All right, bro, we'll dive right in, man. How has this week, let me pull up your thing.
Arrans: You didn't get a chance to fill out the form? No, sorry, bro, sorry. I was like halfway through it, and then you said, that's 10.4. was like, oh, . That's all good. We can run through the message if you like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the main ones are, how many calls? You've booked and how many calls you've sold.
Arrans: Yep. So this week, we are at six calls booked. I've taken three of them and two of them have been closed.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect.
Arrans: So we've got three more books in there for the remainder of the week.
Kyle Musca: From ads?
Arrans: Four from the ads, two from organic. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Arrans: That's pretty good. It's finally Wednesday.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So wait, what was that number again, sorry?
Arrans: So four calls booked from the ads and then two calls booked organically. Okay. Bye.
Kyle Musca: Okay, fantastic. So the ads can take a lot of the weight of leads, right? But really, really important to not get caught, like get lazy, right? Because on your organics. So I'm a little bit guilty of that, but I can run my whole business through ads. Whereas you've gotten to the point where your organics are really, really good and you just pump social proof. That will play into massively. One, we want organics. If we can, you know, essentially pay for our ad spend from the organic, you know, money that we make, then theoretically, you know, all the money we make from ads is just pure profit, right? So it's like, if we can at least get the organics to cover that, then we're  laughing. The other thing is, when people see your ads, right? So it's a colder audience, they'll come on, they'll start, you know, watching through your reels, they'll start looking at your stories, they might even follow you. So you're putting constant social proof on your. Your socials, man, is just going to get them really warm and really hot before the call.
Arrans: Yeah, yeah. Well, my game plan is I want to start doing at least, like, three posts a day. I've been doing two. I want to try to ramp it up to three, see if I can. Now I've got to set it and it's actually taking a bit more time away so I can just pump it into four.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So there's two things I want to do on this call. One is review the setters speaking, essentially review the conversations. And two is show you how to track your data week to week. Is there anything specifically you want to cover?
Arrans: Not really, bro. I think it's all been sort of going pretty smoothly. That call with Tommy, I think his name is, it went really well. That was an envious spot, bro, because one of those leads from the app. The that I closed were, like, he was cold. He was real cold. And, like, it took a lot to get out of him, but then we got him there in the end. We pulled it out of him.
Kyle Musca: It was a good time. Perfect. Awesome, man. Beautiful.
Arrans: Now, have you seen this template, this dashboard before? Yeah. I've been playing around with it, trying to, because you sent me a copy, so I've been trying to get it to work.
Kyle Musca: Yes. Beautiful. So, can you send that when you can, if you have it now? Can you send it through to me, because I'll save that on file. I'm going to save it on your file. No, I haven't.
Arrans: So, I'll save. So, we won't be able to track anything just yet, obviously, but it's good to make sure we have it. So, we'll be able to anything So, we'll be be be to track anything just yet. So what I just put in there, I've just been banging in my leaves so far, like how big it is.
Kyle Musca: Are you filling out your call sheet as well?
Arrans: Yeah, I kind of made myself a different one, I'll show you. That should be the one.
Kyle Musca: So you don't have to update this. So, you know, as you go, you can kind of just do it at the end of the week. That will kind of work out well because that, yeah, so the hardest ones to kind of pull are going to be the lead and stuff.
Arrans: Do you know, are confident in finding that? As in, what do you mean?
Kyle Musca: So, I can't remember if we went over this. But there's a difference between cost per result, which is what it will show you, and cost per actual lead and total leads, right?
Arrans: Yeah, so the leads, once they're being qualified through the many times, we've got it, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, you can set that up here. All of those will probably play around with it the end of the week. But if you've got four calls booked in from the ads?
Arrans: So, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, $350, man. That's kind of amazing. Sitting under $100 for a cost per call, which is great.
Arrans: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: A lot of heaps of data are crumped there. That could just be because there's probably, you know, conversations. Really, only Sunday we launched it, isn't it?
Arrans: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we'll see how that goes, but they're looking nice and healthy. We're looking good on that front.
Arrans: I'll make some new graphics to try as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then one thing, let's do a quick look to see if your account has it. Yeah, so you need to just go in there and... Except for Leeds, Terms and Conditions.
Arrans: So I'm still saying it then. Okay. So where do you go? When did you go to do that?
Kyle Musca: So I would, so you should just log into Facebook and go to your page. You might need to go into the settings and whatever. It wouldn't be through Meta itself. It'd be through Facebook, I think.
Arrans: And that's, I don't know, I'll get into that one. Well, because that's a new Facebook account that I linked it to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's not the end of the world, but it was like Meta's kind of changed the settings around. So ideally that should focus more on the leads rather than the results. So essentially what it's, the campaign has set up now is it's more so optimizing the end results. And we're just tracking leads off the back end of that so we can see who's quality, who's not. $10,000 and the $3,500, in this case, as close as possible together, right? Yeah, because we want those figures to be contrast. So $3,500, and then you go into the features of it. So then you get them refocused back on the value, right? So you say the price, get it out of the way, refocus back on the value, right?
Arrans: So with that, it's going to come with a full customized training program built around your lifestyle, your goals, your physique, and everything. You're to get a full, you know, all your calories and macros with your meal plans and everything like that, 100% built around, again, your goals. I say built by my nutritionist. You don't know how you say that, have you word it. You're going get 24-7 text and call communication directly with me. So if you have any questions, you need any help, whatever the case may be, you can always just either shoot me a text if you're at work and it's easier. Otherwise, if you want to dive into something a little bit deeper, we can jump on the phone and go through it at any time, right? We're also going to be doing a weekly checking call. We're going to show you where you've done well. Where you need to improve, you know, if you can execute a little bit better on things. Basically, just taking a deep dive into your week as a whole. Make sure that you're progressing at the rate we think that you're capable of. And if not, what do we need to adjust? Now, see how I'm saying this as well, right? One thing I've been really noticing in my sales calls recently is get your body language in line with what you're saying, right? Because there's a difference between like, cool, so we'll do a weekly check-in and, you know, do X, Y, Z. Whereas when I'm like up here and my hands are there and my body language is there, it's like, you know, this is where we're going to like take a deep dive into your week, show you where you're doing well, where you need to improve, any areas you can adjust on, right? See how that comes across a lot more kind of intense, right? We want that. Like we want it to seem like very comprehensive and kind of hands-on intense, right? And with that as well, you know, I do cap it at 35 people or whatever, just to make sure that you're getting the... Best level of service possible, right? And if we were to look at that, there is two spots left available for that, right? So again, keeping it in line, two spots left available for that, right? Now, and then you do the guarantee. Now, obviously, I stand behind everything that I say. So if you were to sign up to any of these packages and follow what I lay out for you, you're not stoked with the results you get by the end. Not only will I give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 cash your way just for wasting your time, okay? So guarantee. Now, this is really important wording here. Out of all those options, man, so with all that being said, you know, which one kind of jumped out to you the most? Which one? A, B, E, D, N, A, which one? All right? They have to say one or the other. They can't say none, right? They might say, oh, the goal did, and then come back to it's too expensive, whatever, but we want to get them down that avenue first.
Kyle Musca: All right? Cool. Did you want to run with that one then? You too, man. You man. You Make sure you ask. You know what I mean? You have to ask. They won't just say, let's run with it, right? Did you want to run with that one? They might objection handle. So let's say you objection handle. You never just drop the price. You never offer payment plans, right? It's 3,500 for six months. Or, you know, it's a bit expensive. Yeah, completely get that, man. And I guess like price aside, you know, would you do the program? Yeah. Okay. Objection handle. I'm not going to get into that right now. You objection handle first. Okay. So it seems like, you you want to do the program. It's just sort of prices, you know, finances, things holding you back, right? Makes sense, man. I appreciate being honest with me. Look, in that case, what we can do is I do work with a billing company. It kind of works like afterpay. helps just break it down a little bit. Would that be a bit more reasonable for you? Yeah. Okay, cool. Let me pull up their payment structures. Okay. So instead of 1,500, I'm sorry. Instead of 3,500, bro, we could just cover 1,500 and then 1 We wouldn't officially start till next week. So the first repayment wouldn't be from like five weeks from now. And then it would just be 400 months from now. I think that's super easy on cashflow. Would that be a bit more reasonable to get started? Again, re-ask. Would that be more reasonable to get started? And I'm not saying, notice how I'm not saying like, did you want to do that option? Right? I'm not saying that. I'm saying, would it be more reasonable for you to get started? Yes. Yeah. Yeah, because it would be, right? That's better than 3,500. Yeah. Okay. Did you want to run with that? You get them to confirm and then you directly ask. No, let's say, you know, too expensive. Objection handle again. Don't just drop the, you know, we can do 1,500. have the objection handled again. Cool, man. So what we could do instead is, you know, we could do 400 to 500 per month and then we could do, but instead of paying, you know, 1,500, it would just bring it right down to just a K. So it's easy to get started. That'd be better. Yes, no. No. No. No. Now, this is where the drop sale comes into play, right? Let's say you can't get them across the line there, and they're saying, like, I need to speak to my partner, I need to think about it, I need to write numbers, whatever I'm saying. But cool, man. Look, yeah, I understand that. You know, at the end of the day, man, I want to make sure you feel comfortable with the decision that you make. With that, man, I mentioned, you know, as I mentioned, there's only two scores left on the gold package. And I do have, you four more calls this afternoon, four more calls to prove where the page may be. So, to be honest, like, I really doubt that that's what's going to be available. Now, there's two options you could do here. One is you could try and get the delayed deposit in, right, just to see if it really is a financial thing, right? Like, let's go down that avenue. What we could do, man, is, you know, if you're serious about doing this program, and it is just a matter of making sure you have the funds for it, whatever they say, what we could do is we could lay down a $500 deposit. Now, that's... 100% refundable. Now, do that for two reasons. One is it just secures your spot, right? And the second one, man, it just shows that you're actually serious. That's why I make it 100% refundable. Just so you can sort of take that first step. And I can actually work on things for you to get the ball rolling a little bit easier. Do you want to jump in that option? They'll say yes, no, right? More than often, they'll probably say no, because they're trying to get off the phone. That's a huge red flag, right?
Arrans: Don't let them get off the phone under any circumstance, really. But especially not in that, because you'll never, never, ever hear from them again, right? That's like, man.
Kyle Musca: Look, I'll probably... Okay, gotcha, man. Look, to be honest, bro, I've been doing... I've done thousands of these calls. And, you know, my actual statistics around it is if someone gets off the call, right, whether it's to ask their partner or, you know, they say they need to think about it, run numbers, right, whatever. 98% of the time, bro, I never hear from them again. And it's not because they, you know, didn't go... Ask their partner or run the numbers. It's because once you get off this call, without making a decision, your brain is naturally going to go into what, like all the negatives, right?
Arrans: What if it doesn't work? What if my car breaks down?
Kyle Musca: It's going to start creating situations that aren't even real just so you can stay comfortable, right? Because the brain, the human body wants to remain comfortable, even though you're not happy with being comfortable, right? You just told me you want to change, right? And I really want to make sure that you don't, you know, wake up six months time kicking yourself because you didn't make a change when you had the opportunity. to do so. So I shouldn't be doing this, man, but I do really want to help you. And I don't want to see finances as the thing that is holding you back from making a decision to actually change your life for the better. So I do have a silver package, bro. Now, there's not technically a spot available for it, but I think I have someone finishing mid to end next week. I'd have to check. I'm pretty sure it's around there.
Arrans: And what that would do, bro, is instead of, you know, 3,500 or 3,500 for the entire six months, I'd bring it right you. I'm just $2,500, right? So you're saving $1,000, makes it a lot more affordable to get started, all right?
Kyle Musca: Would that be a better option? Oh, yeah, it would be, but I still have to check my numbers. Yeah, that's okay, man. Look, as I mentioned, there's not technically a spot open, and I do have four more calls. To be honest with you, Ro, like with the silver package, it's very, very rare that there is a spot that becomes available for you. It could be a situation like this, where the only thing that's stopping someone from getting started is just it doesn't quite fit within their budget, and the silver does. So they just sort of take that, and they run with it. So, look, you can go check your numbers, bro, but I guarantee you, I can almost guarantee you that the gold spots aren't going to be available, and the silver spots definitely not going to be available. So, you put them right on the spot here, because if they're actually serious about doing it, they essentially need to make a decision now, or you're taking away the option to make any decision. Decision, right? It's like, you can take the silver now, or maybe you can take the gold later, if there's even a spot left. Yeah. And again, it really, this comes down to you, depending on how hard you want to push here. But it's like, you know, because if they get off the phone, they're not coming back. They're not coming back. So you can basically kind of say to them, like, look, to be honest, man, you know, from my experience, as I said, 98% of the guys I never hear from again. And look, man, one thing as a coach I really value is guys that sort of take action. And they actually, you put themselves out there.
Arrans: They take, I guess, that risk, even though there's no risk because I had the guarantee, right?
Kyle Musca: And make the decision to solve the change because those are the guys that actually sort of show up and show up themselves. So look, bro, and I don't want to come across here at all in the wrong way, but, you know, if you want to go chat to the miss, miss, or, you know. If want to go run your numbers, whatever they say, that's absolutely fine, bro. But to be honest, I just, we're probably not going to be the right fit now. You don't have to say that. Again, it's going to come from your own philosophy.
Arrans: But essentially, you're kind of saying like, you need to make a decision now, or like, I'm taking the option away from you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's the objection cycling, right?
Arrans: So you start nice, right? You start real passively.
Kyle Musca: You're just a friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, like just trying to  help him out. And then you slowly get more direct as time goes on. And then by the time you get to the silver, it's like, you know, 98% of the guys I speak to, I never hit him again, because X, like they go tell themselves all the reason that they shouldn't do it. So like, man, I'll give you this option, but you need to take it now.
Arrans: Otherwise, it's not going to be an option later.
Kyle Musca: And then it's like, if you can't get them on... Nah, it's like, dude, I don't, you know, you just told me, like, again, it depends on the situation, but it's like, bro, you know, do you mind if I put on my coaching? You probably should have ever said this by now, but from my perspective, man, and I've done a lot of these calls, bro, it really seems like you want to do the program and you're kind of mistaking a logic-based decision of I need to ask my partner or I need to, you know, check my finances, whatever they say. you're justifying not making a decision by saying it's a logistic-based decision, when reality, not making a decision is coming from fear, right, fear of change because your brain and your body wants to stay comfortable even though you're not happy with where you're at right now. So let me ask you, bro, like, let me ask, and this is real quick, let me ask you, man, what decision do you need to make right now? So when you go to bed tonight, you know that you've put yourself in the best possible position to lose that 20 kilos so you can increase your confidence, increase your energy, and actually... You start living up to the man that you want to become, right? So that way in six months time, you don't wake up full of regret, knowing that you had the opportunity to change, but you just were too fearful to actually commit and make the decision to do it. What decision do you need to make right now to make sure that that doesn't happen, bro? That's only like, if you did that right at the start, you need to do it. You know what mean? You haven't got them back. That's like a last resort.
Arrans: Like, you know that if they get off the phone, you're not going to ever hear from them again.
Kyle Musca: So it's just like,  dude, straight up, grow a pair of balls and make a decision, or we're not chatting again. Yep. Because you can kind of come off like, oh, I don't want to like piss them off. What if they come back? Sure, but they're not coming back. You know what I mean? So with these, bro, so these are like all six months packages. Do you reckon I should be pushing that? Because all of mine are... So it depends. I determined that real early on, right?
Arrans: With the goal question.
Kyle Musca: If they want to lose anything over 10 kilos, essentially, I'm talking about six months. You know what mean? And then it also depends as well. It's like, you know, if they don't want to lose 10 kilos, but they want to build muscle in the process, again, that could be a six-month program, right?
Arrans: First three months, we're going to focus on cutting fat.
Kyle Musca: The second three months, we're going to reverse diet and really focus on building muscle without adding that fat back. If you, like, you know, if they only have, like, four kilos to lose, it's kind of hard to trust me by a six-month package. But, you know, if you can get them on a six-month package, you're, yeah.
Arrans: Your ROI pretty much has 20 doubles, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely.
Arrans: So it's like, you know, if you can, that's the more ideal option.
Kyle Musca: And it also works out better, like, payment breakdown-wise, because, like, the difference between three months and six months for the goal is, you know, 1,200 and 400, or 1,500 and 400.
Arrans: So it's, like, it's basically pretty similar sounding in the head. Does that all sense?
Kyle Musca: Well, yeah, I'll I'll definitely be pushing for that. Because I'm getting better at sales now, so it's good. I'll probably be able to push for that. Yeah, one thing I'm, yeah, because I'm getting back from the sales calls properly and stuff myself, just because it's a really good skill for you to have, like, for across the board. One thing I... I noticed this week, just because I was a bit rusty, but, is, dude, get your body language into it. Like, when you, like, really get your body language and stuff into it, you'll just notice that the whole script comes off so much better. Yeah. So it's like, you know, if I was just here, and how long has it been since you actively tried to lose the weight?
Arrans: That was even a bit of facial expression.
Kyle Musca: But if I was like, okay, and I guess, like, you know, how long has it actually been since you, like, last actively tried to lose the weight?
Arrans: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because that's what I did, bro, with this one.
Arrans: Like, I almost had a problem. Yeah. You want them to be almost crying. I'd say, no, it's right. Because he was like, he was like, it's been two years.
Kyle Musca: And then I, and then when he was telling me to, he's got to think about it. I'm like, what the  do you have to think about it? Because it's been two years. It's like, if we do, it's like. Going on, it's probably like 20 minutes trying to get him to pay, and he's just sitting there, and we just had to keep going, and then he paid off the fiscal. Yeah, and that's the thing, like, you start off casual, you start off nice, just trying to make it work, if it doesn't work, it's fine, and then it's just like, dude, you've been thinking about this for  two years, right? If nothing changes, if you don't make, I'll be honest with you, bro, I've done this again thousands of times, if you don't make a decision to change right now, now, then the decision you do have to make is accepting that this is probably how the rest of your life is going to People mistake, like, people refer to, I need to think about it, or I need to ask my partner, because it's avoidance of making a decision, right? It's not a decision, it's avoiding to make a decision, and you kind of just need to say to them, like, dude, like, you need to try and get them to realize, but if they don't realize, then it's kind of like, you just need to say to them, like, dude, you're being a   right now. You know what I And it's like, you know, again, there's a fine line, but realistically, if you're coming from a coaching angle of just like, dude, you know, you've just basically cried to me about how much you did in your life and you're  not willing to actually change over two grand. You know what mean? You're  retarded. Yeah, does that make sense, bro? Any questions on that? No, that's all pretty good, but I've got sick. So the, hopefully I'll make finishes those changes on that first day. And then I've got the other two ready to go for them to edit. So then you'll pump them out. And then I might even, I'll let G-dup a videographer in town. See you back inside.
Arrans: See 250 bucks to do two of the scripts.
Kyle Musca: So I might go do another two just to get really good quality advice as well.
Arrans: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, he's good. Yeah, he is good. He's pretty good. And then what I was saying to you the other day is how you can like kind of, if your video goes too long, how you can cut it right down. So for example, this video is a minute 40. And then I tell them to like where to cut and where to resume.
Kyle Musca: Right. And then by doing that, you know, you get it right down to 52 seconds. Right. So almost a full minute cut out. Nice.
Arrans: Minute 40. So 50 seconds fully cut out.
Kyle Musca: So that's something I'd get in the habit as well is because like ideally you want shorter videos. But then, you know, if someone watches a full length video of this, then, you know, they're going to be pretty  bored.
Arrans: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Arrans: Well, yeah, that's pretty much everything for now.
Kyle Musca: Did Old Man only film one of the scripts? Like the professional style ones?
Arrans: Oh, well, that was just my mate's camera.
Kyle Musca: That wasn't even a professional one. So I've got the other two, but they looked pretty good.
Arrans: I did them in like a studio with like DJI.
Kyle Musca: So they look pretty good. But I think I'll get them every day just so we can get them to go. But I'll also go get some proper good ones from the store.
Arrans: Yes.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. All right. Well, yeah, that's pretty much everything for now, man.
Arrans: The other thing will just be like scaling the ads over and optimizing the ads over the next week. But that will come in the apartment. I'll just take care of that. Is there anything else that you want to kind of specifically cover? No. You Not necessarily, bro.
Kyle Musca: Just obviously, we just see how the ads scale up and then do you think sort of if we start scaling pretty quick, the next sort of step would be getting a self-coach project? Yeah. If we can see that, you know, the performance there, the lead flow is consistent there, then yeah, absolutely, man. Which is pretty easy to do. Yeah, we can, I can do that.
Arrans: We could hire a coach within a week if we wanted to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Pretty biggest payout we had this week. It's like seven and grand. Oh, really? yeah, man. That's so good. We're hitting over monthly targets from when we started in a week. Yeah.
Arrans: It's just really hectic. It's been organic. Yeah. It's organic.
Kyle Musca: been Yeah, 100%. Like the ads, they're pulling through, they're looking really healthy.
Arrans: So that's a very, very good sign, man. And again, it comes down to getting organic content to where it needs to be. Because, yeah, otherwise it just, yeah, it will just flop. So that's side of things. It's all, again, we just want a nice, well-oiled machine that just sort of works on its own. Yeah. And we're just feeding it fire with new creatives, new angles and  like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So do you think I should just, just like my organic content, try to film some ad content weekly as well? So you've got a bit of a backlog for that? You can. Don't stress it too much.
Arrans: I mean, like for me, I get in the habit of like every Tuesday, I sit down and I film like all new ads. Just because, again, like the more creatives you have, the better and the more likely you'll find a Winning one.
Kyle Musca: So if you can get into the groove of that, fantastic. It just depends on how well you sort of film, you feel like you could film ads off the top of your head.
Arrans: Well, I might even just see that they come out, and then eventually I'll probably get good at it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you want that, what I got is... I got this direct...
Arrans: I think we just got... Let's go. Hey.
Kyle Musca: I think Ricky just got it right on there.
Arrans: It's all going to call.
Kyle Musca: Nice. Yeah, here we go, man.
Arrans: This is my Schmookform Script Frameworks. So, this basically just, if you're going to do it off the top of your head, this is what I use. I use this to actually write the script as well, but it's just problem, agitation, solution, action. Have we been over this before?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we did last time, yep. Yeah, I've already been through it.
Arrans: Pretty self-explanatory.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Perfect. Perfect. But other than that, man, like, is there anything else that you'd want me to be sort of working on, setting up, other than set up and get my Facebook sorted? No, we'll focus on getting the direct response ads up properly now.
Arrans: is boxback security. работает So, you're I can got three help properly.
Kyle Musca: yeah, the game makes sense I probably start working towards a lead magnet. I could see what would work really well for you potentially is doing like a tradie, like a 15 or 30-minute masterclass for tradies on how to lose weight as a tradie. I worked out in the mines. How long were you out in the mines?
Arrans: Five years.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I worked out in the mines for five years. In that time, I got in the best, you know, shape of my life.
Arrans: Now, you know, I've decided to help. Now my, you know, now my passions decide to  shift towards helping other guys that work on the tools get in the best shape of their life. And to do that, I've just put together a 15-minute masterclass, 30-minute masterclass on how tradies, you know, whatever the , tradies can shred, you 10 kilos of fat over the next 90 days. While working 10, 12-hour days.
Kyle Musca: And then what do you, like, sort of just, like, run through a bit of a  slideshow or something? Yeah, we'll build that presentation for you and you just boom report it, yeah. Yeah, right.
Arrans: And then it's just a resource to, do we promote that, do we push that through paid ads? Yeah, yeah. So it's like, so the thing with lead magnet is we just want hand raises, you know. if someone, if you're a, like, we did that masterclass, right?
Kyle Musca: Realistically, the only people that should want it, tradies who are looking to lose weight. Like, we want to speak to those  people. Then what we do is we give them value. So it's like, here's the what, you know, here's what you need to do.
Arrans: But that creates a gap because then it's like, oh, , like, this is a lot, you know, which then makes it a perfect time for you to step into it. The equation, like, oh, well, man, I can take care of all this for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arrans: Yeah. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: That's what a good lead magnet does. A good lead magnet either shines light on the problem that they're facing so they realize that you're the person that has the solution, or it's like a hyper-focused section of your product, if that makes sense, right? So it's like, for example, let's say you did a calorie calculator, right? That's one part of a much bigger equation of, like, then you need meal plans, and then you need , you know, adjustments based off your response, and then you need X, Y, Z, you know what I mean?
Arrans: So it's like that's, the calorie calculator is a small subsection of your much bigger offer, if that makes sense. Yeah. That makes sense. Good way to explain it is, like, if you go in a restaurant and they give you a free appetizer, right, you're going to feel pretty good about ordering from that restaurant. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And studies actually show people spend more if they do that, like give it a small appetizer away. But if they gave you such a big appetizer, right, that you no longer needed to eat dinner, you know what mean? Like they'd be . So we want to give them just a small taste of what it actually is. That's very cheap. Yeah. Yeah.
Arrans: Sick.
Kyle Musca: No, that makes me sick. I could probably make a bit of a project and get chapped.
Arrans: Yeah, I've got a full presentation, Bill, that I got to a really good point. When we get to that point, it's pretty easy to put together, actually. Sick.
Kyle Musca: All in good time.
Arrans: We'll probably start to look at doing something like that a little bit more next week. How did your Go High Level setup go? Have you fully set that up? Yeah. Yeah. Like, you're looking pretty good. I've got another call with the real Indian fella to finish it off with me.
Kyle Musca: It's been good. I've had like 300 bucks and they give me like four calls to teach me how to do it. Yeah, nice. Yeah, they seem, I think they must do that because they like.
Arrans: It does eat your , man, eh? Yeah. It doesn't. It doesn't  everything.
Kyle Musca: I was like, Jesus Christ. I never went through them, but that's good to know. I think they probably do it because like when someone signs on and they don't do that, they're like, oh, , this is confusing ads.
Arrans: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I've just been setting so it tracks the leads and set it up so I can book the calls and  through there instead of the calendar leads. And we've just seen where the leads are missing and  pretty much so far. Yeah.
Arrans: Yeah, sick. Sick. Yeah, cool. We'll cover all that when it's done, and we'll have a look at it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. How did you find the goalpost?
Arrans: Yeah, it was sick, man.
Kyle Musca: It was actually good to hang out with guys who were actually doing this , you know what I mean? Like, at home, bro, it's , like, it doesn't sound like arrogant or anything, but there's no one else, like, actually my age doing something.
Arrans: So now, like, I've just got people that sort of were, like, looking, like, hating on me, and now they're all trying to be in base and .
Kyle Musca: And I'm just like, I can't, like, I can't be fine. But it was just sick, bro, like, really, like, opening, actually hanging around, like, killing. Doing it as well, just bouncing ideas off each other, you know? Yeah, 100%. 100%. Man, you've got to get over to Thailand. You've got to get online. Yeah, I don't know. Well, I'd like to go to Thailand. Because I like to Thailand, so I reckon... Thailand's way  better.
Arrans: Well, stage is going to Dubai for 90 days in March. So we're thinking about going, like, at the end.
Kyle Musca: And how would you be there?
Arrans: Yeah, Dubai's cool. I wouldn't... I mean, it's cool. It's worth checking out. I don't know. If you're going to go somewhere, I'd recommend Thailand.
Kyle Musca: Like, Dubai is cool, but the time zones are a bit   if you're going to spend there, like, a long time. Like, I've to go there on Saturday. I'm to have to wake up at, like,  2 a.m. to, like, stay on top of things. But, yeah, it's definitely worth checking
Arrans: Yeah, just a cool  space, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, it's a  sick city. Like, it's huge. It's so spread out. If you're going to do it, we can chat about this when you're close to it, but, like, definitely stay in, like, JBR or more, like, I'd spend more money and stay closer.
Arrans: Because there's, like, it doesn't look like it's far on the map, and then you get there and, like, everywhere's, like, a 30-minute drive at least.
Kyle Musca: And you're like, . Yeah, right, yeah. Yeah, traffic's  awful, bro. So, yeah, I'll put it that. But, no, it was good, man. Even, like, I went and trained at the gym early, where everyone's done. And just going there, but, like, every time it's coaching, everyone's just doing stuff at least, like, and it's cool, because you sort of, when people are sort of in that mindset, getting after it, like, you just, you just chat about . And it's natural.
Arrans: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: 100%. Yeah, it's good. The gym's a really good social place. How's Sage going with Brian?
Arrans: He's going good, right?
Kyle Musca: He did. Yeah, he hit. That was our last one working together. So his ad's still running, but his cosplay lead's creeping up. So, it's interesting to how it goes, but all in good time. Yeah, it's good. But he's good. He's a good brother. Like he said, you  got it to this point.
Arrans: That's why I'm like,  it. That's why I was trying to push you to do Doug at the table. Because I was like, yeah, I was trying to get Doug to get it to you. Yeah, no, I spoke to Doug like twice, but every time it takes like a month to reply.
Kyle Musca: I'm like,  that, man. like, if I told you to do something. And it took, like, a month to do it. I'd be like, so off, yeah. Oh, yeah, because they're really all talking, like, how we were going, which was sick because there was no, like, there was no ego or anything.
Arrans: So, like, everything was just that different.
Kyle Musca: Like, there was some stuff.
Arrans: But when I said, oh, this is what I did, like, organically, it a call. was my top guy. Yeah. Yeah. I think there'd be a little bit of a conflict of interest there as well because I've sort of seen this as well. Like, oh, my God.
Kyle Musca: That's what I remember saying, so insulted about that. That was, you know, crazy  or something.
Arrans: Hey. Stage that has poetology about it because she was crazy or something. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Is he still saying it? I don't know. I don't know if he is. Maybe not. What's her name?
Arrans: Holly or something? Is she blunt? Is she blunt? Yeah. Isabella. don't know. Yeah. does she have a twin sister? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I met her. Is that right? Yeah, she was, um, she was just a bit airy. I don't think she was, she wasn't crazy to me, she just wasn't very, it's tough. Yeah, Because, yeah, he said she, he said she's, he's better than, he's better than all of them. Yeah, I was the one that, like, kind of prompted the idea for her to get into it, um, but she's, like, got no knowledge on the subject at all. Like, she used to tell me what she'd eat, and it'd be, like, yogurt and some fruit, and it would be, like, like, probably, like, good 40 grams of protein a day, like, not even kidding. And I was, like, holy , that's just, but I was, like, you you have a big following, so you do well coaching. Yeah. But no, it was good, bro. It was good. Sage and I was just growing up like we did the day filming. It was good to see how he pumps out his filming and stuff as well. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sage is a bit of a workhorse, man. He just sort of gets it done. Good.
Arrans: Cool, man. Well, yeah. I was going to say, I'm not going to get into I'm Coast anytime soon, but I was going to say, if you're on Gold Coast, let me know. Yeah. If you're in Thailand, for whatever reason, let me know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arrans: Are you going to stay there for a while? Yeah. I'm thinking about, man, like the long-term, like if you stay here long-term, like, oh, the rent becomes  so cheap.
Kyle Musca: Like we were looking at this one place in, like, if you're going to come to, I'll probably come to Phuket and then go down south. The beaches are  sick. And there's like a whole fitness hub down there. I'm on the north side at the moment. But there was, like, one place, and it was, like, a four-bedroom, like, mansion, like, pool, super modern and everything. And on AMB&B for the month, was, like, 18 grand or something.
Arrans: And it was, like, reduced down to, like, I think 13.
Kyle Musca: And then they said that they'd do 10 grand for it if we booked for a month because you get better rates.
Arrans: But then there were also, like, a property management thing.
Kyle Musca: So it's, if you do a long-term rental for, like, six months, you can get the place for, like, less than, like, I think it was, like, less than $7,000. grand or something at a month. And I was, like, holy . Massive four-bedroom, like, right in the best area and everything. was, like, oh, that's not bad. Like, you couldn't do that. You couldn't do that anywhere else, getting a  one. Yeah, like,  so nice as well.
Arrans: And the beach, I, because I've been to Phuket before, but I went to Patong, which is, like, the party main, and... Probably the most famous area. And the beach there was pretty . Like, it wasn't horrid, but it was very average. But the beach I went to on the weekend, which is down in that area, it was probably, like, almost better than the Gold Coast beaches. And I was like, , that's, that's tempting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's sick. Yeah, and they go, like, they go, like, it's the area where, like, Tiger Muay Thai and everything is.
Arrans: Do you know Tiger Muay Thai? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, but it's, like, a whole street where it's just, like, all these different gyms, all these different Muay Thai gyms. Have you been doing, like, have you been training for a time over there? Yeah, yeah, so I'm doing, like, two Muay Thai sessions a week and then three gym sessions a week. That's sick.
Arrans: Yeah, so,  awesome place. I might, I might get it so, there's, like, this elite membership thing you can get. So, basically, it's, like, 30 grand, but it lasts you five. Five years, you can sort of come and go as many times as you want, whenever you want. You don't pay tax. You have to move your business here or anything like that.
Kyle Musca: After paying for clients and accommodation and everything, I'd probably save them. Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
Arrans: Yeah, so do you, so because you've set up your business out at Dubai now, do you have to keep going back there for a certain period of time to get the tax benefit? You just have to enter the country once every six months.
Kyle Musca: That's like, if I wanted to, I could literally just reach out at the airport and then turn around and come straight back and it'll be fine.
Arrans: Yeah, so, yeah, it's pretty crazy. So the business will be set up there. It only takes like 13 grand or something to 15 grand, I think it was total, to do like all the bank transfers, the visas. There's the business setup, everything like that, which isn't nothing, but I was paying that and a single BAS bill. So I was like,  that, I'm going to just go set up there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you, I've heard it, like, you, you're supposed to say, ATSB, are you going to have a survey?
Arrans: Like,  it. I don't know if I said it, guys.
Kyle Musca: It's so , bro.
Arrans: It's so .
Kyle Musca: You guys, Cages?
Arrans: No. They don't miss you. They don't And one of the things it works, man, they keep rolling out all new taxes because the government doesn't  understand that you probably shouldn't overspend.
Kyle Musca: You should probably cut back on unnecessary spending, but... I don't think it would get better anytime soon.
Arrans: Hands while left.
Kyle Musca: Thank I don't know if you get into the political side of things too much, but... Well, really. I don't know. I listen to that. I feel a bit of a physical, but I know it's amazing. I'd like to get to that point where I go and set it up elsewhere.
Arrans: Yeah, I had to sort of step back when it was  me off too much. When you sort of see what they actually kind of do behind the scenes. Because, like, a lot of Aussies are just like, you know, I just want to do my thing, make my own money, and  it. And I don't care about the government, the politics, and everything like that. But then they just... It's because of that they can just go behind everyone's back and just   you.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah.
Arrans: But, oh, well.
Kyle Musca: All fun and games. All fun and games. Nah, thanks. Nah, bud. Thanks, Ease, bro.
Arrans: That's a good match.
Kyle Musca: To this point, you know, that's sort of why I came down a bit of, like, celebration. Yeah, 100%, man. No, my pleasure, bro. Yeah, hopefully if things keep going the way they are, yeah, we'll  scale it pretty high from here. think it's sick. Yeah, I'll be doing that when come visit in Thailand, near the missus. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Yeah, I mean, this is always up for your missus as well, but I was like kind of chatting to my missus. My missus is just like really good at like content. Like she doesn't get heaps and heaps of engagement or anything like that, but she's really good at like the branding side of the content. She's really good at sales and like just a really good approach in general. So, I mean, if your missus wants to get into the business side of things, there's a potential that they always like work together with whatever they've come up with and just sort of like, because she said she was kind of keen to potentially get into that sort of role.
Arrans: But yeah, just an idea. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. she's, she has to, because I told her to follow your business to get content ideas, Fathom.
Kyle Musca: And she's slowly, I've just been trying to help her. think she's at like six clients. And that's what she said. Like if she can get to at least make like 15 million a week, then she wants to go get some help. And I said, like, oh, let's see if Kyle's missus wants to help. because I think it's huge. I've been starting to do a mentor, right?
Arrans: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, 100%. 100%. I think, you know, you just don't, with mentors, I found, you just don't want go for someone who's, you know, built just a massive company because you're not working with them. And it's just, well,  am I paying for it? Do you remember when we had a, I was at a call with that team and I was crossing between you and game and, um, and, um. Like, I've had, like, two people I've talked to who went to Cam around that same time. And Chris, like, now he's gone on some tangent doing a different thing. Like, he's just, like, just gave up nothing for that. Like, he did nothing with it. And I was just like, it's hard to go. I had a call with a dude last week who's with Cam.
Arrans: He's been with Cam for six months. And, you know, him and Reece, the clients always say the same. It's like, we're focusing on tracking data and refining backend systems.
Kyle Musca: And it's like, your business hasn't grown at all. But I was chatting to him.
Arrans: Been with him for, like, six months. And he's like, yeah, we're tracking all the data and making sure that's all accurate, which only takes, like, an hour to set up. It's not that  hard. And he's like, yeah, through December, man, because there's a, he's, like, New Zealand-based. Like, a lot of his clients are in New Zealand. He's like, yeah, I lost pretty much half my client base and everything like that.
Kyle Musca: And I was like, and he's charging him three grand a month. And I was like, dude, what the  are you doing? He's got a good father. He's like, yeah, we're just doing this eight-week challenge thing.
Arrans: And I was like, that's not going to work for you.
Kyle Musca: And he was doing a low ticket as well, like just horrible setup. And yeah, and he's like, oh, yeah, sounds great. And then he moved forward with it and he came back the next day. He's like, oh, I'm going to see this out with Cam for the next like three months or six months or something. I was like, dude, you're a  idiot, man. Like, if I was with a mentor and half my business collapsed on itself, I would immediately ask for my money back. Yeah.
Arrans: What if I'm, you would have seen him. He doesn't promote his main bank. He used to be called the trade.
Kyle Musca: He's selling like, he's been trying to sell me at a go-high level, like he's wide-labeled it. And he's trying to sell it to coaches like his sister.
Arrans: But he's essentially just promoting that you don't have the post-organic, you just have the place to pay it as.
Kyle Musca: It's like, he's only got 4,000 followers, and he reckons he's killing them just through paid ads. But I'm like, you need to post that game. Man, anyone that does that is just a   artist. Like, I work with a guy, have you seen that Will Tennyson guy?
Arrans: Not Tennyson, Will Nielsen or whatever?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he signed up for his three-month thing, it was like 20 grand, and he got like no  help out of it at all.
Arrans: And his whole thing is promoting, like, you don't need to post content, you can just run ads. And it's just like, it's just, with the Go High Level thing as well, if anyone ever says that to you, immediately just  them off.
Kyle Musca: Because all it is, is a snapshot, which basically means you can just take your settings in your account and just like immediately upload them into someone else's account. Yeah, so it's like,  not worth it in any way, shape, or form for what they usually charge for it. And then you've also got to be careful as well, because Go High Level is pretty complicated. Like, I don't know if you know him, his name's Jesse, but he came from Reese and Reese did that to him, where he uploaded something into his account.
Arrans: I think it was pretty expensive to start to set up, but what he'd also done is, I'm not sure if this was, like, intentional or what happened here, but it was very suss. But he was charging him $15 a day for that snapshot, which is free. Like, once they upload, it's free, but you can add an invoice on it.
Kyle Musca: And I was charging him $15 a day, which is, like, every 10 days, that's $150.
Arrans: And had been charging him for, like, months after he'd stopped working with him. And I was, like, that's so . Yeah. Yeah, well, this, like, this lovely girl, he's charging, like, $2.5,000 to set it up, and then $100 just to use, just to keep it on your account.
Kyle Musca: And I'm, like, I was, like, I would call him up, but he just set it up for me on the phone with me for $300. Yeah. All that stuff's just . . All that stuff, it's just a scam. I would say it's a scam. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it for the help.
Arrans: It's quite cool, just off graphics. I reckon the video ads would probably, do reckon they'd go a bit better than you? No, graphics usually bring in more volume, but the video is usually bring in better quality, so it's a bit difficult. Cool, man. Yeah, we'll see how it goes. But yeah, it's looking really good so far. Sick. All right, bro. Safe travels, man. I will chat to you soon. Yes, too easy.
Kyle Musca: See you, bro. See you,


>>> 83/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-05T05:06:24Z | id:119906904
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Hey, how going? This meeting is being recorded. Muted.
Morgan Eldrett: Helm's losing the plot, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Okay. How are you? Good, how are you?
Morgan Eldrett: I'm good, I'm good. I'm brazzled because I'm sitting at the kitchen table, but that's all right.
Kyle Musca: Awesome.
Morgan Eldrett: I just was just realized I didn't do the CEO dashboard because I got a little bit lost the other day and I just realized I completely forgot to do it. But I can do that kind of as we go on the call if you want.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll do it together just so I can show you how to grab that stuff.
Morgan Eldrett: Let's go into the check-in form first. Yeah, I just got lost in the running chat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so can you send me the link to your dashboard? Your C-dashboard?
Morgan Eldrett: Yes, I can do that. Sorry, this is just so far. It's on me right now.
Kyle Musca: Emma's not coming. Come on, come on, come Okay, that's the C-dashboard there. Perfect, thank you.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, my God. Okay, I'm just swapping that again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let's have a look at this. So, for leads and ads managers, this is the less important one, because it doesn't do this calculation. But it's good for us to make sure that things are connected and working well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, and I got lost, sorry, what you were asking for me to approve some setting. I wasn't sure where that was popping up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think you have to log into Facebook and then go to your page settings and approve it. I haven't had to do that one myself in like ages. I can't remember off the top of my head. But what I would do with anything like that is if you do get lost, I would just like throw the screenshot into ChatGPT and just say like what I do here.
Morgan Eldrett: should sort of sort of work. But that was actually in Facebook, not in this?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'm pretty sure you'll have to actually log into Meta and approve the settings, into Facebook and approve the settings.
Morgan Eldrett: Right, okay, that's where I was going wrong.
Kyle Musca: So, okay. Now to do this, so you see I've got columns here?
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: So your one will be satellite. Like performance or something else. It won't be set to that.
Morgan Eldrett: So you've got to come and click custom. Yep.
Kyle Musca: So for me, I've already created it. So I'm just going to go on this, click the pen, and you just type lead. And you just need these two.
Morgan Eldrett: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And that will give you the total. So if we're looking at the 29th to the 5th, can you give me edit access, please? Oh, yes.
Morgan Eldrett: Is that going to email me? Let's have a look at it. Share requests. Edit. There we go. Cool.
Kyle Musca: That should be able to edit. And then just be cautious with these. So at the top here, you'll see the different squares. That will just open up Feb for you. Yeah. Yeah. So this period would be from the 29th to the 4th. So what that is.
Morgan Eldrett: So am I supposed to be in the 5th of the 2nd aisle right now?
Kyle Musca: I mean, it doesn't matter. Yeah, I mean, like either or, as long as you sort of keep the same. Probably what I would do is, it is technically, to avoid confusion, because it kind of does make more sense. We'll just do it in this column. So that would mean that you've spent 744 so far. Yeah, cool. Based off that, you've gotten 8 leads in meta. All right. So now, then in ManyChat, so I tried to get your videos out, but the targeting wasn't good, and I'm trying to create this new campaign, as you can see, but they've got a bug with it, because they must have recently changed it, so I'm just kind of waiting on that to fix itself. I did reach out to support yesterday, so hopefully that gets solved soon. So filter, tag, qualified, subscribed after the, in this case, the 29th, and then subscribed before the 4th, should give us 8. So, everything is nice and connected there. Now, and the reason that is, cost per conversation is high here. It's because it was getting caught on, like, these video ads, which just weren't performing.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what was happening from the get-go here is they were actually, like, performing well in terms of, like, getting messages through some really good cosplay results. But so basically the way Meta's had its messaging campaign set up is essentially we are focusing on – it's for engagement, right? So its goal is to get as many messages through, Meta being Meta. A lot of people don't actually know what they're looking for, so it's like Meta's like, cool, someone messaged you, could have been misclick, could have been whatever the , we're going to charge you, doesn't matter. That's your problem. As you can see here, no leads were really pulling through. There was no leads coming from them. So what that's telling me is it's getting aggressively hooked on the wrong audience, hence why I turned it off. With the new leads campaign, the new sort of settings that they've done, it optimized – It should, theoretically, should optimize around the actual lead itself. So right now what's kind of happening is it's optimizing around the cost per result. And I can just clearly identify whether or not, you know, the leads from that are quality, but there's no actual relation to, you know, that it's not trying to search for more people that have good quality lead. It's just the audience that happened to get hooked on, right? Then it can go the negative way of what I just explained there, where getting really good cost per result, but then horrible leads, like they're not the right people. So switching that, it should focus on that data point more. But again, it's being buggy and annoying. So that should come down. On the flip side of that, the graphics ones, as you can see here, are sitting at $30 cost per lead, which is really, really healthy. Like, if you're in the 40s for a cost per lead, like, you know, it's very scalable. Like, you can make a lot in return from that. So $30 is  awesome. And then we'll just see how it goes, whether it keeps putting more budget on that one or it spreads it a little bit more evenly. But ideally, I'm wanting them to fix that bug hopefully as soon as possible so I can get that new campaign set up. Yeah. Yeah. Total ad bookings, you got nine, did you say? Nine?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, but that wasn't all from the ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so how many ads did you get? How many bookings from ads?
Morgan Eldrett: Where are we? 29. Do we count the 29?
Kyle Musca: Yes. So 29 to the 4th.
Morgan Eldrett: 2, 3, 4. 4 calls from the ads. And then 1, 2.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. 3. Okay. So what are you using to, as your booking system, Calendly or go high level?
Morgan Eldrett: Calendly.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, and then do you have two different calendars for organic and then ads? Yeah. So I would split them anytime we want to see where different people are coming from. I would always just split them so we can clearly identify this was an ad call. This was a, you know, so for example. Go high level is quite good. We'll look at probably using that in the future once we get all this set up. But for example, like the red ones are, so the red ones are people that have like manually booked themselves in organically, because they qualified. The green ones are organic inquiries that my setters have reached out and booked in. The blue ones are from ads. There's purple ones, which are like from, you know, different offers and stuff. So you just kind of want to always clear. Really identify where calls are coming from.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And it can just be like as simple as just duplicating the booking and just, you know, changing the like one thing.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So 50% booking rate, which means like the conversating in the DM seems to be quite good. You did put that on your check-in form. DM's not feeling good.
Morgan Eldrett: Sorry. Hold on. Let just write that. Organic. Otherwise I'll forget. Yeah. Kind of just, I feel like a bit not going very well. I've been having trouble with the setter. Like she's just missing so many messages. And then like she is checking in and checking out saying like she's working from 8 till 10 and then 6 till 8 or whatever. But then like from 8 till 10, there's still a message that's like 16 hours old. That she's missed. So I've, like, I've been trying to check on it as much as possible, but I would, like, screenshot and then send it to her and then she'll be like, oh yeah, sorry, but, like, it keeps happening. Is this Clemé or the actual setup? The actual setup, but then I messaged Clemé and said, can you please, like, sort her out? Because she would, like, she'd say, I'm, like, checking in at 8, but then, like, at 8.30, there'd be, like, four DMs.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would just screenshot that to be like, hey, mate, the set is clearly not working in the account. I've mentioned this multiple times. If, you know, I don't feel like it's fair that I'm paying for these hours if she's not actually actively working. Like, you kind of, if you've already brought it, like, obviously the first, you know, time or two, it's like, you know, there's no reason to sort of get super  about it. It's just whatever part of the process. But it's like, if you've already told them about doing something and they're continuously doing. about.com It's like you'd have to put your foot down. It's like, well,  sort it out.
Morgan Eldrett: Otherwise, don't charge me, essentially. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: With the setters, again, this is just like an idea. I'm currently looking at getting different setters just because Clemé seemed to have gone through some back-end hiring, staffing issues or something like that. Still, you know, it's not horrible, but it's just like a little bit unstable. Like, I had a guy in there that was doing really, really good last year, and then, you know, I didn't know that he had even, like, really gone. Clemé just got someone else in my account, and like, that obviously , you know, you just don't want to figure stuff out just because  hits the fan, you know what mean? So what I'm looking at doing is sourcing. I've found a way to source, like, experience setters, so they've got previous experience, and then, like, you can just sort of train them directly, exactly. So they just work in your account, and they really understand your tonality, and you can just... Trade them, give them feedback directly. So with that, I mean, it's an option, you don't have to do it. But with that, it's roughly around usually 10 USD, like as a flat rate, but there's no commissions on it. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to put them, like pair them with really similar accounts. So for example, like I was talking to Kyle about this yesterday, like I said, it could go into both Kyle and my account because it's, you know, same terminology, same tone, same demographic. So the tonality of the setter should be like pretty good either way. So that's an option there. And then if we were to do that, it would bring it down to like six USD each per hour.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. If that makes sense. So, yeah. So I'm probably going to do that with Brie as well. So the options there.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Cool. Well, yeah, I think so. Like, cause I mean, I'm just going back and forth and Dave. Keep  Kyle around today as well. Keep booking people in like right last minute. And we were saying like, we'll just give it another week, see how it goes.
Kyle Musca: And then change if not.
Morgan Eldrett: But yeah, that's the only thing I sort of noticed was like, yeah, lots like getting missed. And then by the time I noticed, it was probably too late.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So with, you know, those types of hires, setters, closers, I mean, even coaches, any hire really, if they start, if their performance starts lagging, it's like, you know, obviously don't just pull the trigger too quickly. But especially someone in like a sales position, so setters or closers, like if they're just not doing their job properly, and you kind of like, you can get caught in like, oh, like I'll leave it another week or leave it a few more days, see if it gets better. And like, you know, you should do that at the very start and actually give it like a week or a few days just to see, you know, if they can get out of the slump. But I wouldn't, you know, I'd be cautious not to, you know. Get caught in, like, a bit of a rip where you just sort of bang your head against a wall and be like, oh, you know, it will change, it will change, it will change, it should get better.
Morgan Eldrett: Like, it's just, trust me, it's just not worth it. Yeah. Then she sends me my bill and I'm like, why? What did I pay for? I don't know. But anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So for someone like that, I would, for something, if she's, like, actually, like, not in the account working the key hours you're telling her you need to work, it's, like, I would just say to Clement, hey, no one's messaged, you know, for half an hour, please don't bill me for this hour. Like, if no one's going to be actually actively in my account for the full hour, don't bill me.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, cool. She was saying, the setter was saying, like, oh, they're not showing up in, on my PC, like, the messages. And I don't know if that was just an excuse or, I was like, is there something that maybe is, um. Um, like, is there a glitch, but.
Kyle Musca: I'll just say, send me a screenshot.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, because I can see her.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, well, you can see plenty. I don't know if that's all of them, but it's, like.
Kyle Musca: These are all qualified leads.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But even. I mean, that was at $4.50. So, I mean, they did follow up, but since then, there's been no other follow-ups.
Morgan Eldrett: And see, even, like, that Lauren Thomas, that, that hasn't been replied to. When was that? She said that Tuesday. I have obviously not seen this one. Um, but, like, the DM said that she's worked every day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, like.
Morgan Eldrett: She was annoying. I mean, she rescheduled the call.
Kyle Musca: was But, um, the setter should be on that.
Morgan Eldrett: Um, but yeah, anyway, I think, um, other than that, like, I'll just, I'll message Clemé today and just see, um, what she says anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, I'd be on top of putting it for Dana. Okay, so how many of those four ad bookings showed up?
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, ad, one, uh, two, three. Yeah, I think now I've got myself confused with, like, who was ad booking and who was not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so definitely split them just to make it nice and easy. But even the three, that's a good shop, right? Right. Right. And then how many are closed to?
Morgan Eldrett: Of the ad ones, only one, which was a girl that actually knew. So it wasn't like any new ones, basically. I found definitely the ads so far, the people have been, obviously, like, it's a colder call. So they haven't been as, like, smooth. Those sales calls that have gone really well are, like, people that already follow me or know me, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's, like, just coming down to the client, like, the prospect's temperature. Warm calls, warm marketing, always so much easier than cold because I haven't built that trust and relationship with you. And that's where, I guess, really understanding the, I guess, psychology of sales and everything like that. really comes in, like, massively just because you want, if you, the further you can shift a cold person into a really emotional state, the more likely you're good for the sale. So on the, how much cash did you collect off that one sale?
Morgan Eldrett: Direct ad. Oh, which one is that one? Let me just look. Um, she did fortnightly, I think, yeah, fortnightly, so, like, only $300.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and what package do you sell around?
Morgan Eldrett: Um, the one for $1.8, because I hadn't changed the prices yet.
Kyle Musca: So $1,000. So, yeah, even if, like, one sale, you still got a 2.4, so almost 2, 2.5 return on investment in terms of contract value. Um. These numbers, obviously, like, there's just not heaps of them in terms of volume coming through. So we would ideally like to get that higher. But overall, like, again, this is why it's important to track that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, I feel like I was on a roll with the calls. Like, I had, I think, on the 27th, 28th, 29th, I sold, like, three, like, boom, boom, boom. And then I had, like, yeah, pretty much from there, just a bunch of no's, essentially. But then I sold one yesterday for in full, but she was an organic lead. She was, like, an old client of mine anyway. So she was, like, an easy sell.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we'll quickly do this as well. So there was four organic bookings. How many of those four showed up?
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, sorry. Sorry, that should be five. No, hold on. Oh, yeah, five organic, sorry. And then four showed up. And then one sold.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then how much cash collected?
Morgan Eldrett: That one, $1,800.
Kyle Musca: Just paid in full?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So I think what's probably happening here is like looking at this overall, you know, again, it'd be ideal to get more volume through that. But I think it's probably, you know, it looks to me from the numbers that if we can improve sales, then again, it's hard to say because it's not heaps of volume through it. But like that's seeming to be the bottleneck right now, right?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So how do you feel like you're going objection handling on these calls?
Morgan Eldrett: Terribly. Well, I feel like I nailed the call. I'm like, yeah, that was like right to the end. They seem so invested. We've like really diving in. And then like sort of I say the packages and then for one, two, three, they were like super keen and I kind of believed them. And then they obviously just weren't. And so I sort of just got a bit flustered. I think I was messaging you about, what did I message you asking about if they weren't as emotional?
Kyle Musca: Like if they don't have heaps of pain.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: So I had like a couple that were like really good. Like I feel like we just nailed it. We like clicked and then it was like perfect. And then they were like, yeah, yeah, keen. And then like, they were just like, I'm going to ask my husband or whatever. And I was like, whatever. And I feel like I just, I don't know, to be honest, I feel like I just flop at the end, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So one, I think this is just coming down to a mindset shift more than anything. And again, this is just like, you know, you experience it as sales. But like one, like never, ever, ever let them get off the phone. Like I would rather see you, you know, push it and come across as salesy and learn from that than you like getting off the phone because you never hear from it again. So it doesn't even matter. You know what mean? Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if you go into it with that mindset, then you're ready to objection handle a lot harder. And then two, like the sale only really starts at the objection handle. Like everything up until that point is to try and get them like ideally not to objection handle and, you seeing the value in the program. But the actual sale itself, like the skill that has to come in, there's obviously skill. It goes into everything else before that, but the, like, real sales skill comes into play there. So what's the most common objection that you're getting here?
Morgan Eldrett: It's literally every single one was that they had to speak to their husband.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So with that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, and I feel like I just, I was talking to Kyle about this, like, we have to just assume, because I'm assuming the best. I'm like, yeah, sure. Like, that's so fair. Like, of course, he probably does handle the money, but I have to just assume that that's just a ruse.
Kyle Musca: It is. It's a smokescreen objection.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you've got, so you've got, so, so, like, value, for example, it's expensive. I need to shake my finances. That's an actual objection, right? Because it's something. It's a real thing. I need to think about it, or I need to ask my partner is not an objection, because you can't overcome it, right? You can overcome objections. You can't overcome, I need to speak to my partner. The objection Objection is, what are you speaking to your partner about? That is the objection. That's what we need to uncover. So let's break it down. Let's see if I can use this whiteboard thing to explain it. I'll show it a bit better. All right. So partner objection. Let's speak to my partner. All right. And that's going to take us to. So the first thing you need to do is if you just go straight into objection handling, then they will, like their guard will immediately go up and you won't be able to get through them. All right. So first thing is you need to, I guess, empathize and then give them an out. All right. So this is like, yeah, no, completely understand. And it is, you know, a big decision at the end of the day. I don't know if I invested into, you know, something like this without running apart my partner. For me, I say like I'll sleep in the doghouse, right? Which reality, like, I'm not sure how you and Cal go about things, but like, I think for the majority of people, you should be able to make a decision by your own. You invest into yourself, right?
Morgan Eldrett: We think it's  strange. Like I would never ask Callum for me to spend money ever.
Kyle Musca: Right? Even it a funny. Yeah. And that's the thing. Like I don't think most people really would. Most people do. They're just using it as a thing to, you know, they're using it as a, and they might not even be conscious about it, right? Because they want to do the program and everything, but they're using it as a cope so they don't have to make a decision. Oh, need to ask my partner so I don't have to make the decision right now, right? So what we need to do is empathize, give them a way out. Yeah, that's no stress. Completely understand. . If I did something like this without asking my partner, I'd be in the doghouse. Haha. Just out of curiosity, how long do you feel like you'd sort of need to actually have that chat with your partner? Or a day or so? This isn't really super important, but sometimes I like to try and like make them seem like a little bit of a  by being like, Oh yeah, is the day long enough? Like you want to push this back another week? Like, you know what mean? Like, you've got to be careful because if you say it too, like, arrogant-ish, then their guard will go up and you'll ruin it. Be like, yeah, no, a day should be fine. Okay, cool. And then this is where we need to loop back to the actual objection, right? So we've given them an out to get their guard down and it's like, okay, now we go back into the objection. So loop back to the objection. And, you I'm sure that, you know, you'll probably have a few questions for me after chatting with your partner. I guess, like, what was it specifically that you guys wanted to run over together just so I'm on the same page, right? So looping back to the objection and then we isolate the objection, right? So what that means is we need to make sure that we're very clear on what it is that we actually need to overcome. That would usually say something like, finances, right? Let's just go with that. It's nice of you. Okay, so now we've got the actual isolated objection of, oh, it's finances, okay? Okay, cool. Now we need to see if, we need to reframe, right? So the issue... So in sales, again, another mindset philosophy I'd go by is like, you can never tell them something. You have to ask them questions so they get to the conclusion themselves, right? So if you're, you know, this is where people start to panic and get real defensive. They're like, oh, but my program's like, it's easily worth it. And like, you know, this, it's $2,000, but it's going to completely change your life. And, you know, you're not going to find another coach that's like, as, you know, as X, Y, Z as me, right? And they're just going to be like, you're full of  and you'll scare them off, right? So it's reframed, like, cool. Yeah, completely. Okay. So isolate, loop back the objection. What is it you want to run over with your partner? Money? Okay, right. So yeah, it's just, you know, from the sounds of things, it's the, you do actually want to do the program. And it's more so just like making sure that the finances sort of fit within budget, right? Yes, cool. We've isolated the objection, right? Fantastic. And I guess like price aside, this is the reframe price aside, you know, would you Would you do the program? Yeah. Okay. Fantastic. And just so I'm on the same page with you, like on a scale of one to 10, with 10 being, you know, the program is perfect, right? I could not add anything else to it if I tried. And one, I'm a complete dickhead and I've missed the mark. And it wasn't what you're looking for at all. Where are we sitting? Right? They're going to say 789. Cool. So, I mean, seven's pretty high. Why isn't it lower? Right? So get them to say. Like, actually verbalize the value of the program. Right? Oh, it's, you know, you just seem so caring and obviously you've competed at such a high level and, you know, I've seen all the transformations and there's so much structure, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Right? Cool. And then this isn't as important. I'm just going to keep it for that. But it's like, okay, cool. And like, what do we need to do to get it to a 10? Sometimes they'll say nothing. Sometimes they'll say, you know, bring the price down, whatever. Right? Cool. Okay. So, yeah. Yeah. You know, I appreciate you being honest with me. So here's where I kind of like to say, get on the same side of the table. Right? So the reason we do this is because if we're argumentative and we're going back and forth, it's a conversation you're going to lose because at the end of the day, they're the ones that need to take the credit card out and actually pay. So they've got the control, right? We need to get on the same side of the table and work towards a solution. Yeah, look, I completely understand. And then, again, give another out. So whenever we do this, we always release pressure from the situation by giving it out. So, yeah, I completely understand. And at the same time, like, completely understand. And I really appreciate you being sort of open and honest with me because at the end of the day, like, you know, I just want to see if we can make this work for you because you mentioned you did want to actually do the program. And look, if, you know, we can't make it work and it just doesn't fit within the budget, then unfortunately that's life sometimes, right? So giving you an out. If we can't make it work, it's fine. All right. Does that make sense? Yeah. So from here, this is where a payment breakdown would come into play. See how we, you a lot of people offer breakdowns straight away. See how we've gone through all these different steps and now it's time to bring in payment breakdown. All right. Cool. So, I mean, I completely understand, you know, covering, you know, 2000, you know, all in one go can be a little bit heavy on the bank account. I guess if we were able to break it down for you, would that sort of make it a little bit more reasonable for you to get started? Yeah. Okay. Cool. All right. Now we're working towards a solution. Cool. So yeah, I could do 1,200 and 400 a month after that. Would that be a bit more reasonable? See, I'm saying like more reasonable, like that kind of terminology, not do you want to do that or would that work for you? Right. Because we want to, we want to get, just get them comfortable to saying yes. Like if I, if I take 800. Away from the initial payment. Of course, it's going to make it more reasonable to get started, right? Yeah. Payment breakdown. Okay. Let's say they say, oh, yes, but I still need to speak to my partner, right? Because again, they come back to a comfortable objection because they know they can get out of it, right? And I would think of these as objection loops, right? So we start here, we get down to here, and then we re-ask. Payment breakdown slash re-ask. Right? Because if you don't re-ask, they're not going to say yes. So you have to, would that make it a little bit more reasonable? Yes. Okay. Did you want to run with that one? So direct ask, that ends the loop. So now we're going to another. Let's say they say, oh, I need to speak to my partner.
Morgan Eldrett: I'd like- Two people, say, because they handle all the money.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Were they working?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So something I would ask there is be like, okay, I completely understand that your partner sort of, you know, handles all the money and everything like that. Just out of curiosity, like, you said you're currently working as a nurse, let's say, right? So it's like, do you have any of your own disposable income? Like, can you go and sort of purchase things freely or like every transaction you do, you have to kind of run by a partner. Right. Because then they're going to like, yeah. Yeah. Like, you just have to get them to like admit that they're , what they're saying is stupid. You know what mean? Like, do you have a life? Like, do you ask your boyfriend to go, you know, take a piss? It's like, so here, right, is depend, obviously, this is obviously heavily dependent on what they say, right? like, do So it's like, you got to the point of the payment breakdown and they're like, my partner handles the money?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, well, it would have been like, yeah, okay, maybe I have to speak to my partner. And I was like, oh, that's like so fine. Like, what do have to talk to about? And they said, oh, yeah, just because like he, you know, handles all the bills and stuff. And I'm just going to have to run it by him first. And I was just sort of like, oh, that's valid. But, so that's, yeah, I didn't even think about like asking to break it down and if that would have helped. Because I kind of just was like, okay, sure. And that was it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like you kind of got to, from the sounds of it, like that, and then just went like, okay, that's fair. Yeah, I was just like, yep, cool. So bring it all through here. Now let's say that this is when they bring it up, partner handles money. All right, so this is going to be pretty, sort of. So similar for most cases, now we have to identify whether or not it's a fear or logistics decision, right? So easy way to do that is by asking directly. You don't beat around the bush here because you kind of need to figure out. Obviously, there's a way to ask it, but we've already kind of brought them through a little bit. So you kind of have a little bit more freeway here. So my partner handles all the money. Yeah, I completely understand that. And just out of curiosity, so this is where you go into like, you said you're sort of currently working as a full-time nurse, let's say. Yeah, okay. And just so I'm on the same page with you, is it like, you know, does he handle like all the bank accounts and you have to ask him for every single sort of transaction you ever do? Or is it like, do you actually have your own bank accounts and stuff and you can actually like pay for stuff yourself sometimes, right? Oh, like I do, but he handles the overall money. Yeah, no, I completely understand that. that, you was make Yeah. Yeah. But, yeah. Yeah. And fear and logistics. So now we have to figure it out. And is it more of a matter of like, you know, you do have the actual like physical funds available in your name that you could sort of invest into something like this? And you just need to make sure that actually sort of one, that he's okay with it. And two, that it's not going to like massively throw you out. Or is it more of a matter of like, you know, you just don't have any money to your name and it's all in his bank account. Right. Because I don't know who on the  right mind, like if their money is all in their boyfriend's bank account and they have nothing to their name, they're probably just an idiot and you wouldn't want to work with them anyway. Right. Now, so the reason we do that is because they then identify, do they have the money to actually do it? If they say, yes, they have the money to do it and it's in their bank account, then it's a fear-based objection because logistically they have the funds available. If it's a logistic-based, you know... And it's like, oh no, I don't have the money. Let's say it's all in my partner's thing. It's like, then you have to logistically solve how they can actually make payment. So literally in that situation, you'd kind of be like, cool. You know, is your boyfriend around? Ideally, he would be. But like, okay, cool. Well, like, do you want to go grab it? And we'll like bring him in and we'll have a chat about this.
Morgan Eldrett: So we're all on the same page.
Kyle Musca: Like, it's, you know, kind of ballsy thing to do. And it might feel a bit awkward doing it. But I guarantee you, like, if I was like, you know, let's say we're on a sales call and you said that, like, is your partner around? You know, Cal's there. Cool. Well, do you want to just quickly go grab it? And we can sort of like, just sort of have the conversation, all three of us together, just so we're all on the same page. Because I guarantee you, like, if, you know, if Brie got, was doing something like that, and someone said that, and she came and got me, I don't give a  what you do. Like, you know what I mean?
Morgan Eldrett: And then she's, if it was, if it was so, like, if somebody was so controlling, then that's just a red flag anyway. Like, yeah, like, she's never going to be able to.
Kyle Musca: Change her life until she grows a pair of figurative balls and just, you know, takes control somewhat of her life.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, like, you know, you're kind of in that, that would work well for, like, the three-way situation there because, like, if you bring, like, let's say Cal comes in, like, hey, man, how going? Cool. Well, I've just been speaking to Morgan. Like, she's really keen to lose this, you know, sort of 10 kilos in the next three months. We've had a really great conversation. We really got to the, you know, how much of, like, you know, how much it would move her towards the woman she wants to become. And, man, we're just kind of, like, at the point where she just wanted to make sure that you're on the same page with it, just to make sure that, you know, you do feel confident and comfortable with the decision that she makes today. Man, would you be supportive of her doing sort of something like this? Yeah, yeah, I don't care. Cool. Okay. Well, yeah, fantastic. Well, I guess, Morgan, like, if that's the case, like, you know, I mean, what did you want to do next?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, because they're not going to say that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like, you know what mean? No one on camera is going to come in and be like, hey, do you want your girlfriend to lose 10 kilos and, you know, feel more confident herself in front of a stranger? No one's going to be like, no.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's probably more so fear-based rejection, right? Oh, I do, I just have to make sure that, you know, I've got the funds available, let's just say, right? I just got to make sure it doesn't throw me in. Okay, got you. Now, here's where you can do, again, with objection handles, you can do all different types of  things, right? Here's where I would probably do, like, maybe a perspective change, right? Cool. Well, do you mind if I offer a different perspective on that? Yeah. Okay. So currently, right, let's say you're, let's imagine you're currently on an island, right? You've been on this island for the last, let's say, two years. They've been struggling with their weight for two years, right? You've been walking around in circles looking for a way to get off this. Thank you. Right? And you just get continuously walking around in circles. Obviously, there's no way off. Right? I've come along with, you know, this cruise ship and I've offered you a ticket straight to the mainland so you can, you know, become the woman that you want to be and you can start living the life you want to live and you can get on with your life. Right? So I guess, what decision are you going to make sort of right now? Are you going to continue to stay on the island and continue to just walk around in circles hoping that, you know, a bridge will magically appear? Or, you know, at worst case or best case scenario, another cruise ship comes by in six months time and maybe it's the same price, maybe it's more expensive and you pay the same price or more, but you've wasted six months in the process doing so. Or are you going to take the decision today to take control of your own life, take control of your own health and take control of the woman you want to be tomorrow and jump on this cruise ship and let me sail you to the whole. NeuroLead, right? What decision are you going to make? Yeah. Yeah. So now it's kind of coming into like coaching almost, like mindset coaching.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I'm saying?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I get it. And even you just saying that then doesn't sound salesy. Like it literally is just you being like, well, are you going to change your life or not? Which, yeah, is kind of where I feel like I need to be, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So one thing there is the perspective shift. So it's like, do you mind if I offer a different perspective on that? Because again, that's giving, again, we're approaching a high pressure situation here. So we need to ask for permission or give a way out. So it's like, do you mind if I ask perspective? Yes. So I can say whatever I want now. I mean, so if you're about to say something kind of harsh or direct, it's like, I'll say something like that. Do you mind if I put my coaching hat on for a second? And then we got to re-ask. It's like, what decision are going to make right now? So what decision are going to make? Are you going to stay on this island and keep going in circles? Or are you going let me, you know, take you to the Holy Land? All right. Yeah, cool. Okay. Oh, yeah. But, you know, I don't know. Give me an ejection in this case.
Morgan Eldrett: I don't even know. So, well, I don't know. If they just literally just keep saying the same thing, though, like, we just, if they're like, okay, yeah, but my partner still, well, we've actually just shifted that, so I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like.
Morgan Eldrett: I don't understand why people object in the first place.
Kyle Musca: Because it's a fear. It's this. It's fear. It's they, you know, humans themselves want to stay comfortable. Like, even if they know that changing, you know, everyone knows that losing. 10 kilos would allow them to be more confident, live a better life, etc., etc., etc., etc. But the fear of change is what keeps people stuck. And that's why, you know, that's why you can have someone on the call and they're like, I'm so excited to do this. is going to completely change my life. This is exactly what I needed. I'm so, so, so excited. And then they'll get off and you'll never hear from them. Because as soon as they get off the phone, their brain's just going to start going into this little aggressive loop of all the negatives. What if it doesn't work? What if it's a scam? What if my car breaks down? What if the  sun doesn't rise tomorrow? You know what I mean? Like, they're just going to go into all this really negative stuff. And they're going to convince themselves to stay. They're going to try and justify why they should stay the same.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So it's like, oh, yeah, look, I get what you're saying, but I still really need to ask my partner. Right? Okay, I get you. And so again, it depends on the objection they handle. But So I really need to ask my partner. Okay. And again, I just want to be again. So we reenter the loop. So empathize, give exit. Yeah. Okay. No, and I completely understand. And look, at the end of the day, I really want you to make sure that you're confident in whatever decision that you want to do, like whatever decision you make today. Okay. And, and, and, and by all means, like, tell me right now, is, is the program something you're You actually want to do. And it is a hundred percent just about making sure you can make it work financially. Cause look, I'm not here to try and sell you something. Like if you don't want to do this program, if you don't think it's a good fit for you, whatever the case, just let me know right now. And we can wrap it up right here. You know what I mean? Cause it's again, it's like, tell me now if there's just no way I'm getting, cause at end of day, you can't sell something to someone that they don't, you can't sell something to someone if they don't want it. Right. Like we're not trying to be hard salesy here. Right. So it's like, tell us if you want You If you don't want it, let's wrap it up. If you do want it, cool. You've just given me permission to go back into a sales app.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right. I mean, and then it's like, again, it's really good to use analogies and everything like this. Right. But what time is it? We've got some time. So it's like, have you. Yeah. Do you mind if I sort of challenge you on kind of the mindset that you seem to have right now? Yeah. Have you ever heard of the saying, you know, heavy is the head that wears the crown? So it's like, we're going to an analogy. The ship was technically an analogy, but let's say. All right. Some people will like, kind of. No, not really. Have you ever heard the analogy, heavy is the head that wears the crown?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. have. I don't know how this is going to relate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So. Essentially, what it means, right, is like, you know, in this sense, the king or the queen, right, they, you know, they have a really good position of power, but at the end of the day, they do have to take on the burden of making the decisions that change, I guess, the direction of the kingdom, right? Well, at the end of the day, like, you're the queen of your own life, would you say? Like, you're in control of your own life, right? All right. And what that actually means is, like, you have the blessing and the burden to make the decisions that are going to directly impact your life, right? And then, so, that's good, and then identity shifts are really good. So, right now, like, we're in a decision-making sort of state, right? And I understand, you know, you saying you wanting to chat to your partner, and by all means, I fully understand that. But right now, and I've done hundreds of these calls, right now, what you're trying to do is you're trying to justify saying that that is a decision you're making, but really, you're just avoiding making a decision at all, which, by the way... Indecision is the biggest cause of failure. So one thing I really like to do in these situations when it does come down to making a decision is think about where you're going to be in six months' time, right? Because if we jump off this call, I can guarantee you, we're probably not going to move forward, just in my experience. Nothing against you or anything, but we're probably not going to move forward. So if you jump off today, right, and you don't make a decision, which is a decision, by the way, not making a decision is a decision, and you keep living your life the same way you're currently living it, right? And as we mentioned, you know, maybe as time goes on, you keep gaining weight, your confidence continues to spiral, you keep feeling worse and worse, and you keep feeling stuck because you didn't make the decision to change. When you wake up in six months' time, do you feel like you're going to be happy with the decision you made today? Or on the flip side of that, if you did make a decision to commit to change today, and you started working towards, you know, becoming the best. That's woman that you can possibly be. Do you feel like you're going to be happy with the decision you made in six months' time? All right. Which decision do you feel like is going to move you closer to your goal when you wake up in six months' time? So it's an identity shift. Yeah. All right. When you think of the person you want to become, what decision are they going to make today? When you think of the woman that you want to become in six months' time, the one that's lean, toned, confident, you know, can go to the beach and feel , you boyfriend can't keep his hands off you. What do you think the decision that that woman would make right now in this situation?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Oh, she'd probably do it. So re-ask. Okay. So what decision are going make right now? All right. And then it's like, oh, yeah, but I really have to put my whatever this, again, see how it's like harder and harder for them to, like, even on this call for us to figure out.
Morgan Eldrett: An excuse to get off. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right? And then, I know, it's like going through the different loops, right? It's a lot. Any questions so far?
Morgan Eldrett: No, that's good. I do have a question just to almost like take us right to the start. I'm just, I want to just get this, the script up quickly so I can read it. So, if I've sort of said to them, this is just kind of, I don't even know if I'm really letting them, like, us get to this point, though, because I'm sort of doing, sorry, I'm just getting the script up. So, it's like, okay, yeah, blah, blah, blah. So, if we look at that one, that would bring it down from this right down to just 2K, which of these packages sounds best for you? And if they're sort of just like, oh, yeah, like, because I had the girl that she was like, yeah, this one, like, that would be amazing. And I was like, oh, awesome, like, cool. And then, she was like, oh, yeah, I'm going to have to do it on my computer, my computer, though. I like, oh, it is a phone app. And she was like, oh, yeah. Yeah, and then she sort of said, I'll have to ask my partner. I kind of was just like, I didn't really give them, like, a real chance to even, like, object. Should I have asked another question to have been, like, in that state? Oh, like, is it, are you wanting to do the program and it's just the funds?
Kyle Musca: Like, I feel like I almost just. So what did she need to do on her computer?
Morgan Eldrett: Well, she was like, oh, I need to pay. I said, oh, you can, like, I'll send you the link. And then she's like, oh, yeah, I'll have to do that on my computer. And I was like, oh, no, no, it's a phone-friendly payment link. Like, I've sent it to you on Instagram. And then I can't even remember what she said. I kind of just guess I just let it flop.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Should I have asked another question to have been, like, like, I'm sensing the uncertainty because I kind of. I kind of don't really want to, I feel like I'm not sure when I'm supposed to start.
Kyle Musca: So it depends, right? In a situation like that, you know, it definitely depends on what they say and how they say it. But you'll get people that use those, again, they're smokescreen objections, right? Like, oh, I can't pay right now. So I literally had this the other day where, you know, the guy was like, got him to agree to it. And then he was like, oh, like, I don't have my card on me right now, right? It's at home or whatever. You'll get that one a lot, right? We're like, okay, that's not a stress. What we can just do is a BSB transfer. You know what mean? Like, what are going to say to that one?
Morgan Eldrett: Like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if they're like, you know, clearly lying to you, like, oh, like I don't have my bank app on my phone or something. It's like, okay, look, you know, at the end of the day, I just want to be sure, like, is the program something you actually want to do? You know what mean? Because the first one, it's like, the first thing that they say, it's like, okay, that could be, maybe like. You should have your card on you, but maybe you don't, whatever. That's one I would keep in the back of my mind, is the BSB transfer, because people will say that to you. Cool, we should do a BSB transfer, because it's instant. And then it's like, if they try and make another excuse after that, that's when I would go into objection handling, because it's like, okay, well, you're clearly lying, and there's clearly something we need to uncover here.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, because I, I, what I did for, I know for two of them, is I kind of finished the call, me kind of thinking that they weren't gonna, like, I was never gonna hear from them again, but us both pretending that we were both, like, going to go forward with it. Like, was like, oh, like, yeah, as soon as you, you know, check with your partner in, when he comes home at six, because, like, five o'clock, yeah, awesome, like, you just fill out that form, and then, like, awesome, and then she's like, yeah, awesome, thank you so much. I'm like, oh my god, I'm excited. I, like, talk to you at 6.30 when your partner comes. I'm sorry, but I kind of knew that it was not going to turn into anything, but I feel like I didn't, I didn't almost like perceive it as an objection to go through that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's just like, again, that's just coming down to the mindset of like, if they get off this call and they haven't paid, they will not pay.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. So I just have to not, yeah, not believe them at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Never believe them on the  that they tell you because people will lie to you. I've literally had someone who like wasn't even in their program length, they could have cancelled, text me saying like, hey, this is his girlfriend. He died in a horrible motorbike accident and then like seen him actively posting on his stories. You know what mean? Like people will lie to you.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh my God. People are crazy. Callum had one where the guy like said, oh, I'll go get my card from my car. And he walked out of the room, climbed under the table and hung up the phone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like people are weird, man. Like you can't, you can't even object to that. People were hanging up. The only time you can't object to something is if they hang up and you do something weird like that. Right. Which is like, yeah,  they're just weirdos. That's part of the game. But it's like, you can just never take, at the end of the day, you're the person that's controlling the conversation. So you can never take something at surface level value if they haven't completed the task that they need to complete.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. So just to have like a clear sort of question. So is there something that I can kind of ask so that we both or I get clear on that? Okay, I'm starting the objection handling. So if it's like, oh yeah, I'm so keen. But yeah, I don't have my bank. Or like, I do just have to check with my partner, but he's going to be home in an hour.
Kyle Musca: So again, it depends on the situation, right? So it's like, if I, oh, I just need to, yeah, I'm keen. I just need to check with my partner. Okay, sweet. So what we'll do again, don't even give them the option. Don't be like, do you want to do it? Assume the close. Okay. So what we'll do then in that case is we'll lay down like maybe. $150 deposit now is 100% refundable. So if your partner gets home and he's like, no, Rachel, you're not doing this. I don't want you to lose that 10 kilos. And I don't want you to look super  in a bikini because I'm not going to be able to keep my hands off you. Just let me know. I understand. I can send that money back to you. It's just going to secure your spot because I do have three other calls after this. It's going to secure one of those last two spots. It means I can get to work on your program, like start getting to work on your program. And also three, like it just also shows that you're actually serious about doing this. If they don't lay the deposit, that's a huge red flag. You just said it's refundable. Right. So like literally the easier route for them would be to say like, cool, here's the money. then get off and be like, no, he said no.
Morgan Eldrett: Right. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's like, that's a, like, that's a really good one to run with is because if they don't, if you say it's a refundable deposit and they say like, no, we won't do that.
Morgan Eldrett: It's like the . Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You're clearly lying.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Okay. So she will close refundable deposit. And then, yeah, then they can say whatever they want to say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing with the objection cycling as well is you'll notice how I got more direct every time I went through an objection. So it's like at the top here, it's like we're just friendly neighborhood Spider-Man. I'm just trying to help you out. You know, I'm just, you know, it's not about money for me. I just want to help you. If you can't do it, it's fine. Whereas like down here, and especially in this like next one I would have got into, it's like what decision you need to make, like right now, so when you go to bed tonight, you know that you put yourself in the best possible position to lose this 10 kilos so you can finally regain the competency you've been lacking for the last two years. What decision do you need to make right now?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And how I would kind of do this in this situation is like, look at, you know, completely understand. Look, do you mind if I'm just like completely 100% open with you? Again, just ask. It doesn't matter how you ask, put on my coaching hat, 100% open with you, whatever the  you say. Right? They'll say yes. Look, I've done hundreds. You can say thousands, whatever. I've done thousands of these calls and my actual statistics on someone who wants to go away and think about it or someone who wants to go and ask their partner is a 98% chance I will never hear from you again, right? Not because you don't want change or you don't see the value of the program or anything like that, or even your partner doesn't want you to do it. It's because as soon as we get off this call, your brain, from like a psychological perspective, your brain is going to go in full defense mode, right? You're going to go away and think about all the negatives, all the what-ifs, you know, what if it doesn't work? What if it's a scam? What if my car breaks down? X, Y, Z. And you're going to convince yourself, you're going to justify why you should not make a decision so you can stay the same, even though you know that you're not happy with who you are right now. So, like, I'll be open and honest with you. You can go have a chat with your partner and stuff if you really want to. But one, I really don't think there's going to be a spot available for it. As I mentioned, I've got three calls after this. You're going to convince us. I know just from basic statistics, you're going to convince yourself that it's not the right time or whatever excuse you make yourself. So putting on my coaching hat, keeping your candle, what decision are going to make right now? It's either we take the step and we move forward and I will do everything in my power to make sure that you succeed. Or unfortunately, we might just not be the right fit.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like that's, it's just a direct straight ask. Like you can get off the phone, you go ask your partner, but that's it. We're not, I'm not doing another call with you.
Morgan Eldrett: We're not speaking again. Yeah. Okay, cool. Is it safe to sort of put the, like, I sort of go into it being like, I, at the end of every call, it should either be a sign up or they have said, we've come to a conclusion that it's a no. Like, should we try and just really have an answer?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it should be a, there's, you don't ever want vagueness. You don't want ever. You don't want vagueness in any of their answers. You don't want vagueness with what they're doing at the end of the call. It should be they've either signed up or they've directly said no. And, you know, there should be no doubt that they're coming back.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. That's, I think, honestly, that's all I need to hear because that's, yeah, where I've gone wrong completely. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, sorry. So, yeah, I would just get in that mindset because it's like, you know, if you just take your surface level thing, like, again, the sale starts with objection. Like, you will leave so much money on the table if you don't sort of engage in the objection.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Any questions on any of that?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I think that's all good. Don't believe them at all. Don't let anything be vague and either sign them or have them say no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And like, again, just keep giving the option to like exit if they want to exit. You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I just needed to ask that with a few of those.
Morgan Eldrett: I should have even just been like, look, is it, like, do you definitely want to do this? And even just like asking them that, because I feel like I just sort of let it all go. But that will be better. And then, yeah, I'll just obviously practice every call I get. But, yeah, because I feel like, as I said in the thing, the script is good. Like, up until that point, I'm like, that's a vibe. Perfect. But, yeah, I'll keep practicing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would also do on something you mentioned there that's kind of slipped my mind now. Oh, so come back to me.
Morgan Eldrett: If you remember, the voice message anyway, because it was helpful.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Cool. Any other questions on Neva?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I think that's all good. I'll talk to Kamei. I'll split the booking system for organic and for leads. Sorry, for organic and whatever it is,  DMs. And then that's, I think, all we really covered there. I think that's all good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Awesome. All right. Well, yeah, let me know how you go. Oh, that was the other thing. That's what it was. If you get on a call and they're like, you kind of know that they're not going to sign, maybe they're not qualified, whatever. I wouldn't just give up on it. I would use that as practice. And that's where I would go really hard and, you know, almost come across salesy.
Morgan Eldrett: Because that's where you'll feel comfortable. Like, that's where you'll build the confidence to be able to do it in an actual high pressure situation. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, actually, I did have one other question really quickly. I had another, I had a lady the other day who... Who... That  kid was just  around in the background. The kid was like screaming and it was a  mess. And it was just a disaster of a call because she was distracted and I was mega distracted. What would you do in that situation? Like, could I have just said, hey, like, should we reschedule and try again?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just be like, hey, like, you know, this call is really important because it will lay the foundation of everything we do if we do decide to move forward. And I really want to make sure we do it properly with like absolutely no distractions. Um, you know, would it be better for us to sort of reschedule this to a point where, you know, it can just be sort of you and I?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah, you don't want, if they're driving or they're doing something that they're just not going to be like, they're cooking, they're getting dressed, whatever. I would just kind of be, because they're not respecting you at that point. So it's just like, um, look, hey, you know, you know, and I would, I wouldn't come across like pissed off, but I'd kind of make it like slightly known that it's like, you know, what the  are doing?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, I know. I, I was like, what the I didn't want to say anything, but that's perfect. I can definitely do that. Cool. Well, thank you for that. I'll send you a message if I get stuck with anything else, if I get stuck with Clem A or whatever, and maybe I'll record the next few sales calls as well. Yeah. I just haven't because I have felt a bit awkward on the Zoom, like them knowing it's recording.
Kyle Musca: I just say, like, I'm just going to record just if we do move forward. That way I can just, like, come back to it, make sure I've got everything done properly.
Morgan Eldrett: That's a great idea. So I can come back to it. Yeah. Okay. That's perfect. Yeah. Because I was like, how do I ask them? Yeah, sweet. Okay. Beautiful. Thank you for that. I'll message you if I have any other questions throughout the week and then we'll go from there. Yeah. Perfect. Awesome. All right. Well, enjoy the rest of the day. I will chat to you soon. Thank you very much. Bye. Bye.


>>> 84/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-05T06:33:56Z | id:119911191
People: Kyle Musca

Hattie Boydle: This meeting is being recorded. It'd be like, oh, you know, I've just had a look. You need to now do this. Go into Facebook and do this. And I was like, oh, . And it knew what new it was. So I was like, . And then parts of it, would even just like, it was like, describe what you're trying to do. And I'd describe it. And then it was like, the AI would just like automatically do those things for connections. That was why I was just like, oh, that was way easier than I thought.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Last time I used Zappi as well, before all that AI  came out.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What the  is this?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, actually. So that was good.
Kyle Musca: And then you tested it and they pulled the data through?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. Yeah. It literally had all the last three signups and it sent it across.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. So let's have a gaze real quick. Yeah. Did you, what were you sort of thinking? Did you want to sort of push it back a little bit or?
Hattie Boydle: Well, I don't see how that would be possible because then what if all the people that joined can't do those dates? It's like some of the people joining can't do the new dates. I mean, the guys from Solon said 80% of the sign-ups happened in the last week anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, when our brand challenge where it's like a direct sign-up thing, like what you're doing right now, like I kind of did that. It was a lower ticket one, but it was only for like three weeks or something. was $27 or $37 or something. Literally like 50% of my sign-ups came in the last day.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. So whilst it seems like we've kind of burnt time, and to be honest, it's given me the  because the girls were meant to do the first post on the first of Fathom. Like there is a whole spreadsheet of all the things that we all need to do. And this recording is staying here, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's not actually recording.
Hattie Boydle: It's just taking notes. It's like sign. It's like a sign. And Coben, Coben, Coben, Coben and Bonner, Coben and Bonner, Coben, Coben, Coben, Coben, Bonner, Bonner, Millie and Hattie, content calendar. That was all they had to do. Did everything for the art, did everything for the graphics, did everything with Jade and Philippe, did all the copy, did all the stuff with My Strength book. And it's like, they haven't even , and I even did the first week of the content calendar for them so they could see what it looked like. And first post the mentoring on the first. And they haven't even done it. And then it got to, like, Wednesday, and then Millie's like, oh, I need today for honor. And I was like, okay, well, like, just make sure you post it tomorrow because, like, we're burning, like, precious time here. Like, I've set all this up for a three-week lead-in. And then, like, 10 o'clock today, I was like, guys, like, you didn't do the  post this morning. Like, I'm waiting for it. What's going on? I've set all the automations up. Oh, sorry. Hattie's like, should we do it now? Millie's like, no, I get bad engagement in the afternoon, babes. We'll just wait till tomorrow. I'm like, you know what's worse than bad engagement? No engagement. You haven't  done anything for this challenge. In a whole, it's five days. Like, you just wasted five days of a 21-day campaign. And I'm looking at the content calendar now. There's nothing added to it. And then they're like, Millie said, can you come take photos of Hattie and I after the call this afternoon? And I was like, for what? For content? What content? Oh, just the stuff we can use. I was like, okay, so when are you making the VSL so that I can get this app live? Because until I can launch the app, which I'm just waiting on the VSL, every signup, I will manually have to get into the app and chase them up and hope they see my emails and find their Instagram and DM them. Whereas if you just do the VSL, I can put the app live and set up an automation that sends them the code to get into the app when they buy. You know what you might even like?
Kyle Musca: It's a bit  dodge. If it's that big of an issue, you might even just get some like images of  Millie and chuck it into AI and see if you can create something. Like, I don't know if that would work. I haven't used that, but...
Hattie Boydle: Yes, she won't. This is the thing. It's like, I am happy to make it for them. Like I said, I'm happy to do the whole content calendar. The problem is if I do it and I create the content, Millie won't be happy with it aesthetically. Even if it looks fine, it's like she hasn't done it. It's like sometimes with the stories are called actions. I'll be like, can you do a story? Because I'm running out of combos in the DM. Okay. Two days go by. Millie, still waiting on the  story. Take you 30 seconds. And then, you know, and then we can be in the DMs. Like you don't have to do anything. Just put the story up. Doesn't do it. So then I put one up and then she deletes it. She goes, I wouldn't have used that photo. Can I do it? Yeah. Yeah. You can  do it. I want you to do it. Please. Like, so then like, you know, this announcement post, they've made Bono change it five times. They didn't like the photo that was used. The photo that they submitted to be used. Didn't like the shade of pink. Didn't like the sticker on one of the carousels. I'm like, it is. Not that big a deal. Like, it is a sticker on Carousel 3 that just had, like, the prize thing in it. I was just like, so if I do it, they won't post it. So there's no point in me doing it. They want to do it, but then they don't do it. So Emily, how did you just call me? I was like, so what's the VSL meant to be? I'm like, I literally spent 40 minutes talking you through everything that needs to be in the VSL last night. I'm not doing it again. I'm getting on a corporate car. Like, your jobs are there. I'm out of it now. If you guys don't want to do your jobs, that's fine. But the app's pretty much ready to go. Everything's ready to be launched. The only thing left is to promote. But if you guys don't want to do that, that's fine. Just accept the fact that you're either going to lose money on this or just break even when you could be making hundreds of thousands.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I mean, that sounds like a head . But, I mean, I think, like, again, through Millie's account. Like, she hasn't marketed anything. Like, she's never really sold properly on her actual, like, through ads and stuff. So I'm assuming it would just  rip from there if we can collect the right data. Because if we don't, again, I could see aggressively hooking on, you know, real  quality leads. But so we'll sell us that. I just connected the conversion API, the, sorry, data pixel to Millie's actual ad account. Now, that's going off, that's bringing across cost per purchase, hey?
Hattie Boydle: Well, yeah. So it's only the data that's coming through is any one-off purchase in NeuroLeadership.
Kyle Musca: right now, the only things that are one-off purchases are the challenge. Okay. Do you know, um. Do you Depends what it's actually pulling through.
Hattie Boydle: What do you mean by that?
Kyle Musca: If it's just pulling across, like, let's say, hey, someone purchased, that's like the figure would be one, or it'd be like, hey, you know, someone purchased, like, the actual amount of what it was, because it's like 199 or something, isn't it?
Hattie Boydle: So the data when I was on there that looked like you could see, it was like person's name, person's email amount, I have 199, so like the $199, so you could see the amount, whether that actually comes through on Meta's slide and shows, like, the money made versus money spent, so you can get the actual return on ad spend or not. But, I mean, even if we just get, like, say, one, we know that one stands for 199, so say it's like, you know, $100 spent, five, you know that's $1,000 kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, cool. So this is Millie's account. The connectors are all there. All I pretty much need to do, and I'll check them in each other as well, is get these ads running now that that's connected. Wait, did you do this through Hattie's account?
Hattie Boydle: Do what through Hattie's account?
Kyle Musca: The mini-chat?
Hattie Boydle: It's the automation they're set up in both Hattie and Millie's.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I mean, it should be the same. Yeah, there's no conversion API, so that's fine. Which one is it?
Hattie Boydle: Top one. Yeah. Take care. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, essentially. They're pretty much the same. So, on both Millie and Hatties.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Hattie Boydle: Would you change it?
Kyle Musca: Not in the sense of that, because that's just the link straight to it. This is just from Story Replies. So, I wonder if you could, because it's not the actual link. So, yeah. Okay. Let's see if that it does it. Okay. So what we might do here, let's go to that.
Hattie Boydle: Is it an automation for just DMs?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just like, just exactly the same thing, but it's just like when someone sends this word, essentially. It's just a copy. So here is just a simple, um, I'd send you the link for the NeuroE thing if you need it for the actual flow. I'll just copy this. Essentially we can get rid of, sorry. Thank you. Thank you. .
Hattie Boydle: Is that the thing with the capi on it? This is on Hatties, right?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, true. Either way, it will be fine. I'm sure you would do it in a sec.
Hattie Boydle: I mean, I can add you to Mealy's.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you want to. If you're going to do more stuff, then you might as well, but this will be...
Hattie Boydle: Actually, I think that's still... But if I send you some... Do you reckon it's worth pouring the majority of the ad budget into Mealy's because her audience will resonate more with this kind of thing?
Kyle Musca: Or do you reckon it's 50-50? Dude, people love challenges. It doesn't really matter what, like, age group and demographics and stuff. It's like, if you just slap the word challenge on something, like, people get ... ... ... ...
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, first name, too.
Kyle Musca: Inc. Website, more info.
Hattie Boydle: Are you doing this so that if anyone, like, DMs, it'll happen as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Which could be fine just off the stories, but yeah, cool. It takes me to that. Same. More info. Do you want more info? Learn more?
Hattie Boydle: Um... Yeah, guess, yeah, more info.
Kyle Musca: Delete that.
Hattie Boydle: So what's the flex hormone thing?
Kyle Musca: So that's the trigger words that we haven't changed yet. So with this, yeah. So with this, they basically do the same thing, but like this one will just be off story replies only. So like what you could do with, is that going to double up now? Yeah. Yeah. So that's what I was about to get to. So. So. I would probably just turn the story one off, to be honest, because, whereas, have you got the link for more info? Yeah, yeah.
Hattie Boydle: You do?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, this one.
Hattie Boydle: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, can you delete the other one?
Hattie Boydle: My many chat's not working for some reason.
Kyle Musca: can't open it. This one?
Hattie Boydle: The, whatever, the double-up one we don't need was to.
Kyle Musca: I want to delete it. I'll just maybe turn it on. Stop. Okay. If any  up, we could directly come on.
Hattie Boydle: That one on. So, that is messages reset.
Kyle Musca: So, that'll be stories or anything. Yeah. So, this is, as long as they send you the word reset. Only reason I would go for that one in general is, like, obviously, we'll run it on a story. But, like, if you can get, like, this to fit in, like, a 4x5. Is that 4x5? Is that square?
Hattie Boydle: I mean... I literally just screenshot those off her Instagram and kept the dimensions, so.
Kyle Musca: On her feed?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, fantastic. Okay. So that basically means, yeah, we can run that as a feed post as well. So we can do story and feed placements. When you, if this was like a vertical one where it's just like story, then it would cut off the writing.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. There's another one that I wasn't sure if it was the same dimension because it wasn't from a thing up the top maybe, but I tried to make it as, that, that one definitely is fine. If you go up.
Kyle Musca: These are all the ones you want to use.
Hattie Boydle: So that's good. That one's fine. That one, the writing kind of fits it.
Kyle Musca: It won't get cut off. So. No, even if it does, it will just like.
Hattie Boydle: That's what I mean. Yeah. That's not the right dimension, but it definitely won't get cut off. And that one won't either. I kept all the writing really compact. That one, maybe not.
Kyle Musca: That should be fine. one. Yeah.
Hattie Boydle: So. I should look like a  on that one.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So what I can do is, let's see if this works, because man has been bugging like a  recently. One money money challenge.
Hattie Boydle: You're a few steps away from using this product, using this catalog for ads. What's that?
Kyle Musca: Maybe you see Advantage Plus from Meta. It's probably best just turn it off. You don't that anyway, do you? Pardon?
Hattie Boydle: You don't use that anyway, do you?
Kyle Musca: No, I don't even know what the  catalog ads. Drive sales using product information, showing relevant products to the right people. No, I wouldn't  around with that. Usually whenever Meta tells you to do something, it's like they just want to take your money.
Hattie Boydle: Amen.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 33% high conversions, not that you'd know. Yeah, it's like, um, , I'm trying to add you to Millie's ManyChat so you can replicate that thing, but I can't, it won't  load. Feeds and, feeds and stories. Yeah, I reckon there's feeds and stories. Conversion location.
Hattie Boydle: Do you reckon $100 a day or do you reckon ship it?
Kyle Musca: Like, go hard on it.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. You only need to sell one to cover the cost of $200 a day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we can do 200. It would just test it faster. Conversion location.
Hattie Boydle: Is there any downfall to going bigger?
Kyle Musca: No. Not at the start. But, like, if you give it the money, it would be... We have to spread it across evenly and figure out who's winning and who's not.
Hattie Boydle: If this was yours, what would you put the ad budget?
Kyle Musca: I always start at $100 a day, but again, millies should be like a, I don't doubt that this should rip on millies.
Hattie Boydle: So I wish we could double it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so with that, you have to either scale it slowly. So I'll just scale it every day. So like, you know, you can increase about 20% each day without it skewing the data. Otherwise, what you can do is if it is really  winning and we're like, we want to double it immediately, we can just duplicate it straight away and double it that way.
Hattie Boydle: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Maximize about the same number of conversions. Website app is required. Build a new event conversion. So this is the part where we need to suss. And I might even get my media buyer to  around with this because he's a little bit more in depth with the pixel side of things. So before you turn on, start to see the
Hattie Boydle: It's like, you reached, what the ?
Kyle Musca: Oh, so this is a lead.
Hattie Boydle: Oh, it just asked what you wanted to come through as.
Kyle Musca: Was there a purchase as an option?
Hattie Boydle: There was. Should I try and change that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So essentially, if they do either of these, that's when it records, right?
Hattie Boydle: When they actually pay? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If I go that, then it should be, yeah. So that would be a purchase. I would do that as a purchase.
Hattie Boydle: You can confirm your email, okay?
Kyle Musca: And then you should be able to also, if you do purchase, I don't know if it reads it automatically, or you should be able to manually put what the value of a purchase is.
Hattie Boydle: So in this case, $1.99. Well, the lead already had the value of the purchase and the thing, but it says I need to confirm my email, but then it doesn't have, it doesn't send me an email. Here we go.
Kyle Musca: What I would also do as well is, yeah, with the challenges, the biggest thing is like urgency towards the last couple of days. So like basically.
Hattie Boydle: Have graphics, like seven days left kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, one thing with the challenge graphics as well. Is adding the prize pool is always a really good option, but then also always adding like a deadline of when they need to actually join by.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, probably should have, yeah. Like kind of have the date on the next lot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like entries closed, is it January 18th, February 18th?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, I guess the week of. How many days before would you close? Just to make sure you can get everyone in, just a few days.
Kyle Musca: I still like, because what you could do here is like just because like...
Hattie Boydle: If it's all set up so they're getting straight into the app, I guess there's no like shut off, it's the day of, but...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like but what you could also do, is like Adam does this, is after the challenge, like let's say it's the 18th, like you could still run it. To like the 21st or even like longer and just say like, I had so many girls say that they missed out because they're waiting to get paid or something like that. I've opened up second intake. It ends, you know, January, February 22nd. If you don't get in by then, that's it. Doors closed.
Hattie Boydle: So right now it's saying send lead event is event time, paid at, event ID, purchase ID, their user email, their name, and the offering name. All right. Let's edit this app. Let's do Website. Millie's pixel. Setup. Facebook conversions. Action. Set lead event. Send purchase event.
Kyle Musca: Yes. Yeah, that would be it.
Hattie Boydle: Yep. Continue, source, value, app, business account, flex method.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, that's the business account.
Hattie Boydle: Ew, there's a lot of other  there now. Event time, event ID, event code. Ah, . I'm not meant to put event time, event ID, event code. Data processing, data processing country, data processing state, email, wouldn't it? Isn't it meant to give me that information? It wouldn't be meant to manually enter it all. To finish, finish required fields, currency, AUD, value, $199. See if I can just get away with that. Yes, yep. Something just come through?
Kyle Musca: Mm-hmm.-hmm.-hmm.
Hattie Boydle: Yes, yep. What's for now? I don't know how to get all this event info, so you can learn more about it.
Kyle Musca: I just did all this automatically for me on the lead one, but I don't know I could build no event available, source selection. What are the age ranges you're going to want to really target here?
Hattie Boydle: Customer purchases, map, pixel, currency value, see, customers, details, automatically mapped from step one, so you're all set, ready to turn it on, okay? Oh, the test thing didn't come through, but it didn't give me anything to actually test it with. Thank you. I'm all fields false.
Kyle Musca: Dearly, we just want this to change to...
Hattie Boydle: I mean, I've changed them. It says send purchase event on my end now, but...
Kyle Musca: Where are we here?
Hattie Boydle: I don't know how... Change it on that end now. I mean, should I buy it and see if it comes through?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think that... they'll still pull a lead through. Let's just... Create... Create custom conversion, create, add.
Hattie Boydle: That might skew the data to be me, though. If the first purchase is a real dude.
Kyle Musca: It's a problem to find that demographic in every minute, 20 to 30. Let's go, where's the events manager? And. Do that. Custom conversions, maybe? no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Let me connect the data.
Hattie Boydle: Maybe.
Kyle Musca: Install some purchases.
Hattie Boydle: Maybe I test it with. Here we go. Test. Continue. Doesn't really seem to have all the person's info.
Kyle Musca: How did you add the event in meta the first time?
Hattie Boydle: I don't really think it's coming through with all their info when I do it from the purchasing. It's all empty. How did what, sorry?
Kyle Musca: When you put this pixel in here, this lead one, how did you get that in there?
Hattie Boydle: That was. was. It's from Zapier's end.
Kyle Musca: Oh, it just automatically created it?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, connected it. But when I go send purchase event, all the information fields are empty except for the price and stuff like that. Whereas when it was a lead, it seemed to have the info.
Kyle Musca: Can you fill in the info manually for the purchase event?
Hattie Boydle: I mean, it's meant to pull it from the actual person that purchased it. Username, Sue Gomez.
Kyle Musca: No event detected. You'll need to add an event to your pixel and not create a custom conversion. So that's over here, um, connect data, let's go.
Hattie Boydle: I don't know why. can't even test it on the thing. I'm trying to. I don't know why. Purchase event was sent to Facebook conversions about two minutes ago. Sang it. Purchase event was sent to Facebook conversions about two minutes ago, but retest it. Sang it's sent it again. if it's not coming through.
Kyle Musca: might not have. it's not today. It be helpful. It was on at 6am. It hasn't seemed to come through yet. What we need to do here is we need to add this event. So install your app event code manually. simplify program P linguistic about them slide. structure. escorted you.
Hattie Boydle: If you develop a step-by-step instructions, event ID, the f**k is event ID, the ID is used to remove duplicates when sending the same event from more than one source, I don't know what that means, maybe the person's name is the event ID, maybe, no, that's the same name there, that's user ID, what's event ID, that should be fine, email instructions, do so, Content ID ID ID. Opt-out of ads for delivery optimisation, select true for the image, I don't know what that means. Data processing options, oh god, I don't  know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the pixels are  confusing. You know who would be able to probably set this up for you, actually, quite quickly, is that Joseph guy I sent through to you. Because he set it up for me when I did mine.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, the only time difference he's going to be asleep again.
Kyle Musca: He's usually pretty responsive.
Hattie Boydle: So we're just talking about Fathom. It's an options country. There's nothing here about that country.
Kyle Musca: Oh, it wouldn't be through the app, actually. would be through the website, which is Zapier.
Hattie Boydle: What's this?
Kyle Musca: So when I'm creating a...
Hattie Boydle: ...conversion... I'm not at all means...
Kyle Musca: ...doesn't... ...doesn't... ... ... ... You need to un-invent to your pixel.
Hattie Boydle: I'm going to try and log into Zapier and screen share.
Kyle Musca: If you collect data from the web, data set millies pixel next. Some ad accounts I'm showing. Yes. Setup conversion. Okay, so yeah, I think this will be better. Let me show the screen again. In any understanding, agree, yes, it even does for meta. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Hattie Boydle: What's that, .hash?
Kyle Musca: Some, assuming it's a  ploy to get me to sign up to sort of .
Hattie Boydle: Let me show you what's on my own. What's going on?
Kyle Musca: Set up with partner, Andrew.
Hattie Boydle: You saying mine?
Kyle Musca: Um, just two seconds. And then you can connect with another partner from the list. What the ?
Hattie Boydle: What's going on there?
Kyle Musca: NeuroLeadership is connected to conversions API with Zappi.
Hattie Boydle: I've got one-off purchases. I was just reverted back to, it's reverted back to something later, Ben.
Kyle Musca: What? That second one did come through, actually, that one you just did.
Hattie Boydle: The purchase?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, but what data?
Kyle Musca: Just, it's a value of one. So it just says someone purchased. Which, I mean, well. The comes to words, the worst are technically the same thing. It's just, it's going to, so we, so right now we can set it up as a lead campaign, but the issue is, I mean, it will optimize for people that will buy it. So I guess in a way we'll do the same thing, but like, if we can set up for a purchase, it's going to be trying to like find people that are more likely to, you know, actually like pay for , if that makes sense.
Hattie Boydle: But if, oh , I don't even know what's happening anymore.
Kyle Musca: In Zappi, it's all messy. So send lead event. So if you can.
Hattie Boydle: I mean, I was changing it from, I'm halfway through changing it from lead to purchase event, but it's, the lead, it just automatically collected all the info, the purchase. It's like, I've got to manually try and enter everything and I don't even know what half of it is.
Kyle Musca: It's like, okay, if it's that much of a  around, we can just run it as.
Hattie Boydle: Lead, but I don't know if I've already, oh, , um, is set up so that someone buys a good place. What data do we need to get across? I'm going to ask the Zapier body.
Kyle Musca: It's the, can record the purchase and cost per purchase. The purchase event, I guess. Yeah.
Hattie Boydle: Here is what is being captured and being sent to Facebook. Purchases details, their email and their name, purchase events, what was purchased, the purchase timestamp, the purchase ID, the destination, Millipixel, missing the purchase value and cost. Facebook Conversions API has a value field that captures the purchase amount, which is important for accurate conversion value tracking. the ROI. Would you like me to add the purchase value field into this step? Yes, please. This thing is helpful.
Kyle Musca: Also, I would also include that, like, at the moment, it seems to be pulling it across as a lead, not an actual purchase.
Hattie Boydle: I need you to either edit the current draft or create a new one. Edit an existing draft. Great. Now let me check what fields are available from your trigger step. And it see how that didn't need up with the purchase note. Let me see the purchase value is available on your trigger data, which shows $199 formatted as, in a sense, I also know this is an additional field in Facebook's custom parameters where I should add the value field. Let me add the purchase value to your Facebook step. Checkpoint added. Done. I've added the purchase value to your Facebook conversion event. Here's what's been tracked now. Email, name, product name, purchase ID event, purchase amount, currency, purchase timestamp, to Millie's new pixel. Now Facebook can actually track. So this will show as a purchase in Facebook meta-business. a It's What is the purchase? It's a purchase. This purchase. . So either there's a please set up the required fields message on your Facebook set. Let me test it to reveal what's needed. This is likely an issue with your Facebook conversion setup or pixel permissions. Here's what to check. Go to Facebook events manager, select a million new pixel from your account, click settings and verify. Zapier is an, and verify that Zapier is authorized as a partner.
Kyle Musca: And the pixel has the correct permission set. Okay, so that would be, let's go here, settings. Maybe ask it how, how do you.
Hattie Boydle: my screen?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I can see your screen. How, how do I see if the pixel is the correct permission set? Because the, Zappi is an authorized partner, it's already connected.
Hattie Boydle: Zappi is already. So, let's see. Thank you. Facebook Events Manager, select Millie New Pixel, the left sidebar, click the gear icon.
Kyle Musca: So connected partner Zappi is there. Check, scroll down to data use. Attention. Ensure Conversion API is enabled. There's no toggle for conversion, what the ? Oh, okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Hattie Boydle: What is that?
Kyle Musca: Yes, yeah, check out, I'll take, oh, yeah. Contact. Yeah, down city, cool, continue, it's fine.
Hattie Boydle: Fixed, required builder now set at.
Kyle Musca: Manually implemented, yeah.
Hattie Boydle: Try testing it again now.
Kyle Musca: E-mail.
Hattie Boydle: Pixel. Melee. Continue. This is. Action. Business. So. 199. All right, we're to test. See if that goes through.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Hattie Boydle: Who's that? Get, get  her up. I speak up behind your phone with my team. Oh, yeah. Does it look exciting? Huh? Does it look exciting? Small's not always bad. What? Oh. Yeah, in my windshield.
Kyle Musca: Oh, good. All right.
Hattie Boydle: It's working? All right.
Kyle Musca: I can see purchase there, so let's see. That was ... Bridge. Bridge. Bridge. Bridge. Bridge. Bridge. I could share my screen again now. Okay. Website and app, I suppose, number of conversions, yes. What age do you want to aim for?
Hattie Boydle: This is new age account?
Kyle Musca: Yep.
Hattie Boydle: Let's go 20 to 30.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Hattie Boydle: Or is it worth going for water?
Kyle Musca: Um, no, 20 to 35, I'd say just to give it a little bit of a buffer, but I wouldn't go much younger than 20. You know what else? Okay. That doesn't really matter, to be fair, but I'll just help find a lot of people. Um.
Hattie Boydle: Right.
Kyle Musca: So. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So, to be fair, oh, okay. So there's two things we could do here is, one, like if you're just going to send them straight to the Newey link, we could just bypass the ManyChat altogether.
Hattie Boydle: I wouldn't send them a DM, I'd just take them straight to the link.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Hattie Boydle: Do reckon that's worthwhile? Do you reckon...
Kyle Musca: Well, because right now...
Hattie Boydle: Do you reckon that message adds any value or...
Kyle Musca: I mean, if you... Because you could... Thank you. Yeah, so it's like, hey, how going?
Hattie Boydle: Hello.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so right now it kind of says the same thing.
Hattie Boydle: You're not walking, are you? I'm just around the box of old poo and then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean, like.
Hattie Boydle: Because, I mean, once Siento gets the landing page done, which hopefully is in like the next day or two, then we can swap the link to that. But the thing is, landing page is then going to lead to the new e-link anyway. It's just the landing page is just going to, I guess, be a little bit more sales.
Kyle Musca: It will still record cost per purchase, so that won't matter as long as they ultimately get to that. But I reckon, like, if you're going to just do this and there's no other qualifications, there's no point in running it through ManyChat because you're adding just a level of friction where they have to get to this and then click and then go there anyway.
Hattie Boydle: So it's like we might as well just remove. With this step as a whole. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Now, usually I would definitely say there'd need to be more stuff in there. But, again, Millie's audience should be pretty hot.
Hattie Boydle: So. Is that URL with Grant?
Kyle Musca: Two seconds. Okay.
Hattie Boydle: Thank you. Thank you. I guess on the graphics, just on the text, just add the entries close.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we can.
Hattie Boydle: What are they?
Kyle Musca: These are just Instagram images.
Hattie Boydle: Oh, these are like posts she's done recently, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's awesome. That's what I mean. Yeah, so I think it might be. Let's try a different one.
Hattie Boydle: But why is it square?
Kyle Musca: So I think that one was just a bit more vertical. see about this one. Yeah, so that fits just as well. One of one, yeah, original. Yeah. So it's just going to depend.
Hattie Boydle: I think the four that I made should be fine. It's just that other one. They had a different copy I just pulled from Millie's. Recent story.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we'll just go with that. Oh, .
Hattie Boydle: What?
Kyle Musca: DME reset. Message me reset.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So the CTA won't be there on the purchase one. would just be like learn more.
Hattie Boydle: Oh, because they're going straight to the link.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. that's...
Hattie Boydle: You want me to remake those with the something else over it right now? It didn't take long to just replace that one thing. What should I put there instead?
Kyle Musca: Let's have a quick look here.
Hattie Boydle: So what was that? I'm flying two girls. Sort of message me reset. What did I do? Click learn more or click.
Kyle Musca: Feed shot green bikini. Yeah, that's what we wanted. name doing, Teagland up What
Hattie Boydle: So instead of the messaging reset to get early access, we'll go, what is it? Click.
Kyle Musca: So it'll be, yeah, could be learn more. I'd probably go learn more.
Hattie Boydle: Click learn more.
Kyle Musca: And we're training in nutrition. Okay. Alright. 1 Interested. Cool.
Hattie Boydle: So, this one that I send you now, does this look...
Kyle Musca: Wouldn't the interest close?
Hattie Boydle: We'll go for 20th.
Kyle Musca: Did you add that as well on the new one?
Hattie Boydle: On the actual graphic? Yeah, I could do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Let's just publish that, so it all publishes, make sure it works. What the ? Oh, Millie hasn't had a credit thing to a thing.
Hattie Boydle: . Credit, I mean, just put my...
Kyle Musca: Do you want to sign in and do that, or?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. Oh. I trust you.
Kyle Musca: Code with more.
Hattie Boydle: Numbers, 3400. 914. 804. 6100. 0104.30. 4175. 714.30. 915.30. edges, 814 So, yeah, I'm fine. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you  . When using a website conversion to the Olympics.
Hattie Boydle: Oh, as if it's not in middle of .
Kyle Musca: Oh. Add an app to the business. Oh mate, you're f***ing annoying, eh? Oh. Cool. Cost per result. I should've auto-transferable. What the f***?
Hattie Boydle: Oh wait, what happened?
Kyle Musca: Um, I just want to redo that. What is it just f***ed up all my settings? What's going on here? Oh, I'm is I to. course. For Thank you. Thank you.
Hattie Boydle: 3400, 914, 804, 61001, 0430, 4175.
Kyle Musca: What the  is meta actually doing right now, brother? Oh, it's just bugging. It must be like. They're changing stuff in the back end, because meta's been buggy as a  recently.
Hattie Boydle: What is it?
Kyle Musca: They must be changing stuff in the back end, because meta's been, like, buggy as recently.
Hattie Boydle: They should  refund you and  like that, tell me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for real. View and creative setup. Thank you. I'm just going to see if this works before I  do all this stuff. Next. So, yeah, meta-sagentor. Um, cool.
Hattie Boydle: I've got the updated versions of all those.
Kyle Musca: No, I'm just going to see if it works first. Yeah, see, this is what I mean. Like, it doesn't even give you a reason as to why it doesn't let you do it. It just doesn't let you do it. I think it... Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, , man, it's so annoying, man. Thank you. Okay, what number do you want to use here?
Hattie Boydle: Oh, is this going to show up?
Kyle Musca: No.
Hattie Boydle: 431-602-505. no. Five, one, four, eight, seven, nine. Let me make a couple of these for Hattie. Oh, .
Kyle Musca: Dying number required, let's restart this. Hopefully it doesn't delete everything. Publish. Mate, you  Phone number required.
Hattie Boydle: It's right there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, this is the thing. It's not even giving, like, proper issues recently. Like, I literally can't get a lead campaign up because it's giving me an error that doesn't exist, which is pretty cool.
Hattie Boydle: And he sent me a bunch of photos to use, which is, like, in the dead center of all of them. I'm like, the  text.
Kyle Musca: Rough. Oh, , all right, let's give credit a third time. All right, there we go. , that was harder than it needed to be. All right, oh, cool, now we just need to swap out the actual image, but at least we know it's working. Did you want to, yeah. Yeah, perfect. Do you want to, is this the one with the entries closed?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, you just, if you click them, they're kind of in the bottom right corner kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you want to check, oh, actually, no, that's fine, I can do that. Oh. So, it's timeline, it's, it's.
Hattie Boydle: What's an Instagram post ratio again?
Kyle Musca: 4 by 5. Bro, ads are going to be  so  with all this AI stuff. Have you seen any of the AI ads yet?
Hattie Boydle: Wait, what is that? Is that an AI ad?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it like generates AI images. We should like  with millions.
Hattie Boydle: Wait, what?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like pulls up these AI images.
Hattie Boydle: It's not going to run this, is it?
Kyle Musca: No, no, like if we clicked them and then it would run them, yeah.
Hattie Boydle: What the hell?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Have you seen, I've seen like full ads made from AI.
Hattie Boydle: Oh my god.
Kyle Musca: A, you prick. Right, now, here's hoping that this doesn't , oh my god. What now, brother? How did, um, is Jaden building, uh, your landing page for you?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, I had to give some feedback. feedback. The initial one that came out was just like, definitely it wasn't like converting it. Like, instead of when you land on the page and having like a hero shot with the challenge name and like what they win, it was like, pick your program, three-day, four-day, five-day with price underneath all of them. And I was like, we're not selling a program. I was like, can you redo that?
Kyle Musca: Has he had much experience doing?
Hattie Boydle: I don't, well, I didn't even know what his job was. So when I got referred to him by Bono, I just assumed that was his job.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Jada pissed me off so much.
Hattie Boydle: Oh, did he?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because when I was like leaving that house with Cody's, he was like, yeah, man, I'll move in there. Tell everyone else, because I had like two other people serious about like moving in. So yeah, tell them not to worry, I'll take it and everything.
Hattie Boydle: And then I was like, cool. Just needed it. Went to the last minute and then bailed?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was like, just saying like, oh man, like, you know, for me and also. Yeah. Cody and stuff just need you to fill out the, like, transfer papers. Like, it's fine if you don't move in on the day. I just need to make sure someone's secured for me when I leave. And he just kept making excuse after excuse and everything. And, like, one week out, he was like, oh, yeah, like, don't hold up on me or something like that.
Hattie Boydle: Like, good to find somebody else. Don't me hold you guys up. Oh, brilliant.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was like, mate, that's so  annoying.
Hattie Boydle: It's quite literally what we're doing.
Kyle Musca: So, we should be good after this. We should be good after this. Yep. All right. Cool. We are good. The process, that's up, and that's up. So, yep, that should be good.
Hattie Boydle: All right. I'm a few of these, Patty.
Kyle Musca: And then, for Hatties, because that Zappie setup was linked to Millie's Cappy, so you just have to, like, duplicate that and then link it to one of Millie's. Sorry, Hatties.
Hattie Boydle: What's that? Sorry, the... Well, I guess, like, the data will still be good for who's signing up, won't it, to the challenge, like, if we're targeting those people. All Oh, right. Because Hattie's pixel is different.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you just need to connect it to Hattie's pixel.
Hattie Boydle: Well, wouldn't Hattie's current pixel be targeting everybody that's engaged with her for coaching over the last...
Kyle Musca: It will use those identifiers to try and find people. Yeah, but it won't actually pull... There's the targeting side of things, but it won't pull the actual data, so we won't be able to see it if we don't connect it. So...
Hattie Boydle: But what would be better data, starting fresh with, like, the purchases or more so having the 2,500 people that have inquired for coaching over the... It doesn't erase the other data, it just adds, or...?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it will, like, use that as, like, early interest sort of, I guess, yeah, data points to go off. But then as payment, like, people purchase it, purchases start coming through, will, like, leverage that to try and find more.
Hattie Boydle: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So all you should need to do is just create a duplicate of that Zapier and then just basically say, like, I just need to connect a different copy to it.
Hattie Boydle: All right. So for now, that is sorted or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so Millie's one's up. And then once Hattie's events stuff is done, then I can get hers up as well.
Hattie Boydle: Okay. I don't know if this.
Kyle Musca: I don't know if this I don't want jinx it, but Hattie's should be better at targeting. I want it targeting because it's got more data, but it shouldn't be as  annoying because it's actually, like it's already, it's a count, like so Millie's a new ad account, so it's like it will have sort of, I guess, safeguards to make sure it's not like scammy or anything. That's why usually things are like difficult to set up and everything, but because Hattie's has already been like up and running, it shouldn't like be as  and annoying. Hopefully.
Hattie Boydle: Let's see if Hattie's happy with these pretty graphics. I'll put them in there. Oh, okay. So, it's That's what I just did for Millie's thing, but I connected to what was the name of the pixel that we're currently using for Hattie's ad account, because there was quite a few options in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what I'm trying to pull up right now.
Hattie Boydle: There was a, oh, I don't even want to  play around with the current Zapier one, but.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, essentially. What's page view? Page view, yeah. So, essentially, exactly what you did for Millie. You should be able to duplicate it, and most of it is done for you already. But then it probably is better to just create a new pixel from like how you did with millies.
Hattie Boydle: Okay, so just like create a whole new pixel for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you duplicate it again, most of it should already be set up. would just be about connecting it to Hatties.
Hattie Boydle: Okay. Easy.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right, let me know how you go. Once that's done, I can check and then I can get Hatties up as well.
Hattie Boydle: Perfect. All right. See you, bro. Talk to you soon.
Kyle Musca: Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 85/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-06T04:45:45Z | id:120274941
People: Kyle Musca

Imogen Harris: I'm happy to just do what I've been doing, the $9 a meeting is being recorded. And then the one that I had yesterday was pretty much looking just for something crazy. So I ended up doing the $1,500 package. And, yeah, that was pretty fine.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. So even so, you know, you're still- Still, like, $1,000, $50 more a week, $60 more a week than, I guess, what I was already charging. So, yeah. Yeah, perfect. No sort of issues selling that?
Imogen Harris: Like, you felt pretty good? Nah, I think, like, just becoming more familiar with the script, I'll be able to kind of change and alter things depending on what their goal are. Because, obviously, like, I think I, with conversations I've had this week and obviously the calls as well, established that, like, none of them were wanting to, like, lose weight necessarily. They were, like, wanting to build muscle and stuff like that as well. So that was where I was just, like, just alter the language that I use to suit that, which is fun.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I had this conversation with someone else this week, actually. So the script's really good at, like, drawing out pain, but, like They just don't have heaps of pain. So it's really like what we're trying to do is we're either trying to move people away from pain or towards a dream outcome. Now, for most people, moving away from the pain is like more of a, you know, emotional driving factor than moving towards a pain. Hence why we always want to hit on pain. But, you know, if someone just doesn't have heaps of pain, there's no point trying to really drill it in. So it's like more so shifting our focus to, you know, what they'll get out of it and the, you know, end result.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that was like the one that I had last night. I was just, I obviously went with some of the similarities of the script, but then it was kind of just focusing on what he actually wanted to achieve rather than the actual like previous circumstances and stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, that was easy though. Yeah, yeah. I find honestly like, again, you know, it's easy to sell when, you know, they've got heaps of pain. It's easy to get high ticket when they, heaps of pain. But like, honestly, when it's more so like, you know, they just want to dream out like an ultimate goal. It's, and it's, it's more of a straightforward conversation.
Imogen Harris: I mean, it's not. Not so much, like, trying to have to sell. Therapy side.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. And then with that as well, did you offer it just as, like, $1,500 and then just sort of, like, let him speak?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, so what he's going to do specifically is the $1,100 up front and then the $200 over the two months. So that was fine. Yeah, so he starts and he's finishing up with his old coach, so he starts in two weeks, which I said that was fine, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did he lay a deposit?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: So that's all happy days, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, yeah. You just want to always collect payment on the phone because what will happen is, like, naturally people will get off the phone and it's, like, you know, it could have been the greatest call ever and they could be, like, I'm so keen to change. Like, I'm absolutely certain you'll do it. But then, like, your brain will just sort of start talking to you. It's, like, what if this doesn't happen in X, Y, Z? What if it doesn't work? And your brain will try and revert back to what's comfortable, which, you know, is kind of what happened when we sort of wrapped up. literally, 100%. Yeah. So it's always to try. Like, I don't do it that much on these because it's, like, I'm not really pushing that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's all like when on those calls, it's always good to get something down to get that commitment. Perfect. Properly confident on these calls, ads launch, beautiful. Talking on stories more converted to calls. Perfect. So I want to get like all the ad stuff up and running public because the organic is already good for where we need to be. And then like once we've got that sort of flow on, that's when we'll like dig into the actual organic content and everything like that a little bit more. Yeah, make a million different pair of options. Yeah, that's the thing with Newey that I've kind of moved away from them for. It's just because they, I mean, they're easy to create payment links, but like there's just not much manual control.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. So like I have only made like the one breakdown of payments with like with the large deposit and then like the two smaller ones. But if I feel like I need to push them into a lower one, then I can just make that later on because I was just like, otherwise it's just going to be a fucker. And to be honest, because it's not like I'm selling five, six, seven. $1,000 break. They're not going to want to break down a two, really, a two grand or a $1,500 that much, to be honest. Well, I don't think I would anyway.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Yeah. What I do with those situations is like I get them to like do something to like activate the app or something. Like maybe you send them accountability form. Again, we'll get into all this and the onboarding stuff. But I get them to do like something that will take like two minutes so I can create an invoice quickly.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It also gets them to like take a first step for making payment. So it's like, you know, instead of like, cool, yeah, let's do that. And you're like, okay, cool. Here's the payment link.
Imogen Harris: It's like, cool. We'll get you set up. then you get them that step in. then, oh, last thing we need to do is just payment link. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Beautiful. Okay. So there's a fair bit we have to cover today. So the ad setup itself is pretty. I can handle all that. Um, do you, do you, get many chat?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, I connected it to my Instagram. Um, it started asking me a bunch of questions, which I didn't do, but it's connected and I've made the account.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So, um, you'll be able to add team members and then it'll just create your link.
Imogen Harris: If you can just send that straight through to me. Yeah. Where would I find our team members?
Kyle Musca: Let me, I think it's in settings.
Imogen Harris: Is there any, by the way, is there any questions that you sort of had that you wanted to? Nah, you've answered everything during the week. Pretty straightforward. So nah, nah, we're all good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Yeah. So if you go into settings and then like under the, at the top there would be like main and then three down as team members on the left.
Imogen Harris: Why do I not have that?
Kyle Musca: Could be, but because you may not have the pro version maybe. No, should still have to add me.
Imogen Harris: I've got contacts.
Kyle Musca: Are you on your phone? Maybe try doing it your computer if not.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Let me see if that. Yeah, that's good. It's not now loading on my laptop. That's fantastic. Yeah, it comes up with, it says channels, and then settings.
Kyle Musca: to share your screen, maybe?
Imogen Harris: It's not even loading on my laptop, so that's why I'm like, .
Kyle Musca: Maybe I need to try back my phone. Oh, okay.
Imogen Harris: I'll show you what this is.
Kyle Musca: Well, I'll show you, I'll show you mine. It'll be the same thing, essentially. So can you see that? So this is ManyChat. Do you have sort of a general idea of what ManyChat does?
Imogen Harris: Not a clue. I'm assuming it's just delegating conversations and automations, but.
Kyle Musca: So ManyChat kind of just like softly pre-qualifies it so we can differentiate who's like a good quality lead and who's someone we just kind of want to  off essentially. Yeah. So what they do is like when we run the ads, you'll see it's the DME trigger word, whatever we put there.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That will kickstart this automation, right? So we ask simple questions, you know, what's your sort of goal? What's your struggle? Soft financial qualifier, you're working full-time, part-time student. For you, not sure about your demographic and everything like that. If you do get a lot of underage girls or whatever, it's like that's when we add in like age qualifiers.
Imogen Harris: So it's like anything that we can just differentiate who we want to be speaking to. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now on the non, like that is not working at all. It's like, here's, you know, a free ebook or something. Okay. Like, off. Get out of here. I do student apprentices just because, you know, students or apprentices usually have really low income. Like, I would still get the DM setters to conversate with them to, like, you know, see if it's worth jumping on a call. Most of the time, it's not. And it's like, here's something,  off. The one we want is, like, working full-time, right? That's a soft financial qualifier. They should have disposable income. They should have some kind of income to invest into coaching. With financial qualifiers, we want to be very, very careful how we ask them because if we relate to, you know, we're just asking because we want to see how much money you have, essentially. If they get that hint in any way, shape, or form, they'll either think it's really expensive and just stop there altogether or it will lead down the conversation of what does it cost? And you want to avoid that at all costs, especially in the DMs.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Cool. So what this is, so then this is where the DM setters will essentially take over, right? So these messages... Which is automated, I'll touch base with you online next, right? But what this does is, this tags them, so we can obviously, in actual chats, can obviously filter who we really want to be, like the cream of the crop, these are the people we want to be speaking to. But then you'll see that this conversion API, so what this essentially does is, I don't know if this is my account, doesn't matter. And meta's changing its thing, so this won't, it's still buggy as , so I'm just going to show you this. So what meta does, right, is when we set up these campaigns, it's optimizing for cost per result. That basically means anyone that clicks on, like messages this trigger word through, meta's saying, okay, cool, that's a result, we got you a lead, we're going to charge you. that's Now, realistically, the problem with that is like just because someone messages you doesn't mean it's a good qualified lead at all.
Imogen Harris: Like the majority of them are to be absolutely  terrible.
Kyle Musca: So that's what we add the ManyChat qualifier on. So you'll see that there's an actual cost per result here, and then you'll see there's a cost per lead, like an actual lead.
Imogen Harris: That's where that conversion API comes into play.
Kyle Musca: So this does a few things. One, it allows me to scale on the short term so I can clearly see. Because what will happen sometimes is, you know, it could be like, let's say, $12 here, for example, right? This is very, by the way, like bird's eye view of the campaigns of how this stuff, but just the general overview. So it could be something like, you know, $12.50 as a cost per result, which, you know, by a cost per result is good.
Imogen Harris: If you're just going off that, anything under like $15 is considered good. Anything under like really good, anything under $21 is considered good.
Kyle Musca: So by all means, that would look  fantastic. But the issue. The here is when we actually come over and see, you how many people came through this automation and were working full-time and actually qualified. So one, obviously, there's a qualification, but also two, probably an overlooked factor, if you don't know what you're looking for, is just not an engaged conversation. You know what I mean? Like you'll get a lot of people just click through and you won't do anything. They'll never reply to you. It's just a waste of time. So it's like, we don't want to recall those people. So that's where that conversion API pulls that data through. Now, currently, so Meta set it up, just so you're aware. So Meta set it up. So essentially, all you could do was do a campaign to maximize engagement, which is that cost per result or the amount of results. But they're seeming to change the settings where we can actually sort of focus on optimizing the leads. So right now, what it's doing is I can see if an ad, so I can put an ad up and it will optimize around cost per result. And then, you know, whether or not the lead quality on the back end of that is like kind of. I guess in a way, luck, right? So it's like sometimes you'll see one where like I've seen it at like $20 cost per result, but the cost per lead is like $200, right? So it's like without that conversion API, you'd be wasting so much money. So at the moment, it's just kind of like the lead is not as a super strong sort of data feedback point, right? It helps us scale tremendously still. It's still super important. What this new style of campaign that, again, super buggy because they must have just recently changed the settings on it and won't let me publish anything with it. But it's like this campaign at the top here where it's actually optimizing for leads from the very start, which is really, really good because if we're pulling data from the really top, again, cream of the crop leads, it's going to feed that back in meta and say, let's go find more people like this.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's really cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what can happen with the results, right, is like it can get really aggressively hooked on like the wrong type of... audience because it's technically getting you a result. So it's like, you know, if you're targeting women in their 30s wanting to lose weight and like, you know, two or three 12-year-old girls message you, it's like, you know, who have put on their Instagram that they're 30, right? It's like, cool, you know, this girl's interested in like Fortnite and like makeup tutorials and whatever like 12-year-old girls are interested in. Let's go find more 30-year-olds that have interest in that, you know what mean? Which is like, it's just going to aggressively open.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that will be a bit of a godsend if it, if they fix their  and actually let me do it. But either way, we can start with an engagement campaign and I can scale it that way. Cool. So the conversion API, Michael set that up for you. Super easy. Once you've got many chat and everything that is, he does it for 250 USD. So, you know, not super ideal there, but it is worth it.
Imogen Harris: Up and around with it for days on end and still getting nowhere. So, no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Imogen Harris: I wouldn't know.
Kyle Musca: You can set it up yourself or myself. No,  that. But it will easily, easily save you that in the short-term end-long life.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So that's ManyChat. I'll set all that up for you. That's no stress. I'll just get you to come in and reword it when I've got it into your account and then obviously change the photos around and everything like that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Any questions on that?
Imogen Harris: No, that's all good. After this call, I'll figure out why the  it's not loading properly on my computer. Computer, I'll go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. All you have to do is just come to settings and then team members and then invite team member.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. All right. So that's ManyChat and kind of meta ads and stuff. Now we need to do this. So this is the DM script. Now. Now. This is the template, so yeah, just make a copy of this and reword it.
Imogen Harris: thank you.
Kyle Musca: But essentially, this will lead you, so this is where at the end of the automation where it says I'll be online next, that's where the setters will jump in or, you know, you, if, you know, depending on the split, having setters in. I would definitely recommend setters. Being in the DMs is an extremely  tedious job. And the biggest thing with all of this, so the biggest thing when it comes to sort of setting, any general inquiry, is speed to lead. So it's like if you have, you know, people message through when they're feeling sort of like motivated, maybe they're inspired, whatever, right? So it's like as they're in a buying mindset. And in there, right?
Imogen Harris: So it's like, we want to get them on a call as soon as possible, closest.
Kyle Musca: Ideally within a three-day window at the absolute max, obviously the sooner you can. But after three days, all your conversion metrics will start to drop. Your show-up rate will drop, your conversion rate will drop, everything like that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Even when I see people booking like through my calendar now, and it's like next Friday, I'll like send them an email and go like, I've got time today if they want to talk and half the time they end up doing it. So yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I would even do on that, if you're going to use Calendly, I would limit it to like three days. And then if there is no, if like they don't book in, then I would probably just call them and then you self-set them into a time. Because yeah, if they book that far out, it's , it's just.
Imogen Harris: Oh, I said, yeah.
Kyle Musca: We can talk about the different systems and setups and everything like that as well. But essentially, so this script is relatively simple. We want to, and I'll build you out of ChatGBT project. And everything like that. So essentially, this is like the bones of it, right? This is like the structure of the framework of it. But essentially, what the setter should do is should feed conversations through ChatGPT to get a nice personalized reply back to whatever they said. Because if you just sort of go through the script and sort of follow it word for word, and you don't sort of empathize with what they've said, they're just going to feel like it is a script. You know what mean? It's not personal. So we need to make it nice and personal, which I can set up for you. But I would definitely come through. Well, you definitely need to come through and just sort of reword this to make sure it's your own sort of language and you're happy with it. Now, each step is for a specific reason. So obviously, there's the first message. The first one is goals, right? We want to get a good understanding of what their goals are. Next one is, and then, by the way, you've got each follow-up for each specific stage. So it's relevant to what you guys are speaking about at the time. So one hour, three hours, seven hours, and 24 hours. Cool. And then struggle. What do think is holding you back from achieving that? What do you need to make it happen? Now I go into soft financial qualifier. Where are you based and what does it do for work? So the main thing we're trying to do here is what do you do for work? Similar to the many chat, we already know they should be working full-time. We just do want to confirm that they have a decent paying job. As long as they're working full-time, I'll still take the call. But ideally, we want to make sure of that because some people could lie on the first thing, right? But we throw it in there with where are you based and then do you find it stressful, highly active, sedentary most of the time? Because we want to, again, allude from the conversation of like, what does it cost? And if they don't ask, how old are you, right? If they've already said, because in the many chat, wait, in the many chat flow, it says, what's your, at the end, what's your age and current age and height and weight? Okay. So if they ignore that, it's a bit of a red flag. I would try and qualify that. Otherwise, get like 14. Oh, not that. You don't want to get an 18-year-old girl on the front, right? She's not going to do it. If they're under low, under 40K, like a student apprentice or something like that, you can ask a hard financial qualifier, like, you know, are you in a solid enough spot to invest 500 to get started? Up to you. For me, I personally just sort of  them off onto, well, I try and do a low ticket downsell.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's up to you. We can sort that out. This isn't super relevant. And this is something we can add in after, like, we want to make sure we're getting the, focusing on the actual properties before we add in those things, right? It's not that difficult. Now, this is something I wouldn't add unless it becomes a problem. So I'm going to include that. Machine, let me add if. So, that's not alone. Harmony. So, that's I recognize. Yeah. So I would not start with this. The reason I added this in there was because I was getting a lot of people, like a few people getting on calls and I thought it was free. You'd have to be a bit of a retard to get on a coaching call and I thought it was free. So it's like, that's what we do with qualifications, right? So every single step, so every in the mini chat, in terms of every single back and forth conversation message, we're adding in an extra level of friction, right? Now we want to make the funnel as frictionless as possible to maximize conversions, but adding friction allows us to qualify, right? So it's like, we could open the floodgates and just let anyone and everyone book a call, but a lot of those would be time wasters. We have to add friction in to qualify, but it's about finding that fine line of like, what's too much friction, but maximizing conversions at the same time. So that's why I'd say remove this to start with.
Imogen Harris: And if it becomes a problem, then we can add it in. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I... Potentially, we're going get you a coach is what I was. Sick as bro. Yeah. So in that case, it would be like sick. And then it's, now this is prompting for a call. We don't just go straight into cool. Like let's jump on a call. Cause that will scare people off. We don't, we want to use like low commitment terminology. How about we line up call just to see, you know, what coaching option may be to suit you best. So for this, you might change it to like, you know, I'd love to jump on a call with you just so we can dive into things a little bit deeper. Yeah. And you can add, you know, which coaching option may suit you best. Again, I added that in there to be clear that this is not a free thing.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep. And then re-ask, would you be down for that? So just directly asking for the backend. Then really, really important off here. So the setters will do it, but just in your case as well, I would always manually book. Don't just send a link and say book in here because you will get a lot of drop off. Like people will get distracted. Maybe time doesn't work.
Imogen Harris: Maybe I don't. never, ever actually bored them that I always book in their time because otherwise as well, half the time they'll book in when I'm like, , I've got something else on now, so I can't do that. So at least if I know it's in first and I can work my  around that as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, fantastic. Yeah, so it's just like, what date and time? Cool, what's your best email? And phone to use and I'll lock that in. Also, all right, best name, best phone. You know, it's used, a bit harder. Yeah, so if you don't, if the name zone's there, obviously. Yeah, so again, just follow-ups there. Now with follow-ups as well, just so you're on the same page with anything to do with sales, we never want to come across as desperate or we're trying to chase. So all our follow-ups are kind of like, you know, you're on my time and just sort of, I just had some time to kind of get back to you, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah. No pressure vibes.
Kyle Musca: pressure vibes. Um... Cool. Now, so that's the, from there, the call should be booked, right? It should be in the calendar. Now, a really common issue people make is like, cool, I booked you in for tomorrow at 7pm, I'll chat to them. And it's like, your show up rate would tank like a  if you do that. But, like, I, there was a point where I got an AI bot in my setting thing. And it conversated pretty well, like, for an AI bot. Like, it was getting really good, like, booking ratios. But it would do that because I'm not going to get into it right now. You have to set up, like, webhooks and it would have to, like, turn off one AI and turn on one other AI. It didn't really seem that complicated, but the people said, we're  just wasting a massive amount of time. was sick, pissed off with it. But my show up rate went from, like, 60% to 20% just because it basically said, cool, you booked in, I'll chat to you at 7pm tomorrow, right? This is super, super important. So, cool, all logged in. You should have got a confirmation email.
Imogen Harris: Can you just confirm that, right? Make sure it's in their calendar so they can easily find it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Again, I add this in. You don't have to add this in, but I do, you know, so asking a direct, will you 100% be able to make that time? I mean, you don't, yeah, it's just annoying. People book it in. They're like, oh, I'm still at work or I'm like , you know what mean? It's like, dickhead, I'm still at work too. Yeah, just confirm, will 100% make that time and schedule my whole day around and waste a fair bit if it doesn't show up?
Imogen Harris: So it's to reinforce the shop, right, essentially. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Second, explaining if there's any issues to jump on the call or how to jump on the call, right? If something pops up or you have any issues jumping on, feel free to shoot me a message here, get flooded of DMs. Here's the booking link to make it easier. The call will be on Google Meet or Zoom, whatever you use.
Imogen Harris: Do you use one or the other? Zoom.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So it's not the end of the world, both fine. I would personally recommend Google Meet just because, one, it's more affordable anythingHHHH here. We'll be If not free, I think. I can't remember. But more people, it's easier for people to get onto. So it's like they're on a laptop. They don't need an app or anything like that. They can just click the link and join directly. Still need an app if they're on their phone, but it's a Google app. Whereas Zoom, there can be a little bit of confusion. I use Zoom because Google won't let me sign into my account to set it up.
Imogen Harris: So I'm kind of stuck using Zoom. Yeah, I've never even looked at it, but I've always, yeah, I'll just always use Zoom, but it can be quite difficult to use from time to time.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah, it's not Google. Yeah, it's not the end of the world either or. Yeah. Cool. Does that all make sense? Just want to make sure we can dive in on the day. And then it's like, okay, awesome chatting to you. Super keen to see what we can come up with. I'm to spend some time going over what we spoke about. Make sure you let me know if anything pops up. Now I have these two videos. Here's some homework. So I would only for you do one.
Imogen Harris: The second one is basically me showing how the inside of my app looks so they can actually like. Visualize it.
Kyle Musca: But this one is basically a VSL. Not really VSL. VSL is more of a sales letter. This is kind of like a reinforcing the show up rate, right? It's planning, like, make sure. I'm just going to, I'm not going to actually play it, but it's like, I'll send this to you so you can actually watch it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's like, hey, fucker. Make sure you show up for the call. Show up on time. Be ready to learn. Yeah. If you can't make it, that's fine.
Imogen Harris: Just let me know. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. The second one is be ready to take action. Yeah. Make sure you ask your partner, whatever. Make sure they're aware that you're having on this call. Etc, etc, I'm not going to share that to you. I will. Well, I mean, it's on the script, but. Yeah. I'll share it to you so you can watch it. it on time. Booking a video. Cool. And then.
Imogen Harris: So if I was to film that one and just send the link in with everything else as well, like, they'd be able to put that in, like, the auto flow as well of the chart?
Kyle Musca: So you just, like, you'll create your own document of this?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, you would just put your link there. the set is going to send it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: I'm just trying to find where my actual project is.
Imogen Harris: Oh, my camp is so  not organized. So I'd be hopeless to that.
Kyle Musca: I use Canva for, like, two things.
Imogen Harris: So let's. Yeah, was surprised when you said that. I could understand why you would use stories, but at least if I do it on my computer, then I can not be on my phone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yours looked organic. Usually when someone makes it on camera, doesn't look organic at all. As long as it, like, doesn't look like an ad, that's the biggest thing.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I don't want to download that. I'll share that. Cool. So, yeah, same thing. Just make it a template, change out the photos, change the branding. Yeah, That's pretty much the DM setting script. Pretty strict. So, one thing with the, I see a very, very common mistake with people making, like, doing setting, is they, they conversate way too much, right? Again, every single piece of, you know, back and forth is a level of friction. People will, you know, and I see it all the  time, is they'll get a response back and then they'll go on a call. Or they'll  start asking side questions to try and go down that rabbit hole or whatever. It's like we want to avoid that at all costs. We just want to like ask the questions ultimately. Like we're just asking these first two questions to open them up so we can ask the , should you be jumping on a call for me? Like with me, cool, you're qualified, let's get on a call.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. Honestly, like if someone starts to say more than two messages back and forth, it's just like straight on a call. Like I'm not wasting my time messaging you. I'd much rather actually have a conversation. So, yeah, that's.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, you want to reply taking consideration what they said, but you want to make sure that it's always like moving them to this, you know, next bit. So, it's like if they start going on a  tangent, it's like, yeah, no, I completely understand how X, Y, Z could be affecting. And that's, you know, what we work with girls inside the team. Curious, by the way, what is it you do for work? Like it's taking consideration and then move on.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, perfect. Perfect. Now, yeah, sorry, any questions on any of that stuff?
Imogen Harris: No, no. Oh, good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So that is, all right, we're making good time here, which is beautiful. Is there anything else I need? So with that, I'll show you. Now, the DM setters, I'm currently working, so I've been working with, like, a lady that kind of manages them. She's been really good. The issue with her, I found, is it can be a little bit, like, unstable was the maybe word to use. So, for example, I had a setter in my account last year, and the last year was absolutely killing it. was just, like, crushing it. And then all of a sudden, he must have, like, got a job somewhere else or something. And then she had to, like, change him out, and then the new setter wasn't doing his job, like, in the end of the group. And it's, like, I wasn't really aware about that. Like, I was, but I wasn't really aware why things were happening, what was happening until  hits Ben. You obviously just don't want that. So she manages and stuff and she's been great. I've been with her for ages. But I do work with this new company that can source experience setters. So with hers, for example, it's like six to seven USD an hour. And then there's 25%, sorry, $25 USD commissions. That's through me. Usually it's like, I think it's like seven USD and $50 commission or something, which isn't bad. Like it's definitely not bad at all. Um, but with this new company I'm going with, um, what they do is they'll go source the setter for you so they can work directly with you. So you can train them exactly how you want them to be trained. Um, you know, they should get really good at your tonality because they're only working in your account and you can give them direct feedback, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Um, and then what, so they're 10 USD just as a flat rate. There's no commissions on top of that. But then what I'm, cause I've got a really good relationship with the guy that does it. Um, I'm going to get it. So it's, Essentially, the set is split across two different accounts with similar sort of tonalities and demographics. So it'd be basically the same messaging and wording and everything like that.
Imogen Harris: But by splitting it, brings it from like 10 USD an hour down to like, I think it's 6 USD an hour or something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, with no comms. Sorry, yeah, no commissions on top.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that sounds good.
Kyle Musca: So, again, set is probably the best high you will make in your business besides like a coach and stuff when you get to that point, if they're good. Because it means that, you if the marketing is set up right and they're doing their job right, you just sit down and just like take sales calls.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that would be saving time in the DMs and stuff like that would just be so much easier, honestly. So, like, emotionally draining some of the conversations can be as well. So, if I can come up with it.
Kyle Musca: And I just find like in the DMs, like, you just get so pissed off after a while just reading some stupid replies. They've got like no emotional detachment. And as you can see...
Imogen Harris: It like, you know, you get a  ton of DMs once you start running ads. Yeah, .
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you don't want to be spending time in it.
Imogen Harris: one day ago.
Kyle Musca: Oh, God. Yeah. Otherwise, it just does your head in.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. All make sense?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: So, the setup, I mean, let see how we go with this lead campaign. I can't set anything up really until Michael gets that conversion API set up in the mini chat, which shouldn't take long. That should be done by end of weekend if we can get him in there. Yeah. Theoretically, I would recommend hiring a setter when we get started.
Imogen Harris: I'm honestly, like, I take your lead with it if you think that that's, it sounds like it would be extremely beneficial. I don't want to be having to try and juggle a million different manual messages coming in and then having to, like, go.
Kyle Musca: And copy and paste the answers and all that. like, I don't do that. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, yeah, I've just seen other coaches like, oh no, like I've literally had, yeah, coaches like, no, I'll reply to it all. And like, nothing's getting booked in and stuff. Cause it's like, you don't want spend all day in your messages. And then as soon as the setter got, like, I was like, just put a setter in there and just took off. So I was like, now I'm just like, don't run ads unless you can have a setter in there.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. No, a hundred percent.
Kyle Musca: Um, so what I could do there is Bree's looking at doing the same setup there. So I might try and balance it between you guys. We'll play around with it. But what I'll do is I'll, I've already reached out to, um, his name's Charles to get, to go source setters and stuff like that. So I can put together a list and you can like watch the interviews and you can do them if you like. And we'll go from there. Um, but we'll get the campaigns and all that set up. So we're probably looking at, again, depending on how fast we can get all this done, uh, maybe early to mid next week, we could probably launch.
Imogen Harris: Yep. Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, I'll figure out what the 's going on with this laptop thing so I can get you into the many chat now and then I'll get the script done this afternoon and alter that  as well so then that's all ready to go.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. I'll also send you Michael's contact now. So just say I sent you, I think sometimes he tries to charge a little bit more but just tell him I sent 250.
Imogen Harris: And then I'll just do what I do with adding him into the many chats like you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, same thing. You just send a link and then they can join straight away.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, okay, cool. Now, this is not something that we need to do urgently by any means but we do have a little bit of time so we're running through it. So have you used GoHolo before?
Imogen Harris: No.
Kyle Musca: So go ahead a little, it looks complicated. It's basically an all-in-one system. So how much are sort of spending on Calendly at the moment?
Imogen Harris: I wouldn't even know.
Kyle Musca: I have no idea, to be honest.
Imogen Harris: I can have a look, but no, I wouldn't have a clue.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it depends on how much different softwares you have. So again, it's an all-in-one. So it's like your CRM. So you've got all your contacts and everything like that. Um, you can actually, I'll wait for it to load. You can, um, yeah, so you've got all your contacts and everything like that. Every, everyone that comes through your business just sort of automatically gets added to this, um, which is really, really good because it can build like an actual list over time. Um, and you know, future, if we get into email marketing or.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. I preview, like I've got, um, I don't even know what's called flow desk, I think, um, for emails and stuff like that. But again, like, I haven't really dabbled into it too much because the last person I was working with was kind of  hopeless.
Kyle Musca: So.
Imogen Harris: But it's. Definitely something that I need to get back into.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, like until you're like, so realistically, one funnel should be able to get you to a million dollars a year, right? So it's like the direct response one is just like where we want to aim for. It's the fastest turnaround. It's the least complicated. And then we can like start once we've got that up and running and it's, you know, pulling in good quality leads for us, then we can sort of look at, you know, branching out and trying some other things. What you can do here. So yeah, like, for example, I could select all these contacts and then I could send them all an email. could send them all an SMS, send an SMS, send them WhatsApp if I want.
Imogen Harris: I don't think I've connected WhatsApp, but you can send them WhatsApp.
Kyle Musca: It's your calendar booking system here. So especially like, calendar is not bad at all when you've got just yourself, but it's like once you have teams and everything like that, you can't see where other people's bookings are. And everything like that. Whereas this just sort of like maps out everyone's all in one. So you can just sort of clearly see it. You can do this in Calendly as well, but, you you can separate where, for example, these are organic self-bookings, right, versus these are ad bookings. These are DMs, that is organic bookings. So it's like you can differentiate all that stuff. Then, yeah, so you can book directly in from here. What this also does as well is you can directly message people from this. So you don't really need to use Instagram because that's more so many chat, but you can connect Instagram to this and see all Instagram chats. You can message. So if I typed in a message and I sent that right now, it would actually come from my own personal number. Whereas in Calendly, one, can send reminders, which we'll get into in a second here, but you can't, like, send out specific, you know, texts or anything like that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I always have to send, like, the usual, like, a separate email to the email that they got confirming their call.
Kyle Musca: So it ends up being  annoying for them. Yeah, and they can message back and everything like that. So, for example, this is, you know, my clothes are speaking to this guy through text about getting on the call.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: WhatsApp, again, I haven't connected, but you could do that. Could send him an email if I wanted to or Instagram. So it's pretty cool in that regard.
Imogen Harris: And then you can add different numbers. So I've got an Australian number and a US number, for example. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, that's pretty cool. I'll have a gaze without this other because, yeah, I wouldn't know what I'm obviously using the calendar.
Kyle Musca: But if that's all kind of combined into one, that seems a little bit more logistic. Yeah, this isn't like a super urgent thing. Like, we'll probably transition this into this with time. I think it's like 97 USD a month or something like that. So it's not an urgent thing. But, you know, it just sort of saves you if like you've got an email software and a booking software and another software in the back end. It's like, you can just kind of combine them into one place.
Imogen Harris: Yep.
Kyle Musca: You can also build, again, we won't need this unless we start building out more complicated pipelines and everything like that. But you can also build out like different pipelines and automations and everything like that. So, for example, you when someone fills out my inquiry application form for coaching, they automatically go straight into this bucket. But then if they were to manually, because I give them the option to, if they're qualified to manually book a call in straight away, if they were to go into that and they booked a call, then they would automatically be moved over to organic self-booked.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I've also got the same for a referral as well. Yeah, that's pretty self-explanatory. So this is pretty simple. I don't  around with this too much because I think people get way too overcomplicated with like making sure that, you know, each little step of the pipeline is set up and all that. It's like, brother, you've got like,  all leads. But, you know, it's a cool feature to have.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then what you can do is set up like different types of automations and stuff. You can obviously get them more complicated, but for example, like a simple one would be just a, like say they booked in a call out of any of these calendars, they just go straight into a normal, you know, booking thing. So it's like confirmation email, hey, you've just gotten this added to your calendar, 24 hours, the SMS and email goes out reminding the call.
Imogen Harris: SMS goes out because Calendly don't do that, any of that .
Kyle Musca: But so what Calendly does, you can set up workflows in Calendly, but the issue is every single reminder all comes from the same number in Calendly. So it's like if they've booked in with another business in the past and that business used Calendly, then the same reminders come from the same number, right? So it's like they can't really see who it is. Whereas this one, we can kind of just say like, hey, I texted this guy here today. was like, hey, bro, I think the reminder sent it through already. But if you have any issues, jump on, here's my number.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Cool. Does that all make sense?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, that's cool. Cool.
Kyle Musca: All right. Well, that's pretty much what we need to run over for now. Biggest things will be just rewording that DM.
Imogen Harris: Like, so make a copy, reword that for yourself.
Kyle Musca: Get Michael, set up ManyChat, get Michael that attached to the conversion API. Once that's done, I will implement the ManyChat flow into your account, and then you just have to reword that and change the images around. And then from there, I can create the ad campaigns, and then as long as we have a setter in place, we're ready to launch.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, cool. Amazing. All right, I'll get on to all that this afternoon, so we can, my end's done and sort of, then it's happy days.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome. Any questions before we wrap up?
Imogen Harris: No, we're all good. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: No worries. Let me know if you have any issues or struggles or questions, and we'll go from there.
Imogen Harris: All right. Sounds good. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Cheers.
Imogen Harris: Bye. Bye.


>>> 86/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-06T06:51:20Z | id:120282836
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Let's just do a review of your comments. This meeting is being recorded.
michael: Come again, sorry?
Kyle Musca: Is there anything specific that you want to cover in today's session?
michael: At the moment, like, probably nothing super specific. I think overall, the general consensus is just, like, get better at the videos that I'm already doing, which I feel like is just kind of like a, like, like we talk about this, like, every single week kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, that's realistically, like, just, we're trying to add layers into it now. You know what I mean? Like, we're trying to cover all different hatches. So, for example. You've got a feel for the girls. You guys have it tough out here. The amount of misinformation that circulates the female side of the fitness industry is quite disappointing. Before you come at me, I'm not saying I know it all, but I'm going to clarify one thing very quickly to save you a lot of time. Toning doesn't exist. There is no workout you can do that'll tone your muscles. If you want to tone, you need to build the muscle and then be lean enough in order to see the definition. And so how do you build the muscle? You pick up some heavy weight and take it close to or to failure. And no, you won't end up looking like a man. This is my client Mariah, who did exactly that, and I don't know about you, but last time I checked, this is not what a man looks like. Yeah, so perfect. I would, when you're going to try and do that, so you've waited to the end to add that client in there, right? Because that relies on the viewer watching all the way to the end. What I would try and do is I'll try and get it in no later than sort of halfway through.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: For example, like toning simply means that you're, you know, you've got the muscle mass and you're lean enough for the muscle to actually show through. All right. That's exactly what we did with my client XYZ here, right? Yeah.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like statement, this is how I did it for my client. Yeah. And then one thing I'd also do. One thing, the other thing I'd also do here is I'd start incorporating carousers a little bit more.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you're like me, very, very real heavy. And I can kind of get away with it. But for just, again, a well-rounded sort of social media, I would definitely include carousels. Because essentially, Instagram favors reels and carousers the most, right? Because that's where it can draw the most attention out of people.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So like carousers, essentially what you do, like Monday CTA, you can do that on your actual feed, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's one thing I would definitely start including. Because again, it's... It's essentially the exact same thing, but more people will see it and it stays for longer.
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for that, I mean, like carousers, I'd probably do a little bit longer. So instead of like three slides, for example, you might do four, five, six, however many you need, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Same concept with them. If you're going to do it, I would definitely come to someone who does do them well. So I think Matt, he might have stepped away from doing it. haven't actually seen his content much recently, but yeah. You know what mean?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it might even be like a front photo of you from where you started to where you are now. You know, let's say 2018 to now.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Skinny, small, no confidence, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, right? And then with these, it's really important to tell a story, you know what mean? So, yeah, this is a good one because this helps people relate to you, you know what I mean?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I assume we're probably seeing transmissions come in here as well, the social proof coming in, right? These are really, really good to get social proof in, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Does that make sense?
michael: Yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: Seems to have moved away from them, but still, like, relatively good. Like, they're not, they don't have the virality aspect that, you know, some of these other ones do. But they will be really good to, you know, I haven't posted a carousel in a while, but I assume they probably show. I Anything on your story for 24 hours. So like leave it completely blank. So on Sunday when people aren't really active, or you can do it Saturday. I don't really care. Whatever works better. And then on either Sunday or Monday when you decide to post it, you just put one story up where it's basically like, and keep it really, really simple. Something like, I'm looking for, I'm looking for eight men who want to drop 10 kilos over the next 90 days. You know, sometimes you can add on without problems. So like I'm looking for eight men who want to drop 10 kilos over the next 90 days without extreme diets or, you know, whatever you say, right? Without struggle, essentially. Especially that's you, or if you're interested or whatever, apply here. And then you just do one story. Now with them, it's really important. Can I pause this? With them, it's really important to. If have that one story on its own, if you post another story after that, it will ruin the effect of it. So essentially when you post one story, Instagram seems to just push it way harder than if you just post like five.
michael: Right, okay.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Yeah, perfect. So plenty of social proof here. What I would try and do, are you doing many sticky taps, any polls, any questionnaires?
michael: Yeah, actually, I have some questions in the questionnaire that I did the other day that I still  forgot to reply to.
Kyle Musca: Right, yeah.
michael: But yeah, I still do do them. Probably questionnaires more than any of the others, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so I mean, there's... Questionnaires, you get a little bit more juice out of them. Like you can like sort of reply off them properly. You can put them on your story, cetera, et et The issue I find with the questionnaires is like you won't get as many people raising their hand, if that makes sense.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, so this is where polls or like Stifka taps come into play because it's like they don't have to think about anything. So you might ask a questionnaire, but someone might not really just think about what answer to put in there and they might, you know, in like it's seems it's such an easy thing to do, but, you know, that's just how people's brains operate. Whereas like a sticker tap, right? If you're like, or a poll, like what are struggling with most right now, training, nutrition, yada, yada, yada. Like you can message off the back end of that and they didn't have to think of anything.
michael: They just sort of tapped it, right? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Yeah. So that's something I would start doing more of just. But again, find hand-raises, get their hand to pick up. Have I shown you the lead magnet script?
michael: Potentially. So this is... Last week, maybe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we'll quickly run over it again. I have updated this a little bit recently, so I'm not sure if it's before or after I last spoke to you about it. But so with the lead magnet, man, we just want to, same as all DM scripts, we just want to quickly pre-qualify and see if it's even worth talking to them in the first place. And then the difference between lead magnet scripts versus a direct response script is just the sort of terminology that we're using. Obviously, direct coaching, like they know, you know, do you want to jump on a call? We can chat about it a little bit deeper, yada, yada, yada. Whereas, like, the lead magnet stuff is, like, you're just, like, the friendly  neighborhood Spider-Man that's there offering help. And then all of a sudden, you know, at the end of the call, then they're... Like prompted with the idea of getting on, joining coaching, right? So it's just kind of wording. So same stuff, goal, we want to figure out their goal, primary struggle, you know, what they've already tried, right? What do they do for work? And then it's like, if they're qualified, yeah, I've already worked with guys doing a similar job to you. So like we say, we always say that, so they feel a little bit more comfortable, you know, knowing that you're the expert and the authority to help them, right?
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then this is the main difference, right? So for a direct one, it's like, do you want to jump in a call, see what coaching options? Like dive into things deeper, see what coaching options are going to suit you best. Whereas with this one, we don't even mention coaching, right? It's a little bit tricky to get a full insight of everything you're doing over DMs, but if you're keen, I'm happy to line up a quick call so we can dive into things a little bit deeper, right? So you're kind of, the proposition, like you're proposing it is like you're just there to sort of jump on there and give them sort of free value, free advice, etc., right? But they should be qualified, so it's like by the end of it, you kind of just say, and you do the exact same closing call, you just obviously reword it, so it's like less coaching intent. But at the end of it, it's like, oh, by the way, man, like, you know, have you ever thought about getting a coach just to sort of get all this sort of sorted for you?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've sort of thought about it, X, Y, Z, but, you know, you've just conversated with them in the DMs, you've given them a call to really run through, they should be feeling really heard, and this will trigger the rule of reciprocity. So have you heard of that before?
michael: Yeah, it's like where people feel like they're in like a value debt to you, and they want to give you something back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. So that's just how our society is. Like social norms are, right? Someone gives you something of value, want to give them something back. So that's the ultimate thing we're trying to work on here is just give them heaps of free value. So they just feel really confident and comfortable giving something back to you, which ultimately helps them anyway.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Does it make sense?
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'll send this over to you. Now, that's going to do two things. One is you're obviously either going to get a client out of it, or at the very least, it's going to give you sort of practice to run through the actual sales script. And just get really. They're at the sales process, if that makes sense.
michael: It's going to help you get the reps in. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, again, obviously, with the sales call, you just sort of, you know, gear it towards the actual specifics. So it's like, you wouldn't say, like, why have you decided now to get a coach? For example, you'd kind of be like, why have you sort of decided to kind of, I guess, reach out and, you know, even potentially get a pair of other eyes on this or something, you know what mean?
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's a similar process, just a slightly different word. Cool, bro. There was a day, trying to get something. Are you just posting randomly throughout the day?
michael: Do you post at specific times? Don't necessarily have specific times. I just kind of have everything backlogged. If I, or when I do, like, pre-record or pre-make them, and then they just kind of.
Kyle Musca: If I can go out, whatever. Yeah, okay. So there's not technically – so Instagram used to be basically chronological, which means that, you know, whoever posts is most recent is whoever gets seen first. Whereas now it's – I can't remember exactly what it's called, but it's basically geared towards it doesn't – it's not meant to matter when you post. I don't think that's the case though because, one, like if you've got more people active when you, you know, first post and more of your active, engaged followers are going to see your content sooner, which will help to push it out into the algorithms faster, right? Like better. So one thing is, have you had a look at when your followers are most active?
michael: Yeah, I had a look last week. I think we spoke about it briefly. It's like either like basically straight up in the morning or like 6 p.m.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's pretty similar to mine. So what I always do is I post like – And leading up to it. Now, from my experience, doesn't necessarily, you know, just because your peak audience is like available at 6 p.m., right, doesn't mean you should be posting at 6 p.m. So, for example, I always post, and I don't know if you need to be this specific, but I always post, ideally, my peak time is like either 7, between 7.14 and 7.16 is really when I want to get the post up. But if it gets to like a.m., if it gets to like 7.23 plus, I'll probably save it for the next hour. I really like posting between like that first quarter of the hour.
michael: If you post right on the hour, that's when everyone will post, especially if they got scheduled.
Kyle Musca: Half an hour, same thing. So I find that for me works really, really well. Same thing at like, I'll try and post at like 4.14 to 4.16, right? Whether that's sort of superstition or what, I just find that my posts go way, way harder if I can get it within that gap.
michael: Let's Let's Let's Okay.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'd definitely play around with that. Just because from me, from my perspective, definitely seems to make a difference.
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Got one of my overdue payments back using it. Yeah, perfect.
michael: But that was a  mission and a half.
Kyle Musca: How, what was the issue there?
michael: He just was like low-key ghosting me. And like, I was like, I sent him so many  emails, like overall, I think it was, and obviously like I was messaging him at the same time. In total, that, that email, like, what do you call it, thread or whatever, was like 12.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, right. Okay. Yeah. Payment fails. was annoying, but anyway. Increase community engagement. Form and execution exercise of tips and tricks and cues. Do an interest as an issue rather than act as a bit of guideline. Yeah. What platform do you use for social coaching?
michael: Kahunas. Kahunas for coaching and then group chats run through just Instagram.
Kyle Musca: Can you add external links to Kahunas that they can click on or add video series or anything like that?
michael: Yeah. I think that Kahunas has its own library.
Kyle Musca: You can add to that. Yeah. Sick. So how active is your group chat at the moment?
michael: Not that active, but it's probably my fault to be fair.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if you can get it. If group chat active, man, then it's like a bit of a godsend. I'm not going to lie. Because, one, it just makes people feel like they're part of a community, right? Like, that's going to help retention if they feel like they're a part of something bigger than them and bigger than you. You know what I mean? People don't want to leave a group where they feel really comfortable and have a bunch of friends, right? Yeah. So you can see this is my group chat, bro. Like, I can't even keep up with it. don't really even  check it anymore because, like, they just go  hard. Like, this is all still today.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All still today. You know what mean? So if you can get it pumping, man, people  love it. Like, I don't know if you're a group chat person much. I'm not really. So it's like you've got to kind of get out of the mindset of just because, and again, I don't even know if you do this, but just because you don't do it doesn't mean other people don't like it. Right? done. And that's like across everything, right? Like in general. The other really good thing is now that I have got a pumping man, I get new clients to join this and like say, hey, I'm new to the team. These are my goals, whatever the . And then all the other lads in the group chat always just go like, welcome board. Like you're in like really good hands, you know, and basically hype them up from the start, which is really, really important because it will make them feel like they've instantly made the right decision. If they've got other people inside the team saying how  great it is.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. It also takes a lot of the load off you because like, again, was reading through some of these chats the other day and like they were asking other guys in the team about certain like things, like on how to do certain things. And like, for example, Dan would answer them. So, yeah, it can also take a little bit of the load off you. Do you have set. Posting days for your group chat, or you just sort of randomly do ?
michael: It is a bit random at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would, what I did to get this started, and I still do, it's the same structure. On Monday, I do a motivational message, right, which I literally just chuck into ChatGPT every single Monday and say, like, write me a new one with a different angle, and then I reword it a little bit, but.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: When it comes up. , this is slower. Yeah. Happy Monday, week four of the challenge, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, and then I'll just, like, reword it and change around a little bit if it does most of work, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: On Wednesday, my head coach, either Pat or Kyle, either one, they both have their days, will do, like, a win. So it's like a client shout-out. You know, this week, for Wednesday, I call it Wednesday win. I just wanted to shine a light on, you know, Rachel, who only joined. wanted next Bye. Bye. Bye. A month ago, but she's already down four kilos. This is, you know, again, I'll try and find. Yeah, see, something like this. Happy Friday. Hope everyone's had a ripper. This week's Friday when he goes to Callum. Callum's been on board since late December, as you can see. Not taking initial goals, losing 10 kilos in 12 weeks, and we're truly on track to smash that. Drop your wins below. You know mean?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then Pat will do the other one. So, gets the guys included, or the members included, and it shines, like, light on them. And honestly, like, when I first started group chat, I was like, no one's going to  do anything in this. It's probably going be a waste of time. Whatever. Started it. picked up, like, pretty quickly. And now it's the point where I can't even  keep up with the messages.
michael: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So I would do Monday, Wednesday, Friday, essentially, with the different topics. So Monday wins, Wednesday wins, sorry, Monday motivation, Wednesday wins, Friday, whatever the  you call it.
michael: Yeah, okay, easy.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on the group chat?
michael: No, no, that's sweet.
Kyle Musca: And then also being on Instagram as well, you could probably play around with like, probably a good thing on Instagram because everyone can add each other and be like friendly and . Um, like one thing I would do there is like, if someone posts and tag you like, you know, that, um, Lara chick, is that her name?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like you might share that to the group chat. You're like, you know, what an absolute rig. Like, why am I not seeing more of you post this?
michael: Ha ha. Like, joke around. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because this is critical, man. Like, if she's, if you get a bunch of clients  posting you on their story, tagging you, you know what mean? And this is going to get other girls, you know. Does Lara have a big following?
michael: Not massive, no.
Kyle Musca: Not a massive following, but like, man, it's still decent. You know what mean? If she's got, depends on the type of following, but like, like Jesse, for example, he has a client that only has 2,000 followers, and she just posts like a  ton on her reels and stories and stuff like that about it. She brought like 40 clients to him in a year.
michael: Like Jesse Smith?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
michael: hell. I do remember having a chat to him about this a bit ago, actually, and he said something similar.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, again, referrals will be feeders, and it doesn't have to be a direct referral on the team. It could be someone posting on their social media as like a . You know what Yeah. Yeah. So that's something I would do because, again, that just gets your coaching out there so much more. And I, yeah, there's coaches I know that get like such great growth off referrals alone.
michael: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: In terms of starting a library, you could do something like that for sure. Again, this kind of comes into what we were speaking about last week is I would for you, and this adds another element into your coaching as well, is like you may even want to do a group coaching call once per week where you cover a new topic and then you just record that and then you can just add it to your system and build a library over time.
michael: Right, okay.
Kyle Musca: That's something I would really start to do. Not going to lie, not maybe like for me anyway, and for a lot of coaches I know, not heaps of people show up to the group calls. So what you may even want to  do there, man, is theoretically, like once you're comfortable doing them, you could even do a live on Instagram.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like we're doing a group coaching call if you want to join. Here you go.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because, you know, again, you probably want to… won't get heaps of people to join that. Again, I don't join  lives, but I know there's whole content creators that have all their socials just around going live. I remember talking to some dude who goes live for like 12 hours every single  day, and I'm like, what do you mean? So it's like there's people out there that do it, you know what mean? And you don't need heaps of people on them. You might only get one, two, or three people, like followers on it that aren't in the team. But like, if you can show them that you're actually, that's where you show that you're the educator, you know what mean? Because they've come to you, and they're watching you actually educate them. So if at the end of the call, you're like, look, you know, for you guys that have come, if you're not on the team, you know, you can book in a free roadmap call, and I'll take a look at what you're doing, break it down, and how you can execute it on a little bit better, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Yeah. Any questions on that?
michael: No, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Have you done much with the project, Chachapity thing that we spoke about, the presentation builder that we spoke about?
michael: Not too much with that, just yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think that would be a really good asset for you, just because I know you want to come from that educational aspect. That's going to help you. Not only is it a great lead magnet, but it's going to help you really do that in bulk for your clients.
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And if you only do one a week, they build up surprisingly quickly.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'll probably get my check-ins done at a certain time of day. Do you mean for this, or do you mean for actual check-ins?
michael: Oh, no, for like actual check-ins.
Kyle Musca: We've done some time of day, just cut off after. right. Yeah. So again, like even with check-ins, that's where our time slot, you know, if you need to do two, three hours. So when I was doing check-ins, for example, it was like, that's the first thing I'd do for the day is two to three hours. I'd make sure I get it done. Cause like, if you wait till the end of the  day, it's just like, oh, really cannot be  when it's run out. Um, so it's like, you know, just get out of the way and then you can go focus on everything else.
michael: Right. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, like I could see you, like, you know, what would make sense is like, I could see you doing those check-ins and then straight after that, you'd have maybe a content block where it's just fully social proof.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, um, yeah. Cause you'd be able to pull your wins from the clients you've just checked in from.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Um, I'll get back here. Um, I'll
michael: I haven't deleted that either.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Instagram handle. Honestly, I know I said to remove this. If they're Australian, I would absolutely reach out by phone. The Instagram handle can be useful if they're like US or something like that, but it just depends if you get many US followers.
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Because otherwise, you can't really contact them besides email or WhatsApp, but you're kind of relying on that.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Yeah. And then, again, I think we spoke about this last week. But one thing. The I'd really, really encourage you to do is try and get like more of a wow factor with these reaction videos.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You want them to do the heavy lifting. One thing I've been doing as well, like I know we spoke about changing your real profile. I found that that didn't help massively, but what did really  help with these is I'm pretty sure you should be able to do it on here as well. But like, let's say you see a video you like, you can't do that. Okay. So if you're on Instagram, on your phone, on Reels, there'll be like the three little dot thing. You click that and it'll give you the option to say interested or not interested. Oh, yeah. Yeah. If you press interested on it, it will like start feeding you a  ton of like those kind of Reels.
michael: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: You know I mean?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's rough.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah. And cause I was kind of struggling with that as well as like the reels that showing me just weren't, you know, the reels I wanted to see, you know, I can react to them, but they're not, they don't have that sort of wow factor. And then one other thing as well is I'm kind of guilty of this recently too, but, um, with the wow factor reels, especially, man, one thing I'd really, really encourage you to do is, um, keep them like to, to responsive, like two videos of yourself maximum in the actual reaction.
michael: Oh, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense? Cause if you look back at, um, some of these ones where they went like super  hard, I think I talked to spoke a little bit more on that one, but I think this one, I'm still getting a  ton of engagement off, uh, and. Like, I think I did two videos. I'm pretty sure I only did two clips of this as well, or, like, very close, but I kept it, like, intentionally tried to keep it as short as possible.
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, you know, again, it's kind of like you want to speak, you want to get your voice out there, you want to, like, you know, you feel like you need to say more, but oftentimes saying less does better, if that makes sense.
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then are you, are color grading your videos?
michael: Like, not, not specifically.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would do is see how you get. See how it just, it just looks like it was just filmed off a normal sort of phone, which it was, obviously. And then you'll see some people when you're, like, how do they get their videos? It's like so crisp and sharp without using a camera. Like, obviously, if you use a camera, it's going to be better quality. It just comes down to color grading. So what I would do, I believe we've spoken about this before, but I, like, literally just turn up the clarity by, like, 10 to 12 and then turn down the highlights by, like, 10 to 12. And that just, like, sharpens it right up for mine.
michael: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Just makes it look, you know, easier on the eyes. Yeah. A little bit higher quality.
michael: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, bro. Any questions on any of that stuff, man?
michael: Nah, nah, that all makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, one thing I would definitely do, bro, is start getting more carousal posts in there. again, that Josh guy is probably a real good one for you to kind of, oh, , for you to come play around with, have a look at his account, just because not a massive following or anything like that, but he does do well. Because, like, like, you can kind of see. Yeah. And again, I'm guilty of this because I can run everything through ads, but you can kind of see when you come to yours, you've got the physique and everything like that, and the post there, but when you come to here, it's like you can very instantly see it's like very coaching-specific stuff, you know what I mean?
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like a lot of transformations and stuff. And that's what I was kind of saying to you last week where it's like, don't think it's really necessary to have that secondary account. Like you might as well just use this as your like social wall, you know what I mean?
michael: Like if you're going to put social proof up, I would just chuck it here. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: He also does the, you know. And that's the other thing with carousels. Like you can see, that was another carousel. He does a lot of them actually, but you can see video-wise, nothing crazy on the videos at all. But then when he does these carousels, 220, 287, and you get this one, 630. I mean, even that 104, nothing crazy, but 225. Like, that's still pretty, like, better engagement than his actual reels, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, that's something I would definitely look at incorporating for you as well.
michael: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool, bro. Any questions on any of that stuff?
michael: Nah, man. Nah, it don't make sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Is there anything in the business that you're sort of struggling with at all that you want clarification on?
michael: Not yet. I feel like I'm not busy enough yet to where I'd have things like that that are issues. Yeah, nah, not really. really. like... I just... you. Everything's just kind of running smoothly as is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. Have you asked your clients, you're still asking clients for referrals and stuff?
michael: Yeah, yeah. So every second week, so this week coming, will be the next one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. What are they typically saying when you're asking them?
michael: Like, it'll, for the most part, be something around, along the lines of like, or, yeah, like, I actually think, or like, I have a few friends that might be, or something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, that's a good answer. All you need from that point, man, is for them to go conversate with that person.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: To see if there's any little bit of interest whatsoever. And then all you need from that person is to send them their contact details so you can reach out.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, if someone says that, I'd be like, oh, fantastic. Fantastic. Man, look, add some urgency here. I'm opening up like maybe two spots or three spots next week, whatever you say, or I'm looking to take on two more people next week. Do you reckon you'd be able to potentially suss if they're keen before the end of the week and I'll reach out to them?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? And then set a , like set a reminder the next day. Be like, hey, bro, did you get a chance to speak to your mate?
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because it's like if you just sort of ask and they're like, oh, yeah, have potentially friends that are keen and then nothing, you don't remind them or anything, it's just not going to happen. They're not going to, when they see their friend, they're not going to be thinking like, oh, yeah, I need to have that conversation for Michael. But if you kind of like, like, again, you don't want to be like pushy or annoying or anything like that. We kind of want to just like nudge them a little bit. Like, hey, man, you have a, did you have, yeah, again, did you get a chance to chat to your mate?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no, I'm seeing him this afternoon. I will. And then the next day, like, hey bro, how'd you go chatting to your mate?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean?
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So like, that's probably really, like, that's probably potentially that one little missing factor you're having there. Because if they've said, I've got friends that are potentially keen, man, you're  hot. It's just, you need to like, keep pushing them to make sure that they actually do that, what they, like, they have that conversation with them.
michael: Yeah, yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, bro. All right, man, let me know how you go with that. I would love to see more social proof on your feeds this week coming, though, whether that's both, because you should be doing it either way, through the carousels and through the reaction style, which you already did this week once, which was fantastic. But try and get, like, halfway through a little bit more and more of them, essentially.
michael: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then also try that really simple one-story CTA, where it's just the only post you do for 24 hours.
michael: go. Yeah, I'll try that on Monday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Cool, bro. All right. All right, we'll wrap things up there. If you do have any questions at all, man, again, feel free to sing out.
michael: Yeah, easy. No stress.
Kyle Musca: Cheers, man. Enjoy your weekend. I'll chat to you soon. Yeah, you too. See ya. Yeah, bye.


>>> 87/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-06T07:58:21Z | id:120288124
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: You're not going to need that. This meeting is being recorded. Usually that would come out to be, you know, $2,500 for the entire three months. But with that voucher applied, that would bring it right down as $2,000. And what I'm also going to do is I'm going to throw in that extra, an extra two in-person sessions or whatever. Yeah. So that's how it's structured. And then all of a sudden you've got a really good offer.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, will all this be on the recording or the notes?
Kyle Musca: So I just realized it wasn't actually recording and the .
josiah narkowicz: I've been jotting down most of it. And you've sent the magic hat script, but at least I've got, with the voucher applied, applied, and obviously you're throwing in the bonus extra two sessions as well. So just value stacking.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Which is something I didn't have at all. So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. With the clients you're going to call, yeah. I would also time block that specifically every single week because it's like the phone setting for people in your gym is going to be like a bit of a goldmine if you use it correctly. It just needs to be done right. Now, with the phone setting as well, man, when you call them, make sure you call twice, right? So it's like if they don't answer the first time, call again.
josiah narkowicz: Mate, there's one thing about me. If I've got leads, if I have  leads, like if I've got a list of names, that's all I  need. Like the rest of it is dialed in. It's literally just getting the  in the first place. That's the only thing that I struggle with. So that's why I like the gym so much because I just get a list of names and I can just call. I love calling. Like you should talk to me for five minutes. You're absolutely . You're gone. So I just need those names in the first place. Which  with me because Instagram is just like, it's, it's, yeah. I've been so brainwashed into like ads and like, hey, you're ROAS and you put X amount of money in and then you get X amount of leads or whatever it is. So the organic strategy does, it's challenging for me. And maybe that's why I haven't seen a direct result, but yeah. I digress on that a little bit, but yeah. And can see that when I was posting consistently, we saw an influx of inbound leads on my type.
Kyle Musca: So that's what I was going to say. Like, yeah, we've seen a direct response when I'm consistent. And yeah. Yeah. So like, I don't think like, I'd be prepped to turn ads on for you. But again, it's just like in my experience, Ben, like, you know, people that say you don't need to post content, you can just run ads. Is it toud just  selling a pipe dream.
josiah narkowicz: Will Nelson.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I see him all the time, man.
josiah narkowicz: , I see his ads all the  time. And sometimes it gets you on a bad day and it's like, , like maybe he's right, .
Kyle Musca: But he's selling the pipe dream, man. I've known, like there's one client I do, which I just do ads for him. And he was with Will before. He spent 20 grand on his three-month course and the help was . He got no clients from it. And he was in a group with like a bunch of other guys as well. And they all experienced the same thing. Like it was just all  trash. Because again, he's just selling a pipe dream. And he wasn't posting content when we started running ads. And like they just weren't  pulling through for him. And I was like, dude, you need to go like start posting organic content and everything. Ever since then, man, he's easily signing up three clients a week. This week, he signed up five clients from him. So it's like.
josiah narkowicz: That's you need. One, two clients a week with good retention.
Kyle Musca: You're  laughing, you know?
josiah narkowicz: Just quickly as well on that, how about Sage, like, claiming, because he did a review on Brian Marks' page recently, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Did you end up saying that?
Kyle Musca: No, I didn't. I saw him do the story where he said he was the businessman.
josiah narkowicz: He did. He name-dropped you for sure. Like, that, I liked that. Yeah, but I thought you might have been annoyed at that. I was like, oh, he's probably going to get annoyed at that or something. Yeah, I don't know if you know, Sage went to Brian. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which I thought, you know.
josiah narkowicz: He already did, like, a review for Brian.
Kyle Musca: Oh, did he?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, he did, like, a testimonial for him saying, oh, I've only been here for a month and I got my first $100,000 a month, blah, blah, blah.
Kyle Musca: He did that with me.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, exactly. I was like, oh, I've... ... Thank you. If Kyle was watching this, he would cry, probably.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I was like, what the ? I didn't see that one specifically, but I was like, what the ? Yeah, because he had 101K for the last month we were working together. I was like, why the  would you ever change? It's silly, but he's also still, by the way, running my ads.
josiah narkowicz: True.
Kyle Musca: So we have access to it. But the cost per lead is creeping up massively.
josiah narkowicz: Oh, really?
Kyle Musca: He's not managing, or he doesn't know how to manage them properly.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, it is what it is. But yeah. So, yeah. I definitely, like, your organic content doesn't need to be crazy by any means, but it definitely needs to be there. Like, I launched, you know, that Aaron guy we were talking about, launched his ads sort of started this week, and he's sitting at a 10X ROAS. So, yeah. Like, he wouldn't get that if he didn't have the organic content where it needed to be.
josiah narkowicz: Oh, even 4 is good. Like, all it's... So even if you paid 300 bucks to acquire a new client, I'd say that that's decent.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I had one client this week and she, I don't know if you know her name's Counter-Smith, but I speak to Jesse, her brother, who runs the business. They're sitting on like a 25 ROAS. Like it's pretty ridiculous.
josiah narkowicz: Is that just because like their messaging is just so dialed in and then obviously like their content?
Kyle Musca: As well, he's nurturing off the back end. I mean, she doesn't even post, she just posts bikini photos and stuff like that. She's just selling the dream body, I guess. Like every single time I've had a client where I've started ads and they just have  organic content, the ads go . And then as soon as they start doing organic content, the ads improve. So like I could not stress that enough. Same, like there's certain processes to it. So same with setting. It's like, if we're going to run ads, I wouldn't run. And ads without a DM setter in place, because every time I've done that and the coach says that they're going to try and do it themselves, it just never gets done properly.
josiah narkowicz: And it's like, we're wasting money on  ads here. That's why I don't even  bother hardly with DMs. Like when I'm going to, if I'm posting every  day and it's consistent and I can see leads coming in and like reels are popping off, then hell yeah, I'm going to be, you know, doing the DM setting. But if I'm not posting consistently and I haven't even posted a story in days, it's like, why am I trying to annoy people with that? But my plan for that is two reels a day. So one more of a strategic reel with a hook, social proof, actionable advice and a CTA. And then a second one that's more of like a hot take reel. So just a random reel with my, you know, controversial opinion on something or whatever it is. And then with the stories, I've got a little bit of a structure behind that as well. So wake-up video, talking head, client work, showing some meals and what I'm doing with that, and then obviously client wins and social proof with a CTA. So I think I need a bit of a structure with those stories as well. I think I sent a few of them. I sent a few of the CTA ones to you. I don't know if you liked those.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the CTA is, yeah, so you just want a hard and soft CTAs across the week. So with the hard CTA, like if you do that on Sunday, Monday, I would always do it at start of the week. Sometimes, so you can do the three-step or four-step stories or two-steps. What I personally like throwing in there sometimes is if you post, if you don't post anything on your story for 24 hours, you just leave it blank. And then you post one story and you don't post anything after that, Instagram should push that a lot harder on your feed. Sorry. In In In And stories. So you should see a lot more engagement on it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I did do that, actually. I took your advice in post on my story, and then I just did a, who you got, Woolworths or Coles, right? Got like 40 responses and 300 story views.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so it's like...
josiah narkowicz: No  wonder. So I think either one of those polls, or what else seems to do well is just a thirst trap, a topless. Topless gym selfie combined with a poll. I reckon, and obviously that night, you back it up with social proof and a CTA. Is that the general consensus there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would, if you're going to do it on its own, then obviously just do it on its own. If you're going to do a CTA, I would try and get a few stories beforehand where people are going to engage more, if that makes sense. The other thing I would also try and recommend implementing for you is getting more stuff on your, like posting more carousels, essentially. So like this guy does really well organically. don't know if you've seen this guy.
josiah narkowicz: No, I've never seen him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't really, he doesn't really pop up in my feed much either. But I think his audience is like more Asian, man. But like posting carousels, one, it can be a good form of content in terms of engagement, everything like that. But it's a great way to, it essentially acts like a story, but more like it shows more people because it's not just going to your closest followers and story views are  anyway. It goes to more of your followers and it will push it out into the, you know, world, the algorithm a little bit more. But it also stays. when people like, when you come into this guy's page, for example, you can very immediately see like it's very coaching dominant. You know what I mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Now, social proof ones in there. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now you can post those social.
josiah narkowicz: Insane transformations.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, like you can post them social proof like this. I would probably, if it was me going to do it, I would do the carousels and the social proof more as a, like, I would try and slide them in there midway.
josiah narkowicz: So let me show you. Yeah. I don't know about here. I know there's a big thing on the AI ones recently.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'm not a, do you like the AI ones? I'm not, I mean, like, no, I'm not a huge fan of the ones. Like, you can do them, but I'm, like, they, they work and stuff.
josiah narkowicz: was doing them recently.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: AI video of him, which is pretty wild to see.
Kyle Musca: The video one was  a bit average. Oh, yeah, totally.
josiah narkowicz: But then I'm like, it's still got  50 likes, 10 comments, and a few shares. like, geez.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, we'll come back to that in second. It was more funny than that. So, like, I would do carousels where it's kind of like this, and you tell a bit of a story. I mean, however you do them. So, again, come to Matt's page, for example, if you're looking for inspiration. But it's telling you, like, a little bit of a story. But then you, like, throw in social proof, you know, midway through. You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, got it. I'm pretty good with the carousels. Like, when I have done them in the past, they've done really well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I'd get back on top of them. Like, they're good. Instagram really favors reels and carousels because it's the thing that's going to keep people on the platform and engaged more than anything.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, you could do If I was going to do them, I'm kind of like lazy with them. I'm going to  lie. But if I was going to do it, I'll do them more like that. Otherwise, you can obviously do them, you know, more like where it's an actual client thing, right?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the other thing I would also do here, and I believe we have spoken about it before, is doing a video. Now, you could do it off a reaction video. That's absolutely fine. Or doing something like one of these videos where I talk about a topic and then I use a client as like how that, how I applied that to them, essentially. And then what I would also really get into the habit of doing, especially if we're going to eventually like look at running ads, I haven't properly tested this in the long run. But like, I've been creating ad versions of these style of reels. So like, I won't post the ad version, but when I film it, I'll do like, you know, if you need a hand cutting, there's like an extra 10, 20 plus kilos of fat, then, you know, deem the word shred, for example. All right. And then I've actually been running that. And there's ads because I don't, like the best type of ad doesn't look like an ad.
josiah narkowicz: It just looks like a reel that comes up. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I've been getting like, like that's performing at probably one of my all-time cost per leads for an actual direct coaching thing. Hasn't, hasn't, I haven't been able to like properly test it long run yet. only did that like probably start this week, but it's been going  hard for me. So that's something I'd really get into the habit of doing as well. I wouldn't post the ad version, but I would, you know, film it and save it. So you've got a bit of a backlog when you want to dive into that world.
josiah narkowicz: It's just different because, you know, like it's not the standard. Are you a  busy professional, blah, blah, blah, you know, who's suffering with this and that and want to gain blah, blah, blah. Go sign up to my page or wherever the  it is. DM me guide and I'll send it through. It's like a bit more of a, you know. You just watch it like an actual reel and it's more of a pattern interrupt, whereas people are, what's it called when they're psychologically conditioned already by a certain level of like type of marketing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the human brain is exposed to over 2000 pieces of marketing per day. So we've actually evolved to see, like, if we see something that looks like marketing, our brain is actually evolved to switch off because it can't consume that much information.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sales fatigue or something like that. Yeah. The good thing about these is, one, the reel itself is a new angle, right? So with the new updates of, you know, Meta's ads algorithm, it really favors different angles to test different audiences. So the reel itself sets the angle for you. You don't have to actually come up with that. So for example, this guy lost weight and then he had a massive glow up and, you know, it's obviously about not my types of women as well. in right now. Opa! Whereas, you know, I did this, this one as well, I also ran as an ad. And it's more so about every man should get shredded to see how much they should challenge themselves or something. I can't really remember, for example, right? So that's the cool thing. One of the cool things is it creates a new angle for you. The second cool thing, and this kind of goes into what we were speaking about last week with the Booty by Jax thing, is like you're sneakily associating yourself with crazy transformations all the  time. So people will start thinking of you as the guy that just is known for like crazy transformations, even though they're not your transformations, right? So it's like, if you're talking about  big bootied women all the  time, like Booty by Jax does, and you're running that as an ad, the people that like, obviously, colder audiences are just going to start to associate you with that guy that  trains women on how to get big glutes. You know what mean? So like, again, it's still early days for that. But that's something I'm probably going to go hard on because it's like, then you can double up your  content. You know what I mean? I don't have to go. But in my way to make specific ad content when I can just film organic content and make it an ad.
josiah narkowicz: That might be a bit of a money glitch for you. I'm keen to see how it kind of goes once you get like some proper data on it. Yeah, because there's been a few ads like that that have been good recently that I haven't even, I weren't even aware that they were an ad. And then I had to look down and then I saw sponsored or ad or something like that. So it was such a good ad that I didn't even realize. And it made me stay on it, click on their profile and, you know, have a look at what was going on because it was more of just a content-based reel, not like a sale, mini sales letter or video sales letter or whatever the . But then you might retarget them off the back end of that, obviously, with something a bit more dialed in.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that was the thing I was going to say before, actually, is what I would also do. If you still have access to it, is go get access to all the customer data from your old gym and this gym. Because when we run an ad, we can just chuck that into a CSV file and just target those specific people.
josiah narkowicz: So from the other gym?
Kyle Musca: From both gyms. If you technically, if you have 5,000 of them, which there's more than 5,000, isn't there?
josiah narkowicz: There's, in the SNAPS database email, there's more than 10,000. And I low-key have access to the World Gym's whole list.
Kyle Musca: Oh, wow.
josiah narkowicz: Okay. And I've got access to Anytime's list as well.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do, man, is just like, obviously, if you still got access to them, they're probably forgotten. But just to be safe, I would download those CSV files as soon as possible so you can keep that data because that is  a goldmine for you. What we can do there is, one, we can either set to target those people specifically because it's... Such a, I mean, it sounds like it's a pretty big list overall, to be fair. But because it's not like we're saying, go find us random people. It's like, here's the exact people we want to target. So that can be a really cost-effective way to market because it's like, we just want to show this video to these exact people. The other thing we can do there is we can do a lookalike audience. So basically, like, looks at all the interests and the behaviors of those type of people. And then we're basically saying, go find me more people like this, right? These are, you know, working-aged people, typically. Usually have a job if they're going to the gym and everything like that. And, you know, they're usually, well, they're into fitness.
josiah narkowicz: Obviously, they wouldn't have joined a gym, right?
Kyle Musca: Or into weight loss or whatever the  they're trying to do.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we can basically say, hey, here's this massive list. We want you to go find people that have a very similar interest and behaviors within the ages of 25 to 40 or, like, if we're going to do Older people, maybe, you know, 40 to 55, whatever the  we age group we want. Go hand, brother. And it will go find it for us.
josiah narkowicz: From that CSV file?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it will go analyze those accounts and it'll go because everything you will do online collects data and information about you, right? So it's like it will go analyze all those accounts and their interests and their behaviors and stuff. And then we'll go find other accounts with really similar, depending on how close of a proximity. So you can do it within a 1% interest, like that group. Obviously, that's pretty hyper-targeted. You can do it to 10%, which is obviously a lot broader.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay. My mate who's starting a new gym, he just bought a building for like 20 mil in Palm Beach and he's building a four-story high  sick gym called Earth Something or something. But it's got like a boho style outdoor gym overlooking. The Water in Palmy, it's going to be  sick. He was like, I'll give you five grand for Snap's email list. I was like, .
Kyle Musca: All right, let's do it.
josiah narkowicz: But surely you can get  up for that though. Like they can come at you. Yeah. So I'm a bit sketchy on that sort of  too, you know, like, because they can see, oh, Josiah narkowicz downloaded the CSV file.
Kyle Musca: Oh, if they can see it. Can they see it?
josiah narkowicz: I think if they, if they really look, then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, yeah, you can probably technically get in.
josiah narkowicz: actually got it somewhere, bro. I've actually already got it downloaded.
Kyle Musca: You would have signed a, well, actually, to be fair, you would have signed a contract with the gym, I assume. And that contract would definitely have policies in it saying you can't like engage clients and stuff after you've left. But yeah, we definitely have, you can't share client information.
josiah narkowicz: When I've literally just. I've 20 people straight over to Anytime Fitness already and no one batted an eye.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I mean, that's... I doubt they'll really sort of pick up on that unless there was a  proper investigation into it, but I would still be careful around it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I've got  that can help me anyway. They'd pay for the lawyers, whatever the , you know, that'd be fine with it. So I'd be sweet regardless, but it is a little bit sus, you know, like if... They found out, this 's giving our information away. But I'm hearing you, I'm hearing you. That's a good lookalike audience to be able to do that with, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but yeah, so again, the main plan, man, is just we want to get really consistent with ads again, with organic. And again, while you're filming new stuff, I would really get in the habit of just backpiling it as an ad and then just do it. So what I do is I edit the whole thing and then I download. And then I just, once I've downloaded the video, I cut off the ad  and then I post that version. And then once we've got the consistency with the content again, because again, your content does well, man. We should get organic. If we're not getting organic leads coming in organically, that's a good telltale sign that we're not where we need to be with content to run ads, if that makes sense. Like for me, like me, obviously I've got a pretty decent audience and stuff, but I, in terms of like, the actual structure and like how specific you should be with everything, I'm pretty  lazy with it. I'm not going to lie, organically, ads can cover a lot. But because, you know, my content sort of just resonates really well with people, as yours does, when you're consistent with it, all I need to do is just throw up one CTA on my story, or I need to just put it at end of my captions, man. I'm getting , you know, dozens of organic inquiries every single week.
josiah narkowicz: yeah, it's just that, that's it. You know, and the bottleneck for me is literally just consistency and getting my mental right so I can just execute on the plan and have the motivation.
Kyle Musca: And the way I would look at it, man, is like if we can get the organic leads to sign to clients like consistently each week and we can get the organic, you know, the payments coming from organic where there's no overheads or anything to cover front-end ad spend, it's like technically anything we get off ads is profit.
josiah narkowicz: Facts.
Kyle Musca: So it's like that's kind of the how I would kind of look at it. I need to get organic leads so I can pay for ads and then anything off ads is profit.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. I also liked the kind of, have you heard of cost per, like what is it, profit per reel? So you can actually quantify how many reels you post to how much revenue you get on average.
Kyle Musca: So...
josiah narkowicz: So... So... you. Like say you do 30 posts in a month and you made X amount organically, you can break it down to, all right, I made $400 per reel. So I think quantifying and objectifying that a little bit more for me would be better because now at the moment, I'm just like, oh, I'm just posting for no reason. And like, I'm not seeing a direct result come from that. So yeah, I just need to hack my brain into it a little bit more, I think. But yeah, we won't have an issue now. The schedule's a bit more dialed in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then on that, like, again, if you're just like that kind of like logistically thinking, you could do it that way. There are a lot of things in marketing that you won't get a direct numerical return from, but will be overall beneficial in terms of conversions. So it's like, there's some things that you just won't quantify, like be able to quantify from a numerical figure. And then if you're thinking too logically about it. Like, , it's not worth it. But then it's like you look at the actual back end of that and what comes from it. It's like it's nine-day  worth it. And that is, in essence, content. You know what mean? Like, you don't get a direct return from content, but you do – you can't build your business without it. You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: You stopped dancing around today.
Kyle Musca: I think it's probably also just a mental thing of, like, you thinking that you don't like making content, so therefore you don't want to make content, therefore you don't make content. Where it's like if you can kind of shift that way of thinking. Because I'm the same – and this is a big thing with consistency. If I don't film content for, like, you know, for example, over December, I have the same thing of, like, , I really don't want to film content again. You know, and you kind of keep pushing it off. Same with sales calls. But then it's like you get on them and you're like, oh, you know, I actually kind of enjoy doing this or this isn't that bad. It's just the thought of doing it and then that builds up and then you don't do it.
josiah narkowicz: you're right. It's just hard to get the stone rolling, but once it's  rolling, it's a lot easier to get the momentum.
Kyle Musca: And the other thing as well to make it easier is I would just get highly caffeinated beforehand.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I think for me, not try and do content after I've  done seven back-to-back face-to-face sessions. I think that's really just the key for me. Yeah, so I really looked at the schedule this week, pockets of time where I can actually get onto it. So, look, I don't think there's going to be an issue with the consistency from here, bro. Like I'm saying pretty dialed in on that this week. And yeah, I've got a big content day planned tomorrow as well. So, I'm going to do Saturday, half day, Tuesday, half day, Wednesday, half day of just purely filming, editing. So getting at least 15 decent reels happening, like 5 to 10 talking head, 5 to 10 reaction videos, and a few more CTA style ones, some carousels as well might be good to throw in. So, yeah, I feel like that's definitely achievable based on that. Whereas before I was just chasing my tail, trying to get it done in the afternoon when I didn't have that creative energy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would highly advise doing content in the afternoon, man. Like, I've done content for a long  time. I wouldn't even do content in the afternoon.
josiah narkowicz: There's just no chance. I'm done by then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's why I just do like admin tasks,  that I'm not going to be happy about doing, but I just know I need to do before I wrap things up. And then, yeah, that seems to work fine for me.
josiah narkowicz: Put the fires out, just boring mundane tasks you can just execute on with not too much. Creative style thinking.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. And just that... You know what mean? Like,  talk some , try and have a laugh with it, whatever you do. Like, obviously, you're to have your own way of doing it. But, you know, the way I think of it, based off, like, what I've done content and  in the past, is, like, if you feel like content is, like, a burden and you're just not enjoying doing it, you're probably just not doing the right type of content. Like, you should have fun with it. And at the same time, I'd also think of it as, like, you know, I'm grateful that I can, you know, I'm not  on the tools working some construction job that are . And, hey, and I get to, you know, film and talk  on camera and claim that as part of my job. You know what I mean?
josiah narkowicz: Facts. That's facts. I'm not grateful enough. I'm taking my life for granted right now. And I've got a great  life. Like, I can play golf whenever the  I want. And really only work two days, maybe three, with direct clients. The rest is all just social media and just  about. So, you know, I need to... to... I Remember those years that I was digging crowbars and digging  holes and just doing construction. And, yeah, I just simply need to get it done. Be more grateful about the opportunity. So, yeah, content is going to be the main driving force of that. It just simply needs to get done. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Cool, man. Is there anything else you want to touch base on at all?
josiah narkowicz: We're good, bro. We're solid. I've got a plan and next two weeks I get a nice little 10K cash PIF. So I think that's definitely going to carry my February nicely. So we're on track already for 20K plus for Feb, which is nice. And I think we're going to really trampoline off that into March. And plus with the new one-day sale at any time, I'm... Plugged in, I'm getting access to the list, the lists next week. Like I think now's a good little trampoline to jump off to really get into it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I think so short-term plan, man, I would go  hard on those leads. I would be calling it. Again, do the double dial. That's really, really important. Some people have their phone on do not disturb and won't ring through or they'll think it's like a spam caller. So if you call twice, people will think it's more of an emergency or something to pick up. It gets me all the  time. And then, yeah, if we can, one thing I'd also like you to do is like really try and, as we've spoken about before, identify who you want to be speaking to in your content and do more of that. Oh, really quick actually, because I've figured out this week as well, is when you do, I can't do it on the computer, but when you're on your phone, we've spoken about doing like adjusting your algorithm.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. you don't. Getting fed, yeah. Yeah, so that will help to a degree, but I found when I did it, didn't really change things massively. What I found did work really  well is like, because you want that wow factor with the reels that you're seeing, right? It's like when you see a reel that works, for example, like you want to see more of, you click these three little dots. You can't do it on the computer, but on your phone, click the three little dots, and then you'll see that there's an interested or not interested. And then click interested or not interested if you don't want to see it.
josiah narkowicz: And I found it just starts  spamming you with those types of reels after. Perfect, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That helped heaps. And then, yeah, the other, yeah, so because once you do that, man, it's like that will lay the foundation to basically launch our ads off, right? And realistically, again, we've spoken about it multiple times, but the only thing that's stopping us from taking that next step is just making sure we have the consistency organically, and then we're ready to go.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, you're slowly getting through to me. Right. Like not being so attached to just, oh yeah, I want to run ads and this and that. But my first three mentors, they've definitely did have that. They were like, nah, , you don't even need to post. just need to make ads, blah, blah, blah. So I was like heavily ingrained into it from a young marketing age, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I'm all about ads, man. I , I met, you know, said multiple times this call, I'm lazy with organic content. Yeah. But they are just crucial. Like you just, you just need them.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. But once you've got organic dialed in, cause they perform better.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, absolutely.
josiah narkowicz: All right, mate. What's time for your weekend?
Kyle Musca: Oh, I'm going to fly to Dubai tomorrow night, actually, to sort some banking  up and then.
josiah narkowicz: God damn.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I don't want to do that too.
josiah narkowicz: It's more of like a housekeeping one, isn't it? It's not really a.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, the, in the. They make it such a  pain in the  to access your banks or anything like that if you're not there. You have to go back every three months or so just to prove to the ATO that you're not.
josiah narkowicz: Because one little thing will flag it, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, every six months you have to enter Dubai, but I think I'll spend long-term in Thailand, to be honest. way better.
josiah narkowicz: You were there recently. Hey, it looks so sick.
Kyle Musca: I'm still here.
josiah narkowicz: You're saying, is that Karabi, like, south or are you in Phuket?
Kyle Musca: So I in, I flew into Bangkok and I spent a week there and then I went to Chiang Mai for two weeks, which is pretty sick. Like, super cheap. Everything's super cheap there. I'm in Phuket at the moment, but I'm, like, more north. So when I come back, because I'm only going to Dubai for a week, I'll come back and I want to stay, like, settle in a bit longer down south of Phuket where the really nice beaches and everything are. So many  Russians and  right at the moment.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, the Russian mafia are settled in there nicely, mate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Being communist.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which is like, it's just their own little community. When I went to  Bali, it's like kind of similar because they're escaping the war, which is fair. Yeah. But yeah, so it's like, I think down there is a little bit more, I guess, Western people.
josiah narkowicz: Absolutely. Yeah. No, the South of Thailand's lovely, you know, Karabi, Ralei Bay, definitely check that out if you get a chance.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, we want to check stuff.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, best beaches in Thailand, I reckon. Oh, really? Ralei Bay or Karabi.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've heard of Karabi. Sick. Yeah, I went to Rewire, which is the South where I want to go on the weekend. I was like, , those beaches are sick. Like, they're probably arguably better than Gold Coast from what I saw. It was just like, yeah, insane. So I was like, and there's like a whole fitness street down there. Tiger Muay Thai is down there. I don't know if you know Tiger Muay Thai, but that's like the best Muay Thai gym in the world. And there's a whole street where it's just like elite Muay Thai and elite gyms and  all along.
josiah narkowicz: I've heard there's good golf there too, mate.
Kyle Musca: We'll have to get you over here.
josiah narkowicz: Oh, absolutely. Well, mate, enjoy. I've got a date to get to, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, enjoy the date, man. And yeah, let me know if you get sort of caught up on any of that stuff.
josiah narkowicz: Will do, bro. Thank you. Cheers, man. Enjoy your weekend. Light up. Bye.


>>> 88/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-11T04:39:25Z | id:121435014
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
jese Smith-shields: Um, let me look. She did do that chat form, didn't she?
Kyle Musca: Uh, yeah, I'm just checking now. 30 calls booked. Oh, sorry, 32 calls booked. 30 taken with 20% close rate, is that right?
jese Smith-shields: Um, uh, what has she done? Yeah. No, that's not right. That can't be right.
Kyle Musca: Total sales made. Yeah, I don't, things are looking kind of cooked. Um, You're doing. That's not right. You're doing. You She also reckons total ad bookings is 12, so I'm not sure how she's filled out both, done that wrong.
jese Smith-shields: I thought I explained, because what we were seeing and what I figured out while having the missed data was that I was having the Shields Fit page organic getting booked into ads. That's where that data was getting inaccurate.
Kyle Musca: Right.
jese Smith-shields: But I thought I explained to her how to enter that data properly.
Kyle Musca: Are you? You're using GoHallable, yeah. Have you separated the calendars?
jese Smith-shields: Yes, I have since that, and that's what I've done now. we can, Kamei started the week off booking it into the wrong calendar, which didn't help, but I've fixed that. And I've adjusted that for the following bookings, and I've split the calendars. back. All that, but she was confident enough that she did say that she understood what was needed from that.
Kyle Musca: Okay. How is your VA going with everything else?
jese Smith-shields: Is she, like, competent? Yeah. Yeah, no, she's awesome with everything else.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay, cool.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it just seems like it's this one thing that's not hitting the point.
Kyle Musca: We'll just, all right, we'll fill it out together quickly.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So how many calls came in from ads? Based off your cost per lead in meta, we're hoping it's a lot.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How are you finding the setters as well?
jese Smith-shields: Kamei is... It is okay. I'm a little bit over at the moment.
Kyle Musca: I am working with this guy, and he's basically a recruiter. So I've found we can go find experienced setters, essentially. So if you want to look at switching things up, that way you just, like, you'd be able to, like, I'll send you through a list of candidates. You can, like, review their Loom videos if you want to jump on an interview, you can, and that means you just work directly with them.
jese Smith-shields: I've got an agency that I've been working with, too, and who I've hired off a few times now, and he's kind of put together a team for me as well. What I was trying to create out for that is how I can try and get them across both different pages, because currently I've got one in, I've got Kamei in Kiana's account. And that's obviously where a lot of our leads come from. But within shields as well, our leads are starting to skyrocket as well. So I've got someone that I know personally in shields and just giving her a little bit of cash to try and deal with in the conversations. But I was wanting to try and get a team across two different pages to manage the leads correctly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's the good thing about these guys is, yeah, so that's the good thing about these guys is, so the way I've done it is like, because I've got a good relationship with him, is it would be 10 USD flat just normally. But I guess it would be the same count. You can either share it with someone else, so it becomes 60 USD flat, no comms, which is obviously pretty crazy. Or for you, like you could just have them in there to do both your accounts essentially. So it'd be the same person, just doing both counts.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Well, I've pretty much got the DM setters ready to go. And it's on a similar price range. I think I'm, I think it's maybe even $9 US.
Kyle Musca: Are they comfortable?
jese Smith-shields: No.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Well, that's solid. As long as they're good.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. So I've pretty much got that all set up. I'm just trying to build out the SMPs, the SOPs for it and how to try and manage it across both channels.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The way I would do it is exactly like this, when it loads, is we can just have two tabs open. This would be, you know, Kiana's account, for example. This would be Shieldsfit account. And she would just be able to go back and forth between the two tabs.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's probably the easiest way, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Is there a way to funnel or filter out, like, say, completed ManyChat flow? you. In that chart?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So you just tag and then you get qualified.
jese Smith-shields: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then the other thing I like with this is, and I've only added it recently, but like, let's say for Gareth here, right? Is this kind of booked in a call? Anyway, what you can do here in ManyChat as well is like, you can add tags. So what I'm going to start getting to do is like, just to suss, you know, conversations that have actually gotten into the conversation is like when they prompt a call, I'm just going to get the setters to quickly tag them with call prompted.
jese Smith-shields: When they book a call, call booked. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you can kind of come back, like obviously it'll build up in time, but then you can kind of come back. If you do get a new setter in, for example, you can say like, hey, go call tag, like filter the tags by calls booked. And I want you to read through all these conversations to get a good understanding and like tone.
jese Smith-shields: Okay, yeah. No, I see what you're doing.
Kyle Musca: That's probably the easiest way I would do it, is just set up two accounts.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. So, yeah. How many falls booked?
jese Smith-shields: I'm not entirely sure on that information, if I'm really honest with you.
Kyle Musca: That's a really good thing to have.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, was the, I assume this is very off, um, in terms of cash collecting and stuff. I don't know what numbers she's been looking at, but.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Um. Wednesday.
Kyle Musca: Let's power, I do want to do this, because I've been looking at your account, um, it's looking really, really healthy.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because I do want to get a good understanding of where this is at.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. you have your... That'd seem like they're firing really well at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you have... have... Go high-level up in front of you?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. right, then. Share the service here.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Let me share. I'll stop sharing. And then I'll test the leads as well on your account, Kiana's account. Taps, thought, shouldn't use tags.
jese Smith-shields: Is that showing across?
Kyle Musca: Uh, just two seconds. Uh, no.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, there you go. Perfect. So the fourth was last Wednesday when we had our call and all the red is currently ads that we got booked into there.
Kyle Musca: Just to make it cleaner, might see in the top right, you can just see a view by type and then just click appointments. Oh, no, no, top right. Yep. Down.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, I didn't even know you could do that to be nice. So Wednesday onwards is all from ads.
Kyle Musca: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15.
jese Smith-shields: And then that goes to, what, the eighth?
Kyle Musca: Uh, just click the arrow. Yeah. Uh, yeah. So just the red one?
jese Smith-shields: Nah, the change in the green, this was supposed to be organic, but she's still booked into, this is where she booked into the wrong calendar. So I've had to change her on that. And then the green from, I think it was.
Kyle Musca: 23, 24, 25, 26. Oh, wait, no, no. 25, 24, 23. So 23 calls booked.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, now leads in, let's have a gaze here, because it doesn't look right either. Last seven days. Yeah. Um, I don't know why, tag is qualified, subscribed, ah. That's where we would be going wrong. 60. Yep, so she's gotten leads right, which is good. She just  up on call booking. Good, healthy booking to lead ratio. Total calls showed up. said were... That's going to be wrong. How many calls... Do you know how many calls from the ad showed up?
jese Smith-shields: I can go through the data that I've got collected.
Kyle Musca: For now, I'm just going to say those two that didn't show up, just for conservative figure, let's just say they were from the ads.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So 91% show up rate, which is really great. And how many closes did you get?
jese Smith-shields: We've had... From ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just ads.
jese Smith-shields: One, one, two, three. One, 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 from ads this week. Actually, no, sorry, that's wrong. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 from ads.
Kyle Musca: So 33% there.
jese Smith-shields: Is Marcus taking most of them? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then he closed a fair bit off the organics then?
jese Smith-shields: No, I don't think we've had any organics go through.
Kyle Musca: Is that right? Because you said 60% his close rate. That's 33.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. Where have I gotten that number from then? Would that be based off his whole time?
Kyle Musca: No, because last week was 33% a week. All right. See Before that was 35, and then weeks before that were like 20%, so never hit 60.
jese Smith-shields: Do you have access to his call sheet? Yeah, I've got my call sheet in front of me.
Kyle Musca: Is this combined or is this just Marcus?
jese Smith-shields: No, this is combined with everyone.
Kyle Musca: Ah, okay. Does it filter who? Marcus, okay. Are you still getting Marina to take calls?
jese Smith-shields: No, she had one booked in, well, she had two booked in this week, but that was her last calls with her.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, so, and then cash collected, how much total was collected on those calls?
jese Smith-shields: Thanks, guys. Thanks, guys.
Kyle Musca: Are you putting everything through Stripe now?
jese Smith-shields: No, just Marcus.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, okay. Oh, that makes it lots of need.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You should be able to filter. I haven't done this before. You should be able to filter by new payments. I'll go on that as well. Go the fourth. That was wrong. Go the fourth to the 10th.
jese Smith-shields: New customers, six. Six. I haven't played around on this Stripe dashboard, if I'm honest.
Kyle Musca: Oh, wait, wait, wait. Go... Did he get a lot of paid in fulls?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, this was last week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a few paid in fulls. Oh, wait, wait, wait, Stay here, stay here. Scroll over. Ah, like, yeah, over, yeah. You think that would say how much they've actually paid? Why the  would it have refunds, but not how much they've paid? Ah, good customers, I don't think it's primary. Go, go customers. Oh, yeah, that is customers. Oh, wait, wait, total spend. Here we go. Yeah, cool. So what are we looking at here? Oh, that's top customers.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Go, more filters. Ah. No, no, go left, oh, let me get my arrow.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, no, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Let me go more filters here. Like there, sorry. Go, is there a date?
jese Smith-shields: No, nothing.
Kyle Musca: Okay, jump off that. Can you, um, create it. Click on this. Click on it again. There we go. Cool. So from, what is it, Feb 4th, which is here. So 637. So what's that? That's 250, 500, 750, 1250. Plus 600 would be 1,850. Yeah. it? uh, 855. Oh, So, Thank 150 plus 37. So 1,887. So 1,187. Okay. So he's not collecting much cash up front, which is not ideal, but what was the contracted value on that?
jese Smith-shields: These ones were a little bit longer ones. So he got this one on, also be really, really careful here.
Kyle Musca: He has not set up a, oh, on a billion weekly starts, Feb. So actually a few things while we're on Stripe as well, because you need to have certain settings set up. So otherwise it's going to absolutely  molest you. So one is, yeah, have we done that already?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I faced it already where we got a few clients in and we didn't have the right settings and then had to quickly find out. So all these ones are set up and And Angela jumps in my VA and she does it all based off the subscriptions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then just make sure with Angela as well, make sure that the first payment goes through because if the first payment fails, then it doesn't like continue on.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. Yeah. Is that the first subscription or is that the deposit?
Kyle Musca: No, like the first subscription. Like if that one fails, then it's like it won't continue billing every week. Um, and then what you can do as well is, so what can happen is if you send an invoice to a customer or they pay or whatever, doesn't mean that their card will automatically save you. It's a very good sign that it's saved here already, but if you're finding it, it's not pulling over payment methods, um, you can go into settings and make it. So like if they pay, then their card automatically gets saved. Um, now this is not legal advice because it will, it does say like in certain jurisdictions, you're not allowed to do that. Um, but like you do discuss with them, it's a weekly reoccurring. So you've already had that conversation with.
jese Smith-shields: And that they'll be paying in the future. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So what was the future? So if you go back to his closing sheet.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. So we got these ones on 16 weeks, 16 weeks, six months.
Kyle Musca: Let's go. So let me pull up a calculator. What are the 16 weeks one? Like price-wise?
jese Smith-shields: The price-wise on those ones is... It's 3,000.
Kyle Musca: So 6,000. How much for the six-month one?
jese Smith-shields: 3.5. 3,000.,000.,000.
Kyle Musca: you. 3,000, 3,500, yep. And then what was the other one after that?
jese Smith-shields: The 12-week one is 2,000.
Kyle Musca: Yep, and then after that?
jese Smith-shields: That were the three packages that got put through.
Kyle Musca: So that was two on the 16-week, one on the six-month one, one on the 12-week?
jese Smith-shields: Yep.
Kyle Musca: That's four. Is that two missing?
jese Smith-shields: So, so, six months. Oh, yeah, we got the Katie and...
Kyle Musca: So that's another 2,000?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then after that one?
jese Smith-shields: So that's Okay. So, So this one looks like it's been incorrect. Because he hasn't entered in any of the data following up.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Do you know all the clients that come through? Have you spoken to her?
jese Smith-shields: No, I haven't spoken to her. I think that's just a no-show.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So that would bring it down to five closes.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Let me chase that one up.
Kyle Musca: So, okay, let's go that.
jese Smith-shields: And then he had Chase on the 4th, so that day that we did speak.
Kyle Musca: Oh, is that a high-code?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, the six-month shields.
Kyle Musca: So another 3,500. Yeah. That's 17 total minus 1,187. So 15 15,800. 813, so $17,000 is your total revenue for 9x return on investment. So, I mean, that's not bad. His close rate is still low, but he should be above 40.
jese Smith-shields: Bare minimum.
Kyle Musca: And then the other thing I'm a little bit concerned about here as well, and it's not necessarily a problem unless it becomes a problem, is just the cash collected is very low. What that means is, like, people are going to have to start paying, you know, $137 a week, $150 a week, $166 a week, $255 a week, you know what I mean? Like, sorry, fortnightly. So, what you'll probably end up running to there is they just can't afford it, and you'll start getting a lot of people wanting to cancel off a lot of failed payments. So... Like I had a closer that was basically doing something like this where just to get closer over the line, he was doing like low, like low, at least Marcus isn't doing the lowest tier package, to be fair. But he was going for the lowest tier package possible just to get closer across the line and like lowest payment plan possible as well. And it's just like that  you hard. But so for him, I would go have a word with him and say like, look, man, I need you to start getting a higher cash collected on the call.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I can do that. Did you do the trainings with Tommy?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I did. I sat in on the last training that they had and it's a bit of a piss take if I'm really honest.
Kyle Musca: What were they saying?
jese Smith-shields: Oh, I just pretty much just sat in on one of Marcus's videos and just gave a few little tips and tricks on the sales call of it. But it was, yeah, it was a bit of a waste of time. If I'm really honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So honestly, with those, man, I would just start putting your foot down.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: At the end of the day, you're paying Tommy good money to train him properly. His close rate's 33%. That's not high enough. needs to be, again, bare minimum would be acceptable 40%. Because right now, again, you've got really good lead flow coming through. So it's just like if you can get someone in that position to actually  close, like you will like massively, massively increase your return and the cash collected is very low. So I'd go say like, look, you know, his close rate's not high enough and he's not collecting enough cash.
jese Smith-shields: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I can do it. Don't like closers, man, I'd be cutthroat with. I would not let closers have much leeway just because usually it's just the type of person that gets into closing and sales. They're very greedy. They're very money-driven, which can be a really good thing if, you know, the performance is there. But, you know, it can lead to performance not being there. And again, they still have that sort of greedy mentality. So it's like, just don't give them much leeway and make sure they very much know who's in control. And if they don't perform, like you'll find someone who will.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, don't.
Kyle Musca: I can do that. Okay, cool. And then just for simplicity as well, I would probably like create, like even if you just duplicate these tabs down below and just create one for you, one for Marcus, one for someone else. Like if you have another person in there, just so it's like, you know, you can clearly see like in the last week, this is how many people have closed and X, Y, Z.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. I'll do that as well. That's easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. Okay. So, yeah. And again, it's like a, here, I'll show my screen again. Um, and again, it's, it's a bit of a reoccurring issue. Like, Thank Numbers are looking really, really healthy, and then you just get a massive drop-off here.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, like, I mean, how many calls have we put? Oh, that's because it wasn't super accurate from that number, so that's skewed there, but that's okay. Still sitting good at like nine return on investment. It's just, again, a red flag and a lot of cash collected there. Any questions on that stuff?
jese Smith-shields: No, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Now, I do have, again, that other closer I was going to get into in my account, but I was going to trial three different closers. I actually got a US dude who, I don't know, do you know Ben Moore?
jese Smith-shields: No, we're not going close it.
Kyle Musca: He's like an Australian dude that does content stuff. Apparently, he was closing for him, and he, Ben, like, he was doing well, but Ben's changed his thing to not do closing calls. Um, that wasn't the guy I was going to recommend to you. Her name is Rachel. She seems all right. Like in terms of a closing aspect, I'm not gonna lie. She's like a little bit, a little bit annoying to talk to. Um, but she could do all right from a closing aspect. So like completely up to you if you want to have a chat to her, if you want to trial her. Um, yeah, you don't have to, by the way, don't, I'm not even recommending her. I'm just saying that there's an option there for you to have a chat to her if you want.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'll have a chat with her. I've got a, um, mate that I'm sort of training up in the background at the moment who's had experience in sales side of things, obviously not closing deals, but he's, um, converted onto my, my brother's package at the moment. He's doing pretty well. So I'm trying to fast track. He's learning because he would be really good candidate for a sales position like this. He's just, just trying to get him over that sort of line for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, okay. What, sorry, your brother's package, what is that?
jese Smith-shields: It's more like, it's coaching, but it's like an athlete sort of style of training.
Kyle Musca: Right, okay. Yeah, gotcha.
jese Smith-shields: Similar sort of setting, but not, the sales are very more, it's not emotional driven, like our sort of sales. It's more like a higher tier athlete package.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, right.
jese Smith-shields: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, with closers, I find that there's just like, people are like naturally good at closing or not. Like, obviously, if someone's naturally good training and skill, obviously, it makes a world of difference still. But yeah, like Tommy, for example, was like, I could see he would be naturally good at sales. He had no experience beforehand, so I gave him a chance. So, yeah. Cool. All right. The other thing then is, it sounds like you're getting a lot of information.
jese Smith-shields: We still want to run everything through there as well. Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so one is you'd obviously just have to create a new ManyChat because you can only have one account attached to one ManyChat. We'll probably rename this one just so it's like this would be Keanu's one. We don't think we can confuse it.
jese Smith-shields: Can you change the names on them after they've been built?
Kyle Musca: Should be able to. I haven't looked into it, but I assume you'll be able to. I won't spend time doing that now, but sure, you can. Then, again, you just have to get Michael in there to set up a new flow and everything like that.
jese Smith-shields: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: And then from there, depends what you want to do here. Do you want to do direct response or do you want to do the lead magnet stuff more so through shields? I think the lead magnet will probably work the best in a sense. Okay, so. Okay, So the lead magnets here, we could do direct response style. Otherwise, something I'm working with Cal on is doing more so like organic style content with it, which I think will probably work well, better. Let me put up here. If it's done correctly. So for Keanu, who's going to be doing it?
jese Smith-shields: Keanu, are you? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think like a voiceover or something, or like even just a workout video. Maybe I've had to believe my back was a weak point for years. Now it's becoming one of my strongest body parts. It's all because I did these three things. First, I started training back three times a week. Yep, three times. I also reduced the amount of sets I do so I can go harder each session. And I made sure that every workout has pulling movements coming from a variety of different angles. If you're struggling to grow your back, maybe it's time to reduce the volume, increase the frequency, and make sure you're recovering. And they're just having a simple...
jese Smith-shields: CTA on that. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's essentially just a, like, pure organic.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, , that's not what I want to do at all. And then just CTA on it. Now, luckily for you... Like, you've already got them. So it's something like this and then adding a CTA on the other one.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
jese Smith-shields: And just have, like, sort of many chat flows set up from that.
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
jese Smith-shields: And just have many chats set up from that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think we've already got the flow in here.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's... Reddit to go, it'll be basically the same thing here. Yeah, like you've already got all the content there. So instead of just doing direct response stuff, I would just go straight into this one as well. Especially if you go look at the ones that did do well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is this a carousel?
jese Smith-shields: Carousel.
Kyle Musca: Okay, my internet just  sucks. Is going to load now? Yeah. And then like literally at the end, just add a fifth one where it says like, if you want my... Yeah, X, Y, Z, comment, X, Y.
jese Smith-shields: There we go, okay. I think, yeah, you should cut out a little bit, but yeah, I know what you mean, but on those flows, I've already got many chats set up, so I can just convert those over.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, it's literally just like a matter of sharing it straight into the account at that point. Yeah, I'd come through and just like look at whatever's done well and then just start with that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Carousel seemed to do really well. Do you need any clarification around that?
jese Smith-shields: that's pretty simple. That's self-explanatory. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And honestly, because like this is an actual, you know, coaching page, everyone's following it for that specific reason. Yeah, I would, it is up to you at the moment, like, of course, but. Yeah. I mean, like I wouldn't even be opposed to just like, you know, when you do do the lead magnets, just adding it to the actual organic stuff you're posting anyway, because you're just really giving, that's the beautiful thing about lead magnets is you're just giving away more value, you know what I mean? And then just always make sure you do DM, because people do comment, comment works and helps get more engagement on the actual post itself, but like the many chat start sequence is different, it's  annoying when you do it through a comment.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I find that not a lot of people actually do the comment sequence.
Kyle Musca: No, I think that's probably also a bit of like publicity around it as well, like if you're a girl who's subconscious about losing weight, you don't want to publicly comment that you're like, you know, interested in losing weight, so the DM probably makes it a little bit more, you know, less confronting.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, but I reckon we start with them, and then we'll just get some graphics up for it. Have I showed you the style of graphics you do for the organic, sorry, the lead magnets?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, they're more professional.
Kyle Musca: So you do, like, similar to one, how we usually do them, like, just normal organic one. Why is my internet so  bad here? Device meant to have, like, the best internet in the world, but clearly not. Who's done this for? So this is something I work with Meg on. Oh, you prick. It's not where I want to look at it at all. So. Kind of like this.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. And actually have, like, the examples of it in there as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it'd be a good idea to have it, something like that. then there's stuff that's, like, a little bit more like that, where that's just a little bit more of the focus.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Again, be creative with it. Try, you know, do it in different ways. But yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, pretty much just bring versions of that. And then we should be  pumping.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Otherwise, I think you're working well. Again, I would definitely go have a chat with Tommy and Marcus and just sort of put your foot down a little bit, you know. Just pull them into line. Like, really just like Tommy, man, and  pay two grand for the  around and chat  for an hour.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no. And that's something I'm kind of noticing with Tommy on my end as well. He's getting a little bit more like money-hungry and he's getting a little bit, you know, too big for his shoes. So it's like when they're getting like that, you've just got to like pull them right back in line and just at the end of the day, you hold the card. So it's just like  if you're not going to, you know, show up and perform and sort of just know your place, then it's like, well, you can go find somewhere else to work.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. We'll do that. That's easily done.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. All right. Well, let me know how you go on that stuff. If you get caught up, just let me know. Yeah. Too easy. Appreciate it. Cheers, man. Chat soon. Too easy. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 89/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-11T05:46:37Z | id:121438598
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hello.
Meg Tovey: Hello.
Kyle Musca: How's things?
Meg Tovey: Things are good. I'm very tired today, if I am on.
Kyle Musca: That's okay. We'll try and keep it pretty low-key in that case. How's it going? Good. I got food poisoning yesterday, or the day before that, I guess. But better than that, I guess.
Meg Tovey: Ah, that sucks.
Kyle Musca: I know. It's like, because I came to Dubai to sort some banking stuff out, so it's like, it was kind of salty that I spent so much time entirely and absolutely fine, and then I get food poisoning the first or second day I'm here.
Meg Tovey: Was it from Dubai, or was it from, like, the plane food or something?
Kyle Musca: No, it was from Dubai, because it was like, I got here on Sunday, and then it was, like, or Monday night or something.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, , that's not annoying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was like, oh, .
Meg Tovey: Quick spread.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I know, like one meal in 24 hours, like .
Meg Tovey: Give it to me.
Kyle Musca: Let's dive into things. How many calls were booked this last week?
Meg Tovey: Let me just quickly update this. Okay, that's up to date.
Kyle Musca: In terms of the...
Meg Tovey: Sorry, the CEO dashboard is up to date. So this calendar week has been two from ads and both converted. Hopefully that chick doesn't pull out that signed up this morning. Um, I made it very clear. I That she's got till the end of day to, like, come back to me saying no, but she's got her call booked in with Lauren as well tonight at six. And, like, we've set her up and everything, so I think she'll be sweet. She seems excited.
Kyle Musca: That is surprising on the two calls booked.
Meg Tovey: That's just this calendar week as in from Monday.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, okay.
Meg Tovey: And then last week, there was not that many.
Kyle Musca: There was three calls booked, two showed, one converted. So from the second to the eighth, what are we looking at numbers-wise there? Let's have a gaze here. So qualified. Made man, qualified, working time, subscribed, after. The second, so screw up before the 8th. So 26 leads come through. And then, oh, I'm actually going a bit of ads.
Meg Tovey: Wait, I'm confused. This is from the 9th.
Kyle Musca: So this period's from the...
Meg Tovey: This is the 6th to the...
Kyle Musca: Sorry, the 2nd to the 8th. Oh, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right. Okay, so you're a week.
Meg Tovey: I've just been... I start to put it in any call I do or gets booked. I put it in either as they show up and convert or as they don't, like, just... I just transfer it over. So, like, it's two... There's two in there because that's how many I've taken so far this week. But this is last week. Like, last calendar week.
Kyle Musca: So this is what we're looking at here. Okay, cool. So.
Meg Tovey: Which are like way lower numbers than previous. And I'm assuming it's because the.
Kyle Musca: Your numbers themselves look healthy. It's just the setting is the biggest problem there.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I feel like that's because I feel like the lack of call bookings is from the sustain thing.
Kyle Musca: No. So. So that's the red flag there, which. Funnily enough. Your sustain thing has gone high.
Meg Tovey: No, but I mean, like people are booking calls from that. Remember, because they're like not replying to the last message.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I was about to turn that off. But as you can see here. So... So your sustain one has actually creeped up quite a lot. So that was sitting at $30 or under $30, and you can see we've almost doubled that. But why I'm saying that's surprising is because your direct response has almost halved. So weird. Yeah, which is why I think that's a bit of a red flag because a lot of those were actually coming in through direct response, not the sustain one. So I'm basically going to turn the sustain one off today once I get those lead magnet ones up.
Meg Tovey: Well, I have had more calls booked this week. Like I've done those two, and I've still got two more to do so far, and it's only Wednesday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: So that might be like a little bit lagged, do you reckon, or?
Kyle Musca: It seems to have slowly been transitioning away, like opposite. So it's sort of switched, which is good. That's kind of what we want anyway, if that was going to happen. But I'll probably turn this off because it's creeping a little bit higher. higher. Um, I mean, this still isn't, mean, yeah, a bit high, but, um.
Meg Tovey: I think, I think, yeah, turn it off until I've made the masterclass and just put that ad spend into the direct.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because this one is not doing too bad. Like, that's a bit high. That's creeped up a fair bit too, to be fair. Um, okay. But then you can see, like, this one, which is the direct graphics, like, we're sitting in 29 there. So, 29 cost per lead, which is really good. So, have you read the conversations, like, the quality of conversations?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Um, so I read them on, when was the last time I read them? Friday? Um, or was it Wednesday? When I noticed that, like, they, that must have been Wednesday, because I feel like I already told you that. okay. you. That the sustained problem. So I've got it in my calendar for Fridays, but should I be doing it more frequent?
Kyle Musca: No, as long as you sort of got your finger on the pulse there and just sort of assessing it. Because just to me, like, that's a, like, if we can get that up to, you let's say we got 26, let's say we got 5, what's that put us, 20%. Yeah, that increases everything pretty dramatically.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, what was that at 3?
Meg Tovey: Well, yeah, I kind of have been, I, um, have been, like, kind of randomly looking at things, but I have it in my calendar to do, like, fully on Fridays. Um, but I was wondering about one thing, Clara, who was it?
Kyle Musca: Oh, was that her actual name?
Meg Tovey: thought you meant, I thought that was an abbreviation. Clara Hay.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I thought that was an abbreviation for Clara.
Meg Tovey: Oh, no, that was her name. I think that's her second from the top.
Kyle Musca: Let's go subscribed. This might cut her off, but we'll see. Before the eighth. Yeah. Yeah. That cut her off.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I actually can't even remember what my question was about her anyway.
Kyle Musca: You fucker. Yeah, cool. Okay. So. So, you self-consciously self-sabotage yourself so that you don't ask people to work and people like, Dr. Barbara, she's going to try. So, either just self-sabotage instead, and go, then try that hard, so that's why I'm going to try that hard. Are you noticing any, like, specific drop-off points?
Meg Tovey: I'm just not replying to the first. Oh, no, not really, actually. Not for the direct. But that was because when I did go through it properly last week, there wasn't much direct. It was... It's mainly the sustained thing. So that was like the main issue that I saw with the sustained thing was that people weren't replying after the mini chat flow.
Kyle Musca: So one thing I've been doing here is I've been changing this around quite a bit on my side is for that first message, like trying to sort of respond a little bit more personalized, which you're kind of worried to do here anyway. How long have been working towards losing 10 kilos? And I'm also curious, what would you say biggest motor radius to lose it? She got a good response out of that, which was good. 12, 11. That's a bit of a delayed response time. Was that the setters or what was that?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, they do work. Yeah, From 12 till 2, oh, I've got no idea, because they do 8 till 10, 12 till 2, 4 till 6.
Kyle Musca: One thing I would also, this is very minor, but like one thing I've been saying is like don't do the full stop there because it gives away the, it's like chatty PC-ish. Um, the other thing I changed in.
Meg Tovey: Who is that person? Because I just want to actually bring that up.
Kyle Musca: Uh, Amanda Griffiths. And then one thing I changed in mine.
Meg Tovey: Not even calling up on Dinger anymore.
Kyle Musca: Is. I just changed the end of my mini chat flow, so it gives me, it's pretty simple. So the picture of where you're at, I'll have a look through this properly and get back to you. So I kind of just took out the, thanks for sharing out, these messages are automated. I'll touch basically personally on online next. So it kind of like, I mean, it's not the biggest change, but it kind of removes that these messages were automated. And it more so is like, I'll review these when I'm online next.
Meg Tovey: What did you change it to?
Kyle Musca: This one.
Meg Tovey: Right down, there's probably a pretty solid picture of where Can I just take a, oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Through to you. And then, what is yours, sir? Did you change change the... The wording around the booking call part on the lead magnet stuff to be a lot more like, I'm happy to jump on a call with you and help you out.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I edited your lead magnet script. So they've got that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so basically you just change that. Yeah. Again, that's not the biggest thing in the world, but ideally, like, the reason I tried to change that was just so, like, people could, to take out the word automated, because that already puts the idea that we're using sort of automations and AIs and things like that, and people are very weary of that. So it's, like, it takes out that and just is, like, I'll review it and get back to you, essentially. And then, again, the idea of, you know, adding more personalized response there would be, like, hey, just had a look through your answers and struggling with nutrition more, trying to lose weight is something I see quite a lot.
Meg Tovey: So it, like, personalizes the response. Okay, can you... you... you... you... Send me that line.
Kyle Musca: Yes.
Meg Tovey: So I can edit the script.
Kyle Musca: I also updated this. Let me. I changed it. This is the templated one. So there's a few other minor adjustments I made as well.
Meg Tovey: Actually, yeah, because this doesn't really. It does kind of sound like pitching coaching from the one that you originally gave me. says that we're like the call transition. To be honest, it sounds like you're pretty serious about getting this sorted. It's a little tricky to get a full insight into everything you're doing over DMs. But if you're keen, I'm having to line up a quick call so we can dive a bit deeper.
Kyle Musca: Is that the lead magnet one?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that's the original one that you sent. But it does kind of sound a little bit like pitching coaching, little like not as much kind of free value. agree. So. Um, the one that you sent me is, it was a, oh no, it was a PDF and I got them to put it into the spreadsheet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, did you reword that, did you?
Meg Tovey: Um, nah, it sounds pretty much just like that. Is that fun?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's like, it's a little bit tricky to get a full insight on everything you're doing over DMs, but if you can, I'm happy to line up a quick call so we can dive deeper.
Meg Tovey: So it doesn't really prompt the idea of coaching. You're just sort of like happy to jump on a call and chat with them essentially. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because the idea is, yeah, the idea is we want to tripwire them on the call and then like transition on the call.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, perfect. Okay. So.
Meg Tovey: I can't even find that Amanda. I agree.
Kyle Musca: And it might be different. Amanda.Griffiths.77582.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah. I know. Because that is weird. Why? 18 o'clock is 6.11. Oh, what were you looking at? That was like 2. 2 o'clock or something.
Kyle Musca: This was the 4th of February at 12.
Meg Tovey: Where's the time? Where does it say the time?
Kyle Musca: See how I hover over it and there's that little black tag here?
Meg Tovey: Because on my Instagram it says 18.11, which is 6.11. Oh, your time zone is different.
Kyle Musca: six hours behind, yeah.
Meg Tovey: I was like, why are they not doing it? Yeah. If that makes sense. They did reply first.
Kyle Musca: This is a day later, though.
Meg Tovey: So it was by 6 p.m. So she replied at 6.11 p.m. and then they replied the next day at 8.19 a.m.
Kyle Musca: Right, okay. The other thing is they could definitely do a bit more follow-up, like there's just one follow-up.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, definitely. They're meant to do three.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they're meant to do three. And like this girl has given you a good answer. I've struggled a bit three years now, trying to handle it when I've actually gained the most weight, which has never happened to me before. Affecting my mental health, I gained 10 kilos and the most visceral fat around my tummy, making me look pregnant. None of my clothes fit anymore. And I know my partner doesn't like how I look either. so that's a lot of pain there. know I don't going that. One thing I'll try and have a chat to the setters about is, like, using the, like, what they've said in the actual follow-up process. Be like, look, hey, Amanda, you know, like, from what you said before, like, it seems like it's really, like, affecting you, but I haven't heard back.
Meg Tovey: Is this something you're serious about fixing or? Yeah, okay. Yeah, I was just going to have a quick look at my, the follow-up so I can just check them with you.
Kyle Musca: This template has the follow-ups in it. Do you have this? Yeah, I just sent it to you. Yeah. So this has, like, each follow-up is specific to the question to a degree. Like, it's just a different follow-up. So the reason for that is, like, you don't want to, like, have to follow up once, like, hey, just following up on this, and then have to follow up again. It's like, hey, just following up on this. You know mean? It's like follow-up one. It's like, I'm about to dive into some client programming. He's still around. around. And then, like, let's say they answer it and then they get back. It's like, you know, I'm not sure if you saw my last message, just wanted to double check. Okay, so there's that. Where are we looking at?
Meg Tovey: Okay, so I need to update because the current follow-ups.
Kyle Musca: So we've had two people so far that have dropped off after this question. That's at eight, so 2 p.m. your time, Feb 3rd, Feb 3rd, cool. There go. Yeah, so that was a good conversation. She just kind of died off. On Feb 3rd, yeah. Feb 6th. I would probably try and do the follow-ups a little bit more frequently. So, mean, like, that's at the time conversion. It's  confusing. That would have been at 4 p.m. So it's like I probably would have gotten it. Like, they should try and follow up, again, as it says in the script, like, you know, an hour later, three hours later. Because it's like this is when they're, like, you know, warm. This is like when they're in a buying mentality. If you let them get away for a day or two or three days. day or Even like, it's just that fizzling out process just gets like harder and harder to come back from.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Do you have the same, uh, uh, like follow-up process for organic people? Cause I feel like, I don't know, from like new followers, can it be more drawn out or no?
Kyle Musca: Uh, in terms of like, you've started the conversation already or?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, it depends on how hard you want to push organic. I'm not a huge fan of, I'm not a huge fan of like messaging organic followers that have followed you just cause like, if you, if you go too hard on them, cause they haven't, yeah, they haven't like actually shown any actual intent besides following you. So it's like, if you just go straight out of the back, it would just  ruin any kind of relationship with them. Um, moving on. Too many things I've wanted to get rid of ones. go.
Meg Tovey: All right, definitely need to change these follow-ups.
Kyle Musca: It depends on how hard you want to go here as well. Like, if they've given you a number and then they just kind of drop off, like, there's nothing to say you can't just call them out of the blue and be like, hey, I didn't hear that from you. Like, are you serious about doing this?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I'll do that. I don't give a . I've been hung up on it many a times.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like I'd probably do that. Like if they've given you a number, it's like they've gotten right to her. She like booked in the call and everything. She just obviously struggles with like accountability and everything. So like  where are you at, ?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This one, the set has just never got back to. Which one's her name? Oh, thanks for reaching out. I need some push-up for strength.
Meg Tovey: That's giving one of those Indians.
Kyle Musca: That's not really. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. good. there. Okay. Just looking at this, wonder if there's a way you could word this better. So instead of, I mean, it's not the biggest deal, but instead of I'm also curious, but I always like to say like, and just so I can, X, Y, And then like, so justify the R. So like, and just so I can get a really good understanding of, you know, why you want to, you know, achieve that. What's actually the biggest motivator you're wanting to lose it or behind the weight loss or something, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. We get it. I think we get a pretty good reply to that question anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: It doesn't seem to be. people that don't answer it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: I feel like potentially, I don't know the times, like should we do different times? Like, because I thought the other week, I mean, the other day I was like, I feel like people are just getting on their phones and getting into that  depression in the nighttime. So I'm like, should I push their evening setting, like setting time back two hours or something?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I probably would. Like nighttime is when people are going to be on their phone, the ads will push a bit harder. And it's also when they're going to be like in more of that mindset and it's going to be more top of mind. You know, if they're like busy all through the day and everything like that, they're not thinking about how , how much they hate carrying around all the extra weight. But if they're just sort of sitting there feeling like  feels, then it's like, that's when you want to really grab them.
Meg Tovey: What about the morning one?
Kyle Musca: The morning one is good to like finish off. Conversations that, like, you know, weren't happening last, like, that night. But, you people that struggle with, like, their weight and everything like that, they're usually not people that are going to bed, like, you know,  early and, like, super consistent with that. Yeah, So it's like, you know, they're going to be up late. You might as well  get them when they've got that sort of decision fatigue and actually cooking the call.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Dealt with a lot of stress, which made me very bad. That makes sense. Some reason my messages had appeared cut off, and now I to try and cook them. That's weird. That's a hair issue. Thank you. For some reason my message had appeared cut off. That sounds like a weird issue that she's dealt with. She looks a bit Indian again.
Meg Tovey: Is there something we can do to reduce that?
Kyle Musca: So I've set the ads to only target people. There's not much you can do. I have set the ads to target people that, like, their primary language is set to English. So it's like if they're hardcore Indian and stuff, it's like it should avoid them.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Trish and more time. No follow-up here at all. Well, that was only six hours ago, I guess, but still.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, because my follow-up's 24 hours, I think.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. No, I would definitely have one, like, within an hour, like, at an hour.
Meg Tovey: Well, okay. Yeah, let me update that. Where's the follow-ups? Is there multiple different types of follow-ups?
Kyle Musca: Which follow-ups are my first message? So each of the follow-ups under the question are specific to that question. So, like, the first ones, they're all kind of the same. But, like, when you get to...
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I get you. Yeah, like, struggle question, goal question, first message. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so especially around the phone, like, hey, man, just check me if you had a sec to drop your number. That way I could flick you through a few options. And get it sorted.
Meg Tovey: Is there an easy way for me to convert these in, like, can I use chat to, like, convert it into my, to match the rest of the tone of voice or should I just manually do it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would do there is you've got that mega guide tonality thing I sent you. I would add the script into here and then I would add the tonality script into here and I would basically say, like, I want you to add these follow-ups, just change them so it suits my tonality.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay, cool. Do you reckon it's four till six that afternoon one, should we do six till eight?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I would, yeah. What times do you currently have them in there?
Meg Tovey: 8 to 10, 12 to 2, 4 to 6.
Kyle Musca: I would, have you had many messages in the morning? It's 12. Yes, that's 8. 11. Do you check these at all through the day?
Meg Tovey: What do you mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, because what I'm saying is I don't think two hours in the evening is good, like, enough. I would, if you're going to keep them in there for only 6, I would probably say it's worth even taking the two hours away from either midday or earlier in the day and then chucking them at the back. So it's like from, like, 6 to 10 p.m. or even. .
Meg Tovey: 10 Okay. What about like one so that they could still do like follow-ups and stuff in the middle of the day? Should we do like one? Should I take one of the hours from the midday or from the morning?
Kyle Musca: You could take one of the hours from both, to be honest. Like you might want to just, if you're going to do eight to 10, might want to just do nine to 10 and then, you know, one to two, for example. Because I mean, like there's not heaps of messages that are going to come through. Like the ads should fire harder at night anyway. Um, so it's like, if you're going to do that, you might, like they should have in an hour, they should be, I could get back to all these messages in an hour.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: A lot of unions too, uh,  unions, man. You should just be able to like avoid them. Yeah, a lot of these  Indians.
Meg Tovey: It's weird that you can't just, like, go exclude Indians.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Is it something to do with the targeting or something?
Kyle Musca: No, it's just because  Indians are stupid pricks. They're  time wasters, man. And then what's happening here is, like, they message through and then, like, the ad sees that and it's like, okay, well, let's go find people with more similar interests than them. So it's like, obviously, Indian people have, like, strong culture and everything like that and they're, you know, very similar in terms of what they like. Like, in terms of separating, like, an Australian to an Indian, they're obviously going to be looking at very different things. So it's like, let's just go find a ton of Indians.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which is annoying because it's like, Indians are... The vein of every marketer's existence. Let me go, yeah, English all, so. But at same time, like these are all, you know, based off people with, you know, high quality jobs. So it's, you know, shouldn't necessarily. Okay, see how they go. Because that's the other thing is like, these are all qualified people. Like they're all working full time. So it's like, even though they're Indian, there's still potential there.
Meg Tovey: And we have signed up a couple of Indians. I'm not like overly fast, but it's, it's like, I don't. And they're just  also just not that fun to coach.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, like, if it wasn't such a good cost per lead, I would say, like, we could play around with the other targetings, try and refresh it a bit. Like, I'll turn this one off regardless. I might even just turn that off. I'll it on so I can come back to it, but I'll turn them both off so it doesn't actually spend anything. And what I'll do is I'll a new lead magnet. I'll just keep it broad to start with, and we'll see how that goes. Yeah. But on that, like, based off this, it's just if we, like, that's just low. So it's not necessarily anything I'm seeing in the conversations as in terms of DMs that is not... not conversating properly. It's just like a lot of Indians and time wasters, which is strange because in the last couple of weeks, we've had really, really good. So that's the other thing is like sometimes there can be an anomaly like this, but it's not like we should jump the gun and change things around because, you it can feel like things are  the world's ending, but it's just a bad salon, really. So what I can do is I will get those, I'll get a new campaign built out for all the lead magnet stuff. Have you got the lead magnet automation built out?
Meg Tovey: I'm not sure.
Kyle Musca: Lead magnet qualifier. Yeah. So if you just want to make sure that those keywords are in for, oh, wait, actually. So you'll probably have to duplicate this because it's, yeah, it's a goal-setting guide, hey. So.
Meg Tovey: I actually have a, oh, no, never mind. I'll have to. Just turn that off because there is a goals one down if you scroll from like ages ago. It's goals.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so turn that other one off. We'll change this now. Goals with an S? Yeah. Goal. Is that the only trigger word we use?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. I'll get you to go reword this and then, again, just change the URL here, the actual link to make sure it's the goal workbook.
Meg Tovey: So that, do you want that to just go straight to the download or to a landing page for them to opt in?
Kyle Musca: Ideally, opt in if we can collect the ring.
Meg Tovey: Can I show you the landing page just so there's nothing wrong with it?
Kyle Musca: Yep. middle. you can use you.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. What is it? What is the URL? That's great question.
Kyle Musca: This is the original one?
Meg Tovey: But do I change anything here?
Kyle Musca: I'll remove Instagram handle because we don't need that. And then Overmarked. Evermarked. I can't say anything. I just see a lot of different things. Like, wait, there are some people who got energy to accomplish in people, like, oh, for pets, nails, for recovery.
Meg Tovey: Oh, he's going ham.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she's on a sales call.
Meg Tovey: I couldn't tell if she was filming content or on a call.
Kyle Musca: what i would do is so i'd remove email oh 's sake yep i'll do it after i just realized it's like connected to my  email platform All right. The main ones we need here are first name and email. Phone is, are you ever going to do some outbound phone setting?
Meg Tovey: I have been like collecting phone numbers, but I haven't done anything with them. Look, I've actually got quite a lot.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's probably, does it auto-fill, do you know?
Meg Tovey: Hmm, probably not because I don't think Wix is that savvy. But people don't really hesitate to do it. I can always just try it and if people aren't filling it out, then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, plus they're , we've already got the Instagram thing. So I would remove Instagram handle and then first name, email address, phone. You can just leave it like that. And otherwise you could put something above email address, like what's the best email to send a copy to.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: But otherwise, we just want to keep this really simple. Like, they've already been qualified. What I actually, what I really would do here is I would duplicate this and have one just for qualified people that come through ManyChat.
Meg Tovey: That's what I just, I just duplicated it.
Kyle Musca: But everyone through ManyChat will be coming from this. So, like, have one where it's specifically for only people working full-time because those are our qualified leads. We don't want to mix the non, like, not working or part-time people with the qualified working full-time.
Meg Tovey: We want to be able to separate them clearly. Okay. So make another duplicate of this?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So one would be, like, just, if they don't see the name, just one would be qualified and one would be unqualified. you. Thank And that'd be the exact same. Actually, no, technically, I would still do that. But like, if they're unqualified, you could also just send them straight to the link and they don't have to fill this out.
Meg Tovey: If they are qualified.
Kyle Musca: So you definitely want them to fill this out if they're qualified. We want their contact details. We don't necessarily want them if they're unqualified. I mean, we may still want them. So it's either you, I would either duplicate them and just have a qualified versus unqualified one where they both opt in just to collect as much data as possible. Or you could just have a qualified one where they opt in. And then for the unqualified people, the link you attach to the ManyChat flow is just straight to the goal setting guide.
Meg Tovey: There's no opt in. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because we don't want that contact that  loses. Yeah. But yeah, cool. And qualified being full-time or part-time or only full-time? Yeah, so this is where it's probably smart to do both in terms of opt-in. Definitely, I would probably only do qualified, like fully qualified. That's all the data we want. Like those are the high, sorry, the working full-time. Those are the key data points we want to extract.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. Cool, I will do that. Want to jump off?
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Meg Tovey: Um. Okay, cool. And then any other changes would like the actual. Cool. Cool.
Kyle Musca: The only thing here is I would just continuously add buttons down the page. So it's like whenever, if they click on it, just basically takes them straight back up to the opt-in.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. I will do that. It takes a bit of fiddling around with.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. Otherwise, should be good to go on that. Let me know how the conversations go. The cost per lead is good, but like if it keeps pulling through Indians, then it's like we might just want to reset the targeting a little bit. I do avoid that, but yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Can do.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome. All right. Well, let me know as soon as that's done. I'll get the campaign ready to build out. And then once the mini chat's been updated, it's just a matter of turning it on.
Meg Tovey: Okay, cool. I'll do it right now.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome. All right. Um, yeah, cool, perfect. I will chat to you soon. Thank you. Awesome. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 90/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-11T06:42:54Z | id:121443357
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How you going?
Callum Hinze: Yo, good. How are you? Good. How's things? Good. Yeah. Last week was really quiet. And then this week has been like polar opposite. It's been a good one. So it keeps us on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, changed quite a lot around in the back end with the ads, which is good. And sort of like was able to see like which ones are winning. I was like, all right, we'll just, and then I was like, we'll just double down on that pretty hard, which seems to have worked, which is really good. Perfect. So did you get a chance to fill out the check-in form and all that?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I just quickly brace through it real quick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Pull it all up now. Certification code. Anything you want to cover. Specifically in today's check-in?
Callum Hinze: A couple of little things. The lead magnet thing. So, do you know the many chat thing you sent me through?
Kyle Musca: Yep.
Callum Hinze: I didn't know exactly how to set it up because it was kind of like, it was set up in a way that was formatted for like multiple different lead magnets. Whereas I think the lead, the videos I was using were just like CTA to one specific lead magnet. So, I was like, don't know how to do it. So, in the meantime, I just set up the other one until I got your feedback on that.
Kyle Musca: We'll review that. Even though it goes to ones, like we're saying in the videos, one specific one, we kind of want to say like, I've got a few different ones to like, give it a reason as to why we're asking. Because again, we want to just like sneak in that qualifying question, but we'll, we'll chat about that. We'll go through the call. So, obviously a dashboard, I'll show my screen. Yeah, so what we're looking at here is, is it this week?
Callum Hinze: Yes. Yeah, I don't know why I said it's 12th, that should have been the 9th, shouldn't it? But yes, week two is this week.
Kyle Musca: I've done that from last Monday to the 8th, though. Is that, yeah, we're looking at this one, though, hey.
Callum Hinze: Nah, where it says week two is the week that's just passed.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Callum Hinze: So set that up from the 9th to, sorry, from the 2nd to the 9th.
Kyle Musca: Let's have a look here.
Callum Hinze: So this is like the results over that quite weak and then since though it's been good.
Kyle Musca: Right. Okay. Okay. So it's going to be a little bit lower than what we would like. Not like, but like. Okay. So let's filter here. Oh, thank you. Yep. Condition. After. So that was from the second. Tag. Oh, pretty. Okay. Okay. So, Okay. So, Okay. What does that mean number? 15 conversations selected. 31 there. So that doesn't seem super, right? Let me do that here.
Callum Hinze: How about it's like 30 something, like 34?
Kyle Musca: On a, sorry, just depends on what we're doing here. So using this directory. Qualified leads. Oh, so it's the same. Doesn't really matter. Um, okay, qualified. Qualified leads. Systems subscribed after the second. Systems subscribed before the 8th here. 22. 22. defeats, 22, Ok. Thank Okay, so, that's... The internet here is very av. So, we're looking at... Oh, you're a prick, mate. 24, okay. It's a good booking rate, which is good at booking. So nine there.
Callum Hinze: There was a lot of notes.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, so was it more of an issue of, yeah, calls, calls, cost, cost per booking, total calls taken. So yeah, was it like were calls being booked and it was just more of a show-up problem?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah. Only for last week because, yeah, this week's been pretty opposite.
Kyle Musca: How far out were they being booked?
Callum Hinze: Most of them were within at least 48 hours or even closer. In saying that, a lot of the ones that... Didn't rock up or sort of the ones that didn't seem like they were, like you know, sort of get foreign guys, you sort of seem to always just be a bit confused.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Callum Hinze: So they just, I don't know what the deal was, but yeah, most were booked relatively close to the date.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. And then only one close out of that?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, two taken, one close. And I made a couple, yeah, one off of an organic as well.
Kyle Musca: Okay. All right. Also, I mean, that was good. It was just a show-up problem. Now, that could just be an outlier of a week. Show-up problem's never really been an issue.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. And it doesn't seem like it's an issue this week. So I'd say that's just an outlier of an anomaly of a week, unfortunately. Yeah. I'm looking through it now. Now, like, on Monday, there was legit four no-shows. through-shows. It's Thank you. And three of the four were leads that just didn't seem very switched on, if that makes sense, when you read through the conversations.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Are you doing the night before message?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, there's still the automated one coming through the night before, morning of, an hour before, I think 24 hours out.
Kyle Musca: Are you manually sending one?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I've got it set up as automation, still through Instagram and through text.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do here is just add a little bit extra, especially in those situations here, is, let me see if I can try and find what I did this morning. Thank you. Peace. . What time is it now? So I shouldn't have been that long ago. So one thing is if they, this is a small one. Do you send through the pre-call video?
Callum Hinze: No, we never had a video set up.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So let's look at that.
Callum Hinze: I've got it set so that they get, what do they get? I'm pretty sure it's like 24 hours out, an hour out and 10 minutes out, they get a message on both Insta and text.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So on email and text?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Email, text, and Insta.
Kyle Musca: Is someone manually doing it on Instagram?
Callum Hinze: No, I think we just got to set up automated through high level, I think. I don't remember how we set that up.
Kyle Musca: Oh.
Callum Hinze: Oh. At least. Is it through Instagram? maybe I'm just thinking.
Kyle Musca: It's probably through text.
Callum Hinze: Oh, actually, let have a look. What's he getting here?
Kyle Musca: So I just sent you through the pre-call video template. So, like, essentially what you do here is you just come through and change all the transformations and branding to yours, of course. And then you'll power through this and just do a Loom video. It's nothing crazy. It's just to basically show up, say, like, show up on time, make sure you're ready to, you know, take that next step. Do you have the script template, hey?
Callum Hinze: For the video? Nah, I don't think we've done this before. I know you've mentioned it, but we're actually...
Kyle Musca: The DM script template.
Callum Hinze: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so at the very bottom of that, you'll see my... So those two links, yeah, and then you... I'm the first one, but you'll see this one, that's that. So you're at the very end, you'll see it.
Callum Hinze: script? I don't know, I don't think I had this script, sorry, I thought you meant the sales script.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. So, I'll send this one, but essentially right at the end there is that, that's what you send through as a very last thing.
Callum Hinze: Okay. I've just checked, they don't get Instagram messages, I must be getting confused, it is just text.
Kyle Musca: So there's that, so yeah, that's pretty self-explanatory, if you watch that video, you just loom, record it, show up on time, be ready to learn. If you can't make it, just let me know. You don't have to have this, I didn't include it in there, just to help give a little bit more incentive. Yada, yada, yada, yada, yada. Cool. If you have any questions on that, let me know, but it's pretty straightforward. Then, what you want to do there is, I think it's Wayne. Yeah, perfect. So, yeah, the night before, the setter should be sending a manual message. Hey, Wayne, I'm just going through my calendar for tomorrow. Can you confirm we're still good for 4 p.m.? And then can you please confirm you're still good on your end too?
Callum Hinze: That would be awesome. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So something simple like that just to get them to reply back. And then in the morning, what I do is I go through, so like literally how I'll do it here. Yeah, so pull up. Do I have go? on, we'll set up. Yeah, perfect. So I'll come in here and, you know, for example, Wayne. I just grab their email. Grab their email. If you try and do like type their name or anything, it just doesn't come up. It's annoying and their phone doesn't work for some reason. Their email does. So if you do the email, then it'll pop up. Fantastic. Cool. And then I'll say, so they've confirmed. And then I'll send them this video, this voice message, which basically says like, hey, just going through, you know, my calendar, can't confirm we're still good for 4 p.m. I appreciate you confirming your side. Essentially, we're going to cover three things on the call. Number one, what your ultimate goals are on your fitness journey. Number two, you know, what's holding you back and preventing you from getting there. And number three, we're going to map out a game plan, you know, step-by-step so you can achieve the goals, right? So basically explaining what they're going to actually do on the call. And then I say like, if you have any issues, jump on, shoot me through a message on my like WhatsApp, or you can say Instagram, whatever you want to say. And more than happy to lend a hand. And then what I do is I scroll up and because you already should have sent a message through sort of like that. I just copy that, paste it, add in if you delete that part. And here's the join just to make, you know, here's how to message me, here's how to join. Yep. Cool. Um... And then sent. And then you can see, hey, Rella, sounds good.
Callum Hinze: Chat soon. Yeah, cool. With that video you did, when is that getting sent to them again? Is that?
Kyle Musca: Right at the end of the conversation. So like right when you wrap things up, awesome chatting to you. You will only send one, but PS, give this a video, quick watch. And then the second one, here's a video I made to give you an insight on the program.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: You don't need to send that one, but yeah. Does that all make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's easy.
Kyle Musca: That should help improve shop rate. Like you haven't had a shop rate issue, which is good. But it also helps just to like, you know, obviously you've had four time wasters on last Monday, I think you said. So it's like, if they haven't replied back to that, it's like, I say in this video, if they haven't replied and confirmed there, then I say like, hey bro, I noticed you were one of the only guys who hasn't confirmed that they're still good for it. Can you please let me know on that ASAP? to we Thank Cause I block out that hour for you. And then, so I'll just add that in the video and then I'll send a message at the end. Hey, also, can you let me know if you're still good to go ASAP?
Callum Hinze: Yep. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. But cool. Other than that, happy days on everything else. So are we looking at here? Yeah. So this one's pulling in mainly the graphics. The graphics are going hard. The videos, not like I'm filtering through them. They're not awful, but they could definitely be better. So that's why I was asking about your videos today. I was going to try to set up a new lead campaign. Cause like meta is changing a bunch of stuff around in the backend, but it just like was really, really buggy. And like, and then once I finally got it to work, it like they changed the settings. Didn't even work. Like the messaging template was all  and like didn't include, like you wouldn't be able to run many chapters. I'll through it. which which is. So what I did is I would just run with this, how I've normally been doing it, which means that one, I will get those new videos up, those three other videos, as well as asking about that. And then we'll also get all your lead magnet stuff up and ready to go on that. So is all your lead magnet stuff ready to go?
Callum Hinze: Yep, that's all done. It's just that many chat thing for it.
Kyle Musca: Let's have a look at that.
Callum Hinze: Just in the meantime, I set up, I set this one up, but this is not the template you sent me through. This is just a different one, which is similar, but a little bit different.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we want something along these lines, because again, we just want to answer that question.
Callum Hinze: So asking them, like saying that we have multiple eBooks and stuff available is purely just as an excuse to get info and then we'll funnel them back to the same.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Because it's like. like. like. Yeah. Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's like, what I would do is like, instead of doing this, because this makes it kind of complicated, is like this one, for example, will be the five-day split.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then it's like, if you don't want to do the ARM one, for example, you just duplicate this whole thing and you just do ARM resource or whatever.
Callum Hinze: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: So once someone... What's going on here? Okay. So, trigger, user sends message, message, content message is, what was the...
Callum Hinze: Program. This one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah?
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Message is programmed. Cool. That will kickstart it. A couple of different. Oh, yeah, be careful of that. So with this, like, and then you can personalize it. So I have a couple of different splits, right? All designed to help men achieve different. Goals. Most relevant. One. Just say the one. Send you the one best suited for you. Let's run through a few quick questions. Cool. What would your main goal be at the moment? Good boy. Do you want it to be gain, mass, cut, fat, body recomp, or would you want to be like arm specialization, chest focus?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I reckon just gain, cut, recomp is really the easiest, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: This one.
Kyle Musca: Recomp, muscle gain, weight loss. Okay, that's still the same. Love that. I can definitely help you there. Sick. Sick. This is, again, you'd have to change this, I'll just let you come and reword that. Sick. Same thing here, same thing there. Nutrition, training, structure, routine, knowledge, guidance. That should be fine. Just so I can. That's fine. That shouldn't cause any hiccups there. And then, cheers. Based off everything you've told me, I think my five-day, what would you call it here, five-day?
Callum Hinze: Um, I did title it something. Specifically, was five-day, it's called five-day advanced physique enhancement, but is that a bit long? Or five-day controlled overload plan, on the title of the actual things, that might work. Controlled overload.
Kyle Musca: Well, program, split, do your best. And then you have to just come in, change this link here.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's not going to work at the moment. And then, Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. you. And then we have two options here. We could just jump into letting the setters come in and be like, hey, bro, did you access that all right? Or we could try and be like, I'll also try and give you a bit of feedback when I'm online next so we can dive right into things and then like try and just feed into conversation there.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I've just sent that script through to Clem A to use, I think, today. The one that just, I think, was your second option where she just flies up and says, hey, did you grab it? And then it flies on from that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Let's have a look here. This one.
Callum Hinze: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Kyle Musca: I reckon what we do here, they might miss it if they go to the link, but  it, we'll, we'll just see how it looks, and then if we don't like it, move it. Text, um. Next. Next. Next. I'm I'm also happy to give you a bit. more feedback when I'm on the next. Utilize the... So you can utilize, so you can get the most. Yeah. What else? Yeah, what are we in now? I don't know we can do that. I did this for... I don't know if we can that. Yeah. I don't know. I think I did it for Morgan today, actually. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. don't know. And basically what we want to do here... Do you have a specific goal, a way to focus in mind with your training? Yeah. So I reckon we try with that just to see what the response rate is like out of it. Because ideally we want to just like... Because if we're getting responses off that, it kind of cuts out the... Like we don't need to do the, man, like did you get access? Access to it. Like we can just remove all that and we can just go straight into the conversation.
Callum Hinze: Yep. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Do you want to do that for the part-time as well or just for the full-time?
Callum Hinze: Probably just full-time, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. So, and then that will be the same for this then. You'll just need to... Dog. Give it up. Give it to this. So, you just need to come in and obviously update that section and definitely make sure to update the link as well.
Callum Hinze: Yep. Yep. Easy. And then what we'll do there No, that's not live right now. That was a...
Kyle Musca: Ah, it is live. It's someone missing... Let me see if I can turn that off. Should we have to turn it off? Hang on. Yeah, so I'll just turn that off. We'll update that. Oh, you prick. Oh my gosh. What's going on here? Do you want to send the URL through to me now or is that it now?
Callum Hinze: Yes. I'm not trying to copy. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: So that should be fine. So, feeling like it's part of my life. that's what I'm going to see. Yes, that is. Thank you very much. What detail you give, the better. I'm able to help you. Yeah, cool. So what we'll do is we'll preview that. Yeah, it's like kind of  them at that point. They're already qualified. So there's like Clameno, obviously, if they fill that out, then it's just like go straight into, you know, the struggle question, essentially.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. Well, that's pretty. much good to go. All we need to do is open. Oh, yeah.
Callum Hinze: Can you do me a favor while you're there, just so I don't forget. Can you delete the other automation I set up for this one? Because I set just like a temporary one up before I did this. I think the second one. Just so don't forget to do it and have two running for the same trigger word.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I can just turn it off if it's...
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. That should be all good to go. So I'll build out the campaign. Let me know once you've updated that with the new photos and stuff. And then, yeah, we're ready for launch. right.
Callum Hinze: Perfect. Perfect.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Any questions on that stuff?
Callum Hinze: Nah, that's pretty straightforward, I think.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you've already signed up five people this week?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I still, whenever I fill this out, I always do it for like last week, just so we've covered a full week, but this is the other thing I've signed up. So it's made up for the slower week last week.
Kyle Musca: Ah, yeah. Perfect. Awesome. Cool. All right. Well, let's get that launched. I'll also get your new direct response videos up as well. Is there... Yeah, perfect. Is there anything else you want to kind of run over at all?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, was going to just get some advice on how to word like a referral deal to a few clients. Because I've got a few clients who have heaps of potential like employees and stuff who I think could sign. I just want to word that and like structure it strategically.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so... The thing with referrals is it's like, you got to keep them nice and personal. So one, you like have the conversation with them. You know, it's always good to do it after a win or something like that. Or if they say they're absolutely loving the program or like any kind of high, it's like, man, you're absolutely killing it. Who else would you know that's sort of like keen to jump on board with you? It helps keep you accountable and helps also, you know, build the community and the team with guys that we actually want in it, which is like a huge part. How do you wear it, right? Something like that. Now, the incentives I give them are if your mate joins, I'll send you $250 cash. People give free weeks, which you can do. I think sending them, you know, like money, like actual physical money is better because they feel like they've gained something rather than just saved, you know, the $200 or $20 that you would have saved them. Do you have a referral incentive incentive in place?
Callum Hinze: I had one that I just ran for a little while at the Christmas, it was just, what was it? I think a week free for every client you refer or something like that. But I've got a few guys now that I'm like, they're relatively well off by the seams of it. So I'm like, would it be almost better to incentivize them giving like the mate that they refer some sort of deal, considering they probably won't really care about getting free money or free weeks or whatever?
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's like, it's a good way just to say thank you anyway. So realistically, the way I would look at it is you've got your cost per call here. So it's like if the referrals, you've got no overheads on. So if someone's going to refer you a call, sorry, a client, it's just like pure profit. So it's like, here, mate, like I'm happy to give you $250 just to say thank you. And then, yeah, you're pretty golden from there, right? So. So, yeah, so you're pretty golden from there. The other thing that's really important here is to show like genuine appreciation because people are more likely to, you know, refer mates and try and like provide you work if they feel like they're actually being appreciated for that work, right? Same thing with employees, right? Like appreciation will go further than financial incentives. And plus too, like I'm sure, you know, even if you're well off money, someone gives you 250 bucks, you know, you can take a missus on a dinner or something like that, you know what mean? Then the biggest thing is like have a chat with him, like who, so ask who else, not do you know, who else do you know, that would be keen on doing something like this, right? Because if you say, do you know, it's a yes, no answer, which means that if they can't think of anyone off the top of their head immediately, they'll just go like, oh, no, I don't know anyone. Whereas when you say who else, they actually have to sit there and think about it for a second. And then when they say that, like, oh, yeah, I've got a bloke at work who said he's keen on losing weight. They're like, oh, sick, mate. Well, like, look, if he joins, not only would I be really appreciative of that just to help build a team and everything like that, but I'm more than happy if he joins, I'll send you $250 just as a way for saying thank you. And then all you want them to do is go have the conversation with that person, right? And then as long as they've had the conversation and that person agrees that they're happy to talk to you, then you get, like, your client will send their, you know, phone, for example, their contact information, and you will either call them or text them directly from there. So that's really important because if you leave it up for the client or, you know, the client's mate to contact you, then they probably will get lazy and not do it. So all you need them is just to make sure that they know that you're, like, you're going to be contacting them, and then you pick up the slack from there.
Callum Hinze: Essentially. Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: So keep it more of a conversation rather than like, here's an offer.
Callum Hinze: Here you go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Now the other really important thing here is like making sure to set up reminders for yourself that to make sure your client has that conversation. So if it's like, oh yeah, I've got, you know, my mate Jimmy at work, he said he's keen on doing something similar. It's like, okay, cool. If you had, you know, you say cool if you had a chat with him, yada, yada, yada. But if you just like leave it there, you won't hear anything back. So it's like, I would set a reminder the day after be like, hey mate, how'd you go chatting with Jimmy? I mean, oh , I forgot. You know what mean? Yeah. I'm seeing him this afternoon. Okay. Sick, bro. Like, let me know how you go. And then the next day, bro, how, how, you know, did you, hey bro, you get a chance to sussle with Jimmy? Like you have to follow up with him because if you don't follow up with him, like it's just not top of mind and they just forget about it. So it's like, if you're constantly following up and it's like, they, you know, it's top of mind for him.
Callum Hinze: I actually have the  conversation. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I'd legit just initiate it with, first off, a bit of praise, a bit of appreciation for their progress, and then legit straight into who do you have in mind, who'd be keen to join you, and then casual as that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like you keep it pretty casual, like there's nothing, referrals, it's like people refer people to your business because they enjoy the community, they enjoy the service, right? So it's like, you just keep it, the more personal you can keep it, the better, because then they're going to actually want to refer their mates, you know what I mean?
Callum Hinze: Yep, yep, okay, I can do that for sure. I just had a few guys in mind, I was like, oh, they've got a pretty good networking sort of circle, then I reckon they have some good leads, so I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and just say that, like, man, you're absolutely killing it, and I know you've got like a pretty good sort of, you know, pretty big crew at work or whatever. Bro, who else do you know that'd be sort of keen to jump on and do something like this? Oh, I've got a few mates that work, but Mario, if you could have a chat with them, not only would I be super appreciative, I'll swing you 250 bucks. Cash for just saying thank you. When are seeing them next? Oh, I'm seeing them next, you know, tomorrow. All right, sick, bro. We'll have a chat with them, see if they're keen, if there are. All you need to do, man, is just shoot me through their contact details. I'll reach out to them and, mate, I'll get, like, that's all you need to do.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yeah, sweet.
Kyle Musca: All right, that's pretty casual. And then the next day, be like, hey, bro, how'd you go chat and Jimmy? Like, the follow-up is really important.
Callum Hinze: If you don't do that, they're just not going do it. Yeah, true. All right, that's easily doable.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Any other questions on that?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I think that's all pretty straightforward, eh? I've just got to go and fix that major thing up and that's pretty much off to the races.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. With the referral things as well, you can send a referral form, but again, then you're kind of relying on them filling out the  information, which, you know, people are lazy and they don't do it. So it's like, do you have a referral form in your, like, check-in form or anything?
Callum Hinze: No. No. No. No.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I had a referral form in my check-in, just so it's like, you know, if you do have a mate, then they can fill this out. But otherwise, if you're conversating with the person, then I would just, again, try and get their contact information instead of relying on them filling out a form.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, makes sense. All right, cool. I can do that for sure.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, bro. Anything else you want to run through at all?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I think they're pretty cool. Pretty crazy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome, bro. Cool, man. All right. Well, let me know once that's many chat things sorted. I will get the lead magnet stuff up and we are good to go. Beautiful. Awesome. Thank you again for that. No worries. Cheers, man. I'll chat to you soon. All right. Thanks again. Speak soon. See ya. Bye.


>>> 91/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-11T08:42:10Z | id:121449322
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How you going?
Arran Humphreys: Hi, bro. How you doing, man?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good. Just going through a check and form, bro. This is different to what I was expecting. Cool, man. How's this week on overall?
Arran Humphreys: This week, overall, from like last week, pretty good, bro. Pretty good. Started this week, like for Monday, quiet, but last week... It was a killer week.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I started this week being quiet, but last week was good.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. So like, yeah, like Monday this week to now, quiet, but last week, really good. Like the end towel of it, the whole week in general.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so there's a bit we're going to have to break down in this session. Do you have your CEO dashboard?
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Do you want to send that through to me?
Arran Humphreys: Is that updated? Yeah, yeah. I was doing that today. Beautiful. But yeah, it was cranking last week, bro, especially even the organic was cranking, man. It was a big week.
Kyle Musca: was a  big week. You go through different periods, man. It seems to be like a seasonal thing. I don't  know what it is, man. But yeah, you go through periods where people are just real  annoying and flaky and , and then you go through periods of
Arran Humphreys: So people are really motivated and keen to do something. Yeah, yeah. So I actually, I, oh man, I was pretty off it. I had a call before here, like about an hour before this one. And my  Wi-Fi dropped out when I'm like telling him the prices and that. And then he obviously, he was like, seemed pretty keen. And then he, when the call ended, he's thought about it when I, cause I just told him the first price, didn't even get to. And then the   blocked me.
Kyle Musca: Oh, bro. Oh, that's .
Arran Humphreys: I could have, I could have lost my , man. Cause he, I, oh, bro. You  blocked me, the .
Kyle Musca: I was, yeah, I was on a, a call with like a business client, um, sales and I kind of had the same issue here.
Arran Humphreys: The intern was . That also. Thank you. I like trying so hard to like hold it in and tell me how.
Kyle Musca: It's so hard. Airbnb, dude.
Arran Humphreys: I just sent that 3D, man.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. So we'll fill us out together. Do you know how to fill us out? Oh, you there? That's not good.
Arran Humphreys: Sorry, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: There we go. We'll fill us out together. Do you know how to fill us out?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, well, I think so. I think I've been doing it right.
Kyle Musca: So this is what you're filling out here, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just change that to as you go, 2026.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah, you should try.
Kyle Musca: Can you give me edit access, please?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Anyone with the link, editor. There you go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So. Oh, yeah, I was looking into it as well, just like, you know, thought you'd like to know. Man, apparently  Thailand has this, like, visa. It's called a DTV or some  like that. It's only like four or five on a box, and it essentially does the same one as the other one I was telling you about the other day, where it's like you can just come in and out as at any time you want.
Arran Humphreys: Really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for like five years. Oh, my God, , that's way better.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's nuts, eh? So if your missus gets online, man, it's worth checking out. Yeah,  nice, man. That's what I've actually been pushing her. And her organics have been going good. So I told her about your missus as well. So I want to get her to the stage her organics going good so then she can invest into a mentor. it's like when I started with you, I didn't even care about the money leaving, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And Ibrie  goes hard, man. She's like really good sales and stuff as well, which is good.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So tag is qualified. System field subscribed. All right. So I'm going to show you how to do this as well. So what we're looking at here is we need to fill this stuff out, top stuff. So right now we're doing this leads in many chat. How you do that is you come to contacts. contacts. Subscribed after the date, so is this from like the 1st to the 8th?
Arran Humphreys: Yep, the 1st of the 2nd.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so yeah, that one, so you go tag qualified lead subscribed after that date, and then you go system field subscribe before, it's the same thing, but just before, and then do it from the date before that. So if it's the 8th, it will be the 7th. Okay. And then what you can see here is total leads 18.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So that would be that. That's going to generate the actual figure. Now if we come into ads manager foyer, same thing, just come from here, go the 1st to the 7th update, and your total spend will be... Here, 8th. 8th. 13, okay. And then leads, you'll find, so with leads, you won't have it, if you just log in, you have to create this custom thing, press the pen, I've already created it, and then all you do there is just type in leads, and then you just add these two, and they'll give you these ones.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: So it says a 17 in here. cool. So, man, these numbers are all looking very healthy. Yeah, so you can see right now we're sitting at a cost per lead, which is the cost per conversion, of 45, which is pretty similar to what we're seeing here, right, overall 47. Yep. Now, what's happening here is, I've turned on your videos, they haven't spent anything on them yet. Yeah. Are they on? Should be on.
Arran Humphreys: They've been getting pushed because people are seeing them because I see a notification when people like them.
Kyle Musca: Oh, it's because I only turned them on today. That makes sense. Oh, . Yeah. No, it's because we're not looking at when I turned them on. Okay. So, yeah, you can see what's happened here. Now, careful, if you log in here, careful not to take it at a bird's eye view because, like, if you go out, it takes in consideration. The further you go into the ad set and the ads itself, it brings it right down. So, yeah, you can see realistically sitting at 40, 34. So, really healthy numbers across the board here, man. Anything under $40 as a cost per lead. Sorry, anything in the $40 range, so $40, $50 as a cost per lead is, like, really, really scalable. Like, if you're sitting there, you're pretty  out, like, unless they're full retards and just complete time wasters. Usually, that means that really, like, it's a really good performing sort of Creative, and it's very scalable. In the 50s, it's still scalable. Like, it's still good. Obviously, we want it to be as best as possible, but still good. $60 is, like, getting very average. I'll keep it on if there's nothing else to replace it with, but we, at that point in time, it's like, we need to get some new creatives in there ASAP. $70, like, things are going pretty south pretty quick.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yes.
Kyle Musca: Yep.
Arran Humphreys: I've working on some other ones for us too, like you said.
Kyle Musca: Oh, perfect. Perfect. Yeah. So, sitting there, $45, very comfortable, which is great. Total bookings, $5. So, realistically, man, industry average on this is about 10%. So, sitting at 28% is really good. I mean, technically, the 10% does go off the cost per result. The cost per result is a very flaky number. I don't really like going off that. So, yeah, sitting at 30% there is good, realistically. The thing with cold, like, ads is you're getting... To a cold audience, man. So it's like, it just becomes  annoying. That's why I like to get out of the conversation. Like, I'll read the conversations, like group them together and actually sit down and like pull them apart and stuff. But I don't try and, you know, like, and I'm not going to advise you to do this, but like once you've got the setters and they're fully in, it's really pumping. Like, I don't like looking at the conversations because like, I can guarantee I'll get pissed off about something.
Arran Humphreys: put me in a bad mood.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Like you'll get a lot of time wasters, but that's just part of the game, really getting into the cold advertising. You're reaching a much larger demographic of people. So it's like, it's only natural that you'll have time wasters in there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So something I want to talk about is shop, right? So we'll get that up. All right. Also, all these calls, these are purely from ads?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. I made sure. Sure, because my organic come through my type form, so I can tell pretty easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can put your organics here as well, by the way.
Arran Humphreys: So that's where I put that. That's just organic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so put your organics here. So this is organic. Yeah, so from here to here is organic, and then this is just total.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so that's what I did. That's what I did.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. So, let's have the keys here. So 60% show up rates, good. Very healthy there. Happy days. Cost per call, good. Cost per acquiring client, good. So close rate, good. So, man, these are all really healthy numbers. Happy days there. Now, cash collected, you got two grand, and then future revenue was like a thousand. So what packages were you selling?
Arran Humphreys: So I sold one on $1,500, paid them. Um, but now I'm just going to try and real push for, for the two, cause that's for three months, 1500 for three months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How much weight did you have to lose?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, like, , probably like 10, 12 kilos.
Kyle Musca: He wasn't huge. No, okay. Yeah. We want to put him, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Like we want to be kind of, so I can push six months.
Kyle Musca: That will come. Um, yeah. So I mean like the numbers are really good, but like right now we want to try and focus on increasing the overall contracting cash. I mean, the cash collective is good. We just want to kind of increase the, uh, the, the contract value total. Cause if we can get that up, man, we're  laughing. Like if we got, you know, let's say we've got two, two of those guys on, I mean, it wouldn't mean massive difference if they're on four grand. Um, and I don't want to  with that. Cause I mean, it doesn't really matter. Cause it's controls edit, but like, let's say we go, um, you know, let's say one of. One was three and like six months. And then like, again, it's going to come down to what they actually need, but just for the sake of the argument, one of them was two grand, one of them three and a half. we're looking at 5,500. Yeah. Just by that change, get up to seven. Almost.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because everything else is good. So one thing there is I'd probably say, I mean, without seeing the call, it's kind of hard. One, I'd say it's either not getting them emotional enough or two, not framing the offer, either not framing the offer right or not sort of negotiating the offer right, if that makes sense, like objection handling properly.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Which we won't cover, we probably won't have time to cover that because that's not the biggest issue. I want to make sure this is 100% more fun. But yeah. Overall, this is good. So with ads as well, man, like there is a big learning curve that comes with them. As I kind of mentioned, it's just like, you're going to get a lot of time wasters. There's going to be a lot of dud conversations, a lot of  retards. It's just, you know, the calls will be harder. That's the trade-off of, again, reaching a much bigger demographic. So just keep in mind with that. And also like, keep in mind that there will be periods where, you know, sometimes through the week, you know, the ads won't push as hard. Sometimes you might have a week period or two-week period or something where it's just like, things go to . It's like, that's why we collect the data so we can review it from a logistical perspective. But it's kind of like, you know, your client losing weight, right? It's like, just because they haven't lost weight for a week or two, if they're doing everything right, it's like, sometimes you've just got to give a little bit of time just to see if things start clicking.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So again, that's why we've got to, this is the beautiful thing about ads, bro, is because like, not only do you have to have the marketing. Like the ad setup itself done properly, the message done properly, the funnel done properly, the whole  thing refined properly. You also have to know the numbers on the back end. And it's just like that barrier to entry is why so many people fail at ads because they get into it and they just  spend a ton of money in a week and they get nothing back around it. And they're like, holy , I can't keep doing this, which is a great thing for us, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's all looking good. You were having concerns around the messages?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, it's just like that, that, there was that many that seemed  good. Like that was the one I sent, yeah, screenshots of them. I can find it. There was lots that, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's get to all the ones that I want to kind of.
Arran Humphreys: There was lots of There was of There There No, like , like  five of them  come through.
Kyle Musca: No, you should just start  with them, man. Do you know Coburn?
Arran Humphreys: Nah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, Coburn's like one of my mates on the Gold Coast. And he's, he just married her actually, but yeah, he's married to Addie Boydell. You know Addie?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. He just  with them, man, because she gets heaps of griefs and he just  them so hard in the DMs. And he's shaved me somewhere. He's like,  get on your knees and like squeal like a little pig and send me a video. they  do it. Yeah, bye. It's a good way to get the ROI up on the ads.
Arran Humphreys: hell.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Oh, yeah, that was going to, before I get into this as well. So, with the... But, yeah. A few add-ons will do, right? So let me pull up this. Oh, yeah, you don't have Go High Level, you?
Arran Humphreys: No. I've been, like, setting it up. It's taking me longer than expected. I'm trying to learn how to do it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Okay, so you're going to transition over there, which is Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: So you can do it through calendar.
Kyle Musca: You can do it through calendar. I would try and get it done ASAP. But essentially, we want to, one, set up automations. So basically, you know, when someone books in a call, they just get automations and reminders about the call coming out. All right, you don't have a bad shop right now, but without this, it will get worse as time goes on. But essentially, it's pretty simple. I've got all this ready, and it's probably only going to be, like, 20 bucks or something for someone to build this out for you. But essentially, or you could try it if you're in, but I probably wouldn't recommend that. So it's just like, hey, bro, once they book in the call, it's like confirmation 24 hours before, morning of, two hours before, and then 10 minutes before. It's pretty simple and straightforward. Okay. We won't spend too much time on that because there's not actually anything you need to do for that. You just need to have it go high-level ready and set up so we can actually start doing that.
Arran Humphreys: It is all set up and . I just haven't made – I just don't know how to make all that stuff. So do you have somebody that I could go pay to do it?
Kyle Musca: Or did you do it yourself? No. So this guy, he might do 50. This guy is good, though, for like – ask him. It's pretty simple.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, because that would be good. Because there's all these other , man, that have been – they want like three grand to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, it's all  robbery, man. This guy will do it for like 50 bucks, max.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And he's also really good for Zapier as well. That's why he's doing Zapier, guys, because that's That's what I originally got in for. You know what Zapier is, eh?
Arran Humphreys: Nah.
Kyle Musca: So Zapier connects websites. So it's like if you, you can do a heap of different  with it. But like, let's say  just off the top of my head, you could probably theoretically set it up in Zapier. So when someone books a call and go high level, you know, it  pre-fills all their information in Google Sheet, for example. Or you could theoretically say like, again, this is just off the top of my head. When someone, you know, when you sell someone in, I don't know if Nui, I'm pretty sure it's in Zapier. If you sold someone on Nui, then it would like automatically create their account in the coaching platform you're using or whatever.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's pretty, it's diverse as a . can basically do like anything. That is super complicated. It's not super complicated, but it's just one of those things you get outsourced and it's more complicated than it's worth. So, yeah, that's the automation side of things. We may even look at getting your Go High Level fully set up today because we probably will have a bit of time to do it. Now, the other thing is once you're booking a call, right, you'll have Go High Level set up. So let's just go under the umbrella that that's what you're doing it off. You'll come in here and there's a few things, right? Once this  loads. So what's up today, Wednesday? So you'll do, let me just, this is exactly what you do. So you click on, all you need to do is click on the calendar thing. You'll come to calendar, click on their name for the booking, right? Now, and then have Instagram tab up next to it and then copy their email. Now, do their email. If you type their name, it just doesn't  come up. Like some of them will, but a lot of Won't. It's kind of annoying. And then if you do that number, it also won't come up.
Arran Humphreys: So I find email just works the best. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then you click on them. Cool. And this is in the actual messaging, not in the search bar. So messages. Cool. And then once you get here, so a few things, right? Right. This is where the DM actually finishes. Now, what you could do is something my status have recently done is if they haven't replied back to that, or even like if the call's booked anything more than like, let's say 48 hours out, this is where I do it as well, is be like, hey, bro, did you have a chance to watch those videos? So just adding like a little bit of a touch point in there. Right. Yeah. Let's say 48 hours out and then get a reply from them. Cool. And then this is really important one. So the call's on today at Wednesday. So the night before the setter should go in there and be like, just looking through my calendar, can confirm we're good for the time. Actually, they're set time, right? Yes. Can you please confirm that you're still good on your end too? Right? So we're asking for a confirmation. Usually they say yes, but this guy was like, I'm working at five. And then I basically said, no, you'll be showing up to the call. But usually they say yes, ideally. And then the next day, right? So every single morning, I'd get into the habit of coming in. So again, it's Wednesday. And then you'd come through, do exactly what I just showed you. And then you send them a personalized voice note, right? All this voice note is, and use their name. So it's obviously more personalized. Hey, Jake. going, mate? Hey, Jake. you going, man? Hope you're doing well. Bro, I was just going through my calendar. Yeah, can you confirm, man? We're still with the 5 p.m. this other. So I appreciate you confirming on your side. Now, if they haven't gotten back to you from that confirmation message, just going through my calendar. Man, I noticed you were one of the only guys who hasn't confirmed that they're still good for it today. So if you could let me know on that ASAP, that'd be awesome. I block out that whole hour out for you. So it can muck me around quite a bit of some books in a call and doesn't show. So just saying it directly, right? And then either way, you continue on. Essentially, we're going to cover three things on the call. Number one, what your ultimate goals are in your fitness journey. Number two, what's holding you back and preventing you from getting there. And number three, we're going to map out a game plan step by step so you can achieve those goals, right? What we're doing here is we're adding value. I mean, this isn't a sales call. This is an actual call where I'm going to give you a lot of value, essentially. Make sure you bring a pen and a paper just to take some notes. I try and provide as much value as possible on these calls. And if you do have any issues jumping on, you can say, shoot me a message. I say, shoot me a message on WhatsApp. You can say, shoot me a message here. And more than happy to lend a hand, right? And then obviously, just make sure the setters let you know if they send a message. Otherwise, yeah, super keen to see what we can come up with.
Arran Humphreys: I'll chat to you very soon. Cheers, bro. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: If can transcribe this, I can just send it to you. Then what I'll do is you scroll up because you would have already sent this and then I just copy this part and then I just  off mate. Zoom has too much on screen . Send that, add the, if you get rid of that, and then I send that. So it's like, here's how to message me if you have any issues, here's how to get on.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, make it clear.
Kyle Musca: Now, if they hadn't replied the day before, like to that message, then I also add in a third one where I directly ask him, also, can you please let me know ASAP if you're still good to go as it mucks me around quite a bit. If you're booking a call and don't show. Something along those lines.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we're just adding some manual follow-up, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right there.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense? Any questions on that?
Arran Humphreys: No, that makes sense. That does make sense, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. That should help quite a bit. Again, you don't have a show-up rate yet, but again, we're getting into, you know, colder audiences and you get more annoying fuckers.
Arran Humphreys: Mm-hmm, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Now, the other thing. Here. I changed a fair bit around. I changed. I changed. I changed.
Arran Humphreys: I changed. changed. And then the thing today, excuse me, how you told me don't say it's automated message.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: I changed this to what you said to put it as.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Cool. So, I mean, I changed that on mine as well. from what I can see. It's been doing well. I haven't, again, paid super close attention to it, but people seem to be replying from it. And then the other thing I noticed, I was like reading through briefly some of your conversation. Is make sure to, for Ricky, remove this question.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, yeah. All right.
Kyle Musca: That's, you're only at that if you're getting a lot People that are just like wasting time. They're oh, I thought this was free.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that was like a short period of time I experienced that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I've been having a reminder to follow the script because sometimes she was just skipping steps and just trying to get them on the call real quick. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, if she does it once, it's like a training thing. But like if you have to keep repeating yourself, then I would start getting like firmer and firmer.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, she called it sick today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I know. I shouldn't have opened that. So, she didn't, I don't know what the  that is. She didn't follow up from the message beyond that. Is that you or her?
Arran Humphreys: Ricky. No, that's her.
Kyle Musca: So, she didn't ask a question after that. You always have to ask a question. If you don't ask a a question. question. If It just ends like there's nothing to reply to, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's.
Kyle Musca: And then it just got weird here. And then that's you replying.
Arran Humphreys: That's me, yeah. That's me today.
Kyle Musca: If you are going to reply and you're into the conversation a bit, I would probably send a voice note, to be honest.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just, again, add a little bit more personalization.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: There it is. don't need that anymore. come back to that. Might need that. Let get this up to the side. So, yeah, I would get into her about that. Like, she needs to. What did she say? So, that was the old one. Then the first message should also. Change as well. So I sent you this, eh?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this one should, this one will take and like add a little bit more personalization. So he said he wants to muscle gain and he's struggling with training. So I'd be like, hey bro, hey bro, he answers and struggling with gaining, you know, gaining size, gaining muscle, sorry, struggling with your training while trying to gain size. This something I see all the time.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So a little bit more personalized.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just so they can see that the automation and the, you know, the bot has ended and this is an actual person who's reviewed their data.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And the other thing I'd be really  like pay really close attention to is something like this, right? Thanks for answering that. Do you have a specific weight or focus in mind with your health and training? Maybe, just. Fat percentage. And I want to be the 80-year-old skipping down the street. Also, I want to be able to pick up the miso like she's nothing. the guts out of it. And then to reply, okay, bro, I've helped plenty of guys in that position. That's definitely doable with the right mindset systems in place. That's a  terrible response. That needs to personalized, right? Like if you get a guy that's come through and said something like this, and you just say that, it's like, what the  is that?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, she's done it a few times.
Kyle Musca: So, what we'll do is, because we're going to review these anyway, I'm going to send this through to her. We're going to do, where's Ricky? We're going we're going do, we're do, where where where Who's in this chat? Is this just...
Arran Humphreys: I think it's just us.
Kyle Musca: I don't even think you're into that chat, to be honest. Oh, yeah, you are.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: No, I'm to send it to this one, so Charles is on the same page. You're on this one?
Arran Humphreys: Yep. Yep. Oh, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: No, you're not. But I'm going to send it to this one. I'm going . . You Thank you. So this is what I would do. Have you been doing this with her?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I've just been sending this to your insights like, hey, can you change this? Can you not do this? You need to make sense.
Kyle Musca: Don't do it again, .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yep, yep. Does she have the ChatGPT project?
Kyle Musca: She should do. Maybe you ask her as well. She's got one. on.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I told her to, because she's... This, dude, I actually closed this fella.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so, what the  was that? Oh, dude, this  Zoom thing in the way is  me off.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I actually did tell her about the best option for your goals. was like, that's a bit, don't say that. Okay, Yeah. That's what I was saying. She rushed a few of them, and a few of them just  off after it.
Kyle Musca: I'm not really a  fan of, I hear, no worries, get you feeling strong and confident for that wedding.
Arran Humphreys: Nah, not really neither. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: All right. Bro, this is a bit of a  job.
Arran Humphreys: That's fine. This is probably me, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. will be me. Yeah, you two are just fighting over it there.
Arran Humphreys: Oh.
Kyle Musca: Holy , why has this gone for so long?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah,  spammed it. I think he hit every option.
Kyle Musca: What the is he talking about?
Arran Humphreys: What do I, bro?
Kyle Musca: He did say yes to this. Oh, and then he replied. 348. Oh, okay, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Did get what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he replied. Okay. I don't know. Let's just move on from that one. That's a bit  weird.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, this kind of was the biggest headache. He just spat it forth with  excuses.
Kyle Musca: I've got an issue. I feel like they're excuses. I'm like like I I feel I'm be Motivation after work, determination. I've told myself and my fiancée that I want to start running and swimming, but I can't be stuffed at the end of the shift before it. Every time I've tried working out, I've always been knocked out back and by pain, the hemorrhoid moved. So I'm down when I joined F45, throwing up every time during workout and then go home. What a  loser. I also broke my right collarbone back in 2000 to feel like that's letting me down. I remembered I've had plenty of lads in the same position as you. That's a decent, oh yeah, you replied to that. If that's a, like, that's a unique situation, so I probably wouldn't say. Say same. You could say similar position.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't say same position because that's a very unique situation.
Arran Humphreys: That's very true.
Kyle Musca: What I do for lads is very personalised. We work together, build something that's actually enjoyable and sustainable long-term. So, I mean, that's good though in terms of response, helping you to gain knowledge. Thank Have the rest of your life, dude. So when you ask a question, by the way, I would always drop a line because even me reading like that, I didn't see where the question came in.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: What I do for that is very, very personalized. We work together and build something that's actually enjoyable, sustainable term, helping you gain knowledge and have the rest of your life. Rest of your life. Yeah, so it's like that's where the question starts. And I had to read that very closely to actually see that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I wouldn't say, do you feel like that? Because that's a yes, no answer. Do you, like, that doesn't move the conversation forward. Do you feel like it's something you could benefit from? I mean, he's already said what's he struggled from. So it's like, what I would kind of do there is, where the  were we? Yeah, ended there. And then next question. Uh, Um, you know, frame it however you want. Um, just so I can get a little bit, like a little bit more context on that, what your day-to-day is looking like. What does he currently do for work, brother? Is it highly stressful? Um, highly active, again, something along those lines. Cause right now this guy's given us a lot of pain. So it's like, we just need to make sure that we qualify for him to get on a call and straight in the book and a call.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yep. Medicated. Da-da-da-da-da-da. I feel like I've had someone talk me, correct me, overcome 100%. Definitely start. Sounds like, in the case, I wouldn't do that. Yeah. Wouldn't do that because we're diverting away from, we've just prompted for a call.
Arran Humphreys: We want to go for the kill now. We don't want to re-enter into conversation here. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You've just, you know, told me X, Y, Z, and you even said to yourself, you feel like you make a lot of excuses to avoid, you know, dealing with the problem. The call is absolutely free, bro, and it's just to sort of see, you know, if what I do, like, if we're even going to be a good fit in the first place. It's no obligation. Something along, like, I wouldn't say, like, something along that, but you know what I'm trying to say.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then a good way to challenge them, like, same as on the call and same as in the conversation, is, like, is this something you're actually serious about, bro? Like, you're not wasting my time. I do this all day, every day. Is this something you're actually serious about?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. And then I would also say, like, my concern here, bro, is you said you've  tried F45. know. but would lot that, but on He tried everything under the sun and nothing's changed.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I get you, man. This  fella, he booked in a call while he was at work. Or maybe not this fella. It might have been this fella. I booked him in on a call.
Kyle Musca: He said he was at work.
Arran Humphreys: So then I said, well, let's book it in when you're not at work. And now he just no-showed after that.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't say, again, we said it might seem crazy, but I've had plenty of lads in the same position. Like, that's not really a crazy statement for them to say. I just want to turn fat into muscle. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's where I'd be like, yeah, got you, man. I've worked with heaps of dudes, you know, who had a similar goal or in a similar position or whatever. This is probably also too wordy as well.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Good luck. luck. luck. Like on this, it's obviously expanded a little bit more, but if you put that in phone, I could imagine it would be like a big  text block, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You're also trying to like, again, similar to a sales call, like trying to avoid statements and stuff like that, because like right now you're like, everything we're doing is very, very personalized. We work together about something that's enjoyable, sustainable, you know, it's like, it's just too in your face.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I'm looking at, you know, turning fat into muscle. happy with my current weight, but prefer less body fat. So, yeah, gotcha, man. That's definitely doable with the right systems and structures in place. Again, is this in your script?
Arran Humphreys: No, no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, I'd definitely not do that again. Systems and structures in place. Yeah, like, you know, what do you feel like, so what do you feel like is holding you back right now from turning the fat into muscle? John? What do What right now? What are you struggling most with when it comes to turning that fat in the muscle and what do you need right now to make it happen, right? Okay, moving the conversation forward because otherwise it just went stale.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know I mean? Because again, avoid do questions, right? Do you feel like X, Y, Z? It's pretty much always a yes or no.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Do something that they can actually give you an answer.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, you know, and this usually comes from like what, how, when, you know what mean? Those are open loop questions, right? Okay. If it's like, you know, because I could be like, man, do you feel like  losing 10 kilos would make you feel better? One, it's a pretty, you know, obvious question. Um, and the only thing I could be like, yeah, yeah, it would. And it's like, cool. Well, where the, where do we go from here? You know what mean? So it's like the conversation always has to be moved forward. what I mean? Thank It's like, you know, again, what do you feel like is holding you back right now? What do you need most to make it happen?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Oh, yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that guy didn't reply back. A lot of these, I mean, a lot of these guys are conversating, which is good, man.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Specific goal, weight, working towards, I think around 78, height, I'm not exactly sure. I don't he just tried to reply again. know. Oh. Now, one thing you could, yeah, no, I wouldn't, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. So this is before the conversation, but again, I'll probably just remove that. And then from that as well, I'm pretty sure this is the exact screenshot you sent me where I sent the look I couldn't do right now, but how about we line up a call over the next day or so?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, that's me because I could have gone on as soon as I could have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. But even if it is like that, because if they say, yeah, for sure, and you have some time in like an hour, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: It's like, I just couldn't do right now. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then theoretically, even if they  said like, oh, yeah, I'm free from now on.
Arran Humphreys: It's like, oh, well, I could move some stuff around and jump on with you now if you're free. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then again, one thing I would get really used to, again, I already said it, but just to reinforce it, with you and Ricky, always separate the question. Make sure the question is its own text block so they see it.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: No one just went stale there. I mean, the leads are good, man. These guys are, you know, obviously, we're trying to target tradies and  like that, so it makes sense. Yeah. But that, yeah, good fly-in, fly-out, that's right. I mean, the leads are good, man. So one thing is, again, it's not the biggest thing here, but I would try and incorporate what they said. So it's like he mentioned High Rocks. Be like,  yeah. yeah, bro, High Rocks comp. Sounds like it would be hectic or something like that. Or, yeah, High Rocks comp is a sick goal.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What are you currently doing to work towards that? What are you currently doing to Thank Yeah, so it's like, what do you think is holding you back or what do you think you need right now to most make it happen? So, I mean, like, I mean, he didn't really even say, you could kind of combine what you said here and be like, what are you, what are you currently doing to sort of work towards that? And what do you need most right now to make it happen or something like that? Again, that's pretty minor. It's not anything, but just a little bit there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So anytime someone says struggling with motivation, I always keep that in the back pocket for if the conversation dies off. Because it's like, hey, brother, I know you said you're struggling with motivation. I don't want to see that be the reason you don't follow through. Something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Leverage it a bit.
Kyle Musca: On a... Call or in conversation. know, if anyone ever says they struggle with accountability or motivation, it's like I'm keeping that in the back pocket because as soon as they try and  it, I'm just like, brother, you already  said this. You know what I mean? And it's like, well, slaps them in the face a bit because they're like, oh, , you're right.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just can't get the final part. Train four to six days a week. Got all the muscle. Just need to lose weight. Yeah, awesome, man. So, again, this was you replying, but I would try and be more personalized in the response because if you follow this script too much, you'll see it drop off.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Just keep constrictive diet, struggling with motivation. Yeah, so gotcha, man. Staying on top of the diet. We could even say staying strict or staying on top of the diet, especially while work and fly out can be a bit of a challenge for sure. Oh, mindset, but that's still a  their issue.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Place, why is this thing always in  white? And again, I know this was before we spoke about this, but drop a line. Potential. Yeah, so I think I spoke to you about it, but I'd probably change the wording here again, just to avoid the commitment terminology of what plan may see you best. Again, I'd only include that in there if you're getting a lot of time waste, just thinking it's free.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think I actually changed that in here already. Ready? Ready? It doesn't really affect the show-up, but it doesn't seem to make a massive difference, but it's like we want to kind of reduce any friction at this point. Yeah, and then add friction. Sounds like the plan to me currently working at the moment, not going to fall and fly home. Yeah, sweet brother, we'll time zone you win. So this is 8th of Feb. And then this was obviously Ricky, but what I would do here is be like, hey, brother. Yeah, so I'd be like, hey, brother, you know, you got some time this afternoon. Hey, brother, I got a bit of time this afternoon if you're free. This guy is off right now. So that was the 8th of Feb. He should be off right now, man. I would probably try and like get onto that kind of ASAP.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, she just ignored what he said there. So where are you based and what is it you do for work?
Kyle Musca: You must take into consideration and... Thank you.
Arran Humphreys: There.
Kyle Musca: I don't want say that, actually, she won't take that long. off, mate. Oh, my God.
Arran Humphreys: Are you back on Dubai now?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just for a week.
Arran Humphreys: Went back to Thailand.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I was pissed at  food poisoning the second I was here.
Arran Humphreys: Just delete. I don't
Kyle Musca: I know where she's getting that from, but that's  gay.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, like, she keeps putting, like, real motivational  in there, and I don't know where she's getting it.
Kyle Musca: You can see here, like...
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, this one was weird, and then he just  off, couldn't get him back. This goes in the store, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Thank you.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, your power just went on and off, bro, if I glitch out. You walk on for me just kidding.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. What the ?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. He asked that before. I think I said in that conversation, she was like, what the ? This dude, um, no shade. Obviously, he mocked me. That was a dude who, um, lost it because you can't see his profile photo now. Oh, this  holds back and forth within for  ages.
Kyle Musca: I'm not so much concerned about your one.
Arran Humphreys: No, I think I can definitely take, that's me, mate.
Kyle Musca: You might want to get back to this guy.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sweet. Oh, yeah, this dude I've been on and on for ages trying to get a call, and then I essentially was starting to sell him in the DMs. And then he, I sort of warmed him up, and he's like, oh, okay, I'll get on a call, so I'll get on a call with him on the weekend. So that was, um, Ricky?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay, so yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Alright. I don't know why she was asking about the call before work, because it seems like she's doing that a lot. So. And it's not like that in the script. I don't know why she was doing that first. Weird. I'm still going to reply to this fellow.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yep.
Arran Humphreys: To be continued... We'll Thank you. Is she going in your account?
Kyle Musca: She will be. She's not starting until Monday.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So got on earlier. Yeah, cool. All right, so I just let Charles know as well so he can look into that, but that's pretty  atrocious. Let's see what he says.
Arran Humphreys: So he, like, takes care of it all, like?
Kyle Musca: He's, like, the owner. This wrong person is meant to be the one that reviews it all.
Arran Humphreys: Ah, okay. Yep, yep, yep. Thank you. Don't follow up unless it's a couple hours after, like the script. But she just wasn't looking at my timestamp. Like, she would start her shift and then straight away, like, send them follow-ups. So, like, I sent a message at 3.40 and she started at 4.00 and then she sent another one. So I let her know that, but...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. We'll see how she goes. But, yeah, for that, man, I would, after reviewing that, I would keep, like, an extremely close eye on that.
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Do you have all the project files for the DM setup?
Arran Humphreys: Not the chat GPT or nothing like that, nah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so what I'll do...
Arran Humphreys: I don't have any of that. I don't have don't of of that.
Kyle Musca: don't don't I We got your tonality one done as well, yeah?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. we got the mega guide. So it's that one. That one.
Arran Humphreys: Are they all there?
Kyle Musca: I'm just saying Trudy now. Do you mean like, do I have the actual project or have I filled them out for you?
Arran Humphreys: Because I filled them out for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the actual project.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what you want to do here. Yeah. So you want to jump in here and play around with this, I haven't actually played, I've done them before, but I haven't played around with this exact one. Um, but so I send you this one and this one. So these are the two, like, I guess, like how to gear it properly. Right. Um, you'll, you'll add, so download your script. Um, so this is my one, but download your one. So it actually is your wording and stuff. And then you'll upload that. And then you'll do that mega guide for tonality that I sent you and you'll upload that as well.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So then it's like, what should theoretically happen is, um, And then, like, for example, coming here, again, I'll just play around with it very quickly. You are a world-class health and fitness DM setter that's working for a coach called Kyle Muscle, who owns Elite Male Performance, and your task is to conversate with people that are inquiring about coaching and continuously move them through the conversation so they feel heard, understood, while you qualify them and book them in on a call. Now, the ultimate goal here is that you sound natural, you take in consideration the things that they say, you review the project files to make sure that you're on in line with my tonality, and you are following the script while adding personalization into it. I'm going to add... I'm to I'm Thank The client's reply, and then I will also add the next step of the script for you. Your task is to take into consideration what they said, then use, like, alter the next question so it's still the same question but personalized to them in order to continue moving them through the conversation. What we're going to do is we're going to come back and we're going to go into one that she  up on heavily. One that on heavily. So Thank So, goal question. Okay, so she just replied with goal as well. It's just like, holy , Ken.
Arran Humphreys: I didn't think I found that.
Kyle Musca: Start my session later. So, I mean, like that's a better response, but then here I'll tweak it. So this is something that I would also get into the habit of doing for yourself. So let's just break it down. Take its toll. Consistent. What? I wouldn't even add it there then. He's already answered what he did for work, so that's kind of on me. I probably shouldn't have added that one. Stage. Okay. right. Something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. All
Kyle Musca: off, . So, yeah, like, with all projects and stuff, like, it's a good idea to go through it a lot and, like, say, this is how I rewrote it for future reference.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, and then it'll learn over time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, and it'll get better and better and better with time.
Arran Humphreys: yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do here, I mean, to speedrun it as well, you could go through all your old conversations and just like basically copy your responses in there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense to get a good understanding of your terminology.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, bro. Any questions on any of that?
Arran Humphreys: No, man. No. That's obviously, hopefully we can sort that out. know for me too, I can improve on them as well. So that's when I'm in the DMs, I can do that and just hopefully get a few more of these little fuckers on the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Your numbers overall looking healthy, man. After reviewing that though, I would  watch those conversations like a hawk.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Then it might look, yeah, I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like with a project, you can add all the like documents and  you want, which definitely helps it, but you do need to, in the actual chat itself, you need to go back and forth with it to get it right.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. See, that'll be handy. And then, so how does Ricky have access to that? Does she have her own?
Kyle Musca: Um, well, I gave her access to mine, um, but she shouldn't have her, yeah, she should have her own as well.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yep. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, bro. Comment, any questions on that?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, nah. Um, I'll make up some more graphics in that, maybe just target different, broader audience in that as well. We can have them in the, in the log to try if we need as well.
Kyle Musca: We'll keep him in our back pocket. After reviewing everything today, think everything's looking healthy. Could get them up, but the issue there is, like, we'd have to increase ad spend to create a new campaign. So it's just like, I don't know, it's really sort of worth it, especially not until she gets her DM setting down either. Like, that's going to be, like, you might as well be, , if you had a bag full of water and shoved a knife into it, like, that's going to be a huge  leak.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so with ad spend too, does it, the meta, just decide if it's going good, if it spends more on a certain, on a certain graphic? Because that's what I was looking, trying to understand. So some of them spend more. So it obviously goes, this is good, I'm going to put more money in it.
Kyle Musca: Yes or no. So the new update basically, like, there's a lot of AI into the algorithm. So it basically picks apart, like, what should do really well and whatnot. And then it will, like, double down on what should do. The issue with the cost per result with the, like, this is why we have the cappy is it because it can get really aggressively hooked on, like, bad audiences. So it's like, oh, cool, this is working really, really well, but it's like, realistically, it's an absolute  ad, or like, it's an absolute  audience that's brought in, but meta doesn't care because it looks good on paper, so it's going to charge you. So it's like, yes and no.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. So did that lead, I updated all that lead  too, so that's going through the chaffy thing now as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so with that as well, just so you're aware, just to make sure, should do, it would already be there, so you touched, moved anything, but it's, so on the qualified part here. So once they say working full-time, you can see a conversion API attached there.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, yeah, cool. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. All right, we'll keep a close eye on that, and yeah, we'll go from there.
Arran Humphreys: Cool, bro. Thanks for that, man.
Kyle Musca: Appreciate it. Cool. Cool. No worries. Cheers, man.
Arran Humphreys: the rest of the day. You too, man. See you, bro. See you, bro. Bye.


>>> 92/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-12T06:00:02Z | id:121812844
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Morgan Eldrett: And then are you back here?
Kyle Musca: No, I'm going back to Thailand.
Morgan Eldrett: Have you been to Thailand? No, I haven't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, I love Thailand. like, you just live like a bit of a king there.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry.
Morgan Eldrett: We should go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. It's like, do you like Bali?
Morgan Eldrett: Well, we got really sick there.
Kyle Musca: So we're like traumatized. Yeah. Same. I hate Bali, but it's like everything that people hype Bali up to be is Thailand. It's just like a much cleaner, more established place. It's like cheap because it's not as westernized. Beaches are better, I think, if you go to the right places. So yeah, definitely worth checking out.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, it looks cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. Well, we'll dive into things just because there's quite a lot of stuff I want to run over this session. How have, do you want to just give me like a little bit of an overview on your end?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Um, so like pretty much from your call, uh, call last week, I hadn't had any calls booked in and like Thursday, I had really busy like podcast days and stuff. So it was sort of like left my mind. Um, and then yesterday had a call and then today I had two calls and I signed all of them. So that was like a win. Cause I was like freaking out. I was like, Oh . I had no calls, like whatever. Um, so yeah, I feel better. Better about the fact that I signed the clients. Um, but that's pretty much it. I mean, really nothing happened since our call last week. And I was thinking on Tuesday, I was like, we're not going to have anything to talk about. Um, but I think there's probably a few things we can do moving forward to keep the ball rolling. Um, and Callum also reminded me just to sort of like ride the waves. Cause I was getting really stressed out, um, like Monday, Tuesday, and then the, the ad payment bounced. And I was like, like, oh,
Kyle Musca: Like I've got no money.
Morgan Eldrett: I was freaking out. Kyle's like, you're going to have weeks where nothing happens, but then now you will have weeks where things happen. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So one, definitely let me know if things aren't sort of moving. Cause it's like, unless things look critical on my end, it's like, I'll just assume things are doing all right.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, and then if they aren't, it's like, then I'll take, I'll take a deeper dive into the backend of everything, um, which I want to do with you on this, this session as well, just so you know what to look for. Um, and then Cal's right. Yeah. You will go through waves. Um, it can be like a few days where it's like the ads just won't pump very hard and then they might pump really, really hard. Um, and then, you you might even go through like a week or two or just like periods where, you know, unfortunately you just don't get much out of them. A lot of that can come down to just sort of like, you know, psychology around seasons and stuff like that. people, like people just aren't in a mindset to get a coach and everything like that. Then it's like, unfortunately that's just. It's part of the fitness industry, right? I do find that coming, you know, ideally it should pick up moving forward simply because sort of the back end of January and everything like that, it's like people just weren't doing much. It started to seem like it seemed like it's definitely been better in February from what I've seen. But it's like I find as you get further into the year, like people start to get on top of it more and more and more. And I find this like Australia especially, I'm not sure about other countries like holiday periods, but like Australia is very like holiday centric around the start of the year and then at the end of the year. And then it's like there's a big like, I think it's like a six month period, but there's not really many holidays and people are in like work mode a lot.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like the back end is fine because it's like if anything, they have a little bit more time to sort of focus on it. But it's like usually that sort of first sort of period of the year that's kind of  because people are like slow, they're getting back into things, they're still in holiday mode. But yeah, definitely keep me updated with that. Did you get a chance to do the check-in form?
Morgan Eldrett: Yes, I did it just before.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, beautiful. Let's have a look. Perfect. So three calls, four booked.
Morgan Eldrett: Was one organic? No, one was like a rebooked, a reschedule from like the week before, but then she didn't show up again, so.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay, yeah. I find reschedules, if they don't show up once, it's like, I mean, you should definitely try and get them on, but like I would make it like quite clear, but like, hey, you know, kind of I do block out these hours for you, just want to confirm if we reschedule, will you absolutely be to make a time? Because it might be around a fair bit if not. Okay, so three calls booked, 100% close rate, which is really good. What were the age, like, what were, like, explain to me these girls, like. In terms of age, jobs?
Morgan Eldrett: 30, hold on, let me think of who I just had before. So I had a 30-year-old-ish who was like working in the mines. I had another sort of like 30-ish year-old lady who I can't remember. Oh, she was working in the medical industry. And then I had another who was, oh, what was that other lady? She was around the same age, like maybe like 33. So they've all been like 31, 30-ish, which is good. I feel like that's probably like perfect. I can't remember what the other lady's job was off the top of my head. Oh, she was in support work. So all of them had like secure good jobs too.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. Yeah, so I think because your issue is you're getting a lot of underage girls. So, and you can kind of see that on the ManyChat flow as well. you. So,
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I realise a few of the calls from last week, the ones that I didn't sell, if I was to sort of, oh , if I was to look, they were younger, like the few that didn't sign were younger ladies as well, like the ones that were like, oh, I've got to ask my partner, they were like 23, 23.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what could have also happened here, and that actually might explain why there was a bit of a dry period, is because I increased the age range right up to 28 as the minimum age, so what probably would have happened there is like, it would have had to re-enter a learning phase, because it was like, obviously started getting hooked on like  leads, so it's like, if we just cut all them off, it's kind of like left high and dry, like what the , I'm meant to target now, so it has to like refine that. It also makes sense from the ad perspective as well, because your cost per lead has come down quite a lot over the last couple of days, so. if we have a look at, you know, let's say, even from like, even from this, let's go from like Saturday to Sunday here. Yeah, you can see your lead price went up right a lot. Like that's huge. That's way heavier than it should be. So what I did there is just cut off, cut off graphics that weren't winning, that weren't performing. And then it's like, if you, we'll come back out here so we can see the actual thing. And then if we go last seven days, you can see that's come right down to 50.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's improved massively. I would probably, if I had to pinpoint what's happened, I would say that's probably it in terms of having to relearn. The other thing is with the targeting, so the conversion, the copy that on ManyChat we have, like the more data that we have. The better we'll be able to optimize around that as well. So like might not help me short-term as I mentioned before, but in long-term that should help to continue to find, you know, those 30-year-old women that are interested in working with you essentially, right?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. It does seem like your age, most of them are older than 21, 86%, and then also working full-time is 71%. So the majority of the people coming through are actually nice and qualified. Like we've sent this 74 times and 54, 57 people have clicked, oh, sorry, 49 people have clicked all the way through, which is pretty decent click-through rate. And majority of them are qualified. So if we have a look at it. Now, oh, yeah, so this is what I changed it to as well. So just to get into the conversation. a little bit faster. I basically just tried to remove more friction, right? So just like have that first quick. Do you see my messages about this as well?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I watched the loan.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So just having that first question there. So it just gets straight into the conversation just to try and like, again, get through it a bit faster. Perfect. coming into this.
Morgan Eldrett: Talked to Lily yesterday. went and caught up with her and she was talking about like what her and Kate are doing. And she was saying like, yeah, they're like super on the ball with making sure like when somebody clicks it, it's like they're getting messaged and the conversation starting within like 60 seconds. And I was like thinking back to like a lot of mine, it's like, obviously not 60 seconds. But I think that first question in the many chat will be helpful.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I also included into it. The more detail you get, the better. Just like I want to get them conversating quickly. Like I want to get them open up quickly. So we'll see. Keep an eye on that. Speed to lead is critical. So that is, right? Like the fast you can have that conversation with them, the faster you can get them booked, the more likely they'll convert. Obviously, you know, we need to make sure that we're converting clients and then we can obviously ramp up lead flow, ramp up, you know, setters in there. But that's something I would keep an eye on for you as well. Like if you see a message come through and the setters aren't in there, like I would try and make it a priority for you to get back to them. Because realistically, it's not like we're getting, you know, insane lead flow to the point where, you know, you just can't keep up with yourself at the moment.
Morgan Eldrett: No. And yeah, I think like as soon as I see it, I do it. I just, I'm very like, I don't, I'm not on my phone a lot. So I just don't see them. And then like, cause I sort of just, I turn my phone off at like 7pm and that's it. I don't touch it again till like 7am in the morning. So then if there is things that get missed, I'm like. Yeah, kind of, that was a bit, like, a little bit overwhelmed. I was like, ugh, I don't really know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So with them, did you watch the interviews and stuff?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I haven't looked properly into it too much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So with them, there's just a Loom video. So you just click on each Loom video and it'll sort of just take you through and you can, like, see them, essentially. And, like, hear them talk and see if anyone jumps out to you. But, yeah, and then we can get from there. Okay, cool. So what we'll do is I kind of want to spend this session just going and reviewing your conversations. Did you feel like your CEO dashboard was a chance?
Morgan Eldrett: Yep. Do you want me to send it to you or have you got it?
Kyle Musca: I got it.
Morgan Eldrett: it. got I I did it, but I'm not sure if I did it right again, but I'm not sure.
Kyle Musca: 12th, perfect. So 14, 17, that looks good. Good cost per lead, cost per good. That's decent, decent, decent, decent, decent, decent. So this is actually really good. This is a really good healthy number for a cost per call. Realistically, at the price points we're charging, know, 2,000, 3,500, ideally. You can get away from anything within, like, I think 300 is really good, and you can get away with anything from up to 500. The issue with, this obviously gets better the more volume we get through it, because it's like, as you can see here, these are all, like, better stats. I mean, there was less leads, guess, but still really good stats. And then it's just like, because only one of them closed, which obviously is like, you know, there was only three calls. That just like. Like, you know, this, at this point, this was actually better. And then it's just like, that just brought that heavily up. So it's like, as we get more numbers through it, that should improve. And you can see how much of a massive difference that makes, like in terms of not only cost per acquisition, but the return on investment based off that as well. Because like, we're sitting at nine return on investment back here with six, like we're seeing pretty good numbers wise. And this will also accumulate over time as well. So it's like, cause you've got a lot of that. You did well collecting a lot of cash on, on the calls there, which is fantastic. But that, that contract value will obviously accumulate as time goes on.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: So overall, those looking fantastic. Did you get much from organic?
Morgan Eldrett: No. And it's weird. Cause this week I, I feel like I tried to, um, so I,
Kyle Musca: So what I would do here is I would have like a, I would clean this up a little bit. So have a strong, bold promise. You know, I help women lose eight to 10 kilos in 12 weeks or less. So your title line should be exactly, you know, people should be able to see this and see exactly who you are. Because right now, like you've got IFBB, beginning pro, there's not really much for me to see that you're a coach here. Depending on how much you can get there, that's obviously a good authority point there. It's good to have online coaching there as well.
Morgan Eldrett: So people can very clearly see that. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? So it's like, if you can try and maybe add like another one in there, online coach. And then I would probably switch it out there to have that really big, bold promise. And then, this will be also a telltale sign. Yeah, so, do you still work with EHP and stuff?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, well, kind of not really, but yeah, I could probably take the posing off.
Kyle Musca: I would get rid of anything you don't have here. Yeah. So you still, yeah, so I would get rid of the posing, I'd get rid of this, I'd get rid of this, and I'd get rid of this. So realistically, be apply for one-on-one coaching, Velocity, and obviously the podcast.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because, again, right now, it's very overwhelming. Yeah. One, I can't see that you're an online coach very clearly, besides the fact that you're obviously, like, very fit and a professional bodybuilder. And then when I do go click to learn a little bit more, I'm overwhelmed with this. So it's like, right now, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. I've got a one in seven chance of... Essentially clicking through to your coaching application. Otherwise, I might come through to coaching and be like, oh, well, she's with Velocity. Like I might click on that or I do need supplements. I'll click on that. And then you've lost them at that point because they've gone down a completely different avenue.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas what we want to do is direct them straight to one thing, ideally, or as fewer things as possible. Yeah. So for me, it's just application, go selfs. Yeah. Which I don't even push much anymore because it's like, I just like ghosts because they're just a good product, right? Like I just, I'm happy to use their supplements and I recommend them anyway.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'll try and clean that up as much. Yeah. But realistically, yeah. Like, you know, why make someone else money when you feel self-funny, you what mean? Um, but like, I'm not saying don't like stop promoting. Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: So that's all  anyway, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because again, like we want to take away as much time because while they're reading this, you know, they might get like to hear and then their boyfriend texts and they click off or, you know, someone knocks at the door and they walk off. You know what mean? It's just like, give me a  information and then go away. Yeah. Oh, right. Yeah. Okay, cool. Wouldn't even have that there, to be honest, as long as they're working full time. It's like, that's not really going to change much, you know, in terms of, it's just not going to change anything. So we might as well move it. Instagram handle. Ideally, I don't have it just because like people click on this on Instagram. And if they, like a lot of people don't know, like what's your Instagram handle off the top of your head?
Morgan Eldrett: Is that my, like my app thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Morgan Eldrett.
Kyle Musca: Is yours simple? Oh, yours is really simple. Most people, especially when they're not. You. Using social media as like a professional tool, they don't really know their Instagram handle straight off the top of my head, especially if people can have complicated ones. What happens is if they click on the link on Instagram on their phone, it doesn't open up a web browser like this. It opens it up on Instagram. So to go back to Instagram.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the cross-section to that is if they're not in the country, it's hard to contact them. But what I would, I mean, a lot of people from the US have WhatsApp anyway.
Morgan Eldrett: So what I do is I just try and contact them on WhatsApp, which is the phone number. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. I guess you can email them too, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, well, a lot of your clients are Australian anyway.
Morgan Eldrett: Hey. Yeah. Oh, to be fair, I do get some random applications from like organic ones seem to be like Americans. I guess like all you like UK from. People who follow me, because I have a big, I don't know why I have a big audience that's not in Australia, but the ads are obviously all Oz. So I guess, but the email is fine. Like I can WhatsApp them and email them really.
Kyle Musca: What I would probably do then instead is maybe drop it right down to the bottom, make it a non, yes, it's non-required anyway, but just say like, if you're outside of Australia, I'll contact you through Instagram. What's your Instagram handle?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Something like that. Yeah. So just simplify this a little bit. And that itself should open things up a little bit more. Does that make sense?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: And then what I would do on Monday here, because I really want to get into conversations, don't want to yap on too much, is do a really, really simple CTA. All right. So just, so this works really well. I know. You leave your story blank for 24 hours, and then you post one story, and then you don't post anything else. Instagram should push it to a lot more of your audience. Your story view should be a lot higher than usual if you just do one. If you post something after it, will ruin it, so it won't work. But just do something literally as simple as I'm looking for four women who want to lose eight kilos over the next 12 weeks. If that's you, apply for coaching. Just something really, really simple like that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. CTA story. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And yeah, they're not quite like, I mean, it does definitely work for Instagram as graphics, but like, just as reference. Come on. Like, I wouldn't even do that wordy.
Morgan Eldrett: Just like, like,
Kyle Musca: Why is this so slow? Yeah, like this is probably a bit, like this is good for that organic one. I would just do like, I'm looking for four women to lose eight to 12 kilos. So get real nice and tangible. That's something I'd really keep top of mind is when you're talking about bold promises is get tangible. I hope you lose eight kilos, 12 weeks. Yeah, four women, eight kilos, 12 weeks.
Morgan Eldrett: Almost eight kilos in 12 weeks. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: And, you know, if you want to, can add like dream outcome or without. So it's like, and help you feel like your strongest, sexiest self or without extreme diets or cardio.
Morgan Eldrett: And then are we, that's within a link to the application form or is this a DM one?
Kyle Musca: No, so for organic inquiries, like CTA. I find directing them straight to the application form works better. The reason for that is because your followers are already warm, especially if story follower engages. So they're already warm, they're hot. So the way you classify an audience member is if they know who you are, they know that they have a problem, and they know that you have the solution, they're a hot lead, right? Trust everything in you. If they know that they have a problem, they don't know who you are, but they know you have a solution, then they're a warm lead. If they don't know who you are, they don't know who they have a problem, they don't know who you are, they're a cold lead. Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Or like they know how to have a problem, whatever.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So that's the organic stuff for now. Any questions on that?
Morgan Eldrett: No, that's perfect. I've got notes there for things to do.
Kyle Musca: I also think this will help with your ads as well. Because... Just changing that stuff around is because people come on and they should instantly be able to say I'm an online coach.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I think I've kind of shied away from that in the past, like trying to really heavily identify with it, but I can definitely put it in my bio.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. The thing with marketing is like people are relatively stupid. So you just want to like make sure that there's no doubt in their mind. It's like exactly what you do, how to contact me, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what we want to do here is come in here. I guess it's conversations coming here recently. I'm trying. Oh, she was in. She was just a...
Morgan Eldrett: a... Thank I've rescheduled like a million times. So she was one that was just like,  off.
Kyle Musca: I was never done.
Morgan Eldrett: Well, she no-showed twice. I personally, one thing I noticed with the DMs, and I wasn't really sure I was going to ask you today, was like, how many messages in should the question about the call be coming up? I feel like a couple of times I saw she was bringing up the call really quickly, and I was sort of like, oh, I feel like that was not enough time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the DMs said it should follow step-by-step the script. Like, if they're skipping steps, then they're doing it wrong.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I feel like she's skipping.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so be really on top of them about that. Just because, like, if you go in for the kill way too early, like, they'll just feel, one, like it's not personalized, and they'll feel like... Like it's, you know, salesy. You know what mean? Like you haven't taken the time to actually even talk to them. Have you been reading conversations?
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, honestly, not really. Like I just try not to, one, don't really want to have to micromanage them so much because then I'm like, what's the point of paying them? But I just honestly don't. I don't try not to be on my social media as much as possible. So it's, I don't check it enough to be there.
Kyle Musca: What I would do is I would say a segment, you it doesn't have to take long, maybe 10, 20 minutes, once or twice a week at least, where you just come and do what I did, just tag for filtered and then just come through and make sure you're reading the conversations. Just because like, you know, the last thing we want is like leads actually coming in and they're just not conversating properly. Fully get, you don't want to micromanage them. I hate looking in the DMs and stuff as well. But, I mean, that's. So unfortunately part of like, this is why I want to hire my ancestors is because like once they're in there and stuff, they understand the tonality and stuff. I shouldn't have to micromanage. It's like a coach, right? You know your job, you know how to do it. Just make sure you do it to a good degree and we're going to be fine. If Clemets gets someone new in there, it's like you want to make sure that they're doing their job properly.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, because even I had like the DM center messaged me last night at like 8 p.m. and I was like, what the  do you want? And then she was like, they're asking for the price. What do I say? I was like,  follow the script. And I was like, what am I paying for? But I can, I think I'll re-message them anyway. Who is that? can't even... I can't see the name.
Kyle Musca: I can't Which is the first question you'll ask.
Morgan Eldrett: So this is where you will start.
Kyle Musca: All right. Then this question should only be asked. Let me get this. Yeah, so I'm really not a fan. I'm not sure where they're getting this from because I've seen this in a couple of different things. Do you feel like you're having a proper guidance, clear plan, so you're not guessing training, food, and recovery would really help you stay consistent and finally see results? So this is a, so it's a do you question. It's a closed looped question. That's not moving the conversation forward because the only response that they can do is yes.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like we want to open, open, we want to ask open loop questions. So the conversation continues flowing. So, but basically this is the, this is. That question. Are you potentially looking to get a coach? So it's a similar sort of thing. I think bypass that for now. So it's like, we only want to ask that if we're getting people like constantly getting on calls thinking like, oh, I thought this was a free thing, which I haven't, like, that's the only reason I did add that, but I haven't really experienced that since then. So it's like, if it becomes a problem, we'll add it in there. Otherwise we're just adding unnecessary friction. So instead it should be like being, because what we could have done is being a cook is full on, on your feet all day. Plus stress definitely plays a role with your body composition, holding weight, especially around the stomach. So that's a great response. I'm not a huge fan of the full stops as well.
Morgan Eldrett: Is this you or the set up? This is the set up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So one thing I've just been saying is like, cause they chucked through chat speech, which is good. That's a good response. It's just like, remove the full stop. Who sends a full stop in that thing? The second, hang on. Do you mind if grab that real quick? Yeah. Two . . Thank you. Thank you. I mean, hasn't gone stale. The setters should definitely follow up here because that's still a conversation. This girl seems a little bit weird, but she is obviously working, so it's fine. One thing, again, I assume this is the setters, they should never say just following up because that's a very chasey, annoying kind of follow-up. We always want to phrase it as in like, we have the authority in the matter, which is, again, if they're following these replies, just seeing if you've got my last message, I just had a moment to get back to a few people. You know what mean? I'm about to dive into some programming. Are you around? Finish off that conversation. Just having a quick break.
Morgan Eldrett: You know, you're on my time. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, and that's honestly like, I even said to the setters like, can you just not follow up as much? Because like, it was kind of giving desperado vibes, but those answers are way better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the follow-up is really, really important. It just needs to be done right. Yeah. Cause we don't want to be like chasing and, you know, seeming desperate. It's just like, Hey, I just had a moment to get back to people. You know what I mean? Like, cause, cause I mean, the follow-up is really important. Cause like, I know I'm guilty of, you know, someone will send me a message and I'll see it and I'm like, Oh, I'll reply back to them later. And I just completely figured. Yeah. So it's really important. That's why we want one in like one hour, three hours, you know, 12 hours and 24 hours. Um, but it's like, you know, the one hour is like, um, you know, Hey, I'm about to jump off, like a year round, finish off the combo. Hey, I just got back.
Morgan Eldrett: You know what mean? Like it's within normal sort of actual timeframes of you doing that. Yeah. That one, this one was so rogue. I did not like this question, this message from the setter or from the girl? No, from the setter. Like it was like I think like a great combo and then she said something like, I promise this is not a sales call and I was like, what? I don't know where that even came from. Like, I don't know how, where that came from out of the script.
Kyle Musca: So anytime they give this much, yeah, this is, this is a really good sign.
Morgan Eldrett: It was super good. That was all good. Down, like, this is fine. Where are you based? That's good. Do you think the right guidance, it just started to get, it was just a bit  from here. So it was like, do you think the right guidance is what you need?
Kyle Musca: One thing I'm kind of picking up as well is they keep saying, thanks for sharing that with me. It's like, you should only really say that once. Like you're already in the conversation.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You'd be like, oh yeah, that makes sense. It sounds like, you know what mean? Like that's just how normal conversations like.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But this is, this is why it's so. It's to sort of like read the conversations because like all you do is just take a screenshot of it and then send it straight through the setter and be like, like next time, can we just do it this way? So they actually sort of learn. If you don't give them that feedback, they're just going to continue doing it. The other thing as well is when you ask a question, like when the setters ask a question, it should be in its own text block, right? It's good that they're dropping a line like that's a star, like that's, you know, better than nothing. But it's like we really want to make sure that the questions are in their own text block because sometimes people will just skim read this and then they'll like, you know, not like they'll miss the question completely. So it's like if it's an individual message, they'll actually see the question or signal like signal it out.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, not a fan of this question.
Morgan Eldrett: They should remove that.
Kyle Musca: Say again, like it ends the conversation. It stops it, right?
Morgan Eldrett: And then like.
Kyle Musca: Et cetera, et cetera, which has led to what I'd be able to get an idea of pricing. Yeah. We want to avoid this question at all costs. This is a killer because now they're logistically thinking about price instead of the value of, you know, whatever they've been talking about beforehand.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I also don't like this is like somehow they've do this. I don't know if it's because they copy it from ChatGPT or what, but that's just not ideal because everything I just concluded will have so there's not one cent price. Yeah. So it's like realistically, all she probably needed to say was that. And then just go straight back into the call prompt.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. It's, I don't know what she did there with this one. It was, yeah, but I didn't actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Of course the person didn't reply to that. It's  ginormous.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Especially like in the actual text block of Instagram. Because like, this is. Spread out here and it's still large. In Instagram, would fill the entire screen.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, literally.
Kyle Musca: So you should have just replied, because everything I do is completely custom-made, real-time, you know, lifestyle is no set price. It really just depends on what you actually need, what you don't, and how much support and structure. And then what I would say, I mean, that's not a bad ending, but what I like to say is, so I can come up with the most affordable option for you. We say affordable, right? Because it's like, we're not indicating that we're cheap, but we are, you know, affordable.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then she should have sent that, and then she shouldn't say if you're open to it, because again, this is terminology of, and she's running this through ChatGPT, but this is terminology of like, if you're open to it, whereas we want to be framed as the authority, like, I'm happy to.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm happy to jump on a quick call with you over the next couple of days, just so we can dive into things deeper and see if it's going to be something that would be a good fit.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I'm happy to. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so I can never see where this has gone wrong. Working full-time. Especially for, like, a white woman, like, no racism here, but like, Indians, I find, you know, they can be quite, like, time-wasting. So it's like, if they're Indian, then it's like, yeah, sure, try and get a specific job. But if she's, like, she's clearly, like, you know, white, like, just an Australian. You know, she already said she's working full-time. My desk is mainly sitting with a bit of movement around. So it's like, we know that she has a job. She's working full-time. she's IUenan That's fine. That's It's She's probably got an Australian education and everything like that. You can only assume. To me, that's qualified enough to just, okay, let's move on, try and get on a call.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. The good news is that a lot of these conversations, the avatar is right from the looks of things. Which means that the marketing is seeming to definitely find the right people. And obviously, hopefully that continues to improve. But the setting is not awful. It just needs, like, there's just gaps. Like, there's just fall-off points, right? Like, everything was good up to this point, not stressful. And then it's like, what exactly do you do? You know, and it's like, we could have avoided that. And then, are you feeling ready to work with a coach? Again, she's asking that yes question. We just want to avoid that. It's the same problem over and over again.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Or a pin.
Kyle Musca: And avoid, avoid asking the, are you ready to work with a coach?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Do you feel like that's. Yeah. Cool. Perfect. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Oh, what hell just happened? Working full-time. Thank you. Thank you. So this conversation didn't really go anywhere, but again, avatar seems pretty decent. Good, nice, meaty response there, which is what we want.
Morgan Eldrett: Is that, um, those two replies okay, because that's. That seems to be like, yeah, they've said, okay, they've sort of like listened to them and then opened, asked an open-ended question.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, that's, so it's essentially acknowledge and then continue on. But she kind of went a bit rogue here. What would you love to change about your physique and habits right now? That's not part of the script. It's, you know, I'm excited to start working out again and hopefully get back in shape. I'm not really doing anything right now as much. So realistically here, she might've got confused. Well, this was also before the many chat flow was even updated. So it should have been, you know, do you have a specific goal, weight, or focus in mind when it comes to your training, health and fitness? That's what she should have done.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: In a way she asked that, but it's not a very well phrased one. So essentially did well there and then kind of  the bit there. Yeah. Well, So that's a sign-up there, which is good.
Morgan Eldrett: I signed her.
Kyle Musca: So they get that, definitely not a line anymore. Yeah. Good. Socials. Yeah, thanks for sharing that. Yeah, so acknowledge what they said. Great. Guidance.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that will be taken out now, I guess, but that was before then, obviously.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, good conversation. And again, you can see how it continues to bring it to a stalemate of just, yes, I do.
Morgan Eldrett: And it's like nothing else.
Kyle Musca: Like we don't get any useful information out of, yes, I do.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Amazing, lovely. In that case, how about we line up a call on our work and social work? So, yeah, good. So she already acknowledged that she worked, which means the setters didn't re-ask that, which is good. Good. And you can see how, like, when you just, when she does. Because this conversation is really no different to anything else that any other conversation that we've read, she just sort of didn't  it up.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Definitely. cool. 121 working full time. This is the last nine hours. Okay, so that's not our way. This was the last. Yeah, 11th of Feb.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, that's Wednesday morning, I think it looks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, currently full time. Such a solid comedy. Clearly already built some great habits and amazing since training consistently doesn't mean probably not a motivation issue. I mean, that's not terrible. I'll lean back from shaving the body recomputer after and what do you feel like you meant? Yeah. that's mean, that's bad. I I So one thing is, I would just, one thing I'm not a fan of, and I think ChatGPT does this, what do you feel like most right now, actually make it happen? The sentence should really start there, because it's like, when you start saying more structure, clearer nutrition stuff, you start putting stuff into their mind and mouth. It's like, let them just tell you what they need.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think the biggest hurdles are like preparation, macro, confusion, stress, not enough sleep. Cool. The same. Um, I mean, almost 10 hour delay between those two replies.
Morgan Eldrett: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: So, I think that's probably what killed it there, is just the slow response time from the setup.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, could have maybe had a little bit more personalization in there, but it's not the biggest thing. Okay. Yep. Okay. So this is the first time we see this fire, which is good. It'll give me a start probably. So I'll keep going. don't think I have a lot to lose.
Morgan Eldrett: She didn't, I, um, hadn't sent her the thing at that point. So, cause when was that? First thing this morning?
Kyle Musca: So.
Morgan Eldrett: Was that last? What was that? Well, that I've been first thing for Maya this morning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That was the day at 6am for your time.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh yeah. Yeah. I hadn't sent it. I hadn't changed anything yet. So that's valid.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So yeah. What she should do there is, I mean, we got a nice detailed response out of her here, which is great. Um, it's just that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that's fair.
Kyle Musca: And it's just like, she should just acknowledge what that is, what she said there. Like, we don't need to say, let's run through a few things. It's just acknowledge what she said.
Morgan Eldrett: And then what do you think is holding you back from feeling more confident, tone, and consistent right now?
Kyle Musca: And then again, I don't know if she's running through his cheaper tea, but I'll just say, stop giving them words. Bit of a flop, 52 kilos, and currently 59. Yeah, she didn't really seem like that good of a lead anyway, and that girl signed.
Morgan Eldrett: And then that's, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, I'm not sure where this girl led yet, but like, what I'm kind of looking at here is, are they giving us a nice detailed response out of that? They seem to be giving us a detailed response out of that.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Yep. I've just noted don't, when asking questions, don't give options and make sure all the questions are open-ended. So on that bottom message, then yeah, it would just take off all of those options. Like there's like  five options there.
Kyle Musca: And then she also needs to remove this. Let's run through a few things because it's like you're already getting into that. don't end the full stuff. So I'm just like a little bit of annoyance with the full stuff. She does it in my account as well. It's just like a little giveaway because like who uses full stops in text?
Morgan Eldrett: You know what mean? It's weird. Yeah. Remove. Let's run F1 through.
Kyle Musca: So like, essentially the goal is acknowledge what they said, move on to next question.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Acknowledge.
Kyle Musca: Move on. Because this would have been great if she said this and then this. Like, that would have been fantastic. And then she needs to reply to this. But you can see we're getting a nice, meaty response out of this.
Morgan Eldrett: So that's great. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I don't have rights to reply to that, but can I?
Morgan Eldrett: I can just do that on maxi.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So, yeah, we're getting some people messaging through now, which is good. And then this girl signed. Yeah. Yeah, so fantastic. So, and from what I'm seeing, that the client, the avatar messaging through, though, is actually really good. That's, like, exactly ideal for who we want. And we're not seeing any, you know, sometimes you can get a lot of time wasters. Again, Indians can get caught up. do it heavily because the thing with that as well is because like obviously you know what an Australian girl looks at and what an Indian girl like it's just very different cultures same with men very different cultures so what they're looking at online is completely different and then what can happen is like you know you can get in like a few Indians will message through and then it's like okay well let's go find more people with this interest and then obviously it's just going to find more Indians don't get me wrong Indians can you know it doesn't necessarily write them off completely but unfortunately like a lot of tar wasters.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah I don't know what news about them eh?
Kyle Musca: I think it's just their culture and stuff and like you know they've immigrated over here especially and everything like that it's just like the currency exchange you know they're just not super financially well off and especially coming from a country where you know Australia is obviously a lot more expensive than them so it's like to invest in something like coaching for them is just a foreign concept. But again like you're not having that problem which is fantastic so the conversations are good the girls seem to have good intent. then basic monetization anyway than anything like let's like I didn't apply I think it's definitely just a set of refinement thing. And that's why I'd be very active for you just like read through the messages and just screenshots, send it back to them and just say like, hey, this is how I'd word it. Obviously, no need to be like put down an iron fist or anything like that. If it's the first time you've had to say to do something, just like, hey, can we do this next time? They usually should take it on pretty decently. But, you if you've said, you know, two or three times to change something and to continuously do it, then it's like start to put your foot down a little bit heavier and just be like, look. Hey, I've already like spoken about doing this.
Morgan Eldrett: Can we please make sure we're not doing this again? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But yeah, that's super important because like, believe me, I'm like  so anti-looking at my DMs as well. They just piss me off. Your conversations are actually good quality. So it's like you don't want be like missed because there's probably like three extra calls you could have got in there at least if the DM set is just sort of conversated properly.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Does that all make sense?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that's perfect. That makes sense. I've made a few notes and I'll go over that myself and then I can run that through with the DM setup. And then I will also look at the looms from the other ones tomorrow, probably tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then the only other thing as well is I'll probably just clean up the Instagram profile a little bit because that should open up organic flow a bit as well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, that's cool. Change the application form as well, change my Insta bio, do the CTA on Monday, do all the stuff for the DMs, and we are good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Shoot me a message once you've updated that stuff as well and I'll have a look through it.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, cool. And I'll let you know further in advance if, like, I'll let you know quicker if things are, like, not working or anything. But, yeah, that's perfect. Thank you for that. That's heaps of information with the DMs as well, which will help me. Um, help Clemé. So yeah, thank you.
Kyle Musca: No worries at all. Um, cool. All right. Well, let's hopefully keep it pumping for you and, um, yeah, I'll chat to you very soon. Sweet. All right. Well, your day and I'll talk to you throughout the week. You too. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 93/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-12T07:04:15Z | id:121817561
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Good, how are you?
Asha Tao: This meeting is being recorded. Oh, there's two screens.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that one's like my little note taker.
Asha Tao: Okay, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Is Ava joining us today or?
Asha Tao: No, so she's working tonight and then I think she has one more Thursday shift. So she'll be joining us when she can. Probably won't be for like another two sessions though.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. This will be recorded. So if she wants the recording, she can obviously have that. Is Ava a BA or is she like someone locally?
Asha Tao: No, so she's in Melbourne. She's been a friend of mine for like 10 years and she's worked as like a PA, sorry, an EA, very organized, very good with everything I struggle with. So I just call her my PA, but she's kind of not that. She's just like everything that I need.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome. All right. Well, we will dive right. Into things. So there's a couple things that I want to sort of go over. Now, the very first thing I like to go over when onboarding someone is just like refining your offer and everything like that so we can sort of sell for higher ticket prices and teaching you how to really like sort of sell them to the point where it sounds even more reasonable, in my opinion, than something like $100 a week, right?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is there anything specifically that you want to cover in this session?
Asha Tao: I'm open to anything, honestly. Like, I'm just really like willing to hear everything. There's not really anything that I want to cover. I just want to hear like your plans and how we can kind of get the ball rolling with everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, perfect. And then just reading a check-in form as well. I want to just free up your organic conversions as well.
Asha Tao: So we'll actually look at that first. It is a very... Um, sad form when I was filling it out, was like, damn, what the 's going on?
Kyle Musca: Good. What's the origin story? Okay. So this is good. Good, good, good, good, good. So one thing is run me through, how does a client contact you right now? Like if they're interested in working with you.
Asha Tao: So I've got a couple ManyChat automations, which has been a game changer, or it used to be book a call, have a call with me, they DM me, we chat through there. There's a few different ways, um, but at the moment, oh, no, yeah, it's mainly just through ManyChat and then it goes to Jotform and then I reach out to them.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what I would do there is, and that's an issue I see. a great deal. Alright. A lot of coaches have is when we're looking at a funnel, we want to make it as simple as possible. So right now what you're doing is you're saying DM me coach, and then we're going through a many chat, and then you're directing them away. So you're leading them to conversation, and then you're directing them away to an external form, and then they have to re-enter, or not re-enter, but they have to enter all their details in, and then you have to reach out. See how there's a lot of friction in that. So every single time they have to click a button, they have to message you. They have to fill out a form, whatever. It's a point of friction. Friction is great for qualifying, right? So it's like if we just had a call booking link, and you just said book a call in, it's like you would have so many  time wasters that you'd just, you know, you'd waste all your time. So friction, we want to add friction in to qualify, but we want to find that sweet spot of where, you know, we're qualifying enough, but we're not losing people in the process. Because right now yours is quite, not complicated, but there's just a lot of different directions. We want to point someone in one direction and this is it.
Asha Tao: Like when I had my link in bio, like my Newey link, clients all the time. It was so direct. It was so cool. I want to work with a purchase done. But then that stopped working. And then I tried to like go down all the other like avenues.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what probably what it's happened there is you probably exhausted your really hot audience. So now with organic, I think essentially you're already doing it, but we just rip out your ManyChat flow and you just put your application form straight in your bio here. Reason for that is because ManyChat works really fantastic when you want to nurture the conversation in the DMs. And that works really well for a colder audience, right? Or even, I guess, a warmer audience. So you've got three types of audiences. You've got hot, you've got warm, you've got cold. Now, the people that are on your profile and the people that want to apply for you, like organically, they're a hot audience. A hot prospect or hot audience is essentially someone who knows who you are, what you do, knows that they have a problem, and knows that you have the solution to that problem. So they've got the trust, they know exactly who you are and that you consult. Right? With them, it's best to send them straight to an application form, right? Yeah. Because, and I found like if you do it through the DMs and stuff like that, you know, people are aware of what, you know, marketing people are doing these days, right? So it's like if you eat themselves.
Asha Tao: so obvious as well. Like, you know, the one how it's like respond this, do this, or the other one just like send them straight to the drop form. But like, I get it.
Kyle Musca: Like people aren't dumb. They're like, I want to talk to a real human. Yeah. So it's like, again, that… Because I run my ads and stuff, and when we do this, we'll run ads through ManyChat and Conversation because they need that nurture and they need to be warmed up a little bit more before you go into a call booking. Essentially, what I'm saying here is just chuck your jot form or your application form straight in here.
Asha Tao: So instead of it being, what have I got there? My beacons link. So just chuck the coaching inquiry form directly in there, yeah?
Kyle Musca: We'll have a look at this in a second. Yeah, so we'll have a look at this. What's that in a beacons link? Personalization. Yeah, so yeah, you've got this. Now, again, this is a point of friction because this isn't bad, by the way, but just to sort of demonstrate my point is when someone clicks on here, when we're trying to drive someone to a specific point, we want to remove any possible distraction because people's attention spans are so small. They might come to you and apply, and what you're doing here is... Is you've got one-to-one coaching, which is why people would have come here in the first place, but then you've got personalized meal plan and then you've got app access. So it's like someone would have come in for coaching and then everyone wants the cheapest option, right? So like, oh, well, I only need help with, you know, meal plan. Maybe I'll just go to that and you've lost an application, which could have been a client.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, do you have, okay, I'm not going to go through that for now, any prices or anything like that?
Asha Tao: On these? The only one that has the pricing is the personalized meal plan.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Asha Tao: So with the coaching, it's just, I'll be in contact within 24 hours.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would just rip that out because these are all coaching. We just want to direct everyone high ticket right now.
Asha Tao: We want direct response.
Kyle Musca: I would just grab this exact link and I would place that, replace that here.
Asha Tao: Do you mind if I do this now? Because it will take me one second.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely.
Asha Tao: Yeah. I'm just like, I don't want to like forget anything.
Kyle Musca: And this is also your Newey as well. So we don't want to publicly display your prices.
Asha Tao: Yeah. So. Services. Wait, so I'm getting rid of the beacons completely, hey, and I'm just popping in my jot form.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Asha Tao: Oh, wait, start coaching now. So I haven't even got my, what have I done?
Kyle Musca: Wait. Your wonder when coaching goes straight in Newey link.
Asha Tao: Oh, okay. That used to be. Okay. So Ava and I, again, have been trying to  be like, what's going on? So it used to be. Oh, . I didn't know that was on there. It used to be my Calendly link, which is why there's not been any calls because there's no  call link. And then. And then. And it was the jot form. So I don't know what the  I've done there.
Kyle Musca: I've managed to pop the wrong link in there.
Asha Tao: So jot form.
Kyle Musca: You have, okay, perfect. You have jot form. Okay. So you can actually set up exactly what I have set up here. And I'll show you that in a second.
Asha Tao: What have you got set up?
Kyle Musca: I'll show you mine in second. But essentially what I would do, yeah.
Asha Tao: I'll send you what I've got. Let me send this to you. I'll send it in what's up. Let me send it in. Something  up. I'm like,  this. I don't want to do it. And then I just get out of it. So like, yeah, couldn't agree more.
Kyle Musca: Now the Instagram handle, I'm not a fan of doing this in their application form because what will happen on Instagram is it doesn't do it on the laptop, but when you're on your phone, if you click on a link, it opens it in Instagram. It doesn't open it up in its own unique tab, right? The issue with that is a lot of people don't know their Instagram handle off the top of their head. So again, for them to get their Instagram handle, they have to fully close out of it, then fully redo that entire process if they wanted to. Again, that's like, ah,  it.
Asha Tao: Yeah. I can't believe I've had the  Newe link in there for that long. That's  me off that that's been there. That makes so much sense.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do here, I'll just go through this. Let me look in coaching right now. What we want is just keep it really nice and simple. Full name, email, phone number, country, age, work status. This is the financial qualifier. As long as they're working full-time, I'm happy to pick up the phone and have a conversation with you.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's in your bio, yeah? Yeah. Yeah. So I have Ghost. Ghost, I mean, a lot of mine's not really, like I do get really good traction through organic, but my main focus is paid advertising.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if I really wanted to, then I could just remove Ghost and have that application form, which is what I would do for you because that's our main focus. We want to drive this  up like a . We don't want to give them any other option besides here, apply for coaching. It's the only thing you do, only thing, only option you have, right? Not you, but like them.
Asha Tao: And I used to have, so a lot of that structure of the... This form, I had a, oh, let me see if that landing page is still there actually. So this is what James set up. If you search coachbyasha.com, you'll see what he set up for me. So everything that he kind of set up was all about what can they afford? Like it was kind of. Is that why he coached?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just a bit dyslexic. Is this, does this go to your job form?
Asha Tao: This goes to, there should be a photo there too.
Kyle Musca: That's so weird. this is already a bad setup. I don't know what he built it on, but this is loading, which means that the website's not set up properly.
Asha Tao: I also haven't got it in there. I don't know if he's like, it's loaded on mine.
Kyle Musca: Powered by Fit Pronouncers. So this is whatever he's done.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again.
Asha Tao: So used to go to a database, which I think I might still have access to. It's basically, what are your goals? What's your budget? Contact details, and that's it. And then the other one was the same thing. Like, that's why we kind of just generated similar  to what he did. But again, nothing  worked.
Kyle Musca: So we rip all that out. It's just full name, email, phone number, state and country, age, right? Current work situation. Because these are all pre-filled stuff, right? As you can see.
Asha Tao: Yeah, true. So it's like a no-brainer. They just tap, tap, tap.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, what you also want to do here, where is a lot of your audience from?
Asha Tao: they all Australian, Australian, US? Like, what are we looking at? Aussie and US. I actually had a higher number of people from US, actually. But just a little bit more.
Kyle Musca: So the trade-off with the Instagram... Instagram handle is that if they, I mean, so what I would probably do is I would start with something like this and remove Instagram handle. There's a lot of them have WhatsApp anyway. So it's like if they contact you, can just message them on WhatsApp, you can call them on WhatsApp. Otherwise, if, and then if it's a problem, and this is what, when it comes to a funnel, this is what we want to do, is if something's a problem, then we either tighten it or loosen it with the friction. So it's like if we're getting a lot of US leads and we can't contact them because a lot of them don't have WhatsApp or they're not replying, it's like, all right, we'll add in, you know, if you're not in Australia, what's your Instagram? This is how I'll contact you.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We'll come back to that. All of them, is it going to start with a phone call? Yeah. So just I'll finish off that, but we'll move Instagram to begin with, just make it nice. So yeah, we want to keep the funnel as simple, especially organic, as simple and as personal as possible for now.
Asha Tao: So yeah, in general, ever, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: And I'll show you in a second. So essentially, because if someone fills out to work directly with you, and then that afternoon, like ideally, as soon as they fill out the application, speed to lead is the most important thing. So I would really keep your eyes on this. But as soon as they fill out, it's like, hey, Rachel, it's just Asha, I just saw you, you know, fill out my coaching application form. was just seeing if you're potentially still interested in having a little bit like deeper look into that. Yeah, fantastic. Okay, well, I just want to learn a little bit more, more about you. That's kind of where you'd ask maybe some surface level questions, right? Which is basically what you have in your, where is it? Your job form, you know? What are you hoping to achieve in the three to six months?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? You don't want to ask too much because this is just the setting call, right? Yeah. Basically, you would kind of follow a similar structure to the DM setting script that we'll get into when we get into paid advertising and everything like that. This is in more conversation. What do you think is holding you back to the struggle? What do you think is holding you back from achieving that? Okay, that's good. That makes sense. I've worked with hundreds of women in a similar situation. I could definitely help you there. Where are you based and what is it you do for work, by the way? Okay, so this is the financial qualifier because they'll be like, oh, I'm like a full-time nurse and everything like that. It's a shift work, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Okay, cool. So they've got a full-time job and they're qualified. We're happy to chat with them. Fantastic. Fantastic. Well, this is DM setting. We wouldn't ask that for this. Okay, well, I couldn't do it right now, but how about we line up a call, potentially even this afternoon, maybe tomorrow afternoon, just so we can dive into things a little bit deeper and map things out. Is good? Yep, cool. And then you would manually book them, which basically, well, you've already got their email and everything like that. So it's like, cool, how does 2 p.m. tomorrow sound? Great. And you could send them the link, but it's probably easier just to manually book them in. Cool. I just sent you a confirmation link. Did that one come through? Yeah. Do you want to confirm that? I'm just going to add it to your calendar so it's a little bit easier to keep track of. Fantastic. Does that make sense?
Asha Tao: Yeah. Perfect.
Kyle Musca: Really simple. This is the DMs one, so I won't send this because it'll be confusing as . We'll come back to that once we get into ads and everything. So what I would do is I'll just screenshot this and I'll basically copy this.
Asha Tao: Yeah. And I can do that in JotForm. Yeah. They've got all those different templates and contact forms and everything, don't they?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you can keep using your JotForm and just like call all the questions essentially because this is the same thing.
Asha Tao: I kind of think it might be a little bit more enticing for people just to be like, oh, cool. Look, there's six questions.
Kyle Musca: Like I get the whole setup of yours. Yeah. Yeah. And then what I what you can do here as well as in the JotForm settings is like. Once you fill all this  out. So this is where I've got conditional logic on this question. Conditional logic basically means, do you know what it means by the way? Sorry.
Asha Tao: I don't even know if I've heard that before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So basically means if they answer this question, this, like if they answer this, they go that way. So if they, if they're qualified, they go this way. If they're not qualified, they go this way.
Asha Tao: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So working full time, next steps. So I've got the application form. I can now contact him, but it's like, Hey, book in a time. So they can self book a calling.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. That's where you would add your Calendly link. So it's a two-step thing.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does it make sense?
Asha Tao: Yeah. Now with people who do like part-time or something else, would that take them elsewhere or do they all end up booking the call link? The... Let's started. Going to the Calendly link.
Kyle Musca: No, so I've got too many things open now. So say I come back, right? If I said anything else, apprentice, student, working part-time or not working, anything else, it's just like I say I'm currently full. You can sign up to this.
Asha Tao: Yeah. Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: So theoretically, you could just send them.
Asha Tao: Yeah, on JotForm. Is yours on JotForm?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Asha Tao: So what you do there. I have no idea you could do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you're going to inbox, not inbox.
Asha Tao: Can you send me this recording when we're done? So I can obviously have it for me and Ava and just like go back over all this stuff. Because we've wanted to do something similar to that. Like we've seen someone else, you know, Riley and Kiara.
Kyle Musca: Yep.
Asha Tao: RSL or whatever it is. Ava was on. They're playing around, and when she was selecting something that wasn't $1,000 a week or something, it would take her to a different page. And I was like, I would really love something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you kind of, yeah. I haven't checked out their one, but it's the conditional logic is what it is.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The more star power, the more you can get away with.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So obviously they have, like, especially Kiara, she has a lot of, I don't really follow her or anything like that, but she seems to have, like, quite a cult audience.
Asha Tao: She has a massive audience, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So. So I'm going to go to edit form, and then hopefully my coaches don't log in and kick me out. You just go to settings. Yeah. And conditions.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you just add. So conditions. So if current work situation is equal to working full-time, they get redirected to, and that's where you would have your calendar link.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. And if current work situation is equal to X, Y, Z, that's when you would, again, for you, and I kind of have been thinking about doing this, but I don't really care if they're not qualified, so I haven't gotten around to it. But you could just add straight to your program. You know what I mean? Yeah. You know, sign up here, $30 a week, low ticket.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? Yeah. Looks like they've got AI into it now as well. Does that make sense?
Asha Tao: Yeah. I don't know you could do that. That's really good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just keeping it really nice and simple. I haven't worked with James in a while, but yeah, reflecting back on that, it's just basic, basic stuff. You know what mean?
Asha Tao: Oh, it did load. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It eventually did load. But what?
Asha Tao: That took like  five minutes. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. People won't, you know. Their boyfriend will text them or someone will knock at the door or, you know, the kettle will off or something. People's attention spans are so low. So it's like collect their information before they have any, no distractions, collect their information. You can go for it. Cool. Any questions on that at all?
Asha Tao: No.
Kyle Musca: Not yet. Now, with your account, you get mad.
Asha Tao: I got what?
Kyle Musca: You get mad engagement, like mad engagement. You got a great following.
Asha Tao: Get a lot of engagement. usually get better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But if you had, so like this alone, you should at least get, I'm not going to put an actual figure to it, but if you get a video that pops off, you get hundreds of thousands of views every couple of videos. So, and I know you specifically said this on the call the other day.
Asha Tao: Yeah. These ones here, this is another one I created today. These always get like 500k minimum view. I get a thousand followers, this specific like 10 second little one.
Kyle Musca: So I am trying to push this out at least once a week. Yeah.
Asha Tao: But I'm not getting a lot of, like, obviously I didn't, I haven't checked my beacons in like, what, two weeks? I'm really pissed off about that. But yeah, I had a huge like influx on Friday last week. Had probably another 10 applications come through. But like, it's 10 applications, you know, I feel like I should be getting like 100.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the reason for that is because you're saying DM, I would say. Again, organic, direct them application form. Seems a little bit more official as well. You know what I mean? Like, if girls are serious, then they know they will be.
Asha Tao: bio or something. Is that what you mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And also, I think the other issue here, so there's like a few different things here. One is the CTA doesn't stand out enough. You know what mean? Like, people will click on the caption. caption.
Asha Tao: Like, I feel like I've had to, what's the word? A lot of this stuff has come from James, and I hate even saying it, because before this, I never had, like, call to actions in my bio. I didn't really have any of that. I think I'd be like, check the link in my bio or something, you know? And I just feel like all this stuff that I've been implementing, like, when I say what you're doing, I'm like, it's so straightforward.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, people are, like, I would, like, marketing and, like, talking to mass groups of people is just, like, think of them as kind of retarded, right? Like, they're just stupid. Like, tell them exactly what you do and exactly how to contact you. You know what I mean? Like, it shouldn't be any sort of, there shouldn't be any, like, doubt in their mind or any confusion. Because if there's an ounce of confusion about what you do or how to contact you, they just won't do it.
Asha Tao: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Right? And then with bold. Promises. We always want to be tangible. You know what I mean? Like it's, it's good to say, I hope you cut fat and build confidence. Fantastic. But I hope you cut 10 kilos of fat in 14 weeks and become your strongest sexiest self. You know what mean?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like it's a bold.
Asha Tao: Love it all. Like it's just so, it's confident as well coming from a coach being like, here's what I do. And everyone wants that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like this guy was like lost a lot of weight. So hence why I was like 10 to 20 kilos plus.
Asha Tao: know mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, cause big dudes would see this and be like,  yeah. Yeah. Um, so I think, um, and even the one today, like all, yeah, but like this is 10,000 likes, hundreds of thousands of views. What was that?
Asha Tao: I do, I'd say at least one or two of my post weekly get really  good engagement. At the moment, like, you know, when I'm doing well, I. I've around 7 million views per week plus, and at the moment I'm sitting around like 2 million. So like I can do so  well, and it's just been so disheartening lately where I'm like, where are all the  people going? Like what's going on?
Kyle Musca: guarantee you it was just picking apart that people are going in all different directions, and you're just losing them through the funnel. They're just leaking out the side.
Asha Tao: And then again, DM takes me to to hate.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Sorry, you continue?
Asha Tao: No, no, no. What were you going say?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you're right. Yeah. DM, I did DM for ages, and I just wasn't getting much out of it as soon as I swapped an application form. Like I only created this recently, and you can see there's already like 160 applications or something in there. And I don't even focus on organic.
Asha Tao: Yeah. You also come from ads and everything.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, yeah. And then just make like. Like. Again, with mine, just delete that. Make sure that the emojis that you use and stuff clearly separate it. Like you want it to be clearly separate, separate. Because it's just like words at the moment, hey. Yeah. Otherwise it's just like, I find, because like this, if I just took a look at this, nothing draws my eye. You know, it's a big caption and I'm looking at all the meat of the caption. Yeah. Whereas obviously there's not much of caption here, but even if there was, this would still stand out. You what mean? Knee to hand and then drop in a CTA.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the other thing, I'm not sure if you do it. When you get a post, you'll see two buttons. You'll see poll and prompt.
Asha Tao: Yeah, I never do poll. Wait, and I never do prompts. I've never done either.
Kyle Musca: So it doesn't work on a laptop to show you, but prompts.
Asha Tao: Do I need to go to like a post?
Kyle Musca: You'll have to post one to do it. But prompt is super important, right? Because prompt will... People take your caption and chuck it at the top of the comment section. So it means every single girl that will comment, which 42, so not a crazy amount of comments.
Asha Tao: Oh, no, that was, if you scroll down, scroll down on that post. No, sorry, on that post.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't show up on computer, that's why. It might be a bit different.
Asha Tao: No, I think that I had like an influx of bots. It was so weird. There was 50 different people writing all really similar, like, it was this like party boy millionaire, some  random  thing. And I was like, what's going on here? And I had to block them all.
Kyle Musca: And I think that was on that post. Oh, okay. Yeah, so I don't know what that is. But, yeah, so the prompt will put it at the top of the comments, which is really important because if not. Like, let's say it's on a phone, the caption will just be down here and people will have to open up the caption to, like, see the entire caption, which they can do, don't get me wrong. But by also having it on the top of the comments, when people go to comment or read through comments, for example, then the CTA will be there.
Asha Tao: Okay. So the prompt is the call to action, yeah?
Kyle Musca: No, so the prompt just puts the entire caption at the top of the comment. So if you go to my most recent post on your phone, and then, yeah, that one I posted yesterday.
Asha Tao: Okay. So that is the caption in the comments, yeah? That's literally all it does.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then see how, when it says, like, see more, and then you open up, see how much the CTA stands out?
Asha Tao: Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Pretty much all Emily needed to do. There's a few other things. But she does, obviously, very similar content style to you. And she just got, like, crazy, crazy, like, lead flow from just doing that.
Asha Tao: who is it again? I think it's the chick I follow.
Kyle Musca: Emily who? Emily Fitzwizer.
Asha Tao: Yeah, that's what I thought it was. So is that what she does with all of her posts now?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So she does a lot through her stories more than anything, actually, which is what I'm about to get to. But I don't think we're going to have time to actually.
Asha Tao: I need help with my stories, okay? They are so bad. Like, engagement-wise on my stories. And I don't know why. Like, I've never bought followers. I've never bought  anything.
Kyle Musca: So it's a story.
Asha Tao: know you.
Kyle Musca: I So. Stories themselves are just  trash. Like, I'm not a huge fan of stories, but like, they're just, you just get way, way lower engagement.
Asha Tao: Yeah. And I used to do all my selling on my stories. Like I'd have my programs, I'd have like my Fitness Bestie, Confident Queen, I'd post that. And I don't do that anymore. So it could be another reason why I'm not getting as many sales, but you know, I'd post it every two, three days and I'd always have people going through and clicking on them. But I feel like my story views when I had 20K followers was better than what it is now. With what, I've got like 60K followers now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, story views just  everyone. They're just, they're just gay. Hopefully they fix it, but let me try and find this.
Asha Tao: days I can get it to like 7,000 views. And most days I sit around 2,000. I'm like, I have 60,000 people in here. And then, you know, I'm friends with Millie. And she's like, yeah, average day is 100K.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, that's just  wild. But obviously she's got like. Yeah, she's got massive.
Asha Tao: But even like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. She's got a million followers or something.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So this is kind of the story CTAs you can do. Right. So I'll show this story to you.
Asha Tao: Yeah. Send me through whatever you want me to.
Kyle Musca: So that's just the. Now, what I would recommend doing for you. Right. Is. What's today? Thursday. So I like to set mine up to two hard CTAs a week. Right. So which basically means the first one is on Sunday to Monday. This is when people are nice and motivated. They usually feel like  after the weekend.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And with this. And especially on this next Monday one coming. I just want you to do one story. So a strategy to. Get your stories to push harder is don't post anything for 24 hours. So let your story completely be like there's nothing on it. Just one photo and then you can't post anything after it, right? Otherwise, it ruins it.
Asha Tao: Yeah, I've noticed that it's huge. Yeah, I love that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then all I want you to do is I'm looking for six women who want to lose eight to 10 kilos over the next 12 to 14 weeks, something like that.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now you can add, you can either add dream outcome or without pain. So you could say like I'm looking for six women looking to lose eight to 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks. Again, I'll let you play around with the tangibles. You can do 90 days. You can do  three months. You play around with it however you want. And then you could do over the next 12 weeks and become your strongest, sexiest self.
Asha Tao: along. Give
Kyle Musca: If that's you, and then again, if that's you, apply below, and then it's just the JotForm link.
Asha Tao: Yeah. Which then gets them, is that where I'm going to be putting in the Calendly link, or that's where I'm just going to be directly reaching out to them?
Kyle Musca: So ideally, they just self-booking. If they self-booking, then fantastic.
Asha Tao: But then if they don't self-booking, then obviously reach out to them. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because the issue with the self-booking is if they don't have a time that suits them, then they can't book. You know what mean?
Asha Tao: And I've noticed a lot of girls have messaged me, and they're like, hey, this doesn't work, this doesn't work. And then I get back to them, and then they just ghost me. And I'm like, fair.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So speed to lead is really, really important there. I would really actively check that, like have that open. Literally, there's been studies done on it. If someone applies and you call them within 60 seconds, they'll increase conversion rates by 400%.
Asha Tao: And if they fill out that form, and then it takes them to the Calendly link, I still get their details.
Kyle Musca: Well, you could do, like, I do it on Monday. Well, you could do it on Sunday. It doesn't really matter. I've always found Sunday does really well when I post one thing. So maybe I'll just try to stick to that. Yeah, go Sunday. It's probably also because, like, a lot of people, you know, other coaches and stuff, they're not working Sunday, so they don't usually do stuff. You know what mean? Like, I found, for example, Christmas period would be really, yeah. Well, I found, for me, like, Christmas period was a really good period for me and my clients because every other coach had sort of just taken the year off. You know what I mean? Oh, no one's going to sign up for coaching anyway, and it's like, mate,  I'm the only option then. So it's like if you're going to get into periods when people aren't working, it's like you just cull out. You don't have any competition because they're not  working. So there's that. Where are at? Yeah, so those are the two hard CTAs. You can do them for the hard CTA on Monday. would definitely just do one story. People do tend to do, like, Emily's really good at doing the, on? a point. point. I don't know. She might have it up now. That as well, as well. But she usually, I'd follow Emily and pay good attention to it.
Asha Tao: Yeah, something like this. I do follow them.
Kyle Musca: Oh, perfect. Yeah, posting heaps of social proof on your stories. So social proof is the number one or one of the most important things when it comes to marketing because you're showing your audience, hey, I was able to do, you know, this for someone else, which means that as long as they're similar to you, I'll be able to help you as well. You know what mean? So same bikini 2.5 months later. is exactly what happens when a girl you're willing to put in the work and execute her plan. Check-ins weekly and learns how to navigate, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So everyone proud of you. Also tagging the client as well because they can reshare it. That then, if they reshare it, that goes to all of their audience. And they're like, oh, my God, this is Emily's. This is Sophia's coach, right? I'm going to apply. Like she got Sophia such great results.
Asha Tao: I'm going to go apply as well. Yeah. I'm still listening. Sorry, my washing is just getting  rained on.
Kyle Musca: No, you're good. So again, more social grief. Also trying to, again, we'll talk about this as weeks go on, but do you have a community with your girls?
Asha Tao: That's one thing. One second. One thing that I have really struggled to maintain and even get my girls to want to be a part of is a community.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we'll talk about this.
Asha Tao: Sorry. What did say?
Kyle Musca: Well, the community we'll talk about in like an actual session. But the community is great to have because, one, it makes them feel like they're a part of something bigger than they are. Two, you can. Start to encourage certain behaviors that start to get, like, everyone starts to get into. So I was the same, like, I was like, I only coach men, men aren't going to talk in a group chat, it's going to be a waste of time. But what I found is all I had to do was do a Monday motivation message for me, a Wednesday win message from one of my coaches and a Friday win message from one of my coaches where they shout out a client. Started off all right, but now, like, the team chat just goes off so  hard that I can't even keep up with it. Like, this will be hundreds and hundreds of messages per day from dudes. So it's like, I'm convinced that if I get a bunch of dudes to conversate in this, if you're a female coach, you can absolutely pump the community if you do all right.
Asha Tao: I know I can do it and I've had really good runs before, but then certain clients leave and it's like they kind of, like, carry the group a little bit when I'm not there. And then, like, it's just, you know, I used to do prizes and I'd send them, like, little, like, velocity gift vouchers. I'll I'll just say, Like elite subs vouchers to try and like keep it all going. And then when I was like, oh, I'm like, I can't even  get this to work with this anymore. Like it's kind of, I have somewhat given up, but I know community is such an important part when it comes to an online business. So I need all the help I can get there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Honestly, I don't kick my clients out if they leave one because I can't be bothered. But like Dan, for example.
Asha Tao: Oh, normally don't either. They just don't  add to it anymore, you know?
Kyle Musca: Oh. Well, like Dan, for example, he's not part of the actual coaching anymore, but he's like a bit of a community moderator anymore. Like sometimes people, like very rarely have only had it twice. But for example, there's an absolute, like the dumbest, literally the dumbest client I've ever had sign up. Couldn't even comprehend booking an onboarding call. And he started getting in here talking . Even though I replied to him straight away, like he was saying the messages were delayed and he messaged the group chat with the coaches. And I replied like literally straight away. And he sent me a message. He's like, oh, you might want to check the group chat and everything. interesting. Um, but like, yeah, if you can get a couple of people in here that like chatting, it just  goes off. Um, cool. Now the other ones, these ones start to get a little bit more manual work, but stories, stickers, and Q&As. I really like Q&As. They're probably the best, um, because Q&As, you can obviously respond publicly, um, but you can message off the back end of them. So I'm not a fan of cold outreach, but if they've engaged with you in some way, shape, or form, it's not what is a form of cold outreach, but it's, you've gotten permission to message them. So it's like, if you say like, what are you struggling with when it comes to your training, nutrition, and you, let's say you do it as a Q&A, girls be like, oh, like I'm struggling so hard finding, you know, meals that fit around ship work. And you can reply to it publicly, but then you can message a girl. And start the conversation. Same with sticker taps or polls, you know, what do you struggle with most? Training, nutrition, whatever the . I mean, hey, I saw you tap through on that. I just thought I'd shoot you a message, see if there's anything I can sort of help you with. Again, that's, you know, COVID. Ruben does that a lot through Millie's and Hattie's account, for example.
Asha Tao: He's really good at that. Yeah, I have. I was doing that a lot at the end of last year and I did get a decent turnout when it came to messages and chatting. And I did like a, I've never done a Black Friday sale before publicly, but I said I was like offering something. And I think I managed to get like 15, 20 sales through messaging from the sticker taps.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So for you, like I, I've got setters, so I'm kind of, I'm pretty lazy now. I'm not going to lie. But for you, like I would just go hard on it. You know what I mean? Like you don't want to be salesy or anything like that by any means, but you know, any kind of access you can get to sort of start conversation. Really, we want to start conversations. Best case, it leads into a client. Worst case, you form a stronger relationship with one of your followers because you've actually taken the time to, you know, communicate with them.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. then obviously educational carousals and stuff like that, or like story carousals, stuff like that, with potentially a CTL on the end of it, depending on what you're doing. So does that all make sense? I would go over that in a little bit more detail, but you should be like, you're already really good with your content. So I don't think I need to really go here.
Asha Tao: Is there anything that you've seen with like stories or reels or any, like any of my posts or anything that you're like, she could be doing better, she shouldn't do this? Or do I just keep doing what I'm doing and just change up like the call to actions and everything?
Kyle Musca: No, I think what you're doing, you're organics as well. That's why I was so surprised with where your coaching is at, because everything content-wise is fantastic. It's just like, you just need to convert, like doing the CTAs. As we've spoken about heavily in this, and then just making it a really easy process for them to apply for coaching.
Asha Tao: Yeah. Like I feel like I've done, Ava said that last year, in the past 12 months, I've been able to bring in 170 or 160K with coaching. And that's no ads, no nothing. So I feel like that's decent. But obviously, I would really love for that to be like triple, triple that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. With your following and your engagement and stuff, like, you know, I mean, the sky's really the limit. But like you easily should have a 500 grand a year business on your hand organically.
Asha Tao: 100%. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, this is the second thing I wanted to get into, but we're definitely not going to have time. But I will send it to you so you can review it. This is essentially the sales script.
Asha Tao: For when they open. I call them, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So how I would do the sales script is you would jump on a video call, like a Zoom call. I would recommend Google Me if you don't have one already.
Asha Tao: Yeah, I got Google Me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So essentially, would do it exactly like this, how I've got it up now. You just wouldn't be sharing a screen. So like when I do it, I don't even look at them. I literally just like look off this. Like, okay, cool. So, you know, I love to just start from scratch and really get a good baseline of where you're at. And one thing I like to say is like, just this call is just to learn a little bit more about yourself and where you're at with things, where you want to go. And like, if I'm even the, you know, guy that's going to be able to help you in the first place, right? Because it sets a real casual tone for the call, right?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I guess we're just, I know we've been chatting a little bit on DMs or whatever you say, but start from scratch. What's your current body weight? Yada, yada, yada, right? This is how, like, just to show you how I would literally do it. So essentially, it's just a voice coming through the screen, right?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, this, when it comes to sales and especially fitness. Sales. We want to get them in their feels as much as possible. We want it to be an emotional sale because I can say to you, I can say to you, I'll help you lose 10 kilos and the package is going to be three months for two grand. And for most people, that's not going to be worth it, right?
Asha Tao: that.
Kyle Musca: I mean, I can lose 10 kilos a month. But I'll help you lose 10 kilos so you can feel more confident to get in your bikini, go down to the beach and enjoy that to the fullest experience. And, you know, I'm used to talking to men. So I'm just going to use a male example because if use a female example, probably. So you can take your shirt off at the beach. So you can go on, start going on dates with women that you're actually attracted to. You can feel more confident in yourself and, you know, X, Y, Z. When you start selling the outcomes. So when it comes to sales, and I already mentioned it's emotional, we want to essentially move them away from a pain point or bring them towards a dream outcome, right? Now, ideally, pain is a stronger driver for humans than a reward is, essentially, than gain. The reason for that is because avoiding pain is a psychological sort of, we've been psychologically programmed to avoid pain. Because back in like caveman days, for example, if I'm absolutely starving and there's like a, you know, dead gazelle out in the middle of the field, right? I'm feeling a lot of pain and the reward is the gazelle. But if I go out and expose myself and I get  up by a lion, right? Like that's not worth it to me. So the pain of thinking of me, you know, possibly getting  up is more of a driving factor than the food that I would obtain, right? Kind of a  example, but does that make sense? So it's like losing 10 kilos to feel more confident is, yeah, to feel more confident. Working in a Bikini is great, but losing 10 kilos so you stop feeling so insecure and closing yourself off from the world is a stronger driving point.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that's what this script really tries to draw out of people. So again, probably cover this a little bit more in next session.
Asha Tao: Are you able to send that to me now?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Asha Tao: So you can start reviewing it. to me now and I'll chuck everything in like a little folder and like just to have it all in there.
Kyle Musca: Now, with this, you can reword it a little bit. Something I really wouldn't recommend doing is rewording it too hard, especially with the direction of the question, because there's certain things and certain words that I use specifically in this to get them in a certain. So, for example, people will say like, you know, what do you think about that? If you say, what do you think about that? That will bring someone immediately into a logistical way of thinking. As you've said, think. How does that make you feel? We want feeling. We want emotion, right?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So it's like, and this also covers like a lot of things. Maybe help me not understand why you might be looking at getting outside help with this instead of trying to figure it out yourself. We're covering the DIY objection. Do it yourself. Because if they answer this, I've tried it, you know, and I keep going through these stop-start cycles and I'm just really sick of it. I can't do it myself. You can't get to the end of the call and be like, oh, I think I'll try it myself first. You know, because they already admit to you why they can't do it themselves.
Asha Tao: They need help. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How long has it been since you last tried to actively lose weight? Again, I'm not going to have time to go through this fully. I'll let you proofread this. And then once we get all the baseline questions out and we get all that pain points, like surface level questions, then we start getting into the emotional side of things. Besides trying to get healthier, trying to get fitter, what are the reasons behind you wanting to lose this weight? You'll also see that there's tonality cues. You'll So when it comes to emotional influence and emotional selling, it's 7% what you say. So the actual words you use, it's 38% how you say it. So the tonality you use, and it's 55% body language and facial expression. So for example, body language and facial expression, if you were sitting like that, I might sit like that. Or you're like that, so I might sit like that. What I'm doing right now is I'm mirroring. So what that's going to do is that's going to put you in a psychological alignment with like each other, if that makes sense.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Subconsciously, right? Does that make sense? Cool. So when it says like slow down concern, it's like, so trying to get a bit fitter. Okay. Okay. I guess besides the obvious of just trying to get like a little bit healthier, trying to get a bit fitter, I guess, what are the reasons, you know, behind you really wanting to lose?
Asha Tao: It's like a little bit annoying for like business and stuff, but she's always on on Friday doing stuff while I'm there. So I'll get her to go over everything. I will start doing the jot form tonight, how we spoke about as well, and set all that up so that, yeah, we can just go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Asha Tao: And get rid of weekends and all that stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think, and you might even want to go over it with Ava and just role play with the script as well. But I think if you change all the organic stuff we spoke about, that should give you the lead flow. And then I would probably try and use that sales script, but just sell what you're currently selling to get confident with it. And then next week we'll go over the sales script and the offer a lot more in depth. And then ideally from that point, you know, maybe you've got a few sales under your bubble as well.
Asha Tao: Yeah, I  hope so. I need it so bad. Um, I think, wait, did I say I had no sales this week?
Kyle Musca: I think so.
Asha Tao: Yeah. No, I did. No, I had, I think I read I had four girls re-sign and I had a new client. think I've had like two new clients and three re-recurring ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Asha Tao: But no calls, sorry. Like no actual like new leads. I mean, I've had leads. I just haven't had anyone like book in calls because I haven't had a  call link there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, would definitely say the lack of leads was just the complexity of the funnel and just there was a lot of leaks in that.
Asha Tao: Yeah. Yeah, I'll get all that set up tonight. But thank you so much. And yeah, if I have any questions, I'll shoot them over. But yeah, if you can just send over the link for this call and then yeah, I'll get stuck into it and see if I can get some sales through.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect. Awesome. All right, well, good luck with that. And if you have any questions, just let me.
Asha Tao: Cool. Thanks, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: No worries.
Asha Tao: Cheers. Bye. I'll see you soon.
Kyle Musca: Bye. Bye.


>>> 94/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-13T04:53:40Z | id:122179339
People: Kyle Musca

Michael: Yeah, good, bro. Yourself?
Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. How's your day been, man?
Michael: It's been all right this morning. It's just   down here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I heard that. Is there a storm or something there?
Michael: Yeah, it was like, it was hot as  yesterday, and then apparently it's supposed to rain for the next five days.
Kyle Musca: Oh, not good, man. Not good. Cool, bro. I'm just logging into Jotfong now. How has this week gone overall, man?
Michael: Not that great, to be honest. It's probably the shitter, shitter week that I've had so far. But yeah, I don't know. Just didn't really like, honestly, didn't really implement much, if any, of what we spoke about last week. Was a bit sick, like earlier in the week, and then I kind of was just like  sleeping and , and I was like, oh, . And then, yeah, nothing kind of happened.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Um.
Michael: This week just passed. I spoke to him about the referral last week. And then, yeah, this week just passed after checking, sent it through to him. And then he texted me just after that and was like, hey, bro, blah, blah, blah. But no, I didn't follow up or didn't need to follow up with him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Beautiful. So that's pretty easy. So, man, we've covered quite a lot of content. You're doing your thing there, which is good. I want to kind of cover something else in this session. Is there anything specifically that you want to run over?
Michael: With the carousels, just quickly, is, like, I know you said last week that it, like, needs to be kind of like a story. Is that supposed to be of me, like, personally, like, me, or?
Kyle Musca: It doesn't have to be. Like, they're good to get across, you know, just to sort of tell your story and help to relate with people a little bit more. But it doesn't necessarily have to be. I would just always think of trying to tell a story. You know what mean? Because if, you know, that's what people, and this is the same with like, you know, anything really. If you can tell a story, stories are memorable. That's why they work. So it's like, if you're trying to persuade someone on something, then telling a story about, you know, maybe how you uncovered it or something like that is a great way of doing it. started gym, yeah. Probably don't know this about me, but yeah, so good. I started gym purely for validation. was swimming kind of, hated being skinny. Perfect. Always been an all or nothing kind of person. So gym bulked from 43 to 90 kilos. Took me a couple of years, of course. In the process, I gained an extreme amount of work. At the point, I might be a man of the road beast. It's through so little pants. Eventually, I came to my sense of the line network. Yep, sick. So, perfect. So, you're getting social proof in there. Awesome, bro. This is perfect. The best part, we're just getting started. I'm educated simply every... Yeah, perfect, bro. Man, good engagement on that. You know, I don't know if you're mates with these people, but good engagement. Yeah. So, happy day today, man. Now, you know, Declan does these well. If I can remember how these things felt. Yeah. This is just a random sequence of, like, photos. You know what mean? This isn't even anything. But you can do that, you know? You can do a , you know... dump or something like that, if you want. You know what I mean?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Other ones like these as well, because this still tells a story. Lowest cows, 94 kilos, more cows, 92 kilos. One week apart, more food, less fat. One of the word gaining, do the opposite of what your body is telling you. If your deficit went well, your body will tell you to eat everything in sight. So, I mean, like, this is still, your body may even tell you to put it. Cool. Good. It's educational, but it's simple.
Michael: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then I would always kind of add at the end of these, it's like, if you, you know, you need a hand, shoot me through a DM, more than happy to have a chat. Something like that. You could apply for coaching, whatever you want to do. But, you know. This is just training day footage.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? This is not something I would really recommend doing, to be honest. Don't know if it did that well for him. Does it show the likes and ?
Michael: I remember I did one of those, like, a while ago, actually. Maybe, like, close to 12 weeks back. And that did, like, 50K.
Kyle Musca: Dude, if it's , if it's worked before, try it. You know what mean? He turned this off, so, like, there's no likes on this, so I assume he turned it off because it didn't do well. Or Instagram just naturally did that. I think it does do that sometimes, I'm sure. But then, you know, something like this as well. Three things I wish I did sooner. Great, because you're showing, again, straight off the bat, one, you're about to educate, but you're showing straight off the bat that, you know, you get your physique out of there, you get your transformation out of it. You know what mean? These are good, like, constantly showing you're knowledgeable, you've got the physique, you've got the clients. You know what mean? Great. I mean, so, for someone like, this is Declan, your coach, hey?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, that's, you know, you already got a coach doing it. Great to replicate it. Another one that does well, Coach Mark Carroll, you know?
Michael: Nah, haven't heard of him.
Kyle Musca: So he does, like, the reaction style as well. He's, like, a little bit older in terms of, like, he, you know, had his sort of time of fame probably, like, 10 years ago with his wife, Lauren Simpson. Like, he coached Lauren Simpson, which I don't know if you know Lauren, but she was kind of like, I guess, Hattie Boydall type thing, right? Like, back in the 2016, kind of that era, she was, like, pretty large. That's her there. her there. there. And And then he ended up being a coach and now he married her and, you know, they're  super wealthy and , whatever. But he goes, like,  hard on these. You know what mean? What you see on my Insta is me by the pool relaxing the summer, but behind the scenes, we're working. Sailor and my animals, but what you don't see is the rest time from work. So if honestly, hey, distractions, love working, you know what mean? Like, a little bit of a plug, you know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm getting the rig out there. This is just rig shots. That's not even a story. This was me seven weeks ago at 78 kilos. Best I've looked. Six months of dieting. This is me now. 86 kilos, eight kilos up in seven weeks. Goal was add some weight. Don't feel eight kilos up. Feel good. People often mock fitness people and look like they're a few days out of the year.
Michael: They're posting old photos. No .
Kyle Musca: Two weeks by shoot. I do. One kilos. The goal is to get really lean. It shouldn't be to stay uncomfortable lean. You get results. You know what mean? And to me, if anyone, you know, knowledgeable read that, I would just be like, you just fully  blew out, brother. You didn't like reverse diet or anything. You shouldn't be eight kilos up in seven weeks. I'm looking so different, but, you know, he's using this to justify. It's okay to put on a bit of size. You know what I mean? Like da-da-da-da-da, right? Yeah. I'm not sure if Cade does do them. think Cade does them. Why not? Yeah. Rating my mum and dad, 10 out of 10. Mum. I mean, this is just like a lifestyle one. Okay, it's good at showing.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also way more with my shirt off. Confidence in myself became booming, directly resulted in more conviction in other areas of my life. It wasn't hard. I started tracking Beware of My Food again, trained four times a week. So it's like, you know, now he's saying it's not that hard to do. just need to do certain basic things. All right. Down to 103 kilos. Now, I hired a coach. Mark's approach drove my mindset  fast. There's nothing revolutionary about the programs of diet. I like to think I know my stuff. But his timing around decision-making, reasoning, mental framing is what we're doing, why, whatever, right? Focused on getting results quickly initially to drive visual changes while energy and food are high. So now he's going into like a little bit of a coaching aspect, right? Didn't focus on anything yada, yada, yada. I'm not reading all that. As I stack weeks on results, I promised myself areas, all areas of life. My business started booming in December being our biggest month. My relationship has improved. I'm self-aware with my time. My work ethic has tripled. I'm sleeping better. All the benefits of what you're going to get when you actually get in shape. Right? All starting with the choice of getting back into shape. Not for any other reason other than I was tired of being fat and making excuses. A lot of people can relate to that. So it's relatable, you know what mean? So let's take this aside. Getting in shape, keeping promises and stuff, doing hard things, doing the things you know you should, will elevate much more than your physique for your whole life. And if you know where to start, how to do it, hire someone to lead you. You know what mean? You know, now it's putting the idea of get a  coach. I've got a coach. You've got a, I've got a coach. Anyone that's serious about getting results gets a  coach. Right? Whether that's me, Lily, Mark, or whatever coach you choose, I don't care. It doesn't matter. Just avoid wankers. You know mean? Now we're trying to come up, you're not salesy. I don't give a  who you choose. But hey, while you're here, you know what mean? Sometimes it just helps having someone in your corner hold your candle and potential, even the roadmap. You know what I mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We should all be feeling confident. should all be doing, do hard things. We should, you know what I mean? Yeah. The only thing I'll change here is add a CTA here. Maybe on this one, like, if you do want a hand, feel free to apply for coaching. If you wanted to, if you wanted to, you can keep it organic. You know what mean? You see how they're going?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, mean, again, same as any other content piece, man. And, like, if you wanted to do them, I would just find people that do do them well and go, essentially, because he, essentially, I would assume just, I don't know if he's talking about Mark Carroll as his coach. I think he probably would. But he's essentially just, he probably just copied exactly what Mark Carroll does.
Michael: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, you know, that looked pretty easy for me to do. I might just go copy what he  did.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? But this is what you're doing as well, so it's good. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that?
Michael: No, that was kind of the only question I had was just like, like if I was supposed to be, or if the carousel was supposed to be kind of centered around like me and like what I experienced. But what you said makes sense. I'm also drafting one at the moment that's like similar to that guy that you sent me that we went through last week, how his ones are more like client, like transformation-based. And I saw that, who's that  guy that does a recipe  where it's like, this one sucks or  or some . Matt, Matt does. He does like similar ones as well. So I've just about finished draft or am about to draft one up like that. And I'll chuck that one out this week as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. So, mean, yeah, they're good. I would just think of, they're great for people to relate to. See your trends. See your physique, see your client results, and get a little bit more, you know, used to like, because obviously Cade's posting a lot of like girlfriend , dudes that love their girlfriend and like, oh yeah, Cade's the  dude, like man, I relate to him, right? Yeah. Cool, bro. So, do you want, do you need any more clarification on content at all?
Michael: Nah, like honestly, this week is probably just about doing the  we spoke about last week that wasn't done this week.
Kyle Musca: The other thing, oh sorry, just on that as well, before I forget, I was going to bring it up before. The other thing I'd really recommend you doing, bro, is getting back into the seven-day free program thing. Do you follow Aaron?
Michael: Yeah, I saw he did one the other day. I actually did one at like the start of the week as well.
Kyle Musca: Oh, perfect. Did you get much out of that?
Michael: Well, I got this one guy out of it this time, or like this week, so send him, or I have sent him some stuff now. He wasn't, like, qualified enough for me to go through the effort of, like, onboarding him and everything. So I've just sent him just, like, a one-off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I would do that. Yeah, perfect. What are, yeah, yeah. I would, again, try and filter through those different ones. One thing I'd also try and do, man, is for your story CTA, I can't remember if we spoke about this last week or not, but just to be sure, is the multi-step ones are good, but I would just do, like, especially on your Monday one, is don't post anything for 24 hours, right? Because what happens is, have we been over this?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I did that on Monday this week, just passed.
Kyle Musca: Anything out of it?
Michael: Not, like, because that was just, I just done, like, the inquiry link off of that. Nothing out of that one.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What was, what did you put on screen? Like, what was your actual text?
Michael: What Let me pull it up.
Kyle Musca: And again, like, there's other ones you can do as well as, like, for the seven-day program thing. I've got an hour gap this afternoon. First person that taps this sticker, I'll give a completely free nutrition audit call or training audit call.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, in that type of .
Michael: Yeah. I'll just send you a screenshot of what was on screen.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I would kind of, and we've briefly touched on this in the past, man, is just, like, I think the biggest sort of, I mean, it's a blessing and a curse at the same time. It's a bit of a curse at the moment for you, but because you're, you're, like, so, because how old are you again?
Michael: 20. 20. 20. 20.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like you're so far ahead of any other 20-year-old man. I didn't start coaching until I was like 22. So it's like if you can have it all set and ready and like have all your foundations and you can be that guy that's just constantly like the man that's known for it as you sort of grow into your mid-20s, even later 20s, if this is something you want to do for a longer period of time, then it's like you're going to be so far ahead of them. So that's something I would also really keep in mind as well, bro. Just because right now, I think what I was going to say is I think that's probably a bit of a, it's an unfixable thing, right? It's just coming down to your age. So I would try and frame yourself as being older than you are, if that makes sense. You know what I mean? Like for me, you know, the beard helps me look older than 25, for example. Right. Naturally, I'm thankful. Once I hit like... 21, think it was, because I had a mad baby face when I was young, like 20, 18, 20, 21. I think it was baby-faced . And it affected me the exact same  way because I did real estate, man. And no one was going to trust a  20-year-old who looked like a  12-year-old to sell the house. So, man, I know how it feels. But I would start looking at ways to sort of like frame yourself as older, you know, speak as if you're older, which you already do in terms of the knowledge base and everything. That's where the tonality is going to come into it. Even just like visual appeal, if there's anything that you can do to try and make yourself kind of look a bit older than you are, if that makes sense.
Michael: Right. So, take that in two ways.
Kyle Musca: Like one is like that, but then also like the future of like, if you can just stay consistent with this by the time you're, you know, 22, 23, 24, 25, 25, it's like, you know, you are going to be so much more established than  anyone else. And things are only going to continue to get better as well. Your physique is going to continue to get better. Your content is going to continue to get better. You've already got great transformations. So by then you're just going have  a ridiculous amount of transformations. You know what mean? And you'll be established as that guy that just everyone, if you position yourself in the market right, as the guy that everyone kind of goes to, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does it make sense?
Michael: Yeah, for sure. I think, yeah, like, I think for me that, like, obviously everyone that I know that does it is older than me. And I think, like, a lot of the time I'm always like, oh, . Like, I feel like I should almost be, like, in line or I should be doing things that gets me more, like, in line with them. But, yeah, like you said, they're obviously quite a bit older than me and probably have been doing it for a bit longer than I have as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but it's also, like, there's a lot of different factors that are playing into this. And there's... Different ways you could view it. And that's why I say it's a blessing and curse because it's like one is the demographic that you're going to resonate with is unfortunately just going to be  broke. Hence why I'm saying like try and, you know, appeal to be older and stuff without obviously going to because I grew a  CD as  beard when I was like, you know, 20, 21 to try and like look older and just looked homeless. So, you know, obviously trying to with it within reason. But then the other thing is like, you know, how much like sort of money are making from coaching on average at the moment?
Michael: Like 8K a month-ish.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, 2,000, 2, 4, 6, 8, yeah, 2, 4, 6, 8, yeah. So, 2,000 a month, 100,000 a year, man. What 20-year-olds make in 100,000 a year from their own self-sustained business? You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you've got to lead subs on the side as well. So, yeah. Yeah, I mean, like it's, you know, you're in a position where you can invest into a coach and you can invest into what we're doing and everything like that to build the foundations and get your mind sort of right. And that's another thing as well, where it's just like, you're investing in yourself so early that that's going to continue to put yourself so far ahead of your competition. Because it's like, people are going to start at, you know, 20, even people that are still ahead of the game, they're only going to start in their early 20s. You know, I started at 22. Most people start at maybe 25, maybe 30 before they even really pick it up. You know, I mean, people don't start till  40, right? That's like you being able to invest in yourself. These are skill sets that you will obtain for the rest of your life. And that is , you know, while you might not get a crazy, well, I mean, you're still getting a crazy return, as we said, for a 20-year-old now. Now, that just continues to compound and pay forever, essentially.
Michael: Yeah. Of course.
Kyle Musca: That's something I, like, I've been through a lot of  mentors and a lot of  courses and stuff, and a lot of them, you know, didn't learn anything from. Sometimes, you know, even I didn't get an immediate return there and then, whether it was directly or indirectly, what I learned, whether it was indirectly or directly, has continued to pay, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, cool. So, yeah, the content, like, because if you're doing your content now, bro, and you are probably appealing to, like, an older demographic of people that actually did have money to invest into a coach, it's like you would be, you know, doing even way better than you are now, if that makes sense. And I think the only thing that would actually change there is just the age. Now, you've got the content dialed, and I think it's just about executing what we spoke about last week.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That is, are you the one to run through you, the sales? Sales process and just really refining your sales skill. Or we could potentially look at something to do with, you know, a system in your business. Which would you prefer?
Michael: Probably more so like system-based stuff, I think. At the moment, anyway, from the sales calls that I have done, like I've been pretty sweet with it so far. Like no issues have kind of arisen just yet from that. Obviously, except for the other week, I  let the guy off the phone. But yeah, other than that, like I haven't really had any issues with it. So probably more so like something system-based.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What, okay, so what do you feel like you need help with most in terms of the back-end system of your business?
Michael: I think it's a good question, actually.
Kyle Musca: What do you feel like could be improved?
Michael: I think... think... Um, I was going to say, I was going to say like client retention, but to be honest, my client retention is pretty decent. The only people that leave, leave because they didn't do anything in the first place and didn't see the results from the get-go in the first place. Um, and then obviously to them, it doesn't seem worth it anymore to continue. And so then they drop off. Um, and then, yeah, that obviously comes back down to the fact that I just appeal to slightly younger people. I like, I don't know if I can really pinpoint anything off the top of my head right now that is like needs work. I think I'm not busy enough where these things are like standout issues for me just yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, and that's a good thing, man, because, you know. then, then, yeah. So, So, As the saying goes, more money, more problems, right?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, realistically, correct me if I'm wrong, you seem to, like, live a pretty stress-free lifestyle. So, again, you're making $100,000 a year, no real overheads on that, plus the elite supplement stuff. Relatively stress-free. It's not like you're  constantly freaking out about all these different things going wrong in your business and getting all these  complaints and, like, your employees aren't doing their  job and all that stuff, right? But, so, what, we've been through the roadmap and everything like that before?
Michael: Like, client roadmap?
Kyle Musca: The actual document and everything you fill out with them?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, with, like, their weeks and stuff laid out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, have you been implementing that?
Michael: Yeah, well, I haven't needed to just yet, but I am doing, like, what we said. I think I had the last week or the week before talking about doing, like, calls with clients every so often, even if their check-ins are just on loan.
Kyle Musca: You know what? You know what we could look at doing is, do you have a community chat for your clients?
Michael: Like a group chat?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is it pumping?
Michael: No.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we need to get that bad boy pumping because what that allows you to do, one, we've already spoken about this, it allows them to feel like they're bigger than something, bigger than themselves and you. They're actually part of community, right? That's when you get, like, you want cult-y people, like people that just love everything that you do, everything you put out, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So what I would do there is you kind of have to be the driver of starting that. So one, I would map out three different points per week where you can start dropping into that chat and starting to get people really used to chatting in it. So one, again, this is what I want you to kind of focus on this week, is one, focus on what those three things are. Now, again, With my community right now is getting them to tag me on their social medias. And I think that this would be really good for you is because essentially when you get someone to tag you on their social media, you're getting them to promote you to all of their followers. And like, this is something I've been working towards and like, I've got guys pretty much tagging me daily at this point in time. You know what Yeah. So that's, yeah, that's what I would start to, and what you may even want to do there is like, I'm going to be running a challenge for, you know, maybe let's just say March, for example, because you kind of want timeframes for it. I'm going to running a challenge. Whoever posts and tags me the most, like I love seeing you guys post and tag me, or I've been seeing quite a lot of you post and tag me recently. I've been absolutely loving seeing all your progress and everything like that. So in light of that, I'm going to do like a little content challenge. And the reason I've decided to do this is because... is Publicly posting that you're on this journey is not only a great way to keep yourself accountability, but it's a great way to, you know, feel rewarded for your work. You when people see that you're putting in the work, people see that you're getting the results, it's a great feeling, right? Something like that. You have to justify what you're saying without saying, like, I want you to market my business.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So what we're going to do is, whoever, I'm going to do a challenge, whoever tags me the most, whether it be like their training, maybe it's a rig shot, whatever the . Maybe they've gone for a run and it's their Strava, whatever, right? Maybe, whatever, I'll leave that up to you. I'm going to give like two weeks of coaching absolutely free to.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Something like that. Because then you're not even outlining anything. You're just, you know, charging someone for two weeks.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you might do these like mini... Challenges, for example.
Michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I would start getting really used to is do you have an onboarding message or anything like that when a client does sign up?
Michael: Not really. I've got like an onboarding, like a pre-recorded video, but that kind of just runs people through like, because they get sent an email from Kahunas to create their  password and account. And it just runs people through how to get from that email onto the app and like where everything is on the app. That's kind of the only thing I have at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Do you have a team? Let me find one. Yeah. Okay. So what I'll do is I'd have like a message template. So I literally just copy and paste this every time a client signs up once I create their group chat. Okay. Do you have a contract or anything you get them to sign?
Michael: Nah, not like not external of NUI.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, you use Kahuna, say.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So do they have to input their height, their weight, and their stuff inside Kahuna? So do you have a separate form? What does that look like? Yeah.
Michael: The onboarding form is through Kahuna. So they input all their details there. And then that like automatically will add their stats and stuff to their profile.
Kyle Musca: Does that save a lot of time?
Michael: For me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Michael: If I didn't do that, would just have to, I would have to message them and be like, hey, bro, like what's your height, weight, et cetera. Because yeah, ask them like height, weight, how many days a week they train at the moment, what their current diet looks like, what foods they enjoy, what foods they don't enjoy. Like, Like, oh. All that sort of stuff.
Kyle Musca: Oh, and that just automatically. Okay. I mean, you could probably set up a ZAP. Okay. So have we spoken about the accountability contracting? I mean, you could have a separate thing, I guess.
Michael: No, we haven't.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So this is basically my contract. Now, they sign it when they  join my app anyway. They have to e-sign it anyway, same as Newey, right?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that means  all in the grand scheme of things because it's not an actual physical SIGZEN shop. And you won't deal with it too much because you're dealing with a lot of like organic leads and stuff, which are usually pretty stress-free clients. But it's good to have this, you know, again, it's just a system you might as well have in place now. So basically, I have this as an accountability form, but it's my contract at the same time. So what I was going to say is you could sort of form it as this as being your onboarding community. Excellent. Um, your onboarding form where you ask their height, their age, their weight, and all that, all that  in it. But if you're already doing that, who knows, it doesn't make sense. So you might want to do it exactly how I do it, where it's purely an accountability form, right? Basically, what we're saying is like, get your name, your date of birth, your email, your address, right? That's an important one for what we're going to do in the future. I'll show you in a second. Uh, made roadblocks, main health mindset goals, main physique goals, main fitness performance goals. Why now? Um, what's your personal promise? Again, you don't have to have all of these. can chop and change it however you see fit. Um, what times are going to be training, uh, through the week? Any notes regarding your goals? What I might actually do this is edit this with you because that should be. No, thank you. Again, I don't want this to be too frictionless. I haven't had any issues with anyone signing it, but I'm just going to  edit it anyway. Get rid of that. Get rid of that. don't want that in there. Get rid of that. So the reason I'm doing that is because I don't actually  check this. Plus, they fill out in my actual app. So cool. So it's just all more so accountability. Nice and easy to fill out. And then program agreement. So this basically gets them to say, you know, six-month gold package or whatever you say. And then what I'll show you is I'll show you the actual reviewed version. So this is how it looks on their end. Program package, you know, six-month. So it's like the gold package, program duration, signature. anymore care all some Take Bye they e-sign, right? And then they'll click let's transform. But then what's here is if it's collapsed there, but if you drop down, then that's my entire contract.
Michael: Right.
Kyle Musca: Right, which means that I've got them to actually physically sign my contract.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's something I would add in. Do you use drop form?
Michael: Nah, not at the moment. And I think at the moment my form's on tally.
Kyle Musca: I'm sure you could probably do it on tally as long as it's a regular form thing. Yeah. I'll send you my... I'll send you that just so you can review it.
Michael: Now... Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What the was that? Oh. The other one is... Now the other one is this. So this is where you... I had your video basically showing them how to navigate the app, set everything up, yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda, so they can easily find it. And then this is my third one, join our VIP members group chat, introduce yourself. So when you're on the onboarding call, I'd say, I'd explain what each one of these are. And then on the third one, I'd be like, and the third one's just a link to join the team chat, right? Make sure just to introduce yourself, know, let them know a little bit about you, you know, where you're from, what your goals are. This is just a good way to break the ice and get used to conversating in this chat, right? Because again, you want to set the tone straight away that people will message. And then, you know, when we come through to MindMan, you know, it pops off, bro. Like so many people  message through this. You know, I got people saying that, like announcing that their baby's  on the way, you know, dropping in their meal prep and Like do that. I would highly recommend doing that while you've got the time in because like for me, I would love to  sit down and bang out heaps of educational series and  masterclasses and all these different . My biggest problem is  finding the actual time to be able to do it. You know what mean? Like write it and tweak it and do it and everything. You know what mean? So it's like for me, for example, I created my PDF program. It was the first thing I ever did before I even started coaching when I was at the UFC gym. I still literally, I don't think, yeah, I still literally use the program from that in my current eBooks today.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I've given them away that for free for thousands of people.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? So while you've got the time, like I would build all that  out.
Michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then what I was going to say is like with my missus, for example, we were chatting about her building out like a mini series. what say mini series. And And And On explaining how girls can actually create content. like showing them how, like how I've showed you to create different types of content and everything like that. Like simple, like little reaction styles, not reaction style stuff, like trendy audio stuff, just simple . It's not like that you wanting them to go viral in terms of, you know, growing coaching business, for example, but like just the simple, like trendy reels and all that stuff, maybe how to edit it and edits and basically just showing them how to do that. Because if you get someone who's , you know, comes across and especially if it's a girl or something like that, like let's say that Lara chick that we saw the other week, and you can kind of encourage her to start making trendy reels and tagging you as the coach and everything like that. It's like, man, she's marketing your business for you. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: You know who I've seen do this well, and this works really, really well if you get, especially if you become, and this is why I say like in future as well, if you can continue, you know, growing and becoming the authority. People like George do this well. George actually, in my opinion, leaves so much  money on the table because he doesn't do it. He does this well, but he could definitely extract a lot more out of it. But he's constantly showcasing these girls. Sky's posting him. This girl has probably hundreds of thousands of followers. You know what mean? Like, he's got huge, huge audience just based off because he doesn't have a big following at all. His content doesn't do that well from the last time I sort of spoke. But if Sky tags him, obviously, it does  super well. You know what mean? Yeah. Someone who's doing this even very well recently as well. I don't know if you know. Do you know Jake?
Michael: I don't know. I think I've seen him before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, he's someone I work with as well. And he's, you know, getting it. Into more and more posting his clients. Now, Chloe's posting it. You know what I mean? Tagging and posting. I don't know who Chloe is, but you know what I mean? Like collaborating with your  clients.
Michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And this is something, this is affiliate marketing as well. So it's like, if you can get someone who does have, like, do you know any girls with a good following? Like, you know them personally? To a degree? You don't have to be  great friends with them, but you just have, you know.
Michael: Yeah, probably if I sat down to actually think about it, I'd think of a few.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could reach out to them and be like, hey, I will coach you for free. To start with, I didn't say, I will coach you for free if you, and I wouldn't go straight in for the kill with this and was messing about the blue.
Michael: Like, I'll start a conversation first.
Kyle Musca: They're like, hey, you know, completely okay if not. But I was actually looking at bringing on, you know, someone to basically, you know, I'll coach you for free. And in return, if you just make a bit of content, tag me as your coach a couple times a week. Then I'll coach you for free.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? Because again, another one, you know, come glutes with Chloe. And he's continuing to build and build and build. And he's getting even, you know, other girls, like he had another client with over 100,000 followers that he's just started working with. And then another girl with like almost 100,000 followers. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Constantly, and he's working. You know what mean? And when you come onto his thing, man, you can definitely see he's a coach and he works with women.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Without a doubt. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Someone who also does this well is Nate Hoffman. You know who he is?
Michael: Yeah, I've seen his stuff before.
Kyle Musca: He's the same, bro. Like he just gets  tag. Tag. I mean? mean? You You You Dag. Dag. Dag. Dag. You know what I mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's like, from that alone, bro, I don't know how many followers these girls have, but like, that's such a, if you can get, and it doesn't even matter if they have a massive following or not, because if you can get, you know, these girls, if they, like, sometimes they'll be influencers with, like, tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousands of followers who  convert like . You can affiliate with them, they won't convert at all, because it'll be like, you know, this girl, for example, who's shaking her  on camera, right? Just as an example, right? It's just not very, like, very value-driven content, but you can have some girls that have, like, maybe 2,000 3,000 followers, but everyone she knows personally, their friends, family members, whatever, girls that look up to her, maybe, whatever. And they can bring you in. Like  10 times more clients than the girls with hundreds of thousands of followers.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like if we have a look at C post. And this is a , that was a collab post, but 34,000 followers, man. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I was going to see if she tagged him there. So affiliate marketing will also do really, really well for you, but you need to create a community where this happens. Because now girls would go to, you know, Nate, knowing that this is the norm. Tag, you know, take a gym selfie and tag my coach. I've got a coach. I'm better than you.
Michael: Ha ha.
Kyle Musca: You know mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and then again, it just continues going. Continues. He's gone. It's just tag, tag, tag, tag, tag, tag, tag.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, he has built a really good community where the norm is to post social media and tag him.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I guarantee you, off that alone, he would  kill it. Because he doesn't post much content. Like, he's got a great physique. I don't even know this guy personally. But he's got a great physique and everything. But he's not really, like, that's all he ever posts.
Michael: Everything else is just his girls. Yeah, like other people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And again, this is where, this is where you, if you, again, if you had, like, maybe a content series or something like that. I mean, he's obviously gotten to the point where these girls already know how to post and, you know, do all this  and they're just tagging him.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But you don't have that luxury because you haven't got to that point. So what you need to do is create creators, essentially. Why? What's your요?
Michael: you Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Obviously, girls work better because girls love posting that  compared to men. Still, you know what I mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. Yeah, cool. Any questions on that?
Michael: Nah, that makes sense. So you're just like, like, the post is a collab post with them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah,  I don't know. Man, if you do a, if you do a trans, if you get a great transformation or something out of it, I would be like to your client, hey, man, can you send me, like, all the photos you have? I'd love to do a collaboration post with you and basically showcase your  awesome journey.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And again, do a carousel where you tell a bit of a story.
Michael: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And this goes straight on, you're posting for them at that point.
Michael: They don't even have to  do anything besides just accept it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's. That's. Something I'd work on is building a community as well. But again, just coming down to execution, man, like, yeah, you've got the time. would definitely build that, start building an educational series because you love to educate. That's where you're going to thrive. Build out a community so you can start changing cultural norms inside your community.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Maybe not cultural norms, but just norms inside your community.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Any questions on any of that stuff, man?
Michael: Nah, bro. I think I'm pretty set. Yeah, this plus, obviously, what we spoke about last week, I think I'll have a lot to do this week for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome, man. All right, bro. Well, if you get stuck, just let me know. Otherwise, yeah, feel free to keep sending me through content, stuff to review as well.
Michael: Of course. Easy as.
Kyle Musca: Thank you, bro. Nice, man. All right. Enjoy your weekend, bro, and I'll chat to you soon.
Michael: Easy. See ya.
Kyle Musca: See ya. Bye.


>>> 95/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-13T05:55:01Z | id:122182099
People: Kyle Musca

josiah narkowicz: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: How going?
josiah narkowicz: Yo.
Kyle Musca: What's going on, man?
josiah narkowicz: What's up, bro? Just had a full day of clients.
Kyle Musca: And, yeah, I've been back-to-back since 5 a.m.
josiah narkowicz: today without a break. So, yeah, bro. It's a night.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, bro. Well, man, in that case, to be honest, I don't reckon our call will go, like, crazy long just because it really just comes down to, like, kind of executing on what we've been speaking about up until this point, which seems like we've definitely sort of picked up over the last day or so. So, we'll go through the job form real quick. Anything that you want to... You touch base on specifically?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, so a few things with the content and just getting on top of like the whole system as a whole, I guess, maybe the actual cadence of what I'm doing because I'm still like a little bit like what do I post in terms of is it all reaction videos? Is it all the talking videos? Is it the educational ones? So, you know, for the moment, I think the talking ones, I like those. They seem to be the easiest ones. They get a lot of engagement. The reaction ones, I like those. But, yeah, I want to find out what would your recommendation be of the cadence each week? So, is it like one-on-one-off or one of each a day? And then just looking at a... Some of my last posts and just picking those apart a little bit too.
Kyle Musca: That would be helpful. Yep. Yeah, definitely. Okay. So we'll loop back around to that for sure. So we'll come to your check-in form. So overall, man, five calls booked this week.
josiah narkowicz: You've taken four. Do you have one left or? Ones for next week.
Kyle Musca: Okay. 60% close rate, which is fantastic through those clients. Where, um, where are these calls coming from?
josiah narkowicz: None from, I did, none from Instagram. So I went back to the old faithful. I went back to Bark and I went back to, to one flare as well. But bro, even one  day on that, I went on it on one day, booked all those calls and got those clients just from one day of being on it. So I definitely, I think I should. should. Be on like, cause sometimes it can be so good, you know, like I only spent $300 to acquire all those leads and, you know, almost 10 grand worth of contracted revenue from that $300, which is pretty  elite. But then sometimes it's like, sometimes it's . So I think I should, I think I should keep it on in the meantime, for sure. And just keep looking at that, but yeah, the crickets from the Instagram at the moment. And obviously, you know, we  know why that is.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. So, yeah, I think like Bach seems to be all right. It just seems to be like a bit unreliable. so it's definitely like a card to play. It's just like, we don't want to be relying on our main card.
josiah narkowicz: No,  no, bro. I don't want to rely on that .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But like between, you know, the gym floor, especially if can get the Instagram cranking and bark, it's like, cool, you've got three good avenues of client lead flow. Did you end up doing anything with, you know, the outreach that we spoke about last week with the phones and everything in terms of the magic hat?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it's been a bit of a delay on that because they only, like the leads aren't in the system yet because they were backlogging all the leads. For this special sale. So there's a one-day sale that they had on, I think it was Tuesday or Wednesday. And because they're backlogged all of those sales, they've been waiting until, well, today and yesterday to upload them all to the system. And they don't come through for a good, like, 24 hours, 48 hours. So they'll become available tomorrow. So I'm going to go into the gym tomorrow. Tomorrow and do a few hours of calling and they'll be all like literally over 150 new members that signed up that no other PT will have touched. And they're fresh like literally that week. So I'd be surprised if I didn't book in 20 consultations, honestly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. The biggest thing on that is just like the execution, the follow-through of it. So it's like, if it's tomorrow, it's like no distractions, no nothing tomorrow. It's like, that is the, again, one task that needs to be done for the day. That is it.
josiah narkowicz: I know. Yeah. Because if I'm dialed in, if I'm in a mood and I'm dialed in, I can  execute on it. um, but tomorrow I've blocked it out. I've got new thing. I've got a gym. I've Session with a mate in the morning, and then I've got 8 till 11 locked out on the Saturdays. So I'm going to call everyone twice. I'm going to use a mixture of the scripts. I'm going to leave everyone a message as well. So there will be follow-ups on the back end of that as well next week, people that didn't answer. Like on the Monday, they might be busy on the Saturday. So I'll call them Monday as well. And, you know, I'm hoping for at least 20 consults and at least seven new clients from all of that. I think that's pretty realistic. Could even be more. Could hit the jackpot, you know. So we'll see.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would leave a message. If you call them twice in a row, they don't pick up, I would leave a message, a text. I'd be careful about how you phrase it. So, again, off the top of my head. head. I would probably be like, you know, hey, Michael, it's Josiah from any time. Mate, you got a moment for a quick call just in regards to your membership? You know what mean? So something like, you know, maybe something's wrong with the membership or they need like further clarification or something like that. Just so they, you know, get back to you. Because if you say, hey, it's Josiah, it's a PT from, you know, any time. It's like, as soon as you say that, like, if I read that, I'd be like, this kid's going to try and sell me.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. No, facts. Yeah. Yeah. You're always going to have the people that, that don't want PT, but I guess the people that.
Kyle Musca: Even that, it's just like, it immediately put them into, there's a sale coming. Like, they might want a PT, but be like, ah, like,  it. Nah, I don't want to be sold to. You know what mean? Because people just don't want to be sold to even if they want to be sold to.
josiah narkowicz: You got to lower that resistance down early.
Kyle Musca: Just be vague. You know what mean? I mean, Josiah, from any time, mate, got to, did you have a quick moment to chat about your membership?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, with the messages, you mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's all, it's called, it's called, it's technically a nine-word email, but it's just a, it's just a kind of a vague sort of thing that opens up, like allows for the conversation to start.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Perfect.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Okay, so yeah, we should ideally get some good numbers out of that, which would be fantastic.
josiah narkowicz: So that's my goal with the gym, just to squeeze as much out of I can, of that, like all the start of the year members, and then, yeah, I'll run another strategy pretty much straight after that. So another magic hat strategy with like a six-week, six-week free PT transformation. care. Yeah. So that'll be another magic hat pretty much straight after it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would probably reduce it from six. I wouldn't do anything more than four because anything hits it, will you go?
josiah narkowicz: Well, low-key, no one's going to win. Some random with a made-up name will probably win.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, that's fine. The reason I wouldn't do anything more than four is because, one, it's just a long sales process. You want to get paid sooner or later. And, two, it's like when you do these mini-challenges, it's like their motivation will drop pretty significantly after week three and four.
josiah narkowicz: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like they should be emotionally high at week three and four. And that's a great time to upsell them. Anything beyond that, they might get lazy, drop off, whatever the .
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay. I'll keep that in mind then.
Kyle Musca: Now, this is something I have tested yet. It's take is a grain salt. You can You obviously play it how you want to play it, is I'm going to run, like for me, for example, I'm run a $27 four-week offer, right? So essentially the same thing, but I'm just going to be like, cool, mate, what we'll do is we'll jump on an onboarding call, and then it's just straight into a closed call, straight off the bat, and then be like, cool. Well, obviously, you know, and chat to them and everything like that, and be like, brother, you know, from everything you've told me, man, like you sound pretty serious about goals, because they tell you that you need to lose 10, 20 kilos. It's like, obviously, you're going need more than  three weeks, four weeks to do this. Man, everything you've told me, like it sounds like, you know, working directly with a coach would probably be the best route, because you're going to need more than like three weeks to get this job done. Have you ever thought about like potentially working with a coach directly? They'll say yes, no, but like, look, what I can do for you, man, is I know you came in to do the challenge, and again, you've obviously got to refine the offer here, but what I'm going to say is you came here to do this challenge. If you take me up on this right now, I will give you a full month of coaching. Like direct one-to-one coaching, extra, absolutely free. So they're getting 10 times the amount of value from what they initially came in anyway.
josiah narkowicz: Okay. So it's pretty much the same offer, except it's kind of like a Trojan horse sales call, onboarding call, where you're trying to upsell them there. And you're giving them also an extra layer of value by giving them a free month of coaching attached to it. So adding a little bit of spice into the mix there for them.
Kyle Musca: So it's called the decoy offer because you get them in on this like, yeah, either really low ticket or free thing. So you just get all the people to raise their hands. And then you basically get on the call and be like, oh, to be honest, man, like I kind of just made that for like people that just want to sort of  around in the gym. And they just want to feel like they have a little bit of structure. But from what you've told me, man, you've got 15 kilos to lose. It's obviously going to take a lot longer than just three weeks. And you do seem quite serious about actually getting these results. So, I mean, it is completely up to you. But have you ever thought about potentially just working with a coach to actually get the best results possible? Oh, yeah, I've thought about it. Look, yeah, completely understand, man. I know you came for that challenge. I think – I know you came from that challenge. So what I can do, man, is – and then you go into the close. And essentially, you just say, to make up for the four weeks of that challenge, what I'll do is I'll give you a completely free uptake. So I'll give you an entire month of one-to-one coaching absolutely free for you. Yeah, okay. Obviously, they have to pay now, but they get the free month on the back end.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So they're obviously not getting the free month at the start of the coaching at the end. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then what you do, like, they're like, no, I want to do the challenge, whatever. Like, yeah, like, you know, I want to try an injection handle, depending. But then, like, no stress. And then. And like week three, for example, you're like, hey, bro, let's jump on a bit of a check-in call and see how you're going with the challenge. And then again, you just resell them and be like, well, mate, you know, you've actually, you know, I'm excited to announce you actually won second place, which means that you get a $500 voucher you put straight towards one of my coaching packages. So instead, like, you know, you might even want to charge for the month and just packages, you get a free month extra. And that way, when week three comes around, you're now, it's the same thing, you're just reducing about 500 bucks.
josiah narkowicz: It's just a mini re-sign process.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just a restructuring of it. Because like, let's say you charge, let's say, four grand for  six months, right? Let's say off the top of the head, first one. And then week three, one, it's like, well, because you've won this voucher, it actually bring it down to $3,500 and you get the entire six months. Because technically, if they took that first offer, they'd be paying for seven months and you'd be giving them seven months of coaching. Whereas the second offer is just the pure six months.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Oh yeah, I want to put this in some sort of structure or do you have a little sheet that shows the flow of this or can we put this in the notes?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it should be recorded, but it's pretty simple. Like in essence, I would run the challenge, onboarding call. The onboarding call is an upsell call straight away. See if they buy it, if they take it, if they don't take it, put them through the challenge. And then probably on like week three, because that's when they should be emotionally high. They should have had a win or something by then. That's when you essentially just jump on a check-in call and then resell them. And then a magic hat them. It's a pretty simple process.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, resell them on the check-in call. And then obviously, hey, on that check-in call or like, you know, what do you say? The decoy sales call. You're basically saying, hey, here's a $500 voucher. You can.
Kyle Musca: The other issue I don't like with running the challenges, besides it's a slow sale cycle, is that if you get a fat , they've probably fallen off by that point in time. I mean, like, so you never even get the chance to sell them. So it's like, you may even want to think of a bit of a safeguard because a bit of a wild card is like, you can't say, hey, you've won a wild card. But the, you know, the magic hat works well if you say you've won second place. And as long as they've sort of made any progress, then you can kind of do that. But if they've made, like, if they've done  all, then you've got to kind of come up with a different reason why you're giving them a voucher to do it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Or you might, you know, I mean, at that point, because you can't really say, like, you know, your best bet is going to say wild cards. You might as well say, look, look, mate, just because you've been through the challenge, you actually get a $5 voucher you can put straight towards coaching. So it's. Instead of a magic hat, it's just because you've been through the challenge.
josiah narkowicz: So it's just a little restructure of the original magic hat, but adding in an extra little resale check-in call at week three, and then obviously the voucher as well. Okay. Yeah, because the magic hat will work well if they've, you know, if they won second prize.
Kyle Musca: So that's, it's essentially a magic hat, but for second place. So maybe the first place gets an entire three months of coaching, you know, is what you could say. Whereas second place wins a $500 voucher towards coaching. But if they've done  all, then it's like, well, you haven't, I can't say you've won something because of the effort you put in, because you haven't put any effort in. But just because you've been through the challenge, brother, I'll give you $500 towards coaching. And trust me, brother, you need it.
josiah narkowicz: The original one I've done, which seemed to book a fair few consults in, was just, it wasn't even. So.
Kyle Musca: I mean, both would work. I think the challenge would work better simply because, one, you have more touch points with them. And two, you actually give them something of value that they can follow. So it will trigger the rule of reciprocity. Whereas when you just do a giveaway, then it's just a giveaway.
josiah narkowicz: And the other, the third one was like, with my original one, it was that they don't think it, they don't really value it because he's like, oh yeah, he's giving it to  20 people.
Kyle Musca: That's the other thing, yeah. If you're going to do it, say like, what?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you're going to do it, I would reduce the number to like five people. First five people that book in here get a free onboarding, whatever the  phrase it as. But I would, again, like these things work well because of the scarcity and urgency behind them. You know, that's why it works really well if you call someone up and say, hey, you've won second prize. Because it's like, oh , I feel like I've won. You know what I mean? You need to take it now. There's urgency to take it now.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, scarcity is in like no one else gets this offer. have one. Again, it's a little bit harder when you get some fat  that didn't actually do anything because it's like, well, they probably don't have heaps of urgency and you can't really use the scarcity. But again, the flip side of that is like they struggled because they didn't have someone there working with them one-to-one to keep them accountable. So it's like they do need a  coach. And they've just proven that even with structure, they're not going to do it on their own.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, so is that the same as the – so that message that we were working on, that script, where it says, hey, Joe, just so I hear from Anytime Fitness, mate, saw you recently joined up. We've had 200-plus members join this month and we ran a draw for $500 coaching voucher and your name popped up. So are you keen to collect on that one? I can run you through what's involved. Do you like that still? Do Or would you change something?
Kyle Musca: No. The Magic Hat is always just a slightly different reworded version of that to suit whatever you're offering. So it's like it would be that. I wouldn't even like I wouldn't send this text. So, for example, if get to week three, I wouldn't send it and be like, hey, you've won second place. It's a $500 voucher because you get caught potentially being left on red. I would say like just add more value. Like it's week three, make sure you're booking your check-in call. You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So are we able to work on a little script for that? Because these leads that I'm going to be calling once I get access to them tomorrow, you're telling me that I won't necessarily be using this script.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no, that one you will. Yeah, that one we will. Like, hey, you know, Michael, mate, I saw you joined on that. We'll You know, either in the last month or on that special offer we ran on Tuesday. You know, again, just general  intro, however you intro call. Mate, well, we've got even better news for you. What I did is I randomly put everyone's name that joined that. There was over 150 people that joined on that sale. And, mate, it must be your lucky day because you've won a $5 coaching voucher straight towards coaching. If you're to collect on that, just let me know, man. I'm more than happy to run through the next steps.
josiah narkowicz: And then in space, getting him in on the onboarding call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And they'd be like, awesome, bro. Well, I'd love to just, like, you know, learn a little bit more about yourself. And then that's basically where you'd set them. You know what I mean? Like, you know, what's your current goals? What's your weight? You know, what are you struggling with? What do you do for work, by the way? Oh, yeah. Nice. Yeah, cool. All right, sick, bro. Well, I couldn't do it right now, but how about we line up a bit of a time, maybe whether you want to do a call or they come in, up to you, where we'll sit down and we'll sort of map things out properly.
josiah narkowicz: Perfect. So this isn't the challenge per se.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. So do your thing tomorrow. Magic, just straight magic had it tomorrow. Hey, you've randomly won out of the people that joined sale. And then like, you know, next offer will be the challenge. If you're going to put that together, depending on when you want to do that. Do you have a timeframe when you want to launch that?
josiah narkowicz: The, the challenge. So. Yeah, maybe around, I don't know, maybe around Easter.
Kyle Musca: When's Easter?
josiah narkowicz: It's April.
Kyle Musca: No, no, no, no. I would, because that's when you could probably do an Easter giveaway, for example, and you just do what you want.
josiah narkowicz: I would recommend strategically we could place something, but at the end of the day, it's always good, just fresh month, know what mean?
Kyle Musca: March Madness, four-week March Madness challenge.
josiah narkowicz: I can obviously run this online as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%, if you pump content.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Well, even my engagement's good, like I hadn't posted for  all, and then like the talking head one I got, it's already up to 80 likes, 7 shares, that was just me talking in the car, and then my other one got 25 shares, 50 likes, after not posting for , like all month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I find, I don't know if they've changed it recently, maybe they reward frequency, I did actually Get a, like a  reward or something where it said like, congratulations, you posted to 57 weeks in a row. So they must do track frequency to some degree. But I noticed that like when, if I don't post, I didn't post for like Thursday, Friday, and then Saturday, Sunday this week. And then, wait, did it? I don't know. But like, I noticed when, if I like didn't post as frequently, like my views went down. But what I think is probably happening from that is that because if Instagram starts seeing that someone's engaging with your content, whether they're a follower or a non-follower, then it will show you, it will keep showing you more of them, more of your content. And it's like, if you just don't have any of that content, you can very easily start to fall into, well, this person's not engaging with this person. We won't show them their content. So like, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: All right. Well, I feel pretty across tomorrow and how we're going to do the messages and the. How are we going to kind of relay the initial call script and get them booked in? It was just that initial part I needed help with. Once they're on the onboarding call, I can easily resell them once they're in, you know, actually at the gym. But, yeah, they're basically an online client at that point because I'll only do two or three face-to-face sessions initially with the kind of, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Adding that as a bonus, I would say.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. I've already changed my, I've already, like, changed and memorized my sale scripts to, like, match that. And so I know, so I can flow effortlessly on the, in the actual consultation. So I'm confident about the sales process, which is good. Just that initial of how to kind of, you know, the vehicle of how to get it there.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. What I would do as well. well. Tomorrow for you, obviously, you're going know how you operate, but if that was me, sitting down from 8 to 11, I would train, and then I would just  get highly caffeinated and just  have fun banging out calls, you know what I mean? Yeah, same as content, if you go into the mindset of, like, , this is going to be, you know, torture, this is to be a  drag, it's like, you're going to be on the call, hey, Michael, how you going, man, it's just I from  Anytime Fitness, you know what mean? And, like, if you're like, Michael, man, how you going,  enjoying your Saturday? Yeah, good, mate, it's about to get a whole lot better, brother.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. I used to trade up bully  on the phone, bro.
Kyle Musca: I think it's probably why, again, you do effortlessly kind of make sales is because you kind of, you know, it's kind of like you want to be likable, but you don't want to be their friend. You want to kind of, like, call them out in that . You want to kind of say things that will, you know, not piss them off, but, like, slap them in the face a little bit. Um... For example, if someone's like, oh, can you send me that through on an email so I can read over it? I'm like, no, I don't do that. I'm not sending you . You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: Absolutely. For you to not even  look at it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm not wasting my time, brother.
josiah narkowicz: I hard closed the  out of this guy. One of those three, I hard closed the  out of him. He just needed it. He was like teetering on the edge. He was literally, like I sent him the payment link and it took probably 20 minutes from the time I sent him the link to the time he filled it out of like talking absolute smack to him. And finally he caved and gave in. So I used every  gnarly technique I could find and he finally did it. And I was like, you know when you like put them on mute and go,  sign the , like so you can... It's easy out, but sometimes you're scared that you haven't pressed mute properly.
Kyle Musca: No, I understand. Cool, bro.
josiah narkowicz: Let's go through some content stuff then, if we can.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely.
josiah narkowicz: So if you want to add to that.
Kyle Musca: No, that should be good. It would just be about follow through and execution on that. And then, yeah, I would line it up for March. It's just a good, like, when you start in a new month. And then, you know, kind of perfect timing now because realistically, you could even start doing a hard, like, you do this  giveaway thing and then start doing a hard, you know, two-week or week-long push, probably two weeks. That's when you want to do a challenge push. There's a hard two-week push about the free challenge you're going to do.
josiah narkowicz: Is there any way of laying up the challenge? no, no, no, no, next time. And using this initial magic hat, like you get free entry into the coming challenge, for example? Something like that.
Kyle Musca: No, I wouldn't because we want to go for the kill here and we want to get a sale. You what mean? We don't want to be like, well, you could do coaching, but I'm about to run a challenge. And they'll be like, oh, I'll do the challenge first. It's like, no, . So it's like, plus two, you don't want to be like, hey, you've won $500 a voucher here. And then like in two, three weeks time on the onboarding call of the challenge, you'll like, oh, well, like, you know, if you sign up now, I'll give you an extra free month. And then two weeks after that, you'll like, oh, well, if you sign up now, you'll get $500 off because you've won second place.
josiah narkowicz: They're like,  off, mate.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, again, direct response, get paid now, do the challenge, get paid at the start, get paid at the end. You know what I mean? Cool. So, whatever. Recommend for you, bro, is we've done enough sort of content in the past where, I mean, these seem to do well, like I would, you know, if you're going to do this, then, you go for it. But I would say the reaction ones are going to be your bread and butter simply because you've proven that you've got the virality there in the past. I think the issue here is you just haven't been super consistent with it and you're getting back into it. But again, like, for example, 15K, fantastic. The other really important thing here I've noticed is if you post a video and it does really well, make sure you post another video that you think will do well the next day. So, for example, I think I've got a bunch.
josiah narkowicz: Don't back it up with a  fluffy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, or just, you know, not posting. So, for example, you I posted this one, which got 120K, and then usually I would have posted a different one, but because that did well, I posted this one as well, which got another 110K. So, yeah, not going to lie, I feel like I've been kind of like low-key shadow banned after that thing with James.
josiah narkowicz: Really? Because you haven't had like a million in while?
Kyle Musca: Well, I mean, like this is almost a 10% engagement rate.
josiah narkowicz: If I had to post that, you know, in December, that would have hit a million easily.
Kyle Musca: Well, just imagine how many  are just like trying to report you and report your ads. Like any chance they get, they're going to be like flag, report, . Yeah, I'd say that's what it was because if you get enough people, like if someone has a big enough audience and they tell their audience to go mass report account, it can literally get the account fully deactivated without even like proof of wrongdoing.
josiah narkowicz: They can take you down.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'm like, oh, you know,  it. Then you can use that on a video as well. So, yeah, I mean, there's no, the problem with like his fault. Those are just  fat, retarded women, you know what mean? Like they've got all the time in world to report me and like  do all that. So it's like I'll respond and stuff, but I'm not going to keep – oh, he blocked me as well, so I can't even  tag him. But anyway, but yeah, in essence, like this video, you know, your reaction videos have popped off before, and there's definitely merit there, so I would double down on them. The talking head ones are good, but like, I mean, if you can get them to work and you like doing them, I would encourage doing them. But for your reels, I would definitely go reaction style videos, especially with the women. It's like they always seem to go well for you. Again, it's just about a consistency there. The other thing I reckon you should try is starting to get some carousers going, right?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I've now got a saved folder of like 20 that I want to recreate. So I'm going to go down Canva and just, you know, make a few there. Yeah. Yeah. Based off ones, like viral ones that I've seen. So I'll just make sure I've got like five in the bank ready to go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing I would recommend doing as well is because as we spoke about probably going down into, you know, trying to tap into the more female audience, which if you can do well, is I was looking at something like what this dude does would be , if you could do what this guy does, you'd never ever struggle with your clients. So where he just gets all these clients just to  tag him on his story. And he builds a community where like tagging and resharing you is just the norm. And it's just like, so one, this looks good for you because it's just pumping social proof. But secondly, when these girls, you know,  tag, you know, him, it goes to her 2,300 followers, which may not seem like a lot. But if it's all of friends and family and everything like that. And people that, you know, have high trust in her, you know, seeing that, it's like, well, , and seeing that she looks amazing and she's getting great results. It's like, well, I want to work with, you know, coach Nate Hoffman as well. Yeah. And that's 2,000 there. Yeah, that's 700. It's not much, but sometimes these girls, like, or these accounts where they only have, you know, a couple hundred, even a couple thousand, can have more pool than girls that have, you know, tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands. Because, you know, these, again, friends and family and high trust individuals versus , you know, a girl who's just shaking her  on  Instagram and her hundreds of thousands of followers are just  men. You know what mean? That doesn't service. Another 4,000, you know what mean? And the other thing he does as well, really well, is he doesn't even really post content. Like, he's got a great physique, don't get me wrong. But it's all collaborations with these girls. Yeah, I mean, and it's like, so these girls are literally sharing this on their store, on their feeds, tagging it.
josiah narkowicz: Okay, so what's the  mechanism? Does he just like ask them to do that? Because I think in my check-in form, I've got like a few questions that says, hey, like prompting them to basically tag Josiah narkowicz PT in your post with your meal prep. Or, you know, when you're at the gym, just for accountability purposes, and it's going to, you know, obviously enhance your, you know, accountability this week. That's all I've really got in there. But how do you like, is it, because he's framing it from the start, like when they first sign up, it's like, hey, this is what we do. It's a non-negotiable to basically post and tag on the story.
Kyle Musca: So, know, it could... So... So... This is going to come down to, so one is community. This is coming down to community. You wouldn't be able to get, like I wouldn't be, well, I work with dudes, so I don't think I'll ever be able to get to this point. But you wouldn't be able to get there straight off the bat because it's not like you can just be like, hey,  make some reels and tag me. What you need to do is essentially I would start like a group chat in a community once you've got a good online sort of like online clientele. And then you just make that the norm, you know what mean? So, for example, I put in my group chat on Monday, like I absolutely love seeing you guys tag me in your stories and you're crushing it. And I love showing my support, whatever the  I said. From that, you know, a bunch more dudes started tagging me and stuff on their stories. So, you kind of just have to keep reinforcing that behavior. But now, if you get to somewhere like a position like he's in, where, you know, girls would come to him because they want to be a part of this. You know what mean? They want to be one of these girls that  shares and, you know, looks good. And does the workouts and  shares reels and stuff about it. So he's established himself as that guy. So he tracks those types of clients.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, and so it's like, you can't just jump on there and, you know, get to this level  overnight. This is a thing that's happened over time where they've built him into the community. And don't get me wrong, you probably don't need, you know, a crazy amount. He probably only has like five to 10 that do it. But that's all you  need, you know what mean? You got five to 10 girls creating content for you and tagging you, you , you're golden.
josiah narkowicz: Just feeders, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, feeders, man. Especially if you can get someone with like massive followings and stuff, then you're  super.
josiah narkowicz: All I need is 10,000 milligrams of trend. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What you might even want to do as well, this is, this is, so he does, he's built his company off affiliate marketing, right? So The other thing you could look at doing is, like, if you do start to, especially if you step, this is where, again, you kind of have to establish yourself in the market, but, you know, start training with these girls in person and stuff and, you know, actually , so someone who's doing, one of my other clients is doing this really well at the moment is this guy. Now, you come onto his page, you can instantly see he's a coach and he works with females and, you know, he's, you know, doing reels with his girls. He's got some stuff about him. Same thing. She's just created a reel and shared it for him, tagged him, collaborated with him. Fantastic. Like, everything on his account is very coaching focused.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So, and I had a chat to him about it the other week. And now he's starting to, you know, so this girl doesn't, I don't think, have very many followers. Let's have a gaze. I mean, that's still decent, but now because he's starting to post and be seen as that kind of guy, and he's got proof that he's like that with, you know, a girl like this, then he started to get a couple clients with tens of thousands of followers, and there was a girl that had over 100,000 followers, and I was like, dude, if you, you know, ask her to do a  collaboration, and potentially, like, down the line, once he builds some, like, really good trust with him and everything like that, you could potentially even do a collaboration challenge with him. Which I think my mate George would do well, but he  refuses to let me help him with it, because he's, nah, he's a good mate. But, like, he's got, like, sky sun, he's got, like, all his girls that he trains in person have either hundreds of thousands of millions of followers, and it's like, if you just ran one really good challenge where you collaborated and basically said, hey, anyone, I'll do all the work, anyone that signs up, I'll just give you 10% off, 20%, whatever you agree to, mate, you would  launch a business, and, like,
josiah narkowicz: Community is definitely lacking. When I look at all my clients, I'm like, they're all just lone wolves. You know, they're like business owners. They're not really, like, they've all got families.
Kyle Musca: But that's because they've come from in-person resources. Like, you're not going to get a girl who's, you know, super active on social media, going to walk into a gym and pick a random PT. She's going to pick someone that she knows online.
josiah narkowicz: You need to become that person online to attract those types of clients so you can do those types of things. Yeah. And number one is getting the reaction style content and just gearing it more towards those females, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. And once you start to, you know, establish yourself a little bit more in that sort of niche and that demographic, what I would even start doing is being like, hey, you know, messaging a girl. I wouldn't go straight for the kiln. We can talk about this when and if it happens, but be like, hey. you know, essentially basically saying to them, I will coach you for free if you just tag me on your stories and you, you know, maybe create some reels for me and collaborate and everything like that with me.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So influence a strategy, basically.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But you have to, again, you have to get to that position to be able to ask that because they're not, if you're just some  random guy that messaged me out of the blue, they can be like,  off, you creep.
josiah narkowicz: So what's that look like, that level? Is it 10K followers? You got transformations of bitties on your page?
Kyle Musca: You just have to, like, George only has under 12K. You know what mean? You just have to be known for becoming that person. Be seen. One, your step one is going to obviously be reacting and establishing yourself with the content of that niche, which we've already spoken about trying to go more down that avenue. And that's the, and the reason for that is because that's the videos that do pop off for you. All right. So again, that did well, that did, where is it? That did decently well. And then obviously that one back there did really well, wherever it  is, that one. So it's like female ones clearly seem to resonate with you better online, but you've just got to establish yourself, you know, be seen reacting to this. So for me, for example, I would be associated with, you know, dudes making sick transformations.
josiah narkowicz: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Now, again, it's a little bit harder for me to do something like that because dudes are a little bit usually more competent and, you know, if they've got a great physique and stuff, then it's not like they want to be collaborating with a  coach and, you know, sharing all that . They just don't do that. Girls do that, right? Yeah. So that's step one. And then step two would be getting like one or two actual girls. And then they probably have friends and everything like that. So you can call it that way. Or again, just by being seen with them. And then again, you just build the community over time. And then once. You get enough of them, girls will start coming to you because they want to be a part of that environment and they want to be, they want to feel like, so people are feeling like they're part of a tribe. You know what mean? Humans are like social animals. They want to feel a part of something bigger than themselves. And this is why, you know, you can build, like, that's why Adam does really well with the Cunnies thing, right? Because, you people feel like they're , you know, part of a group, right? It's their tribe, right? So, you've obviously got to be you, the leader, and then you've got to get a few side, like, pieces to  start forming that group. And then once you've got that, people will start coming to you.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. And you're obviously promoting it with all your current clients as well, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, but if you go to  Greg, who's a 50-year-old business owner, and you're like, hey, mate, post some reels for me, he's going to be like,  off, Desire.
josiah narkowicz: You know what mean? Like, he's not going to want to do that. Facts. Yeah. So, yeah, it's like 25 to 38. Strange, or even lower. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The lower ones don't have money, so I'd probably do 25 to 30. Yeah. And just, yeah. It's not an overnight process. It's a community.
josiah narkowicz: It's a, you know, you build it with time and that becomes normal. It's no wonder I've found it pretty elusive just based on the fact that I've never really hustled online, especially Instagram. And I guess it's harder face-to-face when none of your demographic are all the  same. They're all, like, from different walks of life and different things. So, of course, you're not, it's not conducive to a community where you're all on the same vibe and the same hustle and you have the same problems and this and that. So, I'm hearing you just need a bit of, a bit of foundational work to make that, to make those changes.
Kyle Musca: Because, yeah. And the people that, again, find it. In-person PT gym by walking into a gym aren't people that are, you know, massively into social media and get into all the  health and fitness reels and all that stuff. Because otherwise they would go with a health and fitness coach online. Like they would, like all those girls do. That's where they go. That's, you know, vice versa. They're not going to walk into a random gym and find a random PT to train.
josiah narkowicz: No. No, absolutely not. I just see this, , maybe if I get a, what's that other guy do? Ryan, someone. He like basically uses his missus to like promote his business.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: I just need a baddie missus with a fat boonda.
Kyle Musca: That's the same though. It always comes from like becoming that coach and then that's how you meet them. Which is obviously a fine line to walk. But like Mark Carroll's like that, you know what mean? Cade's like that. anyone with a high profile missus is probably like that.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So what you're saying is I need to, that's what I need to do to get my future wife with a massive dumpy.
Kyle Musca: Not a, yeah, it's not a bad idea.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Okay. Well, I've tried everything else. So that hasn't worked.
Kyle Musca: That, you if you get to that position, it's like, you're making a lot of money and you get the pick of the cream of the crop. You know what I mean? Like, you're  laughing.
josiah narkowicz: Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Noted. But yeah, it just comes back to the content, being consistent with that initially. So just to get it for my future wife, I need to post daily.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. need to react to women that you would be happy to have as your future wife and she'll come to you.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Done. Just attract the same energy. Done.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool, bro. Well, yeah. Biggest thing for now, like that's the. That's an overnight process and that's just an execution thing as we've spoken about. Biggest thing from right now is just following through on those calls tomorrow, getting consults booked in, obviously converting them, and then planning for a four-week mini challenge probably to start March. And if you're going to do it in March, you'll probably want to start marketing for that pretty hard.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So a two-week push phase?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I find it usually a two-week hard push is the way to go.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. And is that just calling people, messaging people, putting on the stories?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, everything, putting on the stories. Depends on how, yeah, I'll leave the delivery up to you. But yeah, I mean, if you've got access to all of Anytime Fitness and , you know, the old gym and anyone you have access to, essentially, you can do a  bulk email or bulk text and email out to or, you know, whatever. Mm-hmm.
josiah narkowicz: Got it. Yeah, I've run one or two in the past that seem to do okay. So I've got a big database of people and there's probably like 50 names off the top of my head that probably would be keen, you know, like past clients and hot leads on the edge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, the thing with you is you have, they're there, like we know where to find all your clients. It's not like it's like you don't know where your next client could come from. You know where the clients are sitting. It's just like you've just got to go and actually execute to get them on board. And you've proven that you can do that once you put your head to it. It's just, it's a follow-through execution thing. It's not a skill, it's not a skill issue.
josiah narkowicz: Bro, you're right. Yeah. I've just been a lazy . Yeah. Yeah. But this is, this is what I need. Yeah. You know? So it is an execution thing, I think. So yeah, next, next week's a big week. Be a lot of, a lot of  going on, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, I would just set yourself a challenge and then like have at least ideally like seven videos before we  chat next week, but a bare minimum of posting five, five videos before we chat next week. Cause otherwise it's just like, we're not, we can't get past step one of the plan if we're not, you know, kind of like a client comes to you and you're like, Hey, here's 2000 calories. And they're like, what's step two of the plan? you're like, well, for 2000 calories, you know what I mean?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. I feel you. Yeah. Yeah. Sway, bro. Fathom.
Kyle Musca: All right, well, good luck with it. If you do get caught up, just let me know.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it'll get done. Appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: Pleasure, man. All right, enjoy the rest of the day. Enjoy your weekend, and I'll chat to you soon. Later, man. Thanks. Yeah, bye.


>>> 96/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-18T04:46:02Z | id:123204784
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Yeah, it's hard to go back there to sort some banking stuff out. At times, it's a bit rough, so I can't figure out.
jese Smith-shields: What, did you do your tax through Dubai?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I set up all the companies and everything there, but they're super strict on the banking . You can't do anything unless your UAE number's active because they need to verify you. And then, like, our UAE numbers weren't active and you can't act. Unless you're physically there, so it was just a huge  around. So yeah, let's go back and get it sorted. Yeah, should be good now. Cool, bro. All right, we'll dive into this week. We'll have a look at the CE dashboard. Break that down together. Good news is, pull it up before I start talking about it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, the only really big flag from this week is our show rate got shot out of nowhere. Something that we usually do really well in.
Kyle Musca: We have a fair thing to drop off. Okay. So. With this, if you could ask your operation, your admin chick to separate, you know. Calls, oh, I don't know, yeah, 32. So separate, maybe just tell her, like, separate organic to.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, she did. Yeah, and then just put that in there, so it's a little bit. Oh, yeah, yeah, I gotcha.
Kyle Musca: So 42 to 34, so let's have a gears at this. What date was it from? The 11th through the 17th?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Ah, that worked that well. Okay, so we've got... love I I 34, which is correct. No, . 33. So I'd say, did you do this? You might have messed up the dates.
jese Smith-shields: No, she didn't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd say she just messed up the dates. Yeah, that's...
jese Smith-shields: She just got down... Oh, so she did the 11th to the 17th. Is that the dates that you did?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's still early, so I doubt it, but... Maybe she put, like, before the 10th, because she maybe thought, because it says after. Yeah, 42. So I'd say that's what she did.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's fine. Cool. Okay. So leads, a little bit higher. We're testing a few different things at the moment, so that's still good. Like, 40s to 50s are scalable.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: 24 calls. Booking-to-lead ratio is really good, though, so it means the people that are coming through as a lead are actually booking in.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Oh. To a massive degree. 72 cost per booking, that's good. Shawbreak, not terrible, but obviously lower than it usually is. What's your feedback there from what you're seeing?
jese Smith-shields: Just a lot of wild excuses. The excuses that we got told this week was  everything and anything. So it was obviously like they just got to that date and didn't want to take the call in a sense.
Kyle Musca: Are you doing the day before message?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Were they confirming on that?
jese Smith-shields: They were confirming all the way up to pretty much the day of the call. And then they would send a message saying, mum's in hospital,  none just died. They're all these wild extremes. And then we just wouldn't hear from them again.
Kyle Musca: So that's, you got the pre-call message video?
jese Smith-shields: Like the, I mean, we'll see.
Kyle Musca: Like, again, there's not enough sort of data to show that there's anything besides just a run of bad luck there. If that does continue happening, that's where I'd probably put in that pretty cool message. And you can see it in mine where I basically say, like, you know, there's always some dickhead that, you know, says their man just  died or, you know, some horrific accident just happened to their best mate and makes up some completely  excuse. Yeah, again, worded however you want to word it. But basically just say, like, look, if you don't want to show up to the call and it's not a priority to you, then just be straight up and honest with us because we only want to work with girls that are actually serious about making a change. If something does actually happen and you can't make the call, that's fine. We understand that. Just let us know. But, like, just don't waste our time. You know what mean? Like, if this isn't a priority for you, just be honest about it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'll probably give it another week because obviously our show rate's been really good. So the only thing that I was seeing that I might, because the video is of me speaking over it, and obviously a lot of these leads are coming from Keanu's page. So if we do have maybe another run of bad show rate, I may just get her to do it as it's probably a little bit more friendly in that sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. And then again, the other massive red flag here is this.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What's happening?
jese Smith-shields: We had a lot of people get on the call that couldn't, like simply couldn't afford it.
Kyle Musca: Were they working?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. They always said they're working through the qualifications, and then most of them could even put down a $50 deposit.
Kyle Musca: Have you read through the conversations?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Were they? So one thing I'll tell you said to do as well, I think we spoke about this, is for... for... Is for... This moving forward, let's add some tags. For this moving forward, make sure when they get to the call booking and stuff, make sure that they actually add the tag.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So tag call prompted. And then tag call booked, right?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Call booked. Just so in future we can come back and obviously one for these, we can just quickly assess how those conversations actually went. Two, one thing I did last week, and I definitely recommend while we're on this topic, is basically going through all your last three to four, five months, whatever you If to do, of sales, so like do it at Newey, get a CSV list, get your admin check to go through and basically copy all the good, like the conversations that obviously led to sales into a document like this one, right? So it's like me, prospect, me, prospect, and you just copy the whole conversation and then split it by new chat, right? I got it to go in and add 50 conversations of book calls because then what you can do is you can upload this into the chat GPT document. So it obviously can see how good quality conversations went and just basically mimic them.
jese Smith-shields: That's a good idea because I actually got rid of, I didn't get rid of her, I just let her go, I let go of Kamei and brought in my own team of DMs. So I'm currently navigating this at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Are they doing okay?
jese Smith-shields: They started yesterday. There's been a few little growing pains, but overall, they're cheaper and they cover more hours across both pages in shields and pioners.
Kyle Musca: How much are they per hour?
jese Smith-shields: They come up to like $10 without commission.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, because I'm currently working with a team that basically do the same.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, you were telling me about that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Where do you find that?
jese Smith-shields: Through a Filipino agency that Reece gave me a while ago.
Kyle Musca: Oh, Charles?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, Charles.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, cool, cool, cool. So that's $10 USD a week now. Okay, cool. I'm currently working with him on trying to get it so it's like if you share it across account, you get to like $6 USD an hour, no commission. Yeah. Um...
jese Smith-shields: Give them $4, $50.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a once-off week. mean, realistically, still 7x your return on investment there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, like, you have the capability to be doing, you know, $14 to $25. You know what mean? So it's like, if we can get it there, you're  laughing. Yeah. Did you get 20 organic bookings last week?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I was testing out one of my long-term clients, just giving her cash to sit in DMs, and she went hard on it. So then that's when I tried to pull the team in to get in organics.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. See how Marcus goes? But, yeah, 14% is  rough.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Rough bad. Even if you got half of the 50%.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'll push that across.
Kyle Musca: Obviously, you don't want him going for low-ticket sales, but it's like you want them, you know, coming away with something.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, just make the time worth it in a sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Okay, cool. Is there anything specific you want to touch base on in this session?
jese Smith-shields: No, not particularly. I haven't even got around to that lead magnet. I've obviously just been flat out with training the new coach and these DM setters. With your LTV at the moment, mine seems like it is sort of decreasing, especially within these paid-in-fulls, but these bigger sort of packages. How do you kind of navigate trying to keep your LTV around?
Kyle Musca: So are you going your LTV off duration or spend?
jese Smith-shields: Basically duration, because we're coming up through, we've had a lot of clients... Pretty much just hit that minimum term within their like paid-in-fools or the bigger packages and just one out.
Kyle Musca: So two things there. One thing is duration is not lifetime value. That's lifetime duration. It's a, I guess, a vain sort of metric to go off because it's like, well, my LTV is 180 days. It's like, well, that's cool. But if my LTV of 90 days matches the same, it's like, well, who's going to have a better business than that? You know what mean? So lifetime value needs to be off total spend in the client. So if you want to really assess that, again, I've got my cancellation sheet. We've spoken about this before. Have you been filling this out?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so if that's the case, I would go and tally up all your... Um, total end of clients.
jese Smith-shields: Actually, I haven't, I haven't seen this one before.
Kyle Musca: So this is just cancellations. Pretty simple. Every time I, any time I can, a client cancels, this is, I just quickly come in, put the name, date, if they canceled early, what the reason was. Now, if they can, I don't, um, lifetime value, that's literally what I'll, you'd copy straight in from Newey. I copy it from Stripe, uh, and then for me to do the, the total that it needs to be in this format, that's why I've, why I call it clean. Um, and then I add it in completed. So now if they don't complete it, then I don't want, like, I don't want that to affect my completed long-term. So I can put it together. Um, but just to separate it easier, that will give you a total lifetime value.
jese Smith-shields: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Um, so the number more is, you know, the duration is nothing, you know what I mean? Like, you can't really derive anything from that. We can, but it's not very accurate. Um. So it's like my lifetime value, $2,500. That was way back here. It would probably be higher than that now. You see a lot of 7s, 8s, 3s, 6s. Now, the thing you're struggling with here is they're not – there's two possible options. One is they're not seeing the value in the coaching, but you'd know if you're getting a lot of complaints and a lot of early cancellations. Are you getting that?
jese Smith-shields: We have been getting a fair few lately. The clientele base that we get it from, they're not a great client, to say the least, but we have had a few over the last coming weeks.
Kyle Musca: What are their complaints?
jese Smith-shields: Well, even when I talk with the coach about it, like they have never checked in. They'll never actually do any of this sort of programs or anything like that, no matter what the coach did to follow up with them and chase them. In a sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, yeah, I mean, they're just -kunked clients. You're going to get them. I mean, as long as you've got the – this is why it's really important for the coach to actually do their job because you've got the paper record of, like, you sent them a screenshot, be like, bro, you know, Rachel's been trying to contact you every single week. You haven't replied to her once. Like, I'm not really sure what you'd want us to do at this point. And you just, like, you just ask them that because if someone's angry at you and pissed off because, you know, they're a disgruntled client and you just say, like, well, we've reached out to you multiple times every single week and you haven't replied to us, what would you like us to do? It's like they just seem a bit  stupid then, you know what mean?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, okay, so there's that. In terms of, like, overall, like, you're going to get some complaints, but is it anything, you know, that it's causing you a red flag?
jese Smith-shields: Nothing that's worth, like, sort of Mentioning or stuff that has been up backtracked through it and it's usually just to the case that they've just not been able to sort of fall into the process.
Kyle Musca: So, okay. One is, yeah, make sure the coach is obviously doing their job. It's worth investigating, making sure they're taking good quality service, getting check-ins, following up on check-ins that haven't been submitted, like just doing their job. that's the number one thing. Never want to go in there guns blazing and just accusing the coach of doing it. doesn't sound like you're doing that anyway, but you do want to make sure that the coach is doing their job properly. The second thing is potentially, and again, depends on how frequent and often you're getting this, potentially something to do with the onboarding process, making things a little bit clearer around then and just sort of setting the standard from the very start. You know what mean? Like something I always say to my clients is like, sorry, yeah, when a new client signs up, I call them and say like, I run them through the next step so they're not left in the dark, but I say, Like, you know, if you're struggling with something, like, let us know because we can't do anything to help you if we don't know you're struggling.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man. So just, like, set the standard, make it very clear that, you know, you're there to help them, but obviously they need to actually communicate.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So provided the values there, the biggest, the second biggest thing here is the coaches need to start planting the seed and talking about what's next. Here's the other thing as well. I'm not sure if you can do it in UE, but it also depends on the ratio of clients that are dropping off because you're, like, if you're only dealing with the clients that don't want to extend afterwards, then it's, like, you can kind of feel like you are getting a really high drop-off rate, but then, like, you'll have clients, you know, like, Ryan here, for example, he would have stayed on, probably signed up for three or six months, but he would have stayed on  ages and his lifetime value just kept climbing. You know what mean? Same with Anthony and stuff. Like, you don't know about these guys until they officially cancel. So it's, like, you're just top of mind of the people that... Yeah. And the coach needs to plant that seed early. Like you can't get to week 10, 11, 12, and be like, oh, here's the next steps. Cause they're, they're already in their mind. By that point, it's already locked in. I'm going to stop at the end of the program. Whereas if you're talking like week six, week eight, you know, after we get through this cup, we're going to have to reverse diet. These are the next steps. These are the next steps.
jese Smith-shields: These are the next steps. The client's constantly thinking forward. Yeah. Kind of picturing that goal early on.
Kyle Musca: yeah. So you just need to plant the seed and make them realize that there's more to come.
jese Smith-shields: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: If they, if, if you wait too long and that's what that client roadmap is really good for using that.
jese Smith-shields: No, I've got a, I've got one of my own, but no, I haven't seen yours.
Kyle Musca: Um, so basically this, like I would get your coaches to do this on the very first call, uh, like, uh, very first checking call. Cause it's like, if they signed up a week ago, they're probably not going to have heaps of data to kind of go over. So it's a really good time to do this with. Where it's like, you know, the first four weeks, we're going to be sort of the foundation building, the phase, the primary phase. Once we do that, get everything perfect, we're going to ramp things up and get more advanced as we go through the program. Now, like, so for example here, and the client, the coach would build this out. So it doesn't matter if they sign up for three months, six months, whatever, the coach is talking about the next 12 months with them. I mean, from there, we're going to reverse diet. That's probably going to take about two months to properly reverse diet. That is super important because if we don't reverse diet properly, you just add up all this fatty tissue back and all the work we put in, just go nothing. A lot of people were like, get this wrong. So we need to do this really, you know, and now we're planning to see it straight away, that there's more to come from what they originally wanted to do. From there, we'll go into a gaining phase. After that, you know, maybe have a holiday through this period, you said, then we're going to go through another hardcore cutting phase. This cutting phase is going to be different to the first cutting phase though, right? This one is really just designed to strip everything back, really reveal your foundation so we can work with it. So that's, you know, again, they have to start planning the seat here. They can't just start planning the seat here. They're like, oh, by the way, do you want to extend? Because they've already made up their mind.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, what I'll do is I'll send this to you.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, if you can, that'll be good.
Kyle Musca: And then just rebrand it to yours, obviously.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the other thing is having some, an actual process of re-signs, right? So you might even want to take these calls yourself because these are high value calls. But essentially, and this is good for this. So what do you use to take notes and clients like when they sign up? Do you use Notion or?
jese Smith-shields: Just through the spreadsheet and then through the entry questionnaire, the pre-screening.
Kyle Musca: In Kahunas, can you set it up so you get, like, you get certain notifications when a client is a certain way through a program?
jese Smith-shields: No. It's quite hard to automate out.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So however you do it, doesn't really matter. It's going to be up to you here. But having set points where you or the closer, depending on how you want to go about this, get on a success call with them in order to essentially extend them, upsell them, refer, whatever. You can do a lot of different things.
jese Smith-shields: So for example, you want to have these around week three to four.
Kyle Musca: And weeks, eight to 10, realistically, and obviously week 12, depending on when their program is. So the first one, the reason we do the first one at week three to four is because one, they should be on an emotional high. They should have started seeing results from the program. They should be loving it, seeing the community, seeing that you guys actually care and deliver a good quality service. So they have high amount of trust in you, but they don't have the confidence of the knowledge to continue doing it themselves. know what mean? So it's like that nice little sweet spot. This is great. So if someone said, you know, let's say they signed up for three months, but they need to lose 20 kilos, right? It's going to take more than three months. Great time to offer an extension, especially on a paid and full or something like that, because you can be like, cool. So, you know, and you treat this call as a client success call at the start. You know what How are you finding everything? How are you working with the coach? How are you settling in? , you know, maybe a little bit of a you doing a check and you've lost three kilos.
jese Smith-shields: You're absolutely killing. Again, you structure, you're a coach, you know how to do Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you move into it and be like, oh, well, you know, I know, you know, when we first spoke, you know, you wanted to potentially lose 20 kilos. Obviously, it's going to take a little bit more month than three, the original three months that we sort of joined for. Could you see yourself sort of continuing on our past sort of three months so we can get the job done completely? Again, however you  word it. They'll say yes. Okay. Awesome. Well, look, in that case, what we can do is usually if you were to do another three-month program, It would be $2,000, right? Same price as the original. But what we can do is if you do want to extend, the six-month program was $3,500. So what we can do is we can just cover the difference. So you'd actually end up saving $500 there. And I know you, and what we could do is we could start, and again, this depends on if they paid in full, if they did repayment plans, whatever the . If they did a paid full, you'd be like, well, what we could actually do is just make it super easy on cash flow for you. We could actually, so we're six months in. So if we went for the six months, we're four weeks in. What we could do is we could split that $1,500 up across the 20 weeks remaining, and that would just be $75 a week. Would you want to run with that?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? See how you got them on an extension from that, and it makes it super affordable for them to continue on. Honestly, if they could, I mean, you might even want to keep them at $75. Like once I sort of establish a, like a reduced rate with a client, um, you. Usually fairly happy for them just to stay on that unless it's like, you can't really change it. I have had clients that have done like $60 a week for it and it's like, you know, you don't profit much off them at all, but  it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'm kind of the same. I don't really like to increase prices once they've done a duration of time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's something I would probably start implementing for you is like these points where you're jumping on a success call with your clients and upselling, referring. And, you know, you could upsell, you could extend them and then be like, oh, by the way, like you're absolutely killing it. And we really value bringing the right women into the team. I guess, who do you know that's sort of similar to yourself that's kind of on a similar journey?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I was trying to word, I gave Marcus a bit of a follow-up script on trying to get referrals, but I see that working a lot better as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's just a, you can do everything, you know what mean? And maybe they're like, oh, like, you know, I'm just really struggling with, with. X, Y, Z. You know, shift works really hard. Yeah, completely understand that. to be honest, like, that's where the gold package really comes in handy because you can kind of have those in-depth conversations with your coach in real time. Do you feel like you may need, like, a little bit of extra support? Yeah, okay. Well, look, what we did is we signed up for the gold, the silver six months, which was $2,500. The gold six months is just $3,500. What we could do is if you wanted to jump on that, we could just cover the difference. Again, you'd have to reword it, make sure it's structured and worded properly. But, again, you have a lot of different options you can go from based on how the conversation goes.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. No, I like that. I'm going to implement that. I like that.
Kyle Musca: I should just build out a pipeline, too, within GHL to try and track where everyone's at. So, that'll be pretty easy to implement. Yeah, I mean, you definitely could. You could have a pipeline for existing clients and have, again, you'd have to set it up properly and everything. For me, I just use Notion and just  set myself a provider. So when the client signs up, let me find. So yeah, when the client signs up, it'll be like marked with the date. And then like three weeks later, there'll be like a little thing that ticks off for the success check-in. And then that won't pop up here.
jese Smith-shields: I didn't know you could do that through Notion, to be honest with you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I  love Notion for admin work. It's literally the only feature I use on it. has a lot more, but it's the only feature.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, I didn't know you could actually do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so then my coaches have access to this.
jese Smith-shields: So it's like when they get off the call, they get all these notes and everything. Yeah. No, that's a dick. And what, Tommy, or your closer, jumps in and does those notes.
Kyle Musca: Uh. Yeah, so like basically they either run the transcript through ChatGPT or like for example these calls with the Fathom, it's already auto-taking notes, so they can just go copying straight into there. So 28 years old, currently having 35 kilos at six foot, reach a point where he's ready to take yourself seriously after he is putting fitness back and putting, you know, it's basic .
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. I like that also actually. That's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. then what the coaches should do, I'm a bit lazy, but in every single week when they do their check-in, they should add notes here. You know what mean? Making good progress, sleep needs improvement, mental health, struggling, whatever. There's basic notes so they can refer back to it week on week. Yeah, no, that's fair. Yeah, that's fair. Perfect. Does that all make sense, man?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, no, that's, I like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, I think if you add all those things into it, then it becomes, again, you've got to kind of like nurture a mindset. I from the start of there's always next steps.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, because I was finding a lot of like the paid in fools was a little bit harder to try and get them going again, but I can definitely implement that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, the paid in fools is because you have to make the resell. That's why I prefer not having paid in fools. But yeah, if you wait to the very end and then try and resell them, it's like you're fighting a very uphill battle there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's fair. No, it's easy. I appreciate that.
Kyle Musca: It's all good. The only other thing is, yeah, I reckon start, yeah, trying to go hard on those lead mad videos. Just because I ran them with Cal this week and he's a like pump and he got heaps. I haven't seen it. I haven't heard how they've gone, but he got heaps of calls out of it.
jese Smith-shields: Okay, sweet. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: And I think through Kianas, it would  crush. For another client I've run as well, her name's Meg, and that's under $20 cost for a lead at the moment.
jese Smith-shields: Sure.
Kyle Musca: So.
jese Smith-shields: And what, is this, some of these, I've seen these voiceover videos, is that the sort of style that you would go for as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so with these, like how we spoke about it, was going to write scripts and everything. But they're just not, they're not necessarily, like if anything, it hinders performance. Like I wrote scripts for Meg. Yeah. And her graphics are way outperforming the scripts for it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Just because it's like, it's not a very big ask. You're giving away something for free, so it's like it doesn't need a minute long  video.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's fair.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so. Overall, $24 cost per lead for everything, but you can see this  thing loads, holy . Yeah, pulling out $12, this one, which has had heaps to spend, only $16 cost per lead, $38. So it's like, you know, I'll call that as time goes on. I'll turn that off, but yeah, like that's , you know what I mean? Yeah. In terms of what it actually is. Holy , why is this so slow?
jese Smith-shields: I guess this would kind of always work as like a retarget sort of ad as well then.
Kyle Musca: It would just, if anything, would probably work the opposite way, where they'll see this and they'll engage with it, and then Instagram will reshow like a direct ad.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: First, you might get more followers out of it, you know what mean? Like you just give, that's the thing I love about lead magnets is one, you get a lot more volume because it's just, all you're asking people to do is just put their hand up. And then two, you're not selling, you're giving something away for free, you know what mean?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. With the sort of many chat flow through that, you're obviously trying to qualify them and not qualify them. Whoever gets it can get it for free. And then obviously trying to qualify them into a lead, into a booking.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you pre-qualify them, and then it's like, if they're not qualified, it's like, here it is,  off. If they're qualified, then you jump in and then set it up. Same process. So just jump in, handle the conversation.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's true. Yeah, I can build those out too.
Kyle Musca: That's easy. Hands down, push day is my favorite day of the week. What feels more alpha than bench pressing some heavy- weights and walking around with a juicy, inflamed chest, delts, and triceps?
jese Smith-shields: The only downside to the day is that after you're done, all you want to do is just hang on to that glorious pump 24-7. Already counting down until next week. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, as simple as that. Yeah. And the reason why it works is it looks  super organic. You know what mean?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, that's good. I like that. I'll get Kiana to create some of those.
Kyle Musca: That's easy. Perfect. This is probably more in line with the UGC style content as well, you said. Yeah, that's what I was kind of looking at.
jese Smith-shields: Because some of our biggest days of where we get, like, on a lot of the... Organic reach is where, like what you said with like the Nate Hoffman, I've got a lot of clients who just do that naturally for me through shields. And some of the biggest days where we do have like coaching forms and everyone's coming through is where it's very client sort of friendly or it's more a little bit more relatable to their situation and compared to Kiana's sort of style of look at me sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like, I think you have the potential to do all of it, you know, Kiana has that kind of dream body like outlook type thing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that works on her profiles really well, obviously.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but it's like you create good content, Kiana creates good content for shields for it. And then it's like, if you can get your clients, you know, starting to create their own content, then like you're  golden. Because like then what you could start doing is collaborating with them on. I mean, it's because they probably shouldn't have their  and they don't really have money for actual girls. But like what you could do here is just by association, you know what mean? Just I'll coach you for free if just  make some gym reels and collaborate with Shieldsfield or something.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. So, yeah, that's how I kind of started out. And then I tried going down that sort of influencer route of getting people in. But like the biggest return I had was from like girls with like 800 followers or 2,000 followers.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, the reason for that is, again, because the girls will like huge followings. If they're just shaking their  on camera, it's just dudes, you know, and dudes aren't going to buy from you in that context. The girls with the, you know, low followings, let's say 2,000, it's like it's all their friends, their family. It's people that they actually know. You know what mean? So, like the crust is so high there with them. They want to support their friend.
jese Smith-shields: They want to lose weight. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like it's just a natural option for them. So, if anything, so what I was talking to Bree about even is... Like potentially even creating, like setting, setting some time apart and creating like a little bit of a mini course on how to create content. You know what I mean? And kind of just, and just sort of, you know, wording is in like, what this is going to do is it's going to, you know, gear your lifestyle more towards, you know, healthy, active lifestyle when you're constantly publicly posting and whatever the , whatever you say to do it, right? But obviously you just don't want to be like, I just want you to market my business. Yeah, like, again, like if you can get it to like where Nate's is, for example, I don't even know the guy, but.
jese Smith-shields: Nate doesn't, yeah, Nate literally doesn't post any content of himself lately.
Kyle Musca: The guy just takes a lot of gear and posts his rig and then  the rest of it leaves up to his girls, which is a  G'd way to go about it, man. Like it's pretty minimal. You don't have to create X, Y, Z. And then what you do is like, if you've got some girls that are really  killing it. You might even want to bring them on a special affiliate program rate type thing. You know what mean? Like I want you to create three interviews a week and I'll give you a special price or even cut you for free. And that's where, you know, doing the lead magnet stuff would work really well as like a UG, because that's technically UGC in a way. And they say like, if you want a free, you just tell them like, give them the CTA. If you want a free five-day program, booty building program, comment the word booty and I'll send it through.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah. I can get that. I've got a fair few clients that will actually be pretty keen on doing that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, yeah, if I was going to do it, I would sit down and just make a really simple, like how to  film content and how to edit it simply. .
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's sweet. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: That's a good idea. It also gets them to show off their, you know, before and afters naturally for you as well, which is  awesome.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, definitely. Definitely. I can do that. That's easy as.
Kyle Musca: Go ahead. All right, bro. All right, All Yeah. Anything else you want to cover, or?
jese Smith-shields: Nah, that's pretty good.
Kyle Musca: I'm sweet. Sick, man. Yeah, try and make a focus on those lead mags through just even Kianas in the meantime, because I already got them up on Shields or even through Kianas, whatever we just have to do. That will pump.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I understand. I'll get working on that now.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, man. All right, you enjoy the rest of the day.
jese Smith-shields: I will chat to you guys soon. You too. Cheers, man. All right, bye.


>>> 97/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-18T06:00:28Z | id:123208542
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Hey, how going?
Meg Tovey: Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. How's things?
Meg Tovey: Things are good. feel like I've had a bit more brain space this week, which has been nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome. Perfect. All right, well, we will rip right into things. Let me pull up my thing. I have to restart my whole computer. Is there anything in particular you want to go over in this session?
Meg Tovey: Yes, I have multiple things. I did my check. Um... Cause I always do that with any that I don't convert because I was kind of like unsure if I was just not seeing something that I could have challenged or if she was just like very, she was like one of those people that's super skeptical and also was like saying multiple times how she's just get seeking information. She's not she said like before I'd even mentioned the price or anything like that she was saying she doesn't make decisions on calls like so when people come in I've had a couple of people like that not many but like over the you know months or whatever or years even where they say that and it feels hard to challenge without kind of going again like it and morally it feels like I sound like a bit of a dick trying to like challenge it I don't know I don't know I to word it correctly so like I went I got some feedback off chat which actually was really helpful, but also curious on how you would handle that, because it was a 75-minute call, and it was the biggest  waste of my time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the biggest thing you need to do there is just challenge them on their decision-making process. Yeah, no, I totally get that. That makes sense. I guess, you know, if that's the case, like, let's just sort of, do you mind if I challenge you on that perspective? I'd be like, yeah. Right, cool. Well, I guess, do you feel like the sort of decision-making process you've made up into this point, do you feel like that's moved you towards, like, close towards the person or the woman that you want to become, or further away? They'll say further away, because they don't want to, you know what mean? If they say towards...
Meg Tovey: Wait, sorry, the decision-making, oh, their decision-making process. Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Do you feel like that's moved you, know, towards the woman that you actually want to become, or further away? They'll say either further away. If they said towards, they'd be like, okay, well, why do you need a hand then?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I honestly... I like this chick would have said, you know, when they're so in their ego that, like, they don't like to make rash decisions and that kind of just call them out for their .
Kyle Musca: They said towards, they're like, okay, well, why do you need help then? Oh, I don't know. Why are still 10 kilos of weight? Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So does it move you closer or further away to your goals then? Well, I guess further away. Right. So I guess if the decision-making process that you've made up until this point has led you to the point where you're at, which is why you're unhappy, do you want to let that decision-making process continue to be the one that actually decides whether or not you move close towards the goal of the woman that you want to become?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Right. Now, if they're very closed off and skeptical, you should have challenged them by this point. Like, it's usually through the emotional stage where you just take a step back and just almost take the sale away from it and be like, well, I mean, you know. Yeah. If you're just looking for information and you don't really want to work with a coach and you kind of seem to have it all figured out for yourself, are sure you even want to have this conversation and look at getting a coach? Oh, yeah, but you just pull away from them. Those people, because if you try and push, again, they'll get more and more skeptical and close more and more off.
Meg Tovey: If you just pull back from them, they won't be expecting it and they'll start chasing you. I've definitely done that and it's worked quite a few times, but with this chick, the way she was framing it was like, and I've had this happen once before, where they're like, they want to get the full context and the price to go away and make that decision. So I like what you said first definitely would have helped. I don't know if me pulling back, because I've had tried to do that before and the person I did it on was like, well, I still want to know what the price and stuff is. And so then I got myself into a bit of a. It's a pickle because I was like, well, I don't  want to give you the prize because you're not going to sign up anyway.
Kyle Musca: But I couldn't say that. I would – you can't just address the elephant in the room. Like if you know you're not going to get the sale, you've got to do unorthodox method. So it's like if you know you do that. Well, to be honest, like from – and I hope you don't mind me saying this, but after all our conversation going through it, I've done hundreds of these calls. It seems like the only thing that's actually going to matter to you is the cost of the program. So, I mean, like just so we're on the same page, are you looking for the cheapest option or are looking for the option that's actually going to get you the result? And then when you say the price and they go, oh, it's too expensive or whatever, like compared to what? I'm like, what do mean? Well, you know, I mean, yeah, I mean, if you – know, $2,500, $3,500, I'm sure, you know, off the top of your head, can seem like a – a lot of money, but, you know, it really comes down to the value of getting because if I hand you the keys to a Lamborghini, I've done 100 of these calls. I found that the women that sort of make the decision, again, you know, at the end of the day, it does feel like, you know, the nerves, the anxiety around the decision are still there, right? It would be a life-changing decision if you weren't nervous about it, right? But the women that actually commit to making that change, they're the women that actually get the results, and they're the women that I want to work with. So, again, you can go have a chat with it. As I mentioned, there's only two spots left for it. I do have four calls at the end of the day. And by all means, I don't want to come across in the wrong way here. The reality is, if you go away and think about it, the decision you're making is essentially that you're okay staying exactly how you are, and nothing's going to change. Is that the decision you want to make right now?
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Because you've got to kind of, you've got to kind of, there's different ways to go about it. Like, again, it depends on the circumstance. But when it's coming down to the decision-making process, you've got to really make sure they understand. That by pushing off this decision, avoiding making this decision, you are making the decision to stay exactly how you are and nothing's going to change. So let me ask you, if that's the decision you're making, are you happy living your life the way you are?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. Yeah, cool. That's very helpful. I'm just going to listen to that on repeat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then after that, I would just do a direct R. So it's like, look, you know, again, I really want to work with the right women, the women that are committed to change. So like, I'm just going to, let's just be fully on the same page. I guess after speaking about everything we've spoken about today, what decision do you need to make right now? So when you get off this call and you go to bed tonight, you know that you've put yourself in the best possible position. So when you wake up in six months time, you're 20 kilos leaner, you're feeling happy, you're feeling healthy, you're feeling  and confident. What decision do you need to make right now to make sure that that happens? And it's like a direct ask because at that point, you know, They either have to, you can't, they're trying to avoid making decisions. So you have to either say we're moving forward or we're not moving forward, but the call ends here.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah, cool. Because, yeah, I've tried the whole like, like in the past being like, oh, well, when will you come back to me so that you're not sitting in kind of limbo? But like, obviously, they never come back to you. So now I've stopped doing that because I'm like, and I do the whole like, I have a full script for like, about you're going to get off. It's cool and your brain's going to tell you blah, blah, blah, blah. But, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So should do that at the very start because the very start of the objection cycling, we want to come across as very passive and like, I'm just here to try and help you. Like, if you want to do it, you know, I'm not here to hard sell you or anything like that. We're kind of, I like to think of it as like a friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, you know what I mean? So it's like, I need to think about it. Yeah, that's no stress. How long do you feel like you need to think about it? Right. The reason we do that is because if we go straight into objection. Handling, their guard will go right up. So it's like, let them feel like they're getting away with it. And like, bring it back to, oh, but like, you probably have questions for me. What exactly was it that you wanted to run over in your mind? Isolate the objection, and then we go into objection handling.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah, for sure. I definitely do that. But this one, she didn't even let me pitch before she brought up the, she doesn't make decisions on calls, and this is just an information gathering call. And she was really upfront about that, because she did actually say that in the messages as well. So like, I don't know if it was just like an anomaly, but that, yeah, there's lots of bits in there that I can take for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, they're hard to do, but I would just use that as a test call. You know what I mean?
Meg Tovey: She's never- it's hard, yeah, but also I'm like, she  needs it the most.
Kyle Musca: So I would love to be able to handle that's why. Yeah, but again, you've got to call her out and ask, she's trying to tell you that she knows everything. Like, well, you wouldn't be in the position you're in if you had a good decision-making process. Yeah, I So, you know what I mean? Like, shut up and make a decision.
Meg Tovey: Shut the  up. Yeah. Okay, cool. Love that.
Kyle Musca: Because otherwise they will just draw, like, yeah, 75 minutes of your time. They'll just keep  going. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: And then I felt like I was, like, hating myself because I was, like, I'm validating everything she's saying because I don't know how else to respond without sounding like a .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, don't be afraid. Again, I always like to throw in, it's your life. Like, you you can do what you want. Do you mind if I put my coaching hat on? And then you can be the biggest  you want to be. You know what I mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Coaching hat on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, you're never going to hear from them again. If you piss them off because it's too salesy, you know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Like, it doesn't matter. Yeah, I've only ever used that coaching hat on thing when I've tried to, like, do downsells, but I've never used it to, like, yeah, that would be helpful.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you do. would fire the ManyChat automation. You couldn't do that. Basically, what they were trying to do is put a form inside DMs, essentially, which is stupid because they own ManyChat. So it's like, why would you not just give them the option if we're using ManyChat? Anyway, and essentially what you'd have to do is you'd have to basically waste money on that. And then eventually, because I spoke to Meta about it, eventually you'll gain access to the normal messaging template, which, again, is stupid, but I don't know what threshold that, you know, it could be $200, it could be $1,000.
Meg Tovey: It's just like, it's not worth doing. Yeah, okay, cool. So we're scrapping that idea. Yeah. Which leads me to my last question, second last question. I was just like having a look around because I just want to like become more familiar with how everything kind of works and stuff. Um, and I noticed that only one of the graphics is actually pulling anything.
Kyle Musca: So, let's start with this one. So, what I did was I turned off the videos because the cost per lead was just way too high. What I assume is very much likely happening here.
Meg Tovey: They're very likely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they are very long. And it's a very, you know, you're giving away something relatively minor for free. You know what mean? Like, the bigger the ask, the longer the video essentially needs to be. I mean, we could definitely try some, like, really short ones if you wanted to film them. But, you know, it was just spending hours.
Meg Tovey: We weren't really getting the, you know, lead. What a break. that like that one that's like cost per, I mean, that's only, oh, amounts, like the six, the one that says six and the fives.
Kyle Musca: These ones?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, or is that not?
Kyle Musca: So that's results.
Meg Tovey: So that's popping on it. Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: But like we weren't, no one quality was actually coming through there.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You see the difference here, 15 compared to 77.
Meg Tovey: That's  annoying because obviously they're annoying to film.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's okay, though, because then you come into the engagement, sorry, the graphics, and these are pulling through really  well. know, $16 per cost per lead. And again, that, again, this is why we split test, but, and it kind of makes sense afterwards. Again, we're giving away something simple. We're giving it away. We're just trying to get hand raises here. So, I mean, they don't need a full, you know, 90-second long video explaining to them X, Y, Z. you later. Yeah. I So, yeah, they're working fantastically. That's what we're going to scale.
Meg Tovey: Just for my own info, why do, like, some of them that are on not do anything? Like, they've gotten zero. They've spent a couple of bucks, but they're not, like, pulling anything in.
Kyle Musca: Because it's running all these graphics through the algorithm, and it's using AI to figure out which ones are most likely to perform the best. And then if it finds one that is performing really well, it will budget ad spend on that. And so, it's like, this one's doing well at 66. The issue with the engagement campaign is this is the quality metrics it's going off.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, we just kind of have to hope that the lead, I'm sure that has input on it, but we have to just basically hope that the leads coming from that, you know, it just helps us to make sure that these are quality. Yeah. And it's like where we saw before was 15 and 77. It was a good quality. So. So, yeah, essentially it's just doing that. It's using AI. And it's a good thing and a bad thing because, you know, it can obviously work really, really well and vice versa. It can work really badly where it can get hooked on a really bad audience and then funnel all ad spend to that just because it's getting a result. It's like, you know, we did our job.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the direct response.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, this is one I looked at that only had one lead. Sorry, one graphic that was pulling any leads in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, similar to what I kind of just mentioned, this has just had a lot more spend because it's seen that this one has worked and this has historically worked really, really well. It's very much teetering on the point of me turning it off. Like, I turned off this one this morning, I believe. Yeah. Wait. Wait. Yeah, it turned off this morning because it had already used $30 and didn't pull through any results or leads, which is not a great time. These two haven't had enough spend. So I'm ideally hoping that one of these sort of, to be fair, we might as well turn that off. Yeah, that's all the seasonal ads. So ideally, I'm trying to get it to start spreading a little bit more ad spend over these to try and find another winner and then turn that off. If this gets too high, I'll just force it to do that and turn this one off completely.
Meg Tovey: How do you... Oh, okay, like if the cost per lead goes much higher than that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's creeping up. It's still good enough that you can get away with it. It's obviously not where we want it to be. But again, ideally, one of these pulls through for us and we can go from there.
Meg Tovey: Yep.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is, if we can get these to work well, that's something I want to cover in this, is just quickly review the conversations. The... And this could even take over as your main lead source.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then essentially what we would do is, again, if the response is there, that would be your main lead source. And then, you know, maybe we do two to three different types of lead magnets that we know work. And then we do like every three months or whatever, we do a hard push for direct response, whether that's just a normal one. Or I do really want to run a challenge because challenges go really well.
Meg Tovey: I'm filming this Friday, so I'll do that. Should I be making graphics for that as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. I'm not sure when you, we have, I mean, it's really up to you. You can just put it in there. Depending on, you're going to film this Friday.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: So, when were you? I'm to launch that.
Meg Tovey: Well, I was going to say, can we pause while I'm in Japan?
Kyle Musca: Yes. When are going there again?
Meg Tovey: Because like next Friday, Friday the 27th till I'll be back working on the 10th of March.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So in that case, I reckon aim for we start.
Meg Tovey: So it's only really one week that like I'm fully away. That doesn't sound right. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. Oh, yeah, maybe it's 11 days.
Kyle Musca: So in that case, when you say we start, I would probably say, it's always good to say like we start March 1st or something, just so it's a nice round number. You could say, sorry, April 1st. You could say we start March 30th. Either. They're up to you.
Meg Tovey: Whatever you reckon.
Kyle Musca: Deal's choice, really.
Meg Tovey: Monday's probably a good start date, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it will be like Monday makes more sense. April 1st is like the start of a new month that might resonate.
Meg Tovey: I'd probably just go March 30th. Well, we can definitely do April. Yeah. More time, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It'll only be two days. It won't in terms of marketing, Cam. Because we'll do it. You get back to 10. So basically turn everything on for a hard three-week push. One, two, three. Two weeks, yeah. I'll just go March 30th. Start to on Monday.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. In terms of the prizes, I know you asked about that as well. Essentially, what you want to do there is, I mean, if you have something to give away, fantastic. But it could be as much as like anyone that comes through to challenge you, you offer a $500 voucher to continue on.
Meg Tovey: Like one winner got whatever you said, $8,000 of something.
Kyle Musca: No, no. That's how it's meant to sound. Not meant to sound like that, but it's meant to sound like there's a lot of prizes to be up for grabs.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any more questions on that?
Meg Tovey: Just what to put in the graphics and what to make them look like and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, pretty, you kind of just want to draw the key components out of the graphics, uh, from the scripts. That's also what I was saying with make the short ones. Like you, you kind of just want a little video. It's like 15, 20 seconds max. And it's like, girls, I'm so excited. I've just launched my name, your challenge. Give it a nice name. That sounds cool. Um, I've just announced my, um, you know, get shredded challenge. We'll just call it, um, this isn't just a, another eight week booty builder. Program, copy and paste, booty builder program, specifically designed for women who need to lose 15 to 20 plus kilos over the next six months and become their strongest sexist self just in time for summer, 2026. You know what mean? And if that's not enough, there's over $8,000 in prizes. If you're to learn more, DM me the word challenge. I'm limiting, and because I'm working so closely with every single girl, I'm limiting spots to just 20. Don't wait, we start March 30th, shoot me through that DM now, and let's have a chat. So just, you see, that's just the key points of, key details of the challenge.
Meg Tovey: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Now, in terms of graphics, I mean, we've got plenty of time for these, to be fair.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, but I also want to get them done before I go away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So these are my challenge ones. No. No. Where were my challenge ones? Probably in November.
Meg Tovey: Should we even do the videos if, like, from memory, none of the videos have ever worked? I could be remembering that wrong, but I don't remember any. I feel like we've turned them off every single time.
Kyle Musca: It's always good to have both, you know I mean? Because, like, if you can get a video to work, then you're golden. I just think that... So, so many of yous. This is a social-proof one, obviously, of the last challenge winner.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, can I use those, like before and afters?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. I think this one performed quite well.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, so literally same, same. Raw image, native Instagram text, some social proof, saying it's a challenge, saying what they win.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then, again, with these, something I'm really working towards as well, always try and make them as short as possible. You know what mean? It takes a lot. Yeah. With the graphics, one thing I'd also really encourage you doing, and this is what I'm going to do moving forward, is see how quick this goes? I'm pretty sure that's even longer. That's even like, that's way longer than it lasts actually in Instagram. So what I would do is I would add these and put some royalty-free music in the background and make them an actual video, you know, like 20 seconds or something, 15 seconds.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just so it plays all the way through, because otherwise, like, I've seen it when I scroll, it's like, it only lasts for five seconds, and you can't even read it all, you know what I mean?
Meg Tovey: So it's like. Yeah. Where do I get the royalty-free? Like, how do you actually logistically make that on Instagram? Some stories?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would do, there's different ways you could do it. If you're going to do it. it. If Because I would just get my editor to do it. I can get your editor to do it. I can make the graphics and then get him to do it. You could do that or like you could just chuck it all into edits and then every like 15 seconds you just add like a new graphic, for example, with the background music.
Meg Tovey: Do you just use, but like is there music in, I've never used edits because I use CapCut. Is there music like that you can use in there that's not going to get copyrighted?
Kyle Musca: No, so edits, edits is like basically Instagram's extension app. So all the music in there would be copyrighted, copyrighted. I would, there's different places you can go for it. One, it's been a while since I've obviously done it myself. But when I used to do it, I used to do SoundCloud.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I have used another platform. platform.
Kyle Musca: I can, yeah. Otherwise, you could always YouTube as well, just royalty-free music.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Doesn't have to be correct. I mean, it doesn't even have to technically have music.
Meg Tovey: It just needs to be a video. Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: Like, you could literally just put something in the background and then turn the volume right down to zero.
Meg Tovey: As long as it plays for 15 seconds, it's fine. I have seen one of my graphics pop up, the one that's got our client on it. And when it pops up, it's playing random music.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, , yeah. Instagram does that.
Meg Tovey: The music's so cooked. It sounds like a horror movie music.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Instagram does that. It's when you go try and post it, it just starts slapping all these, like, enhancements on it and stuff, which is annoying. But, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Is that, like, good, I guess, if it's adding the music? Because then it's not going to do that thing.
Kyle Musca: If you have, if it's a video, because it's adding music to a graphic.
Meg Tovey: a going We'll right back. Bye Bye So there was a lot of like not really qualified leads because they were just like wanting recipes, not really, they didn't really, a lot of them weren't like our target client, I guess. So I'm still making my way through them. A lot of the problem was that the follow-ups weren't being done and I've since changed that. So I'm not at the point in the people yet where like from after when we changed the follow-ups to know if they've been implementing it. So I'm going to continue after our call. And then I had a couple of questions about some of the combos.
Kyle Musca: So I don't know why only four are showing here. We'll come back to that at C16. C16, it's fine. Then guys, balloons, balloons. Cover it. A bit dry.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This person's already a bit of a retard by that response.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that's what I noticed when I was going through them, like, it's not really anything the set is doing wrong. A lot of them are just  leads.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Why would you do that? Cool. Cool.
Meg Tovey: That's a profile picture.
Kyle Musca: Nice. Yeah. you. I'm going to try and justify the ask here. So amazing, glad it opened for you. I'd love to see, again, reword it, but like basically saying, I'd love to see how I could potentially help you further. What have you been struggling most when it comes to losing that 10 to 20 kilos?
Meg Tovey: Sorry, amazing. And then just so I can edit it in the thing.
Kyle Musca: I would say like amazing. And then you always just justify why you're about to ask something. So it's like, I'd love to, again, I'd reword it, but essentially I'd love to see if there's anything else I can, you know, I'd love to help you. I'd I'd love to help you get most out of the goal-setting guide. You know, what's been the thing that you're struggling most with when it comes to losing that 10 to 20 kilos? Something like that. Again, I would reword it, but like, you know what mean? If you just go straight into what have you been struggling with, it's like, yeah, it can kind of start to seem salesy. But like, again, you just want to kind of come across as a friendly neighborhood, so I don't know. I'm working full-time. Okay. So, for some reason, these people...
Meg Tovey: Which is that one?
Kyle Musca: The Goal Lead Mag Qualifier one.
Meg Tovey: Goal. Oh, the top one. So I just clicked on. What am I clicking on? I clicked on there.
Kyle Musca: So click on the 12, and then it will say tag these contacts.
Meg Tovey: Oh, wait, hang on. It doesn't say 12. Why is it doing that? Hang on. Can I steal the screen check? Because I don't know why it's not telling me 12.
Kyle Musca: Let me stop showing one. Yep. Go for it. Go uh so you have to click out of it so click into automations on the top left and then yeah there you go what am i tagging the math that that one yeah lead mag qualified yep it's not working nice it is metal um that's not ideal but what we can do is doing i'll share my screen again i'll try and do that later on save the work we should just be able to do this she did a call didn't have
Meg Tovey: Didn't even have a  dollar. But I still did it anyway because I was like, , I'll try. I'll try and sell something cheaper. This was me. This is the very first person that opted in and it was not set up properly. That's the same one you just looked at. I don't know why it's duplicating. So is the one above it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, .
Meg Tovey: That's what you said before.
Kyle Musca: What's that, Sarah?
Meg Tovey: I just sent in the chat what you'd said before for the setter.
Kyle Musca: What I'll do, yeah. Let's write it and I'll change it. I also love to help you on your journey. I'd also love to help. How would you say that? I'd also love to help you on your journey and help point you in the right direction. Something like that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that's fine. I can edit it once. I see the full thing anyway to make it a bit more me sounding. Or even like and give you a bit. More guidance once you've set the goals or something. I don't know. Although then that's like delaying it, so probably not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'd also love to help you on your journey and point you in the right direction. Do you have a specific goal, weight, or focus in mind with your health and fitness?
Meg Tovey: I'd probably say ATM at the end of that question.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Something like that. So essentially the setter would skip that if they've replied and then just go straight into like, what do you feel like is holding you back?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: See how that goes.
Meg Tovey: Um, yeah, it looks like there's been heaps. It's just hard to know if they are from our link tree or if they're from, I don't know. Oh, no, sorry. Hang on. I can check the form directly.
Kyle Musca: So this is this chick. I wonder if it's duplicating and sustain.
Meg Tovey: I've had 19. So yeah, pretty good opt-in, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's still a bit early. I don't want to change too much. It's still a bit early. But it's a bit annoying that it's not filtering those. to change, I I действительно… I ...
Meg Tovey: Just keep tracking that each day and try and  get it to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, it just doesn't, we haven't, there's not enough data to really pull through there yet. I don't know why it's not letting us do that. Because, yeah, it's a 16 when that, . Even if these girls all did it multiple times, I think that's just a bug. Sustain, sustain. Nutrition, nutrition. Yeah, so that's, something's wrong there. Unless there's like one that's, is there a different lead magnet? No.
Meg Tovey: I had lots of lead magnets on ManyChat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, those are the, yeah. So this is with the new tagging of them.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I've never done the tag thing before.
Kyle Musca: a back. I won't think, give you releasedх Um, yeah, we want to probably turn them off, like, two or three days before you leave, really.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Oh, yeah, true. Yeah. Worst case, Loz can do the calls, like, if any stragglers book in, she's going to do any of the organic calls, but she's not, definitely not qualified to be doing many.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Um, okay. Yeah, that should be sweet. And then, yeah, you'll get the challenge stuff filmed, and we can go from there.
Meg Tovey: Um, and then just one more question with the webinar thing in ManyChat, if I can just...
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Um... So... Oh.
Kyle Musca: Just, like, add that, essentially.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because otherwise I spent ages going back and forward, and, like, as soon as I added the screenshot, I started doing it properly.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. Do you have any one top of mind that I could get a presentation screenshot from?
Kyle Musca: Just people that do a lot of that stuff. So, like, Alex and Moses was one that I used. Russell Brunson would have heaps on YouTube, I'm sure.
Meg Tovey: Okay, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just those, you know, already people already doing them.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. All right, cool. Cool, cool, cool. Thank you so much.
Kyle Musca: All right.
Meg Tovey: All right, well, keep me updated how that goes.
Kyle Musca: And, yeah, if we can get these lead magnet things to work for us, then we are pumping.
Meg Tovey: Bye. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. All right, cheers. Bye.
Meg Tovey: Bye.


>>> 98/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-18T07:10:13Z | id:123213340
People: Kyle Musca

Arran Humphreys: I took his word for it. I didn't make him pay for the phone.
Kyle Musca: You never take the word for it. I just use a justified, justified. Yeah, sweet, bro. So in that case, you know, we'll get you set up, man. It takes about two minutes, man. Just need a few more things from you just to sort of get started. I usually sort of give them a decoy. You know what mean? Like, here's a form to fill out some  like that. If you can onboard them onto your app very quickly, it should only take a minute or shouldn't take long, right? You just need to justify why you keep them on the call. They take that first step. Sweet, bro. Last thing I need to do is I'll just show you through the payment link there, bro. If could just, like, fill that out for me, we're good to go. I'll fill it out for a second. Yeah, it's all good, man. It's only going to take, like, literally 20 seconds max.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, just ...
Arran Humphreys: , man. When I tell you I was in the shitest mood the whole rest of the day because I did that, eh? It just  my...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, you never, ever, cardinal rule, there's no  ends, ifs, or buts about it. If they get off the phone and they haven't paid, they will not pay.
Arran Humphreys: No.
Kyle Musca: Maybe they will pay.
Arran Humphreys: There's a 2% chance they'll pay, but you don't want to risk it.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, obviously, there's a whole thing with Ricky in there, man. Hopefully, this new trick does seem a lot better. I spent a  full hour with her going over everything and basically making sure, like, , you better do this right.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I spent a bit last night with her, too, because she sent a few messages from the wrong script. So, I just, like, pulled her up on it and just made sure she understood. And then she seemed pretty good after that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Honestly, like, if you've got the time, I would even just spend the time with her and role-play setting with her.
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, so yeah, yeah, cool. So Ron and you, well, let's go through this together.
Arran Humphreys: Did you get that check-in form done? Nah, that's what I was trying to just fill out, bro, before we jumped on the thing. Yeah, okay, so three calls total? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: How many of them came from ours?
Arran Humphreys: Two.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Arran Humphreys: From what I remember, unless I, because I was just going through all the DMs and  then. I had a few, fair few no-shows, but.
Kyle Musca: How many calls total booked?
Arran Humphreys: Let me go look. Yeah. Wow.
Kyle Musca: And have you got Koha level set up?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, probably.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, go high level was handy. One, two, three, four, four calls taken, and there would have been seven booked.
Kyle Musca: How many of those seven were ads?
Arran Humphreys: Let me have a look. Sorry, bro. This is what I was doing.
Kyle Musca: Are you filling out your call sheet?
Arran Humphreys: That, um, the, uh, the data one.
Kyle Musca: So I do it at the end. So this is the call sheet you should fill out. Because this will go into your CEO dashboard, but then you can kind of come in here and say, cool, so from the, you know, the 11th, I've taken that many calls. So that many showed up, sold that many, you know what mean? Like it's all that data in one place for you.
Arran Humphreys: I don't think I even have that, eh? A cool sheet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just very simple. Obviously it's very self-explanatory, but it just helps track that simple data.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, sick. Oh.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So there's that. Yeah, so how many of them were ads?
Arran Humphreys: Four. They had one, they had one yesterday. Didn't know I showed.
Kyle Musca: Have you filled this in? No.
Arran Humphreys: Nah, so I do it at the end of the, um, wait, should I do it? Should I do it? As it's gone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we're going to have this call on Wednesday, so I'd have it updated by Tuesday.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, all right.
Kyle Musca: Just so the data is super fresh.
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: So in terms of four calls from ads, you had 12, 13 there.
Arran Humphreys: I'm just getting heaps of lads, like, they  fill out all the questions in the same shipment. Like, I sent them that first message and then just no response after it. So they fill out the qualification, they qualify working full-time, and I was, like, straight on it, bro, today. Bang. Respond to them. No good. Even send, like, a voice memo. And then they just .
Kyle Musca: I mean, so, yeah, again, you fill out, um, so you fill out this, but even off that, man, obviously, it's not heaps of volume. You're still sitting at 25%, um, and again, that's with subpar setting, you doing it type of thing, so if anything, we should see an increase in that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You'll get a lot of time wasters, dude, like, it's normal, don't get too down about that. If you start just focusing on, oh, everyone's wasting my  time, um, it's gay and it's annoying, don't me wrong, but, um, you get into a very negative headspace with it.
Arran Humphreys: Yo, yo.
Kyle Musca: Uh, is this you?
Arran Humphreys: Would have been, yeah.
Kyle Musca: How come you dropped that on him?
Arran Humphreys: Well, that's what that other script, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, man, well, he.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, is me? What's that? When was that, Fathom? I don't know if that was me.
Kyle Musca: It was 16 on SSLB, so. Thank you.
Arran Humphreys: Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. . So biggest issue seeing now, obviously, you're doing it, just the delay.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Negative of you doing it. out of here, mate.
Arran Humphreys: Are you back in Thailand now?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, this is  annoying me. Oh, mate, what are you  doing? It's the 18th.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah, so that, oh, so you can, um, like, filter it out, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: That  was from ages ago. That's just my mate.
Kyle Musca: See you after this?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Was this you conversating then?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Site manager construction, good job.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's what I was thinking. So like,  surely I can get discount, eh?
Kyle Musca: Wouldn't go in with that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Ken, because you're kind of already accusing him of  her out. Sorry, bro, I was  half pissed off because someone cancelled it in the morning. Yeah. Yeah, I would just be like, also, it should be the day before, you know what mean? Don't do it on the day, it's too late notice.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what's happened here is he last spoke to him on Monday, forgets about it, Tuesday makes plans, Wednesday afternoon, by the time that comes through, oh, , I'm busy.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And so it's like Tuesday night, so they can, or the night before, so they can confirm. But like, it should be, hey, bro, going through my calendar tomorrow, can confirm we're good for 5 p.m. Can you just let me know, can you just confirm on your own that you're still good for that time? That'd be awesome.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I kind of, tradies can definitely work, like they've got money and stuff and everything. I kind of moved away for tradies just because a lot of them are just  retards, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: That's what I'm finding. They've all got like a bit of like a  ego or something.
Kyle Musca: They're all an ego. It's also like very typical tradie culture just to sort of be like a bit of a fat , you know what I mean? Like, yeah, yeah. Eat like , drink like , look like , but just sort of  take it on the chin.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I don't know what the  this , he was like, yeah, let's do it. And then I ring him. Because he said, because look, he scrolled up, look at his message before that. Please don't take this wrong way, but I'm a bit sus on this being on here. Is there something you can show? So I just sent him a voice memo.
Kyle Musca: Like, what do you want me to show you, Tom? Shut up. I mean, that's still, if he gets on the call, concrete has made good money.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
Kyle Musca: Full-time carpenter?
Arran Humphreys: I responded to that, like,  instantaneously, too.
Kyle Musca: I don't know why the  he said full-time carpenter, but...
Arran Humphreys: He doesn't know why.
Kyle Musca: It's your current age, full-time carpenter. I mean, overall...
Arran Humphreys: This fella no-showed me the fucker. That was the day... That was just, like, the day before he booked it, too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so... Yeah, see, there's just... Oh, Monday. What I would even, again, yeah, what I would do there, so that was booked on Monday, you should have done that voice message the morning of, because you can see, just forgot about it. So it's Monday, sorry, the day before is the, can you confirm you're still good for it? The morning of is, cheers, cheers for confirming on your end. So it's the actual voice note, you got to send the voice note.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that voice note, yeah, run through what the call is for.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that's where you kind of call them out if they haven't replied back to you. Be like, brother, you know, I block out the whole hour out for you. Can you please get back to me ASAP?
Arran Humphreys: Make sure you let me know if you're good for it. Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Be like, know, I out of hour hour hour whole Again, this is you conversating, so it's a little bit harder to add to personalization. Don't know, you can't be . With this, I don't know if this was you or whoever, but again, always ask the question in its own text block.
Arran Humphreys: Different text block. Okay. I'll tell the set of that, too, because she was combining them yesterday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because what will happen is they'll skim over it, and then they'll probably, like I do it as well, probably read up to here, and then be like, oh, yeah, I know where this is going, and then you kind of just don't even read that.
Arran Humphreys: Whereas, like, when you send it and then send the question, it, like, stands out, so you read that and then that. Yep. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Appreciate it for me. Also on this, again, this is you doing it. Maybe we didn't change it, but what's his name? Cody. SexyTricks. Hey, yeah, Cody. Yeah, whatever the script says. Cheers for that, Cody. I'm struggling with new training while trying to, you know, cut some weight or something I see all the time.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, the new script's got that in there now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: That I've just sent to the setter. And I'm using that now from now on.
Kyle Musca: Oh, is this her?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's her, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Good. I mean, that's not a retarded reply. It's better than looking.
Arran Humphreys: I was actually like, he's  being a dry . And she's actually handling it pretty good, so.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's hard. Like, I wouldn't confuse her or anything like that. But I would probably, you know, once she's trained and confident in the role and stuff, and this is, again, I'll work with her on this as well. I would probably be like, you know, got to give me a bit more than that, brother.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But again, I don't want to say that to her and get  confused in her and  too early.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so I don't know if this is you or Ricky, think it was probably Ricky, but that was just a dead conversation.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, it was Ricky.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's hard to tell because there hasn't been enough. Again, this is Ricky. I mean, the newer conversations seem to be decent.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, so Hard to really tell just yet from that one conversation Nadine had. seemed better. So to run you through this road, basically, that  with the video editing, I'd go say to him, like, brother, if you don't have him back in 24 hours,  shoot me a refund.
Arran Humphreys: I'll find someone else who can do it. Yeah. Well, I text, what did he say?
Kyle Musca: Just because it's just . Like, we've only, like, we got some, because we obviously did so many different versions of this, we , you know, had heaps of different versions to split test. Yeah. But it's still only one video, one angle, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's very true, bro.
Kyle Musca: Now, in saying that, though, there are three that pull through for us here. Turn this one off, this one's spent too much. $35 cost per lead,  beautiful. Yeah. $16, it's only spent $16, but still really good. And then $42, still really So those three are starting to come through for us now. They're pretty much the only four ads on. These two haven't really got too much spend, so it should double down on these. Then in terms of the graphics, we've got... Yeah, we've got this bad boy pulling through for $21. So, my  thing would load. Nice. $21. Brother. Yep, $21. And then I've turned these off because they weren't pulling through for us, but $21,  beautiful there as well. So... So we've got some, our winning ads are starting to come through for us, Matt, as long as they don't spike up too much or anything like that. Yeah. So we should get, again, as long as they stay around those targets, we should, I mean, they're half, less than half of what we're doing right now. So we should get pretty much essentially, hopefully, at least double the amount of actual leads come through.
Arran Humphreys: So is that how it works, bro? So we're sort of like, you spend the ad spend on all of them to split test it, and then once you find the winning ones, then you turn the others off and you just pump all the ad spend into the winning ones. Is that what we're going to do?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially. So you just test work. Like testing is gay and expensive, but my philosophy is just take it on the chin, get it out of the way, figure out which one's going to win, and then you can double down on that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. Okay. All right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, again, if those numbers stay there, you'll be fine. You'll be  baller.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, sick.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool.
Arran Humphreys: Because, yeah, that's what I was just confused about. was just a bit, didn't know what was going on. So that's good, then. That's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, any questions on any of that?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, man. Like, if you're, like, that's going good, that's good. And then, obviously, bro, like, if, like, what your thoughts are doing the other, like, my other scripts to try and target other people, I listened to what you said today about those graphics, like, to where, how I was targeting them. So I'll change that up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So we'll run through them now, actually.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you can use ChatGPT. But don't over-rely on it because, like, I help driven men rebuild their presence, strength, and drop 8 to 12 kilos in 16 weeks. It just doesn't sound, like, human, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've just been, I've been trying to like teach it, like giving it all the documents and , trying to make, trying to make the  learn.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's hard to do it. You've got to spend some proper time on it. Yeah. With that, I would always add in like a pain point word. So it's like sick of avoiding taking your shirt off because you're insecure about your body. It's only going to get worse.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm looking for, you know, eight men who want to drop 10 to 12 kilos in the next 16 weeks. Even that, again, we want a nice, big, strong, bold promise. That's why I said 10 plus kilos in 12 weeks. So something along those lines. You know, you might do 10 to 15 kilos over the next 16 weeks, for example.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Right? Okay. And then you might want to relate dream outcomes. So I'm looking for eight men who want to drop 10 to 15 kilos over the next six weeks and get into the best shape of their life or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: You know I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, if that's you, DM me ready and let's have a chat. Something like that. You notice how I'm not saying, like, driven men and, you know, obviously, presence and stuff is  that. So you carry responsibility, business, family, pressure. I read that and, like, this comes instantly about to sell me something, scroll. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it's not to say it won't work. Like, this is... mean? We've got 16 graphics we can really play around with. So I'm not saying like necessarily don't do these. We can run them. Like I could be wrong. I mean, that's the thing about split testing is you never  know until you run it. But I would also just have some more, you know, generic. Again, we're trying to do broad. When you start bringing in driven, you know, business, family stuff, we're niching down a little bit too much. You know, a dude that runs a business is going to reply to an ad saying, you want to drop 10 to 20 kilos over, you know, if you're a business owner, I'll help you drop. I mean, could, again, there's different ways you could do it.
Arran Humphreys: I get you.
Kyle Musca: See, even business owner to me sounds better than like a hardworking, career-driven man. I mean, I identify with being a business owner. You know what I mean? I don't identify being a hardworking. Inside a 16-week performance reset.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. They're like,  yeah, that sounds sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like it's a goal that I can actually think of, you know what mean? Rebuild the physique. I don't like saying rebuild and like ChatGPT always likes to say like get your confidence back again and stuff.
Arran Humphreys: That assumes that they've ever had a physique to start with, you know what mean? Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: So it's like if there's a guy that's been a fat cunny his whole life, he's not going to relate with, I help busy men rebuild their physique. It's like, well, I've always looked like . If you want to say Malcolm, yeah, if you want to be next, DM me change. Yep. That's cool. So yeah, definitely ChatGPT does this for me as well. Can't start it with, this isn't Febron. Yeah. Got that. I hope high-performing men align their physique. I mean, that's not too bad. Yeah, I mean, that's, out of all of them, that's my favorite.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, the only thing I'll change there is tangible goals. I hope high-performing men cut 10 to 15 kilos. I probably wouldn't use the word income and stuff, though, because then we're going, like, I want, you know, money in that  money. Yeah, I hope high-performing men. Again, I'll probably, I'll probably change that to, I'll help busy men. that to, I'll change I'll change I'll Drop 10 to 15 kilos within six weeks.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So their physique matches their work ethic or something. You know what I mean? If you're tired and neglecting your body and you want a six-week transformation structure suited to your busy life, DM change. Great. The other thing while we're on this, and especially if you're going to create a few new ones, man, try and make them in a four-by-five aspect ratio so they fit on a feed.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, okay. Not a story.
Kyle Musca: We will place it on a story as well. Like, it will fit on both. Yeah. But if we can do it in a four-by-five aspect, then we can put it on the feed. Whereas if we put it on feed now, these would fit. That's why I'm saying it. And I could crop it, but, like, you know, you might as well just make it. Like, what I would probably do, the perfect, like, happy medium here. what, what, what Yeah, couple of things. Perfect happy medium would be if it's on a 9 by 16 aspect ratio, but when I upload it, like it all fits within a 4 by 5 aspect on the screen, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So it can be both. Yeah, so then it fits nicely on both. The second thing I would recommend doing here is make these videos. So make them like a 15 to 20 second video. Okay, let's double check. long does... Story. Story. Story. Story. Story. Yeah. That's what I thought, up to five seconds. So the issue with this is it doesn't last long enough. mean, energy dropping, waistline growing, that's not age, that's lack of structure. And then I'll just look down here and it's next story.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what I would do is I'll put it together. I'd put like a 15 and probably just add these to edits or something. You could just put a sound in the background and then just like turn the volume right down to zero. But as long as it's like an actual video that lasts 15 seconds.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Righto. I can do that. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Righto. Thank you. Again, this is again coming back into the chat GPT wording, energy dropping, waistline growing. I also don't like doing the full stops there as well because it's like no one does that unless it's chat GPT. Energy dropping, waistline growing, it's not age, it's lack of structure. Yeah, something I could see here is like, are you a, are you a bloke in his 30s? you. You know, all these guys lost at least 10 kilos in, again, all these guys lost at least 12 kilos, bold promise, again, depending on what they actually  did. But all these guys lost 15 kilos or more in 16 weeks or less, all still running businesses and still working full-time.
Arran Humphreys: If you're a busy, hard-working bloke and want the same outcome, DM me ready. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You don't need another diet. You need a higher standard. You hold responsibility, hand and pressure. Again, don't know what I'm talking about here.
Arran Humphreys: don't need that.
Kyle Musca: Like, I can make a vague assumption, but if this just pops up in my feed, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. All right.
Kyle Musca: you. Like, even just adding, like, sick of being 10 to 15 kilos overweight, you don't need another diet, you need a higher standard. Yeah. Yeah, so I'll just, yeah, I would just manually reword again. And ChatGPT is just not going to do the job properly.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. That's fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, again, I'd avoid this. Honestly, bro, if I was you, the best thing you could do, like, in terms of getting used to it, is pull up the... Yeah. Yeah. Thank Because this is what I do every week now, and it's so much more efficient. Is just pull up these, go to, you know, one that you want to use, or filter through them, whatever, and just talk off the top of your head, but following these. And it's like, because it's pretty easy to do, right? Hook, you know, again, be very, hook, hooks is, it's the same concept, right? Hook needs to draw them in within the first 30s, the first three seconds, and they need to know exactly what you're talking about, who you're talking to, and what you're offering. Not what you're offering, but like, again, they should, you know, shouldn't be confusing what you're  talking about.
Arran Humphreys: Like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? If you're a dude in his 30s, who, again, like I said before, if you're a dude in his 30s, who feels like... Like your energy is constantly dropping, yet your waistline is constantly growing. This video is for you. Problem. Let me guess. You wake up early, go to work, you flog yourself. Again, this is, let's just go on the trade side thing. Let's just do broadband. Let me guess. You wake up early, you work hard, and by the time you get home, you feel absolutely ruined. That's the problem. It can just be as simple as that because we want these to be nice and short. You're an agitation, right? Um, and, and, and every time you look in the mirror, you feel ashamed. Not just because you've let yourself go, but because you know you hold yourself to a higher standard that you're just not following through on. That's exactly why it's a solution. That's exactly why I designed my 16-week, you know, performance. If we're going to do, if I was going to do something like that, I would do repetition. Uh. Um. 16-week power performance program. That's just very off the top of my head, be the point, right? Yeah. It's specifically designed to help guys that work 40 to 50 plus hours a week manage a busy schedule while cutting 10 to 15 kilos over the next 16 weeks. I'm going to take out all the guesswork for you. So all you have to do is just show up, follow the game plan, and get mind-blowing results. All right, that's a solution. Action. If you're to learn a little bit more about what's involved, deem the word performance, right?
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then I always like to reinforce it just to give it a little bit more time for it to sink in. So it's like deeming the word performance. But I'm going to be straight up. I only work with dudes that are actually serious about making a change. If I think you're going to dick or... around or you're going to waste my time. I'll tell you straight to your face that I'm not the right guy for you. But if you're serious about getting into the best physical and mental shape of your life, then shoot me through that DM. Let's have a chat.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man, just purely off the top of my head. Because as long as you're following the script, it's fine. And it comes off exactly how you would say it, with no AI  influence. Because AI always uses the same . It doesn't matter how hard you program it. But, you know, I've gotten mine to a point where it's pretty good, just because I've just done so much work with it. But even then, like, if it's, if I'm usually writing the script for someone, I'll pretty much manually rewrite the whole thing.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: All right. So this is basically HPPC, just PPC, proof, promise, plan. Sorry, proof, plan, insight. That should actually be proof, plan, promise, which is the CTA. So, okay, I'm going to do Fox. Unless that's in here somewhere else, which it probably  is, to be honest. Yeah. So, again, if you're a man in his 30s who feels like his waistline is constantly growing, so his energy is constantly dropping, but his waistline is constantly growing, this video is for you. All right. This is Tim. Tim works 60 hours a week. Tim runs his own business and works over 60 hours a week. He came to me because he was, his energy was in the gutter, and he was ashamed at how far he let himself go. Fast forward 16 weeks, Tim's dropped 15 kilos. Not only is he in the best physical shape With his life. He's never been more focused with his work or something like that. Again, just off the top of my head, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You could even say, you know, now the plan, now the plan's simple, right? I'm going to give you everything you need. Now the plan's simple. I'm going to give you all the structure you need so you don't have to think about anything. All you have to do is show up, follow the game plan, and get mind-blowing results, right? All right? I'm going to build you a schedule that works with your busy lifestyle instead of against it. All right? Promise. Now the promise could be, and by the end, not only will you be in the best physical and mental shape of your life, you'll have all the tools necessary to make sure you never struggle with it again, or it could even be a guarantee. And I'm so confident that this works, that if you sign up, follow the process, and don't  get a mind-blowing result, I'll give you all your money back plus $500 cash, whatever, right? Thank you. you. you. you. What the first step should be. that is exactly why I've just brought back my dollar-a-day programs. I'm going to give you access to the exact same systems that allowed Craig to drop 11 kilos and completely change his life. Hell, Caleb dropped 17 kilos while building muscle in the process, so he didn't look like a bag of skin at the end. And if you really want to see what's possible, Lucas dropped over 20 kilos in just three months. Now, for just a dollar a day, you'll get a full training program. Plan. Right. Multiple meal plans with all your calorie macro targets. Access to my custom-built app that makes tracking all your progress extremely easy. And I'm even going to throw in full access to my entire educational series. If you sign up, follow the promise plan, and you don't think it's worth a dollar a day, all you have to do is just shoot me an email, and I'll give you a full refund. No questions asked. So if you're to learn a little bit more about what's involved, deem me the word dollar-a-day, and I'll shoot you through all the details. Now, every time I run my dollar-a-day programs, the influx of people for wanting to jump on them is insane. And it usually gets to the point where I have to just close it down. So if you're serious about cutting the fat, then don't wait.
Arran Humphreys: Shoot me through that DM, and I'll chat to you soon. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what And that's just like me sitting down, just following this structure off the top of my head. And it literally takes me like 20 minutes to film. It's  so much easier.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, righto. How does that dollar-a-day thing work?
Kyle Musca: How do you get money out of that? So this is going to be more of a complex pipeline, but they sign up for the $27 thing. And then I'm going to try and instantly upsell them on a high-ticket one-to-one coaching.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: But like they've already paid me. So it shows that they're – so there's a few different ways it works. One is they already – I'll have to – again, it's more complex than the funnel we're on. You have to get qualified versus unqualified, and they go into different pipelines. So unqualified, you're doing like a low-ticket continuation sell. If it's a high-ticket qualified, we try and upsell them by giving them a really good offer. So it's like I know you signed up for the $27, you know, the dollar-a-day program. Honestly, I think you're going to need a lot more than that. I know you signed up for that program. researching right now. I'm trying I'll upgrade you and I'll give you a completely free month of one-to-one coaching. Absolutely free to make up for it. Again, you've got to be refined. And then there's like a second upsell. Again, it's a lot more of a complicated funnel. The idea of it though is if I can get a cost-back purchase under $27, essentially my front-end marketing is free. And I can just  spend a million dollars a month on ads and I'd break even.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. That's hectic.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, see how it goes. even the same concept for everything. These are my direct response ads. I don't like that one as much. That one's a bit dark. Let me do one. All right, brother. Let me take a guess. You started 2026 with the promise that this was the year you're to finally drop that 10 to 20 kilos of fat. See, that's always a very tangible hook. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One thing I made the mistake on these ones, and ever since then, I've corrected it a lot. Don't  yell. You know what mean? Shouldn't go for a minute 30. Ideally, want them like 30 seconds to 45 seconds.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And every time you kick this can down the road another week, it's another week of you knowing that you're not living up to the full potential of the man that you could be. Well, that's exactly where I come in. I'll give you all the structure, guidance, and accountability to make sure that 2026 doesn't end up another year of you failing to follow through on the promises you made. And if you're wondering what's possible, Doug came to me. And see how this doesn't sound like AI, because there's no AI included into it. If you start using AI to even like structure it a little bit, your mind will go down paths of what the... The AI said to you, and it'll come out, not AI-ish, but, like, too heavily AI-influenced, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I get you.
Kyle Musca: Because then every other   that runs an ad is, like, chucks a script through AI, and it all gives them the same  thing in different wording.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I get you.
Kyle Musca: You look like it. I also like to throw social proof in as much as possible now. But, like, worst case comes to worst. You can just, like, cut it down. So, can see, like, this ad. This was the original one I filmed. This is the one that I really very much learned that I need to stop  talking so much because it went for, like, a minute 40. And then it's, like, I just went back and forth, basically did the same thing I told you to do with your editor and just, you know, cut it down. So, I have a minute 40 version. I have a minute 14 version. And then I have a 51-second version. It's all the exact same ad. It just cuts It Don't lose 20 kilos and then get back to you because I guarantee you're probably a pretty good looking dude and if you feel like you need a little bit of a hand to do it properly and someone there to actually keep you accountable, DM me the word shred and let's have a chat to see where you're at, where you need to be, what is it actually going to take you and we'll get you there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like I just, reaction video and just add the CTA to the end of it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, sick.
Kyle Musca: I would go into the mindset of like, I'm going to post these organically. So, don't get me wrong, if you can throw in some social proof, that's both organically and for ads, that's always going to do you well. So, by all means, throw it in there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, I might do a bit of both. I'm going to start doing heaps more than reactions because me organic's gone  dog  recently. I don't know what's going on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, man, it also is about consistency as well with them. Like, don't chop and change your style of content. The reaction videos were doing like pretty well for you. So, it's like, don't try and like...
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, because I guess I was trying to like find out what would do the best. think I've sort of tried all sorts of styles and now I've got a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and now you just need to do like one. So find out which one you get the most traction on and then just double down on that because you need to like, you need to become known for that piece of content. And when you go look at like big creators, they don't  do, you know, any, like they'll just do the same thing on repeat. You know what mean? Like mine's just purely reactions, right? Who else is there? I mean, most of them are reactions, to be honest. That's just what's in, you know what I mean, people. Reactions are like the trending audio  transformation type .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One thing I would also do with the reactions as well, man, is let the video leverage itself a bit more and don't put your head in it. So, Michael is a bit like this, man. The perfect formula for a reaction video, bro. Let the video play, right? Hopefully the videos can be any length, but like the longer the better. To a degree. like maybe 10, 15, 20 seconds. Yeah. And then say one or two things, like one or two sentences max. What did I just watch? Uncle, how did you do that? Well, I'll it. I don't know, 2K.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. Do you coach this side too?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, you know, when people see your head and everything like that and they don't know you, they'll just keep scrolling.
Arran Humphreys: But leverage the video, the virality of the video more. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And even if you go on my profile, I'm not going to do it right now. But if you go on my profile and scroll down to where I was getting like millions of views and everything in like December, think it was November or whatever. The ones that got, you know, millions of views were the exact same as that. It was just like the video. And then I just said, it's like one or two clips max.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, righto. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Cool. Any questions on any of that?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, man. That's all good.
Kyle Musca: See you, man. man. All right, cool. Let me know how Nadine goes and keep a close eye on that. And yeah, should be good.
Arran Humphreys: Sweet. Also, let me know how the  edit is going as well. Tell that Kandari out. Yeah, I will. Thanks, bro. All right, cheers, bro. Bye. See you, man.


>>> 99/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-18T07:34:47Z | id:123218748
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Have you got a new, like a different calendar to book them in on if they're a lead magnet?
Callum Hinze: Nah, that would probably be SMART, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just make a duplicate, just put it as like a different color just so you can separate where people are coming from.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: Let's go, okay. So it means that the direct stuff's doing really, really well, which is fantastic.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I'll hear there's one tomorrow from the lead magnet that's put in.
Kyle Musca: Okay, beautiful. Now, how, so 15 calls booked, 11 taken, 7 clients signed, which is awesome. Organic vids, beautiful. Did you update the CEO dashboard?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Only thing I haven't done is the many chat lead thing because of the wigging out. Yeah. But yeah, rest is updated.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. So the 3rd to the 9th, the 9th to the 13th, is that right?
Callum Hinze: I've been doing it Sunday to Monday, so that'd be, what'd I do? The 6th to the 15th. No, that's not right. What was last Monday? I did it from last Monday to this Sunday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 9th to the 15th. So the 9th to the, yep, okay, gotcha. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Subscribed, so that 15. What have we got? 28. So I'd assume that's incorrect in meta. Let's find that. Shall we go? Thank Let's Oh, what? Okay. Why that would be different is because let's maybe add that into this thing, because that's okay. So So you can see where I'm at. I'll shut my screen. So these are the direct response stuff. Your videos, I'm culling these back heavily. Hence why I wrote more scripts for Yeah, so did you see them come through?
Callum Hinze: I did have a quick skim through, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. I worded them mostly, but I did intentionally kind of, I'm going to intentionally leave them up to you to like reword a little bit, just to really get your voice and everything down how you would say it. Now, these are the only two sort of last survivors of the video ads that were previously filmed. Yep. Just because they just weren't pulling through how we want them to, so we might as well just call them.
Callum Hinze: I saw some of the new ones went up. Was that just any recent?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so those, again, I was waiting for them. I was seeing if any of those had pulled through. None of them did. So, yeah, I got these ones up.
Callum Hinze: I like these in terms of the way they turned out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we'll see.
Callum Hinze: How long did they go up? Just like really recent?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yesterday, yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, just saw a few notifications on them pop up like today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so we'll see how they go.
Callum Hinze: If I, I like, like, I look at these, those three videos there I look at and I'm like, if I was a client, these are the ones that would stand out to me, like the way the videos are structured.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so. Yeah, so that's, so what I would do there, man, is I would, and this is something I'm trying to get with people, like the, like now that you're more experienced, we've done video scripts and everything before. Or, I would, I would honestly sit, so for me, for example, every Tuesday I set, like in my morning, I just filmed three brand new ads. And I just do them off the top of my head with no script, just following these frameworks here. These frameworks here. So these are how the scripts are written, like in terms of the frameworks that follows. So, you know, problem, sorry, the passer. So PPP, SSS. So like you can kind of, I just sort of sit down and look at these and we go on, okay, hook, proof, promise, plan, right? If you're a guy who, if you're a guy in your 30s looking to lose 10 kilos over the next three months, this is for you, right? Promise. This is one of my clients, Mark. He came to me working 40 to 50, he came to me working 50 hours a week, 50 hours a week, and he was feeling disappointed with how far he'd let himself go. Fast forward 12 weeks later, he dropped 15 kilos. Not only was he in the best physical shape of his life, he'd been more focused than he'd ever felt before, right? So that's a proof, plan. The way we do it is simple, right? I take care of all the guesswork so you don't have to think about anything. All you have to do is just show up, train hard, and execute on the plan, right? From there, we see how your body responds. And we make adjustments accordingly to make sure you get the best results possible. All right. Plan, promise. Now, promises are two things. Promises can be either a big, bold outcome or like a guarantee. So let's say like, and by the end, not only will be in the best physical shape of your life, you'll be in the best mental shape you've ever been in as well. That's that kind of promise. Otherwise, it's like, I'm so confident that this works that if you follow the game plan and you don't achieve a result, what you're absolutely stoked with, not only will I give you a full refund, I'll give you $500 cash in return. right. Can be, again, you can, you can play around with them. And then it's just obviously called action. If you're keen to, you know, take your physique to your next level, or if you're keen to, you know, learn a little bit more about how I do things, deem the word performance and let's have a chat.
Callum Hinze: Simple.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I literally just sit down and I just come up with it, like on the top of my head, based off everything else I've ever done.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, okay. And then I guess that's just insights more just natural wording, I guess, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because everyone, like, I obviously trained the AI heavily and it's got heaps of frameworks and heaps of background knowledge to go off and then I manually rewrite them. But it's like nothing will ever compare to just completely coming from your own words exactly how you'd say it in the way you'd want to say it to who you want to say it to. You know what mean? Yeah. And the other thing as well is, like, every Tom, Dick, and Harry now just uses ChatGPT to a really base-level  degree. So it's like now every single ad is just  the same thing rinsed and repeated, you know, basically said the exact same way. So it's like it's literally just going to be a huge pro just to be able to sit down and talk without using AI to write it for you, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Any questions on any of that?
Callum Hinze: No, that is, that makes a lot of sense.
Kyle Musca: of questions And the reason I say try and do it yourself is just because like if you can get into the point where it's just like you pump out three videos every single week and it's just on repeat, you'll have so much  marketing material you won't ever struggle to get clients.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Would you say like the ones that just got, I think you just uploaded this week, is that sort of style of editing and formatting sweet just with more natural wording?
Kyle Musca: These ones?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Like similar camera setup, similar editing, similar style, or would you change the way I'm doing with it other than just more natural wording?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think, again, you always like how you said it before, man. Think about who you're trying to resonate with and think about who would they resonate with. You know what I mean? Um, so like when I think of you, for example, I kind of think of John Jewett, right? Um, just in terms of, you know, professional. know, Well, problem. Does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, okay. So keep it simple, really, end of the day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then just try and keep them within, like, you know, realistically 30 to 45 seconds max.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, if you can do that, you'd be laughing. Now, majority of your ad spend is going towards this graphic here, which is crushing it for us.
Callum Hinze: John Zahra.
Kyle Musca: These two, actually. They're so simple, those two, eh? Yeah, simple is usually always better. Pretty much always better.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I do see the true word ready come through a lot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, see, what I think is working here for you, right, is you're talking about more physical outcomes. And this is something I'm going to chat to Morgan about because I think it would be pretty similar for hers, is you're not trying to move people away from pain as much because it's like people aren't coming to you necessarily. Like they will come to you obviously to lose, you know, 10, 15, 20 kilos to weight. But it's like I could imagine dudes coming to you because they want visible abs. You know what mean? They want to look strongly and obviously gain confidence from that. So I think it's going to be more physical attributes, dream outcomes, rather than moving people away from pain.
Callum Hinze: Yep. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Callum Hinze: What abs are you actually seeing? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry.
Callum Hinze: I was reading it to make sure I was checking it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And again, this one's more so towards aimed at dudes wanting to build muscle. And Um, and that's the only thing. There's no pain or anything. It's just like building muscle doesn't mean getting fat.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm looking at eight men that want to pack on lean muscle using advanced methods I use as an IFBB Pro.
Callum Hinze: If these are doing well, would it almost be smart, like in the future to almost, almost duplicate that, but just with different images once that starts to fade out? Or is it worthwhile to try on different stuff?
Kyle Musca: Uh, it's always worth trialing stuff, but I would double down on like, this clearly works. You know what mean? So it's like, if I were you, I would even go away and I would create, you know, maybe six to eight more graphics where it's just physical attribute focused. I mean, I'm looking for, I'm looking at this, I'm looking for six men, uh, who want to achieve six pack ads over the next 12 weeks. You know what mean? Yeah. Um, I'm looking for six men who want to stack on five. 5 to 10 kilos of lean quality muscle mass, fill out t-shirts and actually look like they lift. You know what mean? It's like more physical attribute focused.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just dudes that want to get jacked.
Callum Hinze: And then I guess just making sure the photo looks like attention and grabbing like those sort of ones too, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, your physique sells itself. like if you're talking about building muscle, I mean, really.
Callum Hinze: I look at some of those ads, I look at them now, I'm like, ah, they could have been so much better if the photo was better. Because they have some like sort of not the best looking images, but this one looks good.
Kyle Musca: So I'm like, ah. Yeah. I would honestly just create them yourself, to be honest. They're easy enough. And it's more of a  around going back and forth with upkeep.
Callum Hinze: It's just a creep and see. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you have a big US following, by the way?
Callum Hinze: Um, I don't know how big it is, but I think US is my second biggest demographic after a shire. I don't know how many US though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, I don't think it's something we need to do right now. One thing I would really get into the habit of, and I  this up, so I'd really take this on board, is when you're filming ads and stuff, if you say, you know, lose 10 kilos of fat or whatever, just do a US version,  lose 25 pounds.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and just so you can, like, if you do, if we do decide to break into the US market stuff, which I've done recently, and it's actually working really well for me, it's like, you can instantly just do it. Even if it gets to the point where it's like, okay, we want to just tap into the US, like, US is about to go into summer. So, like, what would be great is, like, go away and, you know, make videos on getting  shredded for summer. You know, if you want to lose, you know, three months to summer, if you want to lose 25 pounds or more, you've got to start now. And then, like, you know, again, theoretically, if that really pumped, it's like we could turn off Australian direct. Response for a month or two and then just kind of rotate between the two or do, you know, what you could do is like just lead magnet heavy for Australia, constantly give away value, grow your following while still obviously converting on the back end. But then it's like when someone comes around here, you could do a really hard direct marketing push and then swap it and the lead magnet goes to America.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. What timeframe would be the best if we were to do American then? Like leading in someone?
Kyle Musca: I would do it. If you're going to want to break into the US market, I would start getting content for it now because they're only...
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: How many months to tour summer in the US?
Callum Hinze: It'd be like three, wouldn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Three and a half months, which is perfect. That's usually when I start launching summer campaigns.
Callum Hinze: I would love to start tackling the Americans because I've actually signed an American this week. And I've got another, at least another American on that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Americans are good because they've got more of a buying culture than Australia. Australia's are pretty stingy.
Callum Hinze: I always tell them how much Australian dollar it is and they're like, oh, and I'm like, but US dollar, that's only this much.
Kyle Musca: And they sort of like... Yeah, it anchors them well. Yeah, yeah. They've usually got more disposable income than Australians as well. And it's more of a problem. 70% of Americans are overweight.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Would it be worthwhile pushing some of these ones that are performing well to an American market or is it better to like make some new ones for them?
Kyle Musca: I would make new ones because the majority of them, like this one doesn't, but the majority of them, we do talk about tangible goals. Yeah. Like we want tangible goals. But again, like I would get into the habit, if you've got a decent American market following, I would get into the habit of everything that you do Australian-wise. But if you talk about kilos and  like that, just do a US. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Well, that's easy enough to do. I'd just be interested to see how the old American market goes, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the only thing is, I mean, the time zones aren't bad because it's like, as long as you're okay taking calls at like 8 a.m.
Callum Hinze: in the morning.
Kyle Musca: That's fine.
Callum Hinze: That's what I do by the same day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because that's like 5 p.m. their time.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Well, what's my American? I mean, don't know where to find this, but I do know that my American's like my second most.
Kyle Musca: Oh, do you have a call to jump on now?
Callum Hinze: No, I don't have be on straight away.
Kyle Musca: It's all right. Oh, I see. Yeah, cool. Yeah, yeah, because that, I mean, it's working really  well for me. And then your lead magnets, bro, yeah, crushing it. They're pulling in really, really good numbers in terms of leads. If we can get them to convert to calls, you will be  golden.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, there's a lot of mess coming through the lead man.
Callum Hinze: I think a lot of younger kids though, but that's just filtering it out, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you've got to like, so look at this. Like this one's the one that's spending the most and this one, I think I turned that one off. I turned that one off. This one's pulling at $16 cost per lead.
Callum Hinze: So that's them qualified.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, if we come into here, lead man qualified, yeah. I mean, this guy's about to book in a call, which is great. This guy booked in a call, which is great.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, he's tomorrow, I think. Now they're coming through. I guess it's only been running for a week or so, hey, and the follow-up messages normally come through a couple of days after, so post that comment. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This guy was about to book in a call. He's just gone cold. Hmm. This is probably more of a setting thing. Who did cabinet maker?
Callum Hinze: See that?
Kyle Musca: That was a good conversation. mean, these guys are conversating, which is good.
Callum Hinze: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Still, like, I mean, everyone I'm clicking into.
Callum Hinze: So I'm going.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's obviously just a set of zoom. They didn't really take that into consideration. Yeah, it's still probably a little bit early days, but I mean, there's definitely conversations in there. Yeah, if we can get some of those to convert into calls, gold it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, well, they're starting to come through now, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so keep a close eye on them. Provide feedback to the setters, for sure. Cool, bro. Yeah, I know you've got to get on call, so is there anything else you want to touch base on?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I think I'm pretty good. been a good week, so keep it rolling through, eh?
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. All right, well, yeah, we'll keep pumping that, see how they go. Let me know how you go with those new ad videos, and then we'll get them up as well when they're ready.
Callum Hinze: Beautiful. Happy days. All right. Easy, easy. Thank you for that. No worries. Cheers, bro. I will chat to you very soon. All right. Speak.


>>> 100/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-19T06:01:39Z | id:123578535
People: Kyle Musca

Morgan Eldrett: Um, I think actually all of them, no, four, three were organic ones, but, um, the other one that was from an ad knew a girl that's coached by me, and then, like, one was through an ad, but she was referred from another girl, so, like, semi-organic, all four of them, none of them were, like, cold leads.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So, I mean, right now, we're just testing with the ads. Um, uh, do you know what happened with your mini chat?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I don't know. It was really random, because, like, the payment failed at, like, 11 a.m., and then I think I paid it at, like, 3 p.m., and it, I didn't even realize that it deleted, like, the end thing, because I didn't touch it. I just, like, literally just went in and just, like, like, made the payment, um, there, and it was, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it must have shut them all off because, like, I turned it back on and then I checked this morning and, like, the actual, like, individual trigger words are turned off.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, yeah, .
Kyle Musca: Which I think it was probably auto did when the payment failed or whatever. But essentially what will happen there is, like, it won't pull any leads through. So, like, that will just skew the data heavily. Got to be real cautious about that. So, thing I, so I'm going to turn your video ads off just because they're not really pulling through how we'd want them to. One thing I think would be really beneficial is changing your marketing message to the girls that you're actually signing. Obviously, those are people we want to, you know, get more of. What were the four girls that signed up this week like? Again, just, like, giving me a bit of a client avatar on them.
Morgan Eldrett: All of them were people who already trained, already, like, in the gym three, four, five.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think, yeah, that makes sense. Cause I think like, this is what I've been thinking about this week is that I think the girls that are going to resonate with you are going to be kind of like the guys that resonate with Cal. You know what I mean? It's not like dudes that are beginners and stuff like that. And it's not like, you know, like just marketing to gen pop, kind of like what I do, for example, isn't going to pull through the same.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which is pros and cons. Cause I guess like the pros of it are, they should be more committed when they get on the call with you. And two, you're probably going to have less competition because there's less coaches that usually try and tap into that niche. Someone I think of in that scenario is kind of like Lydia, for example, she does it well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then the cons of it, I guess, is just like, it's the smallest, like overall, I guess, sample size. But again, if there's less competition in it, it kind of evens out. So what I reckon we do is we focus. And, and even when you, you know, said to me on our last call, I believe it was where the girls getting on the calls with you, they didn't have like heat.
Morgan Eldrett: I'm not bodybuilding either. It's almost more realistic because they're like, oh, well, she's not even a, you know, she's not competing right now. So yes, I fully agree. One thing quickly to note on it. One thing that I'm really lacking in is my organization with filming and like where I'm, where I'm putting my energy. Um, so I know like with content, cause I, I need to pick my game up with my content as well, but I just feel like so unorganized with like, where am I supposed to be putting, putting my brain? Um, so I know that like, I know that my content needs to be better, but I also need to work out a strategy to like be more organized with when I'm going to film. Cause I just don't have that right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. So last thing on the previous thing there, um, is the other thing I, it slipped my mind, so I don't want to forget it is dream outcomes, but also physical attributes. There is just like, simplify it so much. You know what mean? People try and get overcomplicated and spread themselves way too thin. And then all of a sudden they start doing a bunch of like little tasks that, and nothing actually ever gets done because they don't follow through on it. It's just like, the way I think of it is sit down and think, if I only, if I only complete one task today, what is the most important thing that I need to do that's going to move the business forward? Right? And then set aside, and then that's where the time blocking comes into it. And this is just kind of like routine. So for me, I know, you know, Monday morning is, I film content every Monday morning, like for my social, like organic socials, right? sit down, I spend two, three hours pumping it out. I don't have to think about it for the rest of the week, kind of like meal prepping, right? Yeah. Then Tuesday for me at the moment, Tuesday morning, I sit down and I film at least three ads. So just every single week on repeat, I don't ever run remotely shy of, of having video ads.
Morgan Eldrett: you could do that, I'm testing different angles, you know, different styles, different things.
Kyle Musca: And then Wednesdays is usually my more sort of fulfillment days doing calls, Thursdays. Back in the week, I'm usually a little bit more fatigued. I like to, and again, this is breaking it down to what's going to work best for you. So usually I'm like pretty fatigued, obviously by sort of Thursday, Friday, especially. So it's like, I do all my creative stuff Monday, Tuesday. Right. And then I also make sure it's in the morning after I've trained. So I'm, you got a pump, I've got blood flow, you know, coming, like got caffeine from the pre-workout and I'm in a good mood. You know what mean? I don't try and reply. I don't even reply to messages and stuff before I film content because I don't want someone to piss me off and then put me in a bad mood. Yeah. So that's what I would really sort of focus on there. Just building a, depending on if you're visual, can do that. Cal and I just like know my routine down pat. Does that make sense?
Morgan Eldrett: That makes a lot of sense because at the moment it's super scattered. And then like with your content as well, just on that note quickly, do you like make a plan? And like, do you have like a content calendar for the whole week? Or do you just sort of do it on the Monday morning, kind of just batch five? Do you plan that ahead or?
Kyle Musca: No. So, I mean, I've been doing it for like so long that it's just sort of normal for me now. I've done all different types of things. Like I used to sit down on Monday and script for two hours and then on Tuesday film for two, three hours, and then Wednesday script for two hours and Thursday film. The way I think of it now is like, one, you should enjoy content to a degree. Like obviously it's, you know, you shouldn't be over the moon about it. But if you're not enjoying it, something's wrong. And two, it should be efficient enough. So there's a fine line between quality versus quantity, right? So what I was doing there was I was focusing so much on, you know, quality, doing the scripting, going to the gym and filming all these different angles, getting editors to  edit it and stuff. And it was not only like, you know, at least two hour process just to get one video done. It was a lot more expensive. And it's just like, you don't get anywhere near as much return out of it because Instagram, like. The more organic you can make something look on Instagram, the better it's going to perform.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. So in terms of what I think works well, what I think would work well really for you, is girls seem to resonate more with the trending audio, trending sound stuff. So someone who does this well is Emily.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Things at the moment have been so random.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I don't know what's going on there, but anyway. But like what she used to, you know, post. stuff like this, you know what mean? And this is what I would do, right? So I'd pick three to five creators. Have I showed you the different pieces of content, different content pieces?
Morgan Eldrett: We talked about like looking at different creators and sort of picking stuff. But again, yeah, like maybe like content pillars and stuff. do get a little bit kind of confused with like how many and what should I be posting?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So these are realistically the five different content. So Pillars, right? Have you seen, have we gone over this before?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I haven't seen this.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So these are the five different styles of content you can essentially do. Now, what I would do is you could pick a, like you can try them all. I already kind of know which ones I think will resonate most with you and your audience. But essentially, you want to figure out what works, what your audience resonates with. So a good example of this is like for me, right? I only do reaction videos now, but back when I was, I'm not going to scroll down because it'll take too long, but when I was doing, you know, the full coaching videos and everything like that, you know, a reaction video would maybe get a hundred thousand like views, whereas the coaching videos would get max 10,000 views. Like there was a clear contrast, even though the engagement rates were actually pretty similar, there was a clear contrast of Instagram just didn't like pushing this style of content. liked pushing this style of content. And for like probably well over a year, I just kept banging my head against the wall. Like I want to get this educational content to work and it's just, it's it's just not going to  work. You know what I mean? Like, um, So like find what works and then just double down on that. You don't need to spread yourself thin by trying to do everything. When you look at big creators who do really well, they do one style and they do it really, really well. So short trending reels. This is the one that I think is going to work best for you just because your physique will sell itself. And again, girls and women just tend to resonate with this style of content a bit more. And that's exactly what Emily would do, for example. So it works. You go pick a trending audio. It works because you pick a trending audio and because the video is so short, which means the playthrough rates will be really good. And then what I would also do is do what Emily has done here, where you add like a little bit more of a caption because people will open this up and read it. And the video will continue playing in the background, which means watch time will go right up.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. And then CTA.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then always add the CTA on the end of it. But just because you don't want a video going viral and especially if it's like even my ones that don't even really apply. Apply to coaching. just  throw it on there. Anyway, like this one, I literally didn't even know how to tie it in. So I just said, I don't know how to tie it to coaching, but if you want to chat, go apply. You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just throw it in everywhere. Now, with all pieces of content, but especially things like the short trendy reels, the other thing is it doesn't have to be, well, it will usually be a sound, but pick up actual trends. You know how there's like trends that go viral for like short periods of time? Really important is it needs to be relevant. it's like, do not hoard these in your, like they shouldn't be sitting in your drafts more than a week max. Cause it's like, if, if, you know, a trend comes and goes quickly, if you get on it, if you can get on as it's going up and people haven't seen it yet, you pretty much will guarantee to go viral. Right. If you've, if everyone's already seen it and it's been  done so many times within a week, it's like, it just dips massively and you just don't get that. Like it needs to be really relevant. Like get it up as soon as possible. Yeah. So value rating. I would actually change this now. In terms of value itself, it's pretty . But if you can become known for it, like Emily does, for example, and have the CTAs in it proper, you can convert extremely, extremely well on these. In terms of actually delivering value, it's pretty  all. You don't actually deliver that much value. Great for growth and reach. Very, very easy to do, especially with cap edits and stuff. Common mistakes, outdated trends, right? It needs to be really relevant.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: And again, what I would do here is I would come into, I would find three to five creators that do the style of content that you want to do. And then you just come in and like, make sure you keep their name safe so you can obviously come to them for inspiration, right? And then all you need to do is click on the reels and then scroll down and then find any outliers of things that have gone really viral. Because it's like, you're not trying to reinvent the reel if someone else has already done it.
Morgan Eldrett: I know. I don't Just content hack them, right?
Kyle Musca: The real reason I train failure is because... Okay, again, she's getting into these weird... It's fine. I guess it works, but...
Morgan Eldrett: It's so random. That is so weird. I mean, if it's trending, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Biohabits, I stopped to go... Yeah. So if you could do something like this, the transformation-style ones. These work really, really well. Right? So it's like... And this is where a bit of nuance comes into it because it's like that technically fits within a short, trendy reel, but you're combining a transformation into it as well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if one of those goes viral and you have a CTA on it, you will get clients from it.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: The second one is talking to the camera. These are good, but I think they take like a long time to get done right, and you have to kind of become known for that person. You know, so someone who does this well is like, do you know hiring... But if you can be known for that, it's like a really good way because people will see you as the authority if they're sitting there and just watching you talk to the camera for like a minute straight. Reaction videos, this is what I do. This is what I really like. They're super simple to make. And they seem to be like the main one that Instagram seems to push right now. So obviously, you know, there's ones like how I make, right? There's so many different ways you do it. So Torrin, for example, does these really well where he does like the recipe.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, yeah. I'll we literally just film one for Cal today of him like reacting to a recipe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, Torrin, I started working with Torrin when he was at 30k followers and that was in like probably November.
Morgan Eldrett: Wow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like just massive blob. Matt West also obviously gained a heap of followers from that style of content. Yeah. You know, good. You have to try it. The other one is Boogies by Jax. This is a little bit more of a professional setup. We have the original video playing in the front and then you obviously just, you know, properly with a good camera and everything. Now, the thing I like about these videos is one, you can really leverage the virality of the first video. So for example, you scroll through reels and you see something that's already got hundreds of thousands or millions of views and thousands and thousands of likes. You already know that that video will do well on its own. So you can leverage that. All right. The second thing is if you can become known for association with a certain type of reaction. So for me, obviously I react to all like mostly male stuff, right? Weight loss transformations, usually sort of the, you know, full left-wing people, which men don't usually tend to align with, like anything that's going to help. Glutes stuff, training stuff.
Morgan Eldrett: I could see you doing that well. It doesn't have to be negative though, does it? Because I feel like I really hate when people, like yours are kind of funny, but like his sometimes are just a bit like, I don't know, they're almost like mean.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would heavily avoid coming, until you're confident with it, I would heavily avoid coming from a negative angle. Um, like you just don't want to be like, you like, again, you do want to cause controversy. You do want to be polarizing. Cause if, if, you know, like, um, if everybody agrees with you, then nobody cares about what you're saying. You know what I mean? Um, you want to, you want to be polarizing. So people start arguing in the comments, which drive it further. They'll share it. You know, they, they, you want people to have an opinion that either really agree with you or really disagree with you. So for example, you could see these videos, the ones where I react to, you know, these types of people as negative, right? One, I'm usually just, I'm not just shitting on them because they're overweight. It's usually for a specific. But too, like, this isn't my target audience. Like this person is, and that type of person is never, ever going to buy anything from me. So it's like, I would rather not throw stones at them for the sake of throwing stones on them, but, you know, voice my sort of opinion on it, whatever the, again, topic of the video is. And in a way, so the way I think of it is like, I wouldn't just be negative and  on someone for no reason, but humans do love throwing stones and they do love picking sides. You know what I mean? But in saying that, my videos where I'm a lot more positive, like these ones, for example, or, if I go back to down here a bit more, usually the videos where I'm a lot more positive, they usually tend to go really well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this one, for example, I was like, you know, basically saying, if you find. Like, that's literally it, and it just leveraged the video hard. What did I just watch? Uncle, how did you do that?
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, . Okay, yeah, literally.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, and it just leveraged the video massively.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's better. Yeah, I like that a little bit more.
Kyle Musca: Now, if you're going to get into that style of stuff, what I would do is, I don't know how your Reels feed and everything looks, but one thing I've, so there's two things. One, when you go into Reels, regardless of any type of content piece you want, really, there's one in the top right-hand corner on the phone, and it will say, manage your algorithm, where you can actually put things in that you're interested in. The other thing, that didn't change my algorithm, like, that much, I found. One thing that really did change my algorithm and started showing me pretty much everything I wanted, so now every time I open my Reels, I can instantly find a video I want, is, I don't know if you can do it on this, and you can't. But on On the phone, you click the three little dots, and they'll be either interested or not interested.
Morgan Eldrett: If you say interested, it will start showing you so many more reels just like that.
Kyle Musca: So, for example, this is a video, I don't know what this is about, 87,000 likes, 3,000 comments, I can see that this is a good video.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. 19-year-old natural, yeah, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see, like, exactly, it just got your attention, right? Yeah. So, yeah, reaction style videos, right? Any questions on any of that so far?
Morgan Eldrett: No, that's pretty good, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: I can bang out, like, I've been doing them for a while, to be fair, but I can be, in like a two-hour period, I can bang out between, like, seven to 12 of them. So, it's, like, literally just one session a week, and I have an entire week's worth of content.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, that's cool.
Kyle Musca: Now, voiceover, narration videos. This is something I could also see working really well for you. Thank you. But these are exactly that. This is a voiceover video. So these work really well for like full days of eating, for example. You know, maybe a workout, a get ready with me, you know, a day in the life, those type of things. Girls do like to resonate with those. You know, Cal's video did really well from a voiceover. So if we come down to...
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, the full, was it the full workout one? Or even that day in the life.
Kyle Musca: Day in the life, yeah. Yeah, I don't know, 6K. It's date night for Morgz and I, but first things first on a Saturday, we've got business to take care of.
Morgan Eldrett: I always find kicking off the day with your most important tasks is best. So once I've gotten a quick... Yeah.
Kyle Musca: See? Fantastic. Just a bunch of B-roll. If you have heaps of B-roll and stuff and you're good at filming that, these and the voice narration videos and these go pretty hand-in-hand because it's like the B-roll, to a degree, you know what mean? You need a lot more, obviously, B-roll of the actual day or the thing you're doing if you're going to do a voiceover.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I've done them. I do actually like doing them. I mean, as long as you set the time down to actually like focus and dedicate to doing them. That's the thing with content is like no one cares if you don't film it, but your business just isn't going to grow if you don't film it. You know what I mean? Not like a check-in where someone's waiting for you to get a check-in done. No one's going to know whether or not you do it. Your business just isn't going to grow. This is one of those easy things. It's like one of the most important things you should prioritize, but most people don't for that reason.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. This is because I'm like, what the f- Like, could film, you could do anything in the whole world right now, and then I'm like, I don't know what to do, then I'd do nothing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so again, that's where I would heavily say, find inspiration of people that do what you're trying to do. And don't copy them, but like, make your own version of it, you know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: And once you're confident doing them, like, I don't do that anymore now with my reaction, I try and keep mine, you know, authentic, just based off, because I've done it for so long. Um, and then there is the in-depth coaching videos, Instagram seems to have very much moved away from these videos, um, they did, used to do pretty well, but not really anymore. Um, so I'd probably avoid them, they're  hard to do, um, and they just don't really resonate that much, to be honest.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, does that all make sense?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, that's pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Uh, and again, the way I would sort of sit down and do these is, yeah. The way I like to think of it is if I was like really energetic and slightly tipsy hanging around with friends, like that's how I like to film content.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, just like funny vibes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it depends on what you, like, don't be someone you're not type of thing, you know what I mean? Like, it really comes down to, you know, the content that you want to put out there. should feel authentic and on-brand for you because it's like if you're trying to be someone else, you're never going to be able to, one, you're never going to be able to do it more, better than the person you're trying to be like, if that makes sense. And two, people will just see it's not authentic, you know what People want to relate with someone that's actually real.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Now, that brings me to my next thing with is we're going to film new ads. So, a couple things here. I sent you the script structures, did I?
Morgan Eldrett: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yes, you did. Perfect. So, sent you the script, so definitely, obviously, film them. Um, reword, make sure you reword them. So they're all in any alternative. But what I do now is like, again, every Tuesday I sit down and I film ads and I just go off these frameworks. Um, pretty simple. And like, I wouldn't overthink it. The reason I don't want to use ChatGPT too much is because everyone uses ChatGPT. You know what I mean? Um, and if you like, if you can get good at sort of like literally just speaking off the top of your mind in the way you'd say it to who you'd want to say it to, that itself will be a huge pro because everybody else will be just saying, the exact same thing that ChatGPT does for everyone.
Morgan Eldrett: know what mean? It writes the same way for everyone.
Kyle Musca: Um, and they're pretty like, you know, again, you might take a few times to get used to it and stuff, but they're pretty self-explanatory. You know, problem, agitation, solution, action. You you train every week, but your body never changes. Constant disappointment makes you feel like it's never going to work. You're just wasting your time. Um, solution. That's exactly why it is, uh, that's exactly why I designed my, uh, three-step, you know, good degree. Right. Great system. You wouldn't really say that, but just save the argument. And then action, you know, if you're to learn a little bit more, DM me the word change and let's have a chat.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That just sort of follows you through that. And you'll see that in the actual scripts as well. I believe it does. Yeah. So proof, plan, promise, which is the HPPP, book, proof, plan, plan.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Can you go, did you go, is it right at the bottom is the new stuff?
Kyle Musca: Can you scroll all the down?
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. So do you still want me to, can you just go up a tiny little bit on that one? Yeah. So I still do four different hooks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So the hook is just to try and like call out the person that we want to and just test like little different angle changes.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, Um, So yeah, I would. Now, what I'll show you is my ad account. Now, the other thing as well is once you get really good at, if you find a certain style of content that does work really well for you, that's when you can start using it as an ad as well. Because the best type of content piece, sorry, the best ad is that something that doesn't look like an ad. So for example, for me, what I've been doing is I've been running my reaction videos, just test them out as ads, and they're pulling through extremely well. Like, you know what mean? There's a cost, like, just to give that a frame of reference, $40 is considered, for me, is a really good cost per lead. So it's like, if I'm getting at like $10, that's just  absurd. That is the best I've ever seen, by a long shot. So, yeah. Now, the ones I think that will do well for you, I kind of like these ones. Now, if you want to actually see how I do this, by the way, if you ever want to see how anyone does any ads, go to ads library. Like, if you're going I sit down and film these and you're like, oh, I'd like to see, you know, an example. Come into here, go Australia.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, you can literally see other people's ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you just search the name.
Morgan Eldrett: Wow.
Kyle Musca: And all their active ads will come up.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, I was wondering how you sent that to me. was like, wow, it's crazy.
Kyle Musca: I can see all of your ads. Yeah. So, like, if you're, you know, sitting down and you're filming and you're like, oh, I want to, you know, obviously see how something works, good to come in here and you just. All right, brother, let me tell you this. Yeah, cool. These are how I would do them, like, in terms of how we spoke about it and coming from a little bit more of an authoritative state. I could see this working well for you just because, again, girls that are a little bit more serious about training, they probably don't want, or they've been doing it for a little while, they probably don't want all the gimmicky  of just walking away around and like seeming like every other. You know what mean? So it's like, and the other thing I did, so one, just sort of sitting down is a little bit more of an authoritative stance, you know what The environment, the visual of the actual look, the video, and then you just add like a lot of overlays and B-roll  in there when you need to. You know what mean? So it kind of is a hybrid. You're talking straight to the camera, but it's also kind of a voiceover type thing at the same time. Now, the second thing is, and the reason I like doing it off the top of my head, is because you can really start to gear the messaging towards the right people. So for me, like I was sick of dudes just not being accountable and, you know, just kind of being flaky and just like  quality leads. So I basically say in these videos, like, I don't work with people that, you know, are going to waste my  time and dick around and, you know, make excuses. Like, I want dudes that are serious about making a change. I'll give them the structure, the accountability and the guidance they need. So everything that they need. So they have all the, you know, resources, whatever I say they need in order to succeed. You know what I mean? So it's like, when you say it, Now, with the hook as well, if you're going to do them off the top of your head, the way I think of a hook is it should call out who you're talking to. So, and that could be something as simple as like saying girls, for example, right? The other thing is it should be extremely clear about what you're talking about. There shouldn't be no vagueness in it at all, right? Now, the way to think of a hook is like when you look at a newspaper, like a newspaper article, what's the first thing that stands out to you?
Morgan Eldrett: The headline.
Kyle Musca: The headline, right? If the headline doesn't draw your attention, you're not reading the rest of the content.
Morgan Eldrett: That's exactly what a hook is, right?
Kyle Musca: So that's why you're getting, this is why we split test as well, but. I'm about to tell you something you've probably never heard from a weight loss coach before. Losing fat should be fast. So I already said I'm a weight loss coach and I said that losing fat should be fast. There's no doubt, there shouldn't be any doubt about what I'm about to talk about.
Morgan Eldrett: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you're a dude who's interested in weight loss, that should interest you as a video. But that didn't stop us from completely changing how we look by the end. Phil Riley, who just wanted to feel confident with his shirt off for his trip to Bali. And the crazy thing is, he wore the exact same in this photo as he did in this photo, which means he was bigger, stronger, and leaner. One thing I'm really trying to do a lot now is trying to add as much social proof to marketing as possible. I know you said you don't have heaps of results yet, but anything you do, like social proof is the most important thing you can do. Because if you can show them that, hey, I've worked with someone pretty Pretty much exactly the same as you, same environment, same job, same body type, whatever, and this is the result we got from, it immediately takes the doubt away of, well, this worked for them, so it must work for me, right?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All at the same time. Especially if have a lot of ads going through with a lot of different social proof, because they're constantly seeing like, you only need like maybe five or six different transformations, but they're constantly just seeing crazy transformation, you know what I mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We're able to get such crazy transformation is because we're not like most coaching companies. We don't just give you a generic copy and paste program, then tell you if you have any questions, just shoot us an email. What even if- So, I did proof, plans. What we do is we build everything 100% around you, your lifestyle, your body, and your goals. And then we lay it all out in my custom built app. So, you don't have to go into the gym and wonder what you should be The other thing I really like doing now is my app looks really aesthetic, so actually showing the visuals of what they get.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? So, if you've got stuff that looks aesthetic like that, that's what I would include in. Doing, because it's all laid out clearly for you. I'm going to show you what to do. How to do it and why you're even doing it so you can actually learn in the process. We're going to give you multiple meal plan options, all specific to your calorie macro intakes, and all tailored to you and your preferences. So you can cut fat faster and easier than anything you've tried before, all while eating foods you actually enjoy eating. And if at any point you're not a fan of something, we'll make unlimited adjustments until we get it perfect for you. Then we'll guide you through the entire process to ensure that you get the best results possible. And you can bet your left nut that if you start to slack off, we'll be there to give you a kick in the  to make sure you get back on track. You I'm not here to sow you some magic pills. I'm going to give you all the structure, guidance, accountability you need to put yourself in the best possible position to genuinely change your life for the better. And I'm so confident that what we do works, that if you follow the game plan and don't get results you're absolutely stoked with, not only will I give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 cash just for wasting your time. mean, promise. Mm-hmm. The only way I can do that is because I'm confident that what we do just works. So if you're ready to finally drop that 10 to 20 plus kilos of fat, the DM of the word shred, I'll run you through what we do. How we do it. it. Yeah, CTA. Now, the only thing I would recommend not doing is yapping as much as I did. So, I mean, it did actually work out well in the end. It's still performing really well. But ideally, there's two aspects to this. Ideally, you do want the video to go from like 30 to 45 seconds. But what I did instead is it's something I'm consciously working on more and more now. But instead, I just cut the video down massively. So it's like, this is a different thing I'm doing. But just for the sake of the example, the original video here went for a minute 40, which, you know, definitely getting a bit long. So basically, I just told the editor to cut certain parts out that I thought would make sense to cut out and got it down to 52 seconds.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And so you can kind of make a longer one if you have different versions where you just cut them back heavily.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And that's the other thing with content. Usually, I like to try and make the scripts, the graphics based off this, to a degree. So what I would do there is I would go away and sort of, we'll do that, know, write some new graphics and everything like that to test out. Again, one thing is bold, tangible promises. It's one, I just, that's one thing I would get for you as well, is we'll have a look at your account now because this is feeding into this. So I would also change that from last week. We want to jump on here and immediately say you're an online coach. But I would get a bold promise and change it there. So for me, mine is, I'll help you strip 10 kilos plus in three months or less. Yeah, that's probably something I would do that. But that, yeah, so, and I would get used to using those really tangible goals because then when I go create graphics, it's like I'm looking for eight men who want to lose 10 plus kilos over the next 12 weeks and become their strongest sexist, or I wouldn't say that to men, but, you know, maybe I'm looking for six women wanting to lose eight kilos over the next 12 weeks. And build, build their glutes in the process or something like that.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it's pretty funny because when I looked up what they were doing, Lily. It was Lily. I wonder if they're still running the same ads. No, they got some video ads in now. It's pretty funny. But, you know, it works. So you could even do, you can play around with them. Like, I'm looking for seven women who want to lose eight kilos over the next 12 weeks, grow their glutes, become happy, healthy, and hot. If that's you, DM me the word hot or something, you know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Ideally, want, like, at least six different versions, but, you know, anywhere between, like, six to 12 would be fantastic.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. So six to 12 new graphics.
Kyle Musca: And try different ones as well in terms of, like, let me actually pull it up. Show my screen again. In terms of, like, different, like, photo that you used, you know, do some in the gym, do some lifestyle ones. Um, maybe. Maybe if you've got something out to dinner or something like that, you know what I mean? I'm terrible at taking photos, so it's not like I can really be one to judge. But, you know, for example, this one, a bit more of a lifestyle photo type thing.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: More of a testimonial. That's obviously a gym-related one, to a degree a gym-related one, but not fully.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm not great at taking photos, so I'm not the best example.
Morgan Eldrett: But, yeah, try to use like a mixture of them. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Does that all make sense?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. So graphics and then how many videos do we need ASAP?
Kyle Musca: I would sit down. Yeah, I would sit down and film the scripts that I got for you all in one go. So, again, like you can just Sit down at a desk and talk directly to it and then, you know, change, like, try and obviously change the environment so they all, at least the background, so they all look different. I would film them ASAP so we can get them updated and turned around and up because we've got to turn the video ads off. They're just not performing the way I want. And then the graphic ads, again, same as ASAP. And then if you can just get into the habit of, like, the week after that, just trying to, you know, sit down and film some scripts based off the frameworks. Just say, you go, if you really get caught up, just let me know. But that would be a bit of a godsend. The other thing as well, actually, really quickly wanted to do it off the top of my head there, is just, same with a sales call, really try and get the tonality of who you're trying to come across as. So it's like, if I'm trying to come across as an authority figure, I'll deepen my voice a bit and I'll speak very directly. You know what I mean? So what... So, I kind of noticed here. If you're a woman trying to lose weight, but you struggle to stay consistent, it might not be a willpower problem. It's more likely that your environment is set up to make you fail. Most women don't fail because they don't want it bad enough. They fail because their life has zero structure to support. So, I actually, like, quite like the hook there. Do you see how the tonality kind of changed, though, from the hook to the... It's more likely that you're in... Like, this is nice. Like, obviously, for a woman, I don't mean, like, deep voice type thing, but it's a nice authoritative tone. Your environment is set up to make you fail. Most women don't fail because they don't want... Now your tone affliction goes up here. ...bad enough. They fail because their life has zero structure to support the change they know they need. Long work days, social plans, emotional eating at night, trying to stay on track inside a life that keeps pulling you backwards. And then you blame yourself for not being disciplined enough. I see this every day with the women I coach. They've tried diets that only work on perfect weeks. They've followed influencers that don't have the hectic work schedule that they do. And the moment life keeps in, everything unravels. But once we change the structure around them. See, I think it's just like, it's just erring on that like empathetic, a little bit too much type thing. Whereas again, the women that are going to resonate with you are going to see you as the authority figure, the girl that's been there, she's done it, she's built the body for herself. They want to see you as the authority. So it's kind of like a more of a, you know, this, this tonality will work with, you know, bigger women who need a little bit more authority, empathy to feel comfortable reaching out. Whereas with what we want to do for you, it's like, we want serious women who are serious about results.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I agree. Like, I feel like the, these feel kind of like a bit like naff kind of vibe. And like the way I come across as well wasn't very like, yeah, confident anyway.
Kyle Musca: I think if we get into... When was the last time you did a posing video?
Morgan Eldrett: Ages. But yeah, like very, they were good if you keep going.
Kyle Musca: Even when you film in the podcast room as well, by the way, that's probably a pretty good environment to film some ads.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Shame George got rid of it. This one?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, these ones are good.
Kyle Musca: They're so basic. Perfectly. Firstly, you want to sink back into your back glute and then angle your front knee towards the judges.
Morgan Eldrett: So when I hear that, it's more educational, authoritative. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This will enhance your shape. Here's how to hit your T-pose perfectly. What I would also do as well is just play around with some ads. Do kind of like how Callum did his voiceovers, but do a coaching CTA to him. If that makes sense. So it's like, here's a, here's a full day of eating as an IFBB pro or something. You I mean? And then just at the end, be like, girls, if you're putting in the effort, but you're not seeing the results, and you want to take it, you know, again, I'll let you come up with it, but I would say you want to take your physique to the next level, deem with the word coach, right? And let's have a chat. Now, you don't have to put that in the organic version. Usually, if I'm going to post something like that, I'll cut that out, and I'll just post purely organic, and then I'll have a separate ad version where that CTA is in it.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Yeah, but definitely in the caption, at least.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely in the caption. The way I think of organic is, like, just have it there so they can see it. If they want to take action on it, they can, but I'm not trying to hard sell it. The ad can do the hard selling for me.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Does make sense?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, definitely. I think I did that really well. Like, when it was with posing, like, there was CTAs, people were coming. Like, I got all of my clients from all of my videos going viral. Like, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Like that's the main thing. Cause like, it's hard to be confident if you know it's a  quality service. It's hard to market. All you need to do is just be authentic and be confident on the front end. Like the way I think of it is like, I know my coaching service is really good. It's a lot better than what other coaches usually offer. So I have no problem going out there and saying like, I am the best. I will deliver a better quality service because these guys are going to go out there. And if that client goes to that person, I guarantee you they're to be disappointed with the results because it's a , you know, you get email support and everything. I know my product, my service  all over that. So it's like, I have no, I'm not going to hold back in my marketing. Like I will confidently say, I am the best at this. I will get you X, Y, Z, where it's result.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of that?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I think that's pretty good. I think, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. Just quickly, do you have a, like a rough ETF on when you'd be able to film those ads?
Morgan Eldrett: I can probably do them tomorrow. I think I was going to do them yesterday. And then I got stuck on that I didn't really have many good transformations. Like, the transformations I have aren't really, like, big enough. Like, they're not, like, oh, 10 kilos or whatever. They're kind of, like, not as drastic. And then I was kind of, like, oh, should I just change the script to be, like, less? Or just say that they drop more?
Kyle Musca: Like, I don't know. Do they look cool? Like, do they look like good transformations?
Morgan Eldrett: Like, they're kind of average.
Kyle Musca: Ah, okay. Um, yeah, it's a bit hard to.
Morgan Eldrett: Like, I have a few good, but, like, none that are, like, massive. And back then I was coaching a lot of people that were, like, it wasn't weight loss. There was a lot of girls that were, like, just kind of re-comping.
Kyle Musca: Right.
Morgan Eldrett: But it was kind of average, like.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it depends on, like, what the actual transformations are. But even if, you know, a girl only lost three kilos, maybe she gained a little bit of weight, but she, you know, visually looked looked alive. But Better. It's like, you can't sell that. You know what I mean? I don't help women just lose weight. I help change their entire, you know, body composition. Take Sarah here, for example. She only lost two kilos, but she looks like a completely different woman.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Go through and find all the photos.
Kyle Musca: Again, throw a stone. Like, we don't do restrictive diet. We're not like, I'm not like most other coaches. We're not doing restrictive diets. We're not trying to, you know, just see the scale on the, on the, the, the number on the scale drop as fast as humanly possible. I want to, I'm going to help you build your, a body that you're actually proud of, build the habits that are going to last the lifestyle and become the woman that you know you're capable of becoming. You know what mean? So you just shift it to whatever suits your, your message best.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome. All right. Let me know how you go on that. And yeah, if you could get the graphics back as well, that would be.


>>> 101/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-19T06:58:44Z | id:123582964
People: Kyle Musca

Asha Tao: Just under two weeks and came back with the measles and nearly died.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no, it's, I hate Bali.
Asha Tao: Do you really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I went to move there for like three months with Cade and then in like one month I got Bali Belly twice and the second time we both got it and like we had booked the whole place for like another month or two and like within two days we had an apartment on the Gold Coast and we're like booked flights and stuff, like  this place. Thailand's just like way cleaner. You don't have to worry about Bali Belly? No, no. Like you still have be a little bit cautious obviously but like nothing to anywhere near any degree of worry. Like I haven't, I don't want to jinx myself but I haven't got sick from being here yet.
Asha Tao: Yeah, touch wood.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's weird because I went to Dubai and I got sick straight away.
Asha Tao: was like, what the ? Really? That's so random.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, we'll dive into things. How's this week on overall?
Asha Tao: So much better than last week. So for like a first week, I'm very happy with how everything's gone. And I've signed up three girls now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, fantastic.
Asha Tao: Hang on. One signed up from the link, Confident Queen, and then there's been two Fitness Bestie sign-ups from calls.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Has the link's been completely removed now?
Asha Tao: Hang on. I have a feeling.
Kyle Musca: Just because we, yeah, we don't want to display pricing anywhere.
Asha Tao: I think it just takes, so I don't know what Ava did. Let me have a look. And I thought Ava was draining, but I don't think she is. I know she's been a little bit sick. Let just go into the form and see what she did with. Let just go the she'll do with. she's been doing Okay. Let you. Conditions. Edit. Okay. So to the girls who do not working, is it just not working? So the only people who do not working, they will get sent a link to Nui. And it's not a direct link. She's got, I'm so excited. You've applied to explore more of my coaching options. Here's this link. If you have any other questions, shoot me an email. Did you want me to get rid of that?
Kyle Musca: No. Like if they're unqualified, yeah, just shoot them to a link. We just want to make absolutely sure that, you know, if they're, especially the qualified ones, they have no other option but to get on a call.
Asha Tao: So working full-time and working part-time, go straight to the Calendly link.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Perfect. Yeah, we'll keep part-time. I'm in there for now. Just more so for anything, as I said, just to practice your sales skills. And just like the way I think about it is like if I get on a call and they're not fully qualified, I won't just like wrap the call up. One, you never know if you'll get them across the line. Again, they might have a rich husband or whatever, sitting on money, whatever. Two, I just use them as practice. Like, you know, if I really know I'm not going to get someone, I'll even just start  around with them. I'll just try things that I wouldn't try in a high-pressure situation.
Asha Tao: Just to see what happens.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but also just to test, again, just to refine your skill. You know what mean? Like if you're in a high-pressure situation, there's certain questions that you probably wouldn't feel confident asking that would actually be quite good to ask. Whereas when you're in like, you know, you're not going to get them anyway. You're like, oh,  it up. You know, I don't care if I come across as too salesy here because I'm not going to get this sale anyway. Yeah. So, yeah. Like I've had a guy on before where like, you know, he wasn't working or anything like that. Um, but he, and he sounded like he had kind of something kind of mentally wrong with him, but I was like, I'm just going to  with him a little bit. And I was like, oh, well, you want any like government benefits?
Asha Tao: That's great.
Kyle Musca: Um, like your parents pay for it? Like what's going on here? Um, like more so just to like, get your confidence up asking stuff, you know what I mean?
Asha Tao: I like that. Um, I'm just asking if Ava wants to join.
Kyle Musca: Um, so.
Asha Tao: Yeah, sorry, what were going to say?
Kyle Musca: Um, is there anything specific that you want to cover in this session? There's stuff I want to run over, but before I head into that.
Asha Tao: I guess the one thing that I know, because what, I've had four calls and I've closed two of them. So that's 50%, which is better than none. One, I guess one sale, but I know that for me. I guess guess guess guess guess and I you. So closing on a call, I just don't have the confidence there. But I did it on my last call. Like I went into chat and I sent your script and I was like, can you like condense this a little bit for me? Because to me that's like I get really confused. I'm so dyslexic. And just from condensing it a little bit and still asking a lot of the questions, I was able to obviously make that flow a little bit better. But I'm like I want to just be like, yeah, I've got a call. I can close this and I just have a lot of confidence. Other than that, yeah, I'm happy to hear like what you think I need help with.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I just want to go over the sales process, refine your offer in the session because we didn't get to do that properly last session. I'd be really careful running it through chat. I've done that for different things before. And it like it can rephrase the question so it's not the same geared question. Isn't like there's. Certain questions, certain wording in there that's specifically done for an exact reason. So what we'll do.
Asha Tao: Do want me to send you what I asked chat to do?
Kyle Musca: We will. What we'll do is we'll go through the offer first. We'll just break down that because I really want to get through that. And then we'll go through the script and I'll show you how to sort of go about it and certain key points of it. So first and foremost, what I would do for you is. So these are the payment structures I work off. Okay. Now there's three. Oh, . There's three packages I work with, I run with, and I would encourage yourself to also get three. Now, it's technically four. There is the top tier package. Now, I wouldn't unroll this for you until you start getting like quite confident with the sales and everything like that. But essentially, this is to try and capture the top 20% of people. So 20% of the people will be willing to spend five times more than the other 80%, right? So we want to make sure that there's something there to obviously collect on that. So the main package, the core offer, that's obviously the one we're trying to sell the most of. And then we've got the downsell offer, which is a last resort. Again, we do not want to let them get off the phone without making a decision there and then. It does not matter how excited and you kind of have to experience this for yourself. And I guarantee it's probably going to happen at some point. You're going to come to me and be like, oh, they sounded so excited and everything like that. And they just said they had to do X, Y, Z, and then they're going to pay it. But I haven't heard back from it.
Asha Tao: I... It's happened to me before, like multiple times.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like cardinal rule, never let them get off the phone without either buying or agreeing that you guys aren't doing anything moving forward. Now, the way, so you can call them whatever you want. I call this my Emerald Package, my Gold Package, and my Silver Package. And then you'll obviously see that there's the Platinum Package, which we use for price anchoring, which is not, we're not trying to sell that.
Asha Tao: So there's not an actual payment breakdown. Right? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the way, so, okay, just to run you through, there's three months, six months, 16 weeks, four months if you want to. I just keep it simple, 3,000 for three months, 5,000 for six months. Main package, 2,000 for three months, three and a half, or 3,500 for six months. And then downsell option is 1,500 or 2,500.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, what we... we want to do here is you'll do the platinum package. Again, this depends on your sales skills. You might want to skip this for now and just go straight into the gold, right? The main package. So to give you a bit of a breakdown on what these payment structures actually do, they're broken down by 400, 500, and 600 a month repayment plans. The reason we do that is because if they don't have enough cash flow or sorry, disposable cash to afford the upfront prices, the odds of that, like if they can't afford 1,800, then the odds of them being able to afford 600 a month is very slim. Yeah. You know what mean? That's the top tip package. more so makes sense for when we get into this. Like if they can't afford 1,000, the odds of them being able to afford 500 a month, very slim. What ends up happening is you'll run into a lot of failed payments. You'll run into clients ghosting you or you'll do all the work and then one weekend a client wants to cancel on you after they've paid 100 bucks. You know what I So it's just a huge red flag if they can't afford even $500 a month. How are they going to afford $600 a month for payment if they can't afford $500 there? You know what I mean? Yeah. It's just a flag. Now, there's a lot of buyer psychology that goes into this. So this basically starts from here, right? Happy with everything spoken about today. We price anchor with the platinum. You'll probably skip the gold, right? But like, okay, so you'd skip the gold and you go, cool. So that's going to bring us onto the gold package. And I think this is going to come into the territory of what is going to suit you really well because it's basically everything we've spoken about today. Now, it also comes out to be a fair bit more affordable. So instead of $10,000 for the entire six months, I'd bring it right down to $3,500. So obviously saving a lot just on that. And it's still, you know, very, very comprehensive. Everything I do is focused on quality over quantity. It's just a slight step down. It's a slight step down in terms of accountability and communication. everything like that. So again, this is where you'd obviously... So have to reword it, but essentially you're going to get all the customized training program, 100% built for you, your body, and your goals. You're going to get all your nutrition, macro, calories, everything like that, all done, I say, by my nutritionist, but all done for you. So you don't have to think about anything and making sure you're enjoying the foods you love while losing your weight. We're going to be doing weekly check-in calls, 24-7 texting, call communication. So you're saying the value of the program, essentially, like what's actually the key things that are involved in it. yeah, and then I bring this up. So I would get into the habit of saying the price first before you say that because it means they'll remember the last thing you say. So it's like if you say everything first and then you say the price, they'll just remember the price. Whereas if you say the price, then you try and revalue, refocus their attention on the value of the program. Does it make sense? Cool. Now, when I make asks as well, I always say things like, would that be more reasonable for you? All right. Would that be a little bit more realistic? Okay. Oh, I guess the goal did. Oh, okay, cool. Did you want to run with that one? So you have to directly ask. That's something a lot of closers or just general salespeople  up on is they don't actually ask. You know what mean? They're not going to be like, you know, it covers the whole six months and no additional fees or charges. And then if you just left it there, they're not going to be like, oh, yeah, sure. Here's my credit card.
Asha Tao: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like you have to directly ask them, would that be more reasonable? Did you want to run with that one?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Now, we do not offer, we do not say it's $3,500 or we could break it down into smaller payments. Right? We don't offer them at the same time because they're always going to offer, go for the payment to break down. Right?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Even if you have three and a half grand and someone says, do you want to break down?
Asha Tao: You're going to say yes. Right? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you say that and you just shut up. See what they say. They'll say yes or no. Right? If they say yes, fantastic. If they say no. Now, as a general rule of thumb with objection handling, ... So you can never, like never, ever drop the price or drop, sorry, never, never drop the package or go into a different payment plan without objection handling to some degree first.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because if you do that, they'll start to think that you're hiding things from them and you're not telling them the full truth. So it's like, if you're like, oh, the gold is, you know, 3,500 and they're that's too expensive. You're like, oh, well, we could actually do the silver and that's only 2,500. They're going to be like, well, why the  didn't you mention that first? know what So it's like, no, this is where objection cycling comes into play. So. What I'll do is wipe them. Now, objection cycling is basically objection handling, but taking them through different cycles. So they, um, yeah, We lead them to a conclusion. Now, the biggest thing with, why are so annoying? The biggest thing with objection handling is you're trying to work towards a solution that solves everyone's problem, mainly your problem, right? If you get argumentative about price, you'll lose them because at the end of the day, they have to be the ones that pull out their credit card and pay you, right? So you have to work towards a solution. And I'll say things like, look, I appreciate you being, so the first objection cycle is we're really casual. We're really, we're not pressuresome at all. We're saying things like, look, if it doesn't work out, that's just life sometimes. I'd love to see if we can make it work for you. You know what I mean? So we're just real casual, very low pressure. As we get through to like four, five, you know, six round of objection cycling, it's like, you know, Asha, what decision do need to make right now? So when you go to bed tonight, you know, you've put yourself in the best possible position so that in six months time, you can lose 20 kilos and feel like strong. You in happiness. You In your own body. What decision do you need make right now? You know what mean? To a direct. Any questions on any of so far?
Asha Tao: No, sorry. I've got a guy dropping kitty litter off for my cat and I forgot he was coming, like Uber. I just had to let him in. No, that'll, yeah, it sounds good. And then obviously you'll send me that breakdown as well, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, I'll send that now. Perfect. So this is what I would do is a bit of homework for you is these prices work really well as long as you're good with the sales process. So what I would do is like, again, you were capped in the ship at the end of the day, but I would, you know, they definitely sell. Break down like what you're actually going to include in these offers. You if someone's paying you $1,000 a month, I'm sure you'd probably give them a pretty good service, right? Yeah. So for me, it's like weekly. Check and call, 24-7 text and call communication. So kind of like what's in my, like, Newey link, yeah? Essentially. You just want, like, you don't have to, it doesn't have to be, like, extremely detailed with every little thing. You just want the main, like, how I've done it in this is what you want it to be. You just want the main core things.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just so you can touch on. If someone says, oh, can you put this in an email and send it to me? I say no. I'm not sending you . You know what mean?
Asha Tao: I'm the fucker.
Kyle Musca: But cool. So let's say, okay, so it's $3,500 for six months. And they're like, oh, can I think, you know, let's just say, think about it as a different objection handle. We ultimately get to the same point anyway. Let's just say they say it's too expensive. Right? The first thing we need to do is reframe. Right? Which basically means we want to get their f... Focus away from the price and back on the value of the program, right? So how we do that is, let's say this is too expensive. Like, yeah, no, I completely understand it. It's not, you know, a little bit of pocket change. That's how we're able to stack so much quality into the program. I guess just so I'm on the same page, like, is the program something that you actually want to do and it's just sort of priced stopping you from moving forward? All right. Get that confirmed? Cool. Okay. And just so I'm on the same page with you, like on a scale of one to 10 with, you know, 10 being the program is absolutely perfect. This is exactly what you were looking for. And I couldn't make it end better if I tried, right? And one being is like, I'm just a complete dickhead and I've completely missed the mark and it wasn't what you're looking for at all. Where are we kind of sitting on that spectrum? You know, they'll say seven, eight, nine, right? What you're going to do here is be like, okay, I mean, seven's pretty high. I guess, why isn't it lower? All right. The reason we asked that, why isn't it lower? It's because they're going to come back and say, oh, like. The community seems great, and the accountability is awesome, and you seem really genuine, and all the structures there. What they're doing by telling you how great the program is, is they're telling themselves how great the program is. Again, getting their focus on the value of the program again. The program's great, X, Z. Okay, cool. And what do we need to do to make it to a 10? You know what mean? Sometimes they'll say nothing. Sometimes they'll say simple stuff that you already have in there. Yeah, no, we can include that in there. That's already in there. Yeah, for sure. Whatever. All right. Okay, cool. So, okay. Now, so, cool. So, yeah, just to confirm, the program is something you actually want to do, and it's just a matter of making sure it works financially, right? Yeah. Okay, well, that makes sense. What I can do is I actually work with a billing company, and they kind of work like an afterpay, right? And they just basically help us break it down so it's a lot easier in cash flow. Would that be a bit more reasonable for you? Now, one thing I'd really get in the habit of using is the billing company. Okay. All right? Because anytime you talk about payments, whether you're on a sales call or they're already a client and maybe they're trying to cancel and they're still within their contract length, the billing company is the bad guy and you're just there to try and help them figure out a solution. Right? Well, that'd make it a bit more reasonable for you. So now offer payment plan. We never ever go from it's $3,500 to... Actually, I'll add one in here. Let's say $3,500 for six months. We never ever go from $3,500 to six months to payment plan straight away. There has to be an objection handle first. Otherwise, nothing's really changed. Yeah. I the only thing that's going to change someone's decision is new information. Right? Or shifting their belief or changing mindset or whatever. Right? Just because you offer them a payment plan, they're still not bought in. Cool. Payment plan. So yeah, cool. I work with a billing company. Works for Afterpay. Is that going to make it a little bit more reasonable? Yep. Cool. Okay. So yeah, there's... Fantastic. So yeah, they've got their own sort of breakdown structures. Let me just pull it up. And I'll literally pull it up. I won't share my screen, but I will literally pull it up. So it looks like I'm looking at something. Yeah. Okay, cool. So yeah, if we were looking at this six-month gold package, right. So instead of $3,500, what we could do is we could bring that right down to just $1,500. And then again, we wouldn't officially start the six months till Monday. So you're technically this week free. And the repayments wouldn't start for basically five weeks from now. So ages away. And that would just be, yeah, $400 a month from that point. So it makes it super easy on cashflow. Would that be a bit more realistic for you to get started? Right. Now see how I say it there? So anchor them with $3,500. Then say we could just do $1,500. So obviously they're saving two grand just off that. Makes it sound way more realistic, right? Then I try and put as much of it without overdoing it, a gap between $1,500 and the $400 a month because that's really what I want them to focus on. How affordable $400 a month is from that point, right? We wouldn't officially start for five weeks, and then we'd just be $400. And say it in a confident casual way. It'd just be $400 a month, so super easy on cash flow. That'd be a more reasonable to get started. If you make a big deal out of it, or you don't seem confident talking about price, it will instantly make them feel uncomfortable and unconfident in your ability to do it, right? Like it's not worth it. Does it make sense?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I forgot to mention as well, is the reason we say it's upfront is, one, it gives us a lot of wiggle room to objection handle and negotiate, but it also sounds a lot better. So, for example, know, $2,000 for three months doesn't really stick out like a sore thumb, really, does it? It doesn't sound like it's crazy. Whereas if I said it's $166 a week, you'd be like, what the ? You know what mean?
Asha Tao: Yeah, like it's so expensive.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so when you say larger payments in longer timeframes, it doesn't seem... Even $400 a month sounds better than $100 a week, right? So you're just trying less payments go through as well, but it just sounds better on the ears, right? Now, cool. So it obviously depends on what they say, but let's say they... No, get out of here. What is this? Let's say they are like... Yeah, just need to make sure that it does sound better, but I need to make sure it fits within my budget, right? And this is a really good one because this comes up quite a lot, right? We need to isolate what they actually mean by that. So essentially, is it fear or logistic? Okay? Now, the way to go about this... Again, it really depends on their answers and everything... Thank The way to go about fear versus logistics is like, okay, yeah, no, I completely understand that. know, last thing I want you to do is sort of, you know, join this program and you're out in the street, like begging for money, right? Like, again, break the ice, make a joke, make it casual. Just so I'm on the same page with you, yeah. And I just want to, again, I always like to reconfirm that they do want to do the program. And I just want to be absolutely sure, because like, if you don't, just 100% let me know. I'd love to sit down on same side of the table and see if we can make it work. I you know, if not, that's life sometimes. But, you is the program something you actually do want to do? Yeah, it is. Okay, cool. Well, I hope you don't mind me asking, but like, I guess, is it more a matter of, you know, you do actually have the funds available and you're just needing to make sure that it, you know, doesn't throw you too far out? Or is it a matter of, like, you don't actually, like, have the physical funds available and you'd need to actually figure out where you're going to get them from? See, isolating fear versus logistic.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because if they say... If either have the money, then we're wrong. We just have to overcome their ability to see the value in the program and get them to overcome. So it's an investment at the end of the day. It's a trade. They have to see the value in the result and the outcome more than the value of the $3,500 in this case. If it's logistic, it's like, okay, cool. Let's figure out where you can get that money from. Yeah. How much money are spending on going out to dinners and Uber Eats each week? How much money are spending on food? How much money are spending on going out with the girls? You break it down. Usually it's more so fear. Most people do have the money. Okay. Cool. Okay. And let's say, you know, oh, I do actually have the money. Um, it's just making sure that I don't, uh, throw myself out. Okay. Gotcha. Well, I guess in that case, I mean, there's different ways you could be go here. I guess like. I know my closer likes to do it. like, what would you kind of feel comfortable laying down today? See, you got to be careful with it because we're not super deep in the objection cycling here. But when it gets to something like this, you do have to be direct. You can't beat around the bush. You know what mean? Because unless you solve this specific issue, you're not going to be able to move on from this. So it's like, okay, cool. And just so I'm on the same page, like what would you actually feel comfortable about laying sort of down today? Like how much could actually cover today? See what they say. All right. The other thing is like, you know, let's say they say, oh, I do actually have the money. just want make sure it makes it work. Okay. Yeah. And that's no stress. Like in that case, now we go into second payment breakdown. All right. Okay. In that case, what we could do then, just having a look at what else they could do. Okay. Yeah. Sweet. So we have to price anchor this first, because we're going to increase the price now. So what we could do is instead of four... It'd just be $500 a month. So it's still super easy on cashflow. And again, that wouldn't start for five weeks. But instead of covering $1,500 now, all you'd have to do, it would just be okay. And that would allow us to get started. So you're saving $500 there. Would that be a little bit more realistic for you to get started? Because right now, they've just said that they do actually have the $1,500 to get started. They just want to make sure they don't throw themselves out. So we've just reduced the start rate by $500. You know what mean? Like you should, they should definitely be like, you know, they have the money to do that. So second price payment breakdown. Now I'm going to add a whole section for this. Re-ask. You have to re-ask. We could do 15. So instead of $1,500, could do just a K and that would get started. Would that be a bit more reasonable for you? Yes. Okay. Did you want to do that? Right.
Asha Tao: Now.
Kyle Musca: Now. Now. What I would do here is you need to start getting more direct because we've established that it's fear. I don't know if I can highlight that. We've established that it's fear, right? So it's like the only thing, you can keep trying to drop the price, but until you shift their belief at this point, they're not going to buy.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So here's where an analogy comes into play. Like let's say, I'll say, oh, like I still need to really make sure that it fits within my budget. Okay. Yeah, no, I completely understand that. And I guess, you know, again, just to, because again, like you can pull me up at any point in time. If you don't want to do it, you just absolutely let me know. Is the program something you actually do want to do? And you just really want to make sure it fits, you know, within the budget? Yes. We always ask this because it means it's giving us permission to keep going. If you just say to, if you just say to  like keep trying to, you know, kind of sell them, then they'll feel like that. We want to give them exits. We want to give them outs. You know what I mean? We want them lots of feedback. And because that takes away the pressure. So it's like, okay, cool. Look, what I would love to do is I would just love to sit down on the same side of the table and just sort of figure this out with you. If we can make it work, then fantastic. If not, again, like that's life sometimes, right? Do you mind if I sort of, I guess, challenge you on your perspective? That's a really good one before you go into something a little bit more direct. Do you mind if I put my coaching hat on? you mind if I challenge you on that perspective? Something like along those terms, right? Mission challenge. Any questions on any of this so far?
Asha Tao: Mm-mm. I did have a question earlier, but I've already forgot it.
Kyle Musca: Wow. If you have a question- That's why I always manage to like cut you off because I'm like, oh, but I forgot what it was. Yeah. Just let me know. So a really good one here is like an analogy, right? I'll say yes. Okay, cool. So let's say you're on an island right now, right? You you've been walking around on this island for whatever time frame they said before. Or, you've been walking on this island for, you know, Like two years trying to find a way off. You've been feeling stuck. You've been feeling unconfident. You've been feeling uncomfortable in your own body and your own skin. I've just come across in a, you know, a fully decked out cruise ship and I've said, hey, I'll let you jump on. I'm going to sail you to the mainland and you can live your happiest, healthiest, sexiest, you know, life. And the price of admission is just a K to get started, right? I guess my question to you is, are you going to sort of take me up on that offer? Are going to jump on this cruise ship and let me sail you to the holy land? Or are you going to continue walking around on this island, hoping that somehow you'll just find, magically find another way off? Or I guess best case scenario, another six months goes by and another cruise ship pulls up and it's twice the price and you don't even know if it's going to work.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I guess what, what option are going to take? Are going to, you know, I guess pay the price of admission to jump on the cruise ship or are just going to keep walking around the same circle and hope something else changes?
Asha Tao: I feel like I've seen it before, yes. Do I know what I mean? Absolutely no idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so basically like it comes down to like a king or a queen, right? Someone in charge, right? And obviously, you know, being a queen is a tremendous blessing, right? But at the same time, it's also a tremendous burden because everyone's constantly looking at you to make decisions, right? And it really depends on the person wearing the crown because for the right person, they will take on that burden and the people will flourish for it. The kingdom will flourish for it. For the wrong person, they'll shy away from that burden and they'll overindulge in the blessings and the kingdom essentially will go to , right? So it really depends on, you know, whoever's wearing the crown. Now, the only thing that's different about those two peoples is the decisions that they actually make, right? So when it comes to leading your own life and becoming the woman that you want to be. Are you going to pass off that responsibility and let someone else make that decision for you? Or are you going to take ownership and leadership to make the decisions that are going to directly impact your own life to become the woman that you want to be? So I guess what decision are you going to make?
Asha Tao: Me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, like, you read that.
Asha Tao: Obviously, I'd make the decision because I don't need to have someone else make it for me.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. So, yeah, you just keep constantly going through different things here.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Different objections. Yeah. You can just keep going.
Asha Tao: Essentially, you just keep going until they  say, like, Yes, okay, send me the link.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yes or  off.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the reason I didn't keep dropping price there is because we established it was fear. And we established that they had the money. You know what mean? So it wasn't about dropping the price. No matter how much I dropped the price. Or offered payment plans or whatever. They were never going to take it until I broke the fear objection.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? Whereas logistics, I would have obviously focused more on breaking prices down and dropping packages and stuff at that point. Right? Let's just say you objection handle, you go through all these different things, you get more direct and more direct to the point where you're like, what decision do make right now? And they're still, you know, an absolute  about it and they won't make a decision. Like, look, to be honest with you, I'm, look, from everything that you've told me, it seems like you do really want to do this program and it just seems like price is the one thing that's sort of holding you back. And I really just don't want to see, you know, you constantly, I don't want to see you be like another girl who constantly uses the finances, like, excuse at the end of the day. I do understand it's a, again, however you  word this, something you have to take into consideration. Look, what I shouldn't be doing this, but I do actually have a silver package. Now it is technically for, it is technically full. This is again, why I always say. There's only two spots left. There's only one spot left, et cetera, et cetera. Because we're pulling this out of the back pocket now.
Asha Tao: This is when they're like, nah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like you're right at the end. This is your last resort. You're about to get off the phone, right? We're pushing urgency and scarcity massive here. So there's not technically a spot open for it. But I do think I have someone finishing mid to end next week, I think it is. So I could slot you in there to take that spot. Now, it's still very comprehensive. Still comes with all the custom programming, yada, yada, yada. Main things is, you know, slide, step down, whatever you say. If we were look at that, bring it from 3,500 right down to just 3,500, 3,500 right down to 2,500 for the entire six months. So it comes out to be a fair bit more affordable. Would that be a bit more realistic for you? You know mean?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it would be, but I really want to think about it. Look, yeah, that's no stress. Just to be completely transparent with you. Again, I don't actually technically have a spot open for that. And what usually ends up happening is I'll get on a call with a girl, similar to how we are now. And there'll be someone ending soon, and they just take that spot. So the likelihood of that there's actually an open spot technically for the silver package is very, very rare. So you can think about it, but I guarantee you that that spot isn't going to be available for you.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So they have to take it there and then. All right. But it's $2,500 for six months. So what we could do is we could just go straight onto a payment plan of $100 a week.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Asha Tao: Yeah. Honestly, anything to do with numbers makes me a little bit like, what the  am I looking at? But if I go over it, I'll be sweet and obviously send this to me. But it is making a lot of sense. I just honestly go over titled as soon as there's heaps of numbers.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, eh. Yeah. The main thing you need to remember here is just $400, $500, and $600 a month for all of them. Except for the silver. I wouldn't really follow the downsell packages. You can if you want to, but obviously you've gotten to this point. Because... Yeah. They're  broke as .
Asha Tao: So it's like this is where you kind of go more on to just a regular payment plan from the start. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Doesn't it all make sense?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Any questions I had at all on either?
Asha Tao: If I have questions, I'll let you know. I'm definitely someone to kind of like digest it all and then be like, should have asked this. Or I'll come to something in my own terms and then need some advice, just like I've been doing all week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, the biggest thing with sales in general, and objection handling specifically, is you can never tell them something. So you always have to ask questions that lead them to them telling themselves.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you tell someone something, either in the script or in objection handling, if you tell someone something, their guard will instantly go up. Okay. They're feeling like they're being sold to.
Asha Tao: Yeah. So what do you mean by that? Like what would be a good example there?
Kyle Musca: So for example, even when I was using the analogies, like you're walking around on this island right now, you're continuously going in circles and I've come up and I've helped you do a cruise ship to the Holy Land so you can come here as strong as healthy as happy as self. I guess what option are you going to take? Are you going to keep walking around on this island and continue going in circles and hoping something will change? Or are you going to take that, you know, ticket and jump on the cruise ship and sail to the Holy Land?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So it's not like I'm saying the only options you have are you're going to walk around this island and you're never going to find a way off it. Or you can either get on this cruise ship and I'll take you to the Holy Land. So you're going to, and you're still, it's still a question at the end of the day, but that wasn't the best example. So a general rule of thumb is you should be talking 20% of the time and they should be talking 80% of the time. All right. There we go. They want to go and ramble on their own  tangent and start talking about something completely unrelated. If you let them do it, you're just going to continue spiraling off direction. And then all of a sudden, 45 minutes or an hour has passed, and you realize you didn't really get into the emotional side of the script at all. You had a nice conversation, but they're not bought in, and they just don't see the value in the program.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, we need to divert their attention straight back on script. Now, the easiest way to do this is essentially just acknowledge what they say. And this is basically all I would get into the habit of doing. This is like, it's simpler than you'd think. Most people try and overcomplicate it and  go on their own. Never coach in a sales call. You never, ever, ever want to coach. You never, ever want to tell them what they're doing is wrong. You never want to say, this is how we're going to do things differently. Right? Because if they don't agree with you, they haven't trusted you enough to take your advice yet. They haven't bought into you. But if you tell them, I learned this right as I was talking to this Indian dude.
Asha Tao: Have I spoken about this before? No.
Kyle Musca: I was speaking to this Indian dude and he was doing like an hour of cardio seven days a week, but he was like, I don't meal prep. I don't cook, anything like that. I was like, sweet, man. Like what we can do there is we'll pull it back to five sessions a week, which will give you two spare hours. That will give you some time to meal prep. And then you don't even have to think about food for the rest of the week.
Asha Tao: I lost him as soon as I said that.
Kyle Musca: He did not care about anything I had to say afterwards. He's don't tell me what to do with my cardio sessions. Yeah. He's like, you know, he was doing literally everything wrong. But because I told him, you know, what he was doing was wrong, his guard instantly went up and he shut off and he didn't have, he did not care about anything I said after that. People will get defensive naturally if you say what they're doing is wrong.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do is I would either, all you need to do is either recite what they say to you and move on. Or offer a solution to the problem that they just said in terms of, so what I mean by that is like, let's say, you know, the amount of time you have available to love, support, and accountability you need, or even like the resources you'd like me to provide, what do you feel like you'd need to be successful? Oh, I just feel like, you know, someone there to do check-ins with and, you know, keep me accountable and sort of just guide me through it. okay, yeah, so ideally someone just to, you know, keep in good communication with you, do those weekly check-ins, make sure you're on track, and just sort of guide you through it so you know how to navigate certain situations. Yeah, exactly. Like, you see, I just recited exactly what I, she just, that the theoretical person just said to me. When you do that, sounds silly, but when you do that, basically what that means, like, is telling the person is, oh, this person really just heard and understood what I said. You know what mean?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you can just move on. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. And I guess like, I know you mentioned you're severely depressed before. Do you want to tell me about more about that? The other thing is, so offer a solution. So if they're like, oh, I really struggle with like accountability and motivation. Sorry, I really struggle with consistency and motivation. It's like, oh, okay, it's cool. So I guess like probably, you know, potentially having a coach there to sort of keep you accountable and sort of giving you that structure. So you, you know, it makes it easy to stay consistent would be really helpful for you then.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, cool. That makes sense. And then move on. You know what mean?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, as a general rule of thumb, there's obviously for this, there's, you know, different exceptions, I guess. But if you say anything in this script stage, if you say anything more than three sentences that's off script, like in a row, you're probably veering too far away.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Any questions on that?
Asha Tao: No.
Kyle Musca: I've talked about 3%, but we'll be fine.
Asha Tao: love how you're like pushing it to like the last minute. That's such a me thing to do with battery percentages. Yeah, I'm upstairs and there's like no things down here, up here, so. Yeah, you're like,  it. I do have a call at five anyway. So, I mean, if you want to, I don't even know if you're going to get 10 minutes out of this, but I think what I need to do, what were you going to say?
Kyle Musca: If it goes dead, goes dead. If it goes dead, yeah, not an issue.
Asha Tao: what I'll do is I'll definitely, I'm stressing now because I have two, three calls tonight and I'm like, oh.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't, don't put too much pressure on yourself.
Asha Tao: I'll do what I did this afternoon. Like I definitely stuck more to the script. I am good at going off on like a little tangent, but like I feel like I still was able to close it.
Kyle Musca: But the thing I would do here is. is. is. I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll So I don't know how you did it, but I will literally have this script up on my call and like, it'd be exactly how it is right now. I just wouldn't be sharing my screen. So obviously you wouldn't be able to see it. And as long as you're not like sitting there, like reading it side to side, what I do is I just like, away. You know what I mean? So it's like, you know, if it's like, okay. Okay.
Asha Tao: And I guess like, maybe help me to understand, you know, why you might be looking at- Don't just be like, like, I'm so bad. I'd probably be that obvious, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the thing there is slow it down. So yeah, slow it right down. You can take long delayed pauses if you need to collect your thoughts and that will actually go in your favor. If you're, I obviously rush it because I'm trying to get through it quickly. But on the actual call, like my, the tonality and pacing is super important. So if I'm like, okay, and maybe help me understand like why you might be looking at getting outside help with this instead of maybe just trying to figure it out yourself. It doesn't come across very empathetic. And it comes across rushed, and rushed isn't confident, right? Whereas if I'm like, and body language comes into it as well, so if I was actually on a call, I'd be like, okay, okay. And I guess like, it will maybe help me to understand, you know, why you might be looking at getting outside help with this instead of maybe just trying to figure it out for yourself.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? If you lose your, where you're at, right, just act like you're thinking about something, say. Okay, let's say they answer that, and I lost where I'm at here. Okay. Okay, that makes sense. Okay.
Asha Tao: Just a long draw.
Kyle Musca: I guess like, yeah, just act like you're thinking about something in depth. Okay, all right. And I guess like, besides, you know, that, whatever they said, let's say we were to sit there, and you just continue on.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: As long as you think, look like you're thinking about something in depth, you can like, stay as silent as you want.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And so don't.
Asha Tao: And I think that's the thing for me is I'm like silence. Even like that little pause there for me, I'm like, that was so long.
Kyle Musca: Silence works in your favor when you get good at sales because as awkward as you feel, they feel way more awkward.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So not a general rule of thumb, another cardinal rule of sales is once you say price, you just shut up. You do not say a single word. But it doesn't matter if 10, 20, 30 seconds goes by and they haven't said a word, you just do not say a word.
Asha Tao: So if that's where I was to be like, okay, and just for instance, I'm not going to, I'm just going to stick with the packages that I'm selling at the moment. I don't have enough time tonight to go into what you've set up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Asha Tao: But if I was like, cool, so we've got Fitness Bestie, that's also probably a good question. I'm trying to push my current new client special that I have at the moment, which is 999 up front for 10 weeks. Are you happy? Maybe for me to do that and then offer the $129 after because that's what I've been doing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can do it. You won't have enough time to probably change it, as you said today. That's what I mean.
Asha Tao: So I'll just keep doing what I've been doing with those offers. , what was I even just going to ask you then? . Anyway, I'll just keep doing what I'm doing today until we get into, like, setting up the correct offers.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then, again, with pricing, the confidence comes into, like, that so much there. If you say the price, I'm confident or rationally make a big deal out of it, they'll feel that and they'll instantly feel, you know, scared to make a decision.
Asha Tao: Oh, sorry. I just remember what it was. So when I say the price, $9.99 up front for 10 weeks, is that all I say? I don't even say one single thing after that.
Kyle Musca: I always add in a guarantee.
Asha Tao: Yeah? With, like, $500, did you say $500 guarantee?
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, my guarantee is, obviously, I back everything I do. So if you sign up, follow the plan and not achieve results you're stoked with, I'll give you a full refund plus $500. That's a conditional guarantee. So I actually have to do the work to get the result. And I've only ever had two people ask me for this. And one dude was actually making really good progress. He just had a little bit more weight to lose and built muscle in the process. So I just gave him a free extra month, whatever. He was like a high-ticket client. The second one, the dude's like a little bit retarded. He sounded a bit stupid on the phone. But I didn't give him a refund because he didn't actually follow the  program.
Asha Tao: Yeah, where it's like, have you followed what I set for you?
Kyle Musca: No. Okay. Yeah. So it's like, at the end of the day, like, even if they don't achieve the result, well, if they follow it, then they'll achieve the result. But let's say theoretically they didn't. As long as you deliver a good quality service and you build a relationship with them, they're not going to ask you for a refund.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you'll say that. So, yeah. So for that, I've got a current offer running now. It's like, what do said? Bring a bestie, whatever.
Asha Tao: Fitness better.
Kyle Musca: Bestie? It's a fitness bestie offer I'm currently running right now. It actually ends this week. And obviously, I stand behind everything I do. So if you sign up to that, follow everything I'll add for your non-achievers or your absolute status. Not only will give you a full refund, I'll give you $500 cash your way for wasting your time. So I guess, yeah, and that comes out to be 999.
Asha Tao: So I guess which option sort of jumped out to you there? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then just silence.
Asha Tao: And when I say which option, is that something where I'm offering a different one as well?
Kyle Musca: Or do we just say like, how do you feel with that option? Yeah. If you're just offering the one, then I'd be like, it's 999 and then the guarantee. So I guess, yeah. So if it's that, I would say like, yeah, how does that sound?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I guess with all that being said, how does that sound?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it sounds good.
Asha Tao: I was like, I can't just say the price and just be like.
Kyle Musca: But you say it casually. So yeah, for the fitness besties, just 999. And obviously, I stand behind everything I say. Just with all that being said.
Asha Tao: How does that sound? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then if you just sit there in an awkward silence, just...
Asha Tao: It makes me feel so awkward.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But what happens there is they'll get to a point, I don't know if you've ever been on the receiving end of this, you'll get to a point where you've stayed silent for so long that you, what's happening is they're just convincing themselves to do it. And they get to a point of, like, no return where they've kind of been silent so long that they'll just be like, oh,  it, let's just do it.
Asha Tao: No, I haven't. That's good.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, silence is, like, a really... It's a tough tool because it does feel  awkward, but it's, like, if you just sit there and shut up, like, it will work in your favor.
Asha Tao: Yeah. Amazing. Well, no. No questions right now. I'll send you some if I have any, but I will... I need to make a coffee before this next call. But, yeah, I'm good. I'm just going to try and do what we said, close on the call, and go from there.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. Let me know how you go. And I don't know if you have Fathom yet, but if you can record at least some of these calls by next week.
Asha Tao: This is this, the Fathom Notetaker.
Kyle Musca: I will download that today. Yeah, it's a free thing. It's pretty cool. Cool. All Well, good luck at it. And let me know how you go.
Asha Tao: Thank you so much. Have a good day. You too. See you. Bye. Bye.


>>> 102/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-20T04:01:17Z | id:123940138
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. So I was like six hours, so it's a bit of a pain in the . Yeah, I just read Kyle and Todd.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that's fair.
Kyle Musca: Well, we'll rip right into the lot I want to cover in today's session and get those all rolling for you.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: A couple things. Is there anything that you want to dive into specifically on this call?
Imogen Harris: No, whatever you feel like is best. No, I'm cruising.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So first and foremost, I was going to go set up your campaigns before, but I realized we don't have an ad.
Imogen Harris: Account created. So have you created your right account? Yes. As in like for just like meta ads and stuff?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you want to share your screen? It's just a matter of inviting me then, hopefully.
Imogen Harris: Is this an ads manager?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Oh, yes. I remember. I don't have it on this laptop currently because my other laptop  itself. So I think there's a way I can do it on this phone.
Kyle Musca: You should just be able to log in with your Facebook, I believe. I I don't, I would definitely do it on your laptop. Okay.
Imogen Harris: Do I remember my password? I had my other laptop completely crash with everything on it the other day, so I'm currently using the other laptop.
Kyle Musca: Did you get that thing with Soda with Charles as well?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I just said, like, were we able to do, like, five days? And so, oh, yes, my bad, and then sent me the new link, so I've just got to pay for it, and then that's fine. Yeah, ideally, we definitely want someone in there seven days, but we can... If prefer, like, I'm not really that bothered. It's not that much of a difference.
Kyle Musca: We can increase... So we'll need to find a second set up to do it, essentially. So it's just not moving parts, so we'll just keep it with five days for now. Yeah. It'll keep spinning down. And then, have you ever ran ads or anything?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I have in the past with Carlin for a little bit, but like nothing crazy. Yeah, I added her into it at some point, but I took her back out before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you would have an ad account and everything. Michael would have had to set up one anyway, I believe. Anyway, it's pretty simple. All you need to do there is just come into, just come into, probably better, just come into People and then invite people. Add my email address, which is kyle.empcoaching.com.au.
Imogen Harris: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then it will ask what access, just give me full control.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I should be, if you give me full control, I'll be
Imogen Harris: got to add myself to all the accounts I need. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you've got your Instagram and everything connected, hey?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we can set everything up from there and then we're good to go. That's all we need to do on that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, that's easy.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So one thing I really want to quickly run over is just get your organic Instagram pumping a bit more.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep, cool. Do you use much, do you get much out of this?
Imogen Harris: I've just, so I was with another brand, Nexus, for a while and then  blew up with them.
Kyle Musca: So I've just started with them. Do you use this page?
Imogen Harris: Not really, to be honest. It's more at this point. I've tried to start like collaborating with it a little bit more. But it's not something that I usually post on too often.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would personally get rid of that if you're not going to do too much. Just because, I mean, it's good if you wanted to create like, for example, what Jesse does with ShieldsFit, you you want to build more of a community, but it is like quite a  round to do. I'm not going lie, I try to do it as well. It's just you have to completely double your posting. I would just, anything you're going to post on that, just post on your current page. You know what mean? Just gear yourself heavily towards personal branding.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, what I would do here is I would have it so, first of all, with the profile picture, ideally you kind of want something close up, maybe like a headshot, or obviously we're trying to do fitness, so I tried to get my body in a little bit. But people should be able to clearly see you because most of the time the profile picture is just a small thing. Yeah, yeah. know, I think like you should... Really stand out there. And if you look at the best marketers in the world, you know, we go, Alex and Mosey, it's just a face shot, you know what I mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, face shot kind of thing. So that's something I would do there.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is, let me go to the account now. What I would do is, so there's a lot of stuff happening here, you know what I mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which can cause confusion. Like, we want to basically come onto your page and instantly see that you're an online coach, right? Yeah. So you see mine, for example, I ripped everything out. It's just online coach, a big, bold promise of who exactly you help. Yeah. mean, now, with bold promises, I would get into the habit of thinking of one that you can use, like, as your main driver, like the person you're known as. So, for example, mine's dropped 10 kilos plus in three months. Really nice tangible. So with this helped over a thousand men drop 10 kilos in three months or less. Right. Nice, bold, tangible. Right. A lot of people like, you know, lose weight, turn up. You can, those are things you can add and stuff, but without like a specific, you know, we want people to actually really imagine exactly what result they're going to get out of working with you. You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: When it comes to marketing, we want to make sure that we kind of want to treat our audiences like, like as if they were a retarded, you know, like we want to make that there's no sort of like room for confusion, what you do, how to, you know, approach you if they want coaching and where to go. Right.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for me, it's just helped over a thousand men apply for coaching. Right.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So with yours, you've got online coach there, which is fantastic. Um, what I would do is, um, what Yeah. Remove that. You can keep that in there. What I would do is bold promise.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then I would do keep this. And then you might even want to do like dash FMG bikini pro because those are like the credit.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. They're too like, you know, not only if you got a, you know, you're a sports nutritionist, you're also like a pro.
Imogen Harris: So those are things we do want in there. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that way you can remove it from there. So it's just like Imogen Harris, an online transformation coach.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you can keep that in there if you want and then apply for coaching. Just be real careful because anything under like, I think, three lines, then it will be like, see more on the phone.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which you kind of want like just very clear apply for coaching.
Imogen Harris: You know mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think trying to balance when you're working with brands and sponsorships and stuff. It's like, who do you really want to market for? Do you want to market more for brands or do you want to market more for yourself?
Imogen Harris: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: So I guess like for like the bold promise, obviously like it's, it's so different depending on the person of what I kind of achieve with them. Like, it's not like I'm purely, I just get like weight loss, like a lot of them come to me for like IBS issues.
Kyle Musca: A lot of come to me like just to build muscle. So would I still just navigate towards one aspect? I would like, cause I'm the same. Like people, you know, men come to me for building muscle. Men come to me for, you maybe they don't need to lose five kilos type thing. But it's like, we want a nice, big, bold promise.
Imogen Harris: Like, you know, if I can help you lose 10 kilos and I can help you lose five kilos and build muscle. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, I would kind of think of like what your ideal client avatar is. I'm like, what are most women come to you? Yeah. Looking for. Also, we want to market to people that actually have more of a pain point. You know what I mean? Like most people, if they only need to lose two, three kilos, it's like they're probably, you know, maybe they do look at getting a coach, sure. But like, you know, the women that need to lose, you know, 10, 15, 20 kilos, they're going to stick around a lot longer to get the job done. So it's like we want to, we want to go for the, I guess, the lowest hanging fruit, if that makes sense.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Imogen Harris: No, it's all good.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Now, two things here. I wouldn't add both these things. So again, with the funnel, we want to remove as many distractions and as many points of leak as possible. Because again, people's attention spans are really, really low. They might come on here and see if three more. Okay, so that just opens. That's cool, I guess. Do you do much with your YouTube?
Imogen Harris: It's been hit and miss. I've started getting back into it again, but yeah. There was a bit of a break between us.
Kyle Musca: Is this just the Instagram account? Oh, no. Okay. So one. So I would remove this.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Two reasons. One is, it could be the website, the landing page. It could be my internet. It just seems a little bit slow. People have small attention spans. The other thing is websites, a bit of a, like a trap in today's day and age, because, you know, maybe someone does come to, like, literally what I just did. I came to look at your coaching application, but then I see, oh, it's running the momentum. Oh, what's that? Scroll down. Maybe the boyfriend's texted at this point in time, so they've gotten distracted. Maybe someone's knocked at the door. Maybe they've gotten a notification.
Imogen Harris: They click off. You know what mean? Or if it's just a link to book a call, then it's just back and back.
Kyle Musca: Of Okay. go. So yeah, we just want to give one clear directive. We don't want to give them any other reason. And we want to make sure that funnel as short as possible. Because now it's like, the other thing is you're giving a whole bunch of different options here, right?
Imogen Harris: So this is going to make girls kind of feel overwhelmed.
Kyle Musca: And you're also publicly displaying prices here, which I would never do.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I'd remove that completely. Because the issue with that is like, maybe they come on here and they do want one-to coaching. It's like, oh, actually, I really need to help with my nutrition plan. Oh, boyfriend's texted.
Imogen Harris: Off I go. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Oh, $123 for nutrition. Nah, I just can't afford that right now. Like, this is too expensive for someone to just buy us just from a link.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Unless they're really hot in terms of they've been following you and you've got a really sort of good relationship with them from your content. Yeah. I would just remove all that completely, essentially.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you use much of a YouTube?
Imogen Harris: It's very hit and miss, but to be honest, it's at the point where I could literally just put up the link of a video, so it's not something that I need to have in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've got just links and , so yeah, that can all go, to be honest. Yeah, yeah, with the YouTube, I mean, yeah, just posting your stories and stuff when you want to do direct traffic to it.
Imogen Harris: But by cutting all that out, it's just like the only option we have there is coaching application. Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, and even that just takes us to a link tree. So this is the other thing you've got to look at is like, yeah, every sort of point, everything, every time someone has to click on something, load a page, enter a piece of information, basically do anything. It's a point of friction. The more friction you have, the more leaks you'll have and the more drop-off you'll have.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: All right, so we just want make it super simple.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because now we've got, and this is overwhelming because again, it's like, come on for a discovery call. I'll be right in it, supplements. I'll be in And apparel, cream of rice, what's that? What's all for me? You know what mean? Like, it's just so many, maybe they do click onto your Instagram, you know, YouTube, maybe they start watching a video, which is not a bad thing, but it's like, then they don't apply for coaching.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So what I would personally do, and I haven't done it yet, but like, even for me, just rip even the ghost code, because no one's going to come through my website, like my  profile to go onto ghost and then use my code, you know what mean? Um, so it's like, I'm just going to use it and literally just have that link as straight to my application form.
Imogen Harris: And that's the only thing. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's what I have a separate application form rather than just putting in a cool link. Yeah. So we don't do that because one is if I click on here, look at discovery call. Um, yeah, I could do, oh, no.
Imogen Harris: I'm working at that time. I can't book a call. well. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? Whereas if you do like, so what we can do is we can add conditional logic.
Imogen Harris: What is your application form?
Kyle Musca: Do you have it here?
Imogen Harris: don't actually have one, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So we need to do that because people are lazy. And that's how, again, think of them as a bit retarded, a lazy, right? You know, all we want is essentially their contact details. And we can set up conditional logic. Do you have a form that you use, like a website?
Imogen Harris: No, I'm not currently.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I use JotForm. It's nice. It seems it's convenient and simple. Other people use Typeform. Typeform looks clean. I've never used it. looks fine. What you can do here with JotForm is you can do things like conditional logic. So for me, for example, they fill out the information. And, again, we just want nice, simple contact details. That's all I want. I don't anything. If I click one thing, it takes me to one thing. If I click another thing, it takes me to a different thing. So if I'm qualified, it will take me to a call booking page. If I'm not qualified, it will take me to a newly signed up link, right? Now, what I would personally recommend doing for you is just because we want to give you as much opportunity as possible, you can have it as a conditional logic and have it set up similar to how I've got it set up, or you can just have it as a, like an input thing where people can type and do occupation.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know mean?
Imogen Harris: Narrow minding it too much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because, yeah, for me, as long as they're working full-time, it's like, cool, worth a chat. If you're not, if you're working part-time or you're a casualty apprentice or you're not working, it's like, you're not going to be able to fork what I do, get the  out of here. Yeah. Um, for you, I would, if you're going to do it this way, I would, I would allow calls for working part-time and working, um, part-time and full-time more so just to. One, practice your calls on part-time, more just to get more volume through mainly.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So if I say working full-time, so this is a two-step form. Once I say next step, that form has been submitted. I have that person's contact details. So they can now automatically book in a call for a time that suits them. But if they, you know, for whatever reason, don't book in a call because none of time suits them or they're just a lazy , then I can always contact them directly and book them in.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Now, this is a general rule of thumb. Pardon?
Imogen Harris: This is job form, is it?
Kyle Musca: This is, so this is my, this is Go High Level, this actual page. So basically what happens is when I clicked working full-time and submit, it rerouted me to my Go High Level phone call URL.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Self-booking call. As a general rule of thumb as well, when you're talking. to anyone, especially in like DM settings and stuff like that. You want to avoid sending them a link. I send them the link just because it's like, well, they can manually book in. I want them to manually book in. But again, like I will still reach out to them or help my setters reach out to them and manually book them in, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If they don't book in here. Now, if we go back here, right? And I said, working part-time or anything else, basically says, and I need to fix this, but I just haven't really cared because I don't really care about these people as much. But, you know, unfortunately, we're full at the moment, but you can sign up to this program here.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, for you, it could just be a low ticket Newee link.
Imogen Harris: Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But essentially, see how like simple that is?
Imogen Harris: It's just like, bang, bang, bang, done. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then speed to lead with this is critical. I would be checking this. Yeah. Throughout the day, because as soon as you get someone, the faster, as soon as someone applies for this, like enters their application form, the sooner you can get them on the phone or you can communicate with them and get them on an actual sales call, the more likely they will convert into a client, right? You want to capture people in a buying mindset. If you leave it a day, two days, three days, again, these people struggle with weight loss and motivation and accountability, right? By then, they've completely changed what they want.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, I might even, instead of doing the selective one, might just do what you said about the typing in their occupation and just that way I can get on top of manually reaching out as soon as they do it, just to begin with.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then this is a really important process here. So when you do reach out to them, first I would start with a call. So as soon as you see it, just call them. Now double call them, right? So most people won't pick up the first time. They might have their phone on do not disturb or most people just don't pick up to random numbers. Right? So if you do. Double call. will obviously call through the Do Not Disturb. Or people will see a double call and think, oh, it must be an emergency or something to pick up.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? It's not, you can't feel annoying double calling, but like when you're on the receiving end of it, you don't really think about it twice.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Once you're on the phone, especially if they've applied for your coaching and you're like, hey, it's Emo, I just saw you apply for coaching. So it's a very casual, probably a two-minute conversation just to kind of set them. And, hey, Rachel, it's just, you know, Emo here, I was just going through my coaching applications and I saw that you applied to potentially get a hand with things. Are you still kind of looking, like potentially open to looking at that? See, I'm using a lot of like potentially's, possibly's. It's a lot of non-commitment terminology, right? We just want to open the idea of conversation.
Imogen Harris: We don't want them to feel like just by chatting to us, they're obligated to do anything. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? Cool. Well, okay, well, I'd love to just like, and this is that basic DM setting process, keep it really nice and simple. I would be, I would. Ask goal, struggle, what they do for work. So that's my, always my financial qualify. It's just a nice soft one. We don't want to lead into the conversation of like, how much do you make? How much can you invest? All that stuff. Because what happens there is their brain instantly goes to, this is expensive.
Imogen Harris: How much does it cost?
Kyle Musca: We want to avoid that conversation at all costs. All right. So we just slide this in this sneakily through casual conversation. Really good one for this is like, can get a really early in the call if it's done right. It's like, hey, hey, Richard, how are going? Cool. Well, I just going through my coaching applications, just seeing if you're still potentially keen to look a little bit further into that. Yeah. Yeah. Is now a good time to chat? Yeah. Yeah. I'm just at work. Oh, okay. Awesome. What do you do for work, by the way? Yeah. Yeah. You throw it in there real casually if you can.
Imogen Harris: Right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Let's say it doesn't, you can't get it out. It's okay. Cool. Well, I'll just just love to learn a little bit more about you first, just to see if it's something I could potentially even help you with. I guess, goal question. What is your sort of current goal at the moment? I just want to lose 10 kilos. Okay, fantastic. And I feel like, I guess like, what do you feel like has been sort of the biggest thing that's sort of holding you back from losing that 10 kilos? So struggle questions. We go goal question, struggle question. If they haven't answered it yet. Okay. And just so I can get like a little bit of a better idea of, you know, your day-to-day sort of movements and everything like that. Where are you based and what does it do for work, by the way? Is it highly active or do you find it like, like super stressful or anything like that? All right. I'm a shift worker. So I'm on my feet a lot and it can be stressful, but it's all right. Okay. Fantastic. Well, that's all you asked. Okay. Awesome. Well, look, I couldn't do it right now, but did you have some time over the next day or so and we can jump on a call and dive into things a little bit deeper? Yeah, that should be good. Right? Yeah. Now what I would do here, you already have that phone and you already have the email from this. So I would just open up Calendly and manually book them in. Cool. All right. Well, you know, I could do tomorrow at 3 p.m. Does that work? Yeah. Yeah. Can we do four? Yeah. Four is fine. Cool. Do you want to lock that one in? Yeah. Perfect. Great.
Imogen Harris: You should have just got a confirmation. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: If they're wanting to continue a conversation at that point on the phone, just try and still do the Calendly link or? It depends. I mean, if you have the time and they have the time and you can get them on a closing call right there and then it's like, yeah, for sure. Like, yeah, go for it. If you don't want to take the call right there and then just, even if you set it for like an hour or two hours down in the afternoon, you know what mean? Yeah. Um, we do want them on that call as soon as possible. So it's like, if you can get them right there and then dive straight into a call, um, go for it for sure.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Uh, and then get, uh, I would get into the habit of manual booking. If you're on the phone with them, you know, and you send them the link, then just kind of hang up when you.
Imogen Harris: To be honest, I don't even think I've ever actually manually, I've never actually sent someone a link.
Kyle Musca: I've always booked it in on my own. Oh, fantastic.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's when you get into DM setting and especially running ads and stuff, you start sending links, people will. You know, it still starts to feel a bit too official, a little bit too salesy. Yeah. Cool. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Imogen Harris: No. No, it's all good. I'll, this afternoon, I'll completely revamp everything and make sure and do a form, basic form, and get that all sorted.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Shoot that through to me and then, yeah, just cull off pretty much everything that you don't need on your profile.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. Now, with, we won't go before, wait, wait. Oh, we can do a pretty decent time. We'll see how we go. So. Okay. So, I'll go through this because this is the most important thing first. So, what I've really started to get in the habit of is making your CTAs on your posts. Huh?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, for me, I throw them in every single post now.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, we want it to stand out. So, I'd use your own mode. Bye. Bye. If you have, like, say, link or something like that, they can see you. Obviously, that's directly away. So what I used to say, I just say, go apply for coaching now. You can't say, you know, go apply for coaching via my profile or something like that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, cool. If you need context on that, I do it for, like, literally every single video. Yeah. Doesn't even matter. For this one, I didn't even know how to relate it to it. So I just  have ties to coaching. if you want to get a you know what mean? Like, throw it in there. Yeah. Now, when you go to post as well, you'll see two things. One is a prompt and the other is a poll. There's two buttons where you write the caption.
Imogen Harris: Have you seen them?
Kyle Musca: I think so. Yeah. So they're, like, right there front and center, but everyone misses them. So the prompt is going to take the caption and it's going to put it at the top of the comment section. That's really important because when someone's scrolling through on Reels or Feed or anywhere, they're more likely to open the comments than they are to open the caption.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, right. Okay. So your caption or response is weird.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it just puts it straight at the top of the comment section for you. Now, the poll is what it says. It's a poll. It looks like a normal poll. If you go into like one of my recent posts on Instagram and you click on the comment section, you'll see one, you'll see the captions there. That's obviously a prompt. And then you'll see the poll there. Now, what that does is it gets people to start tapping on obviously whatever the poll is for, which means that every single tap is another piece of engagement that Instagram can read and say, okay, this is, you know, something that people are engaging with. Let's push it harder in the algorithm.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. That's what I would get like really, and this is a refined skill and it'll take you some time, but get, get, uh, I guess not. Not freaky, but like start learning to very subtly put little pieces of engagement prompts in, you know, your video somehow. So for me, for example, when I'm talking about, you know, maybe it's a topic that I know people have a lot of opinions on, at the very end of the video, I'm like, what are your thoughts? I mean, because that will encourage people to go comment more.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Yeah. So you use both the prompt and the polls every time?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Just because, again, it's something that, anything that we can help use to push, put the video into one, get more people to engage. Every click, you know, watch time. That's why captions are great. Like if you do it for the right reason, is because people will open this up and read the caption while that's reading, the watch time of the video will play.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like that type of thing. So, you know, if it's something like really related. Like for whatever, I can't think of off top of my head, but like, let's say it's something really relatable between friends. like, share this with a mate who needs to, you know, get his  in a gear or something like that. Can be something like that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So that would go in the prompt? Like, no. So no, I would keep the prompt and the caption heavily just geared towards one CTA. So we don't want to be saying like, save it and then comment and then apply for coaching and stuff. You're giving them too many directives. All right. If you're going to do something in the caption, just give them one directive. Yeah. I'm talking more about the video. I can't skip it so much. But like right at the end of like, what are your thoughts? I mean.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Usually in my experience, whatever the CTA you're doing, unless it's for an actual ad, it's organic. It should be like one sentence max.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you don't want be hard selling. You don't want be . It's just like, hey, the option's there if you want it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. Does that all make sense?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. I find just by adding that, like the CTAs in my story here, in my posts here, brings in a lot of like organic leads through, again, making sure that application process is nice and easy. It's nice and easy. Yeah, like we'll talk about, I think we'll have more time to go up more of the organic stuff, so we'll get all that sorted in this session. But stories are good because they will show your closest engaged followers your , but story reach sucks. You know what mean? Like it just doesn't do well for anyone. Unless you have like a  massive, massive like audience. But like reels and posts and feed, anything like actual posts get shown to a lot more of your followers, but also non-followers as well. So it's like we want to make sure we're making our .
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I've prioritized posting over stories the last, like, month or so. Yeah, so it's like both are good.
Kyle Musca: And especially while, like, you're doing it organically, I would definitely get on top of stories as well because people will, maybe they see a post and then they come in and they will get your stories and they start seeing your profile. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. I've got to find it. I don't think it's this long, but I'll think it is. No. Okay. So there's different, we'll go over the content pillars first because that's more important than the stories, to be honest. So there are essentially five core pillars of content. It basically means there's five main ways to create content. Now, I would test out multiple of these. You'll often find that your Instagram account or just your followers, one or the other, they just resonate with a certain type of content. So, for example, I'll go through these and I'll use the examples. So the first one is like the short training reels one. This works really well, especially with females. Females tend to like and engage with this kind of content a little bit more. It still works with guys. It works with both. But like especially female coaches can grow very, very well off this. Right? So someone who does this really well would be like Emily Fitzweiser.
Imogen Harris: I am.
Kyle Musca: I could see you doing this kind of content really well as well. And it's super easy to pump out, like once you get the gist of it, right? A new content's a bit. You know, weird, but so something like this, by the way, when you, to find inspiration sources for these types of content, find three to five creators that do this type of content style, and like make sure you save their name and everything like that, and then you'll use them to come for inspiration, right? Don't try and reinvent the reel and like come up with your own ideas and stuff, because it's just, it's  hard to do. Whereas when you can, you can come on to someone who has a decent following, who gets good engagement, and find an outlier, because that's clearly worked, right? So what I would do, come to the Reels tab, just scroll down, find something that's really stood out. So for example, 933K, right? So, one, it's, so that. I'll go over actually what it is. So these are just short, you know, three to 10. Realistically, it can go for like 15 seconds, maybe even 20 seconds if it's like a longer drawn out one. But that's usually how long they go for. Now, why it's effective is it's a short video, which means the watch time in terms of percentage is very easy to get up. So if someone only has to watch 10 seconds of a video that's fairly engaging, then Instagram's reading that as a 100% watch time. Or, you if they re-watch it, for example, then it's like, you know, 200% watch time. And they're like, wow, this is a really good video. Let's push this more. Whereas if someone, you know, if you create a good minute long video, you've got to get someone to watch for, you know,  six times longer.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So they work really well there. Now, they also work really well, because you can use things like trending music, trending sounds, trending memes, trending themes, or like trending formats. Right. So again, like, I'm sure you've probably seen like, you know, for example, that type of content, and it'll be like. Specific sound or music or something that everyone sort of does and jumps on. So it works because of that. It's just really nice and trendy, the current trend, as it says, right? Now, what I would do here is the biggest part with all pieces of content, but specifically these and some of the other ones I'm going to get into, is it needs to be highly relevant, which means that time is super important. If you see a trend that's starting to pop off, like, make that video and get that up that day because if, you know, you wait a couple of days or a week or so, the trend's probably started to die down and it's been overused and overdone and people are sick of seeing it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? So it's like it needs to be on the way up and if you can get it on the way up and you can be one of the first to it, then you're  golden, right? Yeah. Any questions on that?
Imogen Harris: No.
Kyle Musca: So in terms of value you're getting to people, it's  nothing. Like, you're not getting any. Yeah. You know that, right? She actually put a lot in the caption, which is a great idea. But you're not really educating. Now, that's something I would, it's hard to wrap your head around as a coach, because I've struggled with this for ages, is that doesn't mean it's bad. And if anything, that probably means it's good. Because people aren't on Instagram because they want to be educated, right? They think they are. I mean, I follow these fitness girls on Instagram. Reality is, you're not learning something worth value in a short 30 second, one minute long video. People think they know everything about weight loss. Because they watch it, you know what mean? But it's, it's just not the case.
Imogen Harris: I would find the ones that get more, the most views from, like, from my reels, or like, my transformation ones, where there's , I've actually not spoken about anything. So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. If you go on my page, I barely speak about coaching or anything, anything useful anymore. You know what I I just talk . The reason for, yeah. Yeah. For the reason for that is, like, I'm not going to scroll, scroll on if it comes up, it comes up. But I was creating, like, hard and it's. It's a content pillar I will get into. Like actual specific coaching content for so long where I'd sit down for Monday, script for two hours, film for three hours on Tuesday, and then script for another two hours on Thursday and film  Friday. You know mean? Like to take so much time, like this style of content, right? I should have done this in the reels. But, you know, you can see, for example, you know, not terrible engagement for it, but like, you 240, 233, 300. Whereas, you know, something like that is like 10 times the amount of engagement. And I did this for like well over a year because I was like, I really want to start getting into education. I want to start, you know, being seen as the authority in the matter, et cetera, et et cetera. Until I get to the point where I was like, this just isn't  working. That's something I'd be really cautious of as well is like, if something's not working, whether it's content or anything in your business, I wouldn't try and bash your head against a brick wall trying to get it to work. You know what I mean?
Imogen Harris: that's why, like, at least with the stuff that I've done with Vaughn as well for my page, it's more of just an understanding of what will work and what will know. And why. Like not, so then I can kind of direct it more with him in the future. Because at the beginning, I'm like, I don't  know what's going to click and what's not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. So for me, for example, I just got to the point where reaction videos, I can sit down in like two hours and bump out like 10 videos, right? Like more than a week worth of content in a two-hour period. And they just go way more viral.
Imogen Harris: And they have, because they're a lot more relatable. And they're not like, I'm not trying to educate. People aren't on Instagram to be educated. They're on there to  doomscroll and waste time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, perfect. I'll come back to this. But, yeah. So value rating, you're not trying to educate at all. Right? You can be motivational, inspirational. You can put  in the caption. Sure. Great for growth and reach. And they're very  easy to do. Right? Especially using things like, do you use edits?
Imogen Harris: I use CapCut.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So definitely switch to edits. It's basically the exact same thing. But edits is Instagram's actual app, which means that, and they've actually said that they will push content harder. By. By. Bye. Using the edits app, because they want more people to use more of their , essentially.
Imogen Harris: Is that one?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Common mistakes, yeah. If it's two to three weeks old, it's probably too late. Yeah. And again, yeah. So, for example, you'd be able to do this with edits, but use the audio. You can even use the same wording, transformation. It can be the same thing. That's the point of these, is they're trendy.
Imogen Harris: You don't have to read it. I've so many, like, skinny and fat videos of me that I could really utilize, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And just pump them. Just  go hard on them. You can't overdo them. Yeah. And then what I would do is, like, so what Emily's done here is actually really good, and that's probably a reason why it did go so viral, is because she put a lot of, she did educate and put a lot of information in the caption here, which is great. And I would encourage doing that because. Yeah. While people are opening that up and reading it, this video is playing in the background just on repeat.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So driving that watch time up is huge.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If they read all this and you have a coaching CTA at the end, right, people will come and apply for it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't have to be that long by any standards, but people will apply for Dumb form of detail to it. Yeah. The other thing with captions is Instagram doesn't use hashtags. It says it doesn't use hashtags anymore. It also goes off keywords. I still put captions in mine because it's like, it's still technically a keyword.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But like, if you can like write more in your caption, especially again, trying to use keywords like weight loss, you know, motivation, skinny fat, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Under eating muscle loss, lean muscle, high body fat percentage. You know what mean? Like Instagram can easily read that and like, okay, people that are interested in weight loss and  all that  are going to be interested in this.
Imogen Harris: Real, let's show it to them. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's good.
Kyle Musca: So that's pillar one. Now, pillar two is talking to the camera, all right? These are good. Now, these are a bit more of a grind to, you kind of have to become known for the person that does this and build like a bit of an authority in the space. But if you love, you know, delivering motive, they're more so motivational, inspirational type . And if you love doing that, then fantastic, go for it. They're pretty easy to do. So someone who does these really well is, you might know, Higher Up Wellness. Yeah. So he basically does these videos really well. And, you know, he's kind of become known for them. So it's like a lot of people can't just talk straight to the camera and  get really, really good views because people will see, you know, your head talking.
Imogen Harris: They won't know who you are and be like,  it, I don't want to listen to this. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas if you get known for it, then people, you can talk about  anything and people will like to sit down and actually watch, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It does take time. It's a very big consistency thing. big thing. It's a If you can get it to work, then you're  golden, right? Someone else who you might know, then, is Shelby Sat. No. No? Okay. Yeah, so she does the two video, the two content pillars we've done so far. One is talking to the head camera, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other one is sort of the trendy audience. Nobody wants to. Yeah. Something like this. I was in her talking one, but I was thinking, you don't even know what that one. Yeah. mean.
Imogen Harris: Trendy music, all that . Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Her talking head ones do do well, but her trending music ones do a lot better.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: All right. Now, with these, something, this is like just a general rule of, you know, with your personal branding, is she does well because she seems. She I guess in a way larger than life, if that makes sense. You want to seem, you know, rich and fit and healthy and happy and  the ideal person of people. Same as like if you were to think of someone like EBT, right? People  ride that guy's  because of, you know, they see EBT as larger than life, right? Yeah, yeah. So it's like, that's a concept. You want to be kind of relatable, but you also want to become like the ideal image, know what mean?
Imogen Harris: If you're going to do this stuff, that's just social media, right? Yeah, yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: While keeping it authentic, you don't want to be that  person that's completely lying about the life you're living. Yeah, so yeah, they're good because you can build a lot of trust and relatability with your clients fast. You can sort of, they can start to feel like, you know, they know who you are as an actual person. So it's good to actually build that connection, that relationship with people, right? Yeah. You can do, you know, value ratings. Now with these, so... We're going to try and like replicate. What I would personally do is come to someone's video again, see what one has done really well. We'll scroll down a bit and then take the hook, like really analyze the hook. The hook is the most important thing, right? So if we're going to have a look at one where she's actually talking. So I took my mom to Lake Como to come with me to look at wedding venues and to... See, also be careful of that. I think that's one, she's known for who she, she already knows who she is. So you can usually get away from like a hook that's not as, you know, engaging for people who know who you are. What I could also see that working obviously is the way she's dressed. Um, and then secondly, the, the unorthodoxness of this hook, you know what I mean? It's like, what is she talking about?
Imogen Harris: engages them in. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. That's not... Yeah, so just break it down, and then, like, if it's worked for them, you know, try and reshape it to your own applicableness, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Another one, just for the sake of the argument, 752. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Why did I just see that there is now something called a male baddie? See, what I would say there is, like, that's another unorthodox hook. You know what mean? If, I'm kind of bad for this, but if I, if you jump on there and you're, like, you know, if you're a girl, ah, that's even, that's all right. But, like, if you jump on there and you're, like, really  in someone's face and you're, like, kind of, you know, kind of annoying about it, again, people are trying to doom scroll. If you're, you know, they're tired after work and you jump in there and you're  just right in their face and you're, like, no, I don't want to listen to that right now. Yeah. Whereas this is, like, a little bit more unorthodoxy scroll and it kind of engages you in, like, what is she talking about? comes down to curiosity. the way I would think of it is like a hook is technically – okay, so when you look at a newspaper, what is the first thing that draws your attention?
Imogen Harris: The  bold line at the front.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the headline, which is the title or the hook in this case, right? If the title doesn't explain kind of what it's talking about but also be vague enough that you want to continue reading on to get more context, then people won't read the rest of them, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's what I would kind of think of. People should know what you're talking about, but it should be vague. Like you should be vague about it at the same time so they don't know where it's heading.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? Something like this would be kind of like a – you know, just as a general example I could think of at the top of my head is like a video like I did with this guy where it's like obviously him doing the shoulder press. And I was like my hook was – not going to lie, every time I see one of these videos, just pisses me off, right? It kind of sounds like I'm just about to stop . . Yeah, quickly coming into that. We've gone through most of the main ones. Now, reaction style videos. These are obviously what I really like doing. And these are really, really trendy at the moment. They're also really, really easy to make.
Imogen Harris: Everywhere at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Instagram really likes to favor this type of content. So, I mean, if it's your thing, then I would go for it. Right? Now, the way, the reason these work is because, really well, is because you're leveraging the viral video already. Right? So, if I come into Reels, for example, $176K. I don't even know what this video is about. $557K. I don't know what this video is about. But I know that it's already got, like, it's already gone viral. People are interested. People have watched it. Right?
Imogen Harris: So, do you just put, like, a screen recording of that in your edits and then put yourself over the screen recording?
Kyle Musca: There's different ways to do it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But with these, with all kinds of content, by the way, like, if you see, if you see something that you really like the look of, right? Because this is like a very eye-engaging. I want like kind of wow factors type of videos to react to, right? There's a few different ways you can find them, right? One is going into Instagram. It doesn't happen on the laptop. When you go on the Instagram in the top right, there's like three little button thingies. And you can actually like tell your Instagram algorithm what you want to see more of. You want to see weight loss transformations, motivation, gymship, whatever you want to put, right? Gym trends, you could put that again. I found that didn't really change my algorithm heaps. What really did change my algorithm like a  is when you – and it doesn't happen on the laptop. One is just in general, make sure you like and save what you want to see, right? See more of because, again, it's going to see I like and save. It's going to show me. But the most important thing is on your phone, it doesn't happen on the laptop. You click the three little dots and it say interested or not interested. Make sure to say interested. Because it – and then as soon as I started doing that, it just kept  showing me all – like Like heaps and heaps. And now every time I scroll, I can find videos, I can react to it.
Imogen Harris: takes me like two seconds. Cool. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Right. So again, I really like reacting to things. There's three reaction styles I like to do. One is like really positive. So someone's, if you had a really great transformation stuff, you kind of use, you know, talk about positiveness and motivation and yada, yada, yada, whatever, whatever angle we're coming from. Um, one is reacting to, uh, crazy lifts. They, or crazy things in general, right? They do really, really well. Um, the second one is kind of like, not, um, like I don't hate or anything, but calling people out for their . You know, in like this video, that video, people love to throw stones. I would never come from a super negative angle where you're just shitting on someone for the sake of shitting on someone, but people do love to take sides and they do love to throw stones.
Imogen Harris: I thought, um, my mate from back home to Nina, he's started doing it a lot and he's  blown up.
Kyle Musca: Y, Z, and then we're going to be eating X, Y, Z, not like I ate X, Z, and like as if you're already done.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Bring them along with you on the story.
Imogen Harris: Yep. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Right. And then in-depth coaching videos, which is kind of like what you're doing here.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I don't like them because, one, they take a lot of effort to film and create, and Instagram just really doesn't like pushing them anymore. I don't know. They definitely change the algorithm because they used to work, especially for some people.
Imogen Harris: Some people grew their entire can off it. But now, Instagram just does not like, you know. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. If I was you, I would probably focus on definitely getting some of these out. They're super easy, and they have a lot of viral potential. Talking to camera ones, if you wanted to try them, they're kind of hard to keep going, I found, with a lot of people, including myself. Reaction videos are fantastic. Those are my main ones. I love doing them. Completely up to you. Or probably, definitely, the voiceover as well.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then once once you. Thank you. Sorry, keep going here. Once you find like one or two pieces that like styles that work for you, don't have to try and spread yourself thin and do everything, right? When you see like big creators and stuff, you'll see that they do one style of content and they just rinse and repeat it like a , right? You don't have to try and get crazy. Your audience is, you get bored. New people are going to come find you, right? You want to be known. And they're only seeing you for like 10 seconds, 30 seconds a day, right?
Imogen Harris: So it's good little touch points. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Well, that makes sense. Yep.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that's perfect. That's awesome.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. You have to run for a call, but let me know how do on that.
Imogen Harris: I'll on my end for meta-ads and the job forms and everything like that. And if get stuck on messaging.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Perfect. Awesome. All right.
Imogen Harris: We'll the rest of it. Chat to you soon. Bye.


>>> 103/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-20T05:06:28Z | id:123943400
People: Kyle Musca

michael: I or like, what should they be putting out kind of thing?
Kyle Musca: So what I would do here, bro, is in terms of that one, yeah, I'll cover that question now. So what I would do is that kind of combines into the presentation building stuff that I was talking about. So, and the reason I say that is because you want something that's just essentially an SOP, right? Yeah. In terms of, like, here's how to do it, and you can just kind of, like, send that to whoever you want. You don't want to have to, like, kind of jump on and explain to every single person how to do it, and then, like, they probably forget anyway. Whereas if you have step-by-step breakdowns of how to do it, and they can, like, review it, and sometimes it becomes a training session for them, that will be much better.
michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then what I would personally recommend, keeping it really simple for the content styles that are going to be geared for you. So what I would teach them in that is, I was like, Just on this, if this works out well. What I will teach them in that is mainly the one, the trending reel stuff, right? Because this is going to be like transformations, you know, gym  for them, and they're tagging you and collaborating with you and stuff, and happy days there. Fantastic, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The second one is the voiceover stuff, which is more like day in the lives, you know, full day of meetings. That stuff is going to directly help you out. Like here's a full, you know, glued session, and then she's collaborated with you or tagged you and stuff.
michael: You know what mean? Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I would basically put together a presentation that shows them exactly the key components with that. You know, make sure you, you know, have one side on like trending musics and sounds. These work really great for, you know, examples like transformations, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So I'd actually go find real life examples for them.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And just make it super  clear for them. Like edited and edits, et cetera, et cetera, cetera.
michael: Right? Does that all make sense? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that?
michael: Nah, nah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, again, the more examples you can put in that, the better. So it's like, even if you could, like, if you're going to create, you know, one, a short  training, real one, you might even have it, you creating one from start to finish as a pre-recorded video.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, sure to watch this if you want to see it.
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Now, who's keen on doing that?
michael: Just this girl I know. She's keen on hopping on that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, sick. So, yeah, the other thing there is, yeah, again, if you can build that community. You know, post your, like, document your journey on my page and stuff. But I would frame it like how I'm going to frame it to my guys is, like, teaching them how so they can document their journey, essentially. You know what I mean? So it's like, this is obviously going to be a life-changing thing for you. Trust me, you're going to want it really well documented. Like, for me, for example, it was one of the biggest mistakes I made was, like, not actually taking many videos of myself and everything like that because now I have nothing to, or not much to actually look back on and see the difference. Whereas if you can, like, document the entire thing, you'll have not only all those raw footages, but you'll have all the edited ones as well.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you can't always just frame it, like, what do they get out of the type of thing?
michael: Otherwise, they're not going to do it. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then also with that, have you done much with the community?
michael: Not really, to be honest, this week. I've been a little bit in a bit of a head  the last few days. it's just right. But I will, for sure, today.
Kyle Musca: Because that's where that will, again, these things all tie into each other. So it's like, you can't just do one and expect it all to work. It's got to be like a, it's all going to tie in together and be connected. So it's like, that's where, you know, something like that would work really well. Because it's like, you could share, you let's say this girl does make one. You could share into that community, like massive shout out to, you know, Rachel, who, whatever her name is, who, you know, made this video. It came out  awesome.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And if you just, again, slowly, continuously remind them, continuously send that  in there, it will eventually become the cultural norm inside the team to do that. Like you'll build a culture.
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So did you close on the call you had?
michael: Nah. So that was something as well. Like it was more so like one of like the payment ones, but not so much that. Okay.
Kyle Musca: For example, give me an example of what he did. We'll cover that today because like the sales process is an actual proper skill. And like there's a lot of other stuff that we've spoken about and it's, you know, just about execution at this point.
michael: So I do want to cover sales stuff anyway. Yeah. But I think, I'd say like one of the, one of the questions he was asking was like, oh, like, have you seen, was like, he was like to me, spent a while like explaining this. was like, oh, have you seen like Jeff Nippard? Like I get a lot of my info from him and like, you know, he put out like this program and everything. Like, like, have you had a look at it? Like, like, what do you think? Do you think it's like, do you think it's good? Or do you think that like, this is kind of different or, or like, what do you, what do you reckon, bro?
Kyle Musca: Like, have you, have you had a chance to have a look at it? Like, I mean, there's like a million different programs out there, right? I guess the, the thing with the program. That Jeff Nipal puts out is it's for the masses, right? Because he's trying to sell to as many people as possible rather than like solve one specific problem. So I guess like, what have you previously tried to fix this? Have you followed any like formal nutrition or exercise plans?
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like you don't just keep going down the rabbit hole.
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like that will try and defer you. So let's see if I can pull it up on whiteboard.com. So essentially what's happening here, so we can get a visual aspect of it, is they're basically trying to do this. This is the sales script, right? We're trying to lead them here, right? But what's happening is, you know, oh, have you seen Jeff Nippard's program? It's like so good. And have you had a chance to look at it? And right now, if you keep going into, oh, yeah, it's really good, but I would have changed this, this, this, and this, and this, and this, and this. Oh yeah, but what about X, Y, Z? And then it's like, oh, hours up, I gotta go.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Where it's like, have you seen Jeff Nippard's program and, you know, it's done X, Z and like, all good. Yeah, no, like 100%, but like, I guess with those things, when you're like creating generic programs, it's basically, you know, trying to mass market to sell as many as possible. But like, what have, like, have you done any formal nutrition or training plans?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You get back on script.
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know I mean? Because that will happen a lot if you let a yapper  yap. And yappers usually don't buy, not going to lie. You've got to kind of, you've got to be the authority and pull them into line.
michael: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah, man, even if wanted to cut them, if they kept asking questions like that, like, yeah, man, like, there's a lot of different stuff out there. I really want to get to the root of like, what your problem is, and what you're actually trying to achieve. So, you know, and then just ask the question. Yeah.
michael: Because it's like, why the  were you talking about Jeff Nipot?
Kyle Musca: So what would you do? What do you feel like you would really need to be successful? So wording still does matter, but I would sort of more so think of like that type of stuff, but also trigger words. So I wouldn't say things like, I'm going to send you through the payment link right now. You know what mean? And that's kind of maybe where you went wrong because it's like, I don't know what you said, but if you said something like payment link or anything like that, then it's like, yeah, but I've got to run to this meeting now. can't do it. Whereas if you're like, cool, man, I'll just grab a few more details off you. It'd take like 20 seconds.
michael: It's like, oh yeah, I could do that. And then all of sudden he's paying. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: He might still try and pull up. Don't get me wrong. But it's like, at least you've got him on the actual payment page there. then rather than him being able to object straight away.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Now it's 38% how you say it. So the tonality. So again, there's a difference between me saying, okay, and maybe help me not understand why. You might be looking at getting outside help with this instead of, you know, maybe just trying to figure out yourself versus, okay. And I guess, you know, maybe help me to understand, you know, why you might be looking at getting outside help with this instead of, you know, just trying to figure out for yourself.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: There's a different, and what that's basically going to do is put them in different states of response. So, for example, if it's rushed and I'm not really seeming like I care that much, they're not going to give a very detailed answer because they're like, this guy doesn't care about what I'm actually talking about, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas if I'm showing empathy, if I'm showing genuine curiosity, they're going to open up more because they're going to feel like I'm really listening to them to get the answers that, like, what they're, you know, why they are looking at getting outside help with this. Right? So, saying certain things will put them in a certain emotional state and they'll respond differently based off how you say it, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, that's why we want. Slow, same as scripts, same as videos and stuff. We want a deeper voice because it's more authoritative. Yeah. Yeah. Does that make sense?
michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the third one, 55%, body language and facial expression. So humans are very social creatures, right? Which basically means that we actually go off in a way, I guess you could call it vibration. That kind of sounds  airy. But your brain will subconsciously read another human's facial expressions of body language to try and pick up, do we like this person? Are these persons safe to be around? Are they a threat to us? You know what mean? So it's like, for example, one thing is mirroring, right? Have you ever heard of mirroring?
michael: Where you like copy their like expressions or emotions?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially. So if you're sitting there with your arm up, I might sit, like you just lean forward, so I might lean forward. Go ahead. You know mean? Bye. You know what mean? If you lean back, I would lean back.
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: If you touch your face, I would put my arm up and touch my face. Reason for that is because like people like people that are similar to them and your brain will subconsciously read that and go, oh, this person's, you know, pretty similar. They've done studies on this. If people are in good conversation with each other, they will actually start. And even if they're not looking at each other, they will actually start doing the same body language because they will be in tune with each other. Whereas if they're arguing, their body language will be completely different, even if they're not looking at each other.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So, and they all kind of feed into each other. So it's like, it's hard to get your tonality down properly if you're just sitting there like this. You know what mean? Okay. And maybe help me to understand, you know, it just feels  weird. Right? But if you're engaged in the conversation, what would that be like? Okay. You might be leaning forward. Right? You kind of like using a lot of facial expressions. So it's like, you might even be using hand expression. So it's like, okay, and I guess, you know, because hands out in front of you, this is a authoritative speak. This is where your hands are. Your hands are down by your side. You don't feel very authoritative, dude. don't feel like a leader or anything. You just feel like a  weirdo, right? So, okay. And I guess, you know, maybe help me to understand. So it's like when I'm trying to emphasize me, I even, you can't see it, but like I'll even touch that. So I guess maybe help me to understand, you know, why you might be looking at getting outside. will help with this instead of maybe just trying to figure it out for yourself.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, like, I'm very big on hand gestures. It's just who I am. Facial expressions, you don't want to overdo it where you're looking like a  weirdo having a spasm tag. But it will help you lean into certain tonalities and, you know, come across different ways, if that makes sense.
michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It will also help you get into more of a rhythm and a vibe so you can actually deliver it better.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. So, do you have your script? You put your script up.
michael: Okay. I think it's just the same as yours.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but we'll do an actual role play.
michael: Yeah. Yeah, I've got it up now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you want to share your screen?
michael: Share my screen. Let me figure out how to do that.
Kyle Musca: On Zoom, it's a little green arrow.
michael: How does that show you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So scroll down to like the emotional phase or something, like down into the Drupal. We'll just start from that. So you'd be you and I'll be the client.
michael: Wait, can you see this?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, maybe exit that. I don't want to see my head. Press the, yeah, cool.
michael: I said I can't see myself either.
Kyle Musca: Well, I don't have it. I literally just breed it. So if you can't see, I can see you and myself at the top of the screen.
michael: But if you can't see it, that's literally how I do it. Oh, true. You just look at this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that would literally just be a voice coming out of the screen for me.
michael: Okay. All right, cool. Am I just starting from?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll just do a role play set of stuff. Yeah, stuff in there.
michael: Okay. Okay, but I guess like besides the obvious, you know, so kind
Kyle Musca: Behind, you know, emphasize behind. What are the reasons, you know, behind you really wanting to lose this weight?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So slow it right down. Wait, when you say that my voice went up, is my voice supposed to go up or is it supposed to be down? It's supposed to stay down. It should always be down.
michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And even, see, and I don't know if you do it. Australian women do it a lot. It's just part of our accent. Men, not so much, but still agree. Make sure, like, they round up at the end of sentences. So wanting to lose this weight sounds, you know what mean?
michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not a very authoritative way to end a conversation. I'm sorry, whatever. Instead of saying, like, you know, behind you wanting to lose this weight, you round down.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. And where the dots are there, know, that's kind of where you want to take little pauses. So it's like, okay. Okay. And I guess, you know, besides the obvious of just trying to, you know, get a bit healthier, trying to get a bit fitter, what are the reasons behind you really wanting to lose this weight?
michael: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, yeah.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: are you?
michael: Okay. But, oh, , I went off again.
Kyle Musca: When, so when you're doing this, I always like to think, look like I'm thinking, because you're about to say, guess, so it's like, okay.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And I guess, you know what I mean?
michael: Yeah. Okay. But I guess besides the obvious, just trying to get a bit healthier, trying to get a bit fitter, what are the reasons behind you wanting to lose this weight?
Kyle Musca: See how you kind of went up there at the end?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: yeah yeah it's like what are the reasons behind you really wanting to lose this weight yeah okay you know what mean yeah okay yeah uh I don't know what's above what's above okay besides the obvious okay cool I think it's you don't have to say but but so but for me is again it's another word that does make a difference because but basically turns the conversation around um again it's in there so you could say okay but I guess besides the obvious but yeah all right you go the same the same one yeah yeah okay but I guess besides the obvious just trying to get a bit healthier trying to get a bit fitter
michael: What are the reasons behind why you're wanting to lose this weight?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that was good. Probably just didn't emphasize behind there as much. You emphasize kind of reasons and then behind took a back step. What are the reasons behind you really wanting to lose this weight? And again, actually do the facials. It's slowed down. You want to be kind of concerned. You want to be curious. Your facial expression should match that.
michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I would start here is you're saying like, okay, which is, it's a little bit of an awkward, you know, intro. So we haven't had anything above it, but start off with like, okay, but I guess like that little, like more of a thinking state.
michael: You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, am I going again?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, go for it.
michael: Okay. Right. Okay. Okay. But I guess... Besides the obvious, just trying to get healthier, trying to get fitter, what are the reasons behind why you're wanting to lose this weight?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that was better. See how it's like, it's the same script. It's the same wording, but it comes across a different way and you draw attention to different things.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Which on its own, you know, it still makes a difference on its own, but it's like when you do that for the whole script, it's like you'll completely change the outcome and the direction.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Okay, so we'll move on to the next part now. Keep going. So you asked me that. Oh, I just really want to, you know, feel confident taking my shirt off at the beach again.
michael: Oh, I'm going. Is this... Is this... this... this... Where I'd do like the red part.
Kyle Musca: Yes.
michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: But just to bring it back to- So on that as well, before we get into that, your responses, if I were to say something like that, you should always try and either recite what I say back to you or offer a solution if I said it negative. So for example, I said, I want to feel confident taking my shirt off the beach again. Oh, right. Okay. Yeah. So you just want to get a little bit more confident so you can just take your shirt off the beach, enjoy that experience a little bit more. Yeah, exactly. All right. All that's going to do is it's going to feel like they've actually, you've actually heard and understood what they've just said. If you said, if I said, oh, I just want to feel more confident because I've opened up a little bit. I want to feel more confident taking my shirt off the beach. And you're like, okay, but just bring me back to the current situation. You're like, okay.
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You can't disregard what they say.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing on that is the offer a solution. if they're like, I really struggle with consistency and motivation, it'd like, okay, so yeah, potentially working with a coach to, I guess, provide you with a little bit more structure and, you know, a little bit more accountable, make sure you see it through would be really important to you then. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's pretty much the only two responses I would go with. Anything else, you're kind of going off into side tangents. You don't want to do that. You just acknowledge what they say and move on.
michael: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: All right. Yeah. Okay. So I'll go, yeah, I just want to feel a little bit more confident to take my shirt off at the beach again.
michael: Yeah. Okay. So just kind of want to be able to take your shirt off at the beach during the summer and kind of, I guess, just enjoy that experience a little bit more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But with that, again, even that comes into the tonality because from you saying it like that, I kind of responded as like, you didn't really care.
michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Okay. So yeah, just having a little bit more confident, take a shirt off the beach, enjoy that experience a bit more. That makes sense.
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, because again, we're trying to get them emotional. If you give me anything to say that he's not really caring, then it's like, you see how you replied just then would mean that my future replies are probably going to be a little bit more closed off now.
michael: Right.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, I just want to take my shirt off to be a little bit more confident at the beach.
michael: Oh, . Sorry. How did you start your response before?
Kyle Musca: So with that, you just acknowledge what they said. Okay. Yeah. So I guess just having a little bit more confidence, being able to take your shirt off the beach, enjoy that experience a little bit more then.
michael: That makes sense. Right. Right. Okay. Oh, okay. Yeah. So just enjoying the beach a bit more, being able to take your shirt off when you go and just kind of enjoying that experience a little bit more overall.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and then you just continue on.
michael: Yeah, okay, cool, but okay, but to, I guess, bring it back to the current situation, is carrying this extra weight, is that having an impact on you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so good. Leaning into the tonalities more with your body language was good there. One thing I would get into the habit of, I would say in the script, I would probably change but with and. Because again, if I just said, want to, like, this isn't your fault, I'm just pointing it out. I'm just, if, you know, I just said that to you, and you're like, okay, cool. But just to bring it back to the current situation, so we're turning around from what we just said, which kind of, in a way, is like disregarding. What I just, not disregarding, it's like going away, whereas when you say, so but turns the conversation around. On? And adds to it. You what If you were like, oh, it's too expensive. And I was like, oh, but like we're the best. Again, it's turning around and their guards instantly out. Whereas like, oh, it's too expensive. Yeah. And that's exactly how we're able to be the best because so much quality goes into it. And we're not trying to deny or anything.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then again, your voice inflection just went up, having an impact on you.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's an Australian thing. Like it's something I had to be conscious of turning it down because it's an Australian thing. We do speak in a little bit more of a higher tone.
michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah. Yeah. Just go from the top there.
michael: Yeah. Okay. And just to bring it back to the current situation, is carrying this extra weight, is that having an impact on you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you rounded off on you, which is great, but the rest of it was kind of like. Like high infliction, like carrying this extra weight, carrying this extra weight, is that having an impact on you? So pretty much I would just be in the habit of everything is rounded down.
michael: Like you kind of, you have to consciously think about it, but then it becomes easier. Yeah. Yeah. I think because like when I speak, I feel like I kind of talk a little bit higher in just like general day-to-day. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have you got a deep, naturally deep voice, my mom?
michael: Use that.
Kyle Musca: Um, the other thing, yeah, the way I would think of it, man, is like, um, again, like it's basically a midnight radio show host tone. You know what mean? You want be deep and authoritative and slow. Um, and then I would also think of it as in like, you're having a proper, this isn't a casual chat with a mate. This is a proper medical health consultation. That, and you're the, you're the person giving the advice here. You know what I mean?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, it's a...
michael: So is carrying this extra weight, is that having an impact on you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that was good. I would just slow it down a little bit at the end there. The rest of it was great. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it is a little bit like it's a little bit harder to get around at work. I find myself out of breath a little bit easier. And yeah, like I feel it on my joints a little bit. Yeah. So actually, if I said that much detail, you wouldn't say in what way, because then you just seem like a  dick. Yeah. Let's just go with that. I gave you enough detail.
michael: Is this just like another acknowledgement thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So you're feeling a little bit more. It's actually kind of feeling like you're being a little bit restricted to work. You're feeling carrying the extra weight around and because of carrying that extra weight, you kind of
michael: Am I going just directly straight from that, straight into the next thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if they're like two years and they're like, oh, okay. So yeah, quite a while then. Yeah. Okay. So I guess, well, feeling like that and, you know, dealing with, you know, feeling and carrying the extra weight around, know, feeling it on your joints. Because now I see how we are now repeating what they've previously said.
michael: So we don't need to do it before this because we are going to do it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I was like, okay, so feeling like that. Okay. So feeling like that, I guess, dealing with, you know, the fact that you're carrying that extra weight around, it's making your job harder. And you're even starting to feel, you know, again, wear thin on your joints for, you the last two years specifically. Has that itself been, you know, having an impact on you? An effect on you? You know mean?
michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you go.
michael: Oh, okay. So for quite some time now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. little bit.
michael: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So there's feeling like that and kind of dealing with the problem of feeling a bit restricted in your day-to-day and kind of feeling on your joints now as well. I'm starting to too fast here. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. It's like you've just acted concerned. So where I would do that is like, oh, okay. Okay. And well, I guess, you know, feeling like that and, you know what mean, like slow it right down.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because we're concerned right now. We just, you know what mean? We brought attention to something they're concerned about.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The way I always like to think of it is like always like come across as if you're actively thinking about something in depth.
michael: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Because you can get lost in the script, you know, lose your wording, not really know what to say. But as long as you look like you're actively thinking hard, it's like.
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
michael: Okay. Yeah. All right. All Yeah. All right. Thank
Kyle Musca: We can't get them into an emotional state, so they're not going to buy, right? Yeah. So we have to address this, right? Usually, you know, by now you'd know, like if they get to this and it's not having an impact on you. What I would say there, usually it's like up a little bit. So it's like, you know, if you scroll up a little bit, what does it say? You know, how often do you sort of think about, just to bring it back to the current situation, is carrying the extra weight, is that having an impact on you? And they're like, no, not really. Okay. And I guess, how often do you think about your weight? it a daily basis thing? Or, and they're oh, no, like one, you know, maybe once or twice a week, right? It's like, that's  all. We can't use that at all, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's not helpful, brother. So it's like, you just challenge them. And challenging them is basically this exact sentence, just adjusted, right? Okay. So, I mean, like, you know, if it's not really having an impact on you and it's not really sort of top of mind, are you sure you even want to look at getting a and Thank Coach to help you fix this issue.
michael: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Right. What that does is it just completely pulls away. Right. Because if you're starting to chase someone, this is where a lot of, you know, closers and coaches will start to chase. You know what mean? Like, and then you start to come across as a little bit desperate. And as soon as they get the sense of that, and they're not buying from you. And they also kind of, maybe they're being closed off because they feel like it is a sales call. Whereas when you say like you're giving them an out, well, if it's not that big of a problem with you, and it's not really something you think about a lot. Are you sure you even want to get a coach to solve this issue? It's like, you're just basically opening the door to walk out. And then they'll be like, oh, no, no, no. Like, you know, I'm really  depressed.
michael: I'm thinking about it every single day.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it also sets the tone for the rest of the call. Cause it's like, well actually  give me information I can work with or like, why are we on this call?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, let's just, I was just throwing that in there. Cause that's a really important thing to keep in mind.
michael: So, But we'll go down to that.
Kyle Musca: Is that having an effect on you? So scroll down. Oh, yeah. So feeling that doing, has that been having an effect on you? Yeah, you go again. Just say that and I'll reply.
michael: Okay. Okay. So feeling like that and, you know, dealing with the problem of feeling a bit restricted in your day-to-day. And starting to also feel that on your joints for the last two years. Has that been having an effect on you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would say so.
michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So that's, yeah. So there, I didn't give it tangible. We want tangible answers.
michael: That was very vague. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's why above, you see, it says, what way? Okay. So again, want, if we don't get tangible answers out of people, we can't get them to expand on the actual problem. So it's like, has that been an effect on you? Yeah, I'd say so. Okay. And in what way?
michael: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, yeah, we want them to get elaborate answers.
michael: Yeah. Do you want me to just go from here again?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing I would say for this part as well, again, there's like nuanced readers, but it's like, so how you're saying feeling like that and dealing with that problem is good. then I just throw in like, you know, for, you know, specifically like the last two years, right? Like, so again, get used to kind of like speeding up, you're speeding up and slowing down your, your talking pace. Cause if you're just talking at it, like most of it should be like slow and everything. Don't get me wrong. And I don't want to confuse you here, but like speeding it up and slowing it down and keep them engaged. You don't want to just talk at the same level the whole time. Cause they'll just like, that was there now.
michael: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, so feeling like that and, you know, dealing with the problem of feeling a bit restricted in your day-to-day and even feeling it on your joints now for the last two years, has that been having an effect on you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and I would just slow it back down. Has that been having an effect on you?
michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd say so. Like, it's starting to, you know, wear on my confidence and everything like that. And I feel like I'm not sort of going outside and doing, you know, playing with my kids as much as I'd like to just because, you know, I don't want to feel sort of, I guess, embarrassed that I can't, you know, keep up with them.
michael: Right, okay. So it is starting to affect your day-to-day life as well, it seems?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I wouldn't repeat that because we've already established it's affecting my day-to-day life. So that's where I've been like, okay, right, so yeah, I guess the... Bye. You know, another big driver. So if I said, you know, I don't want go outside because I'd poke my kids because I'm feeling embarrassed, but okay. So yeah, I guess like, you know, being in a good physical shape and good conditions who can sort of keep up with your kids, especially as they sort of get a little bit crazy as they get older and make sure that you're around to like enjoy those experiences with them and be that dad that, you know, does keep himself in good physical condition. That's probably really important to you then. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, yeah, that, that, see, that was offering a solution to a negative. So you don't always decide back what they said because we're already establishing having a day-to affect them. It's like, we're offering a solution. Oh, okay. So being physically fit to keep up with your kids and watching them grow up and being a good role model for them is really important to you. Yeah, exactly.
michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. So I was. They have to play with my kids for longer than five minutes because I know right now I'll just be out of breath and I just don't want them to see me like that.
michael: Yeah. So getting into good physical conditions so you can keep up with your kids and I guess kind of continue to enjoy these experiences as they grow up is something that is pretty important to them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
michael: Yeah. Cool, man. Okay. And suppose that in, do I just make up the number here?
Kyle Musca: So talk about what, how much weight they need to lose. So if they say 10 kilos, it's three months.
michael: If they say 20 kilos, it's six months. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Right, right, right. We should have already clicked. So when I ask them like, what's your goal weight? From that point onwards, I instantly know, am I talking about three months?
michael: Am I talking about six months? What am I talking about? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's say I need to lose 20 kilos.
michael: we'll just say six months. Okay. Okay. Okay. And suppose that in six months time, We were able to help you remove that 20 kilos so you could get in better physical condition and keep up with your kids, just like we have with other.
Kyle Musca: So with that, we don't mention weight just yet. I just say six months because I know I'm talking about that. We removed the problems that they said. So, you know, like let's say they said they struggle with accountability. Sorry, they struggle with consistency, knowing what to do, and I guess, you know, sticking with it, let's just say. Okay, so I suppose in, you six months' time, we're able to help you, you know, provide you that structure to know exactly what you need to do in the gym and what to eat. You know, provide you that accountability to make sure that you're doing your non-negotiables and you're doing what you know you need to do to get the job done. And I guess just sort of guiding you through the process, right? Just like we have with thousands of other guys I've worked with. How would your life like actually be different than it is? Right now.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that's the other thing I feel like for me personally with body language, I like to look away a lot. Like I like to come back and look at them, but like look away like you're thinking. You know what mean? How are your life like, you know, and then I'll make eye contact again. How do your life like, you know, like actually be different than it is right now?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
michael: Yeah. So, wait, what's their, what's their problems? Accountability, not knowing what to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. We'll say accountability, consistency, and structure.
michael: Okay. Okay. And suppose that in six months time, we were able to kind of give you that, that structure and ensure that, you know, we are keeping you accountable and making sure you are doing your daily non-negotiables and doing everything we can to, I guess, move that needle forward.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that they don't need to think about it.
michael: Oh, yeah, yeah. Like this, yeah, yeah, this part, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
michael: Cool. And I'll just kind of go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
michael: Okay. So if you were to imagine yourself, you know, six months from now, is this where you do mention weight?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you've lost, yeah.
michael: You've lost 20 kilos and you're in way better physical condition. You're able to be a great role model for your kids and actually, you know, keep up with them and not kind of feel, oh, I don't know if I want to bring, like, say it negatively. I was going to say not feel embarrassed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we want to do all positives here.
michael: Yeah. Yeah. I you can keep up with your kids and you're actually sort of outdoing them, right?
Kyle Musca: They have to try and keep up with you. And you're feeling sort of confident and you know that you're being a great role model, not just because you yourself are great, like in really good physical shape, but because you have all the skills and the tools necessary so you can actually teach them as they're growing up and instill. Those lifelong habits in them. And overall, you can go to the beach, can take your shirt off, you can feel company, you're starting to get a few girls, like even like give you like a little bit of a look and a smile. And, you know, you're just feeling good about yourself, right? Paint it so  clearly with your words that they can just imagine it in their head.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And this is again where the tonality comes in because if you're like, you know, you can take your shirt off and be more confident. I don't think of anything because like, you when you take your shirt off, man, you're feeling confident. You're starting to get like a few little side eyes, little smokes from some girls, man. You know, you're feeling  awesome in yourself. You know, get hyped. Don't be like overly hyped, but like inspirational, motivational type thing. You know what mean? You should be excited about them because that will instill excitement in them.
michael: Yeah. Okay, so if you were to imagine yourself in six months from now, you've lost 20 kilos and you're just. You're just in way better physical condition. You're able to keep up with your kids. In fact, they're probably going to have to try to keep up with you. You're actually proud of yourself and you're proud of what you've accomplished. Not to mention you've kind of got all the tools you need to, I guess, sustain this and also teach your kids as they're growing up as well. And when you picture yourself in that situation, having become the version of yourself that you want to be, how do you feel?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, this will obviously take, like, this is more so like knowing the guest wedding. Because it's like, for me, I can like look away and I know it because I've done it so many times. Yeah. One thing I would do, and this will just come down to reps this part, to be honest, more than anything. But like, what I would do is like, this is why when I'm talking to them, I write down. Specific key words that they've said. feel more confident, take their shirt off the beach, keep up with their kids, X, Y, Z. All right. So it's like, yeah, how does that sort of make you feel? And then slow it down again.
michael: Yeah. Yeah. I normally do like write down stuff that they say, like, as we go through it. I think at the moment, like, it's a bit harder for me to remember when you're saying things because I don't have anyone that says the responses you do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
michael: Whereas I feel like if was, like, obviously a little bit more geared towards the conversations that I have had, I wouldn't need to be, like, reading as much and it sounded a bit more natural.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
michael: But no, it doesn't make sense.
Kyle Musca: Do you see how, like, from where we started there to where we got to there, the tonality was completely different?
michael: How you would come across would be completely different? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the other thing here is, like, I could especially imagine with guys like yourself, it's not always going to be super, like, painful. And really well is reacting to like science-based lifting . Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's where you could jump in and, you know, again, try and avoid educating, but that's where you could show and break down why it's, you know, like wrong or whatever the  the video is about, right?
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is on that, I wouldn't, with the text on screen bids, they're good, like keep doing them. Um, I would try and do, cause they're basically very similar to the trendy, like trend style reels, right? Where you're using a trending audio or trending like format or template or whatever.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And we've seen this before where, you know, you've done one with your quads and everything like that and they do well. So like someone like Emily Fitzweiser does them really well.
michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? They're really good because they're like motivational and inspirational and people like them and everything like that. And you can show off your physique. So I'll throw that in there. But to answer your question, um, I definitely think you can definitely do it. Like I get my personality a hundred percent across in, in. hopefully start building out the presentations as we spoke about a few weeks ago, because that will be very, very useful for you, a long time for you.
michael: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right, bro. Yeah, good luck with that. If you have any questions, just let me know.
michael: Yeah, easy. Cheers, bro. Bye. All right, see ya.


>>> 104/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-24T07:48:30Z | id:124724509
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Essentially. Okay. And then chat. Now you'll see that they, uh, when they message through, they'll say, they'll come through this many chat flow where they click these buttons. So their goal there is fat loss. Um, they clicked knowledge and guidance, and then they're working full time, which is what qualified them. So, and then this is the last automated message that it will send. And then this is where you guys will take over. Okay. So that's where, um, Hey, just had a look at your answers. Struggling with, uh, struggle while trying to goal is something I see all the time. So basically what that is, is struggling with knowledge and guidance. What do you feel like you're struggling with knowledge and guidance? Um, and their goal was fat loss, losing fat. So we want to make sure that first response is somewhat personalized. So they know that it's not a bot. It's not an automation. Someone has manually replied to their conversation. Okay. Now. Now, you'll see that there's organic application only. We won't overcomplicate this for now. Essentially, that's only for, and something like, depending on whose coach you're working for, that's only for people that have come through organic applications in Go High Level. So if they're coming through Instagram and stuff like that, then you're probably not going to really chat to them. But if we come into here, for example, then you'll see that these leads are here, and that's where you'll send those messages to them. We'll come back to that, but just make sure that you're not sending that if it's an inbound ad inquiry, okay? As you can see, I was looking through my coaching applications, so they actually fill out a form. So essentially, through Instagram ad inbound, you would just send that one. That's the first message. Now, under each section, there's a specific set of follow-ups that you'll do. So after, for this section, wait one hour. Hey, brother, just saying if you... got my last message, three hours, that message, seven hours, that message, and then 24 hours later, that message. So first message, and then you send this basically straight away. So you said, hey, just struggling with knowledge and guidance while trying to lose weight is something I see all the time. And then you'll send, you have a specific goal, weight, or focus in mind with your health and fitness? So a goal question, we want to establish their goal, okay? And then we wait for a reply. And then you'll say, okay, sick, definitely do it with that system. Now, really important to make sure you personally reply. Don't just follow this script word for word, and that's what we'll talk about when we go into ChatGPT. This script is more of a, like a framework, right? So it basically helps, it's the bones of the conversation, but we do want to make sure that we're personalizing our replies. We're acknowledging what they actually say. So they know that they are speaking with a human and they feel heard and understood. Yeah. Perfect. So, you know, do you have a specific goal, weight in mind with your health and fitness? And they're like, oh, yeah, I really want to, you know, lose 10 kilos so I can feel more confident to take my shirt off at the beach. Okay, awesome. Losing 10 kilos would definitely help to give a bit more confidence to feel confident. It would definitely help to feel more confident taking a shirt off at the beach and definitely do it with the right systems and structures. Place, for example. Right. So you just like kind of personalize and tweak the response. It should still be similar with similar direction, but it should be obviously, again, personalized. Again, follow-up questions based off that question if they don't apply. Once they, yeah, and then you'll move on to struggle question. Right. What do you think is holding you back from losing that 10 kilos? And what do you need right now to make it happen? So, again, you're personalizing the response there. All right. Way to reply. Yeah, that makes sense. You know, let's say they work shift work and their hours are pretty sporadic. That makes sense, bro. I've helped with hundreds of dudes that worked in shift work and had like similar situations or something like that. Again, we'll run this through a chat GPT so it personalizes. I'll get to that. Cool. Again, follow-up questions based off that. Now, this is a context question. So we only, so the reason we ask this is because we're trying to financially qualify. So the main thing we're trying to get out of this is what do you do for work? Okay. We want to avoid the conversation of, you know, asking too hard of a financial qualifier. Things like, can you invest X amount? Anything that basically will lead to the conversation of, well, what does it cost? Because it's not your job to sell in the DMs. It's the, you know, closes jobs to sell on the call. We just want to make sure that they should be getting on, like they are qualified enough to get on a call. So we hide that in here with where are you based and what is it you do for work? Do you find it stressful or highly active or pretty sedentary most of the time? So we're just trying to extract that information out of them to see, you know, making sure that they've got a decent paying job. If you put qualified, they should have already said working full-time here. So like we know that they are decently qualified. Now we're just trying to get a little bit more clarity about what they actually do for work, right? Only ask this if they haven't answered it already and how old are you? So essentially, if they're under 21, they're usually a bit of a waste of time. If they're working full-time and they have a decent job, then I'll still, you know, accept them and take them onto a call. Most of them are just kind of time wasters, right? Now we only, stage five, we only, as it says, only ask this if... Low income, like a low-income job, or they say they're, so under $40,000 Australian dollars a year, they're a student, they're an apprentice, or not working full-time, okay? Sometimes they'll say working full-time, and then they'll say like, oh, I'm a uni student as well, and it's kind of like, you know, they're usually, again, time wasters. So we only ask that, this question, under those circumstances, if they say, you know, they're, you know, a carpenter, or like, have basically any normal full-time job, we do not ask this question, right? Because it is a hard financial qualifier, you know, that said, are you in a spot to invest, you know, 95 AED, 62 USD? So this depends on where they're from, if they're Australian, then just say, obviously, 95 per week, if they're American, then you say 62 a week, so that depends on where they're from, okay? Again, cannot stress enough, only... Acknowledge what they say in some way, shape, or form. That's why that's that. Cool. So let's say, you know, I'm a carpenter and I work in Melbourne, right? Okay, awesome, bro. Well, I couldn't do it right now. Again, saying, obviously, acknowledging what they said there and then moving on to, I couldn't do it right now, but how about we line up a call over the next day or so, dive into things a little bit deeper and map things out. Now, the reason we do this is the day or so. We want to get them on the call as soon as possible after having this conversation, right? So the sooner we get them on the call, the more likely that they'll convert. So, you know, if they say, let's do next week or something, if there's absolutely no other way they can get on a call before then, then yes, book them in. And in that case, make a note to, you know, follow up with them maybe two days out or something like that. We'll cover that when we get to it. Ideally, again, we want to book them in within the next day or so, ideally within a three-day range. Anything beyond that, then, you know, show up rate, no show rate increases, people aren't as motivated to continue moving forward. Okay? Does that all make sense so far? Now, at this stage, you'll add the tag called prompted. So in ManyChat here, let's say you're having this conversation, you get to that stage, all you need to do, come here, or prompted, and then add that tag. Quite simple. So that's just so we can filter, you know, in certain situations like this, for training, we can always come back and just filter all the really good conversations that actually got to that stage. Now, and then would you be down for that? So what we also want to do here is every time we ask a question that moves us further through the conversation, we always want to have its own individual text block. Okay? Okay. So let's go into here, for example, right? um So text block one, right? Acknowledging what they say. Text block two is the question. The reason we do that is because if we have them both in the same text box block, then people can skim read that and then miss the question. And then the conversation goes to get stale. When we send text block one, text block two, the question obviously stands out a little bit more and they actually answer it a bit better. Okay? Or they don't miss it at the very least. So would you be down for that, bro? Cool. Now, different coaches will use different systems. They should all be fairly sane. But really important that we manually book them. So we don't just send them a link and say, book in here. We manually book them, which is in this script. Reason for that is if we send links to people, then they can feel it's a bit salesy and they're lazy or time doesn't work for them, whatever the case, and they just don't book it. Right? Cool. So they confirm that they're up for a Cool. What day works for you over the next days? What time works best for you over the next few days? I'll see what I can do. Preferably outside of work, driving, so we can sit down and map things out properly without distraction. That will say it. And then obviously from there, you just basically conversate and get them booked in on a time, right? And then once you confirm a time, awesome, just so I can lock that in, what's the best phone and email to use, okay? So from here, and obviously if you can't tell their name on Instagram, you just ask, you know, it's hard to say. So what's your, over Instagram, it's hard to see. So what's the best name to use for that? Now, I use GoHighLevel. Have you guys used GoHighLevel before?
Jasmia Justo: I haven't done.
SHERYL ADAPON: Yeah, I did. I did not really focus on this.
Kyle Musca: That's okay. So, GoHighLevel. So you'll only need this one feature for Go High Level. You'll need a few other features, but this one's the most important one. So all you need to do is come into calendars, okay? And then so let's say they said, you know, they can do tomorrow at – this is in Queensland time, so Australian Eastern Standard Time, by the way, so just be cautious of that. There's two ways. You can either click on the time that you want to do if there's a spot open, or you can click New there, and then make sure you choose the right calendar. So, you know, obviously, the coach will have different ones. For me, the ad booking one is a vision call, so we'll go with that one. Now, you don't need to do an appointment title. It should auto-fill that. Now, team member is really important here. So for me, for example, Tommy will take all Australian evening and afternoon calls. He's my main closer. And then Ida and Rachel will take US. It will be U.S. afternoon calls, but it will be Australian morning, for example. We'll give more clarity around this once you're actually into the accounts and everything like that, but let's just say it's Tommy. Now, the best thing to do here is always talk in their time zone. So if they said, and you'll get that from when you ask them where they're from. So if they say they're in Sydney, then don't start talking about Brisbane and Australian standard time zones. Sometimes, you know, go, I just type in the city that they're in. So Sydney, the only one that doesn't work in Australian is Melbourne, because it's the same as Sydney in terms of the time zone. But pretty much everything else works, okay? If you're not sure, you can either ask me or just Google search where they said their location is and what time zone that is. Let's say it's Sydney. Cool. Then they can do tomorrow and, yeah, so you click on the date that they said. So let's say they said. So Thursday, cool. And then it's like, cool, I can do, you know, pretty much any of these times. Now, always try and book it on the half an hour intervals. Don't book it on the 15 and 45, just because we want to stack these calls as close as possible together. So even though that's a booking option, just do either 4 p.m. or 4.30. Does that make sense?
Jasmia Justo: Yep. Yes, copy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. From there, oh, you obviously need to select the contact. So if they're conversating in ManyChat, it should actually bring them across. So if we go, you know, Joel Silver, for example, let's see if that works. Silver. Okay. So it doesn't. So what you'd just do there is you'd just, sorry, I don't know if saw that. You would just click, add new contact. Quickly add them. Joel, Silver, XYZ, add their number, email, and then set their time zone to wherever they're at. So, Sydney, right? And then the contact would obviously get. So, let's, yeah. So, let's just do me, for example, here. Yeah, cool. Did that, yeah, contact's called. That, cool. Tomorrow, Thursday at, you know, 4 p.m. Vision call. Yeah, perfect. Book appointment. And there I will be, right there. For that example, Sydney time. And then all you need to do is just press save and that's fine. Really important to do that because, again, the automations will send out with the time of the reminder of the call. So if we're in a different time zone, it's going to send them the wrong time. And that's almost guaranteed to make sure they don't show up on the call.
Jasmia Justo: So that's really, really important. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. For save. Then what I'm going to do there, if you ever need to reschedule a call, again, I'm sure you'll play around with GoHolo. It's pretty simple. But all you need to do is, you if you need to edit and reschedule it, then you just press that little pen there at the top there and then just change the time and save it. If you need to, you know, cancel it, then you just come down here and press cancel. If someone cancels or something like that, then make sure to do that because that will open that spot back up so someone else can now book in a call. Okay. All makes sense. Okay. Now, once you've booked the call, you come into the confirmation, the post-booking flow. This, from here on, this is a really important part of the DM script because it enforces show-up rate and it shows them exactly how to get on the call so there's no confusion. So if booked with the coach or myself, for me, it's going to be pretty rare that I get call bookings, but for the coach, then you send this message. All locked in, you should have got a confirmation email. Can you go through and confirm that? Add it to your calendar. Make it easy to keep track of. Did that come through? So send, and then did that come through? If booked with a closer, so for me, I have closers on board that take the calls. Sweet, I was able to get you in with my program director, Tommy. He, she, obviously depending on the gender, is an absolute legend and really good at mapping things out. Should have just got a confirmation. So it's basically the same, but just explaining to them that they're, who they're getting on call with first, essentially. Okay. Yes, that came through, just confirmed it. Awesome. Beautiful. And just to confirm, will you 100% have make that time? We're going to spend a fair bit of time reviewing this beforehand, so we can give you as much value as possible on the call and block that time out specifically for you. So someone books and calls and doesn't show, or cancels last minute, and then it mugs us around quite a bit. Yeah. So again, just reinforcing shop rate, getting a absolute confirmation that they'll be able to make that time. Cool. Legend, if something pops up or anything, have any issues jumping on, feel free to shoot me a message here. So obviously, you guys will just keep an eye on that if anyone does message through. And here's the join link to make it easier to find. So to get that, all you need to do is come back into GoHiLevel, click on the person's name, and then you'll see the join link details here. So you'll just grab that link right there. Cool. Makes sense. Perfect. Now, explaining that where the call will be. So for most of the time, it'll be Google Meet, but just be careful. So for me, for example, I use Zoom. So anything red is basically you just need to double check to make sure that that's right. So the call will be on Google Meet. Please make sure you've got the Google Meet app downloaded beforehand. Does that all make sense? Just want to make sure we can dive into things on the day. They'll say, yes, awesome chatting to you. I'm going to spend some time going over what we spoke about. P.S., you know, give these videos a quick watch. All right. Now, you'll send these messages leading up to the call, right? So if someone's booked more than 72 hours out, so more than three days out, then... So call 72 hours out from the call. That's actually meant, it is meant to be if they've booked 72 hours out, but I want to make that clearer. So you basically only send this message, send 48 hours. So essentially send it 72 nights. So yeah, if they have booked, yeah, more than three days out, then two nights before the call, hey bro, just checking to see if you got those messages, to see if you had a chance to watch those videos. So that's those videos. And then the night before the call, hey bro, just looking through my calendar tomorrow and can't confirm we're good for the time. So obviously that is whatever time the call is set for. So, um, you know. we're good for 4pm tomorrow. Again, making sure it's in their time zone. Be cautious of that. Can you please confirm that you're still good in your own too? That'd be awesome. Okay. So that's a really important one to make sure that we get a response out of them the night before the call. So they are aware, you know, people forget that they have a call on tomorrow afternoon. So they make plans. We send this the night before so they don't make plans and don't get busy on the day. All right. Cool. So that is the DM script. Any questions on any of that stuff at all? All right. good? Yep. Okay. Perfect. The biggest thing with this is just making sure, again, we're personalizing replies. So we'll move into that now. So in ChatGPT, you'll come in and you'll create a project. Okay. Now, project is an actual project, not just the chat. So for example, we've got DM setting. Now, inside the DM setting project, you'll upload a couple of files, okay? And the files will look like this. So one is the setter master script. So that's obviously the coach's script that they've reworded. So that, but reworded to the coach. That gives it obviously context to understand where it's at. So on that as well, one thing, one really, really important thing with this is we do not, we never want to get away from the direction of this script, right? So one mistake that setters will make very commonly is that they will start going down a bit of a rabbit hole and trying to ask a lot of different information and, you know, essentially start to coach the, you know, start coaching, right? But the ultimate goal of the setting process is move them closer to booking in a call. Okay. So we can acknowledge and personalize the response, but we should always be trying to move on to the next step of the script, not go down some other rabbit hole or other tangent. Okay. So that's really important to understand in combining ChatGPT because obviously sometimes ChatGPT can do that. Okay. Okay. The DM said a manual, training manual, basically just gives it a set of guidelines and rules to stick to. A human-like texting communication document, which obviously just makes the responses a little bit more humanized and a little bit more geared towards text rather than, you know, spitting out massive big paragraphs. Uh, then we'll upload, each coach will have their own tonality document, right? This is going to help the AI understand how to actually reply in that specific type of, again, tonality, right? Um, if the coach has enough data and I would probably even get into the habit of doing. This, when you get into a new coach's account, is basically start doing the booked call conversation. So essentially what that is, is it is 50 conversations done by a setter in that account before that have converted into a paying client. So obviously, one, this is really, really good to see how conversations should flow and the terminology and the tonality. But when you upload that into the AI itself, it obviously uses that as a reference on how to conversate properly. Okay. And then essentially you'll have to gear and talk to it a little bit so it understands how to reply. But essentially you should get to the point where you basically just copy the person's message and then you can throw it straight into, the AI and it will formulate a response. Now the AI will do a. 80% of the work for you. You do need to proofread it and you do need to obviously reword it if it sounds really robotic or if it sounds like AI or it doesn't match the coach's tonality. Okay? It's really important. And I think that is pretty much it for now. Does anyone have any questions on any of that?
SHERYL ADAPON: Ron will be sending these files, right? So, because I'm going to be starting tomorrow. Yes. I'm and then I'm just going to review. And when it comes to the tools, which is we're going to be using the Ohio level, when we can get our credentials for that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, it depends on whose account you're going into. So, Jasmine will be in my account. So, she'll use GoHullable. SHERYL, think for you, pretty sure Imogen uses Calendly. So I'll triple check on that, but I'm fairly sure. Essentially, so you just send me your email account, email addresses, and then I can get you uploaded into the system.
Ron: But Ron will send them through. Also, Kyle, just to add up, I sent them the guide that we first answered for the dean, if you still remember that. So I sent that to them so that they have an idea how it works and what are the goals and best you really want for them to achieve. So that's already been sent by their email, guys. I also created a GC for the end of the year for it. If you want, Kyle, I have a copy of the messages, the one that you showed last time. And you want them to do the same thing as what they did, to do like a... With a video that you ask us to watch, do you want them to do that as well?
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, Jasmia can, in my account, for sure. She shouldn't. What I would do for Jasmia is read through these conversations. I would spend some time. Again, these have all converted into actual clients. So these are really good quality conversations and analyze the tonality and how to respond. For Cheryl, the coach she'll be going into doesn't have that data and doesn't have those conversations beforehand. So she won't be able to go through and do that. But what I would really recommend you do, Cheryl, is either for calls that get booked in, at the very least, or, you know, more ideally, calls that actually convert into clients' time. Then I would go through and I would save those conversations like this and start building out this document again in time. And you don't have to do that all in one go. Like, you can't do it, you know, conversation by... Conversation. Otherwise, again, theoretically, we should be able to, you know, eventually come in here and just filter by all the books, call leads, and tags, and then just go through all those conversations and just directly copy them over.
Jasmia Justo: Okay, copy.
Kyle Musca: Now, that is, yeah, any other questions on any of that stuff?
Ron: Do you want Jasmia or SHERYL to start today for Imogen and Morgan? SHERYL, right? Are they going to ask her to do, like, any kind of training with her today, or no?
Kyle Musca: I will, I've got to chat with Morgan still about what, because I haven't really heard from her, I think Charles has heard from her either. In terms of Jasmia, she should be fine, everything kind of already set up. She would just... Need to obviously, well, actually, I can probably, I can probably invite Jasmia into my chat GPT and she can start using this if that works. Again, I'll just need her email for that.
Jasmia Justo: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then I would need further confirmation from Morgan and Imogen on what we're going to do with Cheryl.
Ron: Okay. So you want them to start tomorrow even Jasmia or Jasmia can start today already?
Kyle Musca: We'll get them started tomorrow officially. But again, Jasmia can definitely start. I think, I think the only time, only thing Jasmia needs to do right now is probably just review these conversations.
Ron: That's the most important thing.
Kyle Musca: But we'll officially get her started tomorrow.
Ron: Tomorrow will be there officially slightly. Okay. Also, I can send this EMP book, call messages on the group.
Jasmia Justo: I'll tag Jasmia. Everyone, I have the copy of that one. Bye-bye.
Ron: Bye-bye. Bye Bye Bye Bye Bye-bye. Bye What do want her to do as of now, right? Just doing that by sending that in the Go High Level account will be sent to her email address.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you could just create a group chat with Jasmia, and then, or even if we have one with Nadine, I think we already have one with Nadine, so maybe just add her to that one, and then I can communicate with her directly and get her added to, the accounts we need to. And then, yeah, she only needs access to Go High Level and...
Jasmia Justo: ManyChat.
Kyle Musca: ManyChat. ManyChat, I'll send you a link to join, so I don't actually need do any money for that one. And ChatGPT, I'll try and get her in this account, so she already has those documents that she can use added here. Otherwise, I'll just send her the documents and she can create her own one.
Ron: Okay, all right, perfect. I'll add them on the create group chats. We have with Nadine. I already introduced Nadine to them earlier so that they know the schedule, because they'll be working, basically, right, together. So they know what the time will be. And also, I'll be asking them to join on that same group chat so that we have all of them on one group.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, sounds good.
Ron: Okay. Cheryl, update will just be on that group chat as well? Or how it's going to be tomorrow for her?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so Cheryl will be in... So there should be a group chat with Jasmia, Nadine, and myself. And then there should be... There can be a larger group chat with, like, every setter in there. And I need to go have a chat with Morgan about what she's doing, because, again, I haven't heard from her, but I've got everything up and ready to launch it. Imogen's campaign, so she can jump into Imogen's campaign. I just need to clarify what's happening there with Morgan and Charles.
Ron: So when she started her time tomorrow, she will just message you, and maybe there's already an update for Morgan and Imogen by the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, she can, we'll create a group chat now with Imogen and Sheryl, and then Sheryl can get added to all of Imogen's, you know, many chat, and I think she uses Calendly, so Calendly.
Ron: Oh, I'll be creating a different one for Sheryl, and she will not be included in just me and Adil.
Kyle Musca: No, Sheryl will have one with Imogen. Imogen, myself, you, and Sheryl.
Ron: Okay, all right, perfect. All right, I'll do that one. I'll just get the, um, the WhatsApp of Imogen. And Morgan, sir, I don't have that one. Maybe you can add me up on the group chat so that I can add SHERYL on that one as well. And then just be able to add it on the different group chat with the team you and me.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Ron: All right. That's all for today. Thank you. Do you have anything else, sir? Oh, so sorry. The one that you recorded, is it okay if you can send it to me, sir, so that I have a copy of it just in case you'll be hiring more in the future. Or we can, you know, send it to them already so that they have an idea of what will happen or what's going to be the task itself so that you don't have to, you know, do it again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Ron: can send that through. Perfect. Thank you, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Thank you so much. Awesome. Thank you. Cheers. Bye-bye. Bye. Thank you. Bye-bye.


>>> 105/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-25T04:44:16Z | id:125103988
People: Kyle Musca

jese Smith-shields: It's for the last six months, and it's been pretty much waiting to get the team approval on my percentage of my business.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's fast.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, absolutely. I obviously told her there's no future with Shields while that's happening. I pretty much gave her the weekend to think about it with her decision, and then that weekend was when she went in and disconnected pretty much everything.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, and now she's gone even bitter. So now she's gone out and messaged all our clients and has caused a whole lot of backlash.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's strange she would do that. Not only, obviously, you guys have been related, but I feel like she probably doesn't understand the workload that actually goes into building a business.
jese Smith-shields: I think she's very at the point of view that...
Kyle Musca: ...
jese Smith-shields: I've been sleeping with her and that I've got nudes of her and that's why she's came on as a client to be the next Kiana.
Kyle Musca: That's weird. Okay. I mean, nothing gets to Liza, but I'm sure probably a lot of people have their nudes.
jese Smith-shields: It's not something that I'd want either.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So explain to me a little bit more about, you know, what your idea is with this rebrand.
jese Smith-shields: Like what direction you're wanting to take it in. Well, I could have probably continued off within Shields, within some of the core members that I have in the community, but a lot of those core members have now left because Kiana knew that they were the core members. So my sort of idea, and I was kind of contemplating a rebrand anyway, because obviously Shields is very female dominant. So I had in my pretty much pencil. Put in like a of a rebrand this year, depending on what the growth was, what was happening, and what we could kind of push into. So I was kind of planning that in a sense, but now that this has kind of made that happen a little bit faster. So obviously within Shields at the moment, it's very key person risk with Kiana being the direct face of it. So I would be trying to build another brand that's not key person related, probably having about five to about eight ambassadors all pushing into the one page, but being very broad on the female sort of specter. So every ambassador would have their own sort of campaign and own sort of agenda, what they're pushing across into, but then that would be pushing straight into the page with through meta-ads and the campaigns through that, because even within how much organic content we're posting on Shields. Like, were posting nearly, like, four times a day, and we probably got about 7% of our leads from Shields.
Kyle Musca: 7% or 70?
jese Smith-shields: 7%.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
jese Smith-shields: So it was all the leads and meta-ads.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And so Kiana's messaged all the girls that had a decent following and stuff, and they've all wrapped things up.
jese Smith-shields: Mm.
Kyle Musca: , man. That's crippling. No, I mean, that's just... Okay. Okay. Do you have any girls... So what's the total client loss here so far?
jese Smith-shields: I'm at close to 30.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. And do you have any girls left that have a decent following? Okay. Okay. So in that case...
jese Smith-shields: I've already started reaching out, so I've got a few people in it, like, pretty keen on it. I've pretty much got another coach through the door, and she's pretty, she's experienced as well, so I don't particularly have to overlook her like I was with Kiana. So she would probably be one of the core members that I could probably push the campaigns through, and I do have a lot of girls showing interest in being sort of ambassadors to her. But my whole idea on that would be to try and create that, and then me just having my shields through my personal page, and I can just keep the contracts that we hold, but all my long-term clients and my loyal clients through that to keep the revenue across until that sort of launches into the new page.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. What I would do there is, like, I'm not a huge fan of, does the coach have a decent following or anything like that?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, she's got about 19K.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. I'm not a huge fan of, like, usually doing that because in a situation like Kiana's can come up. The only reason I was, like, not as worried about that with Kiana is because I was like, well, you know, brother and sister and everything, you guys should surely be fine. What I would definitely do is I'd make sure that you have, like, harsh, not harsh, but, like, very in-depth contracts that all your coaches and anyone that gets on these affiliate basically signs, making sure to include that, you know, there needs to be a cool down, otherwise they're not entitled to any, you know, payments of any clients that have signed up, making sure that they can't coach them, everything like that.
jese Smith-shields: I've done other contracts now because, yeah, Kiana wasn't obviously on a contract.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so I'd definitely do that because it's like, you know, if that's the case, then I would just take them straight to, like, raise it as an actual legal issue. And they're asking, doing OnlyFans , then it's like, yeah, they probably don't have much authority in space. But if they're doing something like, you know, Kiana was doing, for example, then it's like the bigger the following, the better, because then we can leverage the marketing and we can do some direct response stuff and everything like that. And we can also set the culture that those are the types of girls that, you know, inside ShieldsFeed or whatever we rebrand to. And then that will come in and bring in these kind of girls where it will sort of create that triple long effect where it's the norm to, you know, post and collab and everything like that. And girls want to be a part of that. I just think you would obviously like get whoever you can to get the ball rolling with it. But if you can get one, you know, decently big creator, not only will you be able to go straight back into direct response stuff quickly, but you'll be able to, you know, have that authority as that sort of that business.
jese Smith-shields: So the way I see it. Yeah, my only hesitation with obviously that direct response. So say if we did it through their page, like what? What's happened with Keanu, and I've seen it coming for a while now, is when we started with her, she had like 4,000 followers. Then we started pumping all the money and everything into her account. So now she basically thinks that she's the big fish where all her followings, some from her content, but it's mostly just from all the money that we put into ads.
Kyle Musca: Well, there's two sides to it. So one, I think the issue there is if you bring on these affiliates, keep them right out of the business. You know, they shouldn't see how the coaching system works. They shouldn't know how to coach a client, anything like that. Just keep them completely separate. Like, again, you just show up, you look pretty on camera. You get a percentage of, and I'll do the rest, you get a percentage of people that sign up, right? And we'll take care of really good service so you get a good name for yourself as well. But kind of like the opposite of a coach where you keep them right out of sales and you keep them usually right out of the marketing side of things is because if they start... You know, doing something like that, you know, what happened with Kiana, then that can happen where they're like, oh, like, you know, I'm getting, they start to think I'm doing everything. I'm the one bringing in all the leads. So why don't I just go do it on my own? And they don't realize all the other work that goes into it. So keep it completely separate. Now, the other thing is I kind of mentioned there is one, you get the contracts in place to make sure that's all set. A lot of girls don't really want to work those as well. That's the other thing. You know what mean? A lot of girls do want to just sort of show up and look pretty on camera and, like, live a pretty, like, relaxed lifestyle. Similar to a coach, right? You don't want to find someone who's too ambitious, but you want to find someone who's going to be good for the role.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Kind of like what, you know, again, George also does it really well because he's got, you know, these girls. With massive followings and they're, you know, in the fitness niche, but none of them do coaching.
jese Smith-shields: Some of them do coaching themselves, but most of them don't. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: um, uh, they tagged her, yeah. Yeah, like Tasha, for example. Like, if you got, obviously, she's got a huge following, but if you, you know, were able to do something like what you did through Kiana's, if you got someone with a, obviously, millions  lot, but even 100,000 followers, you know what I mean? Like, that itself would be, you'd  get an even better response than through Kiana. I mean, if you get two or three of them going, it's like, you , you know, that's like EBT level . That's literally how EBT grew his business from the start.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Um, what's, uh, what's the chances of actually getting into someone's account and doing what we're doing through Kiana's? Because I was talking to George about it the other day, and he's tried with a few, but none of them would actually let him do it.
Kyle Musca: So here's the thing, one. You'd have to build a relationship with them properly and you'd have to, you know, explain what they're getting out of it. So, for example, these girls, obviously, I think they're sponsored by like White Fox and all the sponsors and everything like that. So you kind of just set it up like what I would even do in that situation. I've done this with Hattie before actually through Flex. didn't work as well. Might do that. Ideally, we'd want to run it through their account if they let us. It really comes down to the individual. Best case, can run it through their account. Worst case, we just use their material and run it through Shields.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, I mean, you could even say like, again, I don't think George words it right and like phrases it right. Because, again, like what I said to George is do a collaboration challenge where it's like, you know, Sky Sutton has teamed up with George at GCM Coaching for a collaboration challenge, essentially. You know what mean? And it's the same concept. And he doesn't. And you're  good. That's all they have to do. they could make, you know,  tens of thousands of dollars off the back end of it. And, you know, you just throw it as in, like, we'll give you a free photo shoot as well because we're already there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, I see where you're going with that.
Kyle Musca: So it's like a two-part thing. Like, one, if we can get the big fish, then fantastic. But at the same time, we also want to build a community like kind of Nate does. And that would work with the rebrand. The other thing is, um, I know you mentioned, um, Kiara, Kiara, is it Kiara, Kiara, Kiara?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Um, I think it's called, I think it's Slimmer or Slimmer.
Kyle Musca: don't know how to pronounce it. Yeah, I'm surprised they weren't with that name.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I would heavily sort of, I don't get much through this though, to be fair. I would say what they've done, yeah, collaborated, I'd say, yeah. So yeah, I would very much say what they've done is they've gone away to Alex and said like, well, we want to eventually like kind of sell this. And he's going to, he's just, because I've got this, you know, everyone's got the same issue when they're a coach. It's like, well, no one's going to buy it if you're the face, and you can only sell through the face. So I'd assume they're probably transitioning in that direction, as well as if you can get this model to work, it's essentially affiliate marketing, which would, you know, if you've got, get a lot of big fish going, you're  golden. But you can see like, you can see they heavily, heavily built their brand off just the back of the big fish.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And it was just all rinse and repeat. Like they didn't even really show many client transformations. It's just like, here's how I went from this to this, this is Kiara. And that's all they would do. Same photo. Same photos, same , you know what I mean? So, yeah, is that all making sense so far?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it's all making sense. There's obviously a lot in the air at the moment, but like where I was sitting at the moment with like this sort of stuff and whatnot is all our leads came from meta-ads. ads.
Kyle Musca: A lot of their leads come from meta-ads too, I would say.
jese Smith-shields: Are they still running ads, are they?
Kyle Musca: I tried finding them. Yeah, I've looked before. They do. With the ads, because it goes through the Facebook page. So, if you're ever trying to find them, sometimes you've to look not for the Instagram, for the Facebook page. So, for example, yeah, 29 followers. know what mean? And then you'll see all the ads. They probably, I would say, have transitioned away from Kiara if they're trying to push the new Slim Coat. So it just depends on what they've done here. But I remember looking a while ago and they  had heaves. What the ? She's obviously also got a massive organic following that she could do it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Get a lot of leads organically as well. But I do remember having this conversation with someone and looking into it a lot deeper. Is this just an... You know, create the reels and create the content in the first place.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that's how it kind of naturally happened with Shields is that I had a few girls randomly start creating content and collaborating it with us. So then we started playing like monthly MVP challenges to try and get other people to do it and other sort of smaller creators just to collab with us. So at Sundays, we're getting like nearly nine posts a day just from people collabing with us and putting that sort of into the content.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, the direction that Shields was going in was like  fantastic. It was exactly where we wanted to go. So essentially, we just want to do that, but we just want to, I guess, diversify. So one, it will help build the community faster, but it also doesn't like leave, you know, all the eggs in one basket if something like that were to happen.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that's where I'm kind of leveraging, trying to go to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but like, yeah, but it's like someone, because again, even with Kiana, right, there was probably like a good at least six months, if not more, where we really got a lot out of her, for example. So it's like, I wouldn't be opposed to bringing in, again, someone similar to that to get the ball and the machine rolling faster and to build that culture quicker. because then once you've got that, not one, again, you can just turn it around quicker, but once you've got that, you can then transition faster away from it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, okay, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: What, have you thought of a name that you want to rebrand to?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm kind of brainstorming with a few different people to try and come up with it. I'm going to keep Shields, obviously, for the recovery revenue, which is still doing fine. So, we did have a lot of leads still come through Marcus. So, Marcus signed. And three in the last four days, but they were all asking to be coached by Kiana. So we've had to try and pillar away from that in a sense. So that's why I didn't want to use her ad content in Shields still.
Kyle Musca: Right, okay.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, so we still have a few leads that we're nurturing through Shields, but I think I'll just try and cut it off for now and just try and keep all my current clients as happy as possible while building out this new rebrand. And then once it's up and running, just go stupidly aggressive.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it also depends on who the person is. But like for Flex, for example, obviously no one's working with Hattie or Millie directly, but they add in like weekly group coaching calls. So it's like if it's someone who does have, you know, decent knowledge about fitness or whatever, which again is like where these girls come into play is because they've got a big following that they don't want I do the  work anyway.
jese Smith-shields: Everyone was telling me that Hattie is like one of the laziest people he's ever came across.
Kyle Musca: Hattie or Millie?
jese Smith-shields: No, not Hattie.
Kyle Musca: I'm Millie, sorry. Yeah, yeah. He's, again, but like he offered a 50%. She just did  all work. You know, if she's doing a lot of work and like really on top of it, yeah, fair enough, 50%, absolutely. But it's like if you're having to do all the work and they do like literally  nothing, it's like, well, just say like 10% or 15%, you know what I mean?
jese Smith-shields: Like they do nothing. Yeah. That's even within Kiara as well. Like all she really did for us was content.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, it's good that there are a lot of girls, like the girls that get to, again, I'm not specifically saying Kiara here, but the girls that get to that level, it's like they don't want to work. You know what I mean? So it's like just give them a paycheck because that's all they really  want for being on camera. And then, you know, but obviously when you word it, it's like...
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, Kyle or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Ebony Pointing is a client that I've been coaching for free for some time, and she's just a friend of mine, but she's into like the social media and like content side of things.
Kyle Musca: Do you follow them on your page?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think Yasmin would be good.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yasmin would, she's...
jese Smith-shields: So she's the coach that I've just signed under. She messaged me probably like three months ago to see if I had any work for like clients.
Kyle Musca: She gets fun.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. So my idea with her is because she's very experienced like within hormone coaching and all that sort of stuff. stuff that goes into it. my campaign with her would be a bit more higher tier through like an A. Yeah. Older age bracket that are dealing with all those hormone cycles out. So that obviously gets me away from Kiana's normal demographic of 18 to 23.
Kyle Musca: See, here is the other problem that I would think about with that, is that older demographics aren't going to push the community that you want to push. I kind of have the same, well, one, have men, which men, you know, I'm really usually down for that  anyway. But it's like, you know, whether it's an older male or an older female, you know, they're not going to want to  get in their gym gear and like, you know, post  their   and everything all over social media. So I'd be cautious with that. Like, I would go in the 30s and stuff for sure. But, you know, once you start pushing into the 40s and the 50s where hormone is really a big pushing message, it's like those aren't the type of women that are going to, one, be attracted to that kind of community. So you'd be sending mixed messages, but they're just not going to, again, do what you want them to.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: But she's, like, young enough, no big thing. I think she would, she, I don't know heaps about her, but, like, she would, she kind of, to me, she looks more like a coach than Keanu, to be honest.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, that's what I like, too. She's definitely a lot more experienced.
Kyle Musca: How often does she post? February 9th. February 9th. February 8th. Okay. Yeah, I mean, she's posting pretty frequently.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And she's getting really good views on her, on her reels. I don't know what her posts are like, but these are good numbers. So I reckon you could do, my biggest concern here is, like, we want to, we want to get something up and running again, like, soon. We don't want to be kind of dead in the water for too long.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, that's fair. That's fair.
Kyle Musca: Wow. When does she officially start?
jese Smith-shields: She's already started, so I've already given her three clients. You're welcome. As like a tester. But she hasn't like started, like she wouldn't be, I would use her for the content, but she probably wouldn't be like the big like pillar of one of like the ambassadors. Would use her as a campaign, obviously within her demographic and what pushes across, but she is like a coach. So hers would be very different to what the ambassadors sort of roles would look like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I would, how many clients are you going to give her?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'm not too sure yet.
Kyle Musca: I would. To be honest, if I were you in this situation, I'd almost be tempted to just get her to redo all the stuff we've done. Okay. Luciana and just like do it through her in terms of like you've got the ad scripts, you've got the graphic content, just do that but like with her marketing and stuff and just get that up and running.
jese Smith-shields: I've already spoken to her about it and she said she'd be fine with her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean like, you know, she's obviously coached herself and not done very well.
jese Smith-shields: She coached, it got it pretty well and then she stopped for whatever reasoning. think she was breaking up with old mate or whatever and now she's just recently tried starting it up and then realized that how much goes back into it. So she's got three clients of her own.
Kyle Musca: Yep. So I would get a hard contract in, you're not allowed to coach any clients on your own, you're not allowed to build any systems out. Anything you do make is property of Shields or whatever you rebrand to, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So you're not allowed to work with any clients afterwards, whatever, right? And then, yeah, I would, again, do what we did for Kiana, like same message and everything, essentially, if you want to change it or we want to get new scripts, just let me know, get the graphics up, get some videos done, direct response, get it turned around, get some clients coming through the door so we have some consistency there. That will take the pressure off you and the stress off you for the next month or two to really start, you bringing on more girls for this affiliate marketing and start building out that community, like, longer term. And then transition away from her.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. That's what I would do.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, you're probably right.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Yeah, because I also think maybe Kiana had, she was probably a little bit too close to you, like, in terms of if you've treated them well, you know, you've helped build their income, you've, you know, given them a good job, you've been a good employer, very unlikely if someone's going to turn around and do, good job, you've been a a That extent, like, I'm super surprised that Keanu even did that. But, you know, I think that's probably a very unfortunate sort of, you know, like, I don't see that happening very often.
jese Smith-shields: No. No, you wouldn't think so. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: We would have to, obviously, would have to do a very different sort of ad style through her account. In terms of?
jese Smith-shields: Like, the campaign, because Keanu's was obviously a little bit more emotional side within the younger females.
Kyle Musca: This could, I mean, this isn't bad, because I could see Yasmin sort of probably resonating with more of the, you know, later 20s, 30-year-olds. Yeah. They're usually a little bit, yeah, they're a little, usually a little bit. More, you know, one, better financially, well-off. And two, like, similar goals still, like, it's still usually for, like, a visual aesthetic, feeling good in dresses, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Again, once you get into 40, then it shifts away from looks more so rather than, like, hormones and fear around midlife and .
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's probably realistically relatively same message. It would just come across differently because of how they deliver it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. Like, I found, again, 20, 30-year-olds usually have the same goal outcomes or, like, pain points and  like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man.
jese Smith-shields: I'll have another conversation with her and just re-confirm that because I did ask her the question if she would be comfortable with us running ads through her account. And she... Well, I don't, yeah, she doesn't need to see anything other than what comes through her page and what she coaches for now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, because I think, you know, Kiana going away, she's not going to know how to set up an offer, do a sales call, DM script, , then she's going to have to coach them and  herself.
jese Smith-shields: You know what I mean? Like she's. That's another thing that I did not understand because our future roles for Kiana was her to be a managing role because she doesn't like coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. she's trying to create her own service. It's a very silly decision for her, but I'm sure she'll come to realise that. Does she have any other source of income?
jese Smith-shields: Like what's going on there? Through her ambassador plans that she does with like Define and Share?
Kyle Musca: How much? Yeah. No, she's going to have a bit of a rude awakening, I would say, in a few months. Okay. Cool, man. Yeah, I think that's. Yeah. How are you sort of feeling about that plan?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I think, yeah, I think you're probably right. I probably need to leverage into something. I still want to try and do the rebrand and relaunch to try and get away because if you think of Shields at the moment, you probably just think of Kiana. Yeah. You wouldn't even really know that I own it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, like, that's not really, like, I mean, if you're going to go into a community aspect anyway, it depends on how set you're on for a rebrand. And for me, like, Shields is a nice, relatively neutral. It's not, like, overly masculine. It's not overly feminine. And it's already got a good community, like, vibe and everything like that. For me, when I look at Shields, like, I think Shields, I don't necessarily think of Kiana. Like, when I think of, like, the marketing we did through Kiana, I obviously think of Kiana.
jese Smith-shields: But when it's Shields, it does already seem a little bit more community-based.
Kyle Musca: For me, like, because I rebranded my business, like, it wasn't that big of a deal. I just sort of  changed the name, changed the branding colours and stuff. It was fine.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right.
jese Smith-shields: Good luck.
Kyle Musca: Good luck with that, man. And yeah, let me know if you need anything.
jese Smith-shields: Too easy. Appreciate the time anyway. Good, man. All right. See you. Bye. Cheers.


>>> 106/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-25T06:01:55Z | id:125108410
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. How are you going?
Meg Tovey: Hello. I'm good. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, thank you. How's it ever been?
Meg Tovey: Busy.
Kyle Musca: Busy's better than being bored.
Meg Tovey: Whereabouts are you at the moment?
Kyle Musca: I'm still in Thailand, so I've just kind of settled into the place. I'm currently out now, so I'm hoping to stay here for like six months.
Meg Tovey: Oh, hectic. Yeah, I'm sick of moving her out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. All right, we'll dive into things. How's this week gone overall?
Meg Tovey: It has, I've had only one call booked from the ads this week so far.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: And it is scheduled for... Yeah. It Yeah. It you Yeah. Yeah. This is this week.
Kyle Musca: So the noticeable thing here is just the, probably the booking to lead ratio. We've had that much higher recently.
Meg Tovey: Have you reviewed Conversations? Yeah, but definitely happy for you to do that if you want to look at them too.
Kyle Musca: One thing I do, yeah, we'll do that because one thing I really want to do is get the lead magnet stuff or review the lead magnet stuff because.
Meg Tovey: I did have one question about that I wanted to check with you about one of the combos. Her name is.
Kyle Musca: I know before I forget as well, I just want to have you checked the videos that Vaughn sent through for the challenge.
Meg Tovey: Not yet. He only just sent me them like literally an hour or two ago and I was in an appointment.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Sick. So, yeah.
Meg Tovey: I asked him, I think he worked it out that there was no $7,000 thing in this first script, but I said, can we just add that from the other two into that first one? And that seems, he said that should be sweet, so.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, perfect. Yeah, because that was, that's like obviously a big, I guess, attraction, 0.4 people. Okay, so let's come in here. Yeah, is there anything specifically you want to discuss in this call as well, by the way?
Meg Tovey: Just getting the book's calls up. It was so good in January and it's been so bad this month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's just like.
Meg Tovey: Like I want to push the ad spend, but like it's so inconsistent.
Kyle Musca: Good click-through rate. Decent amount of people working full-time. Yeah, because you can come in and see like the direct response. We're getting good cost per lead. Again, these are people working full-time. They need to lose a considerable amount of weight. These are good hand-raises. So if we can just get these people onto calls, the fact that we're not getting them onto calls regardless of sales off the back end of them is my concern there. Now, funnily enough, this graphic is still going through really well from us. So we'll just let that thing keep running until it sort of creeps up. But even that, like, that's still, that's a direct response ad. And there's a good amount of leads coming through that in the last seven days at a good, a really good sort of cost per lead. So let's break this down. What is the lead man qualified? What was the one you wanted me to review quickly?
Meg Tovey: Her handle is two underscores. Hannah.jane underscore. Hannah Pope is the name. She said she's answered all the questions, do I just pose a call? And I thought it would be too soon to just straight go into the call, but I didn't know what to tell her to do. And then I haven't replied to her, so she's obviously done it because I didn't know what to say.
Kyle Musca: In that situation, so I had gastric flea, I lost 55 kilos, I've kept weight off for years until recently, I'm about 50. I'm more active than I have had, trying to turn mainly with form of clients in secret training, I struggle with migratory, so I feel I'm pushing the threshold so much, I have PCOS and reflux. In that case, would probably like, you know, hey girl, you know, or firstly, I just want to say I'm really proud of you. Did she say, okay, 55 kilos and keeping it up for years is huge. makes so much, takes so much strength and discipline. Yeah, good response. So it makes total sense that this is reflux and everything and after surgery is going to be coming. Yeah, so I'd probably keep that. Honestly, I would, she's given so much detail. So I'd probably be like, I really love all the detail. And it sounds like a kind of a complex sort of situation, you know, and then basically just phrase it, phrase that as to why you need to jump on a call. You know, I mean, like it's a complex situation. I'd love to really sort of jump on. And based off what you told me before, does sound like a little bit more of a complex situation. Instead of us going back and forth on messages, how about we, you know, I'd be happy to jump on a 10-15 minute call with you just to deep dive into a little bit further and see, you know, why that weight may have started to creep back on. And then how do I, like, do I say, like, when would work best for you or, like, anything to, like, keep it working for your reply? You could, I usually like to get them to confirm that they're open for it first. So it's, like, send it and then, like, you know, would you be up for that or something like that?
Meg Tovey: Should I wait till she replies?
Kyle Musca: What I would do here as well. A bit of delayed response there, but she is getting back. With someone like this, just I would tell the setters, if someone ever says they struggle with motivation or accountability or something like that, that's a huge sort of bullet point to keep in that back pocket. You know what mean? Because if they just start to leave us unread, be like, hey girl, I know you said you sort of struggle with motivation and, you know, helping to keep girls accountable is something I'm, you know, specializing or whatever you say. So, you know. Essentially, it's tying that out to the follow-up, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So girl dropped her phone number.
Meg Tovey: Wasn't replied to. Oh, that was the one that was like, I don't want to put my phone number in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's probably not very promising.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Still keen. My biggest struggle is food noise. tried calorie counting. So what are the response times? it's 548-607. So that's not too bad. Yeah, okay. Cool.
Meg Tovey: Not really working much.
Kyle Musca: Why would this person be working full-time if they're a student and they only work once a week?
Meg Tovey: What an idiot. Yeah, and that's obviously why they said the goals guide will help you get more clarity. That's an old client. Sorry, an old chick from school.
Kyle Musca: I would dig- So I'm thinking from seeing this that they're all just a bit retarded. So we might change the targeting based off what I'm seeing.
Meg Tovey: You don't think the lead magnet is the problem?
Kyle Musca: Not really because, I mean, some of these people are actually conversating. They're just like, that's obviously not a, I don't know what that is. This girl was like decent conversation. She's just... Travelling for work and consistency when travelling for work. Also busy life with three kids, all sports travel a lot. Yeah, so she seemed, yeah, sorry, on a family holiday. So she seemed good, but she was just on a family holiday. Indian, previous friend, no profile picture. Again, that's not a good sign. Um, she's also a student, so that's not even her, like, she just blatantly lied. Looking Indian from the looks of that, doesn't want to give out information. This one seems average, but again, she's just not giving as much. So, I mean, that's probably one of the first actually decent looking leads we've got out of that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But again, she, like, didn't really go anywhere, but still. So, this is a decent lead as well. Let's see when this, um. 22nd Feb.
Meg Tovey: We should put in a targeting like gastric sleeve groups because we get a lot of good inquiries from those kind of people. I don't know if that's a thing, but yeah, I was thinking the same thing. I just didn't really, I don't know, I didn't want to say, I didn't want to sound like, like I feel like the centers do a good, I don't think that's the barrier.
Kyle Musca: No, sometimes we change the follow-ups too when they've been following those well. Yeah, it's usually like the marketing message is one, the demographic it resonates with is the other, and then like the third thing is like the setting process itself. The message, we're giving away a goal-setting guide for free, so I mean that's responding well. The set is a conversating well, it's just, again, it's the demographic I'm seeing. This girl doesn't look... Too bad. bad. What the ? How do I get out of this? I'm also potentially wondering if we should change this message. Because it's like they just respond with, yeah, I've got it, thank you.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And they're not really responding much after that. Even if it's like, instead of saying, like, just checking the link work for you, I had a couple of people telling me it wouldn't open. Like, hey, girl, just saw you got, saw that you, you know, I guess if even just, I you got the goal setting guide. And, you know, just checking, have you had a chance to properly fill that out or properly complete it or something? You know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Yep. But, like, they probably haven't, so would they leave that on read? Because if I hadn't done it, I would leave it on read. Or it would be a very similar situation, like, instead of I've got it, thanks, it would be like, no, I haven't. I've been busy.
Kyle Musca: You could also change it to be like, hey, girl, I saw that you got my goal-setting guide. So I thought I'd just sort of pop in to see if I can offer, like, offer, maybe not a word like this, but essentially offer any more help. and then basically. Go into this message, you know, you you could even say like, maybe even personalize it a little bit more because they say, you know, you ask like, what is the thing you're struggling with most to lose the 10 kilos? But they kind of already said nutrition. So it's like, I'm curious, you said you're struggling with nutrition to lose that 10 kilos or whatever they said. What is it specifically about nutrition do feel like you're struggling with most?
Meg Tovey: Okay, one sec. I'd love to give us a question. I'm curious. You said you've been struggling most with.
Kyle Musca: And then whatever they said struggle was. So obviously infill. And also if you agree you agree without. Also change this, probably not a bad idea to change it from like, so put nutrition, exercise in the same category, and then put like habits, like habits, mindset or something like that, or habits, motivation or something like that, something like that, and then knowledge slash guidance.
Meg Tovey: Okay, let me just write that down. Consistency and mindset or habits and mindset?
Kyle Musca: Habits and, probably habits and mindset maybe. Whatever you feel is going to be most, you're going to know your clients better than me. Consistency might not fit there though, like might be too many ways.
Meg Tovey: Could we skip straight to, instead of saying, I thought I'd jump in and offer some more help, should we, is it wrong to skip to like, So the struggle question, like, hey, lovely, I'd love to help you get the most, I saw you got the goal-setting guide, love to help you get the most out of it. I know, so I'm curious, I know you said you've been struggling with nutrition most.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what I would do. I would jump straight to that.
Meg Tovey: Okay, so.
Kyle Musca: I would probably put, I mean, this is a slight thing, but I'd be like, love to see how, you know, help you get the most out of it.
Meg Tovey: But you said you were struggling with X, Y, Z.
Kyle Musca: So I'm curious, what is it specifically that you're, you know, struggling with?
Meg Tovey: Okay, you.
Kyle Musca: How do you think the wording is going to be best at the end of the day?
Meg Tovey: So I'm curious. What did you say? So I'm curious what specifically.
Kyle Musca: What specifically about. I don't know if you mentioned it again. What specifically about that? Have you been struggling with most? Or. Or what specifically about that do you feel like is stopping you from dropping whatever goal they said? Losing the 10 kilos.
Meg Tovey: Can I just steal the screen share for one sec?
Kyle Musca: Yep. Stop sharing.
Meg Tovey: So do I just delete all of this or what do I? Like, do I just get rid of that whole part and just skip straight to this?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank
Kyle Musca: So what I would probably do is, again, this is minor detail, but I'd do, hey, lovely, and then just do comma. So keep that all on one line. And then I'd probably say, I saw. I think that's a very minor detail, but I saw, yeah. And then after you say most out of it, I would copy everything, the rest of it. Then I would, so send that and then send the second one as its own individual message. Yeah. So it stands out. Whatever button they clicked, ManyChat struggle. So I'm curious, what do you, yeah. When I also, what I do, so like what you've got in brackets there, I highlight it and I change the color to red and then make it bold just so it stands out a little bit more so the setter can clearly see they need to infill information there.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. Do I just delete all of this?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can. I don't think we'll use that. That should add a little bit more personalization in the response as well.
Meg Tovey: I'll this. What have you already tried to fix it?
Kyle Musca: So I would probably say, yeah, yeah, okay, cool. Maybe I would probably add, like, just so I have a little bit of context, what have you already tried to fix it? So I would, again, this is something relatively minor. But when you say, um... Where are we? fair. Sounds like you've been putting in the effort but just haven't had the structure of guidance to really see results from it. I'd maybe change it to like, fair. Sounds like you've been really putting in the effort, just haven't really seen the results you were hoping for from it or something like that. Yeah, because once we start saying guidance and structure, to me, when I read that, it kind of goes on like, oh, she's about to pitch me something.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what I might do is, when we come into your ads manager, what I might start doing here is, I might credit more of a, So there's different demographics we can try. So one that's working well for your direct response, obviously, is job titles. You know, if we're targeting people that have job titles, you'd want to know that they have jobs. The second one, we could try and do health and wellness and body positivity and stuff like that. It just kind of depends on, obviously, like, do you feel like, you know, these girls that are 10, 20, 30 kilos of weight, are they, like, kind of watching and looking into that type of ?
Meg Tovey: Like, what kind of, like, sorry, I'm a bit confused. What do you mean? Like, what?
Kyle Musca: So we could go for interest targeting. So if they've been looking at, you know, health-related stuff or nutrition-related stuff or mindset.
Meg Tovey: Well, ones that would be probably. Probably more ready to buy would be, whereas the victims wouldn't be. They'd be looking at quick shopping things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's like another, I haven't personally done it, but I know a lot of like big marketers do it in terms of they target people that are interested in travel and furniture. I assume because those are usually like high priced items. So if you're a  broke , you're not going to like traveling anytime soon. I haven't personally tried that one though. So it just sort of depends on.
Meg Tovey: What targeting do you do for like the other female coaches?
Kyle Musca: It really depends on like sometimes broad just sort of, I found broads hit and miss to be honest with you. Like, cause again, the algorithm finds people that are, you know, are good quality, but then it's just like, it's  broad so it can drag in anyone. I do like job titles quite a lot. Job titles. Seems to work well.
Meg Tovey: Our best clients would be corporate girls and teachers and, like, nurses, paramedics, those kind of people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's pretty much the people that I include into job titles. So realistically, the way I see it is, like, the message will take care of the message. You know what I mean? Like, if you're... But, like, the goal side is so broad. But that's fine. You know what mean? Because it's like saying if you're a woman who wants to lose 20 kilos in six months, is broad. But it doesn't matter if you're a stay-at-home mom with three kids and, you know,  fully rely on your husband or a corporate woman who runs her own business. You know what mean? The message still applies to both. It's just, like, we just need to put it in front of the right person. And I think that's where broad, like, broad can obviously, you know, rip for us. But it can also go towards the other demographic of people as well. know. I don't know. I don't I reckon we could start, let's start with job titles because the other, the graphics are job titles. So, I mean, what might happen is they might, you know, download the goalie book and then, you know, ideally obviously conversate, but let's say they don't, then they may even see the direct response one and then, oh yeah.
Meg Tovey: Well, a lot of the calls I have done, like it's stood out the amount of people that have said, when I asked that question at the start of like, oh, what kind of resonated most or whatever. So many people like, I just kept seeing ads popping up. So they obviously haven't, it hasn't been just from one ad.
Kyle Musca: No, no, I get guys like that. Like I've seen your ads just popping up for  months.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, like more touch points. Yeah, let's do job titles because the more touch points we have and if we can give away free value and stuff, then it's like, again, you know, maybe they're not even in the, because. Again, the lead magnet's designed to get people in the information gathering stage. You know what mean? So what the lead magnet also will be really, really good for is you can go through and do a magic hat to all these girls as well. So it's like, just because we're not necessarily getting, again, I think if we can get this right, you should get a good amount of calls from that as well. But just because we're not right now doesn't mean that they're just lost leads forever. We can always come back and magic hat this and be like, hey, I do a random giveaway for anyone that's downloaded the goals, error, ebook, and it must be your lucky day you've won $500 to put towards coaching.
Meg Tovey: Yep.
Kyle Musca: So let's do that. That's what I'll do. I'll get that set up and up and running. Hopefully that brings in better quality leads on that behalf.
Meg Tovey: I also was wondering with the challenge, what script the setter should be following? Like, is it just our normal direct script or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. It's, I love the challenge. Yeah, I wouldn't even say that. I don't say that. It just continues week on week. I mean, they'll figure it out.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, I just say like six-month challenge, three-month challenge, winner, there's a $7,000 worth of prizes to be won. I'm even going to throw in a guarantee. Like if you, you know, follow the program I build for you and you don't get results you're absolutely stoked with, I'll give you a full refund. So, you know, worst case comes to worst. You know, you don't pay any, I say $500 richer as well. So you don't pay anything, any $500 richer. Best case, you get in the best shape of your life and you're, you know, $7,000 richer.
Meg Tovey: Wait, where's the $7,000 coming from?
Kyle Musca: That's the prize, Paul. wouldn't say you're $7,000 richer, but like, you know, you got, best case, you know, win the challenge. Do you have a grand prize? It's always good to slap a grand, like obviously the $7,000 in prizes to be won, for example, but my grand prize.
Meg Tovey: Prize was the winner. I'll pay for flights to Bali for. I can make it whatever because I haven't thought about it.
Kyle Musca: I just spilled the scripts.
Meg Tovey: Well, I thought about it, but I was like, okay, six months coaching is $3,400 or I could say it's $3,900 and then like however many extra $500 vouchers to get up to. But like does someone who's just done six months really want to do another six months?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I wouldn't go in with that as the grand prize.
Meg Tovey: It's just hard to pick a prize that like would be enticing for everyone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, here's the thing because you didn't market it in the script. I wouldn't necessarily go too crazy with the prize now, but I would have a prize to give away.
Meg Tovey: It could still be like a weekend getaway to the value of something or is that too? Thank you. Thank
Kyle Musca: Whatever that is, and that's valued at, you know, you could say $2,000 or whatever. And then what ends up happening is second and third place, they get an extra three or an extra six months of coaching absolutely free. You could also tie that in because apparently, you know, they're not going to know. You could also tie that in as like you get a week and get away plus an extra three months of coaching, six months of coaching absolutely free. So you like doing double bundle. So it sounds like it's more value. Second and third prize get, you know, three months of extra coaching. Um, and, you know, X, Y, Z.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And anyone who loses, you know, more than 10 kilos of weight or something like that, um, gets $500 voucher to take off to put directly towards coaching.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It was actually a lot more than $7,000 worth of prizes.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, I don't think people will really ask that we focused on the grand prize.
Meg Tovey: That's what we kind of want to draw the attention to. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I would like to do while we're on many chats is just review your actual conversations because they should also be probably booking in a few calls. So a bit weird, but again, I'd keep this in that pocket because they've just told you they lose motivation. So if they start ghosting and replying, it's because they've lost motivation.
Meg Tovey: Who are these people?
Kyle Musca: These are your qualified leads.
Meg Tovey: Who are the people? Oh, right, the direct ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, see, they're all  Indian names. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: So something like this, like this conversation went well, but then again, this is hard to kind of train the sitters on what to do. And I'll probably even encourage them to just sort of send you a screenshot so you can reply. It's like, I'll get back to you on that one. So I've got a few appointments this week. Well, it's like, we'll just  book it when you don't have an appointment.
Meg Tovey: You know what mean? And like, yeah, it's kind of giving to me, like someone who doesn't want to say, oh, no, thanks.
Kyle Musca: To me, again, staying motivated, suffered depression. These are people that struggle with accountability and they're using excuses so they don't have to, you know, take that step.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah, even for that, I know you said you struggle with motivation, depression. And like, to be honest, I see. That stop girls from taking, you know, that first step. So how about we line up a time for, you know, when you don't have an appointment this week so we can have a proper chat and see if we can get you moving in the right direction. Something like that, always just throw in like, you know, success loves speed. You know, I don't want to push this off because then it never gets done. This is something I would probably chat to your setters about. Again, it's going to be hard to, I mean, not really if you train the right setter and they get used to it, but your girls specifically, they're very overweight women, which means that they more than likely struggle heavily with accountability and making excuses to themselves. So a lot of these girls are probably going to try and, you know, convince themselves why they shouldn't do it after they've just told you exactly, like, you kind of know that's coming when they say something like that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. That's our client.
Kyle Musca: And we don't want be pushy with it or anything like that, but. They all kind of said the same thing as well.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Like, she's kind of said, actually, if you scroll up, down, wanting motivation slash more fruit ideas, and then the setter has actually said, what do you feel has been the hardest part for you later, lately? So, yeah, she does need to make it more specific to what they've already said.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. I'll probably follow this up. You just seem to have tracked  Indians, though.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I feel like it's the targeting. It's been like kind of...
Kyle Musca: The job titles, again, it's because they  messaged through. I'm almost, almost, almost tempted to say, like, what nationality. But, like, if this isn't happening with your other female coaching clients, what is the thing that I'm doing wrong? No, it does. Everyone, every marketer struggles with Indians.
Meg Tovey: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Depends on, like, if it's crazy enough problem, it's like...
Meg Tovey: But also, like, I have signed a lot of the, like, most of the Indians that have got on the calls, I've signed up.
Kyle Musca: Here's the thing.
Meg Tovey: We just don't  want Indians because they're just, like, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: We could... could... We could look at putting it in the many chat as a, you know, again, we just have to figure out how we ask it. You know what I mean? Like we work with, you know, different women with different cultures, just so I can understand how to approach your journey, what nationality are from? Or like, you know, what's your cultural background or something like that?
Meg Tovey: But like, it wouldn't really change anything because what would we do with that information that we're not already currently doing?
Kyle Musca: We would just slap the conversion API on Australians.
Meg Tovey: Oh, got you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like you'd still conversate with them. You'd still , you know, see, you know, it's not like just because we're Indian, we're not going to, you know, take a call with them or anything like that. Still conversate with them, but we just don't want the targeting to be like  going ham on Indians if we can try and avoid it. But it's just like, how do you ask that question without coming across as racist, essentially? But that's not a bad way of asking. Like I work with different women. I'm in with different cultural backgrounds and the approaches are very different, just so I can understand how to best approach your weight loss journey. What's your, you know, cultural background or something like that?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Is that excessive?
Kyle Musca: I mean, no, not really. Like Bree tried to do it with the vegetarian thing. I still think, you know, because a lot of Indians are vegetarian.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, if you're going to do it, I think just rip the band-aid off and just  basically ask.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, because we, all of the Indians we've signed aren't vegetarian. They all, like, eat a lot of, they eat a lot of veggie stuff, but, yeah. That's not the biggest problem anyway, I don't think.
Kyle Musca: No, but it is a problem and it's a consistent problem. So, I mean, completely up to you whether or not you want to add it. It's just food for thought. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. If busy with, you know, working kids and stuff and she struggles with consistency, she just keeps pushing it off. know, instead of she'll just be like, hey, you know, you know, it sounds like you're really hectic. Being a mom and work, I do have to ask you, you know, like, realistically, when are things actually going to calm down? We work with women that, you know, we work with single mothers with three plus kids working full time. It's exactly what we help with. You know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, this is where having a good set of that you're confident in comes into play. But I think- They are very good at, like, taking feedback on. I just need to give them the feedback. Yeah. Like, they're doing good in terms of not being pushy and everything when someone says something like that. But it's like, you're experiencing it a lot. And again, you're dealing with women that are just  terrible with accountability.
Meg Tovey: So it's like Like you need to kind of pull them back into line a little bit. Yeah. And just don't know how to like give her like an if X, do Y kind of framework.
Kyle Musca: I would honestly, I would get them to start saying anytime they experience something like that, send it to you so you can respond personally and then start building out in your set of sheet objection handles for that type of question.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Um, I know you said you struggle with, so I've got accountability and motivation are the kind of the two ones that I get them to like push more on or I can initially.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Any other words that would be kind of red flag words?
Kyle Musca: I'm too busy right now. Like that girl said before, too busy right now, but it's like, you've got two kids and working full time. When the  is that going to change over the next 20 years?
Meg Tovey: You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, landscaping.
Meg Tovey: Ray Connellini.
Kyle Musca: So this got right to the call. Project manager as well, which is good.
Meg Tovey: I can send her a voice note.
Kyle Musca: She gave a good meaty response here. Yeah, I'll definitely try and get onto this. Is this a friend? Client.
Meg Tovey: Client now.
Kyle Musca: Cool. The other thing as well that I recently did is get your, either your setter or like a VA or something like that. Go into, um, your, or your clients that you've signed through. Grab their email, chuck it into this, and then you sometimes have to get rid of like the .com or, you know, whatever the email thing is because then otherwise if someone else said, you know, Outlook.com, everyone who's ever said Outlook.com will show up.
Meg Tovey: So you just do like their first, whatever the first part is in the at of their email.
Kyle Musca: So it shows up as the, what they said because everyone sends like their email through this book to call and became a client. And then I built out of this massive document. So I did 50 conversations.
Meg Tovey: Wait, sorry. How do I, so I'm just searching the person's, the first part of their email before the at sign.
Kyle Musca: Yes.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: With the at, with the at. So if mine's Kyle underscore Musca at Outlook.com, it would just be Kyle underscore Musca at.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, and then just, uh, I, I copy the entire conversation, put it to Jatchi Petit and just say, all I want is the exact conversation. So me and then prospect and then me, um, without all the other  in it. And then I just copied, I've got the operations manager, copy all this into this document. One, this helps to train, like you can upload this into the AI, so it like understands what good conversations actually look like. And two, it's great, there's heaps of stuff you can do. So for one, what I want to do is go and copy all this into an AI and basically say like, build me a client avatar based around all these conversations.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. I've done that before, actually, when the early, early days before we started, when there was, they were not giving enough, like not being able to recognize the, when they weren't mirroring the like length of the other person's thing. So I did like, I did like maybe four of the people that booked calls versus the ones that didn't get onto calls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. This is the other thing. So the reason I did this as well is because I'm about to onboard a bunch of new internal setters. So it's really good for like, if you need a new setter on, you can just like. I've sent them this document. Basically, if I read through this, I want you to really understand the tonality and understand how conversation should go.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's pretty flexible. It's pretty cool. Did you talk to this girl? She seemed to look at her call.
Meg Tovey: Oh, my God. Yeah, that was that  loser that I told you about last week. That was, like, a full 75-minute waste of time.
Kyle Musca: Another Indian. Honestly, for you, if you can find a way to put that cultural question in to your mini chat, it's probably not a bad idea. We want to try and get away from them.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This was also – she did actually reply, but no one got back to her.
Meg Tovey: What's that name? Oh, drinks. Thanks. Thanks. I can't search it.
Kyle Musca: Jan, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Oh.
Kyle Musca: Another Indian. They're just time wasters, man. yeah, some actually buy Indian.
Meg Tovey: But yeah, even the ones I buy, could I just, could you just jump on that Asian one so I can just write the actual handle down? Jean, double N, double T. Yeah. Yeah, like even the ones that sign up, like they just, I don't really want my coaches to have to work with people that they're not going to just like also enjoy working with.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. To be fair, you know, if someone's going to  you with a racist, it's like, well, one, I'd still work with Indians if they're not going to  me around. But if Indians didn't want me to have to segregate them from my marketing, then they should stop being such . having
Meg Tovey: It would be easy to just say it's about the meal plans.
Kyle Musca: I would just say like, yeah, different approaches based off cultural backgrounds. Like something like, again, come up with your own, whatever you feel is going to be the best sort of wording for it. But I mean, it's definitely not a bad idea because you get a lot of them and you've consistently got a lot of them since we pretty much started.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: When do you head off again at the end of this week?
Meg Tovey: Friday, yeah.
Kyle Musca: How long have gone for?
Meg Tovey: I'm back Monday week.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. That's not crazy. Do you want to dial things right back down for that time period?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I think turn all ads off for the one week. And then are we restarting with the challenge stuff or how are we doing?
Kyle Musca: What I reckon we do. do. What is, are you going to add this, let me know, are you going to add this cultural thing in?
Meg Tovey: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. In that case, what I reckon we do is we'll just start completely fresh with completely new campaigns. For the lead magnets, we'll do job title target audience, bringing better quality leads there. We'll keep the job title target audience for the direct response stuff. But if you add that new many chat in where you have to do the cultural background separation, it should refine the targeting. Again, we want to get well away from the union. So essentially, we want to refresh the entire targeting pool.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Okay. I'm a bit confused with the exact plan of attack for what I need to do, but I need to jump on a console.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: Wait, do I? I thought I had one, but now I'm looking at my spreadsheet and there's no one in there for now.


>>> 107/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-25T06:44:10Z | id:125113791
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How you going?
Callum Hinze: Hey, good. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good.
Callum Hinze: Good. How's things? I just realized as I was about to jump on that I forgot to fill out the job form thing for the week. Sorry about that.
Kyle Musca: No, that's all good. That's all good. Is the CEO dashboard up to date?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's all good to go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that will give us the information we need. Let's share my screen real quick. How has this week gone overall?
Callum Hinze: Good this week. It's funny. Like, it's like on and off weeks. Like, I think a fortnight ago we chatted and it was a big week in sales. Or did I cut out? Can you hear me?
Kyle Musca: Oh, I think. Yeah, yeah.
Callum Hinze: We're good now. I'll go back. You know, it's funny. Like, two weeks ago was a big week in sales. Last week was kind of quiet. And then this week's been back doing well again. So it's just back and forth. But so far, so good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was, let get rid of this, this, that, that, that, keep that and come back to it later. Seems like we've definitely found some winning ads for you now. So as long as they keep the numbers up, then we'll be pumping, especially getting the new ads that you're going to hopefully film when you said today or tomorrow. Yeah, that But these video ads, pumping for us at the moment. So when all my stuff eventually loads.
Callum Hinze: I really liked how they turned out. So I'm glad they're translating too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So basically they were all. Slow, what's going on here? You can see as well.
Callum Hinze: There we go.
Kyle Musca: So we had these three. And this has had 250 bucks spent on it. So these seem to be doing really, really well anyway. So I was like, you know, this is trying to spend heaps on it. We might as well just turn it off, funnel that, those funds towards the ones that are, you know, have pulled through that data and are doing well on their site. And then once we come into the graphics, same graphic that's been pulling through for us pretty hard, and that's doing very, very well on that front run.
Callum Hinze: Which one was that? That was the one of me just sort of standing out the balcony, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's the...
Callum Hinze: The real basic one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, again, it's what we've kind of been speaking about. It's the one in terms of the ultimate messaging. It's the one that is more so goal-orientated and has a few more physical attributes in it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm looking for eight guys ready to finally look strong, lean, and confident. I want abs they can actually see. I want to body the... Commands respect and ready to back themselves to put in the work. Again, I think that's going to be our bread and butter moving forward.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So how many, so just a heads up as well, this calculation will do it off this, the many chat. So if we come into your many chat.
Callum Hinze: Oh, I'll think again.
Kyle Musca: No, in terms of, it won't count the dial thing because that wouldn't have come through as a lead. Yeah. But it wouldn't have come through on the meta side of things anyway. So it's like, it would, it would be consistent across both. What we'll do here is. Build a turn qualified. No, that's not what we wanted. Touch. The other thing we've got to be a bit cautious of here as well is. Is. Is. If we want to do total ad spend or just ad spend for direct, because as you can see, we've still spent a considerable amount on the lead magnets, which essentially means what you might even want to do here actually is, do you do this or do you have an operations manager or VA or something? Yeah. What you might even want to do is just have a duplicate. So one for direct response and one for lead magnets. So we're to separate the data a little bit more clearly because one, like you can see the spends here is higher because it's combining both. So it's combining both leads, but then like all the conversion ratios will be dropping and it will skew the data. Whereas if we can see direct response versus lead magnet, we'll be able to clearly obviously see the difference and see what's more worthwhile investing into long-term.
Callum Hinze: welcome. So,
Kyle Musca: So what we'll do is, qualified, qualified leads, system field subscribed after, is this period here from the 13th to the 23rd?
Callum Hinze: Yes. 15th to 23rd. I think Sunday to Sunday.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Subscribed before.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, 15th.
Kyle Musca: To the, a full seven days or just the full six days?
Callum Hinze: I went Sunday to Sunday.
Kyle Musca: okay. 23. Yeah. So, see, yeah, that's going to throw it off heaps because here we've got 23 leads, which would be inconsistent. Yeah. Where was that week where you got like seven new clients?
Callum Hinze: That was the last, the week before. There was a lot of organics that week. So I think the week of the 13th, it was.
Kyle Musca: The week, that one?
Callum Hinze: That one, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Callum Hinze: I think we had like four organic signs and sign-ups that week.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Callum Hinze: Or five.
Kyle Musca: That Total roof. Oh, yeah. Did you have any organic sign-ups this week?
Callum Hinze: Nah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. Cool. So, yeah. If we can get, and those are good. mean, if we even got that to three, and yeah, we did another 2K, that would have increased that to, if we do 5,900. Yeah. So everything's looking healthy. If we can just get more sales across the line, then we're golden.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Well, this week's already been three, I think three within one day, which is much better than last week.
Kyle Musca: From ads?
Callum Hinze: Yes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, cool. So looks like we're getting some winning ads coming through now, which is fantastic. I mean, they've kind of been picking up ever since back early Feb, but we've kind of identified, especially the new video ads, if they pull through for us well, then we're really good. One thing I want to look at for you here, have you gotten much calls off the lead magnet?
Callum Hinze: No, there's only one and he cancelled it. So not really. Plenty of messages on it, but not many really following through.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so... Okay, so... so... It's so slow. So, how are you finding the setters conversating in your DMs, by the way? Have you checked it?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I haven't checked all of them, but from what I've seen, they've been all relatively all right.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Callum Hinze: I just find the lead magnet one, a lot of them just want to program and they get out of it.
Kyle Musca: So have we gone over the updated lead magnet script?
Callum Hinze: I've got them on it. The one that you sent through, I think, a couple of weeks back, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, because that was phrased, not how it should be phrased. Where did I update that? So essentially, I would change this to be more so, instead of prompting the idea of... I don't know if I'd say biggest pain point. Okay. Okay. See how it goes. It'll work a if you put more. You're in nutrition slash training while trying to gain some mass. What is it specifically that you feel like you've been struggling with? If that makes sense, does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So just to get into the conversation a little bit faster, so you just can take that out and just get straight into it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, the conversations are pretty decent, to be fair.
Callum Hinze: I'm surprised you haven't booked more calls. Yeah. See how you ask at the end, he's like, oh, is it free? I get a lot of people asking that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Get out of there.
Kyle Musca: If they ask for it, what I would probably do in that situation is if they ask if it's free, I'd be like, the guys I work with directly with coaching isn't free, but, you know, the call itself is free. I'm happy to give a bit more direction.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because, again, like, you want to have that conversation with them on the phone.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, of course. to have that conversation with you. Thank
Kyle Musca: Fathom empcoaching. You know, working well. Maybe even like, I've maybe even like, remove this section. A lot of guys I've worked with who did fly-on-fly usually struggle with managing it all while juggling the workload. yeah because Once we cleaned that up and had some structure and accountability, difference was night and day. So that, to me, reading it back now kind of leads to the idea of coaching, if that makes sense, which we don't really want to push on them just yet.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So maybe remove that section of it as well. Sounds like you've been putting in the work. Just haven't, just haven't really seen the results to, it. Juggling the workload, get rid of that. Get it sorted. Juggling the get A little bit tricky to get full insight into everything you're doing over DMs, but if you're keen, I'm happy to line up a quick call, dive into things deeper. Hello, Tuesday, Tuesday. Thank you. What I would also say is in here. Whatever you tried to fix it, training plans, diets, anything like that, okay. Thank you. Oh, so this guy I'd probably follow up with.
Callum Hinze: What time was that last message?
Kyle Musca: 18th of Feb.
Callum Hinze: Oh, wow. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Carpenter, okay, yeah. Cool. I mean, the dudes seem good. So the other thing here... I mean, I'm sorry, but sorry. So other thing here... you. Yeah, see, you've gotten to the booking stage a fair few times, the concept just sort of  ghosted after that point. Thank you. Deeper to give you a bit more clarity moving forward, yeah. Yeah, cool. So a few subtle changes there. Yeah, and then in your one, I would probably just this part, essentially just cut this out and just go straight into a personalised response. What was your weekly rev for the last seven days as well, by the way?
Callum Hinze: 12, I think it was last week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's pretty good. That's climbing nicely.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, averaging, the average used to be around nine, but I think the average weekly now. Oh, it's, what is the average weekly? Yeah, it's definitely climbing though, regardless. Average weekly is 13 now, when it was 99 a few months back, so, climbing.
Kyle Musca: So I reckon we just get rid of all this. Stage one. Hi, bro. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Download the name of resource. That'll jump in. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, cool. So I can just tweak it to this script a little bit. Otherwise, I mean, it's bringing in like the right type of leads and stuff like that. So if can get them on calls and stuff, we should be pretty good there. So what I'll also do is I'll do a little bit more research into sort of lead magnets and everything like that, see if there's anything we can like tweak and refine in it. And then, yeah, just sort of implement as we go. But it's pulling in, you know, a really good cost per lead. So if we can get it to convert, then the world's our oyster.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, it's definitely the most common DM trigger I see are the ones off that. So it's, yeah, just converting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. The other thing as well we could try, bro, is. Because we just got the, like, organic style vids, which is working really well.
Callum Hinze: But I reckon try and get some graphics for it, if possible. Yep. Just similar ones that were working the best.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So did I show you what Meg uses for hers?
Callum Hinze: No.
Kyle Musca: No. No.
Callum Hinze: No. No. No. You
Kyle Musca: It needs to restart, I think. Oh, mate. What are you doing? Literally, there's not even an option to click. How did that come up? Oh, that's how. Awesome. So something like this. So you can do it kind of how like the organic ones look. And then she obviously just added the little screenshot of the actual front image. Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Is it just like the program?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just the cover, cover page essentially.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. She did different versions though. So she did like a few like that, where it's like the photo and some wording and then the photo. The actual thing. But there's other ones where it's like, that's just the main page, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It looks good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just nice and clean.
Callum Hinze: Nice and simple. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then there's a few other ones she did. things too slow at loading. Yeah. Don't need a crazy amount. Maybe like... What 8 to 10 would do, I reckon.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You could also do what I did as well, where it was like just literally the screenshot of the front page and that was all it was, where it was just like DME program.
Callum Hinze: It was just the image of the front page, that's it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I don't know why this is so slow. They're like, it's never this. Come on, brother. Come on. Come Come on. Thank you. So something like this is all I did for it.
Callum Hinze: That's simple as.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'll send you that because.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that'd be, that's so easy to do. Why don't you remember what mine looked like? I can't even remember what they did.
Kyle Musca: I raced up my computer, it's struggling hard. Perfect. That performed really, really well for me when I am.
Callum Hinze: Okay. It was so simple. It's always the nice simple stuff that was the best thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. The other thing as well, when you, we'll get this to, we'll get, we'll figure this out once you've actually filmed the videos. But one thing I've been really doing for myself and a couple of other people that's been working really well is like looking at the full video and then just looking at like parts you can cut out that, still make it make sense. So it's like, if it goes for, you know, a minute or a minute 30, trying to cut it out. So it goes down to like 45 seconds or 30 seconds, just to test different video lengths.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Otherwise, bro, things are doing well for us at the moment. So, you know, we're getting plenty of sales across the line and we've got some winning ads coming through, then we just need to double down on what's working. And the same process, just trying to get this lead magnet stuff to just get more people. We've had plenty of conversations, so I'm just trying to figure out how we can actually convert them and get them actually on calls, and if we can do that, then we're in a very good position.
Callum Hinze: Sweet, happy days, happy days. Well, I'll get those things filmed this week. I hope that's sorted, but...
Kyle Musca: Yep, sick, man. Is there anything else that you want to touch base on at all?
Callum Hinze: I don't think so. I think it's pretty straightforward, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome, bro. Cool, man. If you do need me for anything, just feel free to sing out.
Callum Hinze: Yes, thank you again for that. I'll send that new script through as well for the DM thing. See how we go.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome, bro. I will chat to you very soon.
Callum Hinze: Beautiful. Thanks again.
Kyle Musca: No worries. Cheers. Bye. See you soon.


>>> 108/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-25T09:15:51Z | id:125127255
People: Kyle Musca

Arran Humphreys: You're getting it in month free. Oh,  it. I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, yes, Scott. In future, man, I would just give him  one option, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I was just scared, bro, because I was like, , no  , no  can do it. But now I'm like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You should have sold him  three months for two grand.
Arran Humphreys: , that was sick, man. I'm stoked.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Man, sales is like crack. You make a few good sales, and you're  over the moon.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. When it's all crashing down, you're like, God, I'm going calm down.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, literally. And I remember when I used to do sales, I was like  over the moon one week, and then the next week, I'd be  super depressed.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Crashing out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, bro. Awesome. Well, how is the rest of this week on besides that?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, good, bro. Well, I closed another lad this morning. to a I'm I'm not going Ad as well. It just seemed like we're getting better quality coming through the ads now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what will happen there, man, is one, at the start, like, there's a bit of a trial and error period, you know what mean? Like, we see, we get everything up, we see what works, hopefully it just rips from the start, but like, you know, that's where coming into, like, culling off losers and sort of scaling winners comes into play. But, like, if we have a look at things, you know, right now, real quick, your ads seem to have, like, all really started to pull through who we need to, who we need to look at. This is slow as  before, so hopefully it's fixed itself.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, we also got a lead off one of those new ads already.
Kyle Musca: Oh,  yeah. In terms of a call.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sick. I only turned them on this morning, so that's good.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we got your graphics and it's this one graphic that's going hard for us, 42, which is great.
Arran Humphreys: Heaps of  coming through that one, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's why we get so many different creatives because it's like, you know, we want to test them all, but it's like, we just want to find this one winning one. And then it's like, let that one just, as you can see here, like 600 bucks has been spent on it and all went towards that one. So I was like, let that one just  rip, like, go ahead, brother. Same with the videos. So I turned that one off. That was pulling too much, but man, you've got, let's see I'm outspent. This one's pulling through at 26, which is  awesome. That one pulled through at two, which is also awesome. So those are looking really good, really good, really healthy. See how they go there. Haven't had heaps to spend on To be fair. So yeah, who knows? But overall, those are really good. And that's actually the shorter one as well.
Arran Humphreys: Those two. yeah. Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. So that definitely comes into play quite a lot, which is fantastic. Have you filled out the CEO dashboard, bro?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, I have. I can bring it up if you want.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful.
Arran Humphreys: So this, yeah, so this is like from Monday to now, that week four. So this is doing, that's like the end of the week. Does that make sense? So the work, week one's first to the eighth, week two's eighth to the 15th. That's correct, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, so it's the previous week. So this is the 20, this is the period from the 22nd to the 29th, then?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just said, so it's only a couple of days, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So lead costs us down heaps. That's  awesome. Good cause book. I want to go through Nadine's conversations because have you had a chance to look at them?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I've been,  man, all the ones I've seen, she's doing really good. She made one mistake the other day. She like threw the, he asked what's the cost and then she just gave him like, if you can afford 95, like the low income one. So I just, I just pulled her up, like said, if they ask for the cost, like try and not say that in case it turns them off. But other than that, man, she's been going hectic. One dude was like, like I, he, he, his sister went to school with me and . And she's like, yeah, like I remember that.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, . That's so funny. I don't know, as long as she did it well. If she did that well, like, and it sounded like you and everything, you're happy with it, man, that's  exactly what you want. Okay. Is the one call just because you haven't taken the rest?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, the rest haven't happened yet. I didn't have any booked and that was all yesterday. And then I was supposed, I had three booked today. So now that's two. had one no show today.
Kyle Musca: I mean, that's still pretty decent numbers. So three, so you're taking three so far.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. And two of them have been closed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. then two closed. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. So looking  great numbers there, man. That's without the paid in fulls and the close this morning.
Arran Humphreys: So this morning he did 250 today and then he's got 1250 coming out next Wednesday. Yeah. Yeah. Um... See He just  didn't. He gets paid monthly, you reckon. So I've got it ready to pull out the $1,250. I set up the Nui. And then our mate, Scott, he just did $2,500, paid in full just then.
Kyle Musca: So, sorry, he paid $2,500.
Arran Humphreys: What was the contract value he went on? $1,500, this other fellow.
Kyle Musca: And he already paid $2,500, so $125 left?
Arran Humphreys: Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: So that would be $2,500 there, $2,500, I? Retarded. That's right, yeah, $1,250.
Arran Humphreys: Yep, beautiful. Well, wait, would it be? No, that, so he paid me $250.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: And then he's got, oh, yeah, yeah, $1,250 in future.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so $250 total. So $5,500 so far already, and we're at $16.8. So that's pretty good. That would be obviously.
Arran Humphreys: Wait, so half. I don't understand how, so the future revenue, that's like what I'm going to get in the future.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like if he paid $250,000 and he's going to pay, you know, his contract value is $1,500, then it's like he just mines that $250,000 off of $1,500, so in the future he'll pay another $1,250,000 total.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so, so, um, why is it at $2,500,000?
Kyle Musca: Because he already had $1,250,000 there.
Arran Humphreys: No, no, that's from him, that's from him.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, right, right, right.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I updated that this morning after the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, right, okay, gotcha, gotcha, that makes sense. Yeah, so we're sitting at $13,000, that would probably be a little bit higher now to be fair, but not too much higher than that. Um, so man, on track already this week, um, it's looking  beachy for us.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, well, sitting, we'll, we'll crack 50, we'll crack 30k this month, bro, because I've got bulk. We're reoccurring and we're sitting at 27,500.
Kyle Musca: yeah, dude, that's so sick.
Arran Humphreys: Seemingly hit 20,000 in December.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man, that's... You'll usually find, man, like with business growth and everything like that, you'll go through a period where it's just like  exponential and then you'll probably like sit at a point, like obviously we're going to continue to work on things so we can break past these points, but you'll usually find it's like exponential and then you can kind of like plateau a little bit. And then it's exponential again after a while. Yeah. mean, if you're in a plateau period, it feels  terrible. But yeah, no, ideally we want to keep pushing this  so it's exponential. Yeah. Beautiful. So one thing I wanted to quickly touch on you here, I don't want to like spend too much.
Arran Humphreys: Is there anything that you want to cover on this call, by the way? Not really. I did, I filled out that check-in form. There wasn't much. I think there might. I just put some notes on there that I may want to talk about, but it was nothing really, nothing crazy.
Kyle Musca: So we'll come into this, bro. Oh, yeah, you got some reaction ones in there as well. When did you put those reactions? Oh, yeah, no, they're in here. Cool. I gave my media by to set these up.
Arran Humphreys: The  it is.
Kyle Musca: You could have, like, copy and paste everything and, like, redo it every single time or something like that. Um, cool. So one thing is just kind of the- is my boy, Harry. Harry works on site. That's 12-hour days. And he came to me feeling like it was impossible to drop the weight. He tried everything under the sun. The gimmicks, the fancy diets, nothing seemed to work. 12 weeks later, he dropped his first 10 kg. In six months' time, we dropped a total of 37 kg. He's a completely different bloke. If you think you're an exception, I'm about to change your life. Here's what I've learned after coaching. So if you're watching this thinking you're the one bloke that this won't work for, and you actually put in the work, I guarantee it will. Yeah, that  dude copying my ad. And I was sitting there, I was like, I  swear I have said this word for word before. If you're anything like my client, Ty, you tried to pack on that first 10 KPGs time and time again. You prepped your meals on Monday, by Saturday. The only thing I would say here is, see how you kind of like slow the sentence down a little bit? I'll try and work on like getting, like you want the flow of the video to be like quite fast plays to keep them engaged. And then you, the way I think of it is like for the non-important stuff, don't like speed run it and say it really  fast, but like kind of speed up your pacing and tonality a little bit, and then just slow down and emphasize on the certain things that you want to emphasize.
Arran Humphreys: If that makes sense. Like the pain point sort of things.
Kyle Musca: the�? go. time left? from Here Yeah, just so if you really think about my client, Ty, try to pack. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Like sort of like on the sales call, like when you're trying to hit them a bit. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So sales calls and especially ad videos are like pretty hand in hand in terms of like same tonalities, not same tonalities, but like using the same tonality tactics, if that makes sense. Yeah. It's still emotional. It's emotional persuasion is what it's called. So it's like the same on a sales call, which is direct, whereas when we're doing marketing, we're talking to a larger audience.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay, great. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Gone that first 10K Gs time and time again. If you're anything like my client, Ty, you tried to pack on that first 10K Gs time and time again. You prep your meals on Monday. By Saturday, you're carting deep in beers. Yeah. You prep your meals on Saturday. You prep your meals on Sunday, and then I'll probably even stop. You prep your meals on Sunday, then by Monday, wait, is it the opposite way around? Prep your meals on Monday, by Saturday, you're a carton deep in beers. You prep your meals on Monday, then by Sunday, then by Monday, you're a carton, you're an elbow, , holy , you're elbow deep in a carton of beers.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, yeah, I get it, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I'd, oh, sorry.
Arran Humphreys: It's just a bit more engaging, too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, you kind of want to, everyone's going to have their own tonality, which is, I'm trying to be cautious of telling you to not do, like, what I do, for example, because you're going to have your own way to do it. You want to think about, like, get through the video as quick as possible without rushing it, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man, like, you just want to, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: I get what you mean.
Kyle Musca: So I came to me, and then I usually, like, same as sales calls. Try and round down. On the end of what you say, like Australians have, and I've been guilty of this, Australian women specifically, but Australians in general, our accent just naturally rounds up at the end of sentences, right? And that gives it, it phrases it more of like a question type of tone. Whereas like when we're trying to speak from an authoritative tone, we want to round down, like Americans round down, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, it's like beers, it's beers. Yeah, round it down anyway, but like, you know mean?
Kyle Musca: Enough was enough. He really wanted to make the change. 12 weeks later, we've got 10 kilos on. That was a little bit of a delay there. 12 weeks later, we've got 10 kilos on his frame. That frame, he's feeling like a brand new man, but his confidence is skyrocketed. 10 weeks later, he's got 10 extra kilos on his frame. He feels like a brand new man, and his confidence is absolutely skyrocketed.
Arran Humphreys: That's how I would say it. Yeah, I would say it exactly like that. I guess. Like come across quicker. Yeah. I definitely, I can definitely improve on that. Yeah. In probably most of my content really actually. So yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm just like, it's always for me, it's like cut the fat, you know, make the video as engaging straight. Like, again, you're going to have your own way to go about this, but like mine is very like straight to the point. Any like gaps, I want them removed. Like I don't want any dead sound or any dead space in the video.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That sounds like something you want. And that's probably like, for me, it's a bit of a detriment because like, and I've had to pull this back a lot is I would end up speaking a little bit too fast.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So you want to, so that's why I say like do it as fast as possible without rushing it.
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And I usually find if you're  like really tripping over your tongue and you can't like pronounce certain words and that's not coming out properly, you're probably doing a little bit fast.
Arran Humphreys: Too quick. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This is for you. Here's what I've learned after coaching hundreds of men in the trade industry. They all have the same problem. They thought the work hours was the issue. No energy. There's also like one thing I'd really be very conscious about against everything I say for marketing videos pretty much applies to sales goals. Very conscious of body language and facial expression because that's going to be the biggest subconscious way someone responds to you, right? For example, like right now, you're sort of like in this video, kind of like leaning back in a little bit more of a relaxed sort of state. Yeah. Whereas like if you're trying to be authoritative and you'll see this in my videos, I'm always like leaning forward or at the very least sort of upright.
Arran Humphreys: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also feels a little bit more like comfortable because I find like heavily on sales calls, again with marketing, is so it's 7% what you say, 38% how you say it. So the tonality and everything. And then it's 55% facial expression and body language in terms of how. persuasive you're going to be, right? Now, I found that in terms of tonality, to really nail the tonality, you have to have the body language and facial expression to go with it. Because if I'm relaxed back here and I'm trying to be really authoritative, if you need to lose 10, 20 kilos, this video is for you. You know what I mean? It almost feels like you can do it, but it almost feels a little bit forced, right? But it's like, if I'm upfront and I'm like in this sort of more authoritative, you know, I guess in a way, like a little bit more of a dominant state, it's like, if you're trying to lose 10 to 20 plus kilos, then this video is for you. You know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I definitely get what you mean. Because I make my desk as low, so I might take up the whole screen in my sales videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: So you look bigger in it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And like, even with that as well, like especially on sales calls, one thing I would get into habits, very simple trick is just start mirroring what they do on the actual call, like visually. So like, if you're sitting like that, then I'll kind of match you like that. And then if they go to touch their face, like I'll touch my face in the same way. What that does is it subconsciously, so when someone subconsciously is aligned with your action, sorry, when someone is aligned with your action, your subconscious trusts them more, right? Because they feel like they're more similar to you. So, and they've done studies on this, when people are having really good rapport and really good conversation, even if they're not facing each other and seeing what the other person is doing, their actions will actually align because they're on the same, kind of like a wavelength thing. I don't know if, you know, I guess you could call it a wavelength thing. If you're into that stuff, whatever the case is. And then if people are arguing in the same circumstances, their language and expressions will be completely different.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, for example, if someone leans back in a call, then I'll lean back. I mean, like, oh, yeah, don't do it like too , you know, crazy. You you know, overdo it. But, yeah, just simple little things. Someone touches their face, I'll go touch my face. Someone leans forward, I'll lean forward.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sometimes you'll see, like, someone will, like, kind of lean off to the side and go a little bit like that.
Arran Humphreys: I'll do the same thing. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's just a little subconscious here.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No time. And, quite frankly, they just thought it wasn't possible. And, deep down, they knew these were just excuses. Excuses to take away the accountability that, quite frankly, they didn't want to put in the work. See, it's like, it's good because you're emphasizing the right, like, words. But, it's sort of, not in a way. Well, I guess it kind of, like, I don't know if slows the video down is the right wording. But, you know what mean? Like, we want to get them, we want to get them, like, hyped. When they watch this video, they should be, like, yeah, gee it up. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's just a small critique, but other than that.
Arran Humphreys: They came out sick.
Kyle Musca: Okay, sick. Beautiful. What was I going to go into after that? There's another thing I want to review. You know, go on to the job forms anymore.
Arran Humphreys: Also, I had this , man. I could not believe it. There was this Italian fellow. thought it was  weird anyway. Did a sales call in Italy. Couldn't barely understand him. Anyway, I'm thinking, nah, this 's doing something weird. I could see he was looking like he had glasses on and he was going through my account and that. And like, when I went to sell him, he's like, oh, we don't make money, buddy. I was like, oh, whatever, . Like, I don't even know what Italian grocery stores are. And then anyway, he's one of them , bro. Sends me through. I've done a loom video breaking down how to improve your coaching service. And I just went off. I'm like, , you just wasted an hour on my time. I could have had a different sales call because you tried to  sell. Me into fixing my business if I quit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've never had that one, but I would be pissed off as well, man.
Arran Humphreys: I was that, I was livid, bro. I'm like, you did it seriously, you just wasted an hour of my time to do that.
Kyle Musca: That would  make me irate. I would have been like,  pay me for my time.
Arran Humphreys: Bro, I was like, there's no way you just did that. I said, no one is ever going to buy from you, mate, if you just wasted an hour of my time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: You're far quick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Those people are  tired of me. I get so many of my DMs. like, I'm not going to get 200 followers and do not post any content. I'm not, you know, if I don't need you to scale my business for me, brother. So seven calls taken this week, man. These numbers are  good. Yeah. These are really good. How many organics are from us?
Arran Humphreys: Let me have a look. All right. They were.
Kyle Musca: Are you filling out the organic part as well? Yeah, you are. Yeah, beautiful.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. So two of them.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. Okay. So we're getting leads from ads as well as organic, which is great.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, well, the organic's been actually went, organic went really well. Got two videos over 10K last week. The missus's account's been going off its head. So I've been, I've been collabing with her. She's been getting like hundreds of thousands of views.
Kyle Musca: Oh, really?
Arran Humphreys: From these Kmart ones, but she's not getting any inquiries. So I just told her she needs to keep posting on her story and that.
Kyle Musca: So usually with that, man, I find it's a funnel. Usually. I've spoken to a lot of coaches recently. And. And it's usually their funnel.
Arran Humphreys: Because, yeah, she's just kind of just got the same setup as me, just the type form. But.
Kyle Musca: Good. Like that. So I'd remove that.
Arran Humphreys: Get rid of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just because. So every point, every step here.
Arran Humphreys: Friction.
Kyle Musca: Friction. You know what mean? We can have this conversation on the call.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'd also remove this. This is a big one.
Arran Humphreys: Because that's how I reach out to them, but that's the only reason I kept it in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, if they're Australian, you can most of your organics Australian.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the issue with this one, especially Instagram handle, is if they don't know it on Instagram, on your phone, which is where everyone's going to be opening it from, most people don't know the handle off the top of their head. Because they don't. You know, they don't do much for social media. They'll have to click out of this and go back and check and then redo the entire form.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And if someone happens, it's very likely that they won't do that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yes, man. So I would, are you seeing mine?
Arran Humphreys: Nah.
Kyle Musca: Mine is just full name, email, phone, state, age, current work situation.
Arran Humphreys: That's it, bang.
Kyle Musca: Yep. If you're, so I've got conditional logic, which is why it's a dropdown box. You probably don't. What's the use type form? You probably set up on type form. Doesn't really matter. I would probably, if you're going to, if you, I would just do like occupational, let them like manually fill in whatever they're doing.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So conditional logic, if you're not aware, it's like if that clicks in there, we'll take it straight through here. Here you go.
Arran Humphreys: That's something we haven't even thought about with ads. just don't have many girl transformations to pull up. Like, I've got a few girl transformations that are going well. I just don't have heaps, you know.
Kyle Musca: We'll stick with men. We'll get this pumping a little bit more. And then, you know, if we want to let the men cool down a little bit, we can always pivot over into females. Yeah, yeah. We'll quickly check out her page.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, her, if you look at the views on that, she's got these  came up ones going off 185.
Kyle Musca: So, I don't She's the, so why not, if she's not doing the prompt and stuff, I'll do that. I'd also get more tangible with these results. So, the way I think of this is do a big, bold promise, you know what mean? Oh, also, I would very much avoid doing any kind of DM for organic. Okay. I've just found it doesn't, it just doesn't work. Like, people just don't do it. Send them to an application form.
Arran Humphreys: That seems to work way better. Okay. So like link in bio or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if we go to, and then, yeah. So remember what that looks like. I could just create a new  thing. Actually, it's pretty smart. Awesome. And then, you know, I always do like a, you know, basically a title.
Arran Humphreys: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Attract the eye. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then bold, tangible promise. So even in your one.
Arran Humphreys: Oh yeah. I need to do that. I don't need, I don't even do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So she's, you know, women's online fitness coach, fat loss, strength, confidence, coaching link below. It's more so, you know, I'll help you cut and say, let's just keep it with the CTA on the reels right now. I'll help you cut 10 kilos of fat and do the best. The physical shape of your life. Usually I do 10 kilos of fat in like three months or less, like you'll see here. I'll be cut 10, so tangible, 10 kilos in three months or less, get better results if ever thought possible. If you're keen, go apply for coaching.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: The other thing here is I keep mine really simple, right? We don't want it messy. Online coach, clear photo of the profile, good. And then again, big, tangible, bold promise. Helped over 1,000 men, dropped 10 kilos, three months or less. Yeah, okay.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Simple, what the result they're going to get. Because mine's like that, sort of.
Kyle Musca: I find, yeah, get tangible. Like that's a huge thing I've really noticed is like, because people want to know what results they can expect. You know what mean? Like fat loss, strength, confidence is great. Same as yours. I mean, those are good like outcomes and stuff. But it's like, what result can I actually expect if I work with you? you? Yeah, drop 10 kilos. Drop or gain 10 kilos. Yeah. So you've got a bit of tangibleness there.
Arran Humphreys: Helped over 300 men and women. Drop or gain 10 kilos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, you could do something like that. Yeah. So the reason like where a thousand works, or like all saying how many people you've helped is because people like, you know, if a lot of people have done it, must be good, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, if you've got a number to use like that, yeah, fantastic.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: The other thing, bro, is I think you've started to get back into it a bit more, but I would start to come back into the reaction videos.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I've been doing a few, the reactions I've been doing. I've just been doing like two reels a day, so they get rinsed out. But I just find with the reaction, bro, I don't, I'd never get much engagement on them.
Kyle Musca: It's like bad, like a bad piece of content by any means, but Instagram just doesn't push it. You know what mean? Like it just does not  with it at all.
Arran Humphreys: Nah. I have actually tried this. I'm going to start doing them more. Go down a little bit. That one there, got 28K. They've been going off at the moment. So it's just a short clip and then the  motivation thing. But I got bulk followers off it. So I might just, I posted a heap on trial reels and this one went well. So then I just shared it to my account.
Kyle Musca: I think if you post it to trial reels, I think they're added. I'm pretty sure I remember seeing something. If you've already posted it to trial reels, it won't do as well when you post it organically.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Well, I shared this one from the trial reel.
Kyle Musca: It was like shared to your main page. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's, all right, beautiful. Yeah, so essentially, man, I would just find the type of content that does well for you consistently and just  double down on that. You know what mean? So if this does well, pump them. Like who? Yeah, hang around.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Nice.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you know, the shopping market wants to do well. Anybody, you'll have three diced chicken breasts.
Arran Humphreys: Because was a bit different, I think. It was a bit of like a pattern interrupt, like it was a different angle.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, that kind of reminds me of like this guy. Yeah, I think if she cleaned that up and did the CTS properly, she'd give it a lot more.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Like this guy. You've probably seen this guy.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I've seen him. Just different angles and .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I could see you doing something. Gunpoint. I would just walk to the gym and hit chest. Yeah. I can see you doing something pretty similar to this.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? Because you kind of do them in the car and everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And they have done well for you. So they're like, there's merit there. think if you crack the code on what specifically it does well with them, this is where I would really get into the...
Arran Humphreys: It's got to be polarizing. The ones that are polarizing go good for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Polarizing.
Arran Humphreys: I just find it hard to think of ideas that are actually polarizing, you know.
Kyle Musca: I would just come to this guy, honestly, if you're going to do them. He's mastered them really well. You know what's funny is this is the guy that copied James Smith's video, word for word, and James Smith called him out.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And there was heaps of people and  about him.
Arran Humphreys: Did you watch that video I sent you, the two? Where did you send him?
Kyle Musca: Just yeah.
Arran Humphreys: before.
Kyle Musca: Just With, when Doug copied it, if that's his name.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was like watching his on the phone while I was watching the actual video because I was like, I swear I've done this and I like spent  20 minutes trying to find it. And it's like, it plays word for word at the same time. I was like, dude, what the ? And then I messaged him out. I was like, dude, what are you  doing?
Arran Humphreys: And he's like. messaged you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was like, bro, I appreciate the compliment, but if you ever steal one of my hats again, I'll  expose you for plagiarism. I was like, you know, I'm all for sourcing inspo, but taking it word for word is unethical. And basically told him to delete it because, yeah, it literally played, the entire thing played word for word almost. And was like, and then he came back, like, oh, honest mistake, man. I threw a bunch of transcripts into Chachupity or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: I'm  off, mate. Chachupity isn't, I'm going to give you one word for word.
Kyle Musca: Exactly what I said. So, anyway. I saw Sage comment on the video, so I was like, , mate.
Arran Humphreys: I did see that. I just thought, , he's  got it commented on his ads because he copied your ads because he knows that your ads do well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's not the first time he's done it as well. He's done it when I started with Sage.
Arran Humphreys: Really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I don't know, mate. I don't want to  work with you. You know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: With the, with your DX messes and coffee and your , bro.
Kyle Musca: He's . I wonder if he knows about that.
Arran Humphreys: Surely he doesn't know about that.
Kyle Musca: These are other videos. You've got to say. Hey.
Arran Humphreys: I've tried  like that, bro, but like the viral clippy.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: But in terms of these style of videos that are doing well for you, man, you know, I'd come in here and, again, just look at what has done well.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, I go into Bali in a couple of weeks with, we've got this kid coming, just going to film the whole time, me and me, one of my other mates. So I'm just going to try and just get in bulk for organic and just heaps of different  as well. Like in a cool villa, like that video that I did, like just different angles and stuff, double down on that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I would do here as well as if you're going to do that, the biggest thing here is like lighting, I would say. I was like, this is where I'd analyze, like, cause this guy has cracked the code. You know what I mean? And you'll notice it's the same thing every single time. It's dark environment. And. And obviously a front line to make sure that he's really lit up and exposed, and that makes it pop on the thumbnail and the video.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And your physique is, like, just as good as this guy. So I could see, you know, it working really, really well.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And so, and then I would just, again, come and just figure out, like, this guy's really good at being polarizing. Yeah, But, like, without, you know what it is? It's, like, polarizing without coming from, like, a  meathead angle.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, still obviously, like, you know, that meathead to a degree. But, you know what mean? Like, you don't sound like just a dumb bodybuilder type thing.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, something like this. Please, if you're 13, 14, 15, 16, or even any age under 21 right now, then please watch this video. Or save it for a time that you... I probably wouldn't make that video. I'm not going to try.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, the young kids.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't want those  people.
Arran Humphreys: them.
Kyle Musca: Well, please, if you're a 15 or 16-year-old girl or even guy, then watch this video or save it for a time that you need to hear it because it might just save you a lot of time and money like it did for me. You need to stop listening. If you died tonight, your boss would be hiring for your job by the end of the  week and you're worried about taking a sick day or leaving 10 minutes early. You're stressed about what your boss wants while they replace you like that. it. Don't go into it. You know, so I watch that and I'm like, you know, basically the same thing. If you died tonight, by the end of the week, your boss would have a replacement for you. Yeah, every single, you know, yeah, you flog yourself on site and then again, make a trade because you're obviously trying to speak to trade.
Arran Humphreys: It's me.
Kyle Musca: The process on Monday. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you look at the , the 45, the 50-year-old dude who  smokes a packet of cigarettes every day and 40 kilos overweight, and you're promising yourself you never become like that, yet you're doing everything he did at the same age that got him into that position.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's solid, eh?
Kyle Musca: I mean, like, that's just me thinking problem agitation, you know, and then the next pass would be solution. You know mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, just going off that framework. That's what I've got to, I've been, like, just, like, reading over, I'm just getting them sort of in my head, but I'll just have them in front of me when I'm doing  like that, then I'll be able to spin it up, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like, it's the thing that, you know, once you do them, because Bree was the same, I told her to do the same, because if you're good at speaking, if you're good at speaking, it's like, no one is ever going to be able to write a better script than you are, you what And, again, if you can completely eliminate ChatGPT. From it. That's going to be a huge  perk because no one likes chat GPT. I mean, as soon as everyone uses it, but as soon as you can tell something's chat GPT, it's like, I'm keeping scrolling. don't want to watch this . You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I've lost all trust. You know what mean? Yeah. So it's like, you know, just by being authentic, people are going to, you know, you're going to stand out. That's also a skill that I could very much see becoming like extremely rare over the next couple of decades as technology gets more advanced.
Arran Humphreys: It's just being able to actually speak and think for yourself. You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, you know, everyone's going be like, you're a  wizard. It's like, well, I'm just not a retard that uses AI for everything.
Arran Humphreys: I was also going to ask, man, if I should look into like getting like a VA, like to help track all my  in that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Definitely. So VA is  awesome, man. So this is when we're coming to the, I mean, we've already got setters to be fair. But when you come into the world of hiring, you know, People from the Philippines, you know, you're laughing. Like a VA is like, I paid mine like I think five USD an hour. You know what mean? She does all my  data tracking for me, does all my coaches' invoices for me, like all the most tedious  possible.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Because they wouldn't need to even be in my account that long. It would just take a couple hours off a week for me at the moment, which would be good. While I'm still got, while it's just me coaching, you know, I can handle more clients and not have to do that. , have somebody else doing it, which would be good, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. So they're pretty easy. Like VA is a very easy to find. Like there's so many of them out there. You can go, you can go through Charles, but he obviously does the recruiting thing on top of it. So I probably wouldn't because they're like that, that easy to find. I'd probably go on like something like Upwork or something like that for you, man. And then just basically put up a job description and then just like message and interview the people off that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So just to take a bit of time off as well, bro, so I can keep growing the business more, you know, not as much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, like a VA is like, if you've got, especially when you get into the world of ads and stuff like that, and you've, you know, built up a decent clientele base and everything like that. Like in terms of just making sure that all your clients are actively paying and there's no overdue, like payments that have been, you know, overdue for weeks and weeks and weeks on end. And like, she sends out all my failed payment follow-ups and everything like that, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Just like makes your life a little bit, like a lot easier. Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. I mean, I'm probably about to  mine off, to be honest, just because I've gotten to the point where I want more of like an actual operations manager. So they're kind of like essentially my right-hand man. Yeah, my VA is good and she knows exactly what to do, but she's like a little bit, not slow, like she'll get it done. Like if If I ask her today, she'll usually have it done by tomorrow, but I want someone kind of there with me a little bit more, you know, the right-hand man sort of thing. So they can kind of like, for example, if they were to join this call and I go talk about everything and then they  like drop a bit of a game plan or something after. So you can use her.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I don't either.
Kyle Musca: What I'll do is actually, I'll just send you a...
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I might send her a message.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll send you a contact. Because, yeah, she'd be perfect. She knows literally exactly everything to do.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sick.
Kyle Musca: And quickly, bro. Sorry, quickly go through this. New set of going well. Should look getting a VA yet. Anything else we should be implementing? Not right now, man. Again, we just want to work on what's working. You know what I mean? We don't want to... This is a real... Probably a common thing I'm sort of really noticing with a lot of people is they get, you know, very distracted very easily. It's like, you know, figure out what works, double down on what works, don't take your eye off the ball type thing. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. 10K organic video, plan time out better, just new asterisk in Bali in a few weeks. Okay. Yeah, definitely. When are you, what's the day you're going to Bali? Oh, have you frozen?
Arran Humphreys: Sorry about your fries for a bit, if you said anything.
Kyle Musca: What's the day you're going to Bali? The 11th. Oh, yeah, so pretty sure.
Arran Humphreys: couple of weeks.
Kyle Musca: What I'll do then, let me, I don't know, I'll get some more scripts done for you on.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Just something that, then we just got them in the backlog and , you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Because you've got to pay. He's sick-looking Biller and that, so I'll just do a heap of them there.
Kyle Musca: What, um, do you want to keep it broad or do you want to go trade-y stuff?
Arran Humphreys: What do you reckon? Oh, they do seem to be going good.
Kyle Musca: I mean, if you can get it to work, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Well, um, I'll do four.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Two tradies and two broad.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, just because then I've got an idea on, you know, how you would do a broad one and then it's good for me then in the future to be able to do it myself. You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, usually, um, like it's usually pretty much the same wording. It's just like, you know, instead of if you're a trade, it's just like if you're a guy, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Um, so. I can definitely write some of them off. And what I want to do quickly is just power through Nadine's conversations and just proof through them. It sounds like she's doing a  cool job, but actually... Leads. Yes. A few days ago. Is this her? Is this you?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, don't know. That would have been... That's some  real old  that's... That wouldn't have been her, I don't think so.
Kyle Musca: This person?
Arran Humphreys: 11th of Feb. I don't think... No, I don't think that was her. I don't think she was in her account by then.
Kyle Musca: We should be able to... She should have a profile picture.
Arran Humphreys: She should have profile picture. able see her. have profile picture. She She Oh, is that it? Up there? That'll be all of her? With her little face in it?
Kyle Musca: Where are you looking here?
Arran Humphreys: I see you go on the left there.
Kyle Musca: There.
Arran Humphreys: Where those conversations, not see those other conversations.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. What I would also start doing here, bro, is you might even get her to start doing it. I got her to build out that booked call document for me. Do you see that one? So essentially what this is, is I got all the people, like 50 people that have signed up to coaching, and then I got her to go filter through those conversations and copy them all into here. So this document is just every conversation that eventually signed up, or not every, but 50 conversations that have been. Leads and stuff, and you need more hours. I've got a chick working morning in my account as well, so you can, we can plug in a morning person for you.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, cool. At the moment, it's not too bad. The majority come through the afternoon, but if when the mornings, if they start coming a bit more, then I will.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so it seems like a... I wish you could, like, filter by, like...
Arran Humphreys: Just her one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Some are, like, me and her, like, if they're the people, like, she clocked off halfway through, and then we, like...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I want to try and find a conversation where she's, like... She's handled it from start to finish.
Arran Humphreys: I think that, um, that Cody fella, that's the dude I closed. then. you. Um, this morning, that's the fellow who said about his sister, if you go down, if you scroll up, that was all me. So, she started from here, like carried on. But this is where she stuffed up a little bit, because she gave him that. But, um, she handled it pretty good. All right, that's pretty, like, like, she handled that pretty well, I reckon.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's good.
Arran Humphreys: Try and see if there's something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what's it?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, this is what I said. It's annoying because, yeah, she's had some  banger conversations, man. I just don't, I just don't know which ones at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she's doing well. I mean, obviously, yeah. Didn't see heaps there, but.
Arran Humphreys: I think all, like, it's hard because I, like, follow up on them, so they all, come by, yeah, all mixed up.
Kyle Musca: What I'd do there is just have a quick word to her.
Arran Humphreys: To do a separate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I'll let her know.
Kyle Musca: Is this the guy that you signed?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. That was all me, yeah.
Kyle Musca: This is not more. I mean. Yeah, Nice.
Arran Humphreys: Nice.
Kyle Musca: Followed up as well.
Arran Humphreys: Three times.
Kyle Musca: Does this not?
Arran Humphreys: I don't know if that was her go up a bit. Or was it just me? No, was just me. I closed this fella.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. It's good that you're doing a bit of a hybrid model with her, to be fair.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I think she's been reading the stuff that I'm saying as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: It's just annoying, like... Because some of the lads will be replying and then they don't. This  bro signed up. He jumps on the  sales call, drinking a beer. He goes. He goes to me. Yeah, man. So I've got a bit of the test, the trend, the D-bold. Oh my god, . We don't need that, bro. Dead . He's parked up in his  truck with a beer in his hand on the sales call.
Kyle Musca: She doesn't have heaps of conversations in there for us to review, but I mean, like, from the responses she did do, that seemed pretty right, guess.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I'm pretty happy with how she's been going with it. A lot better than the other one.
Kyle Musca: Is she tagging him with book call, by the way? Nah, she's not. So just remind her to tag. Yeah. Yeah. Reminded it here, contact tags, when there's, so we'll add them in, call prompted. So when she asks to jump on a call, like when she prompts the call essentially, get her to tag in with that. And then if they book the call in, oh , all booked. That way, if we're trying to do something like this and we're actually trying to see how she's compensating, then it's like, you know, we can obviously easily filter that a little bit more.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sick. Okay, cool. I didn't even know you could do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so.
Arran Humphreys: I'll do that myself as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. It'll also help as well in the future because if we ever want to build out a document like this, you know, obviously it's going to take a little bit more time to get 50 people that actually sign versus 50 people that do eventually jump on call. So we can still obviously make the most of that. But I don't Things are going well at the moment. we just need to keep doubling down or keep scaling those ads. As time goes on, won't put more ad spend on it without talking to you first. But, you know, if they're still pumping and they're doing really well, then we can always scale it up. if you're getting more calls and more sales, I'm  happy days.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I'll probably eventually get to a point where I'll have to start looking at another coach because I'm at 80 clients at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Oh, .
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: That's not bad. What I reckon we do in that case, bro, is if we're going to bring on a coach, you know, probably within the next, depending on how well you go with ads and everything like that, but with new clients, but we'll probably look at doing like a fit for the trade challenge or something. You know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: We might do.
Arran Humphreys: So what would that, what do you mean by that?
Kyle Musca: Like, would that be? So essentially it's everything we're currently doing. Right now, but we, maybe we even do this for , when you're involved, maybe that's what we were at. Have a think about this, let me know. Okay. Either or, but essentially it's like, you just do exactly what you're doing right now. You just  slap a challenge label on it.
Arran Humphreys: Oh yeah.
Kyle Musca: And we can say, yeah, and you just give them a grand prize, you know, it's  $8,000 a prize to be won or, you know, $6,000 a prize. So what that means, I'd have a grand prize. So maybe you do put, you know, $1,000 or $2,000 aside to maybe get some flights or, you know, whatever the  you want to put on it. But then essentially everything else is like, you know, everyone's going to get a $500 voucher that they can put towards an extension of the program. X, Y, Z, you know what I mean? So pretty, do you have any sponsors, like any, like supplement companies or anything?
Arran Humphreys: Just ASN.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You just ask ASN and stuff. Like I want to run a challenge and, you know, can I have a $250 gift voucher that I can put towards the winner?
Arran Humphreys: Oh. Oh, yeah. Yeah, right, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I've always, like, for every challenge I've done, I've only ran two proper challenges. I've been doing them every three months now. But every single time, it's produced the highest grossing month for me. And for all the clients I've done, if we execute and nail it well, it's done the same thing.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sick. Well, maybe, yeah, maybe we do that for Bali then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because you'll be there March 11th. So, if we're doing that.
Arran Humphreys: Like, even if we just, like, I'll have a think about it and then we'll script it and film it for there. And then we've just got it when we want to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, in the quick timeframe, if you go on there March 11th, when do you get back?
Arran Humphreys: 18, a week. I'm there for a week.
Kyle Musca: So, we want at least a two to three week strong marketing push here. Probably three weeks, I would say. Because one week is, like, testing it out, making sure it's all set up properly, refine that.
Arran Humphreys: and have it there for when we want to do it and we could time it out properly, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: The issue is you need to, so they work really well because there's a lot of urgency around them. So it's like, you we start April 13th, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So people have to, you know, obviously do it by then. And then you build up a bit of a squeezing point where, you know, people have been interested in stuff, they haven't taken a step, you know, in that last week, it's like, you just  crank it.
Arran Humphreys: Crank it. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: What we could do is we could, like, line it up for a month. You'd have to... Okay, so what I reckon we do is we'll film more trade, more broad audience stuff, get that done by Monday. So what will that put us at? The second? Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. And then you leave. Eve, March, Wednesday. So a week and a half after that, you leave. And then I reckon I'll try and write more ads for it, maybe the Monday after that. And then you film both sets while you're away, potentially.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or even if you could try and film the, maybe try film the tradie broad ones before you go away, if possible.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then film that, because we don't want those to look too similar to, you know, your challenge ads, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: We want them to look completely different. And then. And then I reckon we push that. And then maybe, maybe we say the. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's correct, it's 30k month. yeah, righto. See you, man.
Kyle Musca: Legend. Cheers, bro. Bye.


>>> 109/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-26T05:08:38Z | id:125484712
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Can you, can you hear me? This meeting is being recorded. There we go. Hi, everybody, can you hear me?
xavier kelly: Hear me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, there we go.
xavier kelly: There you are. How you doing?
Kyle Musca: Good. How's things done?
xavier kelly: It's all right. It's all right. Just, you know, locked in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, cool. So we'll rip right in, man. We'll go through a check-in form. So two calls booked this week, 50% close rate, so one sold.
xavier kelly: Where did those two calls come from? Ready. So ready automation on ManyChat. And I just was in straight away in the chat and booked them in.
Kyle Musca: Okay, nice. And where did the ready, where did you attach that CTA?
xavier kelly: On a previous video. So I think it was a, like I had a video that did well. So I just put it on a trial reel and then just had the same call to action ready on it. And I think that got like quite a few people typing it. So just from one of those, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. So one video I posted at 500k currently, leads and followers aren't going crazy.
xavier kelly: Maybe CTA on the video was good. We'll check that out. Hmm. Where they're from, and age-wise, sites, forms, submissions. So slow, sorry, it's just the internet, so .
Kyle Musca: Good.
xavier kelly: Yep, here we are. And it's this one. Thank you. Okay. Seven fill-outs.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
xavier kelly: Seven fill-outs.
Kyle Musca: Out of those seven, how many of them are Australian versus US?
xavier kelly: I'll read them out for you. It was American, American, American, Asia, Riyadh, Europe, Amsterdam, America, South Africa.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So a lot of Americans.
xavier kelly: Have you missed? A lot of them. I've called them all. I only got a response from one that submitted yesterday, and she said, oh, sorry, my friend submitted for me. I don't know what that means. But the one I'm trying to get in contact with is the 32 Finance. it's California, Steph, but haven't been able to get a hold of her. Okay. Probably called her like six times.
Kyle Musca: What are you calling her on WhatsApp?
xavier kelly: Just on the phone. On the phone. I think so. And then I'll text her as well. So I've texted her like three times. I said like, I said, hey, how you doing? This is Xavier here. saw you fill out my application form. Just figured I'd give you a call. First things first, what's your fitness goal? And then, you know, no response. So then after that, I messaged her again and said, hey, just calling again. Give me a text when you're free. And then I sent her an emoji. It's just like this gif with that chick. From Finding Nemo, like touching the  fish tank, going, are you alive? Send them out.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And I would try on WhatsApp. I know you can't call through iCloud and everything like that. The other thing is, when are you trying to make these calls?
xavier kelly: Instantly. Instantly. Like I'm on it instantly, like within 10 seconds.
Kyle Musca: What time did she fill that out?
xavier kelly: It would have been nine. Oh, it's hard to say. It would have been maybe, what was it? Might have been like 9 p.m. my time. So her morning. Time. Yeah. To be fair, I might have tried to call her the second time, not at the right moment. But I wasn't really thinking.
Kyle Musca: So. So. Yeah, because if they're getting strange, you know, like if you get a, you know, like a plus-six-six number call you, for example, you instantly think, oh, this is some foreign telemarketer. I would try to do it over WhatsApp just because WhatsApp should show your profile picture and your name a little bit better. Also, just to make sure that it's actually going through, like, because, you know, you never know, like, maybe the calls and texts aren't actually, like, delivering. You'd think it would cut you off after the first ring if it wasn't going through, but just be careful, I would definitely use WhatsApp as the main sort of thing to contact. If that doesn't sort of improve, like, you're getting a lot of US people. So, it's like, what I would do, can you share your screen and show me your application form?
xavier kelly: Would you recommend I also, on my profile, have like a swipe to like, you know, who I am, who I help, how to apply, and then maybe on my automations for any kind of lead magnets or, yeah, anytime anyone like goes to the bottom of a like recipe lead magnet, it says like, hey, I also offer one-on-one coaching to help busy people, blah, blah, blah. Here's the application form if you're looking for some help.
Kyle Musca: Well, let's break that down. We'll just figure this out first. Okay. So, okay, so, and then do a checkbox. Oh, was there. Up, up, up to the right. Yep. So, I would probably say like, I will... up, up, up, up, up, up, up, So, oh, no, in the checkbox, top thing. Yeah, I will contact you on WhatsApp. Do you currently have it? I will contact you on WhatsApp. Do you currently have it? Yeah, download it and active or something like that. I'll probably go question mark because it's a question. And then just yes, no. And then scroll down. Oh, sorry, no, no. Put that at the bottom, like under occupation. Age. Yep. That should be fine.
xavier kelly: Should I say, just like here in like brackets, Insta, Messenger, et cetera.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: Leave. User name.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. See how that goes. Okay. Save that for now. Okay. Cool. That's, so what were you saying just there before with the lead magnet stuff?
xavier kelly: So, what I. Can you hear me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Did you press save on that?
xavier kelly: Sorry before. Yeah. I clicked save.
Kyle Musca: All right. Perfect. Perfect. Cool. Yep. Continue. So.
xavier kelly: So. What I had noticed is that I had that video that did really well a couple of days ago, but the amount of followers per views or leads per views was a lot less than a similar video that did similar a few weeks ago. So obviously, the way I present the follow me for more matters, but also the way I lead people to the caption matters as well. I think that when I do a recipe that's a little bit too simple, people don't see the value in saving it because it's just a two-ingredient recipe. So what I was kind of thinking is I either provide extra value in the caption, like in the video I say, I left an even higher protein version down below, in the caption below, or...
Kyle Musca: So, this is the video. I try recipes so you don't have to, and if you like the sound of that, drop me a follow. Oh, I think I'm going to make this every single day. This is like unbelievably low calorie, but it tastes like it should be the most high calorie thing ever. You also get a bunch of protein from the parmesan cheese. So, you're trying to lose fat and build muscle. This is such a good snack. Instructions and ingredients in the caption below. See ya. That was a teeny. Yeah, so... What I would do there... Because the main things we want to do out here, the main options we have is prompt them to start a DM and conversate with them there. It needs setters for that.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The second one is obviously the follow, and the third one is coaching. Okay?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So one thing I would probably do in terms of the follow is...
xavier kelly: Or like include that into every one of your videos. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, oh, , I wish you could like skip it on Instagram.
xavier kelly: Yeah. What I said was, I try recipes so you don't have to. And if you like the sound of that, drop me a follow. And what I would typically say is, I try recipes so you don't have to. And they'll let you know if they're worth the calories and if they taste good.
Kyle Musca: If that sounds good, drop me a follow. And the conversion on those two is like dramatically different. Yeah. Yes. Wait, what do you mean?
xavier kelly: In terms of, if I get 500,000 views and I say, I try recipes so don't have to, if you like that, drop me a follow. Versus 500,000 views of, I try recipes so you don't have to and let you know if they're worth the calories and if they taste good. If you like the sound of drop me a follow. On the longer one, I'll probably get like 5,000 followers and a 500K video. On the shorter one, I'll get 1,000 followers.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what I would do is, I would always, so that's good, but we just want to separate the actions. So what I would do. What is I would put that, and again, obviously you do this more, so feel free to chime in here. I would put that before you try the recipe because that's P, X, X, right there. correct. Yeah, that will allow you to try it and then you can use the second prompt of what we want to do. So, you you try it, that absolutely slaps. And then it's like we could do, and then it's like determining whether or not we want to say I've just put the entire  recipe in the caption below or DM me if you want, yeah, my low-calorie version, DM me X, Y, Z. So, let's have a gaze at that. That's 85 comments. Where was the one you did the other week that did?
xavier kelly: One did a mil and a bit. So, I remember looking at that one that did a mil and a bit when it was at 500, and there was like a, you like I woke up the next day, refreshed my phone, and I went up like 8K followers in and a moon. The peanut butter one, yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you combine one cup of peanut butter powder, half a cup of peanut butter powder, and half a cup of unsweetened applesauce, mix it into a dough. We actually have a bit of a dough ball here. I've got six of them. I've my balls in chocolate, now I'm going to go refrigerate it. That are heavenly, and you're to satisfy those sweet cravings. I mean, they certainly look heavenly, but do they taste heavenly? Now, I like to try recipes like this online, and then let you know if they're good or not. If that sounds good, drop me a follow. Cheers. This is easily the best thing we've ever made in the channel. These are the kind of recipes that we made this channel for. Three ingredients, pretty high protein for the amount of calories, and it is so easy to make. I definitely recommend you give this a try. Ten? She said ten. All right, I'm going to go watch some TV and demolish all these things. See ya. If you can buy.
xavier kelly: Um, so one thing I think I learned from that video was that when the person speaks about the, how to make the recipe, you need to like match the length that they spoke. So this says, these peanut balls are great. And then I go, are they now? Instead of saying a long sentence, like you need to kind of have like a rhythm to the back and forth. Um, and I also find that when you eat, when you eat the food and you try it, you need to go, and you always need to be like really emotive. You need to like, oh, people love that .
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: Or they hate it. You're like, they want to see the vitriol in your face. Um, so that one thing I learned from that, um, that's a lot of comments.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You didn't even say to comment ready. it would have been from this. People would have clicked on this. If you want to be one of these people, comment ready and I'll reach out. The recipes are absolutely amazing for fat loss. Now, you got a lot of comments on this saying, already, did you get many actual leads out of it?
xavier kelly: I mean, they're all leads, but like actual. Yeah, I think I did. I just didn't think I had the right kind of, like I had setters, but there weren't. Properly coached on like, all right, this is a speed to lead thing. Like if there are a hundred comments yesterday on that video, but you're getting to them three hours later, you're not going to get a single one booked in. You need to be on them instant. So there wasn't any of that. So I think a lot of that was just kind of lost source.
Kyle Musca: Because the thing we just need to be really careful about is because we've got really three CTAs here and we just need to be really smart about separating them. it again. we about oh, yeah, Follow one we've already got. We understand where that should be. This one should just be. What we could try to do. What we could try to do is, okay, yeah. I reckon what we do is we do the lower, like the, either the lower calorie, essentially do the CTA. Have you gotten the setters out of your account?
xavier kelly: Yeah, they're all gone.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what I would do here is, yeah, the CTA to, let's just go with this frame idea first and then we'll figure out. The actual functionality of it. CTA to the recipe or a lower calorie version. That's going to. Um. One, get more engagement on your profile because they'll comment ready and then it goes into the conversations and DMs. You've got the qualifier flow still, hey, same one as Torrent?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. And then I reckon at the very end, so you give them the recipe once they're qualified. And then you basically do something like this because this wording seemed to have worked really, really well.
xavier kelly: so the, just, so what I usually do is it goes, hey, thanks for commenting. Are you looking for the recipe? Are you looking for the recipe? Are you specifically using the recipe to lose fat? And they go, recipe to lose fat. And I go, awesome. Here it is. Curious. You said you're trying to lose fat. What's that look like? Is it just fat loss or gaining muscle? Gaining muscle. Oh, awesome. Are you under or over 21? Over 21. Cool. Do you want to have a chat? Yes, no. No, that's it. That's for the lead magnet. But the word ready is just like straight coaching only.
Kyle Musca: So, okay. So, yeah, share your screen. Let's pull up that automation.
xavier kelly: For example, this one. So I think with the no setters in the account, I need to kind of polish this so that it does a little bit more. But it starts off with that comment to there. You just let me.
Kyle Musca: Why is it not doing that? Okay. Oh, it just doesn't give me access to actually type anything. That's weird. I'll send you the recipe through. Yeah, let's actually, let's look at this whole thing first before I touch things. I can't delete that space. Do you want delete that space?
xavier kelly: I don't know if, do I? Whatever I'll do later.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So coming in here, recipe sends. Oh my gosh, bro, this is  annoying.
xavier kelly: Trying to zoom in?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, there we go. Yes, you said you were here for fat loss. What's your main goal at the moment? Gain muscle. What's the click-through rate on that, 30%?
xavier kelly: I think I should honestly just get rid of the age thing, because it's not really making a difference.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, get rid of that. Over 21, sweet. Sweet. Can you, so this is easy and we can power through it quickly. Can you just invite me to your manager?
xavier kelly: Yeah. Do you need me to do it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you can just do that and then send it to me on WhatsApp. I'll stop sharing the screen.
xavier kelly: Do you think maybe at the end of the automation where it says, like, sounds good, I'll be here for a chat, be like, would you be able to, like, provide me your WhatsApp so I can send you a message when I'm next online?
Kyle Musca: People can get iffy about asking for a phone number, especially before chat, especially middle-aged women, they get very, it's not very easy, I don't think. Okay, I'll send Mirosav through and I'll send you, and. Okay. How many recipes are in the cookbook?
xavier kelly: I send them one that has like 20 in it, but I have a bunch of other ones.
Kyle Musca: Three. And you can, you can, oh yeah, on comments, you can only send one. Recipe only, recipe and fouls. You've got a different version of this than your previous one, hey?
xavier kelly: Mm-hmm. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: I'll send the recipe through and just to show my appreciation for your support, I'll also send you my cook book, usually valued at free.
xavier kelly: It's your right, appreciation.
Kyle Musca: Appreciation. Cool. Appreciation. For your support. I'll also send you my cookbook if you add it to me. Just. Recipe. Tool. Recipe and Thalos. Recipe Cool. Now. See, they already said fat loss. It's like if they, you're going to get very low gain muscle.
xavier kelly: Mm. Yes. Pretty bad.
Kyle Musca: What I reckon we do is give it this. It's a click-through rate. 11%. Because they already said fat loss. So what I reckon we change is to.
xavier kelly: Do you just change that straight away to like pitching about speaking to them when you're back online?
Kyle Musca: No, I think this one would be more so to hear for fat loss. How much, so how much weight, how much weight? Ah, this is the issue though, because you get a lot of, we can do American. You only, you don't get many Australians at all, hey?
xavier kelly: No, I'm only. Have a great day. Thank I mean, I do. It's everywhere. It's  the whole world, bro. It's seriously. It's the whole world.
Kyle Musca: Okay, let's go 0 to 10kg. 0 to 25 pounds. 10 to 23, 25 to 45, yes, and then add button. I'll let you come clean that up. Let's just, it'll be pretty much the same flow. Amazing. I reckon. we delete this one?
xavier kelly: Yep.
Kyle Musca: I just want to, okay, recipe only, recipe and fat loss, okay. And what did you say here? These recipes are absolute men.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I think I might have to use that CTA again. didn't even realise I read it differently.
Kyle Musca: How many calories are the recipes in the cookbook usually?
xavier kelly: Ranging from 350 to 600.
Kyle Musca: I'm going to delete this one as well. OK. OK. OK. Great. OK. Let's Yeah, Yes. Go. Yeah, actually, just on that, because the issue I could potentially see running in here is, like, this question's great, like, this prompt is great, but then if we give them 20 recipe cookbook, then they might be like, oh, I have the recipes to do it on my own now.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I don't know, I feel, I do think that people kind of know, like, these women are of their age. Where they understand calories, they understand recipes, they know what they need to do. They're not like naive. It's just really like consistency and accountability and guidance, support type of thing.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so what I reckon we do then is, that's the cookbook. Now I reckon we do... Thank you so These recipes are absolutely amazing for fat loss and very similar to the ones I use with my private clients. Thank you. Oh, as if. Yes, that would be, yes.
xavier kelly: Yes, sounds amazing.
Kyle Musca: Amazing. I'll delete these. Cool. I don't need help. Potentially. Potentially. Yeah. Potentially, maybe just potentially. Potentially. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, we'll just say it's 36 months.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Possibly. That's 20 kilos, 20 kilos match as well. Fantastic. Fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. 20 kilos, plus. Plus. Um, six to nine months, okay. Is that going to let us update it? No, we've got to do a thing for it. , damn it. Okay, let's go here. Let's go. Um. Yeah, shaman. Let's go. Let's Qualified, that's the tag used?
xavier kelly: Yep.
Kyle Musca: They're not technically qualified because they don't have, like we haven't asked them any financial qualifiers. Let's add a tag for this. Lead bag, qualified, interested. Let's get interested. So those two will go there. We'll go here, options, tag. Cool. There. Yeah. There. Yeah. Okay. Update that. They're kind of just like,  off. What we'll do there is... We'll keep an eye on that, because like more people are saying recipe only. We've updated that, yeah. Yeah. Okay. So hopefully that question there, just so I know which one to send you, prompts them to... Because like what they might think now is like if they say recipe only, then they just get the cookbook and then  off. Whereas here we can say like, just so I know which one to send you, it sounds like there's different calorie contents for both.
xavier kelly: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: I wonder if we could also, let's see if this works.
xavier kelly: We could possibly even just get rid of the second option and just have Recipe and Fat Loss only.
Kyle Musca: How many? So Fat Loss. Maybe we do like Fat Loss Cookbook. And then, oh wait, no, because that was the Recipe only one. Holy , you're not going to prove.
xavier kelly: We just have the one option. So it only gives you Recipe and Fat Loss. If that's the case, we might as well just rip all that out and then send them straight to this one and then they continue on from here. that. you.
Kyle Musca: If they're not interested in losing weight, though, let's just keep it with that for now just to see what the difference is because, again, we're framing it as it's $29.
xavier kelly: They're getting it for free.
Kyle Musca: And then, cool. I'm as you said, how much weight are you aiming to lose? Okay, great. I wonder if we could... How does this look? Let's review. Fathos Cookbook. And text block. Put that there. could have actually just done one, that's fine. There. Go with that. And delay two seconds. me, put it on. All right. One second. Okay. Let's preview. Yeah, okay, cool. Let's just turn this one down into one. Okay, cool. Does that look good to you?
xavier kelly: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: The, the, the. The, the, the. Yeah, because what this will do is allow you to funnel all your traffic to commenting, which will drive up engagement more. And then you can still capture everyone on the back end of that. Now, it depends what you want to do here. Because, okay, one option is if you're getting the, if you're getting like really high levels of engagement, like you are on this one, and you start directing all your, you know, viewers and stuff to start commenting to collect that recipe book, which is a good idea. That's what Torrin does, then it's like, yeah, we can get some setters in there because it's like, we've got really good sort of lead flow that they need to filter through. That's the only time, you Unless you have the lead flow, there's no point in having setters in there. The other option here is if you wanted to keep it a little bit leaner without setters, this would add, I guess, a little bit more friction into it, is this is where you could direct them to an application form here.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it just really depends on what you want to do there.
xavier kelly: I think for now, I can be on top of it and book them in on my phone. Because I don't know, with the lead flow, it could be inconsistent. I like having a setter is just a bit stressful.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like unless you have like a really stable lead flow. So would say for now, let's see if you do it. This is the try to lose that. Stop just talking while I'm talking. So for now, I would... I direct everything to comment the trigger word to get the full recipe. I was like, before you try it, it's like, you know, I try viral recipes like this to make sure you don't have to. If you want to see more of that, drop a follow, try it, and then react to it. And then, like, this is a must try. If you want the full recipe or the lower-calorie, higher-protein version, just comment the word, whatever the  it is, and I'll send it through to you.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So where you get two CTAs in there? To this consistency. It's looking good. Then transfer to a small Tupperware. Into the Tupperware it goes. Melt your chocolate chips. Look at that. And freeze for 20 minutes. Into the fridge it goes. Enjoy. This is 52 grams of protein with only four simple ingredients, pure sweet tooth will thank you, and your waistline as well. There's the finished product. Let's give it a try. I try a recipe so you don't have to, and let you know if they're worth the calories, and if they taste good. If you like the sound of that, drop me a follow. Cheers. This is already my favorite snack ever. You love races, but you're lacking in the- On that as well, like as you mentioned before, I would try and get like an iconic reaction, like, you know, very expressed reaction when something's good, like Matt will do the , you know what mean?
xavier kelly: I was thinking, if you look at my other videos, like the recent one that did 500, you'll see how I'm like filming in a different area of the kitchen and I have more room behind me.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah.
xavier kelly: I was thinking like, I walk back and then I like, jump in the air and it like freeze frames and it says like a thing out of 10.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah. Yeah. You just want something like very expressive, very, um, I don't know if you watch, um, his name is the best ever food review guy on YouTube. Um, he's got a massive channel, but like when he will try something, it'll like come into his face and he'll, he'll taste it and like, Hmm. You know what mean? It's the same reaction every time when it's good. Um, so I'd have something like nice and expressive. There. Department in your diet. I definitely recommend you give this a try. And if you're trying to lose fat and build muscle, this is. It's great. By the way, if you want to drop fat and build muscle and want to work with me one-on-one, comment the words ready and I'll reach out. Yeah, so these people would have... We're in the DMs. I wish you could go back. Yeah, like this is a must-try. If you want the full recipe for this, and like this is the thing with CTAs, if it's anything longer than a sentence, you're doing too much with it. So it's like, this is a must-try. If you want the full recipe, or if you want the low-calorie-high-protein version of this, just comment the word, you know, peanut butter down below, and I'll send it through you.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then what I would do there as well is... In the caption, yeah, because then you can still do... Yeah. Yeah, because then you can high-protein Reese's cuffs. If you want the full recipe, comment the word... You know, Reese's, let's say. And then just add it. And then just keep this like this is.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because then you're getting the coach CTA in it as well. And then put that as like a poll and a prompt.
xavier kelly: Have you started doing that? Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, poll and a prompt because then that will chuck the CTA.
xavier kelly: I've been doing just poll. Prompt's the question?
Kyle Musca: So prompt puts it at the top of the caption.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Sorry. So the prompt puts the caption at the top of the comment section.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So like if you're getting, you know, thousands of comments like you were on that other video, that 1.6 million one, it's like every single one of those, you know, 1,600 comments would have then seen the CTA to go apply for coaching. Yeah.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah, most of the videos that I say comment oats for the recipe, they'll get like 500 to 1,000.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what we want to focus on because it's like that's going to drive up engagement a lot more, get your video pushing and pumping harder. And then I would just do that. That's going to also leave the caption and therefore the top of the comment section open for you to have that coaching specific direct CTA in it.
xavier kelly: So it's like you've got the follow CTA, then you've got the engagement ready CTA.
Kyle Musca: And then when they go to the comment section to obviously do that, they see the direct coaching CTA.
xavier kelly: Yeah, they're typing it out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because they'll come in here and say ready and it'll be like, you know, these recipes are absolutely amazing. So they're seeing it as well. So you say the follow, you say the DM, sorry, the comment CTAs and then the direct CTA is just on the, like you text it.
xavier kelly: It's a caption. Okay. Okay, so good CTA for the follow, follow up by a quick emotive reaction to the recipe where I jump up and it says something out of 10 straight into a. Fast lead mag, end the video, done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
xavier kelly: Yeah, okay, cool. Another thing that I wanted to ask you was, obviously, like, followers don't directly translate to stories in terms of the views. Like, I look at my story views, and it's still, like, a lot of young women. And is there a way to be able to maybe have a CTA in a video where I say something about my stories? Or what are your thoughts?
Kyle Musca: Now, stories are  pretty , to be honest.
xavier kelly: Do think I could do, because I saw a post from, like, EBT, and he said, like, reels are great for reaching new audiences that know you. And then carousels are usually pushed to people that already follow you. So, if you want to speak to people that follow you, post carousels. So, maybe I could do some of those kind of AI. Carousels, where it's like a caricature with a CTA at the end.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, to be honest, I'm not a huge fan of the AI stuff, just because like it's overdone. And what I could very much assume Instagram will do is they'll see that people are just continuously spamming it and they'll crack down on it pretty hard.
xavier kelly: I think people, you know, got away with it when it was new because it was a new thing, you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: But now it's like everyone just flogs them. So I'm not a huge fan of them. I would, so the carousels are great for telling a story. So, and yeah, like it can be pushed to non-followers as well, but I would kind of, it seems to have shifted to, you know, feed posts like carousels and stuff like that, become what stories used to be, if that makes sense. So it's like, I would do like Matt West and stuff does the CTAs really well. Adam does the CTAs well. And the great thing about that is you can tell a bit of a story.
xavier kelly: Correct.
Kyle Musca: That's how the carousels are really going to, you know, work the best. I was going to do. If was a carousel, I would do them, like, making them look really native to Instagram. So, I haven't done one in a little bit. Kind of like, they're also great for getting transformations in there.
xavier kelly: Yeah, showing what my clients have done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, ready? I say  most coaches in the fitness, you know, thing avoid. And usually it's, like, not much wording on them is what I've noticed, right? If you do, like, big paragraphs and stuff, you know, people don't, attention spans are super small, right? The journey, it can be  messy, setbacks. And I guarantee there's, you know, so telling a little bit of a story here. And then I almost guarantee you there's a transformation in here. You know what I mean? Like, it's a great place to get, like, transformations and add client testimonials and all that  in here. And then I'll do something like... This where it's at the end is if you want to work with, you know, again, coach that's, you know, whatever you end up saying is your CTA, you know, either comment or go apply for coaching.
xavier kelly: Okay. I'm definitely going get my girlfriend. I'll some more  weird photos of me then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: And then like play into the comedy aspect of it all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like there's different ways to do them, but like, you know, again, just keeping things nice and simple. I would come through and pretty much see what Matt does because he does them really well. These quotes will change perspective. And then again, probably always going to be, not always, but usually.
xavier kelly: Yeah. I've got a good like AI tool that tells me like which posts are like outliers in terms of engagement. So I'll probably like use that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would. Yeah. And then like AI, I see AI is like AI can do 80% of the work, but it won't do. Like, you need to reword it and everything like that because otherwise, like, as soon as someone picks up that's AI, like, they'll just keep scrolling.
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah. No, the tool basically, like, scans people's accounts and says, because, like, sometimes a video will have, like, a half a million views, but for Matt, half a million views is . Like, it's normal. So he'll say, this video is actually doing five times better than his normal video. So this is the one you should look at copying. So I have, like, a tool that, like, So I have that. But you see Arnie's County had the top three pin thing.
Kyle Musca: Do you think I should put those back in my account? I have some ones of those. Yeah, I would. I would do, like, at least two. One is, like, a story about you and your upbringing or, like, just a story about you. And then the second one is more of, like, just social proof, social proof, social proof.
xavier kelly: Like, just spamming social proof. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, man. So this week, I reckon, yeah, just spam basically that structure we did. Like, because, again, it's just rinse and repeat. I know you mentioned about the Alex Gamble thing. you among the I don't necessarily reckon break into that like just yet. Let's just  go hard on what we know works for you. Get those views up, get a lot of volume through what we just built, see what the response is like on the back end of that. And then we can look at, you know, implementing a few other things moving forward. But I think based off that, we should get a little bit more clarity about intent and actually get some direct coaching responses out of it as well.
xavier kelly: Yeah. And your recommendation is just open up ManyChat in the morning. I always be on top of that, just speed to lead.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: then do all the things we said about content, see how that goes this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, assess, keep me updated on the volume because if you do get a good amount of volume through that, it's going to be very, very hard for you to keep on top of. Yeah.
xavier kelly: I'll try to get a set of straight away if that happens.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, I've got like a way to hire setters and they do it six USD flat rate. So there's that potentiality. You could go back to the commission guy if he was good and you think he's, you You he was doing a good job. 10% comms is pretty high. I'm not going to lie for a DM setter. But I guess on the flip side of that is like, you don't have the overhead of actually paying sort of flat rate. So it's like, I mean, chat to me about it and we can like come up with a game plan if that actually, if we get to that point.
xavier kelly: Cool. Okay. I'm going to go film another video and I'm excited to tinker around.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome, man. Everyone. Yeah. I'm keen to see how that goes. Cause I'm like touring. It's  thousands and thousands of, of comments. So if we can get, you know, something similar and then it will also help massively with your account engagement as well.
xavier kelly: Yeah, no, it definitely, it definitely will. The only thing that goes  is my many chat subscription fee.
Kyle Musca: Just , just like, I need to figure out a way.
xavier kelly: So it like deletes the thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Nice, bro. Well, I got to run, but yeah, anything you need from me, man, just feel free to keep me updated on how that stuff goes. Will do. All right. Ciao, ciao. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 110/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-26T06:07:26Z | id:125489105
People: Kyle Musca

Morgan Eldrett: A little getaway. This meeting is being recorded. Yeah, it was nice to get away. And I just feel like it was nice to go to Byron for my birthday, obviously, and have a bit of time off, although it kind of threw me off a little bit for the week, but that's all right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, all settled back in now.
Morgan Eldrett: I feel like, yes, I feel like I'm a bit chaotic at the moment with work, but that's just, I think I need to just get a bit more, like, systemized with everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So with that, I'm very big on, like, just, like, let's focus on the one big domino in front of us, and, like, let's just, like, knock that over. You know what I mean? Like, when you run your own business, you'll have, like, a lot of different fires in that business, and it's very easy to, like, spread yourself very thin, and then nothing ever gets done. And then you just feel really overwhelmed, really stressed out. Right now, our main objective for you is just getting your sort of... Base-level cash flow up just so it gives you a little bit more freedom to, you know, expand and start, you know, I guess, growing the business from a point of comfortability rather than stress, right? So we'll break into things this week. So you've taken three calls, four calls booked. Were they organic or where did they come from?
Morgan Eldrett: Two. Oh, sorry about that, by the way. I accidentally, I kept accidentally submitting it by pressing enter. was  annoying. One was organic and then two were ads and the two ad ones were a bit random people and the organic one I feel like might sign up, but just she didn't just on the call.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And so, but I guess like just to follow on from my conversation the other day, where are you kind of sitting with things? Do you want to transition to more focusing on 100% organic or... NXT? Yes. Do about Or think Um, Do you want to keep running the ad side of things?
Morgan Eldrett: I don't know. Like Kyle was like, oh, maybe just do organic for a little bit and just kind of see how things go. I just feel like I don't really know. Like I feel like I want to do it all, but then I just, it just never, like it just gets so chaotic. But I feel like the ads, potentially if we get the right kind of ad, but I completely understand that the last ones weren't really like crash hot. So that's why they weren't really like bringing in a lot of people. But I feel like potentially we could just sort of do work on the organic and then kind of work on like systems and stuff and whatnot. But I just don't really know what else it would be if we do sort of say, okay, let's work on organic. What, like, what else is it going to be than what I'm already doing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Well, let's, let's, so, um, by the way, on that as well, just so you know, mentioned this the other. let's, let's, So with the ads, at the moment, the accounts are restricted. So it won't let me do anything. So you can keep it like that. You can keep it like that. Just keep in mind that if you pay it, it will turn back on and then it will... Oh, so you paid it, I assume?
Morgan Eldrett: Well, I went in and it was like $27 and I was like, what?
Kyle Musca: I would say it's probably because you have a really low account threshold, which basically means like when it's a newer account, it like will charge every, I think I've seen it like $12 before. Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: But... Wait, where the  am I on this stupid thing? Uh...
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, what I'll do is I'll just turn this off then, and we'll focus on the organic so it doesn't charge you. The graphics, like this graphic actually did decently well for us. There was two in there that were doing decently well for us. So, mean, there's, you know, definitely potential there. Like we got some decent sales off it as well. Like when we come into, I don't spend too long on this.
Morgan Eldrett: Do you think, um, wait, where am I going on this thing? I'm in meta campaigns.
Kyle Musca: Yep.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, where do I find like where I'm paying for stuff?
Kyle Musca: I'll be in the settings, bottom left settings, and then there'll be like a billing thing. You can see from the last time we tracked the data, like we were sitting at, um, you know, from that last week, we've got an eight and almost a nine are like.
Morgan Eldrett: Turn on investment there, which is great.
Kyle Musca: The week before that was 2.4, which is still, yeah, decent, but not like obviously going that high. And then the week before that, we're at end of Jan six times. So, I mean, there was like merit there, but at the same time, if you're feeling sort of like really stressed about, you know, the financial aspect of it, then it's like, I would probably say to focus on organic just because, you know, if you're like, if that pressure is really there, then you're going to really sort of wear that. And we don't want to sort of leave it up to like, the ads can be sporadic, right? It can just sort of show the wrong people for like one week. And if like one week is going to really sort of put pressure on you, then it's like, okay, we need a little bit more leeway and a little bit more time there.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I think it's like, because I think that I don't really have any good systems with like, my money in general. So like, I'm pretty, I don't really track it. And then I don't really see how well it's going. And then I had like, I had to pay my  tax and I wasn't prepared for it. So like I had to put, I had like a good week of month of sales and then all of that money went straight into my tax. And so I kind of was back to square one. I don't really know like if it's just that I need to have better systems in terms of like organizing my cashflow as well. Cause I was sort of like, felt like I was just paying all this money everywhere. And I was just like, what is going on? Um, yeah. So like, I don't really feel so, I don't feel super stressed about it, but then I don't really have any, I feel like I don't really have a grasp on it. And then all of a sudden I'll look and then I'm like, , what the hell? Like I just paid Klamay $500 and I'm like, I, I'm always like not prepared for those things. And, um, obviously then meta comes out and I don't, I don't, I don't even see if it comes out or it doesn't, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So having cashflow coming in and out of your business is like a real big. Kind of like learning curve, you know, like especially once you start to get into, you know, bigger figures coming in and out and you're paying like a lot of different employees, you're like, oh, . So it's like something that, you know, you get more used to the more, like the longer it goes for. One is I would have a decent, like a good accountant that you speak to and even just like a simple profit and loss statement can show you, you know, obviously how much you earn, you know, and where your money actually went from that, the expenses off the back end of that. So sheet is obviously also really good because it's like this will show you the direct return from ads. Yeah, from ads and then like what you actually got out of that. The other thing too is like you've got to keep in mind that this is based off future revenue as well. So it's like you collected good amounts of cash here, but for example, this week, for example, you know, you only realistically collected, you know, $600 in actual profit from that. But that reoccurring revenue will. Build up in time, if that makes sense. So it's like, so for Cal, for example, probably something relatively similar where, you know, his reoccurring revenue has just built up really consistently over time. So even when you have, you know, let's say a week where it is relatively low, a lot of that was reoccurring revenue. So it's like that will stack up over time. And then it's like, yeah, like, you know, you could, I think when Cal and I started, it was like five or six grand a week. And now it's like, it got to nine grand a week. And now it's at like 12 grand a week. And it's not so much off the, you know, new sales definitely helped, don't get me wrong, but it's majority of that is just that safety net that's continued to increase as time goes on.
Morgan Eldrett: From like people paying weekly and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Which is why I want like recurring payment plans more so just because it does get that, it gets that safety net up is the way I like to think of it. You know what I mean? If you have a low sales week, it's like, you're not super stressed because you're not necessarily.
Morgan Eldrett: Relying on cash collected. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But let's break this down. So.
Morgan Eldrett: I changed that the way you wanted last time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Cool. Working for me. Yeah, cool. So one thing is I.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, yeah, we kind of talked about that. And then I think you said you wanted it more specific. But then I ran out of letters.
Kyle Musca: yeah, that's right.
Morgan Eldrett: Could you want me to change to anything different with like shorter? Because I think you said like to. I don't know what you said after it, but I only have like 10 letters left.
Kyle Musca: You could try. I hope. I hope women lose 6 to 10, 6 to 8 kilos. know I what In 12 weeks or less.
Morgan Eldrett: I don't know if you get that. Help women lose 6 to 10 kilos in... I help women lose 6 to 10 kilos, what did you say after that?
Kyle Musca: In 12 weeks, and then if possible, in 12 weeks or less. If you wanted to... That works?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I help women lose 6 to 10 kilos in 12 weeks or less.
Kyle Musca: Yes.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that works. That's enough.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful.
Morgan Eldrett: I have like 10 more letters if there's anything else you want to add to that.
Kyle Musca: Okay, sick. Yeah, so with stuff like this, we want to think of this as a big, bold promise. You know what I mean? 6 kilos is conservative. Realistically, like if you've got a really overweight woman and stuff, you know, or someone who's really keen to aggressively cut, you know, you could be, you know, you could easily lose up to 10. Into thinking, you know, like potentially you're feeling kind of imposter syndrome at the moment. You know what mean? Like I haven't coached enough women, you know, like X, Y, Z. But again, like when it comes down to it, one, there's a lot of coaches out there that aren't qualified to be coaches. There's a lot of PTs out there that just don't do a very good job. There's a lot of them out there that charge an absurd amount as well to do that. You know what mean? The fact of the matter is like, yeah, you're an IFBB Pro. You've competed at the highest levels. You've helped women do it. You know exactly how to do it. Your life essentially revolves around it. Like, and you have a genuine care for these girls that do come to you. So I wouldn't, like, obviously we don't want to get into the point of like false marketing, false advertising, and just like, you know, lying or anything like that. But I wouldn't be conservative when it comes to, you know, your marketing and, you know, basically putting your hand up and saying, like, if you're a woman who wants to, you know, achieve X, Y, Z goal, I will help you get there.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what mean? So. Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, think it's more like I almost am kind of like resistant to be I don't know what like if it's like cringe or like I feel like it's like desperate and I know it's not like I know that posting CTAs is like the only way you are going to build it. But I almost like in the mindset I'm like oh my god if I'm posting a CTA every time like people are looking at myself being like  she's desperate but I know people don't know I know people don't look at it the same way I look at it like I know I'm posting a CTA every video but not everybody sees my stuff but I think that's almost where I'm at I'm always like seems like cringe if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah the thing to remember there is like you'll get sick of something a lot sooner than your audience gets sick of so there's a like a story that the like the CEO of Pepsi I think it was he would walk past the marketing team every single day and every single day he would seem to see the same poster and After two months, he's like, I'm so sick of seeing this poster. Surely people are sick of it. Like, let's take this down. And the marketing team turned around and said, like, we haven't even launched it yet. You know what mean? So it's like, you're going to get a lot sicker of your stuff before, you know, the world is. And in terms of like what you mentioned about, like, comes across as like cringe or desperate. At the end of the day, like you're there marketing your own business. You know what mean? It's not like you're, you know, saying, you know, please come work with me or whatever. It's just, you're just giving them a clear directive that, you know, out of the, you know, thousands of people that watch this video, if you're someone who does want to get a hand, you know, and you're only really talking to the, you know, 1% or 0.1% of those people. If you're, you know, do want a hand, this is how you contact me. And, you know, the position's open.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. That makes, that makes sense. I, I think it was on, I didn't do it on the other one.
Kyle Musca: Cause you're getting really good views across the board here. So it's like, yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: And the last few I've done, like I'm trying to put a little bit more effort in, like pretty much that one that did well with me in front of the building. And then everyone since then, I've kind of put a bit more effort in to make it a little bit more like coaching specific and like a little bit more like trending real kind of vibes. But I probably just need to keep that up now, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like you, you, the views are there. So it's like, um.
Morgan Eldrett: That one I didn't do a CTA because it was collabed with Kala. I wasn't sure if that was.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: The other one though, the one next to it, the one on the left, that I barely anything that like I posted that one this morning. Like that one I was, I just was like, I'm just going to put the CTA at the front and just see.
Kyle Musca: Like that. Like Like And that has never happened the most. That is the most didn't happen  of all time. Yeah, so with that, like you could do, depending on how sort of up for it you're feeling, but like for something like that, you could, that's where you could add like a little bit more information in the, in the caption and like kind of, you know, not educate, but kind of explain a little bit further. Uh, and then that will obviously naturally lead into the CTA.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, what I would do is, yeah, that worked really well. So it's like definitely continue that up. And then. Yeah. One thing I would do for you. I was on performance in. in. Hensing drugs for four years and came off everything one year. Yeah, because from, like, from whenever, everything I'm seeing, you're doing good, you know, coaching-specific health-related content. So the content's there. It's just more so about making me ask now. You know what I mean? And then if we're on here, what do we do?
Morgan Eldrett: Do do much with your stories? Hey.
Kyle Musca: Do you do much with your stories?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, kind of. I did put a CTA on there yesterday that, like, got lots of views, but not, it's, like, weird. I feel like when I put stories up, like, and especially with CTAs with, like, like, application link, like, they get lots of views, but nobody clicks the link. Like, it just, like, yesterday, I think my story got, like, 4,000 views, and it was just, like, me sort of explaining, it was, like, something about food and nutrition, whatever. And then I said, I put, like, a coaching, whatever. It wasn't so much, like, I'm looking for... For X amount of girls, it was just like kind of educational. But I think I only got like one link click. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so stories like pretty, like almost dead, I would say. You just don't get very many views or anything like that. Like no one gets very many good views at all on stories. What I would do is I would also start incorporating a few more carousels. Yeah, carousels, carousels, onto your feed. And the key thing there is just like telling a little bit of a story. Okay. So carousels, would kind of like feed posts, like photos and again carousels. They're how I would think of like what stories used to be. You know what I mean? They're more so, they're going to more so show it to your actual following.
Morgan Eldrett: Whereas Reels is designed to, yes, show it to some of your following, but also push it out and try and find new followers more. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So someone who does this well is like Matt, for example. We. You've been over this before?
Morgan Eldrett: Not his carousels.
Kyle Musca: Yes. So the biggest thing with carousels seems, one, telling a story, but also keeping it nice and simple. You know, mean, something like this, for example. I had passion for natural bodybuilding, and I was always striving to be the hardest worker in the room. I surrounded myself with winners and grew a  beard, which will never return. Yeah. You know, being a little bit more personal, a more relatable, you know what mean? Yeah. This is Liam, my first PT mentor, a huge part of why I'm here today. In 2016, I was consistently doing 55 to 60 clients per week and did for nearly 10 years. The first few years, this was the name of business. I later found out the web don't even use as a  website and started to pivot. You know what mean? A little bit of humor. But see how it's just like these things, you know what mean? It's nothing, you're not trying to like, I find when it gets too wordy, people don't read it. You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I actually did a... a... Greenleaf... of 할�le listen. Thank I of them a little while ago, and I do them for the podcast as well, actually, but I can definitely increase them as well. I'm trying to find on my account.
Kyle Musca: I feel like I did more carousels ages ago. Once you start, you know, getting client transmissions and stuff, like more of them, they're also really great to put into the carousels themselves.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because then, you know, similar kind of format to kind of like how my talking videos are, because I do the same. I do the same for basically same concept for these videos. I don't know if you've ever seen these ones, but essentially I start with a specific topic. So, you know, the lean you are, the big you look. And then, you know, basically like, you know, it's a common misconception. And, you know, you'll be more defined, which make you get.
Morgan Eldrett: And scroll down to a little bit more.
Kyle Musca: Also, see, this got good engagement as well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. I feel like my stuff is pretty average around there. Go down a little bit more. This one on the right, go up a little bit, sorry. The one that says about anti-inflammation, the one next to the one on the right. Yeah, if you, so that got good engagement. If you click through, I did actually put a client at the end. So, like, it's like kind of a really value heavy post, but you obviously don't have to read all the information. It's pretty boring. But the end, I put a client. I don't know if you think that's, like, good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. So, you can either slot them in, like, midway through or you can slot them in at the end. For carousels, if they get midway through. They're more than likely going to get to the end. I try and get them in midway through just in case you do have a bit of a drop-off, then you can, you know, obviously they still, like, they get a little bit engaged with it. And then, obviously, this was a while ago, so it was five weeks ago, so before we even spoke about it, one-on-one coaching. If you want to be next, go apply or something like that, and I'll be in contact or something. Just because, yeah, you got, like, you're getting, but that's great. You what you can use these to, in a way, educate, like, sort of similar to that, or tell, like, a little bit of a story. You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But they seem to consistently do, you know, 982. Is that just those types of photos? Yep. Cool. 982. Now, the other thing here is, like, and I think we've already spoken about this, it's not always about educating. You know what mean? And to be honest, it's kind of the opposite. I find the more you educate, the harder it is to actually sell. So... So... The dream body type thing, the lifestyle more than anything.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, so especially for girls, I find like for girls, like the less, I mean, obviously, if you can talk really well and build a really great relationship and a co-audience with your followers, then that's always the way to go. But I find with girls like, you know, Kiana, for example, never really speaks on camera unless she does the collaborations with, you know, Jessie and stuff for Shieldsphere. Or someone like, you know, Emily, for example, I know we've spoken about her before, doesn't really ever speak. Obviously, you know, her new content's a bit weird, but like never really speaks, but does a lot of the, you know, very trendy shows the physique. The physique, yeah, that's probably the best way to sell it. Say the physique is going to sell itself. You know what I mean? So you just have to make it very clear. Like you come on here. I help ladies achieve their dream body and confidence. DM elevate for details, right? Again, I wouldn't do DM, but like you come on here very, very clearly. The, that, you know, she's very, like, you know, fit, workout-related, coaching-related, right?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I would, honestly, I feel like if you did a combination between those two, which you kind of already do, but something like this, you know, 17.9 million. And you can see it's, I'd say the reason is because it's very close up.
Morgan Eldrett: She's obviously, like, very sweaty and everything like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, close up of the physique and everything like that. You know, because girls see that and they're like, that's what I want. I want the flat stomach, the toning, everything like that. You know what mean? Obviously, the sweaty just adds the extra, like, look to it. And then, oh, no, that's not the right one. But, like, and you come on and your page doesn't look too dissimilar to theirs. You know what mean? It's just like, I think, literally, I think probably the largest. Missing piece of you right now is just actually being confident to make the ask.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have you had many applications come through from your job form in the last week?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I had two today and then I think one yesterday. So yeah, I posted a CTA yesterday on my story and then yeah, had one yesterday. Oh no, sorry, two yesterday and two today, which is pretty good. One was like a weird one that didn't give her phone number or her Instagram, so I've emailed her, which is really rogue. But yeah, I'm just waiting to hear back from the other two that I've messaged this morning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So you can message, have you tried calling him?
Morgan Eldrett: No. Well, actually, every single one, one... One... Two, three, four. Oh, no. Yeah, three out of the four are not in Australia.
Kyle Musca: Right. Where's your audience from, mainly?
Morgan Eldrett: I don't know. Let me have look at my insights. I do have a pretty bigger audience in America because when my posing videos popped off, they popped off in America. I didn't really have a lot of Australian clients. The majority of my posing clients were international. Let me have a quick look. Oh, wait. I don't even know how to find that. On my laptop. I can't see where they're from. But one was from Utah, like a thingy. One was from I don't even know where. Yeah, when you go to following, it should say like location and then you can change it to country and city. Let me just grab my phone real quick. So it's 25% Australia, 25% America, and then the rest is everywhere else. Um, what I feel like is, um, my following in Australia, well, potentially, but like my following in Australia is very heavy on bodybuilding posing, like, because that's how everyone in Australia knows me. I feel like outside of it potentially is a little bit different. Um, but I do still get like, um, inquiries from like majority of my clients are from Australia.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That's it. We'll keep that in our back pocket because, um, when we eventually step back in ads again, we might. I'd even like look at going into US as well, just because one, if you've got a strong audience there, right? Second thing is Americans usually have a better buying mindset. Australians are just naturally a stingier, especially with the way the economy is at the moment. There's not a lot of like free sort of, you know, a lot of people don't have a lot of disposable income to actually afford something like this. Whereas in America, their economy is doing, you know, a fair bit better. So I would honestly just get into the habit of every single post, just throw a CTA on it.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, because you never.
Morgan Eldrett: Can you actually, sorry, can you look at Callum's account? I think I just collabed with you on the other photo so you can, all that pops up. Why does his not pop up for you either?
Kyle Musca: That's so random. I don't know. He could be shadow banned or something. I don't know. I don't Shadowban, because it does, he gets good views, but.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, so like I've been doing all Callum's content lately and trying to put the same, if you see this most recent reel, that one where it says like the sounder here when someone says blah blah blah, like is that CTA, was kind of like stuck, I was like what do I say, does that need to be more specific, I'm just thinking if I learn for Callum I can do the same for myself, would that CTA should be more More like if you want to build six kilos of muscle or like in 12 weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yes.
Morgan Eldrett: That, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the thing with CTAs is I like to call out, you know, I mean, draw attention to it. So emoji, like big red emoji, obviously you don't have to use that, but like get an emoji that does actually draw attention. Yeah. And then I kind of. See, this is the title, you know what mean? Like the title of, again, I think we spoke about this last week, a newspaper is like what draws the attention and to see if you want to read on. Yeah. I need help becoming him. If you do a video basically like this, you know what I mean? They're like, well, what does that mean? I'll help you cut. And then with the CTA itself, kind of like what we put in the bio, we need a big, bold, tangible promise. You know what mean? People should know exactly what they can expect if they were to come to work to you. Because it's like, you know, becoming strong and confident and lean and stuff, that's great. But it doesn't really inspire, it doesn't really incite inspiration from them. You know what I mean? Whereas they can, you know, if I say cut 10 kilos of fat and get the best physical and mental shape off your life, it's like that's something that's a little, it's tangible for them. You know, they can see it. So for Calum, it might be like, you know, cut 10 kilos of fat, you know, stack on six. Kilos of muscle and fill out your frame. Or cut 10 kilos of fat and get six-pack abs. But for you and Callum, I see tangible, but again, as we've spoken about, more so goal-orientated and physical attributes. You know what I mean? Get a  race, grow your glutes. You know what mean? Tone your body. know it's a marketing term, but it's like, you know, use it. Once they come in, you can explain what toning actually is. Yeah. Yeah, mean, but like tangible attributes, I think, is going to be the thing that's working well for you. And, you know, Cal, I basically had the same conversation with you as I did Cal in terms of like, this is what we're going to do for our marketing moving forward. Let's get more physical, tangible goal-outcome-orientated angles. And that's been working quite well for him on his ads as well. So that's what I'll do. And then just like a separate line, again, just to make it very, very clear. The issue is if you said, like, if I put that there, then it can get hidden with the rest of the text. it's like everything that we want to stand out, we give it its own, like, little block. You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Title, the actual seat, like, the actual, I guess, goal, I guess, or what they can expect, and then how to actually apply the CTA. Go apply for coaching.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then it's like when you click onto that account.
Morgan Eldrett: It's there.
Kyle Musca: It should be very clear how to do it. Online coach helped over 1,000 men cut 10 kilos in three months or less apply for coaching.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, there's no confusion of, like, how to get there or what to expect once they're there.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Did that work?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Then with trending sounds and audios and stuff like that. aureème Okay. Let Okay. Okay. vulnerability. Um, when you're on Reels, like if you see someone like Emily's content or something like that, it's very, it's, it's not very hard, but like, if you know what you're doing, your algorithm, how is your feed posts and your feed and algorithm when you go to try and source inspiration?
Morgan Eldrett: Is it do all right or not? Um, you mentioned it last time about clicking interested. I, I do, cause I do all of Callum's stuff as well for him. It's full of like  men half the time. Um, but I kind of just click into people and, and the more I like click into it. Um, so yeah, you, you showed me how to like press interested in people's like videos and more will pop up like that. Um, so yeah, I think like I did that with that one that says it's you versus you. Like I saw somebody do that one. literally just pretty much copied it and then I just clicked similar and I found heaps that were similar to that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cause once you start getting doing that. A decent amount, then it's like you get, it just sort of flubs your feet with that specific type of content, which is a good thing if that's what you want it to do. But yeah, honestly, I think if you just start, I would just get into the habit of just doing a big, bold CTA on everything you do. Because again, you never know what's going to, one, do really well. Like the last thing you want is for a video to, you know, go really viral as it did with this one. And have a CTA in it, which is great, but not a very like strong CTA, if that makes sense. You know what mean? I think it's like when self-centered, how are you? This is my business. And this is yours. I am here. The problem is you are also here. You know what mean? And like, so for, for, for, me, I mean, like. Want to, want to fuel your body to become the strongest. Sexiest, happiest version of yourself. I'll help you cut 6 to 10 kilos over the next 90 days while enjoying foods you absolutely love. If you're keen, go apply for coaching. See how that is so much more enticing than just a regular CTA, just one-on-one fitness and wellness coaching available.
Morgan Eldrett: Apply for your link. Yeah, because I guess, like, if somebody who doesn't know that they want coaching but maybe knows that they want to lose weight will read it and be able to, like, it will make more sense to them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because this is just the CTA, but it doesn't take into consideration the, well, one, the goal, but also the, like, the struggle, you know, while eating foods that you love. You know what mean? So, it's like, if it doesn't apply to the video, you know, whatever your post you're doing, it's like, you don't, it doesn't. Always have to be applied. Like, apply. You can just do, you know, like for me, for example, had nothing to apply. I'm just in the habit of , I'm throwing a CTA on every single post I do. I don't care. You I want to be, I want to not be whatever this is. You know, I'll be in the best physical shape of your life faster than you feel possible if you can go apply for coaching. Like, you know what mean? Like, it's just a habit now. Like, everything I post is the same. It's CTA, add the hashtags, press prompt, press poll, and then because I'm in Thailand, I put the location as Melbourne. You know what I mean? And it's just the same rinse and repeat method.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Now, one thing I'd also do is like, just because of the timeframe here, I would do a CTA. What even is this? What has happened to it? Where are we looking here? Yeah, so Sunday. So, I mean, today or tomorrow, you might even want to do a CTA to say, like, I'm looking for five women to, you know, start, you know, on March, essentially. Because when we, you always want to look for, like, I guess, deadlines or, you know, I guess certain specific timeframes for you to make an offer. You know what mean? So, like, start of a, like, obviously, start of a new week's a pretty standard one. You can kind of do that throughout the entire month. Start of a new month's even better.
Morgan Eldrett: Start of a new year is even better.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So, it's like, I'm looking to take on, you know, five women to kickstart March and lose six to 10 kilos over the next 90 days while eating foods they love. You know what mean? If that's you, apply for coaching.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, okay, I'm looking to take on... Blah, blah, blah. Blah, Uh, six to eight women. Um, okay, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: But I would, I would just love to see if we're going to focus on organic. I would just love to see, you know, over the next week, if you keep posting what you're posting, because it's getting good engagement. Um, you're getting plenty of eyeballs on you. Um, and then just adding, um, adding like just CTAs to every post, just go ham on it and see what the response is.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm, yeah. And then maybe like, so one CTA story that's like saying I'm looking for X amount of women, and then do you think like another one throughout the week to do like, just like casual, like a little bit more like cash, or just do like one a week that's like specifically asking, like I'm looking to take on six, eight women, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so have you, have we gone over? Oh, yeah. So what I would do here is I would have a bit of a framework, like a bit of a structure, right? right. Now, Monday, do, Sunday, Monday, do a hard, organic bumping, there we go, organic lead, Jordan. Yes, is this on? So Monday, I do a hard CTA, which is kind of like I'm looking for, you know, X amount of girls to do X amount of weight loss over X amount of months, right? That's you go apply for coaching. Now, on Tuesday, you might do like, let's say a questionnaire. Every Tuesday, you do a questionnaire, you know, that time of the week, again, ask me anything, life, fitness, whatever. You know what mean? That's really good for one, you can respond. On your stories and give a little bit more coaching information, education, everything like that. And you can respond back to the people, you know, because if someone has that question, there's more than likely another viewer that has that question as well. If you can help solve that, then they may, you know, start to look at you more as a potential option for a coach. The second one is you can reply straight back to that person in the DMs. So it's like you could reply to it on your story, but then send them, you know, obviously a specific message afterwards. You know, like, I really struggle with, you know, nutritional information or something like that. They'll be like, hey, girl, I just replied to this on my story, but I wanted to, you know, touch base just to see if there's anything else I could help you with. Dive into it a little bit deeper, you know, what are you currently trying to do? You know what mean? And start the conversation off that. Now, with the, that's a softer CTA. With these softer CTAs, the ultimate goal here is to start conversation, right? So, and it does require a little bit more manual work from you to do these. So there's that one. And then let's say, you know, Wednesday, for example, you do, I mean, there's different things you could do theoretically, if you want to really break. Break this down. could technically do a live. You could do one that works really, really well is like a poll. You know what mean? So it's like, do you struggle with, you know, like, again, nutrition training just off the top of head, very, very basic. Because every single person that, you know, clicks nutrition, you can message off the back end, like, hey, go on. So you're struggling with nutrition. I just want to sort of touch base with you, see if there's anything like I could sort of help, you know, guide you. What is it you're currently trying to achieve?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So just messaging off the back end of that. That's a poll. Another one is a sticker tap. You know what mean? Like I'm giving, there's different methods you could do. For one, for example, it's like, I've got, I've got 30 minutes available. A client had to cancel something this afternoon. So I've got 30 minutes available. The first person that touches this sticker, I'll give a completely free nutrition order to. Yeah, mean, and you message them off the back end of them and you try and qualify them a little bit or something like that. But if you were going to do something like that, you could always like, as soon as you put it up and then like 10, you know, a minute later or whatever, you just put up another story, be like, wow, that got snapped up quickly. Ha ha, should I do more of these? You know what mean? Something like that. One, that just really pushes the scarcity. So it's like, if you're going to do them, you know, maybe once a week, for example, you know, people know that they need to click on that  quickly. Now, the cool thing about that as well is like anyone that clicks on it, you know, they're going to click on it before they see that second story. So you can always message out to them like, hey, you know, you didn't, you know, you weren't the first person to click, but I saw you clicked on it anyway. So I thought I'd just like reach out, touch base, see if there's anything I can help you with.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Start the conversation that way and then try and like passively qualify them similar to the DM script. And then if they're qualified, be like, hey, look, like I'm happy to jump on and give you that free nutrition audit then. And then you just go into a cell off the back end of that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. So pretty much everything with the CTAs on the screen. Stories, other than like a link to actually apply for coaching, everything else is to try and just create conversation so that you can pretty much just follow the DM script in the end.
Kyle Musca: To a degree, yeah. So yeah, this is what I was looking for. So I do two direct CTAs a week. So one on Sunday, Monday, where it's like the I'm looking for XYZ to XYZ. And then usually Thursday for me, so today, it's more of a transformation focused thing. You know what I mean? We're running short on time here. the other thing, the other really important thing I wanted to get across here as well is flood your stories with as much social proof as humanly possible. So anytime a girl, you know, messages in a check-in or messages you or like, you know, says anything positive about your coaching in any way, shape, or form, it's like chuck that up on your story. I mean, do not be shy with those. Get as many of those up as you possibly can. Social proof is like one of the sort of most influential things for people to... You start to look at you as the authority because if there's other people raving about your service, other people saying it's so great, it's changed their life, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, then it's like, wow, this girl must be really, really good. You know what I mean? And obviously, the more of you can do, it's a real big consistency thing. You know, posting it once, people aren't going to remember. But if you're constantly posting every single day a different girl saying, like, you've changed my life. I'm absolutely loving the program. I'm loving the meal plans. It's easier than I've ever done before. It's like you're just flooding everyone that is watching with overwhelming proof that you know that you're, like, you're actually good at capable of doing this. You know, same thing if you're doing a check-in and a girl's lost, you know, even, you know, let's say a kilo in a week or something like that. Huge shout-out to my girl, you know, Meg, who's lost a, you know, kilo or four kilos since starting up three weeks ago. You know what mean? Love to see it. You know, it's just simple stuff like that. It doesn't have to be anything too crazy. The other thing, you don't always, if you're going to post on your stories, it's like you don't want to just be doing CTAs. Like, the soft CTAs are good because it's like you kind of just. And it's like, click this sticker if you want me to send it through. You know what mean? And then you go message and start the conversation off the back end to anyone that messaged through there. The story type, the poll thing is what Coben did a lot to build not only his old coaching business when he was doing it himself, but also he gets a lot off it from Hattie's as well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then educational carousels and stuff. If you're going to do these, I would honestly just make a feed post out of them rather than spend all that time just to put it on the story. I would probably essentially just look at that as, yeah, a feed post.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, that's easy.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I think so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because like the reality of organic is like not extremely complicated, but it's just about consistency and just covering all angles and hatches and everything like that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I think if you just add CTAs, just get into the habit of, you know, everything we post now, post you get up is just CTA on that. You know what mean? Just to test the response is essentially what we want. You know what mean? We don't want, because a lot of it, you're already doing well. You're getting good engagement. You know, you're clearly seen as a fitness authority, everything like that. Now we just have to make the ask and make it very clear that people know how to contact you and why they should contact you. You know what I mean? So that's the difference between, like, just go apply for coaching versus, you know, if you want to lose 6 to 10 kilos while eating foods you love, go apply for coaching.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Any further questions on that?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I think that's good. Post every day, keep looking at those two girls. CTA on every post. I'll do a hard CTA on Friday, that one you just said, like, to kickstart March or whatever. And then, like, soft CTA story once or twice throughout the week. And I'll make sure Callum's CTAs are the same on all of his posts. And I think we're good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, yeah, I think the biggest thing for you is just, I guess, shifting the belief and sort of being confident to make the ask, if that makes sense.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. No, I definitely agree. I can definitely see that's where I'm at. The same, Callum keeps saying, he's like, you just need to do it and believe in yourself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And people will pick up if you don't as well. That's the other thing. Like, it will resonate. So, it's like, you know, I wouldn't tell you to do it if I wasn't capable in your ability to coach them.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. And I am, too. It's literally just like the everything else, like me putting it out there. It's always the hard thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. If you do have any questions on any of it, just let me know. But, yeah, we'll dial in this whole process. And then, you know, once it's, because if organic's going well, that's a very good green flag.
Morgan Eldrett: It's like, okay, cool. The ads will do well. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Cool. Thanks for that. I'll let you know. I think everything in meta's done, like, I paid for it. So I think you should be able to, like, if you need to do anything in it. But let me know if it still doesn't let you change anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I turned that off. So that's all good.
Morgan Eldrett: Okay. Did you need, like, did you need, did I pay for it so you could turn it off? Did that work?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So you must have paid for it. And then that allowed me to turn it off.
Morgan Eldrett: So I turned it off before. Cool. Okay, cool. Yeah. That's, I was just wondering if I still had payments, like, that were coming out. But that's perfect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. No worries. Perfect. All right. Very keen to see how that goes. And yeah, if you need me, just let me know. Yeah. All right. Thank you so much. No worries. See ya.


>>> 111/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-26T07:12:02Z | id:125493936
People: Kyle Musca

Ava: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey.
Asha Tao: Oh, everyone's here.
Kyle Musca: How's things?
Asha Tao: Good, how are you? Kyle, Ava, Ava, Kyle, finally meeting Hey, nice to meet you too.
Ava: Nice to meet you too.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Well, we'll rip right in. Apologies for being a little bit behind. No, you're so. Cool. How has this week gone overall?
Asha Tao: So yesterday and today has given me a little bit more confidence. I felt really  literally last night until she paid because I was like, no one's joined a call. Everyone's canceled. I've made no sales, but Now that I've made two, I'm like, okay, it's good. But obviously, like, things would have been different if, like, I had 10 people not show up to calls. And, like, five of them, sorry, five not show and five cancel. So it's, and I was messaging and being like, hey, you want to reschedule? When's a good time to reschedule? And just nothing. So that's a bit disheartening, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's a big red flag, especially if organic. Like, organic, you know, these girls should be, like, you're going to have that star power with these girls. So, like, they should be super keen to get on the call. There's two things that I want to look at for that. The other thing is, yeah, I like to think of, like, sales as kind of like crack. Like, if you have a really good week, you're just going to be over the moon.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you have a good week, you're just going to be over the moon. Like, you know, you're untouchable. Everything is going well. And then if you have a bad week, it's just like a deep pit of depressions. Try and not take it.
Asha Tao: I was thinking, I'm just going to have to get a real job. Can't even get a sale. I got real depressed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I find like, were you doing them at your current rates?
Asha Tao: The two sales that I got? Yes. So I didn't, the one I got last night, the $12.50, that is the normal price I'd usually charge or like, I don't know why we set it at $12.50 when normally it's like $12.50. $12 but I just typed in Fitness Bestie and I was like, cool, we'll go with the highest one there. And then the sale I just did before is, yeah, $2 more. I don't know why. I just stress calculated. I was like, yep, this much. But I think once we have this discussion and go over what Ava sent you last night, it'll just make it a bit clearer. And like, obviously I'm happier to charge more. Um, and I have been following this. Script. And I said to Ava, I'm like, funny what happens when I actually just stick to the script? And then the sales are like, yeah. I mean, the girl's like, yeah, okay. That sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So there's a fair few things I want to pick apart. One, the script is really good for emotional selling. So it's like, if you can really get the pain points out, then it's like, you know, losing, you know, six kilos, is that worth two grand? No, probably not. But losing six kilos so you can feel more confident to, you know, wear your favorite bikini down the beach because you haven't been able to do that in three years. That, to most people, is then worth the price, right? Yeah. So it's like, they make the decision based off emotion and then they'll justify it logically later.
Asha Tao: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: So the biggest thing is the sharp rate. So that's the biggest problem. We'll cover that first. And then I do want to get into reviewing some calls.
Asha Tao: Did you record any? So I think I downloaded Fathom, but I had... The one before was literally just on my phone because I was like, hey, babe, when's a good time to chat? She's like, let's chat now. I wonder if yesterday's, let me, how do I even check Fathom? Because yesterday was via Zoom. Sorry, Google me. And I think it set it up.
Kyle Musca: Why you can't open this up?
Asha Tao: Hey, how do I find where the recordings go?
Kyle Musca: If you recorded it on your laptop through Zoom or did you do it on Fathom?
Asha Tao: On my laptop through Google Meet. And it says like start recording. I don't know if I press start recording because if it's not. No, I think it was a scheduled call. And then the other one was a phone call as well. It was a girl, I should have sent a link, but it was in my car and I didn't expect her to pick up.
Kyle Musca: And I was like, oh, let's go. Yeah. Okay. So I don't think if you have to press start recording on Google Meet for it to actually record. Okay, so  that up, yeah. Okay, so no stress there. We'll go over the script in that case and more so the closing part. Let's go over what we did go here. So five no-shows, five cancels. have three tonight and one Saturday booked. So the core bookings are there, which is fantastic. Like you're getting a ton of applications. If we can, again, just get this to convert, then we are like so good. So first and foremost, how soon are booking these girls? Like when you have that first conversation with them to the actual call, what's usually the timeframe gap?
Asha Tao: So I always try to, let's just say I've had a bunch come in overnight. I'll call them, like one will pick up. That's the first girl I've had pick up out of the last, what, two weeks. And then I messaged them. I'm like, do you have any time today? I'm always off today.
Kyle Musca: Okay. On that, are you double calling?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect.
Asha Tao: I feel like they're all at work or I don't know, but like it'll either ring once, like do not disturb, ring again, or they hang up on me is what I've realized. What was I saying? Oh, yeah. So call. I always try to book them in. Hey.
Ava: You only just change your availability. So like last week.
Asha Tao: With the inquiries online, I've changed it, but like when I contact them myself, I'll usually be like, can you do something within the next hour or like, you know, trying to get them on within the same day.
Ava: With a lot of the clients that cancelled on like say Tuesday, Wednesday, they booked over the weekend.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Ava: Because I didn't have Monday calls originally available through Calumlee.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Asha Tao: Yeah, so. to change that. Let me just double check.
Kyle Musca: So it doesn't, it doesn't really seem like that's the problem as much. Realistically, any.
Asha Tao: I also think it's the generic one as well. I haven't actually changed anything in the Calendly, like, reminder thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the issue with Calendly is they all come from the same Calendly number. So if they've ever booked with anyone that's ever used Calendly before, it's going to come from the same number.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this is the flow that we essentially want to use for automation. Yeah. So as soon as they've got a call, they should get an email and text reminder, basically saying your call has been booked in. Now, ideally, and we'll get into this one if get into the manual component of it, but we want them to make sure that they add this to their calendar when they get this. Okay. So it's not on someone's calendar. It's very, very easy for them to forget. And we want to make sure they have access to everything. Zoom link, which that also needs to change. What's anything highlighted with needs of a specific coach? Yes. I'm going to highlight that blue because you use Google Meet.
Asha Tao: So I use Google Meet, but it comes from Calendly.
Kyle Musca: Or do you want me to just use Zoom?
Asha Tao: Like, is that going to be something that's easier?
Kyle Musca: No, Google Meet's the better way to go, just because it's one that's slightly more affordable, if not free, I think. It's easier for people to access Google Meet. I'm pretty sure they can join just by clicking the link on their computer. Anyway, whereas Zoom, if people haven't used Zoom before, it's a little bit more complicated. Oh, you've got to download it, and it's so dumb. Yeah, so Google Meet's fine. We'll keep it with that. So SMS and email, as soon as they confirm, as soon as they book the call for confirmation, then we want one 24 hours before the call, right? So it's like calls tomorrow, cool. I won't actually go through it now, but just a heads up, you know, we're good for tomorrow, right?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One thing I'll do is, and I'll send this to you, that's more of the manual component part, but having a pretty cool video that you send through as well.
Asha Tao: My rate of success at the moment with calls, I'm like, I just, yeah, want people to not be like, this  is annoying me.
Kyle Musca: Yes. So, I mean, it's like finding that fine line of where it's reminding them without like annoying them too much.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, for this, for example, yeah, I got 10 minutes before a call.
Asha Tao: Cool. What are you in right now?
Kyle Musca: This is GoHighLevel. So, this is eventually where we will move. Yeah. One system makes it a little bit easier.
Asha Tao: Can I still do this with the Calendly automations? Like, obviously, I'd feel like I can't get as in-depth.
Kyle Musca: No, you can. Calendly has workflows that you can do it on.
Asha Tao: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The only issue is it will come from, again, Calendly's number, whereas this one comes from, so you can attach an actual Australian and US number and stuff to GoHighLevel.
Asha Tao: And send it from that number. Couple of those girls this week, but it still has like accept or decline.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So for that, I would definitely book through Calendly.
Asha Tao: Like see this, like they're just declining it. So the ones that have canceled are just saying like, no, I can't make it. And then I'll be like, hey, babe, did you want to reschedule? Like what time works best for you? So yeah, moving forward, I'll just make it. So we've got all the automations in place.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So do it through Calendly for that reason. And then, so the issue is if you book them in and you're like, cool, I'll chat to you tomorrow at 3 p.m., you will experience a massive decrease in show up rate. So I learned this when I got an AI setter into my account and it was like doing really well for the conversating in the first part. And then once it booked in the call, it's like, cool, booked in for 3 p.m. I'll chat to you then. And then just like ended the conversation. And then my show up rate went from like 60% right down to 20%. It was a huge pain in the . So what you have to do here is. After you book in the call, this is essentially, do you have this DM script?
Asha Tao: Did you just send, there was something that didn't work the other day, I think I've got this.
Kyle Musca: I don't think, we haven't covered this, I don't think, but this is more, but this part's still relevant.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So essentially what you need to do is after you book them in on the call, it's like, again, you obviously reword it. So anything I send you like this, again, just make a copy of it and you can reword as much as your heart desires. Yeah. Obviously just don't need the actual, you know, direction of the conversation. So we all logged in, you should have got a confirmation email sent to you. Could you go through and confirm that? So it will add it to your calendar, make it easy to keep track of. And then send, did that come through? So directly asking, did they get that?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Make sure they confirmed it. That will add it to their calendar. So they've RSVP'd and it's directly in there.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, Basically, after you book it in and they've confirmed, they've added it to it, we just reconfirm. And just to confirm, will you 100% be able to make that time? I'm going to spend some time reviewing things.
Asha Tao: Do you ask them like their goals and their struggles and stuff beforehand? If I have a call with them?
Kyle Musca: Like when you reach out to them.
Asha Tao: So, no. When I text them, it's just like, hey, babe, like you've inquired for one-on-one weightless coaching. Is there a time that suits you? And then unless, I think I sent you a screenshot the other day. She was like, oh, what's your pricing? And then we're like, oh, it's individualized. Like I just kind of, I'm like, let's book a call and we'll go from there. But is that where you want me to start asking the questions?
Kyle Musca: So, the other thing here is like you might not be building enough kind of rapport with them.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What I would do is probably, I was kind of the same when I would do it myself. So, one is like I would use very non-commitment terminology here. So, it's like, hey, girl, I was just checking through my coaching application. I think it's actually in here. Yeah. I just having a look at my coaching applications. I saw you potentially, so potentially keen to get some help. So you could do two things. One is, because this is obviously, I want to qualify a little bit harder, but for you, it's like, you might want to go into either saying, potentially get some help. Were you still keen to, you know, look into something like that or something like that, just to give permission to actually start the conversation? Yeah. The second one is, you could go into something like this, you before we jump the gun, I just want to run through a few things to see if, you know, we're going to be a good fit. And then you follow this DM structure where it's like goal question, struggle question, and then you wouldn't, you've already got their occupation, everything like that. So you wouldn't really ask anything else. You would, after the struggle question, that's when you would go into, okay, awesome. I couldn't do right now, but how about we line up a call over the next day or so, dive into things a little bit deeper, map things out. Yeah. you'd down for it. You know what I mean?
Asha Tao: No, I like that. I feel like when we had a good rate. Of signups, Ava was in emails and she was asking them questions about themselves and they were giving us a lot more of their time. So, and then we'd get signups that way. So I feel like that would, yeah, that'd be great.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the thing with this is like these questions, and this is a whole DM setting where I want primarily to come into it when get into ads and stuff, but you don't want to ever deviate from the direction of this script. You know what mean? Like the number one issue people face with setting is they start going down into rabbit holes of conversating a little bit too much. You know, they start asking like, you know, how long have been trying to achieve that goal? You know, what's been the, you know, again, not necessarily a struggle question because you should ask that, but then almost trying to coach and then go down separate rabbit holes. You know what mean? Essentially what we want to do is ask the question, when they respond, we acknowledge what they say and personalize the response and then continue moving through the conversation with the next question.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you know, what do you have a specific goal? Unbooks a call that doesn't show or cancels last minute.
Asha Tao: really mucks me around quite a bit. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'll say yes. Cool. Direct confirmation. Awesome. And then now this part is more so for explaining one, primarily how to get on the call. But look, if something does pop up, that's fine.
Asha Tao: Just let me know. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because we don't want be like, you know, too cunty about it, essentially. So if something does pop up, if have any issues jumping on, feel free to shoot me a message here. I'm more than happy to lend you a hand. You might say, if you're actually texting from your number, you might say, this is my personal message, personal number. So feel free to shoot me a message here. more than happy to lend a hand. And here's the booking link to make it easier.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Now the call will be on Google Meet. So please make sure you've got Google Meet downloaded. So explaining how to get on and what they need to do in preparation for the call.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Because if you get to, that's another drop-off point. you, you know, this, these people are lazy. You know what mean? They're people who struggle with weight and accountability and everything like That discipline, they might actually be ready to get on the call and then, you know, I've got to download an app. Nah,  it. I'm just not going to do it. And then they're a dick about it. They just don't even text you or let you know. So you're sitting there for like 15 minutes. I've had literally people say they're about to jump on the call and then realize they have to download an app and then just like not reply to me at all. It's like, yeah, I mean, so it's just explained very clearly how to get on the call, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And then we wrap the conversation up. Awesome chatting to you, you know, Sarah. Super keen to see what we've come up with. I'm going to spend some time going over what we spoke about and just make sure I can get about just to make sure we can dive right in when we chat. So please make sure you let me know if anything pops up. Cool. Then this is where I'll send something like this video. Okay. So this is just a Loom video. This I won't play right now, but it basically shows. It says in the video, like, show up on time, you know, respect my time. I'll let you watch it in your own time. Show up on time, respect my time, be ready to, like, learn, ask questions, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. You know, if you need to speak to your partner or whatever beforehand, make sure you have that conversation. I'll let you watch that. It's pretty self-planatory. Yeah. What I'll do here as well is I'll share this so you can make your own copy.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, obviously, to watch that, it's going to be in that DM script at the bottom.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Fun. Now, this one, don't worry about this one. This one is just one I made that basically shows people the app so they have an actual visual representation so they know what they're going into, but it's not as necessary.
Asha Tao: The main one is this one. Do you think it's something that might get them a little bit more interested?
Kyle Musca: In terms of?
Asha Tao: I guess signing up. If they're like, oh, like this is cool. Like I could have something that's like directly on my phone or.
Kyle Musca: You could do, I wouldn't overcomplicate it. Like what you could do here is, I wouldn't worry about it for now. Yeah. You could, we could add that in as time goes on. You don't have macro built yet, do you?
Asha Tao: Macroactive. It's just taken me a while to get the exercise library finished, but we're nearly there. That's like the only thing. And I think it's going to take a few more weeks after that, but it's basically all done. What is it, Ava? Like six to eight weeks after the videos, or is that just because I've taken so long?
Ava: Eight weeks after the videos.
Asha Tao: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I should probably do that ASAP. Yeah. So I mean, Ava. I really worry about it for right now. We can include, that's not the biggest deal. Yeah. Now, not only does that obviously explain, you know, show up on time, you know, add it to your calendar, here's how to get on the call. It also, you know, makes it feel a little bit more personalized because if you just reach out and you're like, hey, so you apply for one-on-one coaching, you know, when are you free over the next couple, like few days, let's jump on a call. You're like, oh, good, I'm tomorrow, 4 p.m. Cool, I'll book you in there tomorrow at 4 p.m. I'll chat to you then.
Asha Tao: It's like not very personal, you know what mean? Yeah, can see how I haven't really heard back from any people, to be honest. Somebody just like, eh, there's no value, there's no, like, interest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's something, yeah, we want to build a bit of rapport with these people. We actually want to chat to them so they feel, you know, because otherwise they might just think you're like an AI, you're sort of a bot, et cetera, or something like that. So if you actually, like, chat to them, they'll, you know, feel a little bit more. Again, it's just about adding personalization in when these kind of scenarios are happening.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you might even want to say. Send a voice note or something like that.
Asha Tao: I was just going to say once they respond, I could send that as a voice note just so they don't think it's like some automation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So you don't have to go too crazy with the voice notes. Now, the final piece to this puzzle is going in here. And then sending a manual pre-call message. So two messages, two manual messages. So one is before you wrap up for the day.
Asha Tao: Did you just put that email into Instagram?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I book them through Instagram. So that's how I can source them.
Asha Tao: Right.
Kyle Musca: You can't do that if you don't have their Instagram. don't have do you don't don't don't don't don't Thank
Asha Tao: Yeah. Oh, so yeah, that's what was going to say. didn't know you could search someone's email in their Instagram contact.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's only because they've sent it to me on Google, so I can search there.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, the day before, like before you wrap up for the day, the day before, so if the call's, let's say, Friday, then you would do it Thursday night or Thursday afternoon, whenever you're wrapping up. And you basically say, you know, hey, hey, Jess, just looking through my calendar for tomorrow and canka fam, we're still good for X time. So you're reminding them about the time that it is. Be very, very cautious with the time, which if you follow the DM script, you don't actually get that. Be cautious of the time because if they're in, you know, Sydney, 4.30 is obviously 5.30 for them.
Asha Tao: So I have been like double checking time zone. I'm like, look, can't even speak. I'm usually like, you in Queensland, Sydney? Like what time zone? So onto that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, and then when you check the booking calendar, just again, double check that because obviously that will throw them off passively if you say the wrong time. They're like, hey, Jess, I'm just going through my calendar for tomorrow and can confirm we're still good for 4.30 p.m. Can you please confirm that you're still good on your end?
Asha Tao: That'd be awesome. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we get them to reply the day before. Reason we do this is because what will happen is people can forget that they have got an appointment like this booked in. So, you know, maybe the day before or the day of, definitely, they can make plans and stuff like that or, you know, whatever. And then all of a sudden it becomes not a priority to show up for this call, right? We just want give them a manual reminder, you know, again, adding a little bit of a personalized reminder there.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then the day of the call, we send basically this video. Again, I send a voice note just to make it a little bit more personalized, right? I'll try and see. If you have any issues jumping on, this is my personal number, so just send me a message here. I'm more than happy to lend a hand. Otherwise, yeah, super keen to see what we can come up with, and I'll chat to you very soon. Cheers.
Asha Tao: Love.
Kyle Musca: And then I basically resend that message that I already sent above here. I literally just go up and I copy it. And then I cut some stuff off. But yeah, if you have any issues jumping on, feel free to shoot me a message here.
Asha Tao: And here's the join link to make it a little bit easier to find. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then as you can see, can't confirm, finish the work for the day, just waiting at home for our call.
Asha Tao: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. That should fix the show-up rate because that's the biggest issue. Like if you had 10 calls booked, then, you know, like fixing your show-up rate is massive. Like it's a small like little tweak. But like if you go from, you know, 50% to 75% show-up rate, it can like double, you know, your weekly, actually.
Asha Tao: Um, no, I think that will make a massive difference. And just giving that little bit more personalization and like... Like a care factor about them instead of just saying like, hey, let's book a call. And then they're like, oh, I don't even want it anymore, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, one, you just, again, hype the value of the call. Hype the value of the call and, you know, make sure that they are aware that you've obviously, like, blocked out the time too and, like, you know, respect my time.
Asha Tao: Yeah. And then it's just booking in the Calendly link. Which is what I haven't been doing. So, yeah, hopefully that will make a big difference too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if they're not getting the reminder, like, because right now they're not getting any reminders or anything about it. So, it's just, it just slips their mind.
Asha Tao: Well, they are, but it's just the generic  that they probably don't even, you know, when it comes in and you're like, oh, it's a, you know, I don't even check mine half the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, it's just, yeah, being very, very clear on how to get on the call and what to do.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: now we don't have heaps of time to go over this script, but what is specifically on the sales process do you
Asha Tao: What like you're struggling with? So Ava and I had a call yesterday and we kind of went over the script and I feel like since then, I don't want to sound like an annoying person, but reading for me like overwhelms me. And I guess I hadn't taken the time to read everything and kind of like dive into the flow of the script. But now that I've done that, it's fine. Like it's, yeah, I just needed to take that time to understand the flow. The only thing we probably need to work out is Asha is still selling her old. Oh, yeah.
Ava: So, yeah, she wanted to quickly chat to you about whether she can just offer two or whether you think she should offer three.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Okay. yeah, on that as well, what you're saying there, Asha, even you two, I would just jump on and like have a session, you know, a couple of times a week where you guys just go back and forth and just role play with each other. Like, Ash, obviously, you'd be yourself and then, you know, Ava, you'd be a client, for example.
Asha Tao: Talk  to me. I was just saying Ava can just talk  to me and, like, I need to pick it up.
Kyle Musca: Speak your mind, do you know what mean? Yeah. So in terms of the packages, I think I did mention that, did reply back to that. Are you using this question here?
Ava: Yes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ava: Or, like, I get that, like, I get not, sorry, I get not have a presentation for them in terms of the pricing stuff, but I guess in terms of her actual offering, like, at the moment, she's only offering weekly check-ins and fortnightly check-ins. That's the difference in her packages. So when we went through your script yesterday, we spoke about adding in one with two calls and potentially an education session. you. in. However, Asha's not quite sure with doing all of the sales stuff if she's got the time to do an educational call as well.
Asha Tao: I feel like that would be something we could look into once I have, I don't know, it is something that I'm just like, , if I'm trying to do all these calls, then do the check-ins, run a business, messages, all that stuff. I'm just like, I know myself and I don't want to drop the ball in like any other area.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I wouldn't, I probably, I usually recommend not to add this in until one, you get really confident with the sales process and yet you have a team that can handle the fulfillment side of things. So what I would probably do just to start with is only have the three total. You're not technically trying to sell the platinum. So two actual total packages. Now, the way to go about this is, have you been price anchoring?
Asha Tao: What does that even mean?
Kyle Musca: So the platinum, the platinum package is the process.
Asha Tao: So that's why we market so high. No, I haven't done that yet. I'm more so, no, no. I've only had the two calls.
Ava: I just want to look out her packages, because at the moment, it doesn't correlate to, I guess, your sales script.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Asha Tao: And I think we were saying, like, when we were chatting yesterday, we were like, oh, cool, we could do one that's like $3,000 up front or something and then offer, depending on, like, what they're after. After, like, a, I don't know, $1.5, $2,000, whatever, like, kind of go down from there. Or maybe we need to make it even more. But, yeah, that's not, I haven't even really thought about that one yet.
Ava: That was actually another question I was going to have for you, Kyle. Asha uses Newey to take payment, and I'm not sure how she would go about taking an up front payment and then getting them to sign up for a subscription as well.
Asha Tao: Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's why I'm not a huge fan of Newey, to be honest. huge fan of Newey. Just because you don't have as much manual freedom in the back end. In that case, what I would do is I would get them to do a paid in full. Like if someone's going to pay you in full, then, you know, obviously take the money. You've got the lifetime value right there. And then what I would do is, have we been over the client roadmap, Asha?
Asha Tao: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Asha Tao: So this is- think we did more like objections with sales calls. So no, I'd, I think, done that.
Kyle Musca: We won't get in that right now because I don't think we'll have time. We did, we'll come back to it. But essentially that's where the client roadmap will come into it because if you get a paid in full, then there's opportunities at like week three and week eight, et cetera, et cetera, to try and get extensions off that.
Asha Tao: Yeah. We'll And is that where, let's say I, because I do like Nui, I don't know if there's something that you found that is better, but it's kind of like, cool, pay in full, week three, week eight, come up and you're like, cool, here's another link. Here's your- see you next time. Like weekly or whatever payment?
Kyle Musca: I mean, Newey is nice and simple. Like for me, again, they don't have as much manual freedom as – so Newey is the front end of Stripe, essentially. So I just use Stripe because the fees are half the price and, you know, I can go in there. And as long as I have someone's payment information on file, I can do whatever I want with them. Newey is nice and simple. If you're used to using Newey, it's like I wouldn't say change everything around. The majority of the time, we want people on payment plans. Also, we're offering it paid in full at the start for biopsychology. So that's essentially what everything from pretty much this point, I would say, onwards is just pure biopsychology. So everything we're doing is for a specific reason. So the platinum package, for example, is we're not trying to sell that. I don't have anything for the platinum package. If someone paid me, you know, 10 grand for six months, I'd figure it out.
Asha Tao: But... So... So... So... So... So...
Kyle Musca: Um, essentially this is to get their jaw to drop, right? So yeah, well, price, price anchoring is, is you can do it in a positive or a negative way. So it is this concept of anchoring. It's when you have two numbers and they contrast each other to make the second number seem either a lot more reasonable or a lot more blown out of proportion, depending on what you say. So for example, what we want to do is like, Hey, it's six months is $10,000. Now, like, Oh , you want an actual physical reaction out of them. That's how you know it's done well. Yeah. That way, when you come down to, you know, but to be honest, I think that's going to be overkill for you. I would bring me onto my gold package and I'll bring it down to just the 3,500. Then they get a sigh of relief because in contrast, 3,500 seems so much more reasonable than 10,000. But that can work the opposite way as well. So if you say my first package is 1,500, but to be honest, uh, I think you're going to need a little bit more support to that. I think my gold package is going to be the best one for you. That comes out to be, you know, 3,500. All of a sudden, you've done the opposite effect and they're anchored on 1,500.
Asha Tao: So now 3,500 seems like such a larger number. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's why we do platinum package. It's kind of like a little jab, just so like everything after that, it's more of a right hook, to be honest, but, and then everything after that seems so much more reasonable, right? So, and you can literally do it from word for word. So even if you just keep it on your current rates right now, I would still do this part word for word. So the first one, so the first option is the platinum program. Now it's extremely comprehensive and it's really designed for, you know, professional athletes, people dealing with chronic injuries or illnesses, or, you know, maybe someone wants to jump on stage, compete, get extremely shredded and take a bunch of gear. Right? If we were looking at the six month option for that, that would come out to be around $10,000. And see, I emphasize that $10,000. want it to sit there. $10,000. And there is one. That's what left at the moment for that. But to be honest, I think that's going to be a little bit overkill for you. don't actually think you're going to need that one. So we'll just move on from that one. So we don't give them the option to say, like, do you want that? We're not trying to sell it. We'll move on from that one, which builds trust. We're not just trying to sell our most expensive option. So you would essentially skip this part because you don't have the emerald. That would bring us on to the gold package. Now, this is coming to the territory of what I think will suit you really well because it's pretty much everything we've spoken about today. And it does come out to be, you know, quite a fair bit more affordable. So if we were to look at that one, instead of $10,000, it would bring it right down to $3,500. So see how I say that? Instead of $10,000, I'll emphasize that. And then I'll casually say, you know, just bring it down to $3,500. And I'll say $100.
Asha Tao: And sorry, when it comes down to explaining what the packages are, you always push the price first and then explain what they get, correct?
Kyle Musca: Yes.
Asha Tao: Or was it the other way around?
Kyle Musca: I can't remember. It's written like that, but yes, I would do that. Have the price first.
Asha Tao: Price first, and then be like, this is what's included.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So one, we want the contrasting numbers to be as close as possible together. So it's like top of mind for them. And then we also want to get the price out of the way. So that way we can explain briefly what's involved in the package. So they can reframe onto the value because that's the last, like the last thing you say is what they're going to remember. Yeah.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that'd bring it from $10,000, right down to $3,500, right? Now with that, you're going to get 100% customized programming built for you and your goals. You're going to get a meal plan with all your calories and macros based off the foods that you actually enjoy eating. With that, you get unlimited adjustments. So if there's anything that you're not a fan of at any point in time, I will change it as many times as I need to make sure it's perfect for you. Then what we're also going to be doing is we're going to be doing. So for this, this is a great option to add for, you know, your core package. If Now, you add that in there, very rare that people will call you. Most people prefer texting, right?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah, cool. Yeah, so you would say that and then you go straight into the guarantee, right? Now, obviously, everything I do, I back everything I do. So if you were to sign up to any of these packages and you follow the plan and you don't achieve a result that you're absolutely stoked with, not only will I give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 cash your way just for wasting your time. Now, the guarantee is a conditional guarantee. I believe we've been over this. Essentially, and I would add this to your contract, they have to complete 80% of the program. They have to log 80% of their meals. have to do 80% of the training sessions. They have to contact the coach three times a week. They have to do all their check-ins. You know, they have to actually follow the program. If they follow the program, they'll get the result. So I'm fine to say that. Now, I believe we've already mentioned this as well, but just so you're on the same page as well, Ava. If someone was to, you know, do the program and for whatever reason, And, you know, they just didn't see the result. As long as you've given them a good quality service and you've built that relationship with them, very, very, very unlikely that they're going to turn around and ask you for a refund.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, they're just not going to do it, right? Yeah, cool. Now, after you'd say that, you'd be like, cool. Okay, so I guess with everything, you know, with all that being said, like, I guess, which option sort of jumped out to you there? So, important, not did an option, which option? It did an option is yes, no, which option is A, B? They have to pick one.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Now, notice how I haven't mentioned payment breakdowns or anything like that. I've just said the price, I've said the guarantee, and I've said which option jumps out to you. Yeah. Reason being is because if you say, so that one's $3,500, and we can either cover that in one, we can pay in full, or we could break it down to payment plans. Every single time, they will go into a payment plan.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And we've, we've just lost negotiation room, right? Because, um... Cool. Which option do I have to do there? Let's say a gold one. What's the most common objection you've been getting?
Asha Tao: It will be like I have to talk to my partner or I have to go over my finances and make sure this is something that I can fit into my budget. And then obviously think about it. I always, my issue is actually continue there because I don't want to like talk about that. We don't have a lot of time, but yeah, that'd be my top two objections at the moment is budget and partner.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So very, very important to remember that I need to think about it and I need to speak to my partner are both smokescreen objections. They're not real objections, right? You can't, there's nothing you could say to overcome that because it's like, we think about it, both cases. What do you need to think about? What do you need to speak to your partner about? That is the objection we can actually overcome. Usually it comes down to budget, right? right. So in that case, we reframe as I was speaking to you last week. So reframe. Yeah, that's no stress at all. And I guess just want to make sure we're on the same page. Is the program something that you actually want to do? Yes. Cool. And where are sitting on that scale of one to 10? If you remember us speaking about that.
Asha Tao: Okay. Fantastic. Sorry. Can I, did you send the video reporting last week?
Kyle Musca: I didn't, but I could probably find it.
Asha Tao: Can you send last week's and this week? Cause I was trying to look for it. was like, , I know there's stuff there that would definitely help me. And I just forgot to ask for that link. Just so I can go over the thing that we spoke about in that whiteboard.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Website thing was really helpful. Yep. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Remind me about that after this and I'll find that and send it through.
Asha Tao: Yep.
Kyle Musca: So essentially, again, you don't just go into price breakdowns and everything like that. You have to objection handle a little bit first, right? Cool. They say, yes, the program is something they want to do and they just want to make sure it works financially. Okay, great. Well, you know, I appreciate you being open and honest with me because at the end of the day, you know, it sounds like you do want to do this program and it's just a matter of making it, you know, making sure it doesn't throw you out, right? Which is completely understandable. So I'd love to, you know, see if we can make something work, but if not, you know, that's life sometimes, right? So what I do is I actually work with sort of a payment, like a billing company kind of works like Afterpay and it helps to just sort of break it down to make it, you know, a little bit more, we'll break it down into smaller digestible chunks, right? That makes it a lot easier in cashflow. Would that be a little bit more reasonable for you, right? So this is where we come in and we talk about the payment plan options or weekly, yeah. Yeah. So yeah, we don't just go straight in with it because we need the wiggle room. So essentially we, a negotiation is trying, if you will win a negotiation, when you can get them to start solving your solution, right? Right. So the way we do that is we have to be on the same side of the table. We have How we work in cooperatively to figure this problem out? If you're just going back and forth in an argumentative style of way of like, oh, but this program is going to help you lose and you're defensive. This program is going to help you lose 10 kilos. And you said that you needed the confidence. And like, I know that I'm the best coach ever. And, you know, I've got the best meal plans and the best training programs and everything like that. You'd be stupid not to do this. It's argumentative. You're not winning that battle. Yeah. You know what I mean? Where it's like, cool. okay, if we were to break it down, would that be a little bit more reasonable for you? Reasonable is the word, right? Because yes, it would be more reasonable, right? We're trying to get a yes out of them. Okay, fantastic. That's where you'd bring up the payment plans, right? Okay, what I can do is I do work with a billing company. Again, we've already said this. Okay, cool. So they've got their own sort of breakdowns. Let me have a look at this. And I wouldn't actually do them. Pardon?
Ava: Do you do that with Stripe?
Kyle Musca: I set it up in Stripe. It would be the same thing in you.
Ava: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you just have to- Is even with the upfront and then is this what we were talking about, how you get them to pay the upfront and then a couple of weeks later, you're like, here's the subscription for the weekly.
Asha Tao: Is that what you mean? Or can you do this setup in Nui as well?
Ava: Yeah, I didn't know you could do upfront and subscription in Nui.
Kyle Musca: I thought it was one or the other, but maybe you can. I've used Nui. You can set up, so they do an upfront payment and then they go on to weekly payments after that.
Asha Tao: Oh, maybe we haven't played around with it enough, but that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, unless they've changed it, but I remember using it.
Asha Tao: Do you know what it's called? I literally- I can't remember off the top of my- Is it like a partial?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like a partial.
Asha Tao: Oh, so would it be like the start-up? Let's say $1,200. $1 And then it would go to like a hundred a week. What they may be?
Kyle Musca: Hello? Yeah. Did you guys just hear me?
Asha Tao: Just cut out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah?
Ava: Yeah. I got what you said.
Asha Tao: So it would be.
Kyle Musca: What you said. Yeah. So you should be able to set up. So yeah.
Asha Tao: So set up fee.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Asha Tao: Set up fee $1,200 and then it will be billing period, 12 weeks of a hundred bucks or something. Okay. I didn't even think that.
Ava: Yeah, Ava. That's definitely possible. Set up fee.
Asha Tao: Yeah. Right. Very straightforward.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. you pull that up and be like, cool. Again, you wouldn't actually show them this, but cool. So just having a look here and let's say we're doing six months. So I really like six months just because these sound a lot better when you actually break it down. Plus, too, you're getting a lot more money out of them. Um, to answer your other question that you had, um, about the timeframes. Thank you. not. How do you know which one to say? As I kind of said there, I think it was in this one. Yeah. If they had, I do it based off the goal. So it's like 10 kilos. All right, cool. I'm talking about three months. If it's 20 kilos, I'm talking about six months. If it's 40 kilos, you could talk about a year if you wanted to.
Ava: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Cool. Okay. So yeah, just having a look at this. Okay, sweet. So instead of, again, price anchoring, instead of $3,500, what we could do is, yeah, we could just bring that right down and cover $1,500 today. And then we wouldn't officially start the six months on paper till Monday. Like we'd get started before then, but these six months would officially start on Monday. So the first repayment wouldn't be for a month after that. So essentially like five weeks from now, it's ages away. And that would bring it down to just $400 a month from that point onward. So it's super easy on cashflow.
Ava: Would that be a bit more reasonable for you? Hmm.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because if you said the original package was $3,500 and they're like, yeah, I want to do that. I just need to check my finances to make It happens. It's like, cool, we've just taken two grand off that. You know what I mean? It'd a lot more reasonable for you now.
Ava: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So let's say, oh, yes, that sounds good, et cetera, et cetera, but they objection, do an objection again. Again, you objection handle before you drop it onto something like this. You know what mean? So it's like, one, I really like, you've got to be cautious and be confident with the sales process, but if they're like, oh, yeah, that sounds good, but I just need to check my finances to make sure. It's, again, as I ran over this with you last week, is the Fearverse Logistics one. Okay, yeah, no, that completely makes sense. And like, again, I appreciate you being honest with me. Again, I just want to make sure, you know, you do actually want to do the program, man, like, because if you don't, you can just tell me at any point, at any time, we can just, you know, stop this conversation right here, right? Always give them an out. Giving them an out releases the pressure from the conversation and makes it feel less salesy, right?
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's really salesy. Again, you'd probably want to go through at least four or five objection handles before you get to this point. They're cycles, right? And then the last one is like, I really need to check my partner. And you know that it's fear-based at this point, right? Okay, cool. Well, look, I fully appreciate you wanting to chat to your partner. you mind if I just sort of put my coaching hat on here and be completely upfront? Yeah, okay. I'm not going to lie to you. I've had hundreds of these calls. And my actual statistics are that 98% of the time when someone says that they need to go ask their partner for it, I never hear from them again, right? And it's not necessarily the fact of them, you know, saying like actually needing to ask their partner. It's the fact of when you jump off this call, you are going to go into full defensive mode. You know, even if you really want to do this program, your brain is going to start convincing you of all the reasons why now is not a good time, why it's just not going to work, it's not for you, you know, it's better to do.
Asha Tao: What's going to be the best for this specific client, yeah. I think that's why me and Ava were like, when she's like, oh, do we make something that we can show them? It's like, no, we want to always be pushing the VIP, like I'm just using my words, for example, always push the VIP and then the weekly is like the last option so we can get them to sign without them being like, oh, sorry, no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. The thing is, I always give them like essentially the most limited options possible. Anything more than like two or three options will overwhelm people and they'll feel too overwhelmed to make a decision. So that's why we want to give like, as I said there, one option is not an actual option with the platinum package. And the only option we're actually giving them is, you know, in this case, the gold package, right? If that doesn't work, the only option, well, then we give them a breakdown option and then second breakdown option. And if that doesn't work, then we give, you know, technically the only actual second other option that we're giving. You know what mean? So we're only giving them two technical options. But there's different ways to go about those options as we break it down.
Asha Tao: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the other thing with showing them something as well is, one, it can be a little bit overwhelming for them. But two, you'll start to hear like a lot of people like, oh, yeah, that all looks really good. Can you just send this through to me so I can review it? That is a very losing battle. Anytime someone says that to me, I'm just like, yeah, to be honest, like, no, I don't do that. And the reason being is because I don't want you to focus on the features of this program. Yes, there is customized training, there's customized nutrition, absolutely. But that's not the value that you're going to get out of this program. The value you're going to get out of this program is actually working with a coach that actually gives a  about your success. One that's going to guide you through a keep your Campbell and one that is going to make sure that you see this program through. And the value of this program is not the customized training or the meal plans. It's the version of you when you lose that 10 kilos and you feel more confident, you have more energy, and you finally become the woman that you want to become, right? That's what you're investing into. You're not investing into the customized program. Programming. Something along those.
Asha Tao: Not love.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because if they're focused on features, it's a logistical decision.
Asha Tao: You're going to lose a logistical battle. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Even though it logically makes sense to do it. It's just like, logically, it's like they're only thinking about price and it's like you could be offering the cure to cancer. They're not going to take you up on it.
Asha Tao: Yeah. Not love. This has all been great. Thank you so much. Um, I'll send you, I've got a couple calls in like five minutes. So once I finish those calls, I'll send you the link. What? I'll send you a message asking for the link from last week and today. And then, yeah, I'll just go over this. And I'm already feeling more confident with the calls. What is it? Week three. Hopefully next week. I'm like, yeah, get every call. Well, I don't know if like that's going to happen. But you know what I mean? Get like three out of five per day would be amazing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Once you start getting confidence with these calls, you will have the star power that when these girls get on the phone, they should start to like fangirl over you a little bit. And that gives you a lot of courage as well.
Asha Tao: I do have a lot of girls be like, oh, my God, I've followed you for so long. Like, you're such an inspiration. You're this, you're that. Like, they love to hype me up and I love to hear it. But, yeah, I just think my selling ability and my confidence with following a script has just been  shocking. So, yeah, hoping all of that, not that doesn't cut itself out, but hoping I can just like keep growing on like what I'm learning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sales is very much a reps thing as well. Like, the more you do it, the better you'll get. And then get on a call with Tommy. Yeah, I don't think I've heard back from him yet. Have I? I think he's probably a bit caught up. But try and report. Yeah, try and he's got a bit of space tomorrow. So, try and.
Asha Tao: Click here for Intel. What's this? No. We'll figure it out. I'll make sure I've got it all set up. But, yeah, I've downloaded the extension and everything.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Awesome. Well, good luck on your calls. And, Leah, give me an update with how you go. Awesome. Thank you so much. No worries. Enjoy the rest of the day. I'll chat to you soon. think you should. You too. Bye. Bye.


>>> 112/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-02-27T03:52:24Z | id:125857320
People: Kyle Musca

Imogen Harris: Four times, and it says then successful. This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let's go over that real quick. I was having a lecture as well.
Imogen Harris: It could just be delayed. Yes, but then I keep retrying it, and then it still says success, and then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that was happening on my side. What I also tried to do here, you'll see that. So your current threshold here is $11. So every time you've, like, you know, spent $11, essentially, it tries to charge you. They do that, obviously, to, you know, when it starts, when you start running ads through a new account, they obviously want to make sure that you're paid, so they set it really low. I was trying to change it to $1,000, and it said successful, so I guess it's probably just taking some time.
Imogen Harris: Updating or something. Because, yeah, every time it says successful, then I try to refresh it, and it still says payment unsettled, but it said success every time, so maybe it will take a bit.
Kyle Musca: I don't know. Yeah, so we'll see.
Imogen Harris: Let's see if I give it five and it sorts it  out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But how has this week gone overall?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, good, good. Just kind of getting on top of everything. But then, so I've had two people sign up under me before the ads obviously, obviously started. And then I've got, yeah, as I said, one call after you. And then another girl is just, I've just replied to her to book in a call for Sunday because she's not available tomorrow. So, yeah, good.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Awesome. So potentially and likely three from ads. Yeah. Yep.
Imogen Harris: True. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Okay. Fantastic. So this early on, that's really, really good. Yeah. So again, the ads will go through like a three to seven day learning phase. Hence why this is obviously very not ideal. Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. True.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, ideally, again, it's just that threshold. Again, what can happen there is because your bank's getting so many repeated small transactions, it can't lock it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, because it locked it once and then it, like I obviously unblocked it and then it happened again, like within the hour. I like, can you just  acknowledge that? Like it's not, it is me, like it's fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you're a, you're a, you're like, when you create a new ad account, a new meta account properly, like it's, they don't make it easy.
Imogen Harris: At least you're trying to protect me, but like, can you just accept that it's the same  thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, they're not trying to protect you. They're trying to make sure that they get paid. Let's focus. Anyway, cool. All right. So is there anything specific that you want to cover in this session before I start going on tangents?
Imogen Harris: No, no, you go, go on your tangent.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So there's, we'll go through this real quick. Now, let me grab this. Then I'll also show you the data that we want to track with the ads, right? So if you're not used to cash flow coming in and out of your business, then it's very daunting to see numbers coming in and out of your business, right? And it's very easy to start getting really caught up on just the expenses and not what you're actually making in return, both short-term and long-term. So that's obviously where the data is going to come in. It allows you to make logistical decisions and decisions that aren't based off emotion. Now, I'm not, you know, a lot of, you know, mentors and coaches and stuff will, you know,  die on the hill of, you know, tracking data for like six months. And that's kind of the sale of Faco down. The reality is like data is obviously extremely important. It helps us to make informed decisions, but, you know, you don't need to  spend, you know, hours and hours and hours. Collecting all of the different data points. A lot of you collect just as time goes on if you've got the right systems and processes set up. And then usually it's just about knowing the few key actual metrics of the data that's going to drive the business forward. You what mean? You can collect as much data as you want, but most of it's going to be  irrelevant. So it's like we just need to make a look at the right ones. So, pull up this and then I'll pull up this. So to do that, we track it with this sheet here. Cool. Now you obviously have to just change it to 2026, but it's the same thing. So anytime I send you one of these, any kind of document, whether it be Word or Google Sheets, you just come in, make a copy, and then it's yours to go. Once you do make a copy of yours, send it back to me so I can save it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thank
Kyle Musca: Now, basically what this is, is it's just a breakdown of your funnel front-to-back from the direct response, okay? So we've obviously got ad spend, we've got leads in ManyChatMeta, which I'll show you how to find in a second. Then it does some auto-calculation. Wherever you see these dashes, there's a calculation on those, okay? So what we want to do, so let's come in here. I don't know how well this will go for us if it's like that. Now, we'll have our meetings on Friday, so I'd very much recommend doing this from Thursday to Thursday.
Imogen Harris: Okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: What you do there is you go, you can either go last seven days if it's, we'd have to kind of do it out on Friday. What I would probably do, I would try and get this done like maybe Friday morning before our call. We want the freshest data possible. So if you do it on Friday, then if you go last seven days. It will show that. Otherwise, you kind of want to go from like last Friday to yesterday.
Imogen Harris: So it's kind of like six days. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So the 26th. Now, once you do that, the spend is pretty easy to find. You just come over here and mount spend. So again, this is just to show you we haven't got any leads. Let's just go off like random numbers again. So let's say we spend 10,000 on ads, right? We got 100 leads. So the calculations of the ManyChat leads, but this is just to make sure that the conversion API is tracking correctly. That would give us a cost per conversion. So like a cost per call of $100. Okay. From that, let's say we got 10 ad bookings. Okay. So out of that, sorry, this would be cost per lead. All right. Yeah. From that, we got 10 ad bookings. So that's a 10% booking to lead rate. So, therefore, our cost per call booking was $1,000. Obviously, these are just generic numbers. That's not what we want to see. Let's say eight of them showed up. So your show-up rate is 8%. So on that as well, you'll need this sheet. So when you take a call, you just fill out, again, this is the data I was talking about. A lot of it you can accumulate as time goes on. So you fill out their name, the date of the call, the outcome, right? What kind of package you sold them on? Payment type, was it a paid in full? Was it a deposit and a payment plan? Or was it 100% payment plan? How much cash did you collect on the call? What is the repayment plan like? know, $400 a month, let's say. Notes about the call. You can't add notes. I don't really usually add notes, but you can. Source, I would get into the habit of doing direct lead magnet organic just so we can identify where these are coming from. Especially because on this, you'll see that this is from the ad side of things. And then if you scroll there.
Imogen Harris: And there's organic side of things. So we do want to separate that data. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If there's any, I mean, you can get objections and, you know, maybe write objections because if you're getting a really common one, then we'll look at covering that specific one. And then if you want to add some core recordings in here, then I definitely would as well. That one's pretty self-explanatory, but let me send that to you. Beautiful. Now, you can move now. So if 80% of them showed up means a cost per call is $12.50. Let's say you sold five of those eight, 63% close rate, and your cost per acquisition was $2,000. Okay. So, and then this is basically like, let's say, yeah, you collected $5,000 on the call. So out of those five people, let's say they all paid $1,000 on the call, and then they all went on a $2,000 package and paid, in future, they will pay another $1,500. So the total revenue overall was $10,000, you broke even.
Imogen Harris: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Makes sense. Obviously, we want the numbers to look a bit better than that, but just as a general explanation.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Now, where to find these numbers? So, spend is pretty easy, as I just showed you. You just come in, let me get rid of that. You just come in here and look at, for that time period there, how much you spent. So in this case, $244,000 so far.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Now, leads, leads and ads manager, you're not going to be able to find it if you just log in. So you have to come to this column section. I've already created it, but you would go down to, there'll be like a custom one you can make.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You just click the pen. All you need to do is type in leads. need to All Thank Lead. And then do total and cost. It'll put it right down the bottom. can just keep it here. drag them up there. So they're a little bit easier to see. So, and then if you, so you'll see leads and cost per lead there. Okay, cool. So, and this is really important as well, because you'll see that there's a result and there's a lead. So the result is just anyone that's clicked on the ad. Okay. Maybe they're misclicked. Maybe they were unqualified. You know, they're a student apprentice or they're not working. Whatever. The leads are the people that clicked, the people that got through the entire ManyChat and the people that are working full-time, the qualified leads. So those are people that are actually good quality people.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you would, you would throw that one in, get rid of that one now. You would throw that one in there. Now for leads in ManyChat, this is the one that it actually does the calculate. let's check, check, check, check, T. Separate those two ManyChat. So you would come. So in here and you come into contacts, then you just go filter, you go tag qualified, tag system field, subscribed, and then the first one's after. So if it was after the 20th, so last Friday, let's say, and then the same thing, system field, subscribed, and then before. Before, let's say, if we're doing it from yesterday, six-day period, there's that, and then you just click that, and you can see six total. So those are matching up in meta and many chat, which is good. Happy days.
Imogen Harris: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: That will auto-calculate that. Obviously, how many call bookings you've got for that period, you'll just add that. That will calculate that and that. And then obviously, calls taken, you add that in manually from the call template sheet. Yeah. of Um... Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, um... So will calculate those two. And then obviously sales made, that will calculate those two.
Imogen Harris: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then obviously, again, I should have kept it up. I shouldn't do it closer, but you'll see there's that cash collected and future revenue on the call template thing. So you just fill that out and then that will calculate that.
Imogen Harris: Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's pretty, I mean, it looks daunting and complex and stuff like that. But once you like, if you get caught up, just let me know. can create a little more and stuff on it. Otherwise, we might even like do it together for the first couple of weeks, just so you're on the same page with it. The other thing that with ads as well is there's the testing phase and then there's the scaling phase. So the testing phase is like, obviously, we just want to find the winners, which yours are doing quite well so far. So I'll break that down in a second. And then there's the scaling phase. So sometimes what will happen is you might not actually make, you know, ideally, this is not what we want to see. But like, this is, let's say. Worst case scenario, sometimes you might, you know, let's say even like just for the sake of the argument, break even on cash collected and spend, but your future revenue will, you know, obviously be there. Now, that's okay. And again, I'm just sort of prepping you here for worst case scenario. That's okay because that will accumulate as time goes on. So therefore, your base level reoccurring subscriptions will increase. Now, off the rip, ideally, we want to like maximize that return. And, you know, be really, really profitable. That is really good to understand because there might be sort of periods where you kind of have to weather the storm a little bit. And realistically, all the ads are doing are kind of breaking even. It's a  period to go through. I'm not going to lie. But like at least understanding that. So that's, that's real. This is a bit of a rabbit hole. That is really important because one, one allows you to weather the storm, but it also, and this is why we want to charge, you know, higher prices and get into those higher ticket packages, because it means we can. can. One, literally strong-armed people out of competition because if our cost per acquisition is, let's say, our lifetime value. So my lifetime value for my clients is around $2,500. Therefore, if my cost per acquisition creeps high, and let's say it's like $500, $600 even, let's say it's even $1,000 if it was really, really bad, right? That's, again, not ideal, but it means I can still weather the storm because my lifetime value is so high.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas if you're charging $1,200, for example, and your lifetime value is $1,200, and your cost per acquisition is $600 or even $1,000, again, in that worst-case scenario, it's like you're absolutely . Like you can't do anything about that. You're bleeding money out of your business. Yeah. So that's why charging more is a really, really powerful, I guess, tactic because, again, you can just literally strong-arm competition out of competition. I can afford to spend more to get a client. Therefore, it's very hard for other people to compete with me, if that makes sense.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right? Yeah. Yeah. The other thing there, which I've kind of forgot, maybe it'll come back to me. That's okay. Any questions on any of that so far?
Imogen Harris: No, no, no. That's easy. It'll take a bit, but I'm fine with that. It should be easy.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Now, coming in here, calls booked, calls taken, total revenue, 4,000. Okay, cool. Are you on new package pricing or you're still doing your old package pricing?
Imogen Harris: So there's been a couple. So for example, one that paid, well, I had two start in the last two days. One was, she's done four nightly check-ins for 1,500 for three months. So that was with the new pricing. And then another one was a family friend.
Kyle Musca: So she's just gone on the 90 a week, but she also paid that up front of 1,100 yesterday. So still like a bit less. However, I was still fine with that. Okay. Awesome. And is that using the new sales script and everything?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. So the, the family friend, I didn't obviously. Well, because I knew that I wasn't going to put her on a higher price point, but the one that did the fortnightly one, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Awesome. Yeah. That's absolutely fine. Especially just to get some confidence through doing the sales process and everything like that. How did you feel doing the script on the call?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, honestly, fine. I think as well, like I read it a few times and I think I can just gauge conversation pretty easily with the questions that is there. So obviously it's not word for word or anything like that, but it has allowed me to just think a little bit deeper about what the following questions are going to to be to like get them hooked, I guess. So yeah, she paid on the call as well.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, it was good. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. Always get them to pay on the call as well. That's like a huge cardinal rule. If they, does not matter how excited they say or how keen they are to start, if they get off the call, more than likely they'll talk themselves out of it. Yeah. So, I mean, sometimes you just have to kind of learn by experiencing it, but it's a good sort of thing to keep in the back of the mind if that situation does come up. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Okay. So there's not heaps of data for us to run through yet. Now with the ads, I'll show you here. Now, basically, so this is the campaign level. This is the ad set level. This is the ad level. Okay. So the essentially just think of it as a zoom here. This is a bird's eye view. We come in a little bit closer and then we come in really close to the actual individual ad level.
Imogen Harris: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, if you log in here, take these data points with a bit of a grain of salt because this is taking into consideration the spend across all your different ads and everything like that. Okay. Yeah. When we jump in here, this gives us a little bit more of an accurate view. This is taking into consideration the spend on your graphics campaigns here or your graphic ads. Yeah. And these are your video ads here. Then when we come in a little bit further from that, this gives us a really clear view. of exactly what's working. So you can see here, $15 per result, cost per lead is $30. So But realistically, anything within the 40s range for a cost per lead is scalable, is good. 50 is still decent, 60 is starting to get a bit higher, and then 78, it'll turn off. Ideally, I'm looking for something to replace it with if we're in the 60s, but again, like that's kind of when we're like, okay, we need to get new stuff up ASAP.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I think, I was checking it before, I think that's actually come down because you've gotten someone, yeah, 36. So, yeah, if that's looking good so far, it's still too early to tell, but that is looking good so far.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Videos, this one. Does that do it? Yeah, cool. So, again, hasn't had much spend over here, so we'll just see how this goes. Again, ideally, this  fixes itself. Coming back to that. that. Do you have the videos here? Do you have the link to these?
Imogen Harris: The link?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: All of the videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: I will definitely have some.
Kyle Musca: How do you implement even stuff from last week as well?
Imogen Harris: In what, Ragab?
Kyle Musca: Do we speak about the organic side of things?
Imogen Harris: Oh, as in, like, the bio and stuff, do you mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Obviously, like, the reels and stuff like that, I've tried to transition into kind of what you were saying in terms of, like, shorter videos and hooks and everything like that. And, like, obviously, it's not a massive jump compared to, but even, like, the last couple, instead of it sitting at, like, 1 or 2,000, it's, like, 7 or 6. So it's definitely better than when, I think, the last one when we spoke was the rice flour one, which was 2, 4. So, considering what they were last week, even to now, it is. It's better.
Kyle Musca: Now with this, did we talk about the bio?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. I'm pretty sure I tidied that up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So again, with that, yeah, beautiful. It's only one link there, which is fantastic. With that, I mean, it's not the end of the world, but you could, if you're going to do that, you could even just chuck this URL straight there.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I wasn't sure whether to put it there or if it looked a bit grosser than I was trying to put it in the link tree, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Let's click it if it's straight to the form, right? Yeah, that's a little detail. Like mine's kind of like how yours is at the moment. I just haven't been bothered to change it. One thing is I would switch these two around.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it's like we want to see that first and then that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Helped hundreds of women transform. Yeah. Into their dream body. Now, I would try and get tangible here as well. like, use.
Imogen Harris: Trying to be specific, but I was like, I don't even know what to use to be specific for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, usually it's like X goal and X time frame.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then, like, you want to add, you know, goal outcome or, like, without pain point or without struggle.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. So, helped hundreds. Do you know how many women you've helped, roughly? Like, couldn't you say over 500 women?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Easily. Okay. I mean, you know, be, don't, don't be, you know, conservative with this. This isn't, we don't want to be modest here. So, like, if, so, what that does is, like, as you'll see on mine, it's, like, helped over a thousand men. So, it's, like, that shows that you've, obviously, you know, when you can get large groups in, in terms of marketing, when you can get large groups, people feel. Thank you. Thank Thank Feel more comfortable knowing that you've, you know, done it a lot. And a lot of other people have gone to you.
Imogen Harris: or something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, if you've done 700 plus, do that. If you've done over 1,000, you you can do that.
Imogen Harris: Like the higher the number, the better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. At the end of the day, like, you know, obviously we don't want to be blatantly lying about things. But at the end of the day, like, you know, there's no one, no one's actually going to be able to like properly check how much that has been. So if it's like, if it's like, you know, you've helped over 850 women, then it's like, you could just say, you know, 1,000 at that point. Completely up to you. So let's say helped over 800 women, you know, again, this can be up to you. Cut 8 to 10 kilos in 90 days or less and build their dream physique, dream body, something like that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now. And then the other thing I would say is get used to really make. Making the CTA stand out.
Imogen Harris: So you can see this kind of very much blends into this.
Kyle Musca: We want to make sure that the CTA for the coaching application is very standalone. Like it draws attention to it. If someone reads this, they should absolutely see the CTA. So it can be the same thing every single time. Yes. So that blends in a lot.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So with that. My one. So my general, I guess, template for this is something relating to the video.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then like use the emojis there to really separate it because that separates it from the above text. Big, bold outcome. So again, I would sit down and think about like, what is your big, bold outcome? Like, what is your big, bold promise? You know what mean? And it should be similar to your bio. You know what I mean? I'll help you cut. So mine is cut 10 kilos in three months or less, you know, and get in the best physical and mental shape of your life if I'm going to add a dream outcome.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't have to be exactly the same, but it should always be like somewhat similar to that. You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then just a nice, clear, actually how they can do it.
Imogen Harris: If you're keen, go apply for coaching. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's like title, body, CTA is how it kind of thing.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have you been adding those two, like adding the prompt in the reel section?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. So I'm just getting a bit confused by it. So if I select prompt, is that still the entire, like, caption? Okay. I was like, am I  this up or like, is this what it's meant to be?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the prompt, if you get, like, if you go have a look at my recent videos, On Instagram, on your phone, the prompt will, if you click on the caption, it won't work on the laptop, you have to do it on your phone. But if you click on the caption, sorry, the comment section, then you'll see the caption at the very top.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, good. That's what I thought it was. And I was like, I feel like that's right, but I wasn't sure. So yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, and then have you been in on the poll?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, so I, because obviously if you do the prompt, you can't edit it. I made a  spelling error and I couldn't unsee it. So I deleted it and then I forgot to add the poll, but the rest, I've been trying to use the poll. So there's at least both going on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would just get into the habit of every time you post, it's the same thing. Every post has a CTA. Every post has a poll.
Imogen Harris: Every post has a prompt. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: I mean, that way you won't forget.
Kyle Musca: It's just that way. It's just like, it's just a routine habit thing. You know, when I go to post, it's kind of like, you know, the, the habit of when you do X, you also do Y. So it's like when I. You know, pull my meal in the microwave, I track it, for example. You know what I mean? Yeah. And that helps you associate the habit, essentially.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Now, the other thing I... Yeah, cool. You did a carousal post.
Imogen Harris: How are these going for you? Yeah. Yeah. Good.
Kyle Musca: So what I would start doing here, the photos are good.
Imogen Harris: Just trying to break up the , to be honest. Which, it's annoying, because I do those things, and I feel like I get so much more engagement when it's just my  body, and there's, like, no education.
Kyle Musca: But... Yeah. So I would kind of think of carousels, I call them carousals, and, like, feed post stuff as what stories used to be. So feed post stuff will show your followers, like, it'll still show non-followers, but it'll show your followers more. Whereas Reels is designed to try and push it out into the algorithm and find new people a little bit more. Yeah. So keep posting these, you know... Photos like this shows the body at the end of the day like people will the physique will sell itself someone who does this quite well and I ran ads for or I ran ads for Jessie but yeah, she doesn't do any like educational stuff like she does these workout stuff here and there, but a lot of it is just this her actual account. Yeah, yeah. A lot of it is just, you know, body, body, you know, glutes in the gym type .
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, mean like and that sells at the end of the day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then you can do stuff like this as well where you just film your workout and everything. To be honest, you can do it as a reel here. What I would probably do is you can also just do them as a carousel.
Imogen Harris: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like first workout, second workout. Yeah, so there's different ways you can go about it, right? Yeah, but as you can see, nothing, like it's all the same , just, you know, rinsed and repeated.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, really.
Kyle Musca: Now, in terms of carousel, I would really try and tell a story with these. Now, carousels are also a really, really great way to start adding in social proof of your clients and everything like that. So someone, did we go over this last week as well? been kind of out of it this week, not going to lie.
Imogen Harris: Nah, we didn't go past this bit, but. Oh, yeah, him.
Kyle Musca: Yes. So he does the carousels really well, right? In terms of something like this. 11 nutrient-dense foods I eat every day, including one secret item that has 80 grams of protein for only 365 calories. All right. Now, this is more of an educational one. This is more of a story one. But apples, low-calorie, high-fiber, natural sweet, great for hunger control. Now, see how what this is, is it's very minimal wording, right? Now, I've found that that's a very big, like, I don't do... there. ourselves, myself, as much, because I'm kind lazy with them. It's stuck. But very minimal wording, and it's created in Instagram. You know what mean? So just nice and easy to read. Brie does actually, to be honest.
Imogen Harris: Pardon? Brie does it well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Loaded with healthy fats, fiber, keep you full, and support health. Someone like Brie as well, like her account, like Instagram is weird. It just seems to favor some people. Like some people can have trash content and just push it so  hard. And other people can have good content and just won't push hard at all. So someone like Brie is a great example as well, because like it's not like her Instagram account gets like pushed extremely hard. But her ads do do really well, because when girls come on to her account, they can clearly see that, yeah, she is a coach and, you know, looks very established and everything. And actually does do good content that helps people. Same as like Sage's, do you know Sage?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: He started to go into all the AI stuff and stuff, which I don't really like, to be honest. But like his old content. And You know, was kind of similar. didn't get much engagement, but then it's like when you run ads with it and people come onto your account and stuff, like the ad will bring them in and they'll inquire and then they'll doom scroll or like they'll start stalking your profile. So it's like if you have good content that shows your physique, shows social proof, put some education in there. Sometimes like this, this is probably as much as I would go to educate. Okay. In Instagram, I'm pretty sure we spoke about this last week as well. You kind of want to avoid educating directly as much as possible. Like those reels that you were kind of doing, one Instagram hates them and people just don't watch them.
Imogen Harris: Like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So something like that.
Imogen Harris: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then not sure if he's done it here. Yeah. So they're a great way to, so something like that. They got 5,000 likes. I mean, that did well for him. Then there are other ones like. Scroll down a bit here. Yeah. I wouldn't usually start with a social proof one, right? Because as you can see, they just don't do as well. Yeah. When my philosophy with social proof is always, unless it's just on a story or something like that, always try and like sneak it in sort of midway through, if worse comes to worse at the end, but midway through is the best way to go about it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, with carousels, I've done a couple with clients in the past and it's usually like the last couple, not necessarily. Even when I do like weekly dumps and stuff, I'll always add in like working or clients or check-ins or something like that, but it's never the first one. It's always me at the first one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Now, in terms of what I mean by, you know, trying to get it midway through is like you could kind of do something like, you know, these videos. I don't know if you've watched these videos, but it's essentially the same thing of what I do. I talk about a certain topic and then I use a client as an example of how, you know, that actually applies or how I've used that or something like that, right? So I want to try and find an actual decent one. know he's done a few. Yeah. Again, you can see this.
Imogen Harris: They just don't do well.
Kyle Musca: But if you come into something like something like this one, right? Way better off the bat as well.
Imogen Harris: You can see 5,000. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, what the first one should be, this is essentially your title. Way we want to think of as a title, right, is generating curiosity. You know what it's about, but you don't actually know what it's about.
Imogen Harris: It's almost like a hook, but for a post.
Kyle Musca: It's a hook. You know what mean? Same as like, you know, again, you read a newspaper, you read the title. If you don't like the title, the title doesn't engage you, doesn't spark interest or curiosity. You're not reading the body. You know what mean? then you're stopping there, right?
Imogen Harris: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. Your journey could be messy as , yada, yada, yada. It's not all linear. Again, it's very minimal wording, nothing too crazy.
Imogen Harris: The more it is, the less likelihood people are going to read it anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm the same. If I see a screen and it's like  paragraphs and I'm not reading that, brother.
Imogen Harris: I flick through stories like a  tangent anyway. And especially if there's long writing or someone's talking for a long time, I won't engage at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no one does. You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Like, I don't have time for that, brother.
Kyle Musca: Like, especially, I haven't seen in a little while, but girls that have like  20, like, story thing.
Imogen Harris: I'm like, I'm not, that's ridiculous. I don't even tap once most of the time. I just swipe. So, I'm like, if I don't see something engaging, I'm definitely not even paying attention.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Trying to find an actual example.
Imogen Harris: It's always when you try to find it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Seven ways to make your fat loss journey . You know what mean? X, Y, Z. Again. Anyway. All right. I feel like you get the point. Usually they're tagged. Let's see. I know Adam's got one tagged. So again, this is like a story. This is a good example of a story. You know what I mean? At that time, they were right. PT. Wanted to know? Whatever. And then I guarantee this is since then, I've been able to help hundreds of people, tens of thousands of people.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: know mean? Ten years of transformations. We're just getting started.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Simple.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Something like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Any questions on that?
Imogen Harris: Nah. Nah. It's all good.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Perfect. Now. Are you feeling like you're getting caught up on the sales side of things at all?
Imogen Harris: there any sort of... No, I think it's going to just be now getting comfortable with the calling component and stuff like that. Like once I've got someone on a call, I'm pretty fine. It's like I can have conversation and even like with scripts and stuff like that, I can just have a conversation with them and lead off what they give me and keep going with that. So that's not really an issue. then to be honest, like with the ads and stuff, even like I said to the other day, like there was two people that reached out. And the one that I've got today for a call, she's like, I've followed you for ages, but the ad was kind of what, like I didn't think about getting coached until now kind of thing. So it's just kind of having that pinpoint now where people then lead to a call, which that's happening.
Kyle Musca: So yeah. And that's another really important thing. And that's something where a lot of coaches go wrong, which is why I'm so big on the CTAs and like chucking it everywhere is because people will engage with you. But again, like as I'm. I mentioned the other week. I would think of people as like kind of retarded, you know what mean? Like if you don't tell them exactly what to do or how to do it, they won't do it. You know what mean? So it's like, you know, again, you're just giving them the clear, clear as day.
Imogen Harris: If you want to be coached by me, here's how to contact me. Yeah. No, it's, um, I think for so long I was trying to focus so much on being educational and content where I wasn't actually selling myself. I was just giving  away constantly for free. Whether now it's like, I'm trying to just, again, it seems annoying. Like it seems stupid to me that I'm not giving education, but then at the same time, if they want that education, then they can be coached by me. So it's just kind of getting out of that mindset of constantly having to provide something in order to get engagement. Cause it doesn't  work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing is like we, that used to work really well. It definitely does still work. Like you want to give like actual value away. Definitely. But that's more so coming into like lead magnets and stuff like that. If you want to get into that territory. Reality of like content is we live in the information age. So one, you know, people can look on Google, people can chat GPT if they want to, or, you know, there's a million other people doing the exact same content, saying the exact same  all over social media. The only thing that actually is going to make you different is being memorable. You know what mean? So it's like, you've got to kind of like isolate, separate yourself that way. I just requested access to that, by the way.
Imogen Harris: Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: And then one thing I could see working really well for you here, we would have gone over Emily's content.
Imogen Harris: Yes, I think so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Someone like Emily or even Asha does really well. Yeah. And girls love, girls love this style of content.
Imogen Harris: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: You know, the, I don't even know what this is, you know, and it's just way, you know, it's just transformation stuff.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. That one. Yeah. I think I need to utilize the fact that I've got a transformation that I can utilize because I feel like I was stuck in like, oh, I can't keep constantly just showing myself. But I'm like, that's why people come to my page is to see me, not other people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And like it feels on that as well, you kind of feel like, yeah, I can't just keep doing this. You know what If you look at the people with really large accounts and really large social media following and stuff, they just rinse and repeat the exact same  thing just over and over and over again. Yeah. All right. And one thing that's a good example of this is, I'll go keep that up there because I will come back to that. I wonder if they still have this. Pretty sure I follow up. Yeah, must have got rid of it. So that, you know, do you know Chiara and Riley?
Imogen Harris: I don't know if I do.
Kyle Musca: So they're on the Gold Coast. They have a women's brand. They've, I don't know, they recently rebranded to that Slimer. I don't know about that name, but essentially, if you want to see like how much you can rinse and repeat, they built a massive, massive coaching company. And basically all they ever did was like, this is how I went from this to this. And it's just Chiara like over and over and over and over again. You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And they would have a lot of girls that have come through. They would probably, unless they're completely , they'd probably have a lot of social proof that they could use. They just keep using Chiara.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know, you built your dream body in eight weeks. Yeah. Now, that's actually a good little thing there. Read the disclaimer at the bottom because when you read the disclaimer, it's like, if you want an exact lens.
Imogen Harris: Thank
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? That's not a bad, like, little tactic.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You things I had to admit to myself to actually change.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, like, you know, I don't know Kiara or anything like that, but it's like there's no, you know, it's not like she has a crazy physique.
Imogen Harris: No, yeah. And just making it relatable to people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, this is the exact video. See, again, you can see here.
Imogen Harris: And it's just her. It's literally just her. Yeah, honestly, like, I've just been so in my head for so long of, like, stop posting yourself 24-7. Like, people know, but I'm like, people probably don't actually know.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's the thing with marketing. You will get a lot sicker of the stuff you're putting out there before your audience does.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And a good story of that is the Pepsi CEO would walk past the marketing, his marketing team, every single day for two months. And he's like, I'm so sick of seeing this poster. Surely people are so sick of it as well. Let's take it down. And the guy was like, oh, we haven't even launched the campaign yet. Yeah. Yeah. You what mean? So it's like, you'll get a lot sicker of it before yours does.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I took my stomach from this to this. honestly, you're going to be shocked at the method I use because it's so simple. I've been able to maintain this year round. This is a voiceover one that we expect. And I would do something very similar to this. They're also really easy to do if you get used to them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What you're putting in your meals. Let me tell you, I didn't get abs like this. I'm eating takeout every night. caring about my food quality. pretending calories don't exist. So before you go doing 20 crunches and then 10 sets of forked amount. Download my fitness power and start tracking what you're eating. Do a food order. Anything that's not high quality can go. Swap it for high quality food that will make losing body fat easy. And if you have body fat to lose, be in a slight car. The other thing with these is I would get really used to analyzing. So take your mind away from being a consumer and put it into being a producer. You know, and like when you watch content, when you see ads, anything like. Instead of like, yes, watch the video, but start really breaking down and analyzing every like little key detail about it. So like what hook did they use? And again, they just use the same one for everything. This is how I went from this to this. The other thing is like the cuts and the edits and everything like that. You'll see that at least every probably the idea is every four seconds, but kind of, you know, as many cuts as you possibly can, because that will keep the eye really engaged.
Imogen Harris: So it keeps the viewer really engaged.
Kyle Musca: Not bad. Calorie deficit. Now for the average. Starting with floor crunches. Make sure your back is flat to ground. add weight. And every time you hit 12, increase the weight. Then you're going to do reverse crunches. finishing off with a plank. Once you hit a minute, add weight. Increase the weight every time you hit a minute. I took my stomach.
Imogen Harris: It's wild that like, it's not even  good education, but the fact that it rigs at the start of it, that it just works.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it's nothing. Yeah. Let's talk about how we got Ruby to her from this to this in her bikini photos. Before Ruby came to her, she was already going to the gym and needing help. But she was doing random workouts and really had no understanding of how much to eat. I mean, it's just rinsing. I wish I could find that. I think they must have got rid of the page because it's like literally every single video was the exact same thing.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Repeat, not a bad thing. Just keep doing it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like if you, and, you know, test different styles of content, but if you find one that works, just go ham on it.
Imogen Harris: You know what mean? Don't be conservative with it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wonder if they do it on their Slimer page.
Imogen Harris: wonder if... It's just rebranded.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: I think I've seen that bikini mirror photo like five times since you've been scrolling, so...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, like it's the...
Imogen Harris: It really is the same .
Kyle Musca: It's the same .
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The social proof is huge, like a huge thing of social proof is the consistency as well. Yeah. Yeah, putting one piece of social proof up, people don't really care or notice. Yeah. You put, you know, social proof up every single day or, you know, multiple times a week. You'll start getting on calls and people were like, I just kept seeing different transformations.
Imogen Harris: Realistically, it could be the same five transformations, just  rotated. No one's going to know.
Kyle Musca: But it looks, you know, insane when you're just constantly pumping social proof. So that's another thing I would do is like whenever you're working, you're doing check-ins or anything like that. I would try and, you know, anytime a girl says anything positive about, you know, you or the service or they're, you know, they've lost heaps of weight or, you know, you're doing a check-in and a girl's name. Yeah,  chuck it up on the story. Go hard. You know, and don't be conservative with that stuff.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Perfect. Now, I requested access to this one. You have that?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, the, I think it may have gone. Oh, there you go.
Kyle Musca: So reels. There go.
Imogen Harris: So that's the videos. And then the other ones are the ads, if you're wanting the ads.
Kyle Musca: These are the video ads?
Imogen Harris: They're the ones that for my content, and then that's the actual ads.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, right, okay, okay.
Imogen Harris: Sorry, that was good for you.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do here, is this something I've recently been trying to do? Girls, if you were trying to... Okay, yeah, you've only got a minute here, which is great. So what I would do with ads always, this is something I've kind of recently been doing, but it's been working really well for me and some other people, especially if the ads go for a little bit long, is kind of look at like, what can you take out of the ad and have like a shorter version of it?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you can take out like 20 seconds of the ad that, you know, does obviously should look good if it's already in there, but like it's not, you know, the ad still works without it, then try and take it out, and then like we can test different video lengths.
Imogen Harris: Okay, yeah. So go into edits.
Kyle Musca: to lose weight, but your body is still constant.
Imogen Harris: Go into edits and cut it up a bit.
Kyle Musca: Or like when video or whatever sends you the frame IO thing, you just say, like you just edit. And I just say like, can you cut from here?
Imogen Harris: And And then like where I want to resume, can you resume from here? Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you're looking bloated and soft. No matter how healthy you eat, it's probably a good time to change things up. Look, you're not lazy and even though you may feel like it, there's nothing wrong with you. You're probably just burnt out and the plans you've tried weren't built for you. I work with women just like you. This is Tash. She lost 24 kilos in just a few months. Full-time mom, full-time worker, just had surgery and she did not cut out carbs or cut out her social life. This is Imi. She lost 10 kilos in just 12 weeks and now she finally feels comfortable in her own skin and clothes. These women weren't perfect. They were just consistent with the right structure. And I was there every step of the way to guide them through it. And this is what we do. We build simple food structure so you know exactly what to eat even on the long and hard busy days. Training that actually tones your body and not exhausts you. And accountability so you don't disappear when work gets hectic. And by the end, you'll be leaner, you'll have built confidence, and you'll finally be able to trust yourself to keep it off without burning out. So if you're ready to lose the weight and stop starting over, DM me momentum and let's see what's possible for you. Have you been thinking? about doing something, this is the sign you've been waiting for. So don't wait, shoot me that DM, and I can't wait to chat to you soon. Yeah, that's a good video, Link.
Imogen Harris: I'm moving my hands so much. That's all I see in the video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's okay. I'm moving my hands.
Imogen Harris: Girls, if you've lost weight before, and then you've gained it all back, and now you're scared to try again, this is for you.
Kyle Musca: Here's the truth that no one wants to say out loud. Most women don't fail weight loss because they don't know what to do. They fail because every time they fall off, they lose a little bit more faith in themselves. Women come to me and say they've done challenges, they've done meal plans, they've done it all. And what they really mean is that they don't trust themselves to do it the right way. Clients have said this to me word for word. They've lost the weight, they've gained it back, and they're terrified of failing again. They thought the problem was discipline. It wasn't. It was because they only ever focused on that end goal, not what came after. And that's the missing piece. Weight loss isn't just about the physical. If you don't rebuild self-trust and actually make habits to last, you'll always end up back at the start no matter how good that plan looks on paper. And that's how I coach differently. We slow it down and we build habits that are going through. They fail because... Every time they stay out there, most women don't fail weight loss because they don't know what to do. They fail because every time they fall off, they lose a little bit more faith in themselves. So you might want to try a cut there.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So see how if we can get this out. There's like 20 seconds, actually, like less of the clip.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just as it might not even work, but like, you know what mean? Just start no matter how long. And that's how I just go back to Vaughn and say, it up kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah, if he has the frame IO things.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Plus, and actually make habits to last. You'll always end up back at the start no matter how good that plan looks. Weight loss isn't just about the physical. If you, and that's the missing piece. Weight loss isn't just about end goal, not what came after. What's that? 29. So if we go from 13. All off. They lose a little bit more faith in themselves. Women come to gain it all back and now you're scared to try again. This is for you. Here's the truth that no one wants to say out loud. Most women don't fail weight loss because they don't know what to do. They fail because every time they fall off, they lose. See how that could, you know, potentially, like, flow on from there?
Imogen Harris: was that, like, 12 seconds?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, like, yeah. Not just with the body that you've built, but the woman that you've become along the way. So if you're ready to lose the weight and actually stop feeling scared or failing, DM me habits and let's talk. Yeah, so there's no massive rush on that because, like, we're still testing the ads out. Yeah. But that's a really good habit to sort of get into because, you know, sometimes, like, a 15, you know, 20, 30 second ad, the watch time of people actually, like, seeing it through and getting to that CTA could be a lot higher. Whereas, like, the longer videos are great for...
Imogen Harris: Like, if they need more convincing, you know what I mean? Yeah. So it's like you just don't know. would be a bad thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you just don't know. Like, you just test both and then, you know, whatever wins, wins, and we just go ham on it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, I'll talk to Vaughn and I'll start going through them and see what I can kind of take out and go from there.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Imogen Harris: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, great. So things are looking good so far.
Imogen Harris: I to  sort out what the 's going on with the other account.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So overall, that's looking good. Not heaps of data for us to collect, obviously, because we just launched that there. Oh, with Nadine. Yeah, she should only be in my account this week. Hopefully, I don't know what happened to Cheryl.
Imogen Harris: Apparently, she was something, but hopefully that's all. Not ideal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was like, it's a bit average, but okay. But Nadine's been in another client of my account.
Imogen Harris: She's going to be in my account and she's been doing really well.
Kyle Musca: So she'd be a good replacement anyway. We'll see how she goes.
Imogen Harris: Um...
Kyle Musca: So if she's good, Cheryl comes back, if not, Dean can handle it, then we might just stay there.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that's fine. That's easy done.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Awesome. All right. Well, good luck on your calls.
Imogen Harris: Let me know how you go. And if you need anything from me, just sing out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sounds good. Thank you very much. Awesome. Bye.


>>> 113/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-05T06:03:21Z | id:127345555
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, how are you going?
Morgan Eldrett: Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good, how's it doing?
Morgan Eldrett: Good, I literally just remembered as I was answering that Zoom that I need to pay the invoice didn't come through, like didn't work. So I will do that once I get off the phone.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay, no, that's no stress. How was your, how was your trip?
Morgan Eldrett: Good. Where did I see you last? Where have we been? Oh, it's been manic. Honestly, my birthday, Calum's birthday kind of was hectic, and then my family was here, and it's just a whole thing. But finally, everything is, birthday celebrations are done. Thank God.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: It's good, just busy, like busy weekends. But this week's been pretty good. again, friend. Actually, super consistent with content and work, which has been good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome.
Morgan Eldrett: Writing that down.
Kyle Musca: Well, just going through.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, yeah, sorry. I accidentally sent it twice. Every time I press enter, like,  submits that check-in.
Kyle Musca: You're good. You're good. And the numbers seem pretty solid from what I'm looking at here. Oh, yeah, okay. Perfect. So, I mean, like, lead flow organically seems to have increased a fair bit.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I definitely have had, like, a few more leads come through, like, through the application and then through just, like, people DMing. Um, I had, uh, I had one really good sale where I just kind of, like, sold her and that was good. Um, and then I had another sale which was, like, good and then she  was... Was... A psycho and wanted to cancel like two days later and so I ended up refunding her because she was just being a  and she was stressing me out and so I did actually make two sales but then one wanted to have a refund so technically only one. um she signed up and everything and then like a day later she was like oh she had like some she had some surgery like a couple like 10 months ago or something and she said oh my physio advised against like getting coaching and I was like oh on the phone you said you were cleared but I didn't want to like I don't know I Callum was like don't give her the refund but she was stressing me out so I just did it.
Kyle Musca: yeah so with them there's a couple different things that could contribute to that so one is did you do it like 24 hours later or like two days later?
Morgan Eldrett: no it was like it was was like the next day. So it was like within 24 hours. So I, I, she had filled out her like new client setup form that day. And then like late that night, she sent it.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Now, have you, had you done the work for and released a program or anything?
Morgan Eldrett: No, cause it was literally like that day.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So on that case, like it does suck if it's within my, like, I mean, there's no technical rule, but my rule is like, if they do it in 24 hours and they haven't got any program, or anything like that, I'll try and get them to stay. But if they're really set on canceling, then it's like, I'm not gonna, you know, push it too hard because one, you know, again, you just don't want to deal with the headache of that type of client. And two, you also don't want to like, start, you know, getting a bad sort of reputation. You know, it's not like one person will completely, you know, ruin your reputation, but, you know, you just don't want to, you know, I guess. Like, you know, have that potentiality happen.
Morgan Eldrett: Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now the, the way I look at it, this is why I, I, I say, I very much mentioned, like, did she pay it all up in one go or did she break it down?
Morgan Eldrett: No, she broke it down.
Kyle Musca: So this is why I say, uh, you know, I can bring on a billing company. So setting the standard from there, because then it's like, if something like that does happen and you did want to fight, especially if you've already given them and you've done work for them and you've actually given the program and it's like, well, I've done work for you. Like you do need to pay for the work that you've done. Then it's like, you can kind of like be the mediator and the billing company is the bad guy. So it's like, one, you try and coach them back into it, of course, but it's like, look, if you're really set on canceling, um, you know, we did bring on the billing company, as I mentioned. So it's like a little bit trickier than just sort of a straight up cancel. What I can do though for you is like, you know, I definitely don't want to make sure, I want to make sure that you're not like financially stressed or anything like that. So I'm more than happy to, you know, send off an early cancellation request. And essentially they'll just take a look at like, you know, what program, like what work's been done. And the expenses involved in that and stuff. Would you like me to do that? And then that way, if they say yes, then I give it a day. So it actually looks legit. And then I go come back and I say, essentially, I say, yeah, so yeah, I've been going back and forth with the billing company all day. And essentially, they just basically took a look at, you what program we went on, how far we're into it, you know, the work that's been involved in that. And obviously, the expense is also involved in that as well. Now, originally, and then this depends on, you know, where they are in the program and everything like that. If they were like, you know, a week or two into it, you know, you might want to just get covered for the first month. So it's like, originally, you know, they wanted essentially two months of programming to be covered, which would have come out to be, you know, 897. I always like to give it like a nice odd number. So it looks legit. But luckily, I managed to get that right down to just 447 for you.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So you've gone and you've saved them, you know, of dollars. And if you do that right, like more often than not, they'll... Like, thank you. And then, you know, you get paid for the work that you've done and fair is fair.
Morgan Eldrett: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, like, sometimes you will get, like, cuntier clients that are just, like, really, like, arrogant and annoying about it. You just kind of, like, have to hold your cool and just be like, look, I'm trying to, you know, do everything I can for you. I'm sure you understand that I did do work for you, which does, you require payment, right? And in those situations, you always want to use the word fair, you know, and humans want to be inherently fair. Yeah. That's usually what I would do. The second thing there as well is, like, what can happen and what likely did happen in this situation is, you know, these girls, again, they struggle with accountability and everything like that. So, it's like when they commit to something like this and they just sit in their own head for a day, then it's called buyer's remorse. When, similar thing to, you know, if they get off the call and they say, I'll think about it or go ask a partner, they just start talking themselves out of it. Like, I can't. You know, it's not a good time. My physio said, you know, X, Y, Z. And then they just sort of pull out. So what I would try and do there is, it's a little bit tricky when you're sort of a one-man team. But for me, for example, it's like my closer closes them. And then like, as soon as I see that they do that, I give them a call straight away. It's only like a five-minute call, but just a touch point, just to explain the next steps. And then my coach will onboard them, like do an onboarding call within 24 hours. It's like they've got those sort of touch points, so they're not just sort of left alone. A few ways you could help fix that on your own is, one, creating some videos that really clearly explains, you know, what the next steps are in the onboarding process so they can get set up and ready. Because the issue is if they just sort of sit there in silence and they don't hear from anyone, they don't get anything, like that will build up a lot of anxiety. So it's like if you kind of give Give them tasks to do something to do, you know, and very much clearly understand, you know, I'll have your program built within 24 to 48 hours, give you plenty of time to prep over the weekend, we'll officially start Monday, for example. Then they know the next steps, if that makes sense.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Because I was thinking that, like, I felt like probably she just didn't hear from me after the call, which was valid because I was just waiting for her to fill out the form and whatever. But yeah, an onboarding kind of, like, loom would be good. Do you think, I don't know, I think Cal has it, like, a welcome pack, is anything like that beneficial, like a PDF, which, I don't know, is like kind of like a welcome PDF? Do you think anything like that would be beneficial, or just the videos?
Kyle Musca: I mean, to be honest, like, the videos, people, like, they do the same thing, but people will prefer to watch a video rather than read something, you know? Yeah. So I would just make it, like, a very clear. Clear, like a very clear video of like, you know, what the steps are, essentially. Like, don't know your, you know, like in terms of how long it takes you to build a program and like what, you know, the next steps are for a client for you. But for me, it's like when I give them a call, for example, it's like I just created a group chat here with my head coach, you know, Pat. I dropped some onboarding stuff. The first one's an accountability form. The second one's a video that shows you how to set up the app and WhatsApp and everything like that. The third one's a link to join the team chat, introduce yourself, yada, yada, yada. And then Pat's going to drop an onboarding link. So booking a call, none of those times to just let me know, we'll work around you. That's really important just so you meet him and then he'll run you through the system, make sure things are super clear on your side. So they constantly know what the next steps are. This goes for the first like 24 hours, but also the first month as well. I mean, you're going to be fine because you're, again, you are the coach and communicating with them. But like for Me, like I had an issue last week, for example, where the guy was on board and everything and he was about a month in, but then he's like, you know, I'm cancelling. And I was like, well, what's going on, brother? Like you haven't told us that you're struggling with anything or we haven't heard from you or anything like that. And it's just because he just didn't actually understand that he was meant to be doing any of that.
Morgan Eldrett: And I usually find, for me anyway specifically, if a client has a problem, it's within the first month because there was not even miscommunication.
Kyle Musca: They just didn't listen to what we told them to do. Yeah, I mean, so it's like if there's ever a knowledge gap, that's when the anxiety will creep up a lot and they'll lash out essentially.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, definitely. Do you, because I don't think Cal does it that way, with the onboarding call, like what would be your process? You give them the stuff or they feel out of form, you do a call, then you send them everything? Or would the call be after you send them everything? Just because I know Cal doesn't really do like an onboarding... ... ... A process call at all?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let's break that all down. So this is my onboarding message. If it's going to pop up. Yes, this one. Okay, so I'll actually send this to you so you can see. Just don't click on – I'm going to remove that link, actually, because if you click on that, you'll join my full team chat. And I don't know if you want to be in that.
Morgan Eldrett: Whatever you wrote.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so obviously you would probably change it because you're not creating a group chat with another coach. But here's a few things to go through. So these are the next steps, right? Now, the first one is an accountability form. Have we been over this before?
Morgan Eldrett: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so this is something I would definitely get you to do. What app do you use, Kahunas?
Morgan Eldrett: TrainerEyes.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Do you have, like, a form that they fill out?
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, no. So I send them a job form, like new client setup form that they fill out, which is like food they eat and  like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you would combine that with this, essentially. So this does two things, right? It does one thing, mainly. This is the only reason I have it. We're basically Trojan horsing this, right? So you'd put all the information you have on your onboarding form, your job form that you currently send out. It's also good to have a bit of accountability stuff as well. So it's like, you know, like, you know, what are some promises you're going to make to yourself? Like, what do you actually want to achieve? You know, what's your why? Like, why now? You know what mean? Just stuff like that. doesn't have to be anything too crazy. This is really why I do this form here, though, right? Program package, duration. So, you know, they do goals, six months, for example. They sign it physically. Yeah, right? And then you just click less transform, right? Because that's how you look at. But it's like you can see this, view full terms and conditions. This is my entire contract. So you can see here, here's all the program packages. So it's like if you'll get real dickish clients that, you you might even do work for them and, you know, everything like that. And they'll go, I never signed a contract. It's like one they did with Newey, which is the same as my app. It's not super enforceable. But then you can just send them this and be like, well, you literally did sign a contract.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you just embed it as like a little Dropbox there.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's perfect.
Kyle Musca: So that's a really important thing there. The second one is, yeah, make sure to watch this video. Again, you can watch it yourself. I don't know. It's been ages since I've actually watched this.
Morgan Eldrett: I think it looks so different.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I can't even exactly remember what I even say in this. But I basically just say like, you know, make sure, you know, this video is super helpful to new members. You know what I mean? Um, make sure that like you, you add me back as a contact on WhatsApp, you know, all the key things that I would basically like, if you ever have an issue or, you know, that people get stuck at certain points, cover it in this video so they really understand what to do.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Um, and then, and then, yeah, I have a team chat.
Morgan Eldrett: Do you have a team chat at all? Oh, like a group chat with all my clients?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. do actually in, um, TrainerEyes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Oh, does it pop off?
Morgan Eldrett: No.
Kyle Musca: So, um, one, you might want to do it outside of TrainerEyes, to be fair, because it's like they go there to, you know, TrainerEyes isn't like a messaging app, you know, you wouldn't think of TrainerEyes as a messaging app as much. Good for one-to-one communication with your coach. What I would probably do if you haven't done it there and you're obviously using TrainerEyes to message all your clients, I'd probably create an Instagram chat.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm.-hmm.-hmm.
Kyle Musca: And the reason for that is because, one, people on Instagram all  time, but two, then you can start to encourage them to post and share different stories and stuff on that. Now, that's a really important thing. So the group chat takes a while to build if you do it properly, but once it goes hard, it goes hard. Like if you see, you know, mine here, for example, I can't even keep up with this because like I'll check this in the afternoon.
Morgan Eldrett: There's like 180 missed messages. Like it's ridiculous.
Kyle Musca: And this is, these are men as well. You know what I mean? Like when I, this is all still yesterday. Like when I created this, I was like, you know, dudes aren't going to want to chat in a group chat and everything like that. It's not going to go very well. And now I kind of look at it because it just, it goes off way too hard. So you kind of have to get the ball rolling with that. And the way I did that was every Monday, I drop in a Monday motivational message. Every Wednesday, my, um, one of my coaches. They have their own spots, but obviously this would be you. They drop in like a Wednesday win where they basically shout at a client of hard work or results or whatever. And then essentially Friday, do another like a Friday win or something like that. So what I would do is sit down and, you know, basically do that. You can do Monday motivation, Wednesday win, and then like Friday, whatever you want to do.
Morgan Eldrett: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, you know, you just, it didn't take long to be honest. And then this just goes straight to super  hard. Now, what I also do, and the reason, another really good, so the community chat is a really, really good thing to have for a lot of different reasons. One, on a client by client level, they'll feel like they're a part of something much bigger than just them and just, you know, you and your coach, which will want to keep people on board a lot more. So, for example, you know, Trevor, he's a guy that signed up over in the US and he was very concerned that, you when he signed up to a coaching, he didn't want to just get email support and everything like that. that. He wanted to work directly with someone. He's happy, obviously, working with Pat, my head coach that I assigned him with, but he just talks in this all  day. You know what mean? It takes off a lot of the load off you because you don't actually have to reply to them like other people in the group chatting, replying to them. Another thing as well is when I say to, in that first message, introduce yourself here, and they actually introduce it. You know, someone says, hey, I'm new here. Here's my goals. What will happen is all the, like, everyone else that's active in this chat will be like, welcome you, like, so keen to have you on board, like, you've made such a good decision and everything like that. And for someone like, you know, that girl yesterday pulled out, if they see, you know, other girls in the community welcoming and saying, you know, you've made, like, the best decision ever, it's like that itself takes so much pressure because, like, you can say how great you are all day long, but that doesn't hit anywhere as hard as, like, if someone else is actually in the program, says it's a great program to be a part of.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that's such a good idea. Because I try and do it in Trainerise, like, I do send, like... Client wins and stuff, but people don't really open it, I guess, because it isn't trainerized and they don't really give a . And you think Instagram would be better than WhatsApp? Because yours is WhatsApp, yeah, but Instagram would be easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I message everyone through WhatsApp, so for me it's easier on WhatsApp.
Morgan Eldrett: Right.
Kyle Musca: But, like, if you're going to have it external to trainerize, I would use Instagram. People are on it a lot more. Plus, you can encourage them to share stories and, you know, start creating content. That is also, that's the third really important thing with the group community and everything, is you can start implementing cultural norms within the team. You know what mean? So you can start, you know, encouraging them to post more and tag more and put you in stories and stuff like that. Because if you can have a community like Lydia does, for example, where, you know, her clients are constantly posting her on the story and tagging her and, you know, posting how great their physiques are and everything like that. It's like you've just taken, you know. Let's say you, you know, one of your, let's say on average your girls have 2,000 followers each and it's like, you know, you have 10 of them posting frequently throughout the week. You're tapping into a 20,000 follower audience, you know what I mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, definitely. And that makes total sense. Like even my friend Claire, she had such a big community within her clients that when she stopped coaching, she doesn't coach anymore. Her clients all like are besties and they went to each other's weddings and they're all like a big group of friends, all from just her. So I've seen it even happen with her. So that makes sense. That's a really good idea. I like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And it's, it's actually pretty cool. Like once it goes firing and you do actually create friendships and stuff like people chatting there all day long. Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that's cool. So then just to keep on the sign up process thing. So they pay. Blah, blah. They get the message, do the form, watch this video, join the Instagram group chat. Then next step would be, so then are you, yeah, booking in the, um, whatever call it's called, onboarding call?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So on that as well, there's a little detail I forgot to mention there. So at the very end of the sales call, what I would get into the habit of doing is like once they're paid and they're fully signed up and everything like that, you just ask them a very simple question. It's like, um, look, you know, um, well, I'm super keen to, you know, get started with things. I do want to make sure that you're feeling absolutely confident with, you know, the decision you've made today. Uh, was there anything that, you know, you want to touch base on or anything that you, you know, were feeling a little bit unsure about at all? Um, just to sort of give them the opportunity to clear the air if there is anything on the back of their mind, right? Because one does two things, you know, if they actually do have something to say, they can bring it up and not just you want it to. If they say, no, like I'm super excited to get started and everything like that, then it reinforces that. Like that seemed like kind of  stupid if they said that. And then a day later they come back and be like, oh, no, I actually want to cancel. And then like, you know, because it's you doing it yourself and, you know, like there might be a little bit more of a gap than, you know, for me, for example, where they're talking to three different people within 24 hours. You might want to say like, well, you know, you know, however you'd word it, but essentially like, oh, yeah, super keen to get into it. I'm really keen to see, you know, how far we can take things together, you know, just so, you know, we're on the same page or whatever you end up saying. I find that, you know, once girls do make the decision to, you know, commit to this change, usually that first sort of 24 to 48 hours, their anxiety can really sort of spike. And then, you know, they can kind of like freak themselves out, which is only natural. So like, if you are unsure or you're uncertain or anything like that does happen, please. Please do feel free to message me. It's exactly what I'm here for. And, you know, at the end of the day, I'm here to make sure you do succeed.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, cool. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially, just trying to ease their nerves there. Now, the onboarding call, it depends. It depends when their check-in is. So it's like if they signed on. Depends when their check-in is. Do you have set check-in days?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Can I run you through, do you want me to run you through kind of like how it would look on my end if someone signed up? So sales call, then as soon as they're done, like as soon as they've paid on Yui, they go into Trainerize. And then in Trainerize, there's the message to fill out their like new client setup form. As soon as I get that back, I make their plan. And then when I make their plan, I send them a loom explaining everything. And then in that loom, I get them to book in a... Call for like the start of the week. So say today I was doing someone's, or I sold somebody, I did their setup, they would start Monday and then I'd tell them like, I'll book in a call like Monday or Tuesday of next week, just so we can run through everything. And then like their check-in day, it would be Thursday or whatever day they pick. So I would do like an initial call first, just to see if they have any questions really, which I don't know really if that's necessary. Or if I need to do a call before they, before I make the plan, like, I don't know if that's smarter.
Kyle Musca: I would, um, how, how long does it usually take you to make the plan after they sign up?
Morgan Eldrett: Um, it depends on the person. Like if they're really picky and in the, in their client setup form, they're like, I don't like eating the same thing every day. Then I have to make them like a really  intricate meal plan, but maybe 40 minutes of like everything, putting it all in, making the training. Program, doing that. Sometimes my looms go, or that setup loom usually goes for like, sometimes it goes for like 20 minutes. I'm like, , they're definitely going to forget what I said.
Kyle Musca: Yes. I mean, okay. And like after a client actually signs up, what's the time delay from when you can usually get that done by?
Morgan Eldrett: I usually can get it done soon. Like, so if they, like whatever day of the week it is, I send them, as soon as they pay, like I send them the new client setup form. And I usually say to them, like, I can get everything to you within 48 hours, which I usually can. Um, but between them filling out the form and say they fill out the form on a Tuesday, I'd probably do it on a Thursday. So there's probably like two days where they don't, there's nothing. Um, probably more work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. There's no real point jumping on the phone with them until you have the program ready for them, because otherwise you don't really have that much to talk What I would do in that scenario, so it's like if you sign them up on Tuesday and it's not going to be ready for like, let's say, I wouldn't, is it always done within 48 hours?
Morgan Eldrett: Like most of the time, but like if they sign up on a Monday, say like they have the call on a Tuesday and then their official start date's Monday. I don't really know what to do often because I'm like, well, do I just send you everything now and you kind of have a free week or?
Kyle Musca: I would essentially do that. Like that's what I say to my guys is like I'll have everything done within 24 to 48 hours, but we won't officially start on paper till like Monday. So essentially you'll get the rest of this week free and you can sort of prep, dip your toes, get used to everything, and then we can hit the ground hard come Monday. Sound good?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, I mean, they're not going to start to Monday anyway. It's like you don't do, you'll onboard them and stuff. I mean, there's just no point in not giving, if they're already paid, there's no point in not giving them something a little bit sooner. So they actually feel. Like they have something. What I would do is if you're like, let's say it's just 48 hours, for example, they sign up on Tuesday, you're not going to have it back till Thursday. I would send them a message or something like that on Wednesday being like, hey, you know, putting just, you know, don't say, don't sound like you're just starting on their program, but you obviously don't want to say like, I'm nearly done or anything like that as well, because then there's a whole other day. But kind of say like, you know, putting together the pieces of your, you know, meal plan or something like that right now, it's looking like fantastic. And then maybe just try and ask them a question or something like that, just so you have that touch point with them. It's again, for no other real reason besides the fact of you just trying to keep in contact with them a little bit. And then I would also say I should have it done by like, you know, tomorrow, are you free, you know, tomorrow afternoon for like 10, 15 minutes, just so we can jump on and I'll run you through, you know, everything just to make sure you're 100% clear on things.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, cool. Like, before that, they would have already had the video, though. Hey, so they would have watched the video.
Kyle Musca: If you've got a generic one, yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Like that setup video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then I would jump on the call with them and just run through. So basically, what my coaches do on the onboarding call is just run them through, obviously, the program and the meal plan and everything so they know how to access it. Basically, just making sure they know how to access everything. They know how to track everything. They know how often they need to track everything. So it's like if you want, you know, wait, track four times a week minimum, first thing in the morning, you know, before you eat or drink anything, you know, progress photos at least once a week and, you know, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. I'm going to be sending out your check-in form on Tuesday. So just, you know, make sure we get that done before the check-in day of actually Wednesday. You know, and then you'd also check if they've done the accountability form, right, because you want to make sure they sign that contract. So I would also run them through the roadmap. We looked at that before.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. I don't know if you showed me it, but Kyle, I actually think you sent it to me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. And that's where you kind of do that with them as well. So I was like, yeah, well, you know, building a program, this is essentially what I mapped it out for. So it's like this, you know, these weeks we're going to be priming, these weeks we're going to be doing proper cut. From there, we're going to reverse diet. I know we only joined for three months, but I always like to make sure I map out 12 months in advance just because, you know, this is a, however you , however you say it, right? Yeah. But like I always map out 12 months in advance just to make sure that you're, you know, always aware of what the next steps are if you want to continue pushing things.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Yeah. How do you get all the data for people to make their plans if that's not within your accountability form? Are you doing that on the sale? Like, are you getting stuff from them?
Kyle Musca: Oh, so my system does it when they sign up. But if it's for you. For example, where you do need them to fill this out, then I would just add those questions. Like, I would move some of these questions and just add the questions you need, essentially.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, cool. Because I already do kind of in that form have, like, write your goals down, write all your, like, roadblocks and stuff. So that's cool. I'll just, like, merge that.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. Yeah. The main details of this, like, it's just a Trojan horse at the end of the day. You can have whatever you want on this as long as they fill it out. So, just key details, know, name, email, address. Address is really important because it's, like, if you send them to the debt collectors, you want to know their address. And then from here, it's, like, these questions can be whatever you want them to be. And then it's, like, from here, it's, like, you want these to be, obviously, about the program exactly.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. I'm agreement. Yeah, that's cool. Sweet. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So you do have job form, hey?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, what are you... can do with job formats, can actually just send this, put this URL straight into your job form when you go to create a format or just download this entire form into your account.
Morgan Eldrett: can change it. Oh, cool. That's super handy. Thanks for that. And then I'll, I actually don't have like an actual contract, so that would be good for me to read that as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then for that, I would just, you can read it and then I would just, it should be in Newey as well.
Morgan Eldrett: can use that, whatever you want. don't think, really?
Kyle Musca: Well, your contract and Newey's contract will be different to mine. can use like whatever contract you use. The main thing is just you clearly outlay, like for me, for example, because I make a guarantee. It's a guarantee as a result. You have to, you know, complete guidelines and requirements after completing minimum assignment. Should not achieve expected results, despite fully adhering to training program, provide you with a full refund. You must log all training sessions for at least 80% of the nutrition plan and track at least 80% of calories. Colored food intake, communicate with coach at least three times a week and complete all weekly check-ins, data tracking as requested. So it's like you have to basically do the program to qualify it, right? Failure to meet this voids the guarantee.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So it just has all that stuff in there. Refund policy, completed work or delivered services that meet satisfactory quality standard unless agreed upon in writing. I mean, and then obviously also the packages and everything like that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So essentially what you could do is if you did want to use this one, just copy this, chuck it into ChatGPT and say, don't reword it, but change the key details that, you know, make sure it suits me and my company.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, sweet. Awesome, that's cool.
Kyle Musca: At the end of the day, unfortunately, contracts like me, like  all, unless you really wanted to sort of, you know, take them to small claims and stuff. But even then, I don't think you'd really get too much out of it. But it's just sort of something. To have, like, official there to say, you can pass them on to debt collectors and stuff like that, and they'll kind of, like, pester them, but even debt collectors can't do that much.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, and I just can't be bothered, like, it's what you said before, like, I don't want somebody to just then talk .
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: I just can't be bothered with it, but it is good to have at least something there, because then you can be like, well, you signed it. And oftentimes, I'm sure people just go, oh, yeah, haha, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, I would at least threaten with debt collectors and stuff. Like, I only do it if a client's being an absolute prick about it, you know what mean? Like, if they've got a legitimate reason and they're trying to work with me to come up with a solution that's fair, it's like, cool, you know, just pay for the work that I've essentially done for you and, you know, wrap things up. That's no stress. But it's like, if someone, like, for example, a guy paid me, like, 50 bucks, and he's like, oh, well, that should cover it, shouldn't it? I'm like, no. That does not cover it. And if they're just not willing to budge, it's like, well, you know, I'm not going to take this.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Now, yeah, so is there anything else that you want to cover in that sort of category of things?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I think that's perfect. That kind of helps you with the setup and I definitely need to make sure that, yeah, there's more communication between, like, sale and whatnot so that they don't kind of convince themselves. That's perfect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then the community as well is massive on that. And then if you ever do see a girl, you know, so for example, for me, I had a guy, this is the first time I saw it, or like it kind of really happened and kind of sparked it for me, is someone introduced themselves and then one of my, the guys in my team was like, oh, welcome, like you've made such a good decision or whatever. And then I just messaged him privately. I was like, hey, man, I really appreciate that. Like, you know, some people can feel pretty nervous about doing something like that, but if they hear that from someone like you, then, you know, it makes them feel a lot more confident. And then, so you're just like, yeah. Genuinely show the appreciation to them. So they want to do it more. And then like the next time someone like introduced themselves, he was like, welcome, brother, you've made the best decision ever. Like you've got a personal hype guy now. Yeah. Yeah. And you'll find the community is a great way to find who your, you know, really sort of cult-like members are. Like I've got a few of them now. Like I've got one guy now, his name's Craig, and he posts like all these training sessions and he tags me.
Morgan Eldrett: Like when he sees my ads, he'll repost them to his story and everything like that. He even shared like one of Bree's ads the other days to his story.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, like your community will like really make them feel part of something like a lot bigger than themselves.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. And I see that with Cal as well. Like the amount of referrals Callum gets from other guys who are just talking so highly of him and, and they have a little group and they're meeting.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, it's cool. Yeah. And it's great to, you know, get And implement a cultural norm. So, for example, like, I don't know if you know him, but do you know Nate Hoffman at all?
Morgan Eldrett: I know of him. I don't think I follow that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so he's someone, I don't know him at all, but like, he's someone where, you know, I look at his account, and it's just like, he's done this extremely well. He doesn't even just, he doesn't even post any of his own, you know, besides like the odd physique photo and everything like that. But he just collaborates with all these girls now, and they just share everything for him.
Morgan Eldrett: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: So, it's like, and when you can publicly create a community like this, because girls would come to him, and it's going to attract more girls that want to be a part of this type of thing. Yeah. Where they can tag him and post him and, you know, be a part of, like, kind of like, you know, Velocity or KTP or something like that. It's affiliate marketing, where essentially they feel like they're a part of a sort of, it depends on the type of group you go for. But for this, for example, it's like, I'm that, what this looks like to me is like, I'm that, you know, gym girl baddie. I'm a part of, like, the Nate Hoffman crew type thing. Like there's a stat, that's what it is. It's a status symbol, right?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, absolutely. I had a coach when I first started bodybuilding, who I literally signed up with him because I wanted that when I tagged him in my stories, I wanted him to reshare them. That's why I signed up with him. And he actually, back then, he made everyone put that they would coach, like it was in the rules that you had to put coached by him in your Instagram bio. So smart.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because like Jesse's a good example of this. He had a girl that, like you don't need someone with massive following to do this well either. Like, so again, Jesse had a girl that had 2,000 followers and stuff, but she would basically do this where she would create reels and like stories and all that. And like within a year, she brought in 40 clients for him. Just like through her alone. Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Wow. That's, and that's just literally, I guess, just word, like positive word of mouth. They really, and people trust other people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, well, it's like when you're, you know, constantly posting on social media and everything like that, like you, you know, obviously it doesn't deter anyone or anything like that. But it's like when someone with only like 2,000, 3,000, 4,000 followers, you know, posts a lot and they're looking awesome and they've made a really good transformation. It's like it's all their friends and their actual family and people that actually kind of know them. So it's like they have a lot of trust in them. So referrals are the easiest sale you'll ever make. Like I'm not sure if your friends ever referred you to something, but it's like if you end up chatting to whoever they've referred you to, you basically just buy it without question.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, 100%. I like that with hairdressers. I'm like, whatever. As soon as somebody says, are they good? I'm like, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I've been stung. Like I've paid like  $20,000 courses because someone, another coach has said they're good and they just ended up sucking. Yeah. But I didn't even think twice about it. You know what I mean? I was like, oh, it must be good. Like you recommended them. So yeah, perfect. So yeah, so with that, getting really good lead flow there, how are you sort of feeling with the CTAs and everything like that?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, pretty good. I just need to, I think I was just thinking that just this morning, I was just going to look at what you and Bri are doing, just like copy it, like the CTAs. But I think I've done a bit better, I think. That one was this morning's post, that's probably, like, I feel like I couldn't have done that better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's perfect. But yeah, you see how that's a lot of writing, and then it's like, you can see that, and it clearly separates the rest of it. You know what I mean? Like, it draws your eye to that. You know what mean? Like, as soon as I saw that emoji, my eye instantly went down and read that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, cool. I was kind of stuck with, like, the... The same sort of video, but the one down, the one that's like kind of about eating disorder. I was kind of like, oh, I don't really know how like specific to be when I'm talking about an eating disorder. Cause I'm not going to obviously say, oh, I hope you lose 10 kilos. What did I even say in that one? Oh yeah. Like I wasn't sure how, cause I know you were saying about being like really tangible. But is that kind of okay?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, if it's an eating disorder and everything like that. Yeah. Yeah. became an eating disorder. Telling them they'll lose 10 kilos. You might want to say like, if you want to improve your habits and eat in a way that improve your habits, the way you eat or change your physique. Yeah. So something like that, I could, I would probably say like, if you want to, if you want to become the healthiest, happiest version of yourself while improving your relationship with food.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Or like, yeah. Yeah. Emotion. Want to become the healthiest, happiest version of yourself while improving your relationship with food?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, improve relationship with food is good. Because I was like, how do I  say that without sounding like I'm a psychologist? Because I'm obviously not going to fix somebody's eating sort of eating, improve relationship.
Kyle Musca: And then it's like a nuanced structure, it's important, yeah. And then it's like, I'll help you is usually what that does, like that second line there. I'll help you become, I'll help you get into the best physical and mental shape of your life without extreme restriction. Again, X, Y, Z, whatever you say.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, perfect. But like, yeah, you're seeing, like you got 37, almost 40K views on that one, 38 on this one. I think for you as well, like again, same as Callum, your physique and everything will sell itself.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so it's like, you know, want to change your life. I hope you go from stuck and sad to healthy and happy in six months.
Morgan Eldrett: um yeah oh yeah that was actually probably actually a really good one yeah cool yeah but and you can rinse and repeat them you know I mean like you don't have to like for me for example mine is pretty much unless it's like like the eating disorder one where you have to kind of change it to suit the video um mine is just the way it's like I'll help you lose 10 kilos in the next 12 weeks um and become xyz yeah yeah cool um yeah I think I'm like kind of I feel like after our call last week I was kind of thinking about it and I feel like my mindset's kind of shifted away from like yeah it seems whatever like um desperate and more just like oh it's just putting it on it like this is my job this is what I do it's literally just on my social media like I'm not begging people to sign up I'm just literally putting it there I don't why for I just it feel like it clicked last week where I was like oh yeah it's not really that desperate yeah yeah
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would kind of think of it like my clicking moment for that was when I would like always post ghosts and like other brands and stuff like that. And I was like, well, why would I take like 10% when I could just take 100% and get someone to pay me like for coaching? You know what mean? So it's like, it's the exact same concept. Like I'm sure you don't feel sort of desperate or anything like that when you, you know, post Velocity and the Velocity, yeah, post Velocity and stuff on your stories and everything.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: And then how are you going with the content? Have you tried any of the like voiceover style ones?
Morgan Eldrett: No, because kind of these ones were kind of just working. So I sort of just rolled with them. But I had, what did I write down? I had a little bit of a plan. Let me just see what I said.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So these ones are absolutely working. These are great as well. Bree is getting into these ones quite a lot. And the reason for that. Cause you can, you can say a lot in the captions and then in the background, this just keeps playing while they're reading it.
Morgan Eldrett: Did you see Kyle's one of that, that he posted the other day, like popped off. Not the most recent one. Oh, wait, actually no. Um, that one, things I don't do anymore, like 115k, 2000 likes, like that's insane. And it was just the exact same concept.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So these sort of, these kinds of videos do do well. I would just add kind of layering into it now for you. Cause like, you, you know how to do these videos, um, and they are doing well for you. So I would add essentially just like layering and I'm not saying like, you know, do anything crazier. I'd probably add just in one more style of, of video. The other thing as well is I wouldn't, um, it's not that. I wouldn't spam them, but, like, these are very similar to, you know, reaction, not reaction, sorry, like the short, trendy audio ones, for example. So, like, for you, for example, I brought this up a few times over the weeks, but, like, Emily's old content, I think, if you, like, really analyzed and tried to nail it for yourself, you'd crush. Because, again, you've got the, you've got the toning and everything like that, that, you know, girls really sort of want to go after. You know what mean? Like, I'm not sure how you're old, sort of.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, it's a shame. I have, like, I was never fat, unfortunately.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: I don't have, like, a drastic transformation. I'm like, damn.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I mean, like, even when you sort of started or anything like that.
Morgan Eldrett: of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, something like that. But, yeah, definitely. The other person... And then, so there's that type of content, we've been over that, so I'm not going to spend too much time doing it. But another person I think would be really sort of ideal to do, especially because it's kind of like already the videos you're kind of doing, it's just putting them into actual voiceovers.
Morgan Eldrett: Did we look at Kiara's? No, but I do see hers, and I actually replicated, I tried to copy one of hers, and I like the voiceover style she does.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so with these as well, like you'll notice, yeah, so this is the same thing. What's funny is like she could have taken them like two hours apart.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that's definitely, yeah. I think, yeah, her voiceover ones are pretty good, like they chop and change a lot, that's what I kind of noticed. Lots of like overlays and .
Kyle Musca: Even on this as well, I mean, I'm not sure how, you know. Well, you do this, but like even just looking at that, you could literally just try and go get a video of yourself in terrible lighting, you know, just make yourself look as trying as bad as possible. I mean, like get one in the gym and it'd be the exact same thing as what she's done here.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then, yeah. So for her voiceovers, yeah. Took me five years to figure this out, but I'm going to teach it to you in less than 60 seconds. Yeah. See how, especially at the start of her videos, there's a lot of eye-gauging stuff. I mean, five years to figure this I mean, it starts with her and then it pops up and then it goes away and then you're looking back at her or within like a second. Took you in less than 60 seconds. This is the shift that finally got my body to it. And I'd really analyze this, the wording she uses, because she uses like a lot of buzzwords. You know what I mean? Like, it's not like she's talking to, you know, obviously you change it to suit your audience and everything. Like that a lot more, but she talks about like, let's say something. Super. Real quick, and this took me five years to figure this out, but I'm going to teach it to you in less than 60 seconds. This is the shift that finally got my body to respond and took me from soft to feeling lean and tough without heading my life and spending hours in the gym. So what you did there was achieve goal without pain. That's usually, that's like one of the main sort of title methods, achieve goal without pain. That's what we do in our CTAs as well. You don't want lose 10 kilos without, you know, super restrictive diets.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I haven't really thought about it like that before.
Kyle Musca: And then even analyze the hook. It took me five years. It took me five years to figure this out, but I'm going to teach it to you in less than 60 seconds.
Morgan Eldrett: This is the shift that finally got my body. It's very fast paced as well. Mm-hmm, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Ready to respond and took me from... It was also tangible, if you think about it.
Morgan Eldrett: It took me five years. I'm going to teach it to you in 60 seconds. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm soft to feeling lame and tired without hating my... Even there, you see how there was that little jump, like it zoomed in a little bit? You wouldn't really notice that if you weren't breaking the video down, but even that little stuff will keep the eye even more engaged. And this is the next part of my event, Ready, So I'm everything I wish I knew before losing 22 pounds and helping other ladies do the same.
Morgan Eldrett: you can finally feel more. eye-engaging.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Which is just heaps of social proof as well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, that's super smart.
Kyle Musca: And your body can't ready for any event. So here's the truth. Your body can't transform if it doesn't recognize what you're feeling. She's also talking, again, she's talking, she's very good at talking on what girls want to do, like be ready for every event. You know what mean? Like it's, it's talking about like what her actual demographics are doing it for. I mean, sometimes as coaches and when you're like, you know, living this life, you know, and you're sort of an exemplary, sort of, you know. Like, of it, you can find it hard to relate to what someone who's completely new at the start of their journey is sort of thinking and, you know, what they want to achieve, right? So it's like the way I would think of it is like when you're making these videos, anytime you're doing any sort of marketing, it's like take your mind out of who you are and try and look at it from the perspective of who you want to attract.
Morgan Eldrett: Yep. Yep. Which I'm so bad for. Or like, yeah, I forget that people don't know things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you know what mean? Like something that's so basic to you, like a child should know that, like most people probably don't know. That's why sales calls, I think, are really, really good to tie into marketing because you hear directly from them what they're struggling with and what they're trying to do. And you'll hear the tone, like tone or the tone, but also the terminology they use around it. And you'll pick up patterns, you know, you'll hear comments. And you'll know that when you, you know, you just automatically know how to respond to something when they've said it, because you've heard it so many times before. It's like, if you get to that point, it's like, I should probably talk about that more often.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. And I've, I've even noticed just in this last week, like, I, I feel like I'm so detached from reality because I've been like, cause we've been in this world for so long. The people like talking about having nursing, like a nursing job and working night shifts. I'm like, I forgot people did that. Like, I forgot that people actually worked like normal jobs. And so when they're saying it, almost like, yeah, I have felt so detached from it. And so it's been good to sort of hear that as well. Cause I'm kind of like, oh . It doesn't, it doesn't feel like my world.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, that's a good thing because most people are completely oblivious to that fact. You know what mean? And that's why when people talk, it's usually like pretty terrible takes. Just cause they're, I guess, ignorant to the fact of how. Other people actually live their life. But yeah, if you can keep that really top of mind, then yeah. Most of your diet is packaged, processed, very not. You'll also hear, like when she talks about this food, because I've watched these a few times, she doesn't actually give any information, right? And that's what I kind of come, like when I talk about, you know, you don't actually educate. People will watch this and be like, oh yeah, I know what I'm talking about now, whole foods and . But it's like, that gives you no sort of bearing on how to actually do it. It's the what, but not the how. that's like, if you can do, that's what I would really, again, keep in mind when you are, you know, if you're going to make something like this, is talk about the what, but not the how, right? Because they will come to you for the how.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. And I guess the what is like.
Kyle Musca: The what would be like, eat whole foods, you know, get eight hours of sleep, get 10K steps in. But it's like, how do you actually do that if you're working, you know, night shift?
Morgan Eldrett: GIFs as a nurse. Yeah, no, okay, I get you.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, it's a fine line because they can get blurred fairly easily. But essentially it's like, you know, eat whole foods, but that's different to an actual meal plan built for you. And we have more craving. Oh, sorry, what was that?
Morgan Eldrett: No, that's right. I was just saying, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Probably feel inflamed, bloated, no energy. And you will stay, plain bloated, no energy, all buzzwords. Stuck and soft. If you want your body to finally respond, follow this exact structure. 80% whole foods, 20% processed. means most of your meals are coming from single ingredients, not packaged. Start with protein at every single meal. 20 to 40 grams minimum. Then add fiber and volume from vegetables. This keeps you full and curbs the snack. Fill the rest with carbs and fats. See, like, that's very, very basic information. If you were at the point where that information was useful. All right. For you, I can guarantee you, you do not know how to actually put that together. You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Like, they're not gonna be able to be like, okay, cool, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: I'm gonna go lose weight now.
Morgan Eldrett: They're gonna be like, , how do I do that?
Kyle Musca: I'm gonna have to ask her. Yeah. Yeah, well, they think about it. They're like, oh, yeah, that does make sense. And then they go away and do it. And they're like, I just can't do this. I can't do this. I don't know how to do it. I'll message Chiara. You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And what works best for you? have three to four solid meals like this per day, and you'll start to notice your body shifts. But eating clean just isn't enough. You also know, she hasn't spoken about a calorie deficit once. SPART is what actually transforms your body. It took me five years to forget. Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: The training does not. Okay. But yeah, I get it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, there's her. And then another person I haven't actually looked at, but I think she does similar stuff, is Madeline. Bye Meet Madeline. Is it me, Madeline?
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, yeah, Maddy Starrus, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you'll notice that these girls talk about buzzwordy  a lot. She's about the gut detox and the bloats and everything like that, you know what I mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, and like the fat loss meals and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Girl, I already know it. Okay, you want your dream body, but you don't want to make any food sacrifices. You don't want to eat beef. I mean, good hook. like, so I always, in my hooks, I always like to call them out in some way or another so they know exactly who the video is for. So, mine's like, you'll notice when I write ads and everything like that, it's like, you know, if you're a, even if it, it can just be one word, like lads or girls, you know, something like that. Or if you're a dude in his 20s or something like that, you know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Instantly just so that they know that the video applies to them.
Kyle Musca: Beef, mince, and rice. And then from that as well. Well, I already know it. Okay, you want your dream body, but you don't want to make any food sacrifices. You want goal without. I want to eat beef, mince, and rice, and avocado for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and I got you, okay? You don't have to do those things. It can feel so effortless, and this was one of those days where I didn't want it to feel hard, and I hadn't even had that much meat. I still hit my protein. Feel is another real sort of key word I would keep top of mind, because when you say, so on calls, for example, when you say, how does that make you feel, right? If you said that versus, like, what do you think about that, you'll get a different response, because if I said, what do you think about that, and you can probably feel it if someone asks you, like, you subconsciously feel it, you're kind of, for me, like, my eyes will kind of almost roll up, and I'll be in my head, you know what I mean? Whereas if someone says, how does that make you feel, it's more of a down here, it's sort of feeling, you know what mean? So it's literally by different wording, you'll elicit a different response in the body. Same things if I, like, same things as, like, and these are different things, like, these are psychological things as well. But even, like, if I said, do you see what I'm saying? It would be, that would apply to someone who's, like, more visual, right? Do you hear what I'm saying would apply to someone who's more auditory. I mean, so the words you use, like, those particular, like, for the most part, most words don't use, but those little words like that will elicit a different response because they'll, like, their chemistry in their body will respond differently based off what they're trying to, you know, express.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: I had egg white pancakes for breakfast, a cottage cheese bagel for lunch, a little smoothie, and then pasta for dinner and had this huge yoga ball for dessert. It was so good. You also notice on that as well, like, she spent the first half of this video talking about, you know, you want gold without pain. How does that make, like, I didn't want it to feel hard. You don't have to eat boring rice and stuff like that. And the last, like, six, seven sections. And she's rapid-fired a whole  day of what she actually ate. It felt so effortless. Girl, I already know it, okay? Nice, short, sharp, to the point.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Same videos as well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Why did no one tell me that my dream arms were actually hidden in training shoulders? Because I avoided weight training my shoulders for probably four years. I thought it was going to make me look bulky, but it actually made my waist look smaller. And now I have like these Pilates arms that I'm obsessed with, all from actually just training shoulders.
Morgan Eldrett: So let's go over it. This is all the workout details are going to be on the screen. But I started with a shoulder press and then this little superset look with the side raises on the cable. Be surprised. Everything's very fast.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The cuts are probably a little bit slow, I know, but she's still, obviously, the video still did really well for her. You'll notice that this one, even though this one got almost three times the views, this one actually got a lot better engagement.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'd say that potentially people save this one more because it wasn't a workout video.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. I think everything with food, people are so more obsessed with food than training, I feel.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Nutrition always seems to go harder. It might go to high-protein breakfast at the moment, especially if you're in a fat-loss phase, because it's going to keep you so full, the volume is so... And this is something I'd really, really encourage you to do, is get out of the mind of a consumer when you're looking at reels, and get into the mind of a producer. You know what Really break it down from the hooks, the angles, the cuts, the pacing of the wording. Like, break it down as much as humanly possible. You'll get better with it as time, the more you do it as well. But, like, even something like this, you wouldn't notice that unless you were, like, actively looking for it. See how she comes closer right at the start there? You wouldn't really even notice that. You wouldn't... I do the exact same in my videos, is when I start, I'll, like, move the phone like that. So, for, like, microsecond, it's like a come-close type thing, and it engages visually. Too high-protein breakfast at the moment, especially if you're in a fat-loss phase, because... Doing something like these as well, people love nutrition, but they'll also save it a lot so they can come back to it.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So she's probably another person I would like to look at in terms of that type of content because she's, I haven't looked at it before, but she does it very similar to how Chiara does do it.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Does that all make sense? And again, on that as well, your physique is going to sell itself. So I think you'd be on par with those girls if you really executed that type of content.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah. Cool. That makes all, makes total sense. I'll keep, I feel like I'm getting in a bit of a groove with it. So it's just about trying to like keep consistent with it and do a little bit more of the voiceovers. I think that's pretty good. Keep with the CTAs. Yeah, I think the only thing else I was going to ask is just, I can't remember, we spoke about it last week, but each week, how many CTAs on my story do you think? It's like too much. I know we said like there's the poll question, blah, blah, blah. And then you said to do the like I'm taking on people from March. Like should I still do that every Sunday and just like reword it? Like I'm looking for seven girls for the next week or something?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would. So I do two a week, hard CTAs, one on Sunday, Monday, one on Thursday. The Thursday one I usually do a transformation, like a client win essentially, but publicly. Yeah. And then you don't always have to add urgency and scarcity because obviously every single week you're like I'm taking on four girls, I'm taking on seven girls, I'm taking on six girls. That can become a little bit redundant. Yeah. It's crazy. Like if you do it every fortnight, for example, people aren't going to remember you doing it from two weeks ago. It's just if you constantly spam it, they will. And then yes, I would do two hard CTAs and then you can do as many of the soft. CTAs as you want because they're not technically like hard, like, you know, apply for coaching things. It's like questionnaires, sticker taps, you know, polls. Because, for example, you could be like, what do you struggle with most? Nutrition, training, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. That's a soft CTA. But anyone that clicks on that just said that they're struggling with something.
Morgan Eldrett: So they're a hand raiser that you could message them at the back end if you wanted to put in that manual work. Yeah, yeah, that's cool. I think it was more just a hard CTA. I was like, I couldn't remember because I did the I'm looking for blah, blah, blah girls to start March off. And that was good. Then I was like, oh, do I do that again this week but just reword it?
Kyle Musca: They're kind of like they're the exact same as the ad ones we did, you know what mean? Like you can basically say the same thing but you might just want to cut out that you're looking for ex-girls. It's like, you know, are you, again, goal without pain, you know? Girls, you looking, girl, are you looking to drop 10 kilos over the next three months without, you know, sacrificing your social life?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that's cool.
Kyle Musca: And then, you know, whatever you say for the rest of it doesn't happen. Anything too crazy, but yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that's perfect. That's perfect. Thank you for that. Cool. I think that's everything. I'll message you if I get stuck. Thanks for the help with the client cancelling and all that. That would be really helpful. And yeah, I think I'm good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Awesome. All right. Well, yeah, we're getting good lead volume organically. So if we can just keep ramping that up, we should be golden.
Morgan Eldrett: Cool. Yeah, perfect. And is it all right if I record a few of my next sales calls and then maybe next call we can review them? Maybe?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Yeah, definitely record them and we can review them for sure.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, cool. All right. Thank you so much. No worries. Chat soon. All right. Bye. Bye.


>>> 114/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-05T07:05:06Z | id:127351211
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, how you going?
Asha: Hello, I'm good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, how's it have been?
Asha: Can you hear me? Do I need to go somewhere else?
Kyle Musca: I'm in a car park. No, I can hear you. Can you hear me?
Asha: Okay, perfect. Yeah, it just broke up at the start, but no, we're good. It's been good. How's yours? Yeah, good. It's pretty busy so far, but busy is better than being bored. Yeah. I feel like you would be flat out. Yeah, no, I was not pretty sick, but I was like sick last week, so I was Struggle Street, but good now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Is Ava joining us?
Asha: I don't know, I don't think so. She actually hasn't mentioned it today, so I'm not too sure if she would be.
Kyle Musca: That's okay. We've got this recording anyway, so I can just send this through if need be, and she can review it. Did you get the check-in form yesterday?
Asha: Yeah, I've had a day. I'm so sorry. I've been really bad. A day, a week, . I feel like I have so much. I don't have a lot to do, but there's things that I'm just really struggling to get my brain to just be like,  do it. And yeah, I've just kind of been running around today. Hence, no, I'm due for my period, and I get like, I'm pretty sure I have PMDD, so it's just really hard for me to do. Oh my gosh, shut the  up. Really hard for me to do like simple . It's me and I have to just do what can.
Kyle Musca: And yeah, I'm doing my period in a day, so I'm like, .
Asha: And I've just kind of, there's just stuff I'm like, I don't even know how to start. And I haven't even clicked on the link, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's no stress. We'll run over just the base level stuff. What's up with you guys? How many calls have you booked over the last week?
Asha: , minimal. I've got a lot less inquiries. I'm still posting content, but haven't been that many inquiries. All the inquiries I've reached out to, I have heard from a couple girls. I've followed up all of them. I'm just getting the crickets. I've had... I've had... I've had... I've had... Thank you. So one call on Monday, I closed that girl. She's then just messaged me 15 minutes ago being like, I'm so sorry, I'm going to have to cancel. So I did the whole payment, the thing that you spoke about. I also did that on the other girl that I canceled last, sorry, that I closed last week. She was like, okay, no, you're so right. I'll stay. I didn't even rate the contract. I had calls yesterday.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you're breaking up there.
Asha: Oh, sorry. Why don't I move? I'm just going to drive up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's no stress.
Asha: Sorry, we don't have this. That's for like 30 30 seconds. Thank you. Okay, that should be better.
Kyle Musca: I'll just pull down like a side straight. Can you hear me? Yeah, yeah, perfect.
Asha: Okay, perfect. I don't know where I can go. One second. All right, amazing. So what did I cut out?
Kyle Musca: Thank you for that. Um, you, the one girl signed up and then she's trying to pull out and then you had another girl last week, but then she stayed on.
Asha: Yeah. So, you know how I sent you that voice message this morning? I did what you said and that worked. She was like, you know what? I haven't even read the contract. You're right. And she's like, we'll just do the 12 weeks. That's fine. And she was the week to week girl. And then the girl who I spoke to on, I think Tuesday, sorry, she, I set her account up today, onboarded her, and then, yeah, she, just before she did the whole unexpected financial  message, and then I sent her a similar message to what I sent the other girl, literally five minutes before this call. So we'll see what she says. But, yeah, I had, I don't I any calls today. I'm just, I don't know. I feel like I'm not having luck with these leads. I don't know what these people are interested in. They're all just ghosting me. Is this normal?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So we'll break it all down. We'll break it step by step. So in terms of the cancer, like if someone tries to pull out, there's a few different things that are contributing to that. So one is, let's just say that, you know, trying to cancel in general and they're still within that contract length. This is why it's really important from the start to say, you know, I can bring on a billing company because it sets the, you know, tone and the standard from the start that there is a billing company in place. You don't want to kind of just whip it out on them, you know, add the blue, because then they're to be like, well, I never agreed to that.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You'd saying, well, I can bring on a billing company, break it down, payments, and they agreed to it.
Asha: So now what you want to do there is you really want to think of yourself as the middleman who's just trying to get.
Kyle Musca: The best conclusion and solution for everyone involved. You know what mean?
Asha: And that's why essentially the billing company is the bad guy and you're just there trying to do everything you can to make the process as simple and easy as possible.
Kyle Musca: So one is like I would try and coach them back in first because you don't want to just go in their guns blazing with, you billing company, this, cancellation fees, that, and everything like that. It becomes very argumentative very quickly. If you can kind of show them that you do genuinely care and, again, you're there to try and see them succeed and, you know, get them to follow through on the commitment that they made to themselves, you know, you remain in that really nice sort of coaching, you know, perspective, right?
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if they do keep pushing back and everything like that, like, you know, they say, oh, you know, financial reasons, whatever they, whatever story they give you, like, that's, you know, I completely understand. I don't want to put any other financial stress on you or anything like that. If you are really set on cancelling, it does get a little bit tricky because we did bring on that, like, that billing company. But look, what I. I do is I can send out an early cancellation request if you are really set on it, something like that, right? They'll say yes, and then I give it a day, so I always leave it for 24 hours, so it looks more legit. And then the next day, they come back, and you're basically like, look, I've just been going back and forth with the billing company all day. Essentially, what they do is they look at the program we went on, how far we are through it, how much work has been completed, and the expenses that have been involved in that. And then essentially, they give a rate to cover that completed work, right?
Asha: Essentially, sorry, initially, they wanted, and again, we're price anchoring here.
Kyle Musca: So initially, they took a look at the work. So for me, for example, I would say I always make sure that we're always two months ahead to make sure that you're never left without a program. So essentially, I took a look at that, and they wanted $867 to cancel, right? So I always like to add it on an odd number, so 867. goes down I'm about $867,000, so Makes it seem more legit. Then what will happen is, and then you say, so initially I wanted 867, but I managed to get them right down to just, you know, 437 or something like that. Right? So you've gone into battle for them essentially to get them a better rate. If you do this properly, people will come back and be like, you know, oh, thank you so much. I really appreciate that. Everything like that. And they'll have no problem like paying it. I mean, ideally, obviously you want them to stay longer, but like, if you can, you know, get the money that, you know, is owed to you because you've still completed work for them at the end of the day. And, you know, they leave on a high note, you know, they leave on a sort of a, you know, a positive note because you've helped them save the money, essentially. Then there's no like bad blood or anything like that. You don't get a, you know, bad reputation or anything. They don't go start talking  about you. In fact, they'll probably do the opposite.
Asha: Yeah. So I used to do very similar, just with there being like a 50%. Fee that you need to cover if you are 100% certain that you need, like, you have to cancel. And most of the time they end up paying that. So, yeah, I like the whole, like, gone back and forth and kind of just adding a little bit more to it. So we'll see what this girl says and then I'll try and work something like that into it as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then it's really important to, sort of, like, some people can be, like, real cunty about it and just real, like, arrogant. It's really important to try and, like, keep it cool and, like, again, you know, always come from the angle of, like, look, I'm trying to do everything I can to help you. But, you at the end of the day, we are a business. We have done work for you. And, obviously, that work wasn't, you know, free. Like, it does need to be, sort of, paid, which is only fair. Whenever you get into these, sort of, conversations, you want to use the word fair not as much as possible, but you do want to make sure you're using the word fair because humans inherently want to be fair, right?
Asha: Yeah. Now, does that all make sense on that?
Kyle Musca: to start things? Perfect. Now, in terms of... In of, so when did this girl sign up?
Asha: Tuesday? What's today? Yeah, it was Tuesday, so two days ago.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And two things on that. Have you given her the program? Like, have you actually released it to her?
Asha: So I set her up this morning, onboarded her, and then I sent her a text. was like, hey, babe, check your email. Sometimes it goes to your junk folder. And you're all set up, and I'll have your meal plan finalized and sent to you within 24 hours. And she never responded to that, and then sent me a message being like, yeah, what I said before, being like, oh, I had unexpected payments and  to come out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, even for something like that, you could always come from the angle of as well as like, oh, look, you know, I've already done work for you, and I really do want to see you succeed and everything like that.
Asha: If it's just because you've had an unexpected payment come about, you know, we can pause things for like two weeks or something to help you get on top of it. Well, I was even thinking of saying like, look, why don't I push your first, because she paid up front and then was doing installments. So I could push the first installment date back by an extra two weeks or something to give her some time.
Kyle Musca: Like, do you think I should send something like that with a follow-up message? If she's covered a decent amount already, then I wouldn't follow up, depending on what you said.
Asha: But if she's... Or wait for her to send a message.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, if she's paid a decent amount up front already, you know, you could definitely go with that. I wouldn't, you know, if she was doing week to week or something like that, then I wouldn't necessarily do that.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you do sort of pause them and stuff, they have to obviously be like, I would basically say like, you know, I just want to, again, be 100% transparent because I'll have to let the billing company know, you know, after the two week period. Period. What are you, you know, essentially want to say like, are you actually going to, you know, continue on? Right.
Asha: Like, yeah. And not just ghost you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And you just want to make it known, like, you know, you kind of want to walk the fine line of like, you know, because you don't want to back them into corner and be like, well, what if I'm not ready by then type thing? Um, but at the same time, like, you want to make it known that you can't just ghost me because, you know, the billing company will pass you on to debt collectors, essentially.
Asha: Yeah. Yeah. So we'll see. I wonder if she's got, I completely understand. Um, yeah, it's in CAP, so she's gone to , not CAP, it's in BOLT, so she's gone to chat and just got a generic thing. She said, I'm happy to fall off at the $1,000, but wants to cancel, rah, rah, so.
Kyle Musca: How would you approach that? you want me to read it out to you? Yeah, yeah.
Asha: Or I'll just send you a screenshot after this.
Kyle Musca: It's not even that important, to be honest. Did she say she's willing to forfeit the $1,000? Yeah. Oh.
Asha: For someone who's having financial difficulties, it's a bit of a weird thing to say.
Kyle Musca: Did she go for six months?
Asha: So what I did, yeah, for six months.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So one thing I would do there, I would be, again, I come from the angle of you're trying to, like, see her succeed and everything like that, and be like, look, like, I really appreciate you doing that and everything like that. You know, unfortunately, there is the business side of things, but, like, me being a coach, I genuinely do really want to see you succeed.
Asha: And then I would basically say did say that. Yeah. In the first message, I didn't just say, like, the part about the billing company. I was like, you know, you did say this, like, I want us to work together to achieve X, Y, Z, rah, rah, rah, rah. Her message response- She's great, but she's just basically being like, I just don't want to move forward, in short, from what I just read there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would chat to her and basically be like, look, try and coach her into it. Again, this really depends on if it's a fear or like an actual financial thing. Try and pause it, or at the very least, I'd basically be like, look, you know, I'll keep that on hold, essentially hold for you. So when you do, you know, get into a better spot, you can come back to me and I'll contribute that to the program and we can get started from scratch.
Asha: So should I offer her like a four to six week pause, basically, or something?
Kyle Musca: Is that what you mean? And if she's willing to let you keep the $1,000, like she doesn't necessarily have to even come back.
Asha: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: That's still like, you've done no work or anything like, oh, not much work for, you know, the $1,000 there. But like, that's a good cancellation sort of rate.
Asha: It's not like you. That's the most... It's onboard that I've done, which is great. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, it's not super ideal. I would give her the option to pause.
Asha: Again, like try and actually like, you know, be there to help her, you know, give her the option to pause.
Kyle Musca: If worse comes to worse and she says, I don't want to borrow it, just be like, look, you know, I completely understand, you know, take all the time you need. When you're in a better position, come back, let me know, and I'll contribute that thousand dollars.
Asha: We'll just start from scratch. Yeah. Perfect. I think that would be, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'll say that. That sounds really good. Yeah. And then, yeah. And then usually for me, for example, depends on how hard it is, but if they do pay a cancellation fee, then I give them access to like two months of the program for free, essentially.
Asha: But I don't like actually coach them or anything like that. Yeah. So it's just like, here's the training program.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Asha: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: I like that. And then, so have you spoken to this girl? So you signed her up on Tuesday. Have you spoken to her before? Like, essentially, you gave her, told her to check her emails this morning?
Asha: Yeah, I had, let me check her, I can't remember, Demi. Yeah, so we started messaging on the 26th of February. And then it's, and then Friday, she got back to me, Tuesday, I've literally been talking to since the 26th of February. And then she booked in, um, Tuesday, sorry, I don't know, I sent her that. Yeah, so while we were chatting, she booked in a call from, when was the 26th? Like a week ago. So chatting a little bit, then we had our call for about 30 minutes on Tuesday. And then, I think I sent her a message being like, can't wait to work with you, rah, rah. And I told her, Mike, because I do onboardings on Thursday. Okay. So then today was the first day where I was like, hey, babe, I've set your account up.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, she didn't get back to me. So what happens here is this is just called, this is just buyer's remorse. Essentially, it's kind of like similar to, you know, when someone says I need to think about it or I need to speak to my partner, they just go away. And like if they don't know the next steps or they haven't heard from anyone, they haven't gotten anything, what they'll do is they'll just sit and they'll brew and they'll start. Convincing themselves like why they shouldn't do it and why it's not a good time right now and X, Y, Z. And then it will boil up and then they'll be like, no, I won't do this anymore. Like cancel me and everything like that.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What we want to do here is we basically want to close that gap. We want to like not let them sit and brew so much. So there's a couple of things we can do here. One is it's easier once you have a coach. So for me, for example, I, my clothes are clothes of them and then I give them. the of, charge for to Call straight after. It's only like a five-minute call. And I basically run them through the next steps so they understand. So you might want to do this on the call. So this is the next steps. You know, I'll onboard you on Thursday. I should have everything built within 24 to 48 hours, however you say it. And then, you know, so I'll actually show you mine.
Asha: So I do do that once I've signed up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So I would, so I create a group chat, but I would have something similar to this for you.
Asha: So this is- I'm trying to zoom in. Where'd that go? Is that still on here?
Kyle Musca: I can just send this through to you on text.
Asha: Oh, no, I can see it. Sorry. I didn't know if you could like swipe from screens.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah. I'll send it to you anyway so you can have look after. But essentially, it's like, obviously, I'd say I want to introduce you together, but you're not going to have a coach just yet, so you wouldn't worry about that. You'd be like, hey, you're so keen to, you know, get into this journey, whatever you say, right?
Asha: Yeah. Now, this is
Kyle Musca: There's a couple of things, right? So one is this accountability form. Do you have a contract or anything like that that they actually sign?
Asha: Yeah. So in NUI, they have, yeah, they've got like, I couldn't tell you what it is off the top of my head, but I've got like a no refund policy, cancellation, some cancellation policy, pause. Or there's actually a few good little agreements in there, which has actually got me a lot of money.
Kyle Musca: Like before they had those contracts, I used to lose out on so much money. Yeah. So it depends. Can you download that specific to each client?
Asha: Do you want me to show you hers?
Kyle Musca: One second. Yeah. I know how NUI does it because my app does the same thing. It's just a text box.
Asha: I'll just go into the fitness bestie. Let's just go into the fitness. Let's fitness. Um, , I'm never in here. Hey, normally Ava. Does Disco Purchases Customer?
Kyle Musca: I'd be surprised if Neuro does save it on a case-by-case basis.
Asha: So it's Terms of Service Coached by Asha.
Kyle Musca: I'll just screenshot, like, what I can. Yeah. But the issue here, the issue with the...
Asha: Or do I need to send another contract?
Kyle Musca: Sorry, I can't cut you off. Yeah, so the issue with the text, like, the tick boxes, is it doesn't actually... One, it's not a... It's an e-signature, but it's not, like, a formal signature. And because it's not an actual, like, downloadable PDF that's specific to the person, like, if you do bring on debt collectors and everything like that, it's pretty useless.
Asha: Like, they can't do much with it. Yeah. So it's a sign here you agree on this, basically.
Kyle Musca: I just sent a photo. Yeah. Yeah. So that's just a standard. Like, my app does the same thing. Um... But it's not really that enforceable, right? Because it doesn't actually have their name, their actual name, and all their specific details on it, right? It's just agreeing to terms and conditions, essentially.
Asha: Of course.
Kyle Musca: So if you, one, you bring on debt collectors or something that, again, can't really use it. And two, people won't really see that as an official document. You know, I mean, if you get a real, like, cunty person, they're going to go, I didn't sign anything. And you can argue with them, but at the end of the day, like, can't, again, you can't do too much. So that's exactly what this is for. Now, what system do you use Kahunas or?
Asha: I used to use Kahunas and I now use EverFit because they have really good auto flows and, like, automation. So it's changed my life.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Asha: And I use CoachBase for meal plans.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. And with your, like, when you're getting their client details about their meal prep, their food preferences and all that stuff, is that... Is in the app or is that done external?
Asha: External.
Kyle Musca: Oh, perfect. Okay. I could probably do it in there, but I just have Google Forms.
Asha: Yeah, so... Sorry, like a Google, the purple one? What the 's that? Yeah, Google Forms, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you have JotForm or Typeform or anything?
Asha: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'd probably use JotForm moving forward.
Asha: Really?
Kyle Musca: For this exact reason. So this is my accountability form because in macro, they obviously start, like, give their height, their age, and all that stuff. But if you are going to collect their actual details to build their meal plan, then I would add that into this form. So it's just, like, one form instead of having to send them two. But essentially...
Asha: And you can chop and Sorry, if I'm so close to this screen, I literally can't see. I don't even know if you can see me.
Kyle Musca: No, you're good. So you'd keep this stuff the same, like the name, the date of birth, the email, and the address. Now, the reason we... We do the address is because if they do, you know, become an absolute prick and you want to pass them on to debt collectors, then it actually has their address.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They'll start, like, actually emailing them, mailing them stuff, and potentially, like, rock up at that door.
Asha: Love it.
Kyle Musca: And then, again, this is where you'd, like, basically, you can add whatever questions you want here. This is essentially just a bit of a Trojan horse, right? So for me, it's, like, I do as an accountability form, you know, what's your main physique goals, you know, what's your, like, why now, what's your personal problem? So I'd probably keep these stuff in there because this, again, is going to help them sort of reinforce the reasons that they did move forward. You could change this stuff however you want. And then you'll see that the program agreement, right? So this is where they'd say, you know, maybe the program package, gold, and then, like, let's say six months, and then they'd sign it. And then from there, you just click Let's Transform, right? Like, you wouldn't even think about it. is. 이유ing in tiles is talking, yeah, Driveck Yeah.
Asha: Yeah.-hmm.
Kyle Musca: But you'll see that there's this dropdown here, and this is like my entire contract.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So with the details that they've filled out, so you can see here the package price, so that's what that was there.
Asha: They've just agreed to a gold six months, which is $3,500.
Kyle Musca: Gold six months, wherever it is. Yeah, right there. Plus to all my terms and condition, it also has the guarantee of results. So it's like, which is why we can do that, but it's a conditional guarantee. So to qualify it, you must log all training sessions, follow at least 80% of the nutrition plan, track at least 80% of the calorie and food intake, communicate with the coach at least three times per week, and complete weekly check-ins and data tracking as requested. Failure to meet these requirements avoids the guarantee. Refund policy. No refund will be completed, issued after, for completed work or delivered services that meet satisfactory quality standard, right? Which is, by the way, the Australian, you'll hear people. People bring up the Australian  whatever the law is, but because there's a cooling-off period of like 48, but if you actually read what it says, it says there's no cooling-off period if work has been completed to a satisfactory degree, right?
Asha: People that spam chat GPT love that one.
Kyle Musca: Previous versions of time and conditions avoid. These are current active terms, so I added that once because someone got an old version somehow. Limited library, it's got all the stuff in there, right? So you can copy this and obviously just chuck it in the chat GPT and say reword it to all your branding and everything like that.
Asha: What I can do here is I can send you this and you can literally just copy Yeah, that'd be great.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can copy that URL straight into drop form and it will download this entire form.
Asha: can drop it in however you want. Now, this thing that you do here, the agreement, is this where you also have... Should I make this like where I have the details about what they eat for their meal plan and everything?
Kyle Musca: So just have them all in the one spot, yeah? Yeah.
Asha: Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the only reason I don't have that is because Macro collects it for me anyway. So I would add that all in one form because then when you, unless I've been logged out here, we'll see. Client agreement. And you can see here, like they fill it all out, they've, you know, silver, three months, sign, and then it's a downloadable PDF.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, cool. Now, coming back to, does that all make sense?
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Now, the second one is, and this is a. Important one that I would definitely do if you haven't done, is it's basically a video that shows you exactly how to set up the app, how to set up, for me, it's WhatsApp and everything like that. And basically just, if you find that people get confused about or get stuck at certain points or whatever the case may be, this video should cover everything. You know what mean?
Asha: So this, sorry, so there's the one for the emails and then I should do this one as well as like a full onboarding process.
Kyle Musca: Is that what you mean? Like once they're on the app? Yeah, like a generic.
Asha: Yeah, on Everfinger.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like a generic, this is a generic non-personalized one, obviously. So it basically just, again, runs them through exactly, you know, all the key details. So for me, for example, like on WhatsApp, if they don't add us back as contacts, then broadcast messages for the check-ins won't come through. So in this video, I specifically say, make sure you add us back as contacts. You know what mean? Yeah.
Asha: Just because, again, you want as much clarity as possible around how they can get started and making sure.
Kyle Musca: They get off to a strong start because that's where you'll get those messages and people trying to pull out as if there's a gap in knowledge, right? As if they don't know what's next or they don't know what they should be doing, anxiety will spike and they'll freak out and they'll just want to pull out. Like they'll go into a protective, defensive mode of not changing, right? So it's like we want to make sure that it's super clear. I don't know what is in Everfit, so I can't really give too much, for example. But in this, for example, it's like here's where you track all your food, here's how you access your meal plan, here's how you access your training program, log all your weights here, know, update your progress photos, here's the educational series. Like it just runs through exactly where everything is.
Asha: So it's essentially like a onboarding call but not personalized to them. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The third one, I didn't send the link because if you clicked it, it would join my WhatsApp team chat.
Asha: I don't know if you clicked it, but do you have a community? So this is another reason I need to see myself. my face? Why is this not working? another reason why I use Everfit is it has a community forum. So I used to use WhatsApp. I know I'm on it talking to like yourself and Ava most days, but I don't know. I think I prefer to have one less thing for my girls to do outside of the app. So it's like all in the one place. So they go on, they log their workouts, they track everything, and there's also the community in there. So I do have a little incentive at the moment to try and get the girls to be a little bit more active in there. But yeah, used to have WhatsApp. WhatsApp, unless it's business, I just don't do anything with it. So that's why I like having it in the app.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's fine. Does it, like, do many people message in it?
Asha: Yeah, occasionally, when I have a little incentive, like, I think I told you about this. I don't know what call the first or second call where you were asking about community and I'm like some like I used to have a couple clients that were so disciplined and would show up all the time and they kind of like hyped the group up for me when I wasn't in there and then those girls leave or like you know I never even used to kick them out. They'd just like obviously stop posting and then it would just be  crickets. So not a lot goes on there unless I'm like hey I'm gonna give you whoever shows up the most I'm gonna give them xyz you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah so to be honest if I was you I would and it's like you haven't really established a strong community chat at the moment I would probably not do it on your coaching app. Just because like people don't really see it as a message like usually a training app as a messaging platform you know what I mean.
Asha: So it's like they're just not gonna when they're chilling for example they're not gonna want to go on.
Kyle Musca: To the training app to start communicating and everything like that. Plus, I don't know how Everfit's communication thing is, but usually it's not fully geared to really fluent, easy messaging with videos and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Asha: Maybe it is. It's actually pretty good. I used to use, I don't know, I feel like having it there versus when I had it with WhatsApp, I'm getting a lot more people using it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I wouldn't use WhatsApp for you.
Asha: I would use, if I was you, would it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if I was you, I would use a Instagram group chat.
Asha: True. So, kind of like my, sorry, I keep cutting you off. I had a CBA diaries on there that I was trying to be consistent with and I got it up to like 600 people in a couple of months, maybe a month.
Kyle Musca: And then I never really did much with it. Like, I find it so hard to keep, it's probably a me issue. Like, I know what it is. Yeah.
Asha: But yeah, do think you're a private one with that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, this is just for your VIP girls. Just because Instagram, if you haven't established it, I would 100% do it on Instagram because that's where they're going to spend most of their time. And that's what they see probably as their primary messaging app. The other thing as well is it's going to be like we want to use a community to make them feel like they're a part of something a lot bigger than themselves. But then you can also start pushing sort of cultural norms, if that makes sense. So, for example, you know, if you get a bunch of girls or a couple of girls even, you know, starting to make real, starting to post their stories and stuff like that, you could share them to the group.
Asha: Like, look at this, Patty. You know what mean? Like, you start like, yeah, actually planting the seeds that this is just the norm.
Kyle Musca: These are just what the girls do inside the team, right? Be a part of it. Now, the reason I'm so big on the community is because when I first started, I like, no one's going to like, it's a bunch of dudes. They're not going to want to message and everything like that in the team chat. Now, it's like I can't even keep up with it because they just go so  hard in it.
Asha: Um, and you'll, I love that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like I'll check it in the afternoon and be like 180 missed messages.
Asha: And I'm like, I'm just not reading that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Um, but yeah, you'll find that like, um, you'll start finding your cult, cult members, you know what I mean? And once you've got your cult members, like that's all you'll need. They'll chat all day long. And like, I've got a guy in there at the moment. Um, and he, he, now he just posts every single story of him. Like doing different workouts and stuff. And he'll tag me in every single one. He'll start sharing my ads to his story and everything like that. Um, he started sharing like one of Bree's ads to his story the other day. Yeah. So it's like, you can really, they'll feel like they're a part of something much bigger themselves. It also takes a lot of load off you. If you do get chatty clients, because if you had a chatty client and you know, they kind of come to you, not necessarily for a friend, let's say, but you know, you just get a chatty client.
Asha: They just want to  yap all day. It's like a good group chat.
Kyle Musca: like a good group. Take the load off them. They'll go yap in that. And they won't come to you as much.
Asha: Yeah. Because they'll have more girls just like bounce  off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now what I would do, the thing with the group chat though, is like you have to be the one that gets the ball rolling with it and you have to be consistent with it. So what I would do there is like the way I did that was just every Monday, I myself did a Monday motivation message and I still do that to this day. Every Wednesday, one of my coaches will do a Wednesday win where they basically shout out a client and then every Friday, the other coach will do a Friday win of one of their clients, right? For you, I would do like Monday motivation, Wednesday win, and then, you know, Friday can be whatever you want until you get another coach.
Asha: Yeah. When do you think, so this is my next question is obviously I want to be busy. I want to have, I want to be making so much money. Like, otherwise I wouldn't be here. When does it get to the point of, like, I already feel like I'm, like, , how do I keep on top of all of this, you know? It's, like, when would be smart to look at hiring someone? Because at the moment, with, like, client calls, obviously doing lead calls, yeah, I'm just, I guess having things, I just don't want to get so, I'm not even making sense right now. For me, once it gets a little bit too messy with everything that I'm trying to achieve, I don't know if this is normal, I think it is, I get extremely overwhelmed and everything starts to drop off, and I don't really want that to happen. So, obviously, I feel like I can maintain a good, I've done it before where I had 70 girls on my own. Now, that was hectic while also trying to run a business. Thank Thank But I'm like, do I get to like the 50 mark, 60 mark, like where do I bring someone in so that I can still do the calls and still keep up the professionalism that I need and not kind of like run myself into the ground, even though I know, you know, there's no harm in doing that for a little bit, but I just don't want to like ruin what I'm trying to build.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How many clients do you have at the moment?
Asha: Like 35.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah.
Asha: So you've got around that, maybe even a little bit more. Cause some have paid up front, like, you know, before we started, I need to, I've been trying to sift through my clients and get rid of the girls who are inactive on Everfit. Cause sometimes I leave them on there for like an extra couple of months.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, , you haven't been here for weeks. Yeah. So that's, we'll get into that in a sec. So to answer your question, one. Is you can theoretically bring on a coach as long as you have a proven, consistent lead acquisition system. You know what mean? It's not necessarily about how full you are as a coach. It's more so that. So, for example, Emily, we brought out a coach within a month just because we saw that she was getting heaps of clients coming through the door. She wasn't necessarily. She was very quickly approaching that because of how many clients she was getting. But it's like once you see that, it's like, cool, we've got proof. Let's bring on a coach and we can start filling them up.
Asha: So, once you're busy enough and bringing in like six clients a week consistently or like more than that or something, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd say like five clients. Yeah, probably at least five clients a week.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because like you don't want to, you know, get a new coach on and then just dump 20, 30 clients on them.
Asha: You don't want to drip feed. Like I'll help you with the hiring process and everything like that once we get to it. But you want to like drip feed them so they can build up their skills.
Kyle Musca: And like. Competence and everything like that before you give them heaps of clients. But essentially, what that will look like for you is your number one thing is you need to increase your rates. So that's your main thing now. Like, you know, you're doing well on sales calls from your, like, the previous ones we've done. So that's, how'd your call with Tommy go, by the way?
Asha: Yeah, it was really good. And sorry, you just made me think that's what Ava was going to sit down and chat to you about. I know she's been having a lot of pain. She's like eight months pregnant. Seven, eight months pregnant. She's been having, like, something happen last night. So I briefly read her message, but, , I didn't retain any of it then. But that's what we were going be chatting to you about tonight. So maybe I can even get her to send a message or whatever in the group chat regarding the prices. But with Tommy, yeah, that was a really good call. Now I've just got to get some girls booking some  calls. Yeah. And the automating Ava is waiting on a few things from me. That's what I've said in my voice note. I've just been a bit, like, struggling to do basic , which is so bad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so with the price increase, like, Ava can definitely ask me anything she needs to know about that. But, like, literally the only thing you need to do there is just say a bigger figure on the call.
Asha: Yeah, exactly. And I'm confident enough on the calls to ask for it. I think it's also having everything set up in Newey so that it's just a smooth, streamlined process to when I'm like, yep, cool, this is it. Yep, I'll send you the link, sign up, perfect, amazing, and go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, um... Yeah, like raising prices is like scary, but like as soon as you make one sale and you prove, you know, you show yourself that you can do it, it's like, oh, it's fine.
Asha: Yeah, exactly. Amazing.
Kyle Musca: Again, Ava can ask me anything she needs to know about that, but yeah, I wouldn't overthink it or anything like that. It's just a matter of like, nothing has to change about your service at all for you to get on your next call. And instead of saying $1,000, it's $2,000, $2,000.
Asha: Yeah. Yeah. So that's your first step.
Kyle Musca: And the reason for that is because it means you won't have to work with as many clients to make the same, if not more. You know what mean? Like, let's say if you are charging $1,000 per client, you're working with, you know, 50 clients, let's say $100 a week, right? You're working with 50 clients, that's $5,000 a week, right? If you're charging $150, for example, you're working with 50 clients, but now you're making $7,500 a week.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So the thing about increasing your rates is to this degree, you probably won't even really experience it. It's many more no's at all, especially if you understand how to do the downsells properly because eventually you will get to your current prices anyway as a last resort. But even if you did theoretically hear more no's, that's okay because the yeses you'll get will pay you more.
Asha: There'll be better clients and you don't have to spend as much, one, resources when you build out an actual team, right, and two, time filling those clients.
Kyle Musca: So the other thing is, if you, you know, we go back to that $100 versus $150 a week scenario, the other thing is, you know, to earn $7,500, you'd have to work with 75 clients, right, which means that you're essentially working with 70, like, well, not essentially, you're saving all that time that you would have had to put into an extra 25 clients, if that makes sense. So not only do you earn more, you buy back your time a lot more.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's probably, that would be step number one because you can't really step into the world of ads. It doesn't make sense for to bring on a coach and everything like that because it will squeeze your profit margins too thin.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then once you increase your prices, the second thing there would be once you've got your cash flow, then it's like, okay, we can step into the world of ads. Once you've got this sort of everything, like you're confident with the whole process and everything like that. And then the ads should ideally rip for us. And you can grow really, really  quickly with ads if they're done right.
Asha: Yeah. And what would, tell me what the process would look like with like, obviously they come through and we book calls. we read, like how, how would that all work out? Would I just be like on calls all the time?
Kyle Musca: Like what's the process? So essentially your job is as the business owner, like right now you can't do it because you have to be in the fulfillment side of things. But your, my own focus as the business owner should be to get out of working in the business so much so you can spend more More time working on the business and focus on dollar-productive tasks that are going to, you know, grow the business essentially. And ideally where you want to sit is 80% working on the business, 20% working in the business as the actual owner. Now, what that essentially means is like sales and marketing, right?
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: For you, yeah, we'll get setters in, they book in the calls. Again, the coach will take the fulfillment. Your job will be filming content and sitting down and taking sales calls, right? Theoretically, you could get it to the point where, you know, if you've gotten really good lead flow and it's really dialed in, you could, you know, eventually get a setter on. And then, you know, the world's your oyster. You just have to film videos and everything and, you know, it becomes really nice and automated. But I do find that when you're primarily taking sales calls, someone's like you've got a coach to handle fulfillment. That is like peak. Like if you want to, if you want the best of both worlds where you've got a lot of time freedom, you've got like a lot of location freedom and you're earning. of fine. this, keeping, like... Like a lot of profit margins compared to the workload you're putting in. The ultimate sort of peak of that is having a coach on board that's at like 60, 70, 80 clients. And you just sort of posted that. Obviously, you can keep pushing and throwing it past that. But it's like you add more moving parts into the business and stuff. And you've got to have the entire system really dialed in because, you when you bring on a second coach, you obviously have to focus on filling them right up. And in that process, the other coaches, clients are going to go down. And then it's like you've always got to kind of almost been pushing because, you know, as one fills up, another one drops and vice versa.
Asha: What do you think of ghost coaches?
Kyle Musca: Is that a good idea? No, I don't like ghost coaches. I think it's a  idea. Just because, one, a lot of people are trying to pull back on a service.
Asha: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: It's like if I was paying someone $100 a week and they sent me like a text check in, I'd instantly say cancel my membership. Like, that's just I'm not paying $100 a week for that. that. Um. You don't build any sort of real relationship with any of – you can – hiring a coach is extremely affordable. So realistically, to start with, you're probably going to pay them on average like $20 per client per check-in. I'll show you how to sort of package that and everything like that to make it a really good deal for them. Once they're really, really experienced, you might pay them like $30 or $35. So it's like – So per check-in, yeah. And by – yeah. And by bringing on a – by bringing on a coach, like an actual coach, it allows you to add a lot more service to the business because, you know, you – especially while you start and, you know, get them up to scratch, you know. You sell as a two-coaching system. So it's like you might do a text check-in like, hey, girl, how are you doing? Just want to see how you're going this week. Something super simple like that. And then the coach does a midweek check-in and then an actual proper check-in as well. It's like two times a week. So they do a text check-in and then a proper, like, video or call check-in.
Asha: same time. That you see
Kyle Musca: Um, you've got that and you've got a community as well. It's like you're adding so many different touch points in a service, uh, to this. Whereas with a coach coach, it's just someone's replying for you. And then when you speak to someone, you don't even know what the  you're talking about because you didn't have the conversation.
Asha: Yeah, that's so true.
Kyle Musca: Like don't, a good business owner should always have a direct line of communication with their clients. You know what mean?
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for me, any, every single one of my clients can message me at any point in time. Most of them don't because they're, you know, coach handles the fulfillment and everything.
Asha: But if they do want to chat to me about anything, they can always contact me very easily. And how do you, obviously this can be something we can chat about when I'm at that point and busier, but when I'm the face of the business and I'm bringing people on to work with someone else, do you ever have clients being like, Oh, I thought I was working with you? Like how?
Kyle Musca: Nah. So you just sell as a two coaching system. So yeah, you'll be working with me as well as my head.
Asha: Coach, you know, Rachel. And the reason I do that is just to make sure that you're really well supported at all times.
Kyle Musca: Now, in all my time doing it, I've only ever had...
Asha: sorry. And she does all the... Would she do all the check-ins?
Kyle Musca: Would I do? Mike, kind of break it up? No. So I create a group chat. So it's a three-way group chat. And that's where I drop that message into it. So they can message me anytime they want. You'll find that once they build a relationship with the coach, they'll just message back and forth and, you know, you won't...
Asha: They won't message you that much. Yeah. Because they're getting that support anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then I've only... In my entire time doing it, I've only ever had one guy pull out because of that. And that guy was, like, legitimately retarded. Like, he... One of my head coaches, his name is Kyle, but it's spelled K-Y-A-L. And he was, like, confused about why they were spelled different. He thought they were the same person and everything like that. And I explained to him on the onboarding call exactly what it was. And I was just, like... then he went into the group chat, like, started to talk and . I replied to I him instantly when he messaged me, and he went into the group chat, started to talk  about something, and I just cancelled him straight away. was like, dude, I'm not working with you.
Asha: I literally said, not working with that level of incompetence. I've cancelled your membership.
Kyle Musca: He was probably a huge stoner or something, though. I probably wouldn't have done anything. Yeah, the guy was just stupid. I was like, I'm just not dealing with that. You can get the  out of here. But yeah, that was the only time I've ever had that happen to me.
Asha: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, no, it's pretty easy.
Asha: Because I guess if you do in the sales calls, yeah, just like you'll be working with me and Ava, for instance, or something, and we'll be coaching you through the whole experience, then I think it would be... Yeah, you just say real casually.
Kyle Musca: You'll be working with me and Ava, and the reason I do that is because just to make sure that you're really well taken care of at all times.
Asha: So if I'm a little bit caught up, she's going to get back to you sooner and vice versa. Yeah. Yeah, awesome.
Kyle Musca: Now, very quickly as well here. So with the CTA, I would definitely recommend probably trying to get a clearer, like, emoji. That's not too bad or anything like that. And then doing it.
Asha: What have I got? Oh, my little, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, little stars. And then trying to get them to pop more. So one, the emoji should stand out a little bit more. And then two, do the three-line version. I find that works really, really well. You know, the title, the, you know, bold promise, and then the CTA.
Asha: I'll just go to yours and just, like, make something up that's similar to yours, like the layout.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Asha: Is that the two things there?
Kyle Musca: Maybe this could be a prompt, maybe, I would assume. And it's just put it at the top of the captions, which is the first time it's ever done that for a laptop. I assume that's probably what happened.
Asha: Is that random? That looks messy.
Kyle Musca: Usually, it wouldn't look like that on phone. It never does that for laptop, but maybe they've changed something. Yeah, so for something like this, you know, want to become the happiest, healthiest. For something like you as well, like your branding and everything, obviously, you're going to know better than me. But I would probably say, like, you know, want to become the strongest, sexiest, happiest, strongest, sexiest, something like that. I like to play on repetition. Happiest, healthiest version of yourself, strongest, sexiest version of yourself, whatever. That might be the title. I'll help you lose 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks without starving or obsessing over angle, you know, whatever you say.
Asha: So usually that's – Yeah, I love that.
Kyle Musca: Usually what that is is it's goal without pain. I'll help you cut, you know, 10 kilos over 12 weeks or, in this case, end dream outcome. But I'll help you cut 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks without starving yourself or giving up.
Asha: your social life. Yeah, love.
Kyle Musca: If you're keen, go apply for coaching.
Asha: Can you message me that? Wait, let me write it. How do I do this? Wow, that is so close to my face. What would you say?
Kyle Musca: So it might be, I can quickly write it, one, two.
Asha: Yeah, probably easy for you to do that. Oh.
Kyle Musca: See, and this should really hook them, like, with the emojis and stuff and the title, it should hook them to want to read a little bit further on from that.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And the reason for that is, I was actually talking about this before. is. See how, like, that's a lot of wording and then you scroll down and then as soon as you see those emojis, might be a screen, a small one on your screen. Your eye is immediately attracted to what that is and it clearly stands out from the rest.
Asha: Yeah. True. So just adding a little bit more than just these little  sparkle things. I don't know why I use those, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: X, Y, Z, with our X, Y, Z.
Asha: The part about, what do you say, not restricting yourselves or something or cutting out the food you love or whatever you said.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the goal without pain. So whatever that is, your king, girl, white hawk, virgin.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, like very clear emojis of like them standing out. So, you know, you might do, you know, the white heart, for example.
Asha: I use the white heart a lot, but I don't.
Kyle Musca: I if that will stand out on the phones, hey, I'll have to choose, like, a peach in an hourglass or something would probably be better. Yeah, something that just stands out.
Asha: Like, that's why I use the big record.
Kyle Musca: Like, that will stand out.
Asha: Yeah. Also, remember that photo dump that you're, like, you need to put a call to action in this photo dump, the one of, like, my waist?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Asha: I had to archive that post today. It got 21,000 likes. It has bought in 70% male , I have gained nearly 5,000 followers from these men. But, yeah, it hit, like, over 500,000 people, probably even more, and I was just getting mail after mail after mail, and I'm like, thanks for the  follower boost, guys. But I was like, I actually can't stand it. The amount of messages I've got, I haven't even opened, but I was like, wow, I didn't want to archive this, but it's gone now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Asha: I'd like to call out the the message. message.
Kyle Musca: I can't remember the exact one, but with that, you might want to call out the messaging a little bit more, like in terms of like, make it very clear that it's for women from the very start.
Asha: Oh, no, no, no. I don't mean messages as in like coaching.
Kyle Musca: It's just like, hey, , like, you know, just  creeps. No, no, No one wants to work with me. On the actual post. I always like to start up with, you know, even just saying like for a video, for example, even saying like something like lads or girls or something like that, just so they know what applies to them. Or like if you're a dude in his 20s who's trying to X, Y, Z, you know what mean?
Asha: Yeah, if you're, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know, like, so always trying to like from the very start, call out who you want and exclude who you don't want, for example. So it's like if you're, if it's very clear you're talking to women, then guys aren't going to watch it, you know what mean?
Asha: Yeah, maybe I'll just do ladies if you're trying to lose weight, rah, rah, because I used to always like start TikToks and stuff with that and that worked really well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it calls out who that, you know, it calls out exactly who you're talking to.
Asha: And what the video is about, so they watch. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Do you do voiceovers really quickly as well? You do, hey?
Asha: Sometimes I do.
Kyle Musca: Two people. Yeah. I've got to run for Jessie's call.
Asha: He's fine. No, you're so fine.
Kyle Musca: Two people I would very much recommend for you specifically to go watch is Kiara. You know Kiara?
Asha: Yeah, she does great ones. I have done similar ones, like I've done, , if you scroll down, they're there somewhere, but I find them extremely time-consuming. They don't do that well, but I have done them.
Kyle Musca: I can do them.
Asha: Do you think I should?
Kyle Musca: And meet Madeline as well. We'll review them. Remind me we'll review them closer next week. Really break down their videos. Like, look at what they say. They use a lot of buzzwords and how many, like, cuts and edits and things that keep the eye really visually engaged.
Asha: They use a Especially at the start of the video. Yeah. Yeah, I go through phases where I'll do, like, two or three, and I'm like, , that just takes so long. Like, for me, I'm like, if it's something that adds an extra couple hours on, I'm like, no, and then I just, like, give up. But, yeah, we can have a look at it. Definitely.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. All right, well, yeah, let me know how you go with that. And, yeah, just keep pumping the CTAs on the stories, and then we'll look at that next week. Amazing. Thank you so much. Have a good night, and I'll talk to you soon. All right, chat soon. Bye. Bye.


>>> 115/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-05T07:15:29Z | id:127357323
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Allows me to do it. This meeting is being recorded. Okay. Like, does it let you...
jese Smith-shields: No, so even, um, I can even show you, really. I don't know. Um, yes.


>>> 116/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-06T03:57:09Z | id:127704223
People: Kyle Musca

Imogen Harris: Hello.
Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Am I recording? There we go.
Imogen Harris: How are you going? Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. How's this week be?
Imogen Harris: I feel like it's  flowing, to be honest. I don't really know how it's Friday, but we're not there. How are you? Are you so sick?
Kyle Musca: No, no. I've been coming good since, like, probably Wednesday, I would say. Definitely feeling a lot better than I was. Like, one of those ones where I didn't even realize I was sick until I came back.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, until you were crumbling down.
Kyle Musca: Good. Yeah. So, I can think clearly again now, which is good. I'll just log into the platform real quick when it sends me the code. But how has this week gone overall as a general overview?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, pretty good, to be honest. Like, there's been, like, a lot of conversations happening, which is really good. I had today. Maybe two organic people sign up for two weeks' time. They've just got to cancel with their coach, but they've still signed the link ready to go. So that's good. And then I had two calls, I think, through the ads, and they've clearly both of them. One didn't specify they were in uni. They said they were working full-time, and they weren't. And the other one is a new mum, and she didn't specify that she's also not working. So it was a bit of a waste of my time, but that's okay. And then the one that I was going to have this afternoon, she's rescheduled to Sunday, I think. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So this is, that's probably, like, more of a setting issue, to be honest. And we're going to review that in today's session. With that, if they're saying they're working, yeah, you'll get people like that.
Imogen Harris: They're just annoying. I looked back in their conversations, and they kind of bit around the bush, I think, with it. So it wasn't necessarily something that could have been prevented, but that's fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And you'll get, like, unfortunately, will get people like that, that just... Like  lie. then you ultimately get to the point. It's like, well, why, you know, it's obviously going to have to pay for something.
Imogen Harris: I made a story talking about it this morning. So I was just like, why, like almost basically saying, why book a call if you're not willing to invest in it? Like clearly you've booked a call for a reason. Anyway, it's fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, I've, I've literally been on calls where I've just been curious to see what they would invest. I've gotten down to like $20 a week and they're like, no, I still can't afford that.
Imogen Harris: It's like, what the  are you doing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Some people are just stupid, but, um, we're getting good leads and everything like that, like a good cost per lead, which I'll break down on this call and everything like that as well. Um, I'll break down to what I want to do with the setting process and, and who climate is and everything. Is there anything specific that you want to cover, um, on this call?
Imogen Harris: No, no, you take the lead.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, um, with the setter specifically, um, so Klame is who I've used for years. She's really, really good. She does a similar job to what they're currently doing, but Clemet will – so in essence, what I wanted to do with this new one was instead of outsource it essentially, then we basically insource it, which over the long run, theoretically, if they can get really good at it, then they know exactly what they need to do. There's no real fluctuations of someone just randomly jumping out of your account without you knowing because you're the person that they directly communicate with. And it should be a lot more affordable in the long run. So to break it down with Clemet, it's through me, it's six USD an hour. So it's effectively the same rate. And then it's just $25 per sale. So like if you actually get a sale, pay the commission. That basically – but then she manages everything for you. Like she'll – like we'll say like I want them in this time, for example. And then she will make sure that they're in those times. She will like – Make sure that they're actually, like, conversating and everything. She knows this standard that I want to keep. Yeah. So it's a lot more reliable and less moving paths, essentially. So for right now, with your ads performing well on paper and everything like that, it's like, let's just remove any instability, essentially, and just get that really nice and refined.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'll go continue figuring this out because it's something I do want to do. And then, like, once I'm really, really confident with it, then we can, like, revisit it. But let's just get, make sure that you're 100% sorted first.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. That's fine. So are they, is she under a different umbrella company than the ones that we're working with currently?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's, like, her own business and then she'll go source the closers for you. She'll, you know, again, this is why I don't, this is why I want to bring it in-house. Like, I've already mentioned to her, like, we need to make sure that they're 100% reliable, whoever you put in there. They need to be proven and everything like that. And then she'll also take it upon herself to actually, like, get in the account and do it herself. So, yeah. If need be. it's not like, for instance, now where...
Imogen Harris: People in the network constantly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So for instance, yeah, when Nadine had to take days off, for example, and then like, , like, that would have been nice to know before she took the day off.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas she would just jump in there and like handle it for you so you don't have to stress about it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. So the company that we're with now, I think that was like a two-week thing that they refund if we cancel. Is that what will happen then moving forward, then we'll just go with the new people?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it's easier on that front as well. There's no deposits or anything like that. You just pay for the week and you're good to go. And then at of the month she'll invoice you for any sales email.
Imogen Harris: Yep. Yeah. No, it's easy.
Kyle Musca: So I've sent her your number. I don't know if she's messaged you, but I'll send her... I'll send you your... I'll send you her number.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you can also contact her. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. And then we should have that sorted by Monday.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Any questions on any of that?
Imogen Harris: No, no, that's all good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, perfect. Now, in terms of, you did get good call volume this week. So you got seven calls over. How many organics did you get?
Imogen Harris: It was three organics in total and then four from the ads. So two rocked up and then that was the  that was going on with the financial situation. And then two have rescheduled. So one's now for Sunday and one's now for Monday.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so reschedule is not too bad. Did we, I can't really remember, brain was foggy, foggy . Did we talk about the, like the automations and the SMS and the pre-call we did last week?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have you been doing the manual pre-call messages and stuff?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just confirming and stuff like that. And that's where, like, haven't gotten stuck that they've rescheduled, like, last minute. Like, because I follow them up usually, like, 24 hours before the reschedules happen to them. So it hasn't  my own day or anything. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The biggest thing is, again, Clemente knows this. So what she'll do is essentially they'll send out the night before message and then you just check it for the day. And then they'll say, you know, can you confirm tomorrow? And then you'll check it. Send that. Are you sending the voice note?
Imogen Harris: Don't know if we spoke about the voice note.
Kyle Musca: So the voice note. So essentially they'll send that the setter should send the night before. Can you confirm that you're still good for tomorrow? Essentially, it's like a message. And then you'll check that in the morning to make sure that they've either confirmed or like followed, like follow them up to make sure that they do confirm, essentially. So you send a voice note, basically like, hey, Imogen, just checking my calendar or yeah. Hey, Imogen, just going through my day today. Can confirm we are good for 4 p.m. So if they've confirmed, then you say, I appreciate you confirming on your side as well. Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Right.
Kyle Musca: The message will be the same. The only part will change is this. If they haven't confirmed, then you'd be like, I noticed you were one of the only girls who hasn't. Confirm that they're still good for it today, right? So it's like you're the only one that hasn't. Don't be that. Can you please make sure you get back to me on that ASAP? block out that whole hour out for you.
Imogen Harris: So really mucks me around if someone just books a call and doesn't show. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: you say it directly.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then you go, I'm going to cover three things on this call. Number one, what your ultimate goals are in your fitness journey. Number two, what's preventing you from getting there. And then number three, we're going to map out a game plan step-by-step so you can achieve those goals. Make sure you bring a pen and a paper just to take some notes. I try and provide as much value as possible on these calls. So we're hyping up the value of the call. And if you do have any issues jumping on, feel free to shoot me a message here. More than happy to lend a hand. Did I cut out there? Did that come through?
Imogen Harris: I have no idea what just happened.
Kyle Musca: Oh.
Imogen Harris: Yes. Randomly, like, exited, and I was like, what the 's going on?
Kyle Musca: That was really weird. Did you miss on that? Did I cut out there?
Imogen Harris: No, you're all good. Literally, as you stopped, it just exited. So I think we're all good. Pen and paper is the last thing you said.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Make sure you bring a pen and paper. Yeah, make sure you bring a pen and paper. We're going to try and provide as much value as possible on these calls. And if you do have any issues jumping on, feel free to shoot me a message here. more than happy to lend a hand. Otherwise, super keen to see what we're going to come up with. I'll chat to very soon.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: I don't know why. Like, I don't know if that's me or you.
Imogen Harris: You didn't see me?
Kyle Musca: I can see you, but you're not moving. It's frozen. Can you hear me? I can hear you. Does yours say unstable internet connection or anything like that?
Imogen Harris: Does yours say unstable, but I don't know if it's me or if it's you.
Kyle Musca: It does say unstable on your side?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, but that's fine. You seem to be fine now.
Kyle Musca: Okay, I think that might be your internet then, but we'll see where we go. Any questions on any of that stuff at all?
Imogen Harris: Nah. No, that's easy days.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then have you got the automation set up based off the SMS and email for us?
Imogen Harris: No, I don't think we covered all of it.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So then how much does Calendly charge you at the moment per month? Have you got the free version?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I think the free version.
Kyle Musca: I don't think I pay anything. Okay. So, mean, the free version's sweet. Eventually, I would recommend moving over to GoHighLevel just because it's a very all-in-one system. That's like 99 USD a month, but then you can, like, connect numbers to it and you can send SMSs out from it. can send emails out from it. You can book everyone in through that calendar, et cetera. Set up automations and everything like that. It's a pretty cool system once you get into it. Something you necessarily need to run now. As long as you can send out workflows. You And sms's with the Calendly, let see.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I wouldn't even have a clue.
Kyle Musca: Just checking now.
Imogen Harris: I'm going to relocate to out here, because I feel like my incident is being an absolute fuckwit.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Imogen Harris: That should be a better reception now.
Kyle Musca: This is just struggling to think.
Imogen Harris: There's like an... Integrations and apps button, but I don't know if that's.
Kyle Musca: No, it has a built-in workflow thing.
Imogen Harris: You wouldn't have to connect a thing.
Kyle Musca: It's just taking  ages to load. I have an answer. Compart the pro feature and it's doing way too much. Seconds, getting there. Anyway, while that's doing that, I will get you the email and SMS automations anyway. Work to call SMS email automations. There we go. So this is essentially, oh, I'll show my screen. Yeah, yeah, I think it definitely looks better. Can you see that? Yeah, all good. Yeah, that's definitely a better connection. Cool. So this is, have we been over this?
Imogen Harris: No.
Kyle Musca: So essentially you'll set up a workflow. This is really  struggling. I'm just going to reload this.
Imogen Harris: I just won't do that much.
Kyle Musca: Go away, you . But essentially, so anything highlighted in yellow needs to be changed accordingly. Anything highlighted in blue needs to be coach-specific.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this is essentially once they book in, they should get an email. This is really important because on this email, it should have a button to essentially, you know, add it to their calendar, like RSVP, right? Yeah. It makes it much easier to keep track of. If we can get it in their calendar, a lot more likely that they will show up. And then same thing in SMS goes out saying, hey, just saw you, like. Hey, you know, again, change it accordingly. But just so you've booked a call, also looking forward to meeting you, also looking forward to having a chat. The join link is, so again, that is something that needs to be changed accordingly. The link to join the Zoom or Google Meet should be in EMS, but if you have any issues, just message Kyle on Instagram, and it'll be able to help drop you there. 24 hours before the call, so see you tomorrow with a little 24-hour SMS. And then a morning of the call, just an SMS send out, two hours before the call, SMS send out, and then 10 minutes before the call, SMS send out.
Imogen Harris: Okay, so are we able to do, should we be able to do all that through Calendly?
Kyle Musca: Is that what you're saying? Yes. So what the free version does, booking confirmation email, Calendly invites a basic booking link. So not with Calendly yet. Automated one. So
Imogen Harris: I don't really mind. But if it's the same as then, the go level almost, then it's...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. just trying to... Because... Okay, so if it's only 10... Paid plans, free version. Yeah, so I mean, it really just sort of depends if you're just going to use it for booking, and I'll probably just stick with Calendly for now.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The only... And you can download the CSV file in time and convert it over and everything like that. It's probably... So for example, I'll show you what go level actually looks like.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, because I, like, before we started, I, like, looked at doing kind of like a coursing. to get my head around and stuff. And the first thing that you said was go high level as well.
Kyle Musca: So I've heard it before, but I have no idea what it actually does. Yeah. So it's essentially just an all-in-one system. So it's your CRM. So you can collect everyone's data and contact information, everything like that, into this one system. From there, you can send out emails. You can send out automations. So it's like, let's say someone opts into, you know, lead magnet you run, for example, you could send them, you know, a five-day email sequence automatically just because they opted into that. You can set up pipelines and everything like that. A lot of the stuff you don't, like, you could use it for a lot of stuff, but, like, it's, you know, complicated and I wouldn't really over-complicate it, especially while you're still getting into it. So the biggest one is, like, especially if you have DM setters and everything like that in your account, you can connect Instagram and everything, SMS, all that stuff. You can connect your own phone numbers and everything. So you can connect, like, an Australian phone number. number. A U.S. number and everything. Not your number, like it will have its own number in the actual system. So that makes it easier to, you know, contact people, obviously. Then, you know, for example, like my ManyChat wasn't working, similar to yours, actually, your ManyChat wasn't pulling through conversations, like when they're actually coming through. So a workaround was they could just jump in to go high level and just message through here.
Imogen Harris: Right. So it's like another platform that they can access if they need to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Technically, I haven't done this, but I know people have set up essentially ManyChat in go high level.
Imogen Harris: You can do the same thing. Oh, true. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So I haven't done that, but you can do the same thing. From there, so you can conversate. These are all Instagram ones, for example, but if let's go. So you can also put calls into it, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So. For example, like this is your calendar, you can calls all through it, like so. Really good once you have closers and team members and everything like that as well, because in Calendly, you can't see other people's calls, even though they're your team members, it's kind of stupid. And then click on here, you can see this client's not only profile, but like you can see the conversation.
Imogen Harris: Oh, that's handy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, and then you can see now there's more options because we have more options. So SMS, WhatsApp, which I don't think I've connected, email, and Instagram. you have, this is also good for, again, setters in your account or even closes in your account, because, again, they can message directly through Instagram from here.
Imogen Harris: So it's not like they have access to your messages without having access to your actual account. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: From there, the automations are not necessarily easy to set up, but they're... you. Thank Pretty sort of basic automations for what we're going to use anyway. Definitely get a lot more complicated. But essentially, that email flow is basically this. So as soon as they book in a call, they get a confirmation email, they get a confirmation SMS, and then, you know, 24 hours, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So it just continues on.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then that's probably the main thing is you can actually build websites and everything out of it as well. Wow. I wouldn't really worry about that for you. And then you can do opportunities here as well. So essentially, so for what I have, for example, is anytime someone books in with my job form, they automatically come into this pipeline. But then if they were to manually book, right, then they automatically get transferred over to this pipeline without anyone having to touch it. So it just automates, again, automates those sort of tasks itself. Yeah. And then. Yeah. And then, yeah, and then, for example, if they don't book it in, then what my DM setters can come in and do and just come in here and start DM setting like normal.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Yeah. So you are able to connect, what am I trying to say? I didn't even know what I was going with that. Don't worry. I had something that I was going. No, that's all good. Yeah, okay. So you can just be able to manage everything through here and not have to worry about different, like, portals, I guess you'd say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like instead of having, you know, a software for emails and a software for booking and a software for landing pages, which I would do anyway if we eventually get into that for ClickFunnels, just because that's a different story, but it is. You can definitely do it on GoHell level, but the turnaround times are, like, longer and it's more expensive having to get people in to do it, whereas ClickFunnels is just drag and drop. a lot easier. But it's essentially just an all-in-one system. Like, you can do pretty much, I'm sure there's  heaps and heaps and heaps of other  that does that I don't even know of. Um, but yeah, like I could literally call him right now through this, through the actual system.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's like when I went to Canada, for example, I was, you know, calling, um, you know, uh, businesses and stuff that I needed through the go high level because I didn't have a U.S.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. So you can connect JotForm to this as well. So if someone connects, like fills out their JotForm, it connects to this and it already goes into like those categories.
Kyle Musca: Uh, so you can connect, like, that's just, you set up a Zapier. Do you know what Zapier is?
Imogen Harris: I, I've heard of it, but I have no idea either what that is.
Kyle Musca: So Zapier basically connects websites together. So it's like, you know, once someone does something here, it will do it, like it will connect it and do it here. So for example, I have, once someone fills out my JotForm, I have a Zap that basically then creates this here. You know what I mean? So once they fill it out, then the, it automatically creates that there.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Um, with all their details and everything. This is also good for like long-term here because you can see all your contacts and stuff like that as well. So this will just build as time goes on, you know, like I've got, you know, 16 and a half thousand, for example, it just accumulates over time.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then what you can do is you can build like lists out and everything like this. So for example, did at the end of last year, I reached out to all my expired clients because I had a CSV list and you can just easily tag them. So they're all in here and then I can just like click more and then I can send them a bulk email. can send them a bulk SMS, et cetera, et cetera. And then my setters can like continue conversating with them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. That's awesome. Might be just worth doing that to be honest.
Kyle Musca: It's a cool system. Like, you know, I mean, it's not that you necessarily need to use it, but again, it's only like. To be fair, when you do send SMSs out through here, it's like per text, it's like a fraction of a. 100% is cheap as, it can, like if you're messaging hundreds and hundreds of people, you know what I mean, it can definitely add up, but it's like, you know, if you're just sending out a couple automations from SMS reminders and stuff, it's, it's really  nothing. So it's like, it's like not that you necessarily do need it, but it is a cool system.
Imogen Harris: So, yeah, I'll look into it and I'll kind of, I'll suss the, suss it out a bit more and then kind of go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, cool. Now, I think that will, did you fill out your CEO dashboard?
Imogen Harris: I started, I tried to. Is this the breakdown of the chart, do you mean? I don't think I gave you access to it. I started it, but then I got overwhelmed, so I was like, , I don't know what to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's okay. Can you send that through to me and we'll fill it out now just so you're aware of it?
Imogen Harris: That should have, anyone would think. Don't know. you.
Kyle Musca: Do you have a community as well, by the way, like, with your girls?
Imogen Harris: Like a forum situation, do you mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. So that's just kind of where I communicate to all of them if it's, like, generic stuff they need to know or, like, we do team shoots and stuff like that sometimes and, like, community days and all that kind of . So that's kind of where all that.
Kyle Musca: Is it active?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. It's pretty good, to be honest. Like, they all communicate and they all post, like, photos of their  food and all that kind of stuff. So I don't really actually have to do a heap in it to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, perfect. We'll talk about this, probably not in this session because there's other stuff I want to cover. Yeah. But a community is a really good thing to have because it makes people feel like they're a part of something much bigger than them. And you can also, you can start, you know, implementing cultural norms as a community. So, for example, like something really, really powerful. Thank you. Do is really encourage a culture of posting and tagging you as a coach. know what I mean? Yeah. Because if you get, you know, like let's say you get 10 girls doing it, they only have 2,000 followers, you're tapping into a strong audience of 20,000 followers. It's not like a, you know, one girl who has 20,000 followers because a lot of those followers aren't going to be like super, like, you know, unless you have a cult audience, super engaged with that person. Yeah. Whereas like that 2,000 followers is going to be all her friends, all her family, all people that actually know and trust her. Yeah. So it's like if they see her getting really good results and constantly posting you, they can be like, oh, like who are you working with? Like I want to work with her as well. You know what mean? It clearly works.
Imogen Harris: Honestly, like my girls are actually really good. Like I've never really even asked them to tag me or anything, but I would argue I'd probably get at least 15 to 20 tags a day from different clients. And like post and tag posts, I just reshare them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Reshare it. I kind of want to get into it. It's a good, it's a really powerful thing to happen. Someone who does it really well is, do you know Nate Hoffman?
Imogen Harris: I know of him, but I don't, yeah, don't look at him too much, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't know him personally or anything like that, but like if you look at his page and stuff, he doesn't even really post content anymore because these girls are just constantly, like he just collaborates with them essentially. I mean, if you can get to the point where, you know, you encourage your girls to do that and you can collaborate with them, it's so much more powerful than a story because a story, you know, people get  all views on stories. But if it's like, you know, it's a feed, it stays there, it shows more of their following, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, good. So, here's where you can, so in the ads manager, you come in here and you just do last seven days.
Imogen Harris: Oh, sorry. I started with that and then I got after the first thing, I was like, I don't know what the  I'm looking for.
Kyle Musca: So, and with this as well, it will condense it.
Imogen Harris: So, we're in March for now. Oh, well, yeah, I just looked a big one.
Kyle Musca: So, that's good stuff. No, that's okay. So, and then you just pop that open, which it's not doing right now, which is cool. Oh. Oh, it's because I don't have access.
Imogen Harris: Can you please give me edit access? It should be to everyone. Why does it do that? Why is that? It's everyone with a link. So let me just resend you the link, maybe. If that helps. Yeah, it says you should be allowed in.
Kyle Musca: It might say everyone with a link can view. Does it say everyone with a link can edit?
Imogen Harris: Oh, yeah. It says you're able to edit on my end.
Kyle Musca: Hmm.
Imogen Harris: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, there we go. Cool.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, what we're doing here is, what day do we, so we'll go from the 4th, which will be essentially the 26th to the 3rd, we'll go, so the 26th to the 3rd, no, we'll be 26th, what day's our call? Friday. we'll do, we'll keep it on Thursdays, so we'll go Friday to Thursdays, what we'll do.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I think that's what I initially did this morning. I think that's where I got the 720 from.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we'll go 27th to the 5th. Yeah, cool. Okay. Now, that will give us this. So, we spent 720, yeah, perfect.
Imogen Harris: Let's start. Didn't  the first thing up.
Kyle Musca: That's good. Yeah, meta, so leads. So that's where you have to come into here and you have to actually create the thing. Yeah. So if you, do you remember us talking about that?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I just like, I didn't know which, there was a column, but I couldn't remember which one it was.
Kyle Musca: So it was just leads.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Because cost per result will be, and results will be there, but that's not what we want to track. We want to track leads. So you just click on, there'll be a custom one, and then you click on the pen, and then go leads.
Imogen Harris: And then you, it will say save as preset, and then I'll just click that. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Viewport, just let me know. And I'll, so that if we are, 16, then we just check ManyChat to make sure that that is, go contacts, filter, condition, tag, qualified leads, system field, subscribe. After the, what did we say? Thursday, 27th, yes. And then system field, subscribed before Thursday, yesterday. Then we have 15th, so pretty accurate. Might be one or two off, you know, as long as it's not crazy different.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, total ads booking, how many did you have from ads?
Imogen Harris: Three in total.
Kyle Musca: Three. 20%. That's not too bad. Especially, the setter should improve, definitely, as time goes on.
Imogen Harris: One, two, three, Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Calls taken, how many did you take?
Imogen Harris: Is this from the ads? Yeah. Two. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Two. So, 67. Now, if they reschedule, that will skew the data a bit, but that's okay, two. Two. And then, cost per call, and then zero sales, Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, there's that, cost per acquisition. We haven't acquired anyone.
Imogen Harris: So that's that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So otherwise that was looking good until like, obviously that was just time wastes. And then the less numbers we put through the system, obviously the more drastic these percentages will be.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, cause it's like, if we just change that to one, for example, it looks a lot worse.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So then if we come into, and then you could also, I would also recommend definitely filling out the organic side of things.
Imogen Harris: So how many organic pools did you have? True.
Kyle Musca: No, I should get rid of this. I don't. Okay. Yeah. It should be fine. So two organic bookings and then how many pools taken?
Imogen Harris: True. True.
Kyle Musca: And then closed?
Imogen Harris: True.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. And then cash collected on those pools?
Imogen Harris: So they weren't actually stopped paying their. Bing and True True. True. Two weeks' time, but it would be $500 per.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So no cash collected. What was the contract value?
Imogen Harris: $2,500.
Kyle Musca: Are you on the new pricing as well?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. So they both want to comp prep eventually. So that was the, they didn't give them any other option, but that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Is that for six months or three months?
Imogen Harris: Three.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. So that's pretty good.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then? Does that auto-calculate for us? Total ad bookings, three and two. Yep. Perfect. Calls taken four.
Imogen Harris: Yep. Perfect.
Kyle Musca: Calls show up rates decent. 50% sales rate. So that would have been looking very, you got time wasted.
Imogen Harris: isn't your fault, by the way. Yeah. And like, it's going to happen. People are  dumb. So it's fine.
Kyle Musca: Let's say, yeah, let's say you got one call there. Cost per acquisition. That's not doing that. That's why. Yeah. So N6 and N16. N16. Let's go, let's go M6 and M16. Yeah, perfect. So, yeah, zero. Yeah, cool. So, beautiful. We just need to, this is a, now this is really important as well because like there's three components to the ads. There's the marketing, which is fine. There's the setting and then there's the sales, right? Now, just because the sales numbers are the low one doesn't mean, like for, this is a good example, doesn't mean that it's a sales problem, for example. It could be a setting problem.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And so, it's also important to understand, I guess, the nuance there just so you're not sort of  gunslinging and, you know, blaming, you know, sales when it's a setting problem or vice versa.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, simple thing we need to do there is just go into here and tag and then go four or five leads and then that's fine. We'll read all of them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, so half of that was me, half of that was someone else. That was a bit hard.
Kyle Musca: It should, are they logged in? It should show there who it is.
Imogen Harris: That they were me, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So the end was me.
Imogen Harris: Okay. Yeah. So she, she ended up being one that said that she couldn't afford it. And then I came back to her and just said, like, we can do a weekly option if that works better for you. That was after the call. And then she just said, still out of budget.
Kyle Musca: And I was like, no worries. Yeah. Did you say that on the text here?
Imogen Harris: That was at the, yeah, the end.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you're going to try and do that, I would try and get them back on the phone.
Imogen Harris: It's very, very hard to source text.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, same concept. They'll go away and they'll think about it. And they'll just talk to yourself.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, again, you could say, oh, we'll do it for 40 bucks a week.
Imogen Harris: they'll be like, nah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you're all first to think so. March, was this all you?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so a good rule of thumb here is try and match their energy and message, you know what mean? Like if she's given you a lot here, which is great, and then you've given her a good amount back, which is great. If they give you something short, then you should give them, you you don't want be as short as possible, but like you don't want to give them big  juicy message if they've given you something short.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I feel like I can relatively flow fine in conversation in terms of what they give and what I like give back. So it's more, yeah, it's more just, I think, I think once on the sale, like I feel confident in now saying like the prices and stuff like that and not like hesitating on that end. I think it's just going to be one of those things once I get people that actually are wanting, like even like with the two organic ones today, like they had no hesitation on the price at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that's, that's something I would really encourage you to do in the DM setting side of things is like review this. It's, you know, I would definitely set. set. At least one, but probably multiple times a week where you sit down and review.
Imogen Harris: It's not going to take you that long to do it if you just power through it, like 10, 20 minutes.
Kyle Musca: But just to, one, conversations quality with the setters, but to see if there's any like constant, you know, issues that we need to qualify harder in the many chat flow. So, for example, Bree had a problem where she was just getting a ton of Indians coming through and Indians just, you know, waste time. Like, you know, nothing gets them, but they're just time wasters, right? They just  never want to pay for anything. They're just, you know, relatively cheap, right? So, we just added a cultural question into the many chat flow to try and, you know, I guess segment, you know, we want to prioritize people that are good quality leads. Again, you know, not being racist here, but Indians are constantly time wasters. Then it's like, let's just exclude them from who we want to actually, you know, qualify as a good quality lead. We'll still try and, you know, conversate with them because we're not going to say that, you know, just because you're Indian. There's no way you can be able to afford it. There are definitely Indians that, you know, we've all sold that they actually do, you know, go on the package and it's fine. It's just the ratios aren't worth doing. So it's a problem. Let's separate them from the rest and, you know, actually be able to see the data a little bit clearer.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I think I've noticed from conversations, there's been like a lot of, like, not postpartum, but a lot of like fresh mums out of like wanting to lose baby fat or whatever, which is all well and good. But then a lot of the time, they're still in the newborn phase, so they're not working. So, but yeah, it's because that's what I found with the girl the other day. She was just like, oh yeah, like I'm, I'm wanting to lose baby fat. then I was like, yeah, cool. But she's but I'm not working yet. Did she stay working full-time on the thing? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see, it's  stupid. Now the setter should know that.
Imogen Harris: So the setter should, we'll get to it, right?
Kyle Musca: Thank you so much, Jen, for sure. I work nine to a 4.30, so it can either be eight-ish or 4.30 or otherwise. Everyone, whatever works for you.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, so she gave me false hope in that one because when she said she worked 9 to 4.30 and then I got on the call with her she's like oh yeah like I'm kind of working at the moment but like it's not really stable and I was just like right okay so I think they like to say that they're well put together and then you get on the phone with them and then it's not okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so So to be fair you probably did the right thing here in terms of Did she say she's working in this message?
Imogen Harris: In the next one when she said I work from 9 to 4.30 So yeah, so for this Yeah, so for this because she hasn't said that she's working here Yeah I wouldn't offer the call just yet Yeah, you'll run into like issues like that Yeah Let them kind of answer things more before that Yeah Yeah You're
Kyle Musca: So she gave, like, if she said that she was working in this message, she gave you enough juice to sort of, you know, respond with that. Yeah. But I would just try and, you know, clarify a little bit here first.
Imogen Harris: So I can help you.
Kyle Musca: As soon as I'm confident I can help you. So there you might have asked, like, just out of curiosity, like, where are you based and what is it you do for work? You find it highly active, stressful, anything like that. Just, again, like, that's all you need. You don't need to ask the struggle question because it probably seems like she's already, yeah, she's, again, I assume. I haven't read this, but I assume she's probably given you all that. don't want to re-ask something if she's already given it to you. Yeah. now you want to qualify. She's actually currently working and then you can do it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But she did say, like, you would have run in the same issue because she said, I'm working from 9 to 4.30. So it's like, that's a bit of an outlet.
Imogen Harris: know it's going to happen. So, like, I'm not, I'm not naive to that. think there's going to be probably, at least probably 30 to 40% that it's going to end up being like that.
Kyle Musca: And that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. I mean, that's. For something like this, she said New South Wales. I wouldn't ask that. So we want to keep the friction as low as possible. For that, I would just say New South Wales to Queensland time in the side tab, just so you can cut that message out. Perfect. What is the best contact in the email? can invite you to call. Locked in. Should have got Zoom link. So, yes. That is, I'm not sure.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I ended up fixing that in the calendar. I don't know what had happened, but for some reason when this, like, the appointments were getting booked, it wasn't connecting to Zoom, but I figured it out and I fixed it after that whole situation. So, that's fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, really important here. Really important here. Very important to do the post-booking flow.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I said, all logged in. Awesome chatting to you. Yeah. Chat to you tomorrow.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you do that, it will feel a bit impersonal and your show-up rate will drop massively. Okay. Whether it be they feel it was impersonal, whether they feel they don't know how to get on the call, maybe they don't know that they need to download Zoom beforehand, you because they've never used it. Whatever the case, there's different reasons for it, but your show-up rate will drop. So it's like, that's why we follow the post-booking flow. Cool, you should have just got a confirmation email. Did that one come through? Yep. Fantastic. Fantastic. You know, I asked, you know, will you 100% be able to make that time? But like, you don't have to ask that. Like, fantastic. You know, the call is going to be on Zoom. Please, can you please just make sure that you've downloaded the Zoom workplace app beforehand?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It is in the script.
Imogen Harris: You've got the script. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I would just try and follow that. Super important post-booking flow.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Seems small, but it makes a huge difference.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. Continue on. Yeah, there you go. can see it's just me now.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. That's cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, now, FatWayline's cool. So you seem to be getting mums, which is annoying.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I've never really gotten mums before. Like, I've got a few, but, like, it's never been, like, the niche that I've kind of gone towards.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mums are, young mums are annoying, so we'll keep an eye on that.
Imogen Harris: Now, you're also going for the kill a bit too quick here as well. Yeah, yeah, I can definitely see. Yeah, you haven't built rapport.
Kyle Musca: You need to, you know.
Imogen Harris: Actually create more conversation first.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so really, really important with the, because, and for setters as well, if you notice this, not Just I've Um, very important that they don't skip steps in the script. Every, unless it, you know, it's a step where it basically says don't ask it unless you absolutely do.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I think I need to go back to that more just so I don't shoot the gun too quickly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you will scare them off if you haven't built that, yeah, essentially a report. Or you'll get a lot of time wasters because you're booking people on calls, but they're not qualified.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: 2018, March 6th. So what's that, 6pm? The setter should have been in the account then.
Imogen Harris: Well, that's where I think I messaged saying like, hey, just checking you actually in tonight because I saw that and then no one had replied. So that's why I just took the initiative to respond.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you see that. That I would get back to these girls then, and then also make sure that there's our own account.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that's what happened last night.
Kyle Musca: Working full-time.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. This one's bad. She was just kept going, sorry, was it work? Sorry with this. Sorry with this. And I was like, oh, for 's sake.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think it's probably a reoccurring issue. We're just going for the church.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, couldn't agree more.
Kyle Musca: It's amazing. Working full time. Beautiful. Yep. Beautiful.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I'm absolutely jumping the gun way too quickly. But at least I can see that. So that's good.
Kyle Musca: March 6th, March. So for that, because she said Monday, if she says something like that, just give her two time options.
Imogen Harris: Cool, I could do 4 p.m.
Kyle Musca: or 5.30 p.m., which would work better.
Imogen Harris: yep.
Kyle Musca: From 12. Man, I would try and, like, obviously this was a setup, but I would try and confirm a time before the call, because if you start asking for contact details again, can scare them off. Yeah. Yeah. We kind of want to take that baby step of, cool, we've got a call locked in. Now I just need to obviously actually lock it in.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, break that last message up as well.
Kyle Musca: I mean, the conversations themselves, like the girls are replying.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, it's not like it's been like stale conversations by any means.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So March 6th, 4 p.m., March 6th, what? Oh, 4 a.m.? Oh, a day later. Okay. Oh, that's my time as well. So we've been like 5, 6 a.m. Yeah, that's fine. Yeah, cool. So for something like that, the follow-up, again, this is you, this should be the setter's job. But the follow-up should be, you know, again, I do 1 hour, 3 hour, 12 hour, 24 hours. But, like, realistically, you should do, like, within sort of three hours just because this was in the morning. So, yeah, she would have gone to work and everything like that. And then, you know, afterwards, I'm sure you're probably the same. I'm the same. If I see a message and then I'm like, I'll reply to it later, like, I'm not replying to it later. You know what mean? So it's like it just bumps it up so they're, like, reminded about them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. I get what you mean about breaking it up so it doesn't look so generic.
Kyle Musca: Also, especially on Instagram, this would, like, it doesn't look as big on this.
Imogen Harris: But, like, when you're on the actual phone, I assume it's a great message. Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But you can see how, yeah, she seems like, I mean, she could be at work for all we know as well.
Imogen Harris: But, again, when you just seem like, send it like this, it just seems a bit impersonal. Yeah. Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: And then also, if you say, I'm going to spend some time going over what we spoke about, but we didn't really speak about that .
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then also what I would get in the habit of doing is like, just in general, but like, when, especially when you're asking a question, so something like this, break it into two text blocks. So, because what can happen is people will skim past this and then like not really read that and they might miss the question.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. So it's like, we want the question or whatever we're trying to do to move the conversation really stand out.
Imogen Harris: So it's like, we'd send that and then send this as its own individual text. Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So we've already been over that. 28. March 3rd.
Imogen Harris: mean, the setters haven't, I haven't seen much messages. was like, how the  are you charging me $500 when I feel like I've been doing it all?
Kyle Musca: Back Bye
Imogen Harris: Like, I haven't really seen them do a whole lot of leading, but then, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we'll just rip them out completely.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, in terms of the actual wording, obviously you're doing the wording and tonality, but the tone, that's coming across great and really, obviously, authentic. Be really careful about that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I  up bad there.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yeah, for you, all the setters.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yep.
Kyle Musca: Like, these are fantastic.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, honestly, like, it's not like it's been hard to gauge a conversation with people. Like, they've been quite willing to open up, which is, like, a good thing. So even if it doesn't progress, at least I know there's people willing, more eyes to the page, that kind of thing as well. So then if I just keep posting the content that I have been as well, like. aah, like to sure. Yeah, think the rest were just.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean, we're getting decent calls, like, we're getting calls booked.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, oh, yeah, no, honestly, like, it was, as I even said to Caitlin when I spoke to her about it yesterday, I was like, it's been consistent conversations happening, which that's all I can really expect to begin with anyway. Like, it will continue to grow from that anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think, yeah, everything else is fine. I would just say, yeah, make sure to follow. Again, it's  teats when you're doing it, so.
Imogen Harris: Nah, it'll be like that, just breaking up, though. It'll make a massive difference, so that's an easy fix, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty much it. And it's really only like you're only adding two more messages in because it's like I have changed this around a little bit. So, for example, just to make that first message more personalized instead of saying I also changed that as well, but that's not the biggest issue. So instead of saying like awesome to see you reach out, can tell me a bit more about what you're struggling with in your fitness journey so far. It's more so like, you know, hey, just had a chance to review your answers and losing weight while struggling with nutrition or struggling with nutrition while trying to lose weight is something I see all the time. So I personally know it's not a problem. Yeah. And then, yeah, do you have a specific goal weight or focus in mind with your health and fitness? And then, yeah, I'd love to get down to, you know, 65 kilos. Awesome. It's definitely doable with the right system. What do you feel like sort of preventing you from, you know, reaching that 65 kilos at the moment? Okay, fantastic. And where are you based and what do do for work, by the way? Is that super stressful or highly active? I'm a, you know, teacher. Okay, awesome. Well, you know, love to jump on a call and then you just go into it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, just keep, there's a couple little body parts in the middle before the call part.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's the only issue, like that's an easy, easy fix. Yeah, yeah, happy days.
Imogen Harris: That's happy days.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Um, cool. All right. Well, yeah, we'll get, um, for May sorted by Monday. Yeah.
Imogen Harris: that sounds great.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, I mean, the conversation's good.
Imogen Harris: The leads quality seems to be good. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: so yeah, we just need to make some sales and we are off to the races.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. No, that's easy. I think now I'll really focus on those conversations and stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: And I think that will make it a little bit easier as well. Yeah. Once you have good, reliable status in there as well.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. This week's kind of been a little bit  chaotic, to be honest. So yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You shouldn't have to micromanage that. It's like, again, that's a really one simple job, but like, yeah, you just want them to be able to understand what they need to do, do it to a high degree, and you just sit down, take calls, close calls.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, because at the end of the day, like, even if she's getting or like getting $25 for each sale, at there'd be  sales coming in. But like the conversations haven't been there to create sales to begin with. So it's, yeah, it'll be a lot easier once that's consistent.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, like, you know, 20, if you sell it to a to two and a half grand package, and it's like 25, 1% on the sale.
Imogen Harris: it's, yeah, yeah, all right.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's all looking good. If we can just, yeah, fix that, we should be, again, good to go.
Imogen Harris: Yes. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. No, honestly, it's, um, it's good to see how much is coming in, like in terms of conversation and stuff. So even that's like a positive sign. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I just want to like focus all our energy on making sure that, um, we're like converting as, as high as possible on these. on these ads. then we can look at some of the backend systems. The reality is once we get this up and running properly, it should be a nice automated system where, you know, again, there shouldn't be as many kinks or anything like that in the, in the, in the funnel.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Imogen Harris: Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. All right. Well, I'll get all that sold for you. And yeah, if you have any questions, just let me know.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Easy. Awesome. Thank you very much there.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Imogen Harris: Cheers. There you go.


>>> 117/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-06T04:48:46Z | id:127707278
People: Kyle Musca

Michael: Yeah, no major issues on my end.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, how are you going with the presentation and everything?
Michael: Yeah, good. So I ended up sending that one through to the chat, essentially after I sent it through to you. And yeah, I think this week I'm just going to try and make them a bit shorter and just like break them down a bit more. Because yeah, like when I did do that one, I wasn't too sure if like it was supposed to be like long. Do you know what mean? Like, and so I kind of just like,  it, I'll just do it. But I think, yeah, this week I might break it down a bit more, make it a bit more probably training related as well.
Kyle Musca: So I can push or like give it away on the stories too. Yeah, I think that'd be an awesome one. I could just, as I've said from the start, I could see you really enjoying this and being really good at these once you get into them. So I would really, you know, sort of spend the time while you've got, as I've said, while you've got the time to get really good at them. Because if you can, man, you will separate yourself massively moving into the future. You know, it takes time to obviously establish yourself as the authority. The way you do that is by publicly, you know, showcasing your knowledge on the matter. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, one, it's going to help your service a lot better. But like, if you can, you know, constantly drip feed these, you know, little pieces of, you know, really good information to your audience, then it's like you will start to become seen as the authority in that subject, right? Now, dude, looking at your form, four calls for sales, that's  huge.
Michael: Yeah, it was a pretty, pretty good week in that sense.
Kyle Musca: Where, run me through that, man. Like, that's a, you know, big increase.
Michael: What's, wherever they come from, what's caused that? Um, so, these ones. Two of them were people that I've, like, just been chatting to. Um, they're, like, I'm pretty, I'm, like, kind of mates with them. him.-bye. Eat. And then it's just kind of been like a bit of a process and we've always kind of spoken about it a little bit. And then this week had a call with both of them and then they both signed. One of them's this other girl that I like sort of know, sort of don't, but she just like watches my videos and stuff. And so then she inquired through the form and then off the form we had a chat yesterday actually and then she signed. And then the last one was actually someone that I coached back when I was with Sage. So he finished up with Sage maybe like two, three months ago and he's been watching my stuff. then, yeah, he inquired as well and wanted to hop back on.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So nice, man. And, okay. It's more consistently, more recorded, sent presentations, chat, my launch group chat, chat. That's something I would definitely do now that you've, you know, sent that through to the chat. It is, you know, maybe with mom. I would constantly run like an internal challenge to your team that essentially, I mean, you can have them for different things for you, of course, but it'll help with adherence. So something like if you're trying to really push this culture of like posting and sharing and tagging and everything like that, I would really, you know, do maybe a challenge of whoever posts the most sort of content for you, give them two weeks of free coaching.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, you might do a different type of challenge every single month, you know what mean? Because it's like two weeks of free coaching. mean, you know, ideally it's like 200 bucks or something like that to you. Whereas, you know, if you can  get your entire team to start basically posting you like there's no tomorrow, you should get some good traction off that.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would say the biggest thing you'd want to do with the affiliate stuff, man, is you want to shift them into trying to create reels for you. Oh, oh, Posts for you. That's going to be your bread and butter. Stories are great, but stories have a lot less engagement in terms of views, and they disappear in 24 hours. Whereas if you can get someone to post a reel and tag you, it's like there forever. You know what mean? And it should push them out to not only a lot more of their followers, but potentially even some non-followers as well.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so great stuff there. I would, sorry, on that as well, are you planning to break down that presentation into smaller videos, or are you going to go into the more educational stuff first?
Michael: I reckon I will eventually, but I reckon I might this week do some more like training-related things first. And then that way, at least I can kind of push that out on the stories too. And then I'll come back, like I'll come back to the social.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Cause there's so much you could do with it. think the lead, the lead magnets would definitely do, you know, well for you. Cause you could literally just upload like a little bit of a snapshot of, you know, you talking about it and be like, I just filmed, you know, this video on, again, I would probably get into the habit of breaking them down into smaller segments and like, cause essentially it'd be the same total duration in terms of filming roughly, but it would just be easier for you to not only drip feed it to people, but it would be easier for people to consume as well. So instead of having like one, you a masterclass is really great for if you're trying to convert someone in, in one go. Um, but if you're trying to just like, you know, start a little bit, so a good lead magnet essentially will solve a very specific problem of a much larger problem. You know what I mean? So for example, um, maybe it's, let's say, uh, let's say you do a video on calorie banking, right? That's a small. Segment of a much larger, you know, group of things when it comes to a total calorie deficit.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And ideally, with lead magnets, all we're trying to do is we're trying to sift through hand raises, right? So it's like if someone, you know, watches your video on, let's just say weight loss because it's a nice, easy sort of topic to talk about. But if someone watches your video on, let's say, calorie banking and how to lose weight while enjoying social events, we know that that person is trying to lose weight. You know what mean? You know, they might not necessarily be looking for a coach, but the conversation is there and they may be tentatively open to it and they might not even really thought about it. Maybe they just didn't even know it was a real option. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But these will also work fantastically, hopefully, like, once we can get into the area of, like, running ads and everything like that as well. Because, again. Same concept, but just on a much larger scale. You know what I mean? We just want to find hand raises. Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if you're going to do that, depends on how long the videos go for, but I would definitely try and pump out like maybe three to five a week.
Michael: What, like roughly what length do you reckon they should go for?
Kyle Musca: It depends like how niche you want to make the topic. Like if it's really, really niche, it could be like two to five minutes. If it's like a bit of a general, like for example, my ones go for about 10 to 15 minutes in my video series. And they're sort of covering literally what I did is I was like, go find the top 10 most asked questions that people ask around nutrition. And then I just broke a topic down for every single one of those.
Michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So I'll show you just so you have, if you can actually visualize it. And then what you could do here as well, man, is like when you upload them, you can upload them wherever you want, but it wouldn't be bad to upload them into like, I mean, you could do a public YouTube if you wanted to, but you can always upload them into an unlisted one as well, so only people with the link can see them.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I mean, like, I mean, you might as almost well make it, you might as well make it public, to be honest, because, know, again, growing a YouTube in a long-form format content, it just doesn't happen overnight, you know what mean? So as you get better at making the presentations and doing them, you know, ideally your audience would also follow, and that could morph into you being, again, more of an authority who does pure educational stuff on longer-form content. If you can crack that code, man, you will be  prime, you know what I mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, how to build a training split that fits your goals and requirements. I mean, how to, you'll say, notice I do always how-to, that's why I call it my how-to series, right? Because it's like, you want to ask the question of people that would actually search, how do I do X, Y, Z?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How to choose the right number sets and reps for growth. How to actually apply progressively, progressive overload. How to stop training just to sweat and training with intent. I mean, like, it's probably not the best title now reviewing it, but how to manage fatigue and recovery properly between sessions. How to warm up properly for performance and joint health. How to, you know, make sure form is actually safe and effective. Yeah. These are also really great, I mean, there's so many different uses for these. Like, if I had more time, I'd love to actually do more of them. But there's so many use cases for this. Because I was talking to a dude, you know, the other day about, I think he said he had an event or something coming up. And, like, I explained briefly to him, but I was like, man, just go watch this video.
Michael: I've already filmed it. Broke it down.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, so it will also save you time for clients because you don't have to , you know, in-depth repeat yourself a million times.
Michael: can just send them the video. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does it make sense?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Was a bit easier, a messier this week with some calls, but still went great. Not too much at moment, 8 out of 10. Again, this shouldn't be hard just to prioritize filming out in a week. Second presentation of group chat. Have you done any, like, voiceovers recently?
Michael: I've scripted them and everything. I just need to get the clips for them this or when I go in and train next.
Kyle Musca: Did you script them through ChatGPT?
Michael: No, I wrote them out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. I think a skill that, it definitely helps when you, you know, start copywriting first and then you'll build up the skill of, obviously, just copywriting. One thing thing thing that... that... I think will be so  powerful to have, especially as AI evolves, is just being able to talk authentically off the top of your head.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You what mean? Even from like, it's a double-edged sword because it's like doing the scripting, you know, helps sharpen the skill so you can do it better off the top of your head. So it's like, I would probably keep doing that as, again, there's a curve of quality versus quantity though. It's like, if you're doing all this scripting, but then, you know, you try and get the quality really high, but therefore quality just doesn't  go anywhere. You know what mean? It's like, you're not being able to put out the action, sorry, the quantity doesn't go anywhere. Then, you know, you haven't put anything out and it's completely useless. You know mean? Or, you know, you put out one a week, for example, but that's not enough to really build traction and authority. You know what mean? So it's like, you want to find that fine line of where quality meets quantity, something that you can produce, you know, very, very consistently, but it's also engaging.
Michael: So you're not just shitposting, fact. Makes sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So, yeah. Yeah. And honestly, for voiceovers and stuff like that, man, like girls seem to do it better. I mean, there's definitely guys that do it well, but like I've been, you know, looking at this with some other clients and everything like that. And this would be working fantastically for you because it's like, it'll be so completely different if you do it, but you just sort of take the same concept. I mean, so it's like. No one told me that my dream arms were actually hidden in training shoulders because I avoided weight training my shoulders for probably four years. I thought it was going to make me look bulky, but actually made my waist look smaller. And now I have like these Pilates arms that I'm obsessed with. Now, one thing I want you to really pick apart with, you know, these girls doing these voiceovers, right, is that they're really good at not using technology. Babble, and they're really good at saying things really simply and using the buzzwords that, you know, normies essentially would  thrive on. Yeah. Whether they do that intentionally or unintentionally, I'm not sure. But, you know, it clearly, clearly works. You know what mean? All from actually just training shoulders. So let's go over it. This is all the workout details are going to be on the screen. But I started with the shoulder press and then this little subset look with the side raise. Something like this, I think, would go hard for you because, again, it gets people to save them. Save the video and everything like that.
Michael: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? And on the cable, be surprised if you can do more than the first pin. If you can't, just grab a dumbbell instead. But I actually love doing a lot of plate supersets because it changes up the grip from doing dumbbells. So I did like a little front raise of these like truck driver things. Oh, bye. They're so painful but so good. It gives you that Pilates burn. But you're getting that structure that you do from the gym. I'm obsessed with this one. Okay, but why did no one... It's also relatively short.
Michael: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Not like a super long video.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know? So, and then again, you could break it down. Like, so why did no one tell me like this? So for you, you've got like large, like huge quads. So it's like, you know, it took me five years of training to realize that everything I was doing for quads was completely wrong.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Here's my full quad broke down. And then again, great to use your physique and your own social proof and transformation as a photo here. So here's the exact work, Dad, that took my quads from this to this in just, you know, two or three years or whatever you slap on.
Michael: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Now, she didn't do it really great there. It still definitely worked there. Someone who's really, really good at, and these do take, I mean, they probably take a while to get used to. But then once you've got them, they're probably  pretty, not too crazy. But something like Kiara. So she also does really good voiceovers. And you'll notice with her. Her videos, they're very, very fast-paced, especially at the start with all the  that pops up on screen. Took me five years to figure this out, but I'm going to teach it to you in less than 60 seconds. This is the  that finally got my body to. See how much stuff was just on screen, know, pops up, changes, you know what mean? And again, break down that hook, you know what mean? Took me five years to realize that I was training quads completely wrong.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Here's the exact workout that accelerated my quad growth. From this to this, you know what mean?
Michael: Something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And have the pop-up on screen, everything like that.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: To respond, it took me from soft to feeling lean and toned. See, again, those buzzwords, soft from feeling lean to toned. Now, the other thing I'd really get into the habit of doing here as well, as you'll notice with a lot of these girls, is that they do the, and it's basically, you know, as long as marketing has been a thing, it's It's achieve goal without struggle, right? So from soft to lean and tone without hating my life and spending hours in the gym. You know what I mean? Yeah. Now, you can do achieve goal and dream outcome. So it's like, you know, from help me go to lean and toned. So for me, if I was going to say, it's like, you know, here's the exact meal plan that helped me drop 10 kilos and, you know, achieve my dream physique. I mean, even then, you can always slap a  without pain point, without starving myself or  XYZ.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That don't make sense.
Michael: Yeah, no, it actually does.
Kyle Musca: I've literally found everything. Perfect. So, yeah. Because I think right now. And coming to here, these reactions definitely have traction for you as well. Are you getting many followers of this?
Michael: Yeah, I actually do. So off this one, the one I did of the  like Asian uncle deadlifting where he looked like his best snap his back. And then the one I did of this guy deadlifting with like one arm, like they all bring in followers just like throughout the day, every day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So they're bringing in followers, which is perfect. Now, one thing is don't be conservative with this CTA, man. You know, sick of spinning your wheels and want to plan that simple follow effective as  or apply for coaching. You know, and like I found that breaking it down into that three-layered section that I do works the best for sure. know, title, again, title, we want to, we want to gauge their curiosity.
Michael: You what mean?
Kyle Musca: Because if this isn't engaging, then they're not going to read the rest, right? Want to become the best version of yourself. Now, obviously, I applied that to this video where it's like maybe in another life and then it obviously shows the transformation, for example, right? So want to become the best version of yourself is applicable to that video, right? I hope you cut 10 kilos in the next 12 weeks and become literally unrecognizable. And you can go apply for coaching. So title, big, bold statement, big, bold statement, right? We don't want to be conservative. We want to be really tangible with the exact result that they can expect to achieve.
Michael: You know what Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, want to become an absolute monster. I hope you stack on five to eight kilos of lean muscle over the next 90 days without dirty bulking or blowing out. If you're keen, go apply for coaching. That, to me, is highly relevant to me if I want Stack on muscle. But sick of spinning your wheels and want to play on the simple and follow effective spark, it's very vague, you know what mean? It applies to everyone, which means it applies to no one.
Michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm going to do more early in the week. Did you tell Elite that you can only work for certain days?
Michael: Yeah. So I dropped some days as well. And then from like two weeks time, like I won't be on Sundays either. So I'll just have like more like time, especially at the start of the week, as in like, if the week started on Friday, say today, like the first part of the week, I'll have more time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would do, when would you say your start of the week actually is like?
Michael: Well, like in my head, I always start the week on Monday, but like for this, it's like, like I see it as like Friday to Friday.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So do you take, like, what would you, your off days be like, your low days, your, you know, essentially recovery days?
Michael: Um, Sunday, Wednesday, and then sometimes, Thursdays, sometimes.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Michael: But like Wednesday has to be like, be like, cleanest day as in like, there's just, I have like nothing on, Wednesday.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, I mean, obviously, you know, people function differently. So it a hundred percent comes down to you. So for me, for example, I know that like, you know, I can get away with working hard because when I work, I work flat out. You know what mean? Like I don't have distractions. I don't  really stop. But if I do that, you know, seven days a week. I just rub myself to the ground and I , same as training, right? So for me, it's like I'll work maybe a half a day Saturday and then I won't look at anything Sunday. Sunday is my just off day. I'm not  replying to you. I don't care what the issue is. I'll wait till Monday, right? But the reason I do that is because then Monday, Tuesday are my creative content days and then I don't have to like really film anything for the rest of the  week, right? So I find, again, everyone's differently, but it's specifically for me. Coming into, you know, make, I would structure your creative days around the days that you have when you can come into it fresh and revitalized, essentially.
Michael: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? Because realistically, if you're feeling like , you can do check-ins. can , you know what mean? Like ideally, you don't feel like , but worst comes to worst. You can still  drag yourself through the mud and you can get the work done. You can't do that with creative tasks. You know what I mean? If you feel like , you're pissed off, you're a... Terrible mood, and you try and film content, one, you're going to absolutely hate it, but two, it's going to come out . You know what mean? You're just going to be wasting time at that point.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, so it's like, I would very much encourage to come in fresh and in a good mood, fully recovered.
Michael: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I know I've got to program my story AI, but I haven't really been using it as much because it gives, yeah, so this new ChatGPT update, I don't know if you've got the 5.2 one, but it  sucks, man.
Michael: I hate it. I'm probably going to look at switching AIs, to be honest, it's that bad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just awful, especially with creative writing. Do you have the 5.2 model?
Michael: Let me check. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it is horrendous with creative writing or anything creative. So, again, this is why I think just being able to, you know, come up with  off the top. Thank Thank Your head is definitely going to be the way to go. I would follow more of a framework. I think frameworks are way better than actually getting ChatChimp or any AI to actually write you something. You know what mean? Because once you master the framework, you can put it into your own words without any AI influence.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what And then, so a frame, you know, obviously we know what a framework is, but like it needs to be a rinse and repeatable framework. So, for example, even for something as simple as the CTAs, it's a rinse and repeatable framework.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that's why I'm so big on like not changing the framework because the framework works. It's not necessarily, it is the wording that is used in the framework, but the wording is more impactful because it's framed in a certain way.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so I would probably, if you're going to do it and you're going to refine this AI, I would break it down into having different frameworks to use. So like a one-story framework, a two-story framework, three-story framework, and then you can have. You know, multiple. So for example, it might be, you know, a story framework across three different slides, where another one might be a social proof framework across three different slides, if that makes sense. You know what mean? So it's like, first is like pain off the top of my head. First story is pain. Second story is social proof and solution. Third story is, you know, action, for example.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: To be fair, you could probably follow these frameworks. I mean, I haven't  done this before, but it's a similar, it's a similar framework. Like these are the scripts for, I use the ad scripts for direct response copy. It's probably a pretty, and you could even use them for content to, in a way, to be fair. But, you know, if you're going to do a, you do it across one or multiple different stories, let's say it's three different stories. This is problem, agitation, solution, action, right? So problem agitation might be, as I just said on one story. I mean, like if you're a dude in his, you know, late 20s or 30s and, you know, it always has to have a hook as well. So like the title, right? If you're a dude in his 20s, if you're a dude in his 30s who works 40 plus hours a week and you're ashamed at how far you've let yourself go, this is for you. All right, so that's the hook problem. You know, I get it. You're trying to build a lot, you know, I get it. You're trying to build the foundations to set yourself up for the rest of your life. But because of that, when you look in the mirror, you're ashamed at, again, this is off the top of my head, but because of that, you know, that's the problem. And then agitation would be because of that. You know what mean? Yeah, yeah. Because of that, you sacrificed your own health. And you avoid looking yourself in the mirror because it's easier just to put it to the back of your mind. You know mean? And then you might want to, it's always good to add some social proof in there. So you might want to pair that with the solution. That's exactly what my client Jack did before he came to me. Luckily, he understood that if he was going to have a busy life, then he needed professional help to structure things. Again, this is probably getting a bit wordy for a graphic, but structure things so he didn't have to think about anything. 12 weeks later, 12 kilos of fat gone, and he's more focused on his work than he's ever been. You know mean? And then, you know, action. So if you're sick of constantly making excuses and just brushing it under the rug until it becomes an actual problem, you know, go apply for coaching and let's have a chat. Something like that. Yeah. was a very rough draft off the top of my head, but you can see even by following that framework, it helps you just sort of word it a little bit better.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So what I might do there is I might even send you that and then play around with it and then apply that to that.
Michael: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Now, these, on that as well, man, again, this is not something I have necessarily done because I do it off the top of my head, but you could also do that for your voiceovers as well. You know what I mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, so this is not a script framework I use heaps, but like, let's use it so we're in the same boat. You know, truth. Again, even coming back to that thing, you know, I wish someone told me five years ago that everything I was doing for quads was absolutely wrong. I'd go in and then. Story. As a young meathead, I'd go in there, desperate, grow some absolute wheels. And I thought the best way to go about that was hitting 10 sets of 10 reps on the heaviest barbell backs what I could possibly do. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Well, after two weeks of doing that and a herniated disc, I quickly realized that that wasn't the way to go about it.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Luckily, I got a coach and he told me I was an absolute retard. We restructured things. So I was only doing, you know, two sets at maximal load, you know, while  X, Y, Z, you know. And it was almost like my quads grew absolutely, like, exponentially overnight. You know what mean? And if you want more, you know, if you want more, if you want more advice, you don't make the same mistakes I did, drop me a...
Michael: Follow. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. Does that all make sense? Because I feel like that will just make you do it a lot easier.
Michael: Yeah, it definitely does.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. And just in general for you moving forward, I'm very big on like, because I've done all the copywriting, I've done all this other  through the years. I think, especially with, as I mentioned before, AI going the direction it's going in, I think if you can master getting AI to help you with frameworks, and then you speaking off those frameworks, off the top of your head, in your own authentic way, that itself will separate you so much more from people being lazy. And as time goes on, because people are lazy, that skill will die out. Like, I'm looking for copywriters now to help me with direct ad scripts, and literally every single copywriter. But that has applied because I told them to, you know, write me a summary and everything like that. I can tell they've all used AI to do it. I'm not hiring a  copywriter if I can tell you've used AI to do it, you know what I mean?
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: So, like, I couldn't stress that enough. I think that's one of the biggest things, like, things that no one speaks about because they don't want to speak about it, right? Usually people suck at copywriting in general. And, you know, it's just easier to be lazy and use AI. But it's like, give it a year. I mean, AI is so  rapidly. Give it six months. And, you know, you even see, like, you're scrolling ads. Sorry, you're scrolling Instagram and you'll see one ad pop up. And then you'll see an ad, like, , you know, next ad pop up. And it's basically the exact same  thing because ChatGPT and AI will spit out the exact same  thing.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So, and I think you'll be really good at that, again. And that will intertwine with coming into that authority space of, you know, being able to actually speak. There you go. Off your actual knowledge, rather than just  reciting what ChatGPT has spat out at you.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that?
Michael: Nah, man, that's all pretty clear.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I reckon try and get that muscle building series done, because as soon as you have one video done, even, chuck it up in your story. Like, just film, you know, you could even do, like, a screen recording of it and put that up in your actual story where you're, you know, I guess a highlighted part of it, so people can actually see what it is and be like, I just filmed this, you know, how to calorie bank  video, whatever you call it. If you want it for free, tap this sticker and I'll send it through.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you send it through and then you can start conversating with all those people in the back end.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Bye. Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, no, it does.
Kyle Musca: Do you have many chat at all?
Michael: Nah, I think we spoke about it a bit a while ago, and then you were kind of like, oh, like, I don't think it'd be, like, unmanageable, like, if people were to tap on things or message or anything, like, it wouldn't be an influx so big where it's, like, not manageable by myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, it helps automate, but, like, they can stingy as  with it, so I just don't think it's worth the price.
Michael: Yeah, I remember you said that there was, like, a free one I could look at, but otherwise you said that as of the moment, it's kind of, like, you reckon it'd be sweet, like, I could probably just manually do it.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah, I mean, you could look at the free one. If all you'd really need to do there is, like, you know, if you do film a voiceover or something like that, then all you'd say is, like, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That would work more better with an actual voiceover where you're talking about something rather than something like this.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you talk about how to build big quads, let's say you film a 10-minute video on how to progressively overload, let's say. I mean, if you want my full breakdown on how to maximize muscle growth, comment the word hypertrophy and I'll send it through.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, just something super simple like that just to try and get a little bit more engagement out of it, of the video, and to obviously start those conversations. But if they require you to pay anything for it, then I wouldn't do that. You can just manually do it.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Will work. Other than that, man, things are, I mean, going well. You've got a good influx of leads. Are you still keeping up with the referrals?
Michael: Yeah. So this week coming is like the second, so every two weeks. Are you doing the client roadmap once they sign up? Like with the thing that you sent me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Michael: Yeah, I actually used it on some of my calls this week as well just to kind of break it down for them. But I think I actually might go through and potentially do it for everyone this week just so I can refer back to it as well or like show them on the check-ins too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would absolutely start doing that. Because you do a Loom video, hey?
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would say do like start making sure you do that for absolutely every single client when they sign up. Because then at week three, get on the call and try and ideally probably that's where you ask for a referral more than anything. But you can ask for upsell. You can ask for extensions and potentially even upsell, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, if you've got the opportunity. But I think that... be a great time to ask for a referral because, you know, they've seen that they, you know, that you obviously are a good coach and everything like that, but hopefully they're on an emotional high after seeing some results. So it's like we, and you can, you just use, you just say that these calls are essentially a client satisfaction call, right? I just want to touch base with you. So it seems like to them, they're getting a lot better service out of you because you're offering them a free call to essentially catch up. But in that call, you're basically like, man, you're absolutely killing it. You know, it makes it so much easier once you've got someone to, you know, that you know, to help you keep accountable. Who else do you know that, you know, is kind of on a similar journey to yourself that may potentially be keen on getting some coaching? Yeah. You just ask them directly to their face. So they actually have to think about it. Again, it's the who question, not do you know?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then all you just say is like, okay, awesome. Well, how about you go have a chat with them and just to see, you know, sort of see if they are potentially keen. And if they are, yeah, just all you need to do is just maybe send me that number or something. I can just sort of reach out and have a chat. And look, if they sign up, just as a way to say thank you, or I'll send you $200, again, just to say thank you.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Again, the referrals come from a personalized approach. So, you know, you better ask them directly on a call than just a Loom video because they'll forget or they won't really take it on board. But if you ask them directly, it will sort of slap them in the face a little bit more. And then again, on like eight weeks and everything like that, I mean, have these intervals where you are jumping on the phone with them, have a client satisfaction call. It will help with retention as well because it will help you build a little bit more of an actual relationship with them. Yeah. And especially resells and everything like that. And then it will also help you with resells because it's not like you're just like either one asking them out of the blue. Or two, you know, if you... You should ideally try and resell people on the phone. Anytime you're going to talk about any sort of sales thing, again, whether it be referrals, extensions, even a new client, for example, should always try and get them on the phone to do it. So it's like if you haven't really spoken to them for 12 weeks and then signed up for 12 weeks and you get on the call like, hey, do you want to go for another 12 weeks? They're going to be like, well, you only called me to essentially try and sell me on another 12 weeks. But if you've done it at week three, week eight, and then, again, you might even want to do it at week eight for the resell if they've only signed up for 12 weeks. But at least you've already, you know, done it a few times beforehand so they're not, you know, sus on you for doing it just then.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I would, with the resells, because you only do, you do weeklies, hey, you don't really do a paid in fulls as much.
Michael: Yeah, they're all, everyone at the moment's, oh, except like one person, they're all on monthlies.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's fine. Like, if they're, in that case, like, it wouldn't even mean. I would just sort of chat with them, client satisfaction them. Again, potentially even ask for another referral by them. Then they would have forgotten about the last one. And then, you know, just don't even talk about the resale. And, you know, they, again, should be more inclined just to continue on because you've added that extra level. It's essentially a bonus. You know what mean? You're throwing in a free call. You're adding something on just because you want to make sure that they're, you know, super happy and people will appreciate that.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Sweet. Is there anything that you want to sort of review? Any content, any internal side of things with the team coaching?
Michael: Honestly, like not at the moment. I think I have quite a bit to do first before you have a look at anything. But yeah, like this week was pretty good. I just think there were just, yeah, certain things that I probably forgot about or just didn't do. I think I wrote that in the check-in as well. Every time we talk about like new things, like I'll try to do that and then I'll end up  forgetting about what I was already doing as opposed to having it as an add-on, which I think, yeah, probably the biggest thing for me this week is just to keep everything else up like while I add these like other things that we spoke about today. But yeah, other than that, bro, everything makes a lot of sense, especially with the voiceovers as well. With like the girls, like I'll definitely go suss their pages and kind of like almost to a degree, like rip off that. But yeah, everything makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. The other thing is, have you done any carousals since we last spoke?
Michael: I have not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so try and get them into them as well.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then the other thing, have you got like an onboarding video or anything like that or an onboarding message you send to clients?
Michael: Yeah, I have a video. That runs through, like, how to go from the initial email that you get sent from Kahunas all the way on to, like, getting onto the app and, like, where everything is. So that's, like, pre-recorded onboarding video that I send to just everyone that signs up.
Kyle Musca: And do you get them to sign, like, an actual contract, not through Newey?
Michael: No. I think we spoke about this maybe last week. I don't get them to do that.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So this is my onboarding message. we ran through this before?
Michael: I'm not too sure.
Kyle Musca: So this is my onboarding message. So yours would obviously be different because I had them to a group with a coach. But essentially, like, here's the next steps. This is what I need to get done. This is the accountability form, which is essentially the contract. Right. Do, in Kahunas, do they fill out a form and then you manually enter their details to build their meal plan?
Michael: Or do they, does it get autocalculated or anything like that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so they do their initial questionnaire form and then I just manually build out everything. But it doesn't take me like that long. Like training-wise, there's like realistically only a few set splits that I've already kind of pre-drafted and then there's just slight alterations to that with like exercise order, potentially slight substitutions and everything. But that whole process doesn't take me too long.
Kyle Musca: Does that form need to be in Kahunas?
Michael: Not like, not necessarily, but it's just like when it's there, it appears like under their profile. So I can like refer back to it and it has like all their stats and everything like high weight, like their starting photos as well from like day one essentially. So that's all kind of like underneath their profile.
Kyle Musca: Can you upload a form that does the same thing?
Michael: Like upload a form in Kahunas?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Michael: I don't think so. I think it's like you either use like the app. You can like change the questions in the form and everything.
Kyle Musca: Could you manually, if it's just height, age, and all that basic stuff, could you manually enter that yourself, Philip?
Michael: Yeah, potentially.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So the only reason I'm like on that is it's not a problem for you now, but it's just good to get into the habit of, is like essentially you could basically do an onboarding form. I do a client agreement form because my app's the same where it collects all the data through the actual app itself. So I don't need to ask for height and age and weight and everything here, but like the less forms you have, the better. Essentially, like what you might want to do is just collect that basic information and then you could like just, you know, manually input when you go to create their account. Or you could have it separate like mine and just have an accountability form exactly like mine. It's completely up to you at the end of the day. The reason we're doing this, man, is this is all just a Trojan horse, essentially, right? Like, do want to get them goals down and all that  on paper, so they reinforce the, I guess, mindset and behavior that they've committed to this program. But it's essentially, this is why we do this, right? We get them to say they're on XYZ package for six months, they manually sign it, and then they submit that form. Then there's the contract attached, so they're signing the contract at the same time. So they're they're confirmed, they're reading, agreed to terms and conditions.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You mean? So it's like, if you do get any cunty clients, you know, you can say, well, you signed a contract, and I'm going to sign . And I'm like, well, you did sign, and you sent it the PDF, and you signed it. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So there's that, for one. It's not the big, I mean, you haven't really had that, like, that issue at all. So it's not the biggest issue at all. But again, it's good to get into the habit of it, because as you grow your business. habit habit And you have more people, you will run into issues more. The second one is just the video, which you already have. So you basically add that video there. This video should explain anything that any client has ever, you know, been confused about in terms of the onboarding process. It should just make it be extremely clear, you know, where to find , how often to, you know, track , how to contact you, whatever you want to include in that video, right? Which sounds like you've already got. And then this third one is a link that will go and join the team chat straight away. So, and then what I do when I call them is I basically say, you know, go, go introduce yourself, you know, where you're from, you know, your goals, basic stuff like that. Break the ice and get used to conversating in there. Because if someone does a message to the group chat, like pretty early on into their journey, the odds are they're just not going to. You know what I mean? Because then it gets to a point where it's like that two, three, four, five weeks in, maybe they do want to talk in the chat, but it just feels awkward because they haven't said anything before. You know what mean? This sort of reinforces that, you know, it's a norm that we talk into this chat and, you know, to be a part of this community, you know, you should be chatting into this community, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'll send you that just so you can sort of, I'll send it without the link because if you click on that, the way I should take you to it. Just so you can sort of review, but I would send some version of this to your clients once they sign up so they understand.
Michael: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Sweet, man. Otherwise, yeah, four clients in a week, man, that's  pretty good.
Michael: Yeah, not too bad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would definitely use that with what we spoke about today with the roadmap and everything like that. And then in three weeks' time, man, jump on a call with
Michael: And try and get a referral. Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Super, man. Cool. Anything else you want to touch on at all, man?
Michael: Nah, not at the moment, bro. I'm pretty sweet at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. I would love to see some voiceovers and I'd love to see some carousals next week on your feed as well, man.
Michael: Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome, man. All right, well, you enjoy the rest of the day. Again, if you need me for anything, let me know. I would also love to see at least some of the sort of muscle-gaining series filmed as well.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome, man. All right, I will chat to you very soon. Easy as, bro. Thank you. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 118/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-06T05:54:33Z | id:127710221
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: We're here, so. This meeting is being recorded. Break it down, okay. So how many calls did have in the last week?
Bre Colley: Like four. One. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. I had eight calls. I've only taken two were no shows and I still have two to go.
Kyle Musca: And I signed one. One out of four, so far taken.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, yeah, as I said, I turned off your ads. There is actually, he's uploading a new campaign. We're going to refresh the campaign, all the targeting and everything like that. Because obviously if gets hooked on Indians and that ad campaign can be a bit corrupt and try and find more people like that.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if he's actually got anything up in this just yet.
Bre Colley: I got an email, so he may have. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You Yeah. Okay. So these are up. I think these are your new ones, yeah?
Bre Colley: Yeah. I also watched the ones back from Mehdi. It just sounded like the voice when it was sped up just sounded a little bit like echoey or tinny or whatever. So yeah, I think it's fine that those are up.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Cool. So those are new ones. Fantastic. I did ask to get the graphics up.
Bre Colley: He should get them up. yeah.
Kyle Musca: But okay. So technically your ads are on then. It'll take time to learn everything, but that's fine. Now coming to your mini chat, seems to be overall decent. Are these new?
Bre Colley: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. In terms of like you're getting a lot of Indians, Asians, but we can separate those. We're now only tagging these people.
Bre Colley: So that by doing the like Indian unqualified, that tells. It's like, Facebook, like, stop  giving me these people, essentially.
Kyle Musca: Should do. Ideally, that's where the Leeds campaign would come into play, but you won't be able to run a Leeds campaign. What I would... What? So the Leeds campaign would optimize off that because that sends the data to go actually back into Leeds, and that's a really powerful thing I want to figure out, but it's annoying because in new accounts, it won't let me do the normal messaging template. So right now, you know, the messaging template is this, for example, but it doesn't let you do that. It kind of, it's stupid to have done it, but it kind of, it's kind of like combining, it's, they're trying to do a form through messaging templates. So it kind of is what ManyChat does, but they aren't. Own ManyChat. So I don't understand why they wouldn't just let you use ManyChat for it. And essentially the only way to go around that is to create a leads campaign and then let enough traffic essentially go through it. To then, and then it will eventually give you the ability to use that messaging campaign.
Bre Colley: So let's ask Claude because that's a bit more  reliable than ChatGPT. Well, I actually do like Claude.
Kyle Musca: I'm, in, in, on a issue. Thank you. Yeah, well, let's do that. Okay. So that's overall good. We'll be able to separate that a little bit clearer. Have you, did you film your masterclass?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did it come up good?
Bre Colley: Yeah, I was pretty proud of it.
Kyle Musca: Okay. We can run that as an ad.
Bre Colley: That's a good idea because I had like a CTA at the end of like, not direct. was like, if you do want support with this, DM me the word roadmap. And then that triggers a many chat for them to get qualified.
Kyle Musca: So you're trying to get them from Instagram to lead magnet back to Instagram, which you could do, but essentially what you'd want to do is. What did you create the – what's the platform you're using to host the video?
Bre Colley: Just Loom.
Kyle Musca: Oh. That's fine.
Bre Colley: You've got to change your lighting, babes.
Kyle Musca: It's the first day here.
Bre Colley: I'm just settling in. It's not too bad. no, but it's dark. It's fine. I'm just to stop.
Kyle Musca: No, no, you're distracting me, all right? Okay. So basically what Meg did, for example, is this. It gets really good volume, but I'm trying to figure out how to increase conversions, and I'm seeing some – gosh, I – let me break this whole  thing down, all right? So, no, that's not what we wanted. Engagement, Meg. What the  is this thing doing? In there, it's cutting out. Yeah, so this is the graphics. So essentially what she did is she just went and came in and created a ton of graphics, kind of how we do the normal ones. But she obviously made them towards the lead bag, right? And then adding like little photos so people can actually see what it is. Does that make sense? So lead magnets are really quick and easy to turn around. I wouldn't say. They film any videos or anything like that. And then she also did some where it was just like that. Yeah. So what I'm going to do really quickly before I  rip someone's head off.
Bre Colley: Have you eaten?
Kyle Musca: No, I'm going to quickly, in two seconds, order this. So quick. Cool. Done. Yeah. That should be off. But that's fine. Yes. I'll scratch off. That. Why the  would you do that, you dickhead? Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh, ,  off. There we go. Alright, so this is her best performing one at the moment.
Bre Colley: Wait, where'd you go? Oh yeah.
Kyle Musca: So essentially probably I would put together maybe four, three or four of those and maybe eight of these.
Bre Colley: Eight, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we're just different versions. Same as how you're usually doing. Okay. Just so we can quickly look at some other ones that have done well for her. her good game, but um, the I think they're all just somewhere. How long does the masterclass go for?
Bre Colley: Like 32 minutes.
Kyle Musca: What you should really do there. It'd be really good to collect it. Like they work really well because they're great at collecting contact information over time.
Bre Colley: Right. So maybe put in like a high level or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. There's different ways you could do it. Ideally, like what, you know, we have all your other videos and everything like that.
Bre Colley: It's either Google Drive or in my like website, my portal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, portal. Can you have a two-step page that's like.
Bre Colley: They fill out just name, email, phone, and then I don't know if, let me ask Claude, I don't know if Canva, because my website's on Canva, because I can't make a normal website, sign in, unavailable.
Kyle Musca: Suss that out. So essentially what you'll have to do there is two different pages. One is a qualified page and one's an unqualified page. When it's a qualified page, it should be an opt-in, so name, email, phone, and then once they do that, they get access to the video. So the unqualified, we just send them straight to the video page. We don't want their contact information.
Bre Colley: Right. But like, what's the step before that?
Kyle Musca: It'll be ManyChat Flow. So we are getting, oh, because of the ads, and then they'll go through the ManyChat Flow. Yeah. So this is Cal's, for example, right?
Bre Colley: And I can put this straight into your account.
Kyle Musca: And then what I did recently, I changed it yesterday, it actually seems to be pulling it up. I haven't seen a response from it. Yeah. Yeah, but similar thing, you know, I have a couple of different options for you, just so I can send you the one for you, what are you interested in, cool, this is my client that I helped do that, what do you feel like you're struggling with, cool, and so I can tailor things to your schedule, you know, what best describes you working full-time. Great, from there, they're a qualified lead, here's the, here's the, the, the resource, you know what mean?
Bre Colley: Right.
Kyle Musca: Also, while you're here, are you potentially looking at getting a coach to help you get the best results possible? You know what mean? You can see, he's only, I only did this yesterday, he's had six people through it, but two of those people said, yeah, potentially.
Bre Colley: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, we get a lot, we're getting hand raises here, so what I can do with this, share, come to another page. Oh, you can.
Bre Colley: Oh, wait, no, you can't. Canva has a native form element, third-party options, oh no, and can be exported. Yeah, I'll have to look into that.
Kyle Musca: You know what you could do? It's just use a job form and then reroute it.
Bre Colley: Right, okay.
Kyle Musca: Do you know how to do that?
Bre Colley: No.
Kyle Musca: Pretty simple, right? Because I do it with my, oh, you fat .
Bre Colley: Okay, so.
Kyle Musca: You watching?
Bre Colley: I don't know, wait. Don't do it.
Kyle Musca: Watching? Watching, watching, watching, watching, watching, Cool. So when you come into the form, right, this is the first step of the form and then once they click that, if they're qualified, they go to my booking page so you can redirect them. So you come into here and go conditions. So settings, conditions. form do do do your, you can do you you can can it you And then it'll basically be the same form, to be honest.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you'll say the condition is if current work situation is equal to working full-time, then it's redirected to this link and that would be your link for the thing. If it's anything else, well, you wouldn't need anything else.
Bre Colley: Yeah, because it takes everyone to the link.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you wouldn't even need working full-time. No, you wouldn't even need to set up any conditions because the only people that would be filling out that form is the ManyChat people. So, for example, if they said they're working full-time, then it's like that link would just be to the job form, which would just be name, email, phone.
Bre Colley: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then once they enter that, they get redirected to the page.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then for the non-qualified people, they just get access to the page straight away.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Easy. Yeah. And with that data, what would I be doing? Reaching out to them?
Kyle Musca: You'd just collect it over time.
Bre Colley: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, you know, if your business gets to the point where we want to do email marketing and everything like that, you can. Yeah. Or, for example, you know, we can do pretty simple . Like if , you know, let's say we run a challenge, then we'd need to tag all these people. So do you have Joseph's number, the guy that, go high-level automation guy?
Bre Colley: I think so.
Kyle Musca: So it'd be very simple for him to do. Just be like, hey, anyone fills this out. Can you just create a pipeline and just put them or tag them at least to say a qualified lead? And then in future, you know. We might run a challenge, and it basically sends, you know, we can send emails and SMSs out and all that  , right? Yeah.
Bre Colley: There you go, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Meta adds, that rep was wrong. There's no spend threshold to unlock the leads objective. Generally, it doesn't support any chat templates right now. There's no document away. The correct solution, not a workaround. But engagement is going to be as well. There's no document away. Thank you. Oh my gosh, you fat ,  load. We should tell James who got better internet.
Bre Colley: Yeah, actually, they're both on calls.
Kyle Musca: So, this is very, very, very, very, very, very interesting, if we can... Why are you so  annoying?
Bre Colley: Babes, if you have a call at one, you should order food right now.
Kyle Musca: I've already got food.
Bre Colley: Oh.
Kyle Musca: I don't have a call on this.
Bre Colley: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I might tell you that's a little slight tangent, but cool. Does that make sense?
Bre Colley: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Now, the other thing I want to review with you is your videos. Can you send me the frame.io?
Bre Colley: For the new ones?
Kyle Musca: Yep. Oh, I should actually delete that. Sweet dreams of millions of I don't know, I disagree. Go. that's very very interesting um did i fix that Yes, I did. Cool. So basically what I was saying yesterday, but we'll actually review this so I can give you one feedback and two to see if we can turn them down. So first thing I'd always look at is 40 seconds.
Bre Colley: Great. Those ones are the fast ones, though.
Kyle Musca: That's okay. You're doing everything right, but you can't see how it sounds like . That's way too fast. That's more than 1.2. Seems to see results. You uploaded. Do you have the originals? No more ones? Yeah. They inflamed and the scale weight just won't drop. This is actually a lot more common than you think, and a lot of my girls have struggled good before. It wasn't the fact that they weren't putting in the work or showing up for themselves. It's usually because a generic plan will only work for so long until you plateau. That's why I design everything around your body, your lifestyle, and your-
Bre Colley: Preferences. Because let's be real, if you hate the food, the training sucks, it feels uncomfortable, and it doesn't fit your lifestyle. It's just too full on, man. I sent you the link for the other one.
Kyle Musca: The originals?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'm in it. Okay, not too bad. If you want to lose 10 to 15 kilos, but you're worried the next plan you try won't work out for you because you've done so many in the past, only to regain the weight a few months later. See, that took nine seconds. If you want to lose 10 to 15 kilos, but you're worried the next plan you try. So again, as I said at the start, always say like ladies, or if you're a woman in her 20s and you want to lose 10 to 15 kilos over the next three months, you know what mean? Get tangible. Big, bold outcomes. Why should someone continue watching? You know what mean? It's like... Lose weight, you know, and that's okay. Lose 10 to 15 kilos. Oh, yeah, I want to do that. I mean, lose 10 to 15 kilos over the next three months. Oh, yeah, I really want to do that. Lose 10 to 15 kilos over the three months without starving yourself or giving up your social life. Yes, that's exactly what I want to do. If you want to lose 10 to 15 kilos, but you're worried the next plan you try won't work out for you because you've done so many in the past only to regain the weight a few months later. Let me... If you're a woman who wants to lose 10 to 15 kilos... It's a hard one to say. So the angle here is they've lost weight before and they're afraid to do it again because they might regain it. So... Let me ask you this, when you went on your very first date and it did this, when you went on your, let me ask you, when you do stuff like this as well, that hook wasn't that bad, let's not spend too much time on it, it was kind of a hard one to say. With something like this, break it down into smaller sections so you can say it really, really punchy, right? So you'll see here, you take your gasp for air. You have to take your gasp for air, cut it, and then say, see, look, there's just dead space here. When you went on your very first date and it didn't work out, did you go, oh, I don't think dating is for me? No, you tried again and again and again. And eventually, after kissing a lot of frogs, you will find your prince. This is the same with coaching. The way some people do it are restrictive, cyclical, and only enforce bad behaviors. And relationships with food. Now, here at She Thrives, we are big on giving. So. Me. No, you tried. When you went on your.
Bre Colley: What framework did you use for this one? I don't know. I'm just  speaking off the top of my head.
Kyle Musca: You've got to use the frameworks, babe. Yeah. The frameworks will make it a lot easier for you to do, but also keep the.
Bre Colley: I think that was before you sent me the frameworks.
Kyle Musca: I can't remember, but yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. The frameworks make it so much easier. Just to keep it really nice and affordable. Very first date and it didn't work out. Did you go, oh, I don't think dating is for me. No, you tried again and again and again. And eventually after kissing a lot of frogs, you will find your prince.
Bre Colley: This is the same with coaching. The way some people do it are restrictive, cyclical. And I feel like maybe we shouldn't use that because when I watched it back, I didn't realize I hadn't created that. It's kind of like dissing other coaches.
Kyle Musca: And I don't really want to be doing that, to be honest. You can throw stones at other coaches. Like, I have a full video where I'm like, I'm not like most other coaches. But it's like, yeah, I mean, I would say directly like that, though. I mean, it's good to separate yourself from the competition. It's like, I'm not like most other coaches, you know? I don't just give you a copy and paste meal plan for 1,200 calories and then tell you to, you know. But again, this comes down to the framework, right? So it's like, if I was going to do this script for you, where you're saying, they've lost weight before, they've regained it, now they're afraid to do it again. And you're going to use other, like, you know, maybe they have worked with another coach before. It's like, so you've done the hook. And the problem is, now understand, you put in all that time and energy to lose the weight, and you actually did see it work for a little bit. But as soon as you stop, but as soon as you stop following the plan, that weight creeped right Right back on. That's the problem. Right? Now, think about it. Agitation. Now you're stuck in no man's land where you know that you're capable of losing the weight. You're just afraid that if you go through that whole process again, you'll just end up in the same, if not worse, position than you are right now. I mean. Now it's a solution, right? Solution. That is the exact problem. That is the exact thing I solve with the girls that come through She Thrives. See, I don't just build your plan to get you from A to B. I focus on rebuilding your habits so you can not only build your dream body, but you have all the... The skills and the tools necessary to make sure that you never have to do it again, you know what I mean? And then action, you know what mean? You could even add in some social proof here. I would really get into the habit of every video you do for an ad, try and get social proof in it one way or another, you know what mean? And that's exactly how Sarah was able to lose 10 kilos and keep it off. 10 kilos faster than she ever thought possible, you know, and then, you know, keep it off, whatever. Rachel lost 12 kilos in just 14 weeks while repairing her gut issues and her relationship, you know, whatever. While fixing her relationship with food, so now she eats in a healthy, sustainable way. And those are just two stories of the hundreds of girls I've helped. Or a few stories of the hundreds of girls I've helped, right? And then action. So if you want to join a community filled with like-minded women, all chasing to become their strongest, sexiest version of themselves, DM me the word, she thrives. I'll have a chat to you. Actually, this is where I like to add my disqualifier in. DM me, she thrives. But I'm going to be straight up. If you're looking for a quick fix or a magic pill that's going to, or a pill that's going to magically melt the fat, then I'm not the girl for you. What I do works because the women I work with are willing to put in the work. So if that's you, shoot me through that DM and let's have a chat. Make sense? See how I also say it in that tonality as well. If you can't say it in that real upbeat, direct, I mean, everyone's going to have their own tonality, but it needs to be sort of fast-paced. You know what I mean? If you're having a lot of like points where you're- You're- Pacing is slowing down a lot. Then it's like we're doing something wrong. Like, not wrong, but we're just not using the right words. Right? So hook, proof, plan, action. Right? Same thing. Right? But. So you hook. Give me a topic that, you know, an angle that you'd like to come from.
Bre Colley: Or maybe like the all or nothing mindset.
Kyle Musca: Okay. But the dude's not here. Hang on. All or nothing mindset. Okay. I'm going send him this photo. I should send him a rig shot so he knows who he's dealing with. Okay. So hook, proof, promise, plan. All or nothing mindset. All right. All right. Let me take. All right, Kyle, let me take a guess. You told yourself that you're going to stop making excuses and finally start prioritizing your health and fitness so you can lose that 10 to 15 kilos and feel more confident when you jump in a bikini to go to the beach. I would refine that, but let's just say that's what we did, right? Proof. The proof promise, so this is less, to be fair, proof plan promise one is less about solving a problem more rather than obviously just showing proof. So... So... So you could do it with something like this. I mean, let's go, again, I don't use this one very often, but let's do it because then we'll be on the same page of not being, you know, fully versed with doing it.
Bre Colley: right. Truth.
Kyle Musca: I don't know who needs to, girl, I don't know who needs to hear this, but if you constantly find yourself, girl, I don't know who needs to hear this, but if you constantly find yourself starting strong on Monday, just to end up, you know, binge eating from Thursday through to Sunday, girl, I don't know. Again, with the hooks, I always want to make sure that I either try and add in something tangible or I make it very, very clear about what the actual ad is about. So even that was, to me, a little bit irrelevant. Yes, we spoke about binge eating and stuff, but we didn't really talk about weight loss, right? Right. We want to attract women that are interested in weight loss. So, all right, girl, I don't know who needs to hear this, but if you're trying to lose... If you're trying to lose 10 to 15 kilos and you start strong on Monday only to find yourself binge eating from Thursday through to Friday, stop, rethink about what you're going to say, then it's probably not because you lack discipline, you just don't have a plan that actually supports your goals. Something like that. Again, this is very off the top of my head, but let's just run with it, right? That is the exact issue. Now, you could either use yourself here or you could use a client here, right? That is the exact issue my client Rachel had. For months, she... Okay, you know, I think you see her. Hang on. There's two seconds.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Hey, Ness. So basically, Nui is based off, it's like a third party, I guess, to Stripe. So it actually uses Stripe in the backend system. But because the fees are starting to get quite high with like the big payments and everything like that, I want to streamline and simplify everything as we continue to grow. And I've done a little bit of research and a lot of them do use Stripe manually in the backend. So instead, like I have so much more control over what is going on and what the clients are selling. So I want to make sure that I have a bit more control. So I'm starting to slowly move people over to Stripe, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Okay, ready?
Bre Colley: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, that is the exact issue my client Rachel struggled with for months, right? She promised herself herself that. She was going to start prioritizing her own health and finally drop that 10, that's five kilos of, you know, finally drop that extra 10 kilos of fat she'd been holding onto for so long. But every time she went to start, she just, um, yeah, yeah, she, you know, on Mondays, she did everything perfectly. She tracked her calories, she got her steps, she hid her protein, um, you know, and she got eight hours of sleep every single, every night. But as the week went on, her work became more stressful, she built up more fatigue, she found it increasingly harder to stick to the plan she had laid out. Then, when she naturally reverted to her old habits. Where she would binge eat herself and eat away her emotions, she would just end up feeling extreme, you know, again, reword, but she just, she was just left feeling extremely guilty. Right? And it got to the point where she had almost given up on it altogether, but luckily she came to me for some help. Now, instead of adding more to Rachel's plate, all we did is we looked, you know, instead of adding more, you know, more to her already busy schedule, we actually removed, you know, we actually started doing less, but focusing on the right things that were actually going to move the needle forward. You know what mean? So instead of doing everything perfectly, she was able to do, you know. Instead of doing everything perfectly, she had a plan that she could actually stick to consistently. I mean, 12 weeks later, yeah, yeah, and in 12 weeks, she dropped 14 kilos, and she said it was easier than anything she had tried in the past. Yeah, and you could even add in, like, this is a little bit of a side tangent here, depending on how long the video goes for. And, you know, essentially what I'm trying to think of here is, like, basically saying she tried for five months with no real results, and in just 12 weeks, she was able to achieve her dream body with you. Again, it's nice to add in there, but if it's going to drag the video on, just  cut it out, right? It doesn't need to be said, right? That's exactly what I focus on with women, you know? And that's what, exactly what I focus on with all the goals in She Thrives. I'll build you a custom plan that's actually, I'll build you a custom plan that's actually suited to your schedule. So instead of, you know, making it burden, , you know, and then I would go into like, so instead of it being a burden to your life, you actually feel the positive effects you should from it. Again, I'm not even happy with that wording, but let's just say for the sake of the argument, right? So if you'll find yourself in a similar situation and you want to work with a coach to help you get the best results possible, deem with the word She Thrives. But I'll be honest, you know, but I'll be straight up. If you're looking for a quick fix or a magic pill, then I'm not the girl for you. I work with women that are serious about making a change for themselves. And they're ready to put. In the work required to make sure that that gets done. If that's you, shoot me through the DM and let's have a chat. You know what mean?
Bre Colley: That was quite long, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That was quite long because I was trying to think of different words, but like once you, you know, just cut out all the fat and just put together what you wanted to, it would have come up pretty quick, I reckon. Your turn.
Bre Colley: No, what the ?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which script do want to do?
Bre Colley: Babes, not today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you've got to do it. Come on.
Bre Colley: , man. I genuinely feel like I can't today.
Kyle Musca: I like pass. do pass up. So do a hook. Just a simple hook. It doesn't have to be any crazy, right? Just keep it simple.
Bre Colley: I genuinely can't put on the voice that you do right now.
Kyle Musca: I like like that. that. I actually couldn't care less. No, you're talking about your own voice. Come on.
Bre Colley: No, I know, but, like, I'm telling you right now, like, I'm not in the mood.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Bre Colley: Can we just do this another time?
Kyle Musca: Baby, come on. Just really simple.
Bre Colley: It doesn't have to be anything. I understand what you're saying, and I can do it, like, another day, but I'm telling you today is not the day.
Kyle Musca: Okay, baby. Okay.
Bre Colley: I appreciate you trying to help me, but I genuinely can't today.
Kyle Musca: It's okay. Okay. Do you have any questions about it, Matt?
Bre Colley: No. I think it's just, like, understanding the framework a bit better and then filming ads based on it, and like you said, I just need to, like, practice it. And now that we have our own rooms, it's going to be easier to do it around the house, too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I kind of said it in your video before, don't try and like when you're talking about what's involved in everything, don't try and say everything that you do.
Bre Colley: I think I try and sell what I'm giving rather than the dream.
Kyle Musca: You can do that. The features have their place for sure. And it's really, so it's basically you're, you're showcasing how the product is actually used, which is powerful, but only to a small degree, because if you go, you know, do custom training and then you do custom nutrition, then we do, you know, calls and you try and say all that in the video, then all of a sudden, like the video I sent you yesterday, or I showed you yesterday, where I cut out all that part, that was in itself 20 seconds. You know what mean? So it's good because you can usually cut that part out anyway and have a smaller version and kind of still makes sense. So it's definitely good to have, but like, don't try and, you know, for example, the solution should match the problem. You know what mean? So it's like, if they're talking about, you know, let's say you're coming in from the angle of, you know, women that And have a pretty hectic work schedule. It's like, well, you don't really need to talk about like education and all that  because like they've already scrapped the time. They're not going to care about doing a  fitness course that's educating them. Like, yes, it's a component, absolutely. But their main things are, you know, probably structuring guidance. You know what mean? So it's like, if we're going to do that, let's just say it's a problem, you know. Now, I understand it. You know, you're working 40, 50, 60 plus hours a week. And you're so focused on your, you know, you're so focused on your career that, you know, your own health and fitness has taken a backseat. And because of that, you know, because of that, you don't feel confident in clothes that you used to love. You try and avoid photos because you know that you're not going to be happy with how they turn out. And although you're absolutely, you know, this is a little bit marketing and AI, but although you're absolutely crushing it in your job, you know, deep down, you know, you know, there's. Because deep down, you know you're not living up to your full potential, right? Problem and agitation, right? And then solution would be, you know, well, that is the exact issue I, you know, that is the exact issue I could even say solve. That is the exact issue I solve for the girls and she thrives. I'll give you all the structure, guidance, accountability to make sure that you get the best results possible in the best, the best results in the shortest time possible. While balancing that around your busy work schedule, you know what I mean? So I only, you know, structure again, structure, guidance, right? Or you could even say like, I'll give you all the, I'll give you all the structures so you don't have to think about anything. You'll know exactly what to do, when to do it, and how to do it. You know what mean? And then on screen, that's where, you know, they might put it. You Like a video of your app, for example, show it, right? Then I'll guide you through the whole process to make sure that the plan changes as your schedule changes. You know what I mean? So flexibility around that busy schedule.
Bre Colley: So when you do it, do you think of like the ideal person? I guess you're thinking about your ideal client that you're talking to for that specific problem, essentially, and what their pain points are, what they want genuine help with, essentially.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so a lot of that, the hook will basically lead the entire script, the script in the direction of the script. But that's why I like to make it very clear about who I'm talking to in the script, in the hook. You know what mean? Because then it weaves out all the  problem. Like, for example, if I say, if you're a dude in his 30s working 40 plus hours a week and you want to strip 10 kilos of fat over the next 90 days, it's like, if you're a , I'm about to talk about how balancing weight loss with a busy schedule... Fathom you know, who I help. If you're a  bum living off Centrelink, you're not going to be interested in that. The ad doesn't apply to you because it's not relevant to you.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm not solving your solution. If I were just talking about fat loss, then it would solve everyone's problem and I would have a bunch of time wasters come through.
Bre Colley: Yeah. No, that makes sense. That actually helps a lot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But to a fine degree, like you don't want to like overdo it where it's like, if you're a career-driven woman, you know, like Sage does, because it just sounds like marketing and gay.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? Like pick on points that they actually , one, identify. You can do it if it's an identifiable characteristic. So, for example, like you can say if you're a tradie, because tradies identify as being a tradie. If you're a young mum or if you're a mum, mums identify with being mums. But it's like, if you're a corporate woman, you know what mean? It's like, if I work in accounting, I don't consider myself a  corporate.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? So it's like, If you're a woman who works 40 plus hours a week, you know what mean? I could be a teacher, I could be a nurse, you know what mean?
Bre Colley: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: If you're a woman who works a job where your shift is constantly changing, shift workers. Or your schedule is constantly changing, shift workers. You know what mean? And because of that, you you find it hard to X, Y, Z. Now, another really good thing to do with these, Josh Humphreys does it really good, is disqualify who you don't want to talk to. So there's different ways you can go about this, for example. But it's like, if you're a woman who, if you're a woman looking to lose 10 kilos, if you find it so difficult because your schedule is constantly changing around work, this is for you, right? And then you could do, you know, problem. Oh, sorry. And then you disqualify. So for example, he does that. So he basically says like, if you're a woman in her 40s who struggles with hormones, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And then he says, this isn't for, you know, men because hormones, their hormones aren't the same. You know what mean? So it's like for you, for example, you could do, if you're a woman who's looking to lose 10 kilos, but you find it so difficult because your schedule is constantly changing, this is for you. Now, this doesn't work for young moms. This doesn't work for men, you know, whoever you get like a lot of, if you get a specific type of characteristic that you don't want, then you just  them off. So let's say it's young moms, for example. Now, this doesn't work for young moms and it doesn't work for men simply because the schedules are so different. Now, no  mom is going to message you, which you don't want because mom, young, young moms are always  broken, retarded. So it's like you've disqualified them. So you could do something like that as well, you know. Now, this only works for women, or you could do a positive. This only works for, you know, women in their 30s that work more than 40 hours a week. It doesn't work for young mums and it doesn't work for men. It doesn't work for Indians and it doesn't work for young mums.
Bre Colley: those fuckers, man.
Kyle Musca: The other thing as well is you could, instead of saying, like, it doesn't work for young mums, but it's like, if you're an Australian woman who works 30 plus hours a week, Indians are  off. You know what mean? And you could say that because you're an Australian and you're an Australian coach, not necessarily saying, I don't work with Indians.
Bre Colley: What if I was like, if you're an Aussie girl? Or does that kind of, like, target?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you're an Aussie girl in her 30s who's trying to lose 10 kilos over the next 90 days, but you find it so hard to stick to any plans because your schedule around work is constantly changing, then this is for you. See how that hook was nice and streamlined, but it called out exactly who I wanted. Aussie girl in her 30s, schedule work, and then why they should listen to it because their schedule is changing. You know what mean? And then go into the problem, you know? You know, after working with over 200 different, after working with over 200 women who all work shift work, I understand how difficult it is to stick to a plan. And when your life can feel so chaotic, that's probably all you need to say is problem for that agitation. And because that it can make you feel trapped, you know, and because that can make you feel trapped. And, you know, you start to get that little voice in your head that says that this is just how you are now. Something again, this is very off the top of my head, but, you know, I'm saying. Yeah. It doesn't have to be long at all. It shouldn't be long. Most of these should be like one or two sentences probably. Maybe like probably three to four if you're really trying to draw a specific point out. But you'll even see here, like hook is, so it would be hook. And then problem is very short, so five seconds. Agitation, you know, roughly 10 seconds. But the solution.
Bre Colley: is 15 seconds.
Kyle Musca: It also says action 15 seconds, but I reckon the action only needs to be, you know, realistically like five seconds. If it's just, you know, if that's you shooting through a DM, but then you, I always like to add a reinforcement or a disqualifier on. So that might go for an extra like 10 seconds.
Bre Colley: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Any questions that I know?
Bre Colley: No, I just need practice it, I reckon.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, follow the frameworks because it's so much easier. And then you also make sure you're not repeating yourself as well.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Anything else you want go over at all? I would probably start all your videos with that moving forward. It's like, yeah, if you're an Aussie woman in her 30s, because that's your prime demographic.
Bre Colley: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that will cut out all Indians.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or like, hopefully a majority of them.
Bre Colley: Yeah, I'll try that. So I feel like not this week, but like next week, I want to talk about doing like a live masterclass and doing like graphics and stuff for that to kind of, and then like a.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't do a live masterclass. You can, but I wouldn't campaign around it because it's like, it's a very short window and you need like all your automations and everything set up to do it properly.
Bre Colley: Right.
Kyle Musca: Okay. If anything, I would do the lead magnet and just get people through that first.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It can be done. Don't get me wrong, but like it's, it's a hard funnel to get right because show up rates usually  awful.
Bre Colley: True.
Kyle Musca: Everything like that. So it's just like, I wouldn't, you know, I would do direct, I would do lead magnet. And then once you've done enough of them, then you could potentially do more. But that's not to say that anything's stopping you from doing a live masterclass on your actual Instagram. I mean, like you posted it organically and then. You can get whoever comes to come, but you get used to just doing them because you don't want to spend a bunch of money on ads and then maybe you do get a decent show up, but you're just not super confident on executing it properly because you haven't done it before.
Bre Colley: Yeah, right. Okay.
Kyle Musca: I would do the lead magnet first.
Bre Colley: Have you already got it recorded? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, do the lead magnet first, do the job form qualification and we can get that up ASAP.
Bre Colley: Okay. Can do.
Kyle Musca: And then I would also send Joseph a message to say like, hey, can you just make it so anyone that fills out this job form, their dad has put it to go high level.
Bre Colley: Oh, yeah. Can I not just get like a VA to do that?
Kyle Musca: If she knows how to do Zappi, it wouldn't be very hard to do.
Bre Colley: Right. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
Bre Colley: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: All right. Anything else in the car?
Bre Colley: Nah, babes. Eat your foods.
Kyle Musca: Okay, buddy.
Bre Colley: All right.
Kyle Musca: I'll see you in two seconds. Bye.


>>> 119/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-11T04:27:40Z | id:128866772
People: Kyle Musca

jese Smith-shields: This meeting is being recorded. Seems like one thing happens, another thing happens, and then it all happens at once.
Kyle Musca: I feel that, man. How has Yaz gone as an actual coach?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, now she's miles above what Kiana was.
Kyle Musca: That's definitely a perk. Has she done anything with the video ad scripts yet?
jese Smith-shields: She's created one, but she is working full-time. So I'm sitting down with her on Sunday and trying to create the next ones.
Kyle Musca: Okay, she's working full-time for you or a different job?
jese Smith-shields: No, she's working full-time managing an elite sub store.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, okay. Will she eventually transition out of that once you've...
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, that's the goal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Beautiful, man. Beautiful. Cool, bro. So, yeah, we've got the... I'll get the graphics up. To be honest, it's like if there was a time for this to happen, it's probably in the last fortnight. Because ever since, like, March 3rd, apparently... It just sort of has had some major issues in the back end. And I saw that in particular over the last week or so, just things just dried up like heaps across accounts. So it seems to be hopefully fixing itself very early signs. We'll see how it goes over the next couple of days. Did, yeah. Is there anything that you're, you know, particularly struggling with at the moment?
jese Smith-shields: No, not really. Everything is obviously very dry within Leeds. But everything, the last two weeks has just been me managing pretty much everything else that's been happening. So it hasn't, like, if we were taking on the amount of clients that we were, it probably would have been a real struggle.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, I mean, you can look at it as positives and negatives. Obviously, we always want people coming through the door and everything like that. But at the same time, you know, we haven't really spent money on ad spend. We haven't really spent money on setters or anything. So it's like, you know, those periods of time can be actually, you know, quite profitable in terms of profit margins. And sometimes it's good to sort of, I guess, just take a step back as well and not always have to feel like you're constantly pushing for more. Now, the biggest thing is we're looking at now, which we can do right now is double check, is as long as, sorry, Yaz's account is connected here, which he said it was. Yeah, fantastic. it's connected to the ads account. So theoretically, that should be pulling the data from the same place. Oh, so, okay. There we go. Okay, so Michael will need to connect that then. So has he been getting back to you?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it's a little bit slow with Michael.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I messaged him yesterday morning, I believe, or the the day before that. When he said, I'm not sure where he is at the moment, but he seemed to have replied to me in the morning more so.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We can still get things built out and ready. He would just need to connect that, but I don't think that should take him long once he actually jumps on it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's right.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Now, I reckon what we do is we'll get Yaz's stuff up and running and everything like that. But in the meantime, man, I reckon we focus on the lead man side of stuff that we've already kind of spoken about, but actually executing on that. Are you going to want to run that through ShieldsFit or do you want to keep it through Yaz?
jese Smith-shields: What would be your thoughts on it? Because obviously everything that I've done and built is based around Kiana.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So have you noticed any like drop-off in engagement from the ShieldsFit account?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Okay. I mean, theoretically, we could do it both. It depends on if you want to, you know, continue going down the same avenue, like as we spoke about building a community of, you know, probably women in their, you know, 20s or younger 30s and building more of an affiliate sort of community, or it depends on if you want to go, you know, for more something that's Yaz's, from what it sounds like, Yaz's client avatar, where they're probably more, you know, solidly in their 30s.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, so what my game plan is going to be is trying to go direct response through Yaz's, obviously, ad account and pushing through that, because her niche is very different to what we've built on Shields, because everything on Shields is just 18 to about 24 of just young females wanting to grow glutes. So even like the stuff that we've got on there just doesn't really correlate with Yaz's sort of campaign at the moment. So I wanted to We'd go direct response through hers, build out her clientele base, get clients in through the door through that. But then also while we're doing that, I'd be working on Shields, almost doing like a rebrand and a relaunch and have the affiliates pushing into that, which was like a similar sort of criteria of what we had with Kiana and then just taking the piece of the pie from that as well. But I'd keep Shields under my personal brand and my personal name and still try and push through that, both channels.
Kyle Musca: As in you will keep Shields under your personal name and then but still rebrand and then just push that as a community?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How do you feel you'll manage the workload in terms of content creation then?
jese Smith-shields: Depending on who I get in on the doors, like the right people into it. I'm trying to look for getting at least four or five sort of affiliate markets, the marketers, whatever you want to call them, pushing into that page. And with the same sort of demographic, same sort of criteria, being Gold Coast-based. And then my sole purpose for that would be to build it up and then just sell it down the future.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So in that case, what I would probably do is if we're going to do a lead magnet, I reckon we'd probably run it through Yaz's to begin with, just to give you some time to set that properly up. And then once we have, you know, content, because there's no point in running a lead magnet if they click on the page and there's nothing there or it doesn't resonate with the type of person we're trying to bring in or anything. And if we can crack Yaz's audience well, I mean, they should have money. So that should be fine. What I would recommend doing here, and yeah, so what I recommend doing here is sort of like a masterclass or something. There's two different ways you could do it. You could do like a 20, 30-minute masterclass, or you could do it as a sort of a mini course like you were going to do with Kiana. Either way is fine. I would probably, if I was going to do it, I would probably do a masterclass just because you can sort of pack more of a specific problem. So the idea of what we want to think of as a lead magnet is we want to solve one very specific small issue of the, I guess, the what, but leave an opening for the how so they come to us, right? And all the lead magnets really trying to do is just collect hand raises, you know, like we can find women in their 30s that are working full-time that are interested in weight loss. It's like, all right, cool.
jese Smith-shields: We should be talking to these type of people. That's all we want to find. Yeah. Yeah. No, that would be, I think that would work quite well under Yaz's account anyway, with what she's kind of built up. The content that she naturally posts as well is very hormone sort of female sort of route. So we can easily make a masterclass around that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. mean, and we can always like the good thing about running it through Yaz's is if we do a keep. We can tap into women in their 30s, can tap into women in their 40s, and even in their 50s if we're coming from the hormonal angle. You might even want to create different types of masterclasses, just off the top of my head, how to cut 8 kilos in 12 weeks as a woman in her 30s versus how to cut 6 to 8 kilos in 12 weeks as a woman in her 50s going through menopause.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, no, that works really well, actually.
Kyle Musca: I like the sound of that. Yeah, and then we would just segment the different targeting and, you know, we're good to go.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Good news is, have we been over the presentation builder and everything like that?
jese Smith-shields: No.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, I still got a chat with GPT. We haven't tried it in Claude yet, but I played around with this. So essentially, with those source project files and everything like that, you can get it to, what I would do is, what's it  loads? Doing it this way, it'll basically spit out the entire presentation for you, and then you'll just need to get someone to build it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What I would really recommend doing here is like, I'll close that because that took too long, is creating the project for it with these files that I've sent through to you. And then,  man, sometimes you've got to go back and forth with it to get it right. Now, I found to get it like this, which is how I wanted it to be with the dot points and everything like that, is... I just went and took screenshots of other people that do really good presentations and I said just like make sure you format it like this. Found that was by far the easiest thing to do. spent like  over an hour trying to go back and forth with it just to try and do it. And then as soon as I upload an image, it actually analyzed it and could do it properly.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, and then what I would do is once you've got the project files and it's built out properly and you're happy with the layout, then what I would do is I would go and deep research this specific topic. You know what mean? Like I want to put together a masterclass for women in their 30s struggling with PCOS or endo on how they can still lose, you know, six to eight kilos over the next 12 weeks or something like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: mean, like make it do a deep research on something super specific because that's what I did, as you can see through here. And they basically just spat me out that entire document like really well. So yeah, go up here. And then once you get this right, like the chat, it's  annoying to get right, but once you get it right, then you can just do a deep research and say like, perfect, now make me one, as I did for this next one. hell, so much  to go through. Yeah, great. Now I want you to do exactly how we've done it, but analyze this, make God a really good understanding of tonality and how I'm speaking. Seems like the presentation scratched my own words instead of used AI. And then I basically chucked that. Yeah, so the tonality guide combined with, it was a muscle building when I was just testing it out. But it came up like really factual and yeah, correct, essentially.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, no, sweet. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll send that through to you. And then what we want to do with the, I think we've already got one in your account. But I've updated it a bit since then. Yeah, so, yeah, beautiful. So that's mostly correct. Correct. Then what I would add on to here is essentially send that, but then have like a section under here, like, by the way, while you're here, essentially saying, are you potentially interested in looking at getting a coach? Yes, you know, potentially no. That way we can, you know, again, filter by those people that have said that they are actually, like, they've just raised their hand and said they would be open to getting a coach.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I reckon that's the way to go. That's a very, very easy addition because you've really got the actual overall.
jese Smith-shields: Flow in here. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Otherwise, I can get, I'll create your campaign in meta today.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I'll leave it off though, just so Michael can connect that copy. And then from there, it'll just a matter of, yeah, turning it on.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, nice, sweet. Easy as.
Kyle Musca: I think. Yeah. Does Yaz typically work with a certain type of woman? Like, you know, obviously Endo and PCOS and stuff, but sounds like, is there anything like a characteristic that I can sort of try and help with the targeting? So, for example, I always test broad audiences just to see if the algorithm will try and figure it out itself. But if not, then I'll create like a job titles audience where it like tries to focus on finding people with specific job titles.
jese Smith-shields: tiempo. let's Yeah, okay. I'll ask her, but yeah, from what I've picked up, it's just very more health-related and pretty much the very opposite of what we've built shields around.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay.
jese Smith-shields: Health-related, later 20s, earlier 30s, sort of, I'll ask her, I'll get a little bit of a demographic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's like, that's when we can also start playing around with the messaging that we use in ads as well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So again, you have to be cautious with how, I usually tend to find things like, like I did ads yesterday for myself, for example, and it's like, you know, most people say if you're an awkward guy or, you know, some  like that, it just sounds add-in, sales-in . But, so, but like, if it's like, if you're, you know, if you're a woman who's working 40 hours a week, or if you're a woman who, you know. right. right. Is doing night shift or, you know, something like that. Something related to, you know, why work prevents them from, like, losing the weight or doing whatever they're trying to do, but without directly saying, like, that's why we're targeting them, if that makes sense.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: But we could play around with that, but it just depends if she's got, like, you know, maybe she works with nurses or teachers or something like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'll ask her. I'll give her a bit of a demographic offer. But, yeah, I do think her clientele base will be a lot better than what ours was with Kiana.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you should, like, I mean, Kiana brought in a lot of leads, but when you get Yaz's to come through, they should be better quality leads.
jese Smith-shields: So we'll just, again, we won't know until we properly test.
Kyle Musca: How is everything in the back end of the business going? Has things settled down there with, you know, since all those, like, those 30 clients left?
jese Smith-shields: Um, I'm hoping that this is kind of like the last week of it all with kind of pretty much anyone who's sort of been disgruntled or whatever. Whatever about it, we kind of just said, see you later, best of luck. I know Kiana's launched her own service, so I may find a little bit of further growing pains with that, whether she wants to try and shortcut for, like, different pricing of mine. But best of luck to her with that, in a sense.
Kyle Musca: she know what you charged?
jese Smith-shields: No. She doesn't know any part of the business other than posting content.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, she'll struggle. She won't know the mechanics of it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, she'll.
Kyle Musca: I would, I mean, it really depends on, you know, what you want to do here, but I would be cautious of her poaching the clients that she worked with, because she'll obviously have, like, does she have their contact details, or was it messaged through the app itself?
jese Smith-shields: It was messaged through the app that she's committed. Message them on Instagram. Like, if she's going to message them, she's probably already done it or doing it.
Kyle Musca: Did she have their Instagram? Like, would she have known? Yeah. see, that's cool. I mean, at the end of the day, did she sign – she didn't sign a contract or anything, did she? It's tough. Yeah, because then, you know, you can't really say anything about approaching clients, which is not a thing to do.
jese Smith-shields: A lot of the clients that she kind of had long-term and a lot of those relationships that she built was pretty much on a discounted price anyway to try and fill her out and try and make her full-time as quickly as I did. So it's not too much of a loss, if I'm honest with you. And I've taken over a lot of the clients, and I don't enjoy coaching that type of client anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But, yeah, plus, Sue, she took a fairly hefty chunk of the client. Are you paying – you're not paying –
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it's that much, are you? No, we're near it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, this could be, you know, again, we'll see how it plays out. This could be a bit of a blessing as time goes on. Yeah, cool. All right, we'll keep a direct response for that type demographic, and then that will give you time to sort of build up the affiliate thing in the background. I saw Liza posted a video of Tag ShieldsFit. It was collaborated with ShieldsFit?
jese Smith-shields: No, it's posted a story. Yeah, so I'm going to start doing content with her. I've got content with her on Monday for some sort of, what would be like, obviously like UCG creation and that sort of style. I've tried reaching out to a few sort of UCG creators, because obviously it looks a lot more friendly than what just direct advertisement looks like. Have you tried any stuff like that and seen any sort of benefit from it?
Kyle Musca: got Let's The issue a lot of marketers make is they, so UGC style stuff for that type of thing that you're doing is more so like brand awareness more than anything. And the issue is like, you know, brand awareness never really works, but it's like, it's somewhat justifiable if you're a billion dollar company with, you know, millions or even billions of dollars of ad spend to do it. But it's like for smaller businesses, you know, if you're going to spend money on advertising, you should be looking for a direct return. Yeah, which you could, you know, I mean, that's not to say you couldn't like go out and, you know, find some UGC creators and basically say like, hey, you know, I'll coach you for free. And then, you know, if, you know, one, if leads come through, then you get a percentage. And if you do fit really well, then we'll even, you know, I'll spend the money on advertising through you to bring leads through the door and you'll get a percentage of that. Like that's a potential pathway. that's a potential But I wouldn't directly invest like a flat rate or pay someone essentially to do that for you.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, well, currently Eliza is actually paying me for coaching and she's told me that she wants to get into obviously content and like the social media side of things. So I've been using Kiana as like an example of like what could happen in a sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like you've got the proof of concept that it's there for the right person. I think something I would even recommend doing even with that, the presentation thing I sent through you, it's pretty cool once you play around it properly, is I would even like create like another, like a mini course, for example, that you give all your clients that do come through on how to create different types of content. You know, so you might have a video on like short form, like 10, 15 second trendy , you know, all that different type of stuff that goes into content creation. Just so they... they... they... Can very clearly identify what actually goes into making a good piece of content so they can get started doing it. And then you just frame it as like the reason we do this is one to build up the community that someone we're very big on, but also, you know, to document your journey because, you I guarantee you're going to want more, you know, whatever you sort of  glad rapid as. But you basically say you've created that to help them as well as all the other girls. But at the same time, you know, they tag you and they grow and that builds with time.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I was getting Keanu to actually create something like that because we had a lot of girls that were trying to push for like that, I don't know what you'd call it, like affiliate links with like brand deals and stuff like that. So I was actually getting her to create all that while then  kicked off. So I've got a lot of that shell anyway that I can just do anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, because, I mean, if you can get it going, it works. It's like, I am astounded that even my guys have. I've got like dudes that are in their  40s and they've, you know, started making content and posting and tagging me and stuff. It doesn't obviously come up super crisp or anything like that. But like, you know, I feel like a lot of those things, it comes down to one, cultural norm and you just have someone, you just have to have someone to kind of kickstart it. Because now they're like tagging each other in videos and they're hyping each other up to make videos and everything like that as well. And then two, just sort of showing them how to do it. You know, I mean, there's a lot of people out there that, you know, want to do it. They just don't know how to do it. So it's like, if you just make very simple video breakdowns, you know, it doesn't have to be anything crazy at all. That gives them the direction that they can sort of go off and actually start playing around with it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. That's actually, I've actually got a content creator as a client. So I might even just get her to actually do it. And I'll just either do something for her or do something around that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
jese Smith-shields: That's a good idea, actually. I like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. because I'm... Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's the thing with the community. just doesn't happen overnight. You've got to sort of, you know, move it in the direction. But then once it gets up and running, like whatever you've installed, it usually just sort of ends up being self-sufficient and grows on its own.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, 100%. 100%. No, it's as easy as.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Beautiful. Is there anything, you know, we're kind of in a bit of a stalemate just waiting to get these ads up. Anything else you want to cover?
jese Smith-shields: Nah, it's just been pretty much, obviously, breaks have been put on a little bit, but it is what it is sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: With this set of, what do you want to do there?
jese Smith-shields: Probably just do what you recommend, really. Once we start seeing ads come in, we can just do that eight hours a day, shared, cross the ad account.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, so the thing is, there's two options. One is obviously Clemé. Yeah, Clemé. She just makes it nice and reliable and easy. Depending on, the thing with Clame is it's reliability. is a little bit, you owe me to pay the commissions. Then there's the other option of something I've been testing out is just sourcing my own setters. Usually it's between five to seven USD an hour on flat rate. And they're actually conversating quite good once you set up the AI and everything like that. The only downside to that is then you have to sort of manage sort of shifts and you have to overlook it a little bit more. And it's a little bit annoying only having one server in them because obviously they need days off. So it's like for my account, for example, you know, if you're going to have it fully up and running like we did with, you know, when Connor was there, you probably need at least three people in the account to cover mornings, nights, and the days. Primarily the days off. Two people could cover mornings and nights, theoretically even one person, but they're probably only going to work like five, six days a week. So it's like, you need someone to cover those, those days off shifts.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's, yeah, I did. I assembled a whole pretty much DM set-in team prior to Keanu's departure, and then that obviously went PSA, so I could bring them back in, but...
Kyle Musca: Was that sort of child?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've done, I did that as well. , I don't know where he finds them, but they're just proper speds, man. Yeah, so I went and found, oh, you probably don't know his name, his Aaron, but I went and found my own setter from Sawstom. He's an absolute gun, like speaks like a normal guy. He, you know, understands how to use the AI properly, already understands how to use Go High Level, so he's doing quite well. And then I found a few other girls that would be decent for your account, and I've just told them, you sort of, marketing stuff out, so once you're sort of ready, you can interview them.
jese Smith-shields: Once we have that ads up and going, I'll be ready to pull them in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And then what I did all last week was because I was trying to  get the DM setters, Charles, to do it, just trying to make it retard-proof. I just filmed So heaps of different trainings and everything like that. So they just, you know, instead of you having to go back and forth and telling them all the time, they can just read that and then they should be able to just go straight into it.
jese Smith-shields: Sweet, that's hectic.
Kyle Musca: Not read the videos, watch the videos and then go straight into it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's sweet.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right, beautiful. I will get those ads up. Anything else you want to touch base on?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm pretty good, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man. All right, keen to kick this off and yeah, we'll see how it goes. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 120/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-11T05:58:47Z | id:128871338
People: Kyle Musca

Meg Tovey: It was too short.
Kyle Musca: I feel like that's how it usually goes. It's either too short or too long.
Meg Tovey: I feel like I need a holiday from the holiday because it was so  jam-packed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Feeling very tired.
Kyle Musca: How was the snow there?
Meg Tovey: It was absolute dog  on the first two days and then it started snowing hard on the third day, thank God, because I was like, oh, no, this is tragic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Oh, I'm cool.
Meg Tovey: At least it picked up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. All right. Well, we'll rip right in. Obviously, just getting the wheel cracking since we've been back. How are things looking on your end from what I can see? The ads are pulling hard.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Well, I already have sold two of the challenge keyword people today and one was a new follower, but, like, usually the new followers are from ads anyway. So, that's three this week so far.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay.
Meg Tovey: And, yeah, the challenge people. Oh, I just realized after... just after... sorry. That last chick I just signed up that I actually didn't – I just sold it like normal coaching. I didn't say anything about the challenge or anything like that. So I feel like I need to figure out if there's anything I need to change in how I'm selling it in case someone says, like, oh, when does it start? I don't know if someone would ask for the start date or, like, the prizes or anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think we said April 20th, maybe? Oh, April 1st or something like that. I think it was April 1st, actually. It was the first week of April, I think. But, yeah, essentially what I would say there is, like, yeah, if you start today, essentially, depends on how you want to – you know, you can say I'll give you an extra month for free or you can just sort of say you basically get an early bird special so you get a head start.
Meg Tovey: So how would that work in terms of payments?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's the thing. What I did for my challenge – so you could Inflate the prices, to be fair, and just get them to cover an extra month. So basically, you just say like, well, you know, let's say you charge $3,000 for six months normally. You'd like, yeah, so the challenge is, you know, $3,500. But because, you know, we will officially start on April, you know, let's say April 1st, you'll essentially get this month absolutely free.
Meg Tovey: So you almost get seven months of coaching for the price of six. Okay. Do you think if I just, because like the ones that have signed up, those two that have signed up so far, like didn't even reference a challenge or anything. I don't even think they remembered that that's the opted in buyer. Do I just do it normally unless they say something?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So essentially, like you just like, you can change the wording around a little bit. But other than that, like nothing else really needs to change. Yeah. I mean, yeah, you can throw in some wordings and call it a challenge. And maybe when you add your guarantee, you'd be like, you know, not only, you know, is there a priceable of like $5,000, but, you know, obviously I offer a guarantee. So you can just like add little things like that, but not much really has to change. The reality is like when people come in from an ad or an ad, let's just say, they don't usually actually remember what the ad was about. Yeah, yeah. So you can get like pretty flexible with what you say there. Obviously, it would just be going out there and  like, you know, falsely marking or anything like that. But yeah, you can get pretty, pretty crazy.
Meg Tovey: And that's why I like challenges because like basically nothing has to change besides what we say on the front end. Yeah. Sleigh. I'm really liking the, I don't know if it's just a coincidence, but like the ads being speaking to people who have 20 or more kilos to lose, it's been good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's something I've been really sort of focusing on the last sort of two months is really refining the message to call out the exact person that we want to talk to. Just because I think one. One of the biggest issues with like copywriting and marketers in general is they just go like way too vague. The person should know exactly who they should like, who should be listening to, what it's about, but be curious enough to keep watching forward within the first like five seconds.
Meg Tovey: So essentially the hook, if that makes sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I think that's working really, really well. So what I would also do as well on that topic is I would go through all the people that ever opted into the lead magnet and be like, hey, I'm just running my 20 and 26 challenge. Yeah, because you, and you could even magic had it because you came in through the error, you know, framework, framework. You've actually, or you could just have, I've randomly picked someone that came in through the error framework to, you know, give a high five at all about coaching voucher.
Meg Tovey: You must be lucky that you won. For the challenge, or towards the challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. But to break down, are we out here? Have you read the conversations and everything like that in the DMs?
Meg Tovey: I literally had on my list. The only thing I had today, because you always say, is there anything, any questions or whatever, is can we go through the messages together?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: I have been flat out. Oh, actually, one other thing, is if we can set up a new ad, sorry, set up an ad for hiring a new coach.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Because I've done that on Instagram a couple of times, and it just seems to be getting less and less interest each time, or quality interest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's pretty easy. If you just want to send me the graphics you have and just the URL for the form you want them to go to, I can get that out.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, you can see. It hasn't even really spent much on the graphics side of things itself, but for the actual, for direct response ads to be sitting, especially this one, so I've got 244 ad spend, for it to be sitting at under $18 per lead is absolutely phenomenal. So that is very, very strong. I am going to, obviously it's completely up to you, but with those types of numbers, I'm going to continue just to slowly scale this daily if you're happy with that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Beautiful. And then, yeah, so that's, that's an absolute beautiful. So these are also targeting women with job titles and interests and everything like that as well. So the, the lead quality should be really good coming through them. And then are you getting many Indians? guess we can read through that now, but are you getting many Indians?
Meg Tovey: I haven't, I haven't noticed any.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: But I didn't set up that automation.
Kyle Musca: No, I did actually put that into Bree's account. Um, yeah. I don't think it's ruined click-through rate at all by any means.
Meg Tovey: How did you word it on hers?
Kyle Musca: Hold on a second. I just said, like, I work with women from all different cultural backgrounds.
Meg Tovey: Is it seeming to be helping?
Kyle Musca: We'll pull back on Bree's ads a fair bit, but we've changed this around a few times, but. Yes, the actual wording, amazing, lasting. I've worked with women from all different walks of life. Just so I can probably understand the approach for you, what best describes your cultural background?
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Not heaps of volume that has come through it yet, but, mean, pretty solid. No drop-off, click-through, and again, not heaps of volume. This is across different things, though, because we did also this one here. Again, 100% click-through, so no drop-off there at all.
Meg Tovey: Could you just copy-paste that? Or, wait, how can I? Like, maybe copy-paste the message, the wording into WhatsApp, or is there a way to, like, just copy that? Oh, no, I'll just write down Australian. What is it? Australian, Indian, slash, Asian?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was trying to, like.
Meg Tovey: It seems so .
Kyle Musca: I was trying to, yeah. It seems to be working. We're only going to piss off Indians and Asians, so that's fine.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, true, true.
Kyle Musca: The way I think of it is, like, if they didn't want us to have to qualify, then they shouldn't waste So much time.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. So if I'm not seeing, I haven't looked through them, so I could be totally wrong, but no Indians have booked calls. Is there any difference with the targeting for this new campaign, or is it just a coincidence?
Kyle Musca: Well, when we go last 30 days, so what would have been happening is, yeah, so we did job titles the last time. What would have happened here is that it just hooked on a much better audience off the rip. So, that's why, instead of just going back into this campaign, I just created a completely new one, just to refresh that targeting pool.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Right. I also think that, again, this is total, like, just my opinion, has zero evidence behind it, but I feel like maybe the leads will be better, such have been better, or the book's calls, because they're a bit more aware of how coaching works, like they've done challenges or coaching before, because of the word challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, to look at that, we'd have to, it's not on top of my mind, so let's bring up the, oh no, .
Meg Tovey: I also changed all the, where it says ladies, I changed it to girls. Actually, I've changed those. I edited them all.
Kyle Musca: Let's probably better actually to go into this anyway, where we can see the actual ad that's performing the best as well. The script one or two. Girls, if you have 20 plus kilos to lose and you're starting to believe that you just don't have the will. Potentially, like I'm just going to break down potentially because again, we weren't really no 100%. But even just showing, you know, these types of women to begin with, they're all white women, no Indians or anything like that. So even like that stuff can like, you know, exclude and include who we want to include, you know what I mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Power to do it. I need you to hear this. Most challenges and diet plans are built for quick little restarts. They're not built for the girl who genuinely needs to lose 20 plus kilos. What I think, what I really like about these as well as with. If we're not trying to just solve anyone's issue that's just trying to lose weight, we're focusing on the whole angle is, you know, most challenges don't work because they're only designed for women who want to lose a couple of kilos, whereas this challenge is specifically for women who want to lose 15 to 20 plus kilos. You know, we're not trying to essentially focus on those girls and that, but, you know, between five and 15.
Meg Tovey: That's what I like. Yeah, that's what I saying earlier. Like, I like this 20 kilo target. I don't know what it is either, but I feel like, again, I've only sold three people this week, but from those three people, actually one of them was organic, so that's kind of irrelevant, but the other two, they seem like less in that  retarded shame, like, uneducated on how coaching works, and also in a big shame pit. is. is. know Like, just way too emotional to even take action. And I don't know if it's anything to do with how the ads are worded or because they're a little bit less, like, emotionally worded, I guess, a little bit more around the structure kind of thing and the plan.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this is why I like you to sort of reword the scripts before filming them because it's like you're going to know, obviously, one, your avatar a lot better, but two, it's really good to identify problems that you have with your leads and essentially just add things into the script that exclude them. You know what mean? Like, so, or add certain things that include more of the type of people that you want to fix. So for me, for example, you know, I had a problem where I was getting a bunch of young kids message me through. So now every time I do a CTA, I'm like, don't message me if you're under 21. Yeah. I mean, so just adding simple little things like that. Like I feel... Scripps yesterday where I want to focus on, you know, people that are more likely to obviously have a full-time job. So every one of my hooks was like, if you're a guy working 40, 50 plus hours a week and you want to strip 10 to 20 plus kilos of fat. I mean, that's what I was saying before about like, it should be very clear exactly who you're talking to in that first five seconds, but engage enough curiosity that they want to keep listening to what else you have to say. Essentially just thinking of a headline, of a news headline, you know what mean? Like, you know what it's about, but you don't know what it's about, you know I mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And actually keep it off for life. So you start strong, try to be perfect, drop a couple of kilos, then life happens and the whole thing falls apart. Then you sit there thinking that you're the problem, but really you're trying to force a generic plan onto a deeper goal. It's no wonder it didn't work. This is why I have officially opened my 20 in 26 challenge. It's specifically designed for girls who want to lose 20 plus kilos in the next six. Even something like this, you're not struggling with Indians as much so far. Let's hope that keeps up. But even for Brie, for example, I was like, go create some videos where in the hook you're like, if you're an Aussie woman who wants to lose 10 kilos or whatever. Because we're in Australia, so you can say  Aussie.
Meg Tovey: No one's going to be suspect about that.
Kyle Musca: Everything is 100% custom built around your body, your goals, and your life. This isn't a copy and paste challenge, so I'm capping spots at just 20 so that every girl gets the attention that she needs. And on top of that, there's over $7,000 worth of prizes to be won. We start on the 30th of March, so DM me the word challenge. So yeah, so it's, sorry, urgency. Get in before 30th of March. And I'll send you the details to see if you qualify.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I don't even feel like half of these people would be getting to the end of this, anyway. I cut them down heaps as well from what they're...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's something I like doing a lot now is like, so I'll, because I like to yap and stuff, like, again, I try to consciously cut it down. But, for example, I'll have, you know, the original ad where I  speak too much. I don't script my ads, I just sort of talk off the top of my head, so that definitely doesn't help. Let's go to these two. So this was the original video where it's like, you know, over two minutes and 20 seconds, which is way too  long. And then what I basically went through is, I did is I went through and just basically told them to cut out every part that didn't need to be in the video that still, like, made it make sense. So, like, that way you can test some with features and, you know, with transformations versus some without features and transformations, if that makes sense. And then cutting that right down, I got it down. Even that's 130, that's, like, still too long. Oh. Oh. My video is now way less than that. That was, like, when I started filming, getting the inside of the year as rusty as. But if you feel like the video does go too long, what I would recommend doing is just going through here and basically just saying, can you cut this part out? And then coming to, like, where it resumes, can you resume from here?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. I cut the scripts down before we filmed them for these ones. And I feel like maybe because the last, like, all the previous video ads that we did were, like, not really working, right? So, hopefully, maybe that's why. I don't know. I mean, there's multiple reasons, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I like to try and cap the whole video at, like, realistically, around that 45 seconds is ideal. But it's just so hard to fit everything that you want to say in that. So, you know, like, 45 seconds to 60 seconds seems to be the ideal sweet spot. And saying that, though, if you did have, like, let's say, a two-minute long video, someone watches the entire thing of that, like, they're a lot more bought in.
Meg Tovey: So, it's like. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Video links, yes, you will get more people to drop off, but if they do watch it, they should be very, same as a VSL, you know what I mean? It's a longer thing, but if they watch it, they should be very bought into what you're doing.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Coming back in here. Yeah, we watched that. Yeah, so that, yeah. Let's get rid of all this stuff. Cool. So. Perfect.
Meg Tovey: Has not been replied to?
Kyle Musca: It hasn't yet.
Meg Tovey: Why not? What is that? Two hours ago. Oh, it's a different time on your computer. was like, why the  is it not being replied to? But it's, they're not on yet. That happened last time. Just make sure you click unread once you jump back out of it.
Kyle Musca: I already did that one. You already did this one. I don't know if it lets you do it on ManyChat.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, at the top there.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Oh, that's helpful. I've been looking for that for ages. Oh, no, that just filters it by unread.
Meg Tovey: But if you click the little on the person's name, oh, I don't know. I have done it before. What about the three dots? The other three dots next to it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I don't see any Indians.
Kyle Musca: Just being busy and having a trip coming up. Okay. So silly when people say stuff like this and then just sort of like ghost after it, it's like, well, you're clearly not that serious.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, literally.
Kyle Musca: What was that? On 10th of March, so yesterday morning, midday. Weird. Did you ever see? She put a lot into that reply, so. Time. Someone. Conversations look good when they actually start.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I like the follow-ups have been heaps better too since we changed them to be more, like to be faster in between each shift.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've done a fair bit of stuff since you've been away with the setting because I'm trying to like do, basically do it internally. Personally, pros and cons to it, it obviously becomes cheaper over the long term, but just a little bit less reliable. Not reliable, but in terms of like ComA just sort of sorts out all scheduling and everything like that for you, whereas you have to manage yourself. Bit of a side tension there, you don't really need that right now anyway. It's been good. It's been many years of trying to make decisions, start fully committing, but also went to the doctor last week and found my weight has been creeping back up but that's a no for me, so it's time to go hard. I just want to be able to feel good about myself. wrong, you? A A step especially after trying so long and wanting to feel good in yourself is also one of the best models there is. When you've been trying to lose weight, what do you feel like has been the biggest struggle for you? Yeah, this is a great conversation, like great tonality and everything. So whoever she's got in your account, I'm doing very well. Back in 2018, I had a gastric sleeve surgery and I was around 840 kilos.
Meg Tovey: I waited for it two years before it Actually, as a total side note, I reckon this is so niche. And I don't know your opinion, but I feel like I was thinking this morning, I'd love to do some ads directly to people who have failed gastric sleeve surgeries. Like as in they've had the gastric sleeve and then put the weight back on over the years. Because we get heaps of those people come to us.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, yeah, it's a common thing. Absolutely. To a lot of women, get gastric sleeve surgeries that are normal.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, it's a  big, like, there's so many...
Kyle Musca: Facebook groups and  for it. Oh, okay. Yeah, absolutely. Cool thing about that type of stuff is like no one else will tap into it. You know what mean? It's a sort of an untapped territory. But also motivation, life is so busy and I'm just a nurse. One thing I did, again, whoever's conversating is doing really well at the moment. How many people do you reckon you've sold from ads total? Do you know?
Meg Tovey: Like ever?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: I could tell you. Why is that?
Kyle Musca: Because what I did, they basically got the setters to, maybe I might not do it for you, you if you have an OM, manager to do it. But I basically went through all the people that ever converted into a client. Not all of them like 50. Yeah, that's all. And then I basically just got them to copy the entire conversation into this document. So this is 50 conversations that all converted into paying clients. And then I re-uploaded that to the AI so it understands the sort of tonality and terminology and everything that it should be using.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because these are obviously what a good conversation looks like in terms of leading to an actual sale.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I can definitely do that. It's just loading how many it is.
Kyle Musca: The way I found to do that, by the way, because you can't really filter it that easily in miniature, is just copy the first part of their email up until the app. So, for example, if mine's kyle-muska-at-outlook.com, I would just copy kyle-muska-at and then post it into there because then it will filter for the conversation when they send that through.
Meg Tovey: In ManyChat.
Kyle Musca: We'll that. problem. will No Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Did she say that she was a nurse? She must have said it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I'm a nurse, so I put everything on else first.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, perfect. Okay, awesome.
Meg Tovey: 85 from ads. Wait, is this right? Oh, no, sorry, that's not including organic. Wait, what?
Kyle Musca: So this was a really good conversation that just died down. She should hopefully come back. What was that? That would have been like 9pm your time. So she might just be busy with work. Ideally, you'd think that she would come back.
Meg Tovey: Angus.
Kyle Musca: Sorry. Wrong button. I'm not working, but I'm a single mum and a full-time student.
Meg Tovey: Absolutely not.
Kyle Musca: One thing we could also do, I don't think we do it right now while the challenge is working so well, but with the lead magnets as well, I found that adding just a simple thing at the end of the flat, the end of the flow saying like, why are here? Are potentially looking at getting a coach? That's helped to sort of find the hand raises a little bit more. And then I think it goes into the conversation with a little bit more, I guess, honesty, because like what, you know, seems to happen is people get the lead and they're not stupid to the fact that you're a conversation. Conversating with them to try and lead them into, you know, something else.
Meg Tovey: Wait, sorry. I missed the first part of that. Was that for new followers or for who?
Kyle Musca: For lead magnets when we eventually, like, tap back into them. Again, I don't think we do it right now while the challenge is up. Let's just focus on that because it's crushing it. But, yeah, just adding a thing at the end. So it's like, here's the error framework. Oh, by the way, while you're here, are you potentially looking at getting a coach? And then it's like, you can do, like, hell yes. I did hell yes, potentially. Nah, I'm good. And then that just helps to get the people that, like, raise their hands, you know what I mean? Like, the actual. And then, as I was saying, goes into the conversation with a little bit more. It's just, like, honesty and transparency, you know what mean? Like, because otherwise, if they know that you're only conversating with them because you're about to  whip out a, you know, an upsell on them, then they're guards up. But if they've already sort of agreed to having that conversation, then it's, you know. Yeah. Um. Um. I don't that was that one, but it's fine, because I read, challenge, exercise, knowledge, guidance, working for time, it's been such an off journey, never took it serious, because as soon as life happens, my health goes out the door, biggest motivation for kids, I want to get rides on them, I'm playing in the park. I mean, like, even like this, because I know we did the mums at the very start, and this is just more so for an angle in the future, I wouldn't  die on this hill, but you could even say, like, you know, if you're a mum who's working full-time, you know, and you're working for 40 hours a week, you know, and then leading into how you're trying to juggle everything and your health's taken backseat, you because that way, yes, we will get mums, but ideally, they would be working full-time, to be able to invest into a coach, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: I kind of don't know if I want to go back there, because our best clients, Clients are not mums, like, as in the ones that get the best results, which obviously when they get a good result, they stay longer, they refer their friends. So, like, it's a longer-term play, obviously, but, like, the mums are just  annoying to coach. We have a lot of them. And the ones that are good are really good, but, like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I understand, but I don't touch fathers because they're similar.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, like, because obviously all the girls are, like, younger as well. Like, as in my coaches. There's also some mums that are like, oh, how old is this coach? Is it going to be a young , yeah, it's just, like, more. That's why I changed all the wording in the ads to say girls as well.
Kyle Musca: The ones that aren't mum, are they usually single?
Meg Tovey: No. Not necessarily.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Nah, I don't think so. A lot of them have, oh, some are, probably 50-50.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, again, these are Like just a slight little angle. Because again, the overall message is the same. This is where it comes into like the different angles that will work well with the Andromeda update. Because you could say like, you know, if you're a single woman in her 30s looking to strip, you know, 20 kilos, so you can feel more confident in yourself and then find a man that you actually want to be with. You know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You could come from that type of angle. These are just random things I'm picking up as we go. Biggest motivator is my kids. Wanting to ride them and play in the park without sitting down. Work night shift. It's hard to balance sleep, kids, sports, and everything in between. Warehouse admin rule. Busy warehouse admin rule.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that's a weird. Good one. It doesn't necessarily stop people from replying, but sometimes it sounds really  weird.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd maybe have a thing with the setters to say, like, obviously, if they say, like, a relatively unique job like that, like a night shift busy warehouse admin role, you know, maybe just say, you know, night shifts even though it would be fine.
Meg Tovey: I feel like that maybe jumped into it a little bit too soon, but I don't, like, into the, posing the call.
Kyle Musca: I mean, she's, you've created the gap here, so basically asked the goal question in a sense. I guess this is more of a motivator question. You've asked the struggle, their qualified job and things, so not really, to be honest.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yes. So with this, whenever they say I want to know the price, I basically say this, but I say like, so we come up with except where you're at, what you need, and then we can build you the most affordable plan possible.
Meg Tovey: So I say affordable. I have that in my script, so I'll just need to tell her to actually follow that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, this is a terrible response, but again, it's just those little true words. People like to hear affordable, but that doesn't relate to necessarily cheap. And then something I would do potentially, and this is a tricky one, I would probably get your setters to actually ask you, but like, you know, this girl has conversated with you and everything like that. I'm pretty sure at the start she said, you know, it's been such an on and off journey.
Meg Tovey: I know what you were going to say because we were talking about that last call. I've just added that into the script this morning and told them about it, like saying like, about how, if they mentioned anything about being too busy, motivated, unmotivated, or like, what was the other one? Like depression and that kind of .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, just challenging. It was like, I mean, I had a guy this morning that was like, I can't remember what he said, but he basically said like, you know, he doesn't want to do the core, he's too busy, some  like that. And the setter got confused and said like, you know, it's completely up to you, but, you know, might as well still have the core just to sort of point in the right direction. And he's like, okay, yeah, sure. It just sort like came right back around. So it's like obviously we don't want be like too pushy or salesy or anything like that. But I think, you know, not just sort of accepting whenever someone gives a surface level excuse type thing.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. What's their Instagram handle?
Kyle Musca: Is it that  long thing? Cine underscore Rose underscore Poonow.
Meg Tovey: Cine underscore Rose underscore. That sounds Indian.
Kyle Musca: It looks like TV or something.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's red. It's not looking good. And this girl, not too much you can do there, but she had such health issues. It's always those people. matter. That need the help the most, that don't do anything about it.
Meg Tovey: This is one of the chicks I just signed up. I don't know why it's not loading the latest messages.
Kyle Musca: That's probably another one, actually, you could do if you want to go on the gastric sleeve stuff, is medication that resulted in weight gain.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Good idea. But also sounds like a  headache.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's true.
Meg Tovey: Because it's all those chicks that are just victims to the medication and are not open to it being the fact that they just eat too much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, that's so true.
Meg Tovey: Definitely would get a lot of people in, but can't imagine they would be.
Kyle Musca: Very good to work with. To be fair, I mean, you signed this girl, so.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. She didn't really, when she, she didn't really talk about that much on the call, though.
Kyle Musca: And whole-grown foods, which makes it harder. I have to avoid whole-grown foods and base to.
Meg Tovey: She said the thing about the cost, too, and not wasting my time. So, slay.
Kyle Musca: This is a once-off by the looks of it, but I'll just be cautious sending that massive, or the set is sending that massive gap. Looks very AI-y.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I don't know where she's got that template from, because that's not even what I have in the script. But I don't want to change it completely, because that seems to be working. This one says, no worries, great question. Basically, everything we do is 100% custom-built, so it really depends on what you need, how long it's all going to take, and what's actually going to be involved in that process, and then based off that, I'll give you the most affordable price possible in brackets, which is what we're going to cover on the call. No conversation is ever a waste of time on my end, smiley face. So what parts out of that versus what she's written do you like?
Kyle Musca: I mean, I'm not unhappy with this by any means. Yeah, mean, I'm not, like, to be fair, they're all just variations of each other. It's just going to come down to whatever you feel like is the wording that suits you best.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: A little, not pet peeve of mine, but like, a little thing for me is like, probably telling not to do full stops, just because no one uses full stops in text.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's not, again, not the end of the world. Perfect, you tomorrow. Cool. Yeah, this girl seemed annoying.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I didn't even, I haven't, have I, was that what I messaged you about? Okay, I'm on bar now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I, I wouldn't, again, this, this is the type of client that would just end up being annoying. And this is more of a, like a, it's like an alpha male type of buying, like a consumer. Obviously, she's a female, but she's just trying to say, like, give me the price. That's the old thing I want to know. You kind of have to just pull them into a line, like, look, we don't want work like that. If you want to go work with a generic copy and paste company. Anywhere they just say, here's the price, see you later. That's absolutely fine. We work with girls on a closer level.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that's what I said at the end, I think, before I messaged you about it. But then she still, like, it kind of worked in the fact that she was like, wait, no, I do want to talk. But then I was like, I don't know, shut up. I just left it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you could try and obviously get her on and be like, you know, if this is something, you're serious about solving and you want to work closely with someone that actually cares about your success, happy to jump on a Zoom call. If that's not something you're willing to do, then I wish you the best of luck finding it, you know, best of luck. Just leave it like I'm not chasing you. You can  off if you don't like how we do things.
Meg Tovey: You're welcome. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So this guy booked in for a call as well. Fantastic. Oh, I might need to. need might You I mean, otherwise, it's very, you know, thank you for your Have a good day. This girl wasn't too keen. Yeah. For the conversations that actually do happen, that Jessie Jane one I've signed.
Meg Tovey: Oh, actually, that was the one that. Oh, yeah, she was the other challenge one that I signed.
Kyle Musca: So this one, I mean, whenever they're replying like this, it is a little bit weird. weird. It's quite Um... Yeah. Um... I See, this is, again, the fine line of just being, like, not just taking surface-level stuff. Like, at the end of the day, you know, these girls are coming to you because they want a coach to help and keep me accountable. You know, so it's like you can always just push back based off that, you know what mean? Like, you know, completely understand if you're busy, just putting my coaching hat on, you know, the longer we push this off, the less likely it will ever happen. So if you're serious about making a change, shoot me through your number. Let's lock in that time. Something like that, you know what I mean? Like, because at that point, you're going to lose them anyway. So it's like, you know, either get in line, start taking accountability, or, again, you're going to lose them anyway.
Meg Tovey: Can you just say what you just said that you would say so I can just write it down?
Kyle Musca: So I will get back to you saying, like, hey, yeah, no stress if you're busy at the moment. You know, putting my coaching hat on, I know that the longer we push this off, the less likely it will ever happen. So, you know, if you're actually serious about losing, what'd they say? If you're actually serious about losing that 20 kilos, 20 plus kilos, you know, so basically, if you're actually serious about goal, shoot me through that, shoot your number, so we can lock that time in.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just something like that.
Meg Tovey: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: It's just like a little bit of a pushback, you know what I mean? Because it's like, these people are just  awful with accountability.
Meg Tovey: Is that if they say, like, oh, I'm busy or whatever, or is that if they don't reply to the end?
Kyle Musca: I mean, it depends on the situation and where The conversations are like, that would obviously apply if, you know, you got to the call booking stage, but then they didn't send through their details or whatever.
Meg Tovey: Who's this person, Renuka? Because I've just put a couple of examples in the script, but I was kind of struggling with how to make it into one framework for the setter.
Kyle Musca: So I would, so one thing I've done is I've gone through and like basically made the whole setting process just like retard-proof just because I was trying to try and set this. So one thing I added to the scripts here is like something like this. So for every single stage, you know, after the reply, briefly acknowledge what they specifically said in a way it sounds like, you know, X, Y, Z messaging. I'm not going to go through that now, but you could add like a, I guess, a disclaimer for something like that. So it's like, if you do a, again, I'd have to sit down and like, look at this properly, but if you were going to add like some kind of challenge. Thing into it, you just have to clearly say like, you know, acknowledge, respond in a way that's not pushy or salesy, acknowledge what they said, but then also say something along the lines of, you know, putting my coaching and then basically you can then say something along the lines that keeps them accountable in order to move the conversation forward or something. Again, I'd have to sit down and probably like map it out, but something along those lines that you could feed it through the AI. So the AI knows how to respond dynamically. In the DMs, I basically just get added to the objection thing. You know, so I got to travel too much. So it's like, you know, it gets you a lot of people who do travel, lot of work, fly in, fly out, and that's actually strong points of what we do. Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So just adding.
Meg Tovey: You do just have like nuanced facts, different situation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and you just add them over time.
Meg Tovey: You know what mean? Yeah. Okay, cool. Because, yeah, I did. Can I show you just quickly what I've. Actually, that is helpful. Just seeing those different situations because I can just edit this then.
Kyle Musca: I'll send you the disclaimer. So I put that at every single stage. So essentially, I mean, I created a ton of training videos for the setters, but essentially they just copy that entire stage into the AI and then they listen through here. And then it can just reply straight away. But yeah.
Meg Tovey: Okay, I'll just edit these more. Let's Thank Specifically for each situation. Because I just, like, put these examples in, but I need to, like, obviously make them more specific. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what you'd avoid specifically mentioning cannibular motivation. I know you struggle with cannibular motivation, mentioning it too, because it's obviously massive. Yeah, so essentially what I would do is I'd like a disclaimer above, that, and then, so essentially what you'd want to do is copy the entire conversation so the AI understands, you know, what the person has said and the context, and then copy the disclaimer and this into the next part, say, like, basically saying, this is the bones of the reply, and I want you to obviously dynamically personalize the response based off what they've said.
Meg Tovey: Okay. To make examples for the setter.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, you wouldn't even really, it depends how good the, so if you, let me share my screen again. So basically, I got mine to this. I'm going change this. All right, and then, where is it? Oh, maybe it's in here. Yeah. So, for example, you should be able to go up here. I add in a very quickly show. All right, and then I'm sure I'll just go into here. So I've got a master prompt that basically tells it what to do. And then from there, I could copy, let me go up here. So you copy everything from the start there all the way down to where they give their height, that way. And age, so user, scripts. Hey, Quinn, had a look through answers, struggling with knowledge and guidance. We're trying to build muscle, something I see quite a lot. 24, 6 for 2 and 85 kilos is actually a solid base to work with too, got good potential. And then it's the same concept, obviously, we wouldn't send the hyphen, but it would be the same concept. So, for example, if I got, you know, further through the conversation and then, you know, let's say it got to there and then he said, you know, whatever, that's when you could copy what you have in there with the disclaimer to say how to challenge it, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, you just, you said... And she just copied the entire conversation in.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Can do. That was a very speedrun version of what, but I didn't want that.
Meg Tovey: That's right. I'll do that with a couple of those ones from that we spoke about last time because I wrote down what you said and then I'll just need to bulk it out a bit more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: And then let's keep building it out, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I found the disclaimer thing that I added helped massively in terms of how to formulate the reply. So I did have to play around with it quite a bit while I sent it through you, so it should be fine. But you might need to do a reworded version if you're going to do it for challenging certain things.
Meg Tovey: I'm just reading it. I feel like I need one that's more for that specific stage.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I wouldn't use that for, like, if you were going to challenge them off, you know, continuing to move the conversation forward because they said they're busy or something like that. I would reword it specifically for challenging and keeping them accountable.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Yeah. Anything else that you want to cover at all?
Meg Tovey: No, not at all. I need to put that note down and that's the...
Kyle Musca: Okay. Well, yeah. I think the ads are pulling in a really good cost per lead. The leads themselves seem really good quality, which is fantastic. So what I'll do is as long as performance stays steady, I'll just keep ramping it up and it will just go hard as long as the returns are.
Meg Tovey: Play. Thanks so much.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. No worries. All right. Keep me updated with how you go and chat to soon.
Meg Tovey: See you later.
Kyle Musca: See you. Bye.


>>> 121/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-11T06:35:21Z | id:128876013
People: Kyle Musca

Callum Hinze: Which is good, like they've just rescheduled. This meeting is being recorded. So I reckon I still think us setting up that little video thing, the pre-call videos probably worked.
Kyle Musca: I am, yeah.
Callum Hinze: If they can't make it, instead of ghosting, they're just going, hey, let's reschedule it. It's always just because I'm held back at work or whatever the case is. But yeah, otherwise, still good. I think we signed four or five last week, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. How are things looking this week so far?
Callum Hinze: I signed two this week so far. I actually have had a few more, I think three now, come through from the lead magnet. But they've all just been a bit colder. Like they've been either not the funds available or I had a guy today who was like, oh, I don't, I'm like really happy with my progress. I don't need coaching. All right, fair enough. So they're coming through, but they're just not as ready to sign by the looks of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, I mean, this will be a, just sort of a bit of a testing process. Like we're getting... You know, people on the actual calls now, which is fantastic. And it's just a matter of converting. Now, that's the other thing with the lead magnets. Theoretically, we should get more volume through, but there will be slightly, like, well, there will be less intent overall. So, you know, if we can get the calls there and we can get the conversions there, then fantastic. But we'll need the numbers to actually see what that is. How you, you said you got heaps of new organic content. And when do you reckon you'd able to slap CTAs?
Callum Hinze: I can probably slap that on the Sabo. just got it on, Morgan's been editing it for me, so it's on her account. But I just simply got to add some wording on it because I've been using those as a, like, the CTA has just been direct to coaching. So I just, you wanted CTAs for the lead magnet, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially what we did last time.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I'd be a matter of just sort of getting that off her and put some words on so I can do that pretty quick.
Kyle Musca: I think for the lead magnets as well, like, the videos are pulling through. Really good cost per lead, but I think we actually got some graphics up there. We should pull a lot more people through. Like I find that the graphics or just like static images and stuff work just better overall for lead bangers.
Callum Hinze: That's one thing I haven't done, but that's easy. I was going to do one of this, the actual cover photo of the actual program thing itself, like you showed of yours. And then just a few more and other photos are fine.
Kyle Musca: Hey, just check it out. Yeah, so like, you know, maybe it might be a photo of you with like a little screen, like a little snapshot of the cover overlay or something like that. I think, yeah, I sent them through in the chat last week.
Callum Hinze: I do have them there, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So just play around with it, make them your own style and everything like that. It should be good. But I'll be keen to see how they go because when we come into one, let's just do, are you separating the leads still?
Callum Hinze: Between the... So Lead Magnet and the Direct?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I remember two this week, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful.
Callum Hinze: Oh, you know what? No, I only put down the Direct ones. I just didn't put in the Lead ones in the CEO dashboard.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful. So that's, I mean, as long as we're not taking that data, waiting for him. Hang on, I'm just going to chat to this guy. Perfect. All right. Let's go. Filter. Tag. Subscribed. For the ninth. Now we've got 23 total, which I think is good. A little bit less there, but that's fine. Now the ad spend, was that purely off direct?
Callum Hinze: That was just off direct, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool.
Callum Hinze: There's still been a relative amount of people coming through considering it's been split from direct.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, mean, it's still good there. Meta seemed to have gone through some issues in the last week or so. So apparently they had major issues from the third. And then I started to experience that pretty heavily towards the back end of last week and early this week. It just seemed to have spiked lead costs across pretty much the board for everyone's account. So your graphics were doing extremely well. They have creeped up a little bit. Not going to sort of turn any of them off because, again, they were doing really, well. So as long as Meta sorted  out, should hopefully return back to normal. But you can see the intent here is really good. Like the... 30, 35%, 35% back there. So we're constantly sitting between, I mean, that's what, 30, probably 33, 34% on average for booking a lead ratio, which is fantastic. Cost per booking, good. Calls taken, it's three. Show up rate was not good.
Callum Hinze: Is that the reschedules you're talking about? Yeah, I think there was only one or two no-shows. Maybe only one, lots of reschedules.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's going to, obviously, not take that into consideration, but that should make up for it this week here, as long as they do show up for the calls. Closers, and then two closers out of that, yeah, so.
Callum Hinze: There's actually one I forgot to put in, there was one more through ads that I forgot to actually add. So that was five sales total for the week.
Kyle Musca: From the second to the ninth?
Callum Hinze: Yes. Yeah, I think I only jotted down four, but that was five.
Kyle Musca: all Yeah. Yeah. uh, Um, so how many calls came from the ads?
Callum Hinze: Uh, sales from the ads was, I think, three.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Callum Hinze: Rather than two.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And so you took three calls from the ads and you sold them all?
Callum Hinze: Must have been the case. Yeah. Yeah. There just heaps of reschedules. One, two. Yeah. So not bad at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's good, man. So it means the intent of the marketing, the messaging, everything is dialed. Um, obviously that's the only red flag at the moment, but if they reschedule, then it's fine.
Callum Hinze: Um, you can see the majority that come through direct ads are just, they sign at least most.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, we're really refining the messaging, which is fantastic. Like, obviously, you know, when, when you get started, you test and then you, you figure out who's really going to be attracted to, to you. Um, and you know, we've done a good job of understanding now that it seems to be dudes as we've been speaking about, um, looking for. Thank Physical attributes, more goal-orientated. And they like, you know, hearing about, you know, getting a six-pack, gaining muscle, building out their physique more than, you know, weight loss and  mental health and all that stuff.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I think on calls, like I recently just been asking them like, hey, what's, why have you reached out? And a lot of them are mentioning, they've just seen the videos. So I think the videos are converting to actual bookings more than the graphics.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So you still got Clamade doing it, hey?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it depends on, so videos will always do better if people watch them and you're getting good cost per lead because they're going to be more bought in. You know, they actually have to watch the video. Yeah. That doesn't really make sense because the video ads themselves haven't been doing. Mm-hmm. Crazy good.
Callum Hinze: Is that the new ones or the, are the new ones up yet? Or is that the old ones?
Kyle Musca: So I believe, yeah, I turned these, is it these three? Yeah, I turned these off because these were the ones that we had running, but they were just creeping way too high in terms of cost per lead. So, but I only got these up, yeah, 7th of March is when this really got up and running, but that's all these new ones. Yeah. Now, I don't even know if we've had any leads through there. Yeah, it hasn't spent much at all. I actually just changed that today to make sure that it spent at least 30% of the overall spend because it just didn't spend anything.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we'll see how they go.
Callum Hinze: Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Otherwise, did you get a chance? So read the new scripts that I sent through?
Callum Hinze: I haven't had a read through yet, but I do have them there.
Kyle Musca: I'll probably film that tomorrow. Yeah. What I would definitely recommend doing with those scripts, anytime I send you through any kind of that marketing stuff, is just proofreading and then just like, well, one, I left you to add actual client details of clients you worked with because I'm not 100% sure on that stuff. But I would reword it to make sure that, you know, it's coming authentically from you, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because, again, the more authentic we can make it, the better it's going to be for you because, like, I don't even script my own ads anymore. I just sort of, sit down and follow the framework, and I find that just makes every ad one totally unique to me because, like, everyone else is using AI and stuff, and I just don't even get influenced by what AI is going to try and spit out. And two, as long as you're sort of aware, they all come out completely different, if that makes sense. So, for example, yesterday I sat down. And I focus purely on talking to guys that work 40, 50 plus hours a week, but still want to strip 10 to 20 plus kilos of fat. You know what mean?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you can kind of look at your own angle, like again, completely unique. And then what you can see here is the graphics. These were sitting at like 35 bucks last week, even lower. So you can see that they climbed quite a lot. That's a very large spike to happen in a week. And I very much assume that that's probably more so metas just  the bed completely and  up its delivery. So hoping that comes right back down. To be fair, this one's still pulling through. Maybe we may look at getting some new graphics up here soon, but again, I just want to see how these, you know, continue to go over the next couple of days.
Callum Hinze: Yep. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of that stuff at all?
Callum Hinze: Nah, that's all straightforward.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Beautiful. Beautiful. Now, one thing I would really love to do. So, come in here, and come in to lead mag, qualified, oh, f**k my nose. That's, oh, right, interested in coaching, yeah, cool. So, I'm not sure if he's told Colme about this, but if she filters by this, this will mean, like, the filters by lead mag, interested in coaching. That's obviously everyone that's clicked on that, many chat flows that put their hand up. These are, you know, really good, they should be really good conversations. Not really good conversations, but.
Callum Hinze: I did have to follow up with her a this week because there was some just random stuff in the lead mags that just worded really, really awkwardly, but she said she'd fix that.
Kyle Musca: I don't know what happened here with the double sending, but that look like it killed that conversation. Program, this guy's come in a few times before. The other thing I would do here as well is now that it's built up a bit of time, we'll check this. I can even check this. So you've got 95 people here, man. I would, you know, even come and magic hat these guys and just make sure that you've obviously, what I would do 100% is if you are going to magic hat, or do anything like this in the future, which we will. Then I would make sure that Clame or the set is adding tags for people that we've already magic hatted or anything like that, just to make it a lot clearer on obviously who and who we don't do that to moving forward. But there's 95 people sitting here. So, I mean, like you should definitely get some calls generated out of that if you do it. Cool thing about those as well as like, you know, they might've got the resource and, you know, you That sort of information-gathering stage of all doing myself, but now that time, some time has elapsed or eloped, whatever, you know, they may be more open to the idea of, , I need, you know, a coach to help me with this then.
Callum Hinze: Yep. The Magic House stuff worked really well as well, even just for the non-converted ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like you could, three weeks ago, you could let it build up a little bit more if you wanted to, but. Because we've only really been doing it for about a month, but, you you could even just do it monthly, to be fair.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: That's, that's something I would probably, yeah, recommend doing. Yep. Essentially, it depends on how long you want to build it up for, but. Cool. I'm back into this. So this guy booked in a call. Was this the guy that's saying he's making real. He could progress on his own.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. We had a mad chat and the whole time he was just sort going on about how, are you talking about Aaron?
Kyle Musca: Nick.
Callum Hinze: Oh, Nick, sorry. Yeah, Nick. Yeah. Yeah. He was just sort of wanted to talk about how well his progress has been going, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Did you challenge him on that?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I did. And he's like, nah, I don't need to change anything. And we got a little bit of back and forth and got him thinking about it, but he just wasn't really interested.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, he might hit a plateau and come back, to be fair. You just challenge him in that situation, just like, one, to not waste your time as well. Be like, man, like, I mean, if you're, you know, making good progress and everything like that, and, you know, you're doing well from the sounds of things, are you sure you even want to look at getting a coach to help you really take things to the next level?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. We should have a conclusion where he's like, oh, like, I'll come back and we'll touch base later on. So he'll be more just to follow up at end, really.
Kyle Musca: Bye. Bye. Bye. Yeah, that would just help cut the conversation out quicker because he would have said like, oh, no, I probably don't need to. I'm doing well.
Callum Hinze: And at the end of the day, like you can't sell something to someone that doesn't actually want it. You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: It was just hard to find any sort of pain point because he was stoked with his progress. So I was like, all right. Yeah. I mean, yeah, you can't really do much in that situation. But him losing 12 kilos in a month, I would, you know, obviously more than likely say he's probably just gone super restrictive or he's just dropped a ton of water weight. And eventually like that will catch up to him and he will hit a wall where he can't go any further. So just leaving the conversation open for him to come back is a good idea.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I pretty much told him, at least in the meantime, if you're not wanting to do coaching, at least push your calories up a bit. And he's like, yeah, I've done that now.
Kyle Musca: So he's not dying. I wouldn't even say that. You know what mean? Like let them  hit the wall on their own. And then, you know, again, you're going to be the savior. They can come in and just clean up for them.
Callum Hinze: fair call.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So this is more of a setting thing here, but like one thing I've included whenever I ask that call question is I couldn't do it right now. Let's line up a call because something like this will happen where it's like too easy.
Callum Hinze: I'm going to work at the moment. I'll call you after.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And it kind of like kills the conversation where it's like, couldn't do it right now, bro, but how about we jump in a call tomorrow afternoon? You know what mean?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then it just goes, yeah, yeah, sweet. You know what mean? And 6pm would see better. I mean, still got there in the end. Yep. Have you just spoken to this guy?
Callum Hinze: Which one's that?
Kyle Musca: This guy is Bradley.
Callum Hinze: Bradley? No. Bradley?
Kyle Musca: Oh, this was 20 hours ago.
Callum Hinze: Friday, I think. Bradley Mawson?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's the one.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, he's booked for Friday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So that's the other thing I would do. Is When they prompt the question of jumping on a call, I've also added in, you know, preferably outside of work or driving so we can, you know, give it your full attention because then you can see the thing here, you know, I thought it was normal phone call. I'll be driving home then.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We don't want them driving. They'll be too distracted and we won't be able to properly talk to them.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, Friday.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, too easy. Appreciate it sorting out. The setter also needs to finish the post-booking flow. Oh, I guess he did, to be fair. He already sent that. Yeah, that's when you, yeah, that's when that video would come in handy.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Are you talking for Bradley still?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. He did, to a degree, finish the post-booking flow. Um, Alan, did you sign Alan?
Callum Hinze: Alan.
Kyle Musca: Alan Witters.
Callum Hinze: Nah, he was one that just didn't have funds.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Callum Hinze: Did he get off the call? No, Alan, sorry. Alan, who's Alan?
Kyle Musca: You sent him the Newey link yesterday.
Callum Hinze: Oh, yeah, nah, he was a, didn't have funds for it.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What ended up having it? Did he just get off the call or?
Callum Hinze: Pretty much, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I love it.
Callum Hinze: There wasn't really too much I could object with. I was like, okay, well, if you can't do it, you can't do it.
Kyle Musca: What was he doing for work?
Callum Hinze: Some trade sort of thing. What was it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that is civil, TOX, builders and landscapers. I mean, he should have had funds. Why did he say he didn't, what was his reason, like, for not having money?
Callum Hinze: What was his reason? I think he said he just had a kid or he said a new baby or something like that. He was there. He was another one of those ones that's not, I don't know, do you ever get those ones that aren't really that committed? They sort of almost just want have a chat, but they're not really too fussed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so anytime you get that, like, in terms of, like, he wasn't giving you enough information. Yeah, so anytime you get that, like, favorite thing, it's basically you just say word for word every time. It's usually in the emotional phase is if they're not giving you much, you just say, like, well, you know, to be honest, man, it doesn't really seem like it's that big of an issue to you.
Callum Hinze: Be sure you even want to look at getting a coach to help. Fix this.
Kyle Musca: Because what happens then is you just pull back from them. So you immediately remove all sales tension or anything like that and they'll drop their guard and they'll have to start telling you why they want to coach or you just end the call there. Usually they'll start telling you why they need a coach. But if it's someone like, you know, Nick, for example, then you just end the call there because there was no way you were going to sign them anyway.
Callum Hinze: Like they're already happy doing what they're doing. Yeah, that's fair enough. Smart.
Kyle Musca: This guy should definitely do with a follow-up. Patrick?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'll leave that as I'm ready. And then Julian. Did Julian sign?
Callum Hinze: Yes, Julian sign, mate.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so he came from the lead, mate. lead. So, I mean, as long as they put their hand up for coaching, man.
Callum Hinze: it was Lee, man. It was Julian Lee, man. Yeah, Julian Ryan came in from a league. Oh, there you go. Yeah, true. Well, that's the first Lee, Sign up. True.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, man. There's definitely merit here, bro. Like, if we can get more volume through this system, it could be a really sort of , like, an untapped goldmine. Because that one converted into a call. He needs a follow-up. That one got onto a call. That one's gone to a call. That one went onto a call. And then this one only died because I think the setter sent this twice, which looks weird as. But otherwise, that's almost a 50%. That's more than 50% booking.
Callum Hinze: I've also found, I don't know if it's the same on ManyChat, but when I review these on GoHighLevel, often it'll, like, say that the messages come through twice. But then I'll have a look on Instagram. you. And it hasn't. I don't know if it's a glitch, but...
Kyle Musca: It might be GoHala, I don't think many check glitches that much.
Callum Hinze: True. I mostly just check GoHala for it, but...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I reckon things are doing well. Like, the direct response is doing well. I think our ultimate goal should be to try and get this system fully pumping before the... Ideally, those graphics come back down in terms of cost per spend. Per result, per lead. Now that hopefully meta sorted that  out. But I think if we can get this system to work with the lead, Magnus, man, you will... You'll be pumping.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You mean? Because right now, I mean, it's, you know, obviously very dependent on... If we can get enough volume through it, what we'll end up doing probably is taking the qualifying, the conversion API away from that per se key... And putting it on like this one here. So we'll filter by people that actually say they're potentially keen on coaching. I haven't done that yet because I just want more people through. But like, as you can see, man, that's sent to 24 people and overall seven, eight people have messaged through. So that's like a third of people that end up saying that they are actually keen on coaching.
Callum Hinze: True.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, I would love to just get these up more because these are sitting at a cost per liter, less than an hour actually, they come back down. Yeah, under $20. And I think graphics will probably pull through even lower.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, that's all really for this week, man. If we could just get more videos up and more and some graphic content up and just pump that for you.
Callum Hinze: Awesome. Awesome. Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Super man. The only other thing on that as well is you may want to do. Just create a copy of the CEO dashboard and just do it for lead mags just so we can see the actual numbers that come through the lead mags from an ad's perspective.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: That would be really good as well because then we can compare the two, obviously, to direct and we actually see the numbers in terms of cost per bookings and cost per acquisitions and everything.
Callum Hinze: Doing that right as I speak because I'll forget it.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful.
Callum Hinze: Lead mag. Awesome.
Kyle Musca: That's exciting, man, because that's starting to generate good conversations and good calls for you. So if we can crack that, man, the world's your  oyster.
Callum Hinze: Beautiful. All right. It is good. I didn't actually realize that Julian was a – I didn't remember that Julian was a lead mag who signed up. So now there's some evidence that we're getting through on it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, it's getting better. It's one of those things that's just marketing. You've just got to test it, see where there are points of conflict, and then just sort of resolve them until the system. So although it's a little bit of time and spending up front, if you can get something like that working, it's like it will 100% reap its return in the future.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. So these CTA videos I'll do up are purely for that same lead magnet, the same program thing?
Kyle Musca: I reckon.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. All right.
Kyle Musca: One thing as well is I would start putting together, like we'll keep it very simple and easy with the five-day split now. But I think something like you, a  masterclass where it's like 15, 20, 30 minutes of you just sitting down and talking about, you know, drivers of muscle growth and yada, yada, yada, and basically just sprinkling in. That's exactly what I do with the guys that join, you know, Hinze Physiques and everything like that. You know, if you want a free strategy, call, book it in down below. And obviously having a way of pre-qualifying that, that would go really hard for you. So that's eventually where I see this evolving too, but I just want to keep it really nice and simple right now until we, you know, figure out the entire funnel and maximize conversion off it.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yeah. See, easy one.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right. Anything else you want to touch base on at all?
Callum Hinze: No. I was going ask that out of random curiosity.
Kyle Musca: I was talking to Jarrah the other day and he was running through.
Callum Hinze: He's starting to use like some AI assistant thing. Do you use any of that for yourself to help just keep stuff convenient?
Kyle Musca: I'm in chats with, I've used, it's called Charlie AI and it took me like 12 grand to build it out. And then like six months of going back and forth and it was an absolute nightmare. And then an extra three months to get the post-booking flow. So I kind of scrapped it all together just because it wasn't worth the like cost and loss spent. There was merit in terms of, it was doing the, it was doing the like first conversation all the way up into the booking and call really well, but then like it just wouldn't connect. So essentially what I needed to do was kill that bot and then activate a post-booking bot. But the people I was working with absolutely sucked. Like they're just. And they couldn't figure that out. So I'm talking to the guy that actually like develops the software for it. So it's not an external company. And I'm going to test that back out because if that works, it responds within 20 seconds to two minutes, I believe, every single time, just works around the clock for you. And they fully build out all the post-booking flows. Sorry, they build out all the different pipelines. So if someone cancels or they, you know, reschedule on no-show, for example, it just goes straight into a new, new bot to like get them back in. So I'm chatting to him about it. I have used one before. It was a nightmare because more so the people that I was going through were just  useless. There was merit for it. If I can get it to work, I literally have a chat with him tomorrow. If I can get it to work, then I can essentially like resell it onto you, basically.
Callum Hinze: Have you, have you used any like AI, like, I don't know, like AI agent or whatever? More so for, like, just, like, assistant role stuff rather than just DM setting. I'm very, like, rookie. don't really know what I'm talking about, but I found it intriguing.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't use it for anything fulfillment-wise because if someone cottons on to, you know, if someone's paying you a considerable amount and they cotton on to the fact that you're using AI to respond, it's probably pretty much a guaranteed cancellation.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: That's true.
Callum Hinze: It's fine line, hey.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's, like, I probably wouldn't do it for that.
Callum Hinze: It's, with me, everything's through Loom videos and stuff anyway, so I can't really, I wouldn't be able to do it. I just found it interesting to, sort of, get people's insiders to be, if people are using it or not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the only time I could see that coming into play is, like, for a low-ticket thing for, like, what Chris does, you know, Chris Williams?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Where he just does a real low-ticket app with that. AI, but, you know, one, low ticket's not good because you need a ton of volume to actually get it to work. And even that, people come to coaching, like, one of the reasons I see coaching not being taken over by AI as much is because it's not necessarily information people are coming to you for, it's the accountability and the humanization that comes from it. You know what mean? Like, no one, like, if you haven't tracked your calories and stuff and you just have to report to  ChatGPT at the end of the week, it's just going to agree with you anyway. You know what mean? That's not, you know, people don't struggle with getting the information. The information's been out there on the internet for the last 10 years. You know what I mean? People come to human coaches because they want the accountability and they want to work with someone like an actual human. So you could do it for setting, definitely, potentially. I wouldn't do it for fulfillment, though.
Callum Hinze: So, yeah. No, I wouldn't. I feel bad doing it for actual, like, coaching. Coaching services. just more like an acquisition and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Even with, I asked Jared the other day, actually, about this.
Callum Hinze: He's spending $3,500 a month.
Kyle Musca: He was calling it $5,000 to build out and then $3,500. If you're getting the volume there for it, you know, like there's, you know, merit. But again, that would only come down to the fact of if you were for some reason spending more than $3,500 a month on human setters.
Callum Hinze: Otherwise, you might as well just have human setters in there. Yeah, that's true. That's very true.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I'll keep you updated on it. But I wouldn't, yeah, I wouldn't, I wouldn't obviously plug it in because I've just had the biggest nightmare. So I wouldn't plug it into anyone else's businesses until I was like absolutely confident that it worked.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's fair. Very fair.
Kyle Musca: And even then, it might not even make sense from a cost perspective because I think it's like, I think they want two or three grand a month anyway.
Callum Hinze: Fair bit. Yeah. Fair cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Come on.
Kyle Musca: Anything else to touch on?
Callum Hinze: Nah, everything else I think is all. We're pretty happy days.
Kyle Musca: Still been a good few weeks of sales, so run with it. Sick, man. All right. We'll keep on that. And then, yeah, as soon as you've got those video and graphics for the lead, just send them through.
Callum Hinze: I'll get them up and keep pushing that. Man. All right. Happy days. Thanks for the whole time. Cheers, man. I will chat to you soon. All right. Thank you. Speak soon. Bye.


>>> 122/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-11T09:45:38Z | id:128896304
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: How has this week been going overall, meeting is being recorded.
Arran Humphreys: Overall, man, pretty solid week as in revenue-wise, even with reoccurring and stuff. We got over 10. It was like 11.6, which was sick. Closing, I only got one off ads. We didn't get, I only closed one off ads from the one call that I got off ads. So I had a heap of no-shows. You'll see it on that CEO dashboard. Now, and I went through myself a little bit and looked at like, you know, what went on. Just a couple, just lads, just, there was a one, two of them just making excuses. So it wasn't even like, they just went ghost. They just made like, oh, my daughter's sick today. Oh, my son's sick today. Like, just not to get on the  call. And then just to, then. And we just had a few no-show as well. But organically, we had three, three, and I closed three for three, which was good. Yeah, okay. But all in all, I was pretty happy with the week.
Kyle Musca: What was the contract value you sold that guy on, the one from Ads?
Arran Humphreys: Let me have a look. That was, yeah, that was even  too. That was 120, 125, I had to go to weekly. And it was a, oh, I didn't type that in there. That was a six-month program. So three grand.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, that was that one you told me about, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I just, I just updated that in that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay.
Arran Humphreys: See ya.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, what happened is meta just had some , obviously,  going on in the back end, which they didn't inform us about, which was nice. And I saw it kind of like tank across my account and pretty much everyone else's account, particularly towards like the back end of last week and start of this week. It seems to have slightly improved today, so I'm just sort of keeping a very close eye on it, see how we go. Hopefully, it does improve and fix some  soon, though.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Just as in, it just went a bit funny. Yeah, just like  up the delivery.
Kyle Musca: Just, I don't know if it wasn't showing anyone or it just wasn't showing the right people at all or what, because, yeah, just like  basically just a stalemate across mine and most other people's accounts, some people's. Seem to be unaffected by it. What tends to happen there is like they'll have different accounts on different, I don't even know what you'd call it, but like, so for example, some accounts will get features earlier than other accounts. So it's like, you know, if like they're doing something to one part of the algorithm that's applied to, you know, XYZ accounts, then those accounts will be  up if something happens. Pretty cool. It's just meta being meta. Yeah, that's all, yeah, again, itself out and improves over the next couple of days. With the no-shows and everything like that, did you, you got all the automation set up, you sent out the pre-call message and everything like that?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, we sent out the pre-call message. I do my voice memo to them and like follow it up. And I've got that, like, it wasn't really working. It was like, it was, the go-high level was... It's been a bit , but I've got old mate to go and fix it for me. So he's making, fixing that flow up to do it. Beautiful. So he's removed it and then he's redoing it. I think it's the fellow you sent me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the Joseph guy. He's fixing it. Yeah, so just double check that those SMSs are going out. What will happen, man, is, yeah, people  lazy, especially working fly-and-fly-out and everything like that. If they've got something on or, you know, they forget about it, like, that is going to make up an excuse as to why they can't get on. You've got the pre-call video filmed, hey?
Arran Humphreys: I do, yeah. And that was something I was going to ask you about. Like, I've got the pre-call video. I've seen some lads, like, they have, like, a bit of, like, a landing page. It's, like, it's, like, a go high level. You click on it. It's, like, a , it's, like. Like , like our VSL video, and they can scroll down. It's like just a bit more of an in-depth thing. Like they have client testimonials and . I don't know what's your thoughts on is simpler, better. And it's just like, here's a video where I watch it. Or should we, should I try and make something a bit more deadly? I don't know.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you could make it. It just depends on, you how much sort of effort and everything like that you really want to put into it. A couple of things on that. Like one, just, I don't think the spend, like the cost involvement is really kind of worth it unless you've got the, you know, funds to spend on it. Two, I mean, like, not really. I mean, as long, the video kind of does that, you know, the video shows the social proof and everything like that. You kind of want to limit distractions.
Arran Humphreys: It's one of those things you could do it. just don't see the value in really kind of doing it. If that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. No, that does make sense, man. I think sometimes simpler is probably better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, like you just got to, again, see if it's worth the return and worth, you know, putting effort into it essentially. And it's like by that point, you know, they watch the video and stuff. Like if they scroll down, see some testimonials that it could help. But if you really wanted to do that, a better option would be just to get like testimonials and stuff like that. And then we can just set up a really like cheap retargeting campaign that basically just goes and shows it to everyone that's messaged in the last seven days. So essentially what would happen is they, when they're scrolling, you know, they come past a video ad saying like, oh yeah, I worked with Aaron. And he's like the  man. He helped me like lose 10 kilos in 12 weeks. And he just seemed like he actually really cared about my success and everything. So you could do that. I would probably opt with, opt in for that over, you know, putting it on a landing page. With a pre-school, a post-school video.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Yeah, right. Yeah, well, maybe that's something I'll try and do. Like, I will get a few more video testimonies. can, like, target it to people that have messaged you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So that's pretty simple. It's like, when I've done it in the past, I've spent, like, $2 per video per day, and maybe you have, like, you know, five videos up. So it's like $10 a day, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'd be keen to do something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if you've got the video testimonies, then definitely let me know.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And we can get them up. So, another 10K week, which is good.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, it was killer, Organic video's gone hard. Playing no comment. We're sitting at, as of today, like, uh, Um, yeah, as of today, we've seen that.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you've lagged, yes.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, sorry, bro.
Kyle Musca: What was that? missed that one.
Arran Humphreys: I, um, as of today, on the four, like last four weeks, it's in that 41,000.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Nice. Nice.
Arran Humphreys: That's pretty good, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's not bad. Um, with, yeah, we've already spoken about the ads, spoken about the VSL. Yeah, how is, um, old mate doing in the DMs? he doing well, but have you properly read through them?
Arran Humphreys: He's, I've been looking at a few. He's been doing like, he really hasn't had that many conversations. He's station. To be honest, as of yet, but what I have seen from him has been pretty good. He was reaching out to like  heaps of people, like that one video that I got went viral, the one video I went viral, and it, my ManyChat automated sent him recipes. He was sending them like, how you going, like checking in, and I was like, oh bro, like these haven't even really. Showed interest before, but at least he was doing something. I'll give it that. He was trying to work and do something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%.
Arran Humphreys: I mean, it was. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's have a gaze here. He's tagging them as well, which is good.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I told him. So we jumped on a call before he started, and I said, hey, man, like, can you start tagging them? So it's easier for us to actually see. Because the others weren't doing that? Yeah, this was this, he  had no money, so I like, I signed him up and everything. I signed him up. I had a call with him and everything.
Kyle Musca: And then he was like, I had him on a delay payment. And then I was like, oh, I can't be  with an argument. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Because he obviously wasn't going to have the money in his account and he would have just bounced. He seemed like he had no money really on the call, but I just sold him pretty good. So I made him sign up.
Kyle Musca: I mean, that's a positive.
Arran Humphreys: Not a delayed payment.
Kyle Musca: What did you Yeah. Ranger work, mowing and landscaping. He should have had the money. I think you're spending money on your fat girlfriend, aren't I? Yeah. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm trying to see where, yeah, that's Nadine.
Arran Humphreys: It will be hard to look because he, I think he may have booked this Jack dude. I think he may have booked, I closed this Jack fella this week. I think he booked him in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful.
Arran Humphreys: Probably would have been me started, and then he would have taken over.
Kyle Musca: You should have met Saki even here before.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I mean, that still sounds natural, even here before. Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
Kyle Musca: Ah, yeah. Well, you're open to achieve it from Darwin and getting to it, you know. So, with this, I don't like when they do this, when it kind of answers it for them, like, get leaner, drop some weight or something else. Um. This is the, okay, so yeah, you've already answered the specific goal question. Yeah, so I mean, this is probably just like a learning curve for him, he re-asked the goal question.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I didn't really stop it.
Kyle Musca: Like, still asked it in a way that didn't sound like you were just re-asking the same question, but he should have just gone straight into, you know, But I really guess I always see a post with the right food, and I think that makes something I'd be hope. Okay. I mean, to be fair, actually, no, he's probably in the right, because this guy just didn't even  answer the question. Yeah, so I mean, fair play to him, to be fair. So, definitely getting leaner. I just don't like when they answer the question for them, you know what I mean? what? Leave it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Let them answer it without putting  in their head because if you say getting leaner, know, drop weight, he's just going to say, yeah, getting leaner, where it's like, I want a tangible answer or I want him to tell me something that, you know, is unbiased, essentially. Yeah. Adding some muscles to solve the goal, definitely do it with the right system, structure in place, number one, yeah. What do you think has been holding you back from getting there and what do you feel like you need most right now to make it happen? Yeah, cool. Adding a man in there, nice. I feel, I really feel like it's a big thing, I do diesel fitter out in the mines, but I do train, I love diesel fitters, by the way, I always seem to have the money.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Petting a show, night shift, train motivated, no, yeah, makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: See, that was good, I was happy when he said that.
Kyle Musca: was like, night shift can definitely make food and training harder, stay on top of things, I already work with you guys in the same situation, so I get it. Yeah, cool, I mean, that's great conversating, like.
Arran Humphreys: Mm Hmm, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Couldn't do it right now, but have a good lineup call. I think that probably, yeah, yeah, definitely. Easy, bro, that's perfect, good deal. Yep, sick. Yeah, no, that's  awesome.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I was pretty happy with that. And then it was just the next day, and then I just followed up in the morning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, okay. Cool, man. So what we've got now, we're on the challenge ones. We've got, I would definitely recommend continuing to film more challenge ones. Like, you'll film your challenge ones there. That's three videos. We'll get some graphics up for it. Technically, everything we've done should be fine for the challenge. But, like, again, I'd love to get you into the, into the habit of... ... ... Doing some scripts just off the top of your head.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I'm going to give that a go while I'm here too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's like, we'll keep doing scripts and everything like that. But if you can just obviously double up with some self-generated ones, I find it just, everything just comes off so much  better. As soon as you read something that's like AI, then you're just like, obviously hooked on that wording and that angle. But if you can just sort of sit down and just sort of  think about the top of your head, it would just sort of flow natural. I find, like I filmed some yesterday, I found the first one, like getting into it was like  rough. But once you do sort of like one, then you're just  good from that point onwards.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'd be keen to see how they could turn out. Get some graphics done for the challenge as well. What I think we should do while we've basically got the next, you know, essentially month really mapped out. We said like April 20th or something in those scripts, didn't we?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so almost two months. What I would recommend doing, bro, is starting to get together some, you can do different types of things, but like maybe a mini course or probably for this to start with is like a masterclass. These things work fantastically because one, it allows you to add more value into your actual coaching program because you can just like pre-record an educational video and then give it away to anyone that signs up. But two, man, they work really, really good to find hand raisers, right? Now, what we want to think of it with a lead magnet is basically we're just trying to get our ideal client avatar to basically put their hand up. You know what mean? And how we do that is we solve a very specific problem of a much larger picture. And I really like to think of it as the usual thing if we sell the what but not the how. Obviously, it would work really well for you here is like how to cut 10 kilos over the next 90 days while working, you know, fly and fly out or something like that. I would definitely refine that title a little bit more, you know, could be like it could be how to cut 10 kilos over the next 90 days while working, you know, 10 hour days on the tools.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then basically, I find graphics, the cool thing about these is I find they're really cool, like they're easy to get content up for ad-wise because it's like we don't need to sit down and do a full script because we're not trying to get someone to take that type of action, right? We just want someone that's, you know, interested in like losing weight to put their hand up and because we're just giving them something away for free, then it doesn't require a full video if that makes sense. I don't if I explained that very well. But it doesn't require them to sit down and watch the entire video. They just need to see it, like it, tap on the thing to get it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. I get what you mean.
Kyle Musca: And then you could obviously.
Arran Humphreys: So then with the like masterclass, is that essentially just like a Loom video of me sort of make a bit of a PowerPoint run through?
Kyle Musca: Is that what you're thinking? Yeah, so I've got, I've got this. It's a  loads. So I've got this project here. So it's got all these documents in it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, what you need to do is go back and forth with it. I've got the prompt and everything like that. But even then, it struggles to do it properly. So you kind of have to go back and forth. I've found by far. Other best thing to do with stuff like this, this especially, this is literally where I got it from, is go find someone who does really good presentations and then just take a screenshot of it, upload it, say this is how I want you to lay it out. Because you can see up here before, it was giving me these like real, oh, let's pull that. It was giving me the, oh, you fucker. It was giving me these like real short  weird ones. And then I was like, just took a screenshot of it and put it in. So just do it like this and then spat it out. Now, what I would do is like once you get it right, so you get it doing the layout correctly, how you want it to, then I would go away and I would basically either do one deep research or even multiple deep researches on the exact topic. So for this one, for example, because I was just playing around and testing it, I did like, I want to know everything there is to know about, you know, building muscle. And then what I actually did. Let's use this one. Let's see. Yeah, I just used this mega guide, which is basically a comprehensive guide to strength, parpetitive, endurance training, that basically takes into  consideration. It's like, again, 42-page document on everything there is to know about building muscle, training, volume, everything like that. And then I just, you can get it to the point where you just upload that, for example, and then just say, like, great. Now, based off of that, create me a presentation with this content, and then just paste everything in there, and it'll just spit out the entire thing for you. So for your case, for example, you might do something like that, where it's like, I want you to go deep research absolutely everything there is to know about how an Aussie bloke working, you know, 10-hour days on the tools, or as a tradie, or, you know, out in the mines, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, can lose 10 kilos. kilos. Over the next 90 days, I want you to break down, you know, nutrition, how to train, how to recover, how to properly sleep, all the  that goes into you, you can include what you want, mindset, habits, whatever the  you want, right? Now, depending on how vast you want it, okay, because you could do, like, let's say one purely on, like, nutrition, right? I want you to know, I want to know everything there is to know about nutrition, calorie deficits, you know, macros, micros, all that , right? And just keep that specific and then do a separate one. It's like, want you to tell me everything there is to know about, you know, how an Aussie guy can  work 10 hours on the tools but still lose weight, for example, and then you just combine the two.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Different ways to go about it depends on how in-depth you really want it to be. And then that's when I would probably get lucky or I've got another chick that will create it for, I think, a dollar USD per slide, which is pretty good. Um... Yeah. Um... And she'll just put it together and then you just film a loom of it. It's pretty easy.
Arran Humphreys: Just running through it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. And then that's something that I then just sort of give out for free, like a lead magnet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So essentially what we would do there is we've got the many chat flows and everything like that. You basically just put the content piece up, people click through, you're asking a couple questions, we qualify them as usual. And then we send them the resource and be like, hey, why are here? Are you potentially interested in getting a coach? And they can click. Again, I have it as like, hell yes, potentially. No. No, I'm good. And that way, you know, it just gets, again, it just gets hand raises. You know, if someone's potentially interested about chatting about getting a coach, they'll say, yeah, potentially. And then I found, so I've tried this a few different ways. This is something I've recently implemented and seems to be working a lot better. The reason we do that is. It's just Because like you can just sort of follow up and be like, hey man, you know, did you get that? Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But everybody knows you're only following up because you want to  try and up someone to coaching or some . You know what mean? So it's like if you're just fully transparent at the start and you basically ask for permission to, you know, essentially message them, then I found the conversation was much better after that from some other people I've been doing it with. I've ran a lead magnet in the past and it cut my cost per call in half. So I think from memory it was like 150 back then and I was getting cost per call for like 70 bucks, which is crazy. There's pros and cons to it. You know what mean? Like you theoretically should get a lot more volume, but the intent might not be as strong as opposed to a direct response ad. But in saying that, I think it's still, if you can do it right, a really great sort of strategy to use because you just end up being that guy that just gives away a heap of value. And then there's certain strategies that we can use. So it's like, if you do it for like, let's say three months, for example, and then I'll say, maybe we run a challenge and then we can buy a magic hat trick to it, which basically goes through and everyone that's downloaded the leaf magnet in the last three months. Hey brother, you know, I'm about to launch my fit for the trade challenge. Anyone that has downloaded my ebook in the last three months, I basically put through a random, you know, winner generator, whatever the  you say. It must be your lucky day because you won, which means you get a $500 voucher you can put straight towards that challenge if you're keen, man.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. So there's like, boom.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what works and why I could see that working really well is because the people that are downloading this resource, again, these are the exact type of people, you know, they're a tradie who, like the only person that's going to download how to lose  10 kilos of weight over the next 12 weeks as a tradie working 10 hours a day as in the tools is a tradie who's interested in losing weight. You know I mean? Like that's exactly what we want to talk to. But they might be in the information game. Gathering stage. about 17% of your audience is going to be in the information gathering stage where they're not quite ready to buy, right? They're just sort of figuring out, can they do it themselves? Do they need help? Who do they want help by? What help do they actually need? Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So keeps the door open because you've given them something of value. They may very well truly come back naturally and organically in a few weeks or a few months. Or by the time we do that magic hat, they may have gotten out at that information gathering stage and realized that they do actually need an extra help. And you've just offered to give them a $500 voucher that they can put towards a challenge. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, I get you. That's some , you know, sort of a no-brainer because it's just like bringing in people that are kind of qualified at the type of people I want to be.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I mean, yeah, it's like one of those things, like I like to do it when. And the direct response is like, we're ahead, you know, and we've got some time to sort of pull back, but we don't want to pull back, if that makes sense. Because if we pull back, then it's like, you can quickly end up in the  again. So it's like, why you've got a little bit of breathing room? Because you've, you you're going to film these new scripts. You've got the old ones that we're still running through and everything like that. It's like, we might as well start looking at just having this strategy ready to, you know, ready to go, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah, I can definitely do up, make up this project, see what I can get it to spit out. And then if you can send me through that, I'll go to do it up for me and then I'll get onto that, film it up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then what I would, the other thing as well is put your tonality documents through as well. So like overload does not mean reckless increase or training like an idiot. You know what mean? ChatGPT is not going to say that. If you're not pretty much talking. And then when you've got this built out, just let me know and then I can send you a thing. These are, yeah, and then I would even get into doing like a mini course or something like that as well, man, eventually, because I don't know if I showed you before, but like, so for my guys, for example. And when they come in here, they've got access to these video series that I've done in the past. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then basically what I did for this as well is I just went through, ran through chat and I basically told her to go research what the most commonly asked questions are for guys in their, you know, 30s who want to lose weight. You know what mean? And then it's, it's always a how to, you know, how to build. How A training split, how to choose the right number, sets, reps, and growth. See how these are also very small, specific, I guess, problems to a much larger issue. You know what mean? If you're trying to lose weight and build muscle, what the  are trying to do? Yes, understanding how to choose the right number, sets, of reps, and growth will help, but it's only a very small piece to a much larger picture.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's sick. So you just sort of went through how-to training, you made up sort of everything, covered it in little videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Like, these are, like, 10 to 15 minutes long.
Arran Humphreys: there's a different way you can do them.
Kyle Musca: You can make them, you know, two to five minutes long, and you can make them 10 to 15 minutes long. If you're going to do it, especially for, I think a masterclass would probably work better if we're running it as a front-end, like, lead magnet more than anything, just because... ... ... ... ... So, you know, if someone watches the whole thing, they're going to be very bought into you at that point. But two, it's like a little bit easier in terms of the funnel build-out because you just sort of send them, like you get them to qualify, then you send them one video. Whereas if you're going to do something like this, then you basically get them to qualify and then you have to upload all the 10 videos or whatever the . And then it's a little bit more complicated. Something like this works a little bit better if you can actually have it for, you know, your internal team. But I would recommend eventually doing both. But I think if we're going to start, then just run with masterclass.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, this is sick. Is this like your app that people get?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Did you make, did you like sort of, is it your own app or is it through, like a thing?
Kyle Musca: This is macroactive. So they basically like white label the app for you and then they'll build it all, your custom branding, your colors, everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: That's sick. That's Because I. I use Kahunas, but that looks  mad, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a pretty good system once you've got it built out, but it's not super cheap. It's probably like 15 to 18 grand to get it up and running.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, is it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's not super cheap at all. Once you get it up and running, that's pretty right.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's also very automated, which is very, very helpful.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, all right. Yeah, because that's what I was looking at. Like, at the end of the day, when I start, because now I'm charging higher prices, I want to make sure, like, I'm actually giving them a good product. That'll be something when I get this next coach on. I've got more time, and then I'll really work. Like, I'm just trying to, you know, elevate everything as well. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Once I bring on another coach, I'll have... I a lot more time. Yeah, definitely. Where are you at with the coach? Have you found, have you interviewed those guys?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so I interviewed, I've interviewed two of them. And one of them, one of them seems all right. Like training wise, probably a little bit different to like what I train and what lads would probably come to me for. And then the other lad's already coaching like eight people for himself. So I'm not really keen on it because I just feel like he would, even I said, like, you can't really do it yourself, like on your own. I'd rather someone who's all four just going all in, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like we were talking about on our, in, throughout the week.
Kyle Musca: yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, if you, if you want to throw up now, just shoot me through. The graphics, and I can just get that up for you.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I reckon we probably will, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the graphics and the URL you want to use for the application form.
Arran Humphreys: Yep, okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. Cool, bro. yeah, it's just a matter of sort of scaling your ads. Again, hopefully they  kick into gear a little bit, and we can go from there. we'll see how it goes over the next couple of days. Basically, what I did for mine is I just sort of created all new campaigns. The other campaigns were a bit  burnt out anyway. And they got hooked on because I did the same thing with reaction videos, and they got hooked on like real  annoyingly. So I just sort of refreshed it completely. See how you go for the next couple of days. If it doesn't improve, then I reckon I'll just create a new campaign completely and refresh the targeting pool.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, because... That was probably the biggest thing last week, man. I just got pumped with these markets, man, probably 10 a day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it was the same thing, man. I was like, and I was getting  like probably 100 a day. I was just  me off, eh?
Arran Humphreys: The amount of people were like, I didn't click anything.
Kyle Musca: And I'm like, , man.
Arran Humphreys: Me too, man. I didn't  click. Or I'm on private. How did you message me? Or you get the odd, you get the odd, oh,  off, . So then I just feed it back to all. I'm like, I'm sick of these . A few of them.
Kyle Musca: What were you saying? No, I was like, I was just saying the same, man. was  like calling people straight up  retards. Like I'd see them click through and then get angry at the bot. I'm like, how dumb do you have to be, man?
Arran Humphreys: was was like, I like, no, Because all Let's get them ones that were liking that, like, one of the girl, like, that transformation. And I was like, , if you weren't a little thirsty, , liking it before you see me pop up, then you'd realise what you were liking, you  with. I didn't like anything of you.
Kyle Musca: I was like, oh, yeah, we got them out. They were looking great on paper. I was like, , I've discovered something revolutionary.
Arran Humphreys: And that was not the case at all. No, that's all right, bro. That's fine. But, nah, man, all in all, pretty happy with everything, how we're going. Obviously, revenue's going really well. I feel like the biggest thing has just been, like, sales of my, on the calls. I'm pretty, I'm getting a lot happier with how they're going. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The biggest actual skill is the sales. thanks. So things as well. So it's like, once you really dial that in and get really confident out of it, man, like you're  good to go.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. And I've sort of, I took a lot of time last week and sort of went through all my organic content, what sort of works, what doesn't work, and then just made a bit more of a, like a pool of, you know, what I want to just double down on. It just made me feel a little bit more like, okay, cool. I'm just going to put everything into these ones and just duplicate it and just keep pumping it, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what I would do, man. I just look at content as like rinse and repeat now, find out what works and just  double down on it, you what mean? You don't have to continue to try and reinvent the wheel.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Who are you in Bali with?
Arran Humphreys: Um, me mate, who's a coach as well. He just went full time. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And then two of my other mates just from home, but one of them's just going to film us. We just paid for his villa and we said, oh, can you just film us? And he's like, yes.
Kyle Musca: It's sick, man. Oh, that's mad.
Arran Humphreys: It's sick joint, man.
Kyle Musca: I don't know if you can see it very well.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that looks sick. , yeah, it's sick, man.
Kyle Musca: Nice.
Arran Humphreys: But yeah, I'll try and get heaps of content, get all that, get them all filmed up and I'll get heaps of content. For like more graphics and  as well of me, which will be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Yeah, cool, bro. Other than that, I think we're all good. We're going nasty, so we'll just keep building from here.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. No, I'm pretty happy with everything, man. So I appreciate all your help. Hopefully we can crack that 50 this month.
Kyle Musca: That's the goal. Yeah. We only need to find one winner, man. I'm a  god. I think once the, like, every time I ran a challenge, man, that just  rips so hard. Like, just launched one for another girl, and she's getting, like, mad cost per lead for it as well. So, yeah, if we execute on that well, that should hopefully pull through for us.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sick. That's sick. Also, the misses has been going pretty good. She's getting more and more clients. So when she gets to a point she's got that more reoccurring, I would like, if, like, your missus wants to bring on anyone or anything, I want to get her, like, mentor, get her to have someone to mentor her, because I try to do it, but sometimes when it's coming from your partner.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: No, 100%.
Kyle Musca: No, definitely. No, 100%. Bree's really good at, like, sort of building a community and everything like that inside her coaching. So I think from the back-end perspective, it'd be really good. Cause she does really good content as well. I did actually, you guys might have a problem with it. I got someone to audit her account and everything. She had so many like bot followers, which, which can happen. Like when you, it was like a couple, couple of years ago when Instagram had like mad amount of  bots on it. And you get a bunch of bot followers. Like obviously they don't interact with accounts. It just just  your engagement.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, okay. On who, on your missus or my missus?
Kyle Musca: My missus.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, true. Yeah. So it just  you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's . Yeah. Cause she actually does quite good content. Um, but like it just gets  or reach for engagement or anything like that. And I was like, there's just no, like, there's just no way. Um, so I got a dude that I know can audit her. But she had like 18,000 followers or something. She had like  16,500 followers or something. I was like, what the ? Yeah, she never bought them or anything like that, so I don't know where the  that came from.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Anyway, be wary of that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, that's . That is . It's been good. That's why I've just been slowly gaining followers, but it seems like engagement goes up as the followers go up, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I think, yeah, you've got a good, one, you'll find you'll probably get to a point where once you really nail content in, all you need is one video to  fully rip, and then you're good to go. But it's also good to have like, you know, it's better to have 5,000 followers, and it's against your audience, and 100,000 followers, and they just don't  interact with you. Yeah. Because I think Sage just must have moved towards like, running follower ads and  like that, and his following is growing, but his engagement is just not there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, he's got a  root of 40,000. Well, he got most of them just off one recipe, like he got 1.6 mil. He reckons he got like 20-something thousand just off the one. But I found when I got followers from the recipe reels, they're just like old people and that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Like .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, they're not. Yeah, because there's not much value behind them. Because I've got a dude, I've got two dudes actually that basically have grown a massive audience off it. They do well. Bad up, power. Yeah. Yeah, if you do the numbers, like obviously if you're getting that type of numbers, you're going to do well. you know, compared to someone else who has a million followers and it's , you know, they're known being a coach. It's like completely  different. Yeah, sick. So they're good, but like I wouldn't. Yeah. If you utilize them properly, they're good, and you build out the funnel, they're definitely good, because I did that with another dude that does them as well, and he's gotten over, like, 200 leads in the last week from them, so, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, do you coach that fellow? He's, like, quite, I forgot, like, he does the recipe ones, but he's, like, , like, really in your face with it.
Kyle Musca: He does, he's got a big following. I don't think so. His name is Xavier, the other guy that does them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, that fella, that fella.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Xavier. I thought you coached him, because I can tell when they do the, um, call to action.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, we, yeah, sat down and, like I said, broke down the , um, structure of the CTAs and everything like that, and the next video post, you've got , like, 6,000 comments or something.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. Um, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, how, do you talk to Sage much?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I talk to Sage, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, How's things going, because I'm so interested in it? Hero, his organics, pulling through for him.
Arran Humphreys: Well, he, yeah, well, that's because he doesn't have, I don't think he has any ads running at the moment, but he's organic, he's pulling. He is, I think, after he got back from Japan, I think he got like 16, he did like 16 sales last week. I think he did like 30, a 30k week or something. So he is, yeah, he is pumping. Which is, yeah, that's pretty, because we, I, yeah, I talked to him all the time, because I got pretty close to Sagehoods, because he helped me like, , a sense, to get onto you and get to where I am, which was, yeah, really cool, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, it's, it's good to see. I was always like, so curious to see how, because the engagements, the organic side of things is just a  uphill battle, unless you have a massive follow-on. So, yeah. I think it's probably a follow-up with a  DM out.
Arran Humphreys: After it. What was that, sorry? Yeah, I got you. Sorry, buddy. You glitched out for a second. All right. Yeah, so you can run ads just for followers.
Kyle Musca: Yes and no. You can, but I wouldn't, to be honest.
Arran Humphreys: Nah.
Kyle Musca: Again, you just don't want them to follow you and then just never engage with your account again, because it's like, it just  your engagement. And then you're starting to go into the cold DM outreach. It's like. Let's keep. Thank Straight away, you know, trying to get them all into . It's like, well, that's cool, but old, to be honest.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's like, I, like, for me, I don't really mind. Oh, I think I lost it. Oh, good. Can you hear me? Oh, there you go. Yeah, I, I don't, um, I don't really mind about, you followers or anything. I just sort of want to get as many  clients if I can't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's not necessarily about, also about the relationship with followers. Don't, don't, don't, um, following at all. Probably straight away, you know, but, um, I think it's just, like, it's more of a long-term thing, you know, I mean, like, even in the short term, you might, you know, get away with it. You know, the world eventually dies up.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. I'd definitely get to that. But no, sick, man. This thing's  glitching out anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. All right. Well, go enjoy Barley Bro. Let me know how you go with the challenge videos and everything like that. And then, yeah, I'll keep you updated with what's happening with the ads.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, man. Too easy. Thanks for that, bro. I appreciate it, man.
Kyle Musca: Sorry about being a bit late today. No, you're all good, man. All right. I'll chat to you soon, bro.
Arran Humphreys: Righto. See you, brother. Bye. See you. Bye.


>>> 123/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-12T03:26:14Z | id:129238747
People: Kyle Musca

xavier kelly: For like 40 plus. meeting is being recorded. Might have been a jump in the gun on that. Why do you that? Well, just a lot of people that have been applying have been men. Well, not all men, but like just kind of everyone. It's been a lot of everything.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
xavier kelly: Some dudes too. So, and then another one thing I want to look at is the content. So the first, like the hook, It's the most important part. I like have a suspicion of like what works and what doesn't, but I just want to like double check with you just to get confirmation as well.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So let's dive into all that so we get through all of it. Going through your check-in form. So you've got eight calls booked. You've taken four.
xavier kelly: Do you still have four to go or four no-shows? What happened there? Yeah. So did you see the calls that I sent you?
Kyle Musca: Um, I. I. I haven't had a chance to look at them.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What I can do.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Where are you going?
xavier kelly: That were just the three calls that I took. I just wanted to like send them to you just to, I feel like I did pretty good in terms of like handling objections, discovery, rapport, getting them to the end, providing them with a solution, going down the list of payment structures and options. And then saying like, we break it up and then like really getting to the point where it's like, let's do this. But like, I don't think I could have done anything more. They just financially weren't there or they wanted their dad to buy it for them. Or the other one was like, you know, I'm doing other calls with other coaches. So I'll, I like what you have to say, but I've got a couple more that I want to speak to before I'm. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So a couple of things.
xavier kelly: First of all, were they all financially like qualified in terms of working full-time decent jobs? So one works full-time desk-based USA. So like I just took that as like qualified. So it was like could maybe afford, but it's close. The other one, Nadia, she was like full-time from France. So it was like questionable. But then the other one, Sophia, yeah, she definitely financially qualified.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, as long as they're working full-time, to me, it's like they should have income, disposable income, unless it's an absolutely  job, but they should have income to do at least a weekly basis thing. And that's coming down to the set. There's different objections and everything like that. You can obviously, it really depends on the situation. What you said there was, you know, when the guy said, or whoever said, I'm speaking to a couple of different coaches. Two things there. One is BAMFAM. So book a meeting from a meeting. Make sure you have an established time where you're going to chat to them after they speak to someone else. Biggest issue with that is oftentimes people just go with the last person they spoke to. You know what mean? So you kind of have to either try and get them across the line there or then, or make sure you establish a time straight after their last call with the last coach they're going to speak to. So you're the last person that they speak to, essentially. The objection I would go down there is like, you basically just make sure that they see the value in the program. Because realistically, if they see the value in the program, they're confident in you to coach them. They're happy with everything that you provided. It's like, why do you need to speak to someone else? I mean, what are you looking for someone else to give you that I'm not going to be able to provide for you? You obviously don't say it like that, but you want to get them to come to that realization. I mean, good thing to use analogies there. know mean? Like, let's say you're funny. Girl, man, you know, she's everything you've ever wanted. She's pretty. She makes you laugh. She's loving. She's loyal. Everything like that. Exactly the type of girl you want. Are you going to say like, oh, I mean, you're amazing and everything like that, but I kind of want to just go see what else is out there just to see if there's anything better. Or are you going to sort of take that opportunity, put a ring on it, and make sure that, you know, you don't let that opportunity slip through your fingers? Again, wouldn't say it like that, but you kind of use that analogy. know what I mean? Like, if you're always looking for the grass is greener on the other side, man, like one, it most likely probably won't be, and two, you're just prolonging your start date. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's the angle I would come from on that.
xavier kelly: Yeah. She was a tough one in the sense that she'd been going to the gym for a long time. I'm like, I couldn't get any emotional state out of it. It was just like, oh, I'm doing this because I want to get lean and I want to lose some fat. So then I can start like a. Bodybuilding prep. So it was like, I was like, why do you want to do that? Well, I just want to lose the fat to that. can eventually do a bodybuilding prep. I just couldn't get any kind of insecurities. was nothing. So it was really hard to like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. that's where you have to shift from pain to goal. So like pain is a good sale. Like we always want to come from that pain angle first, just to see if they're not, if they don't have a lot of pain to come from, it's more so they just want to achieve, you know, a goal of, you know, again, being lean and achieve a bodybuilding comp. It's a less emotional sale, but that sometimes can mean it's a little bit simpler. Now, again, you've got to sort of determine, you know, and make sure that you're not just sort of taking me to surface level. So I wouldn't just sort of say, they're not giving me much. Oh, I must be goal orientated that because some people might just be really reserved. But essentially, like if it's someone like that and you just can't draw any pain out of them because there's no real pain there, then you just talk about future goal outcomes.
xavier kelly: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: And you just sell them. It's usually like a, it's a lesson. But that doesn't necessarily make it a harder sale because usually those people are more disciplined, they've got more self-accountability, and they're willing to invest in themselves a little bit more than someone who's  20 kilos of weight, struggles with making good decisions, struggles with keeping themselves accountable. So, all right, let's break this down. Have we gone over the sales script and everything like that properly?
xavier kelly: Um, I don't think I'm, I think I'm good on the sales script, honestly. Like, I did the Fathom, uh, I, like, took the Fathom and I put in, like, an AI prompt to kind of, like, rank all the different levels of, like, what I need to work on. Um, I can send that to you.
Kyle Musca: I'd be real careful feeding any kind of AI or, like, a sales side of things, even DM setting and sales script, everything like that through AI. Um, it usually, AI, unless it's really, really, really well trained, it's just going to agree with you, or it's just going to tell you that, especially in a sales training side of things, it's going to tell you to change things that doesn't. It necessarily need to be changed, and that can skew you quite a lot. So, for example, I don't use, even with my trained DM setting stuff, I'll chuck something that I know is good into the AI, and it will tell me to change it just because that's its job. It's not like it's looking for things to change. Even if something's fine, it will tell you that it needs to change. So are you using this actual script here?
xavier kelly: The one you sent me, I'm using a slightly easier-to-read one for me. So it's pretty much the same.
Kyle Musca: As long as it's the same, because this takes them through, one, it covers a lot of obstacles, so they don't become objections after you say price, and it gets them into really emotional states. So I've had people, you know, give them the script, and they try and cut it down, or they try and skip skirts of parts. It doesn't Everything in the script is designed for a specific reason, and it brings them through a nice sort of natural, I guess, flow to get them into a really emotional state.
xavier kelly: Yeah, this one goes connection context phase, and then current situation phase, problem phase, challenge phase, emotional phase, future state phase, cost of an action phase, commitment phase, and then pitch.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that's pretty much similar to this. Depends on the wording. Yeah. Let's just break it down from start to finish and see where the issue is here.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Well, you have my Fathom recording, so that's, you know what mean? You can see if you feel like I'm doing it right or not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I can also try and do is get you on with my sales trainer as well and do some, like, actual core reviews and feedback.
xavier kelly: And everything like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is it the right?
xavier kelly: is too.
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
xavier kelly: Qualified is also one as well. So like anyone that's like still commenting ready from old videos goes into that.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Lead mag interested is what we put on that.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we're to say qualified. Cool. Oh, why is that? I'm going to show you four. We'll just go through these.
xavier kelly: That was just the follow-up after the sales call.
Kyle Musca: All right.
xavier kelly: She was a woman and he sent her the transformation. see you. We'll We'll Bye
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, so with these as well. So if you're going to do it, do you have transformations where it's like, it suits these, like 10 kilos, 20 kilos, and 30 kilos?
xavier kelly: Yeah, but should I put like one of a man and a woman for each one?
Kyle Musca: does it say, it doesn't say male or female, yeah. No, maybe I just said, I mean, what you could do here is this, this could be a setter's job. Um, the other thing as well as age, you know, mean, you don't want to send, you know, 20 or 30 year old to a 51 year old woman.
xavier kelly: She's going be like, well, yeah, so you could always categorize it, um, depending on how much transformations you actually have. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: you know, you, so it could be this. Setter's role here. Yeah. Potentially struggling with nutrition, something I see. So if was going to put it in the script, I'd probably put it here somewhere after they say their goal.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then base it off what they said up here. So it's like if they need to lose, you know, she's 105 kilos at the moment. She needs to lose 20 kilos to get down to 80, I think she said. So it's like, and she's 51. So again, I would, again, categorize different transformations to suit different demographics and ages and  like that. And then probably send it after the goal. it's like, you know, very doable, trust me. And I'd love to help you feel more confident and close. You know, you could basically send something like that and be like, this is Rachel, who's 45 years old. Again, somewhere along that. Who Helped lose 20 kilos in just six months, while, you know, going through menopause or something like that.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, and then just continue on. So I'd probably slot it in there. So, yeah, after you say it's definitely doable, show proof that it's doable. Understanding the situation better would have you retried. That thing, I also live alone, so it's easy to scoot me as I need properly to have a perimenopause. Has really decided to come part of your recent years. I don't like gyms, so I prefer home-based approach. Meal planning is great, but I get bored of meal after two days, so I need a plan that's also improved with variety. makes sense. Sounds like you're right. Now, this is a small thing, and this is something you are going to deal with Western setters, is there's no, like, he should add more personalization into what they've just said. I mean, like, that makes sense. It sounds like you've made genuine efforts. Like, it's not bad, but it's like, that makes sense. You know, perimenopause can definitely throw a spanner in the works. And you can still make a lot of progress, you know, while training at home for something like that. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Just like trying to dynamically respond a little bit more.
Kyle Musca: What he said isn't bad, but like the more, I guess, personalization without, I guess, overdoing it at the same time is better. What do you do for work? Work, wouldn't send dashes. She's probably not going to know at 51, but that's a dead giveaway for AI. Work demands can really influence energy, routine, and consistency. I mean, again, that's a little bit sloppy there because she said she's sat down all day. It's not really about, you know, energy, routine, and consistency. It's all about, like, you know, sitting down all day can definitely make it a little bit trickier to lose weight or something like that, you know, because the energy output's not there. Quite challenging. Have some see of what. For this as well. I also like to add where are you based in this or where are you based and what do you do for work? Just because that will cut this down of asking what times end they're in later. you can just like once you get to the core booking stage, it's just like bang, bang, bang. This isn't technically too bad. I like to say like. like. What day, day and time can you do over the next few days? Just so, you know, they kind of say like, you know, I could do tomorrow at 6.30 or something. So ideally you can just, again, shorten that as much as possible. It's not bad how it is, but, you know, again, we just want to try and make sure that they don't go cold. Wouldn't really ask for name if it's, I only ask for name if it's not very clear what their name is. Maybe he, I mean, he can see it there, so Catherine. Phone and number, it's not a big deal, but again, just trying to cut that down a little bit. Also so they don't feel like, well, you know, you can clearly see my  name. Thanks to, thanks. That sounds a bit AI and robotic. I understand. I I What he's trying to do here, when we book the call and stuff, we always want to frame it as, like, the call is, yes, non-obligation, but we want to try and, like, focus on the value that they're going to get out of the call more than anything, right? So they actually feel excited to jump on and know that they're going to get something from it instead of just being sold.
xavier kelly: So, like, this call, this call is focused on giving you, it just says, revout complimentary, say, this call is focused on giving you clarity and real actionable steps to help you lose fat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would just say, you know, again, there's different ways you could do it, but, like, thanks, just, you know, lock that in or something like that, secure it, your time is a bit weird. It's a bit too formal. And then you might want to say, FYI, you know, FYI, just so you're aware, this call is focused on... I'm taking a deep dive into... There's different ways you can say. really depends on how you want to say it. But yeah, essentially, what we're going to do is focus on giving you a lot more clarity on what's sort of holding you back from achieving those goals, essentially. All right. So when I do my pre-call message, I say, like, we're going to, you know, we're going to have a look at what your goals are, what's preventing you from achieving them. And then we're going to actually map out a game plan so we can, you know, so you can achieve those goals, is what I say. So however you want to say it, it just has to say, you know, we're going to actually do something for you instead of just trying to sell it. Didn't send the join link. 12, 7, 10, 2. Oh, okay. She just replied too quick. Cool. Do you have an issue with shop, right? at all?
xavier kelly: No, not really anymore after sending the voice memos that you mentioned.
Kyle Musca: Yep. So I probably just wouldn't leave it hanging like this. Like you just want to ratchet up, wrap it up nicely. So here I say, does that all make sense? Because like I kind of give them a fair bit of input. So I say, does that all make sense? Just want to make sure we can dive straight in. Or you could say something like, you know, how are you feeling about everything so far? Is it, you know, how are feeling about everything so far? Does that all make sense? You know what mean? They'll say, yeah, I'm feeling excited. Awesome. Well, I've, you know, well, awesome chatting to Catherine. Catherine, I'm going to, I've got to dive into some client work or, you know, I'm going to review what we said or whatever, just wrap it up naturally. I'm looking forward to chatting to you this afternoon.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, just wrap it up kind of nicely. Don't just leave them hanging. Won't be too bad, like, this was booked on the same day and everything, but. Did she ask for you to send this through?
xavier kelly: Yeah, she said, could you please, like, send me a summary of what we did on the call? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this will come with, you know, really building up confidence with the sale. Anytime someone says that to me, I said no. I just straight up say no. And I say, look, the reason I don't do that is because, yes, what we are going to do, all the customized training programs, know, all the check-ins, you know, all the meal plans, everything like that for you. The real value that you're going to get from this program is not the program itself. It's the losing the 20 kilos so you can feel more confident in your bikini, going down the beach and whatever the  they said. And I don't want you, what's going to happen is after we wrap up this call. You're going to go away and you're going to convince yourself as to why you shouldn't be doing something like this, right? Because let's be real, know, custom training program and everything is cool, but realistically, that's not exciting. And that's not what you're wanting to do this program for, right? It's just a tool that's going to get you to the actual result that you want. And I can't put that on paper. You know what mean? Because when you send this stuff, they start focusing heavily on logistics. And they're basically going to say, cool, so I get, you know, weekly one-on-one calls, WhatsApp support, custom meal plan, custom workout program. Is that really worth two grand now? Like that, like if you're just looking at that, just the words on the screen, does that really entice you to want to pay, you know, over two grand USD? You know what It's just like, and like, I'm not sure if you've ever been on the opposite side of things. Um... with off. on slide. It won't right, um... we You know, again, it's just, as soon as someone gets off the court, they're just going to start talking themselves out of So I just say no. You what mean? I don't do that.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Can I try that? So, honestly, I can't. And the reason being is that what we're focused on isn't the weekly one-on-one calls and the tech support and the custom meal plan. What you're actually trying to achieve is to lose 60 pounds. So, it's kind of impossible for me to say what losing 60 pounds is in a text message because what you're here for is the transformation and me as a coach.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, two things there. I kind of like rip the band-aid off. kind of like to give them a bit of a shock factor. So, like, can you send this through to me on an email? No. look, to be honest, no, I don't do that. Like, I just say it like that. Like, no, I don't do that. And the reason for that is because, yes, well, the custom programming in the meal plan. And everything like that is fantastic. That's not what you're wanting to do this program for, right? You're wanting to do this program because you want to lose that 30 pounds. So you can, and then bring up their gut, like what they actually said in the conversation. I mean, so like, let's say, you know, you're, you're wanting to lose this 30 pounds to make sure that, you know, you can stay, you know, healthy over the long run as you, whatever the  they say, obviously your demographic is not the demographic that I speak to. But for me, for example, for young men, it's like, you want to lose this, you know, you know, 20 kilos. So you can feel more confident to take your shirt off the beach. You know, you can keep up with your kids as they grow up and you can make lifelong memories with them that you're unable to make right now because you get out of breath after five minutes. That's what you're doing this program for. You're not doing this program for the custom training and the custom meal plans. That's just a tool that's going to get you the result. Because again, if they're focused on this stuff, they're focused on the logistics, not the value of the program.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you just. Again, it's just a reframe, same as an objection handle.
xavier kelly: So it's like, no, honestly, I don't do that. And the reason being I don't do that is because even though the custom meal plan, custom workout program, and everything is super great, what we're trying to do here and what the program entails isn't actually those things. What we're trying to do here is lose to 60 pounds. So what happened? And then what do you transition from that bud into?
Kyle Musca: Into goals. So say like, although the, you know, custom training program, the meal plans, everything else that's going to be involved in the program is fantastic. That's not what you're doing it for. You're doing it so you can lose that 30 pounds and achieve goals, whatever they said.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You mean? So if I send that across.
xavier kelly: you the information because it's.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I can't put that on paper because if I send you, you know, a custom training program and a meal plan and that's what you're looking at. Then I I Of course, you're not going to think it's worth it. You could go on Google and you could find that. I mean, what we're doing is we're going to rebuild your habits. We're going to shift your mindset. We're going to make sure that not only do you get from A to B by using the meal plans. Again, this is you change it as you go, but not only going to get from A to B by using the meal plans, custom training program, me keeping you accountable, guiding you through the whole process. The ultimate end of the goal, end of the day result that you're doing this for is so you can lose that 30 pounds and you can, you know, make sure that you can keep up with your kids. can make sure that you make lifelong memories and make sure that you can set a good role model for your kids. I can't put that on paper. I can't send that to you in an email.
xavier kelly: Yeah, that's good.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, and that's just a very, that's like the always pretty much, pretty much always the first objection handle that you go into is you need to instantly reframe because what you're doing here is you're keeping it very logistical and focused on the price. You know what So it's like, as soon as someone says like, oh, I need to think about it. I need to think about it's different. You need to, obviously there's a one step before that, but let's say it's, I need to run my, my finances. And as soon as, as soon as I said that, yeah, okay, cool. And I guess price aside, like is the price something you actually want to do? Reframe straight away. Yeah, it is something I want to do. Okay. On a scale of one to 10, where are we sitting? I was sitting at seven. Why isn't it lower? This is the reframe question. Oh, because I really like the accountability. I really like all the structure. Now they're thinking about the value that they're actually going to get from the program. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah. So that would be, what you just mentioned there is at the end of the call, when you say, that's like the commitment phase, right? Or like transitioning to the pitch. It's like, based on everything I said with the pillars and, you know, what I'm offering on a scale of one to 10. Then, um, how, this is after they object.
Kyle Musca: So. Let's say you say the price and they're like, oh, yeah, that sounds good. I just have to, you know, check my numbers. I just have to make sure I can make it work financially. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. And I guess price aside, do you actually want to do the program?
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, as soon as they say it, it's like, you need to get them off thinking about price because that's all they're thinking about when they say that. And you need to get them refocused on the value of the actual program and what they're going to get out of it.
xavier kelly: Yeah. To do the program. And then they say, yeah, I do. And then you say like on a scale of one to 10, what was the, what did you say?
Kyle Musca: So I say, okay, cool. And, you know, surprise aside, you know, is the program something you actually want to do? Yeah. Okay. Awesome. And like, just so I'm on the same page with you on a scale of one to 10 with 10 being the program is absolutely perfect. I could not add anything else to it if I tried. Right. And one is I'm just a complete dickhead and I've completely missed them up. Right. So I kind of make a joke of it. Breaks the ice. Leaves tension. I guess, where are sitting on that? They'll say seven, eight, or nine, right? Okay, well, seven's pretty high. I guess, why isn't it lower? Why we ask that is so they start to say, oh, and when they say something, it means they're thinking about it. You can't tell them something. They have to say it, right? So they can be like, oh, I really love the accountability and you seem like you actually really care about results and helping clients and, you know, the meal plans seem fantastic and everything like that. So now they're actually thinking about the value again, not just the price. Okay, awesome. And what do we need to do to make it a 10? And they'll say either nothing or they'll say something. And you just, you know, most of the time you can be like, oh, yeah, that's cool. That's actually part of it, right?
xavier kelly: There's just so much in the program. I can't like say it all, right? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or I can throw that in.
xavier kelly: Yeah. And then, so you say like, okay, so price aside, do you actually feel like this program's for you? Yes. No. Okay. Well, just so I can better understand. On a scale of 0 to 10, 10 being the program's perfect, you know this is going to work, and zero, I'm just some clueless arsehole, and I've been wasting your time, whereabouts did you sit on that? And then if they say like 7, 8, 9, I go, well, 8's pretty high, why isn't it lower? And then they'll start to explain to me the benefits of the program, and I go, okay, cool. And if they say, this is why it's not a 10, I say, well, that's exactly what it's included. So considering that this is a program you want to do, and you feel like it is right for you, what's making you hesitant from starting now?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so essentially, this is where I would kind of go into a payment breakdown then, because you say the price in full, right?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you're like, cool, so, okay, what do we need to do to get it to 10? Oh, X, Y, Z. Oh, yeah, that's cool. I can throw that. And that's no stress at all. What have said? So I guess, like, from the sounds of things, you know, it sounds like the program is something that you want to do. And the only thing that's sort of preventing you from, you know, I guess getting started with it is just making sure it fits financially, if I'm hearing you. Yeah. Okay, well, sweet. I mean, in that case, like, if we were able to sort of, you know, break it down into smaller digestible chunks instead of covering it all in one go, would that make it a little bit more reasonable for you to get started? Or reasonable for you? I say reasonable for you, because it would, we want a yes out of them. We don't want to say, if I were to break it down, you know, I mean, you could say get started. I always say reasonable, because, like, it is more reasonable for them to get started, right? We just want an agreement at this point. Okay, sweet. Okay, well, yeah, cool. I work with a billing company. It kind of works like Afterpay. So, did you want to have a look at, have a look at that? Yeah. Okay, sweet. Let me just pull it up. Sweet. So instead of, you know, $3,500 for the entire six months, what we could do is, yeah, we could just cover $1,500 today. So that brings it down massively. You're to save $2,000 just there. And then we won't officially start until next week. So the first repayment wouldn't be for over like pretty much five weeks from now. And that would just be $400 a month. So it makes it super easy on cash flow. Would be a bit more reasonable to get started? Yeah. Oh, okay. What do you want to run that option? Right. Okay.
xavier kelly: That is the close of one objection cycle.
Kyle Musca: So you kind of want to think of objection cycles as kind of steps, right? At the start, we want to become, we want to be real passive. We want to be very low friction. We don't want to spike their guard or anything like that. We just want to come from the angle of like, you know, at the end of the day, if we can't make it work, unfortunately that's life. If you want to, Do the program. I'd love to see if we can, you know, figure something out so you can get started. Right. And then towards the end of it, like maybe four, five, six objection cycles into it. It's like, you know, Xavier, what do you need to, what decision do need to make right now? So when you go, you get off this call and you go to bed tonight, you know that you've put yourself in the best possible position. So in six months time, you've lost that 20 kilos and you can finally start feeling more confident in the clothes that you've been avoiding for years. You know what mean? So it's like you get more direct and push more urgency around timeframes. And stuff as you go through it, but you can't do, if you just came out of the gates straight away, like there's no way, their guard would be so high. can't do anything with them. So it's like, if they were to, if they were to say, oh yeah, that would, but I still need to check my finances. Then what I like to go into there is like a fear versus logistics to analyze fear-based logistic decision-making. So it's like, okay, cool. And just, yeah. And I need to check my prices. Okay. Yeah, no, that's absolutely, understand. And again, just like, you know, at the end of the day, again, you said it sounds like you do want to do the program. And if that is the case, then I'd love to sort of figure it out how we can potentially make it work. If not, you know, at the end of the day, that is life sometimes, right? So I just wanted to actually confirm with you, you know, is the program something you actually do want to do? Because if not, we can just wrap this call up right now. So you give them an exit, right? I always like to give an exit first, because it basically, like, if you think about the pressure of a sales call on a special objection, handling is kind of like a balloon or a ball, right? If you just let it keep expanding, will eventually burst and you've lost them, right? But if you give them an exit, essentially what you're doing is putting a pin in it, like into the ball, let's say, to let that pressure escape, right? Because if just said, we can wrap things up right now, you've just given them an out, but they will say, no, I do want to do the program, right? It's just something financially. So that after that, it takes. takes away the sales pressure and you can kind of say what you want to say. So it's like, okay, cool. And again, just so I'm on the same page with you, is it more of a matter of, you know, you want to do the program and you do have the funds available to be able to invest in it. You just need to make sure that, you know, it's not going to sort of put you out with anything else. Or is it more of a, you know, you don't actually have the physical funds available and it's a matter of like where you would actually be able to find them. Right. So fear-based versus logistics-based. Fear-based is they have the funds available, but they're not willing to, you know, invest into it. Logistics-based is they do want to do it, but they literally just don't have the funds. So we need to determine which one it is because it's two different avenues. Now, if they say that they do have the funds available, then from that point, it's like, you know, that the close is there. You just have to break their belief and shift their mindset to get them across the line. Right. So what I do there is, and this is where the price breakdowns come down, like let's say they go, usually they do have the funds available, right? Okay, awesome, I appreciate you being honest with me, at the end of the day, again, I want to make this work if it's something you want to do, and I also understand that, you know, you've got other things, you've got bills and everything like that, I definitely don't want to be, you know, putting you out on the street begging for money. Again, make a little joke, have a little bit of a laugh, relieve tension, right? I guess, okay, cool. Well, I guess if that's the case, and it's just a matter of, you you do actually have the funds available, you just don't want to put yourself out. Sounds like it's probably more of like a cash flow problem. So what we could do is instead of $1,500 or $1,500 to get started, we could bring that right down to just a K. And again, repayments wouldn't be for five weeks from now, so it makes it a lot easier in cash flow still, and that would just be $500 a month from there. But that'd be a more reason we could start. All right, because they just said they have the funds available to do it. All right, they had the funds to do $50. $1 you've just saved them an extra $500 to get started. You know what mean? They will still say no. Let's say they say no. That is, again, you have to re-ask. The re-ask closes the objection cycle, right? $500 a month, would that be a bit easier to get started? That is the close. You have to re-ask. If you don't, a lot of closers make the mistake of not re-asking after they've gone through an objection. They're not going to be like, oh, yeah, cool. Here's my credit card, right? You have to directly re-ask them to move forward. Closes the objection cycle. Cool. The third one, the third objection cycle I like to use is an analogy, right? Because by this point, we've established they have the money, and it's definitely a fear-based thing. The analogies connect an unknown to an unknown, right? So it's like if I was to talk to you about, you know,  advanced electrical engineering, which I know nothing about, and I said all these advanced terminologies, you'd be like, what the  does that mean? If I was like, it's kind of similar to… It's kind of like, you know, putting bread in the toaster and then you put it on and then like two minutes later it comes up toasted, right? You can relate to that because you actually know what that looks like, right? So an analogy. Okay, cool. Well, I mean, you know, I still have to check my finance. Okay, no, that's completely fine. And do you mind if I sort of, I guess, I just challenge you on that a little bit? They're like, yeah, they're never happy about it, but they say yeah. so essentially what I like to think of in this kind of situation, right, is you're currently walking around on an island and you've been on this island for however long they said they've been struggling with weight. You've been on this island walking around circles for the past two years, right, trying to figure a way off. You've tried swimming to shore. You've tried making your own little rafts, you know, with the diets and the workout plans and everything like that, but nothing's worked, right? I've come along with a cruise ship and I've said, I will take you to the mainland. will take you to the Holy Land. I'll get you, I'll take you straight there. It's a... There's no zigzagging or anything like that. I'll take you right there. And all you have to do is just, you know, purchase your ticket to jump on board and I'll take you there. Right? I guess the question you've got to ask yourself is, are you going to take that offer and you're going to jump on that ship and sail to the mainland? Or are you going to, you know, keep walking around on this island for potentially another two years, potentially even longer, continuously trying to figure a way off that you know that you've already tried before? And eventually, you know, maybe another ship does come along in six months. Right? Maybe it's the same, if not more expensive. Let's say it's the same price. You've just wasted a whole extra additional six months, as well as all the pain, the frustration that's gone into that to make the same decision that you would have made now. Whereas you could have taken this opportunity and be living your best life in six months. So I guess I got to ask, like, what decision are going to make right now? Are you going to jump on that ship and let me sail you to the mainland? Or are you going to keep walking around in circles on this deserted island, hoping that something else comes along and it's going to magically solve this issue for you?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
xavier kelly: And just putting them on, like, putting them quite directly on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you see how we're adding, like, a little bit more urgency now?
xavier kelly: Yeah, now we're kind of, like, saying, like, are you going to do this or not?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, we're adding, like, what decision are going to make right now?
xavier kelly: Are you going to get on this ship or are going to stay there? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what And that's the re-ask. Again, close. That's the third objection cycle.
xavier kelly: Yeah. And then after that objection cycle, it's like, all right, okay, well, look, man, I understand. Sometimes it can be really hard to start these sorts of programs. And what if I offered you something to be able to break down that financially even more? No. You're To be able to make it work. And I don't usually do this. In fact, I really never do this. But if I did that with you, do you think that would make it possible?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I wouldn't necessarily drop price or anything like that. What I would do there is like, yeah, what I would do there is like, you can either drop the time period or you can drop the package there.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So let's be like, okay, cool. Look, and this is where having the urgency or the scarcity of using the spots and everything like that, you know, there's two spots left for this and, you know, et cetera, et cetera. So one spot, there's two spots left for this package. Okay. Yeah. Look, again, you know, before we move on, yeah, I just want to know, like, is dropping this 20 kilos just, you know, on a personal level, is dropping this 20 kilos so you can achieve goal. Is that something that, you know, is actually a priority to you? Yeah. So again, we're basically, again, re-asking if they want to do the program, if they want to do whatever.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Look, I probably shouldn't do this, but after everything you've told me, does actually seem like you are serious about doing this. And, you know, again, my main focus is on helping people that want to help themselves, essentially, whatever you say. I do have a silver package. Now, there's not technically a spot open for it, but I think I have someone finishing. I think it's mid to end of next week. I'd have to double check on that. But what I could do is I could slot you in to take that position. And instead of, you know, three and a half thousand for the entire six months, I'd bring it right down to just 2,500. No additional fees that charges anything like that on top of it. So it makes it a lot more affordable to get started. And again, we could look at breaking that down if it's a bit easier on you. All right. Would that make it easy if you'd actually get started today so you can lose this 20 kilos and feel more confident in the bikini? Yeah, it but I still have to think about it. Okay. Do you mind if I put my coaching hat on for a second? Yeah. You mentioned before that, you know, you really struggle with motivation, accountability, and everything like that. So I got to kind of, you know, again, put my coaching hat on and ask you directly, do you feel like that's what's happening here? Because from everything that you've told me, the program is exactly what you're looking for. You said it is a priority to lose this 20 kilos. Because you're confident in the ability for me to help you get there. And I'm more than confident I'll get you there. So I guess what is actually stopping you from just making this decision to commit to this change and actually getting it done? Do you feel like you're just sort of holding yourself back? Oh, yeah. Okay. So I guess you're going to break that cycle or you're going to keep holding yourself back? Oh, I guess break that cycle. Okay. So what decision do you need to to break that cycle? cycle? No, I'll do the program. Okay. So what are you going to do then? Do the program. All right, cool. Let's get started.
xavier kelly: Cool. Cool. And then like, that would be like the second final objection cycle. guessing like the one after that is like, well, I still need to, and then you would just say, okay, just so I can get a better understanding. Um, so I can just really know what's going on. What does your financial situation look like? If you don't mind me asking, and then they will tell you, and then you would try to drop them down to just, let's just do straight monthly. Like I never do this.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, you might say that with the 2,500, you know what mean? You might be like, we can break that down. So it literally just comes out to be a hundred, you know, 95 a week. There's no upfront payments or anything like that. We can just do 95 a week when it gets out of the night. There's another one I really like using is the identity. Right? Or, yeah, the identity shift. So it's like, you know, this is good when they need to say they need to think about it or something like that. But essentially, it's like, you know, I want you to think when it comes to these situations, I want you to think of, you know, the happiest, the healthiest, the strongest, the sexiest version of yourself in six months time. Right? The woman that lives up to her full potential, and she knows what she's capable of. Okay? What decision do you feel like she would make in this situation right now? Do you feel like she would, you know, play it safe and sort of hold herself back? Because, you know, she's, I guess, potentially like a little bit afraid of making the change? Or do you feel like she would make the decision, commit to the change, do the work required so she can actually get that result and become that woman that she knows she's capable of becoming? Make the decision. Okay. So I guess, what decision are you going to make then? You know what mean? And then it's like, so again, like thinking of future self and because the issue here is these people struggle with accountability and they struggle with motivation and making the right decisions to actually benefit them. So we've kind of got to get them out of that, that thought process and be like, well, when you actually imagine yourself becoming the best version of yourself, do you think that they make the same decisions as you make right now? No. So what decision you make? Then, then it gets to the point where it's like, look, you know, to be honest, you know, I've done, I've done hundreds of thousands of these calls. And, you know, when it gets to a situation like this, 98% of the time when someone says they, they go away and think about it, or they need to run their finances, especially when they've already mentioned that they, you know, have the funds to do it. So it's just a. Fence mechanism to make sure, you know, your brain is just saying, I don't want to change, even though I know changing is the right move for me. And 98% actual statistics, 98% of the time you go away, we'll never have this chat. We'll never have a conversation after this, right? Because you'll go away and you'll talk yourself just like you are right now. Talk yourself out of all the reasons why now's not a good time or you shouldn't do this program. You shouldn't make this change. Okay. So I'm more than happy to wrap this call up right here, right now. But I do want you to know, you know, from a, from a coaching perspective, I do want you to be very aware of the fact that if we do wrap this call up, then you do have to accept that things probably won't change and you are going to continue living your life the way you you've been living it. Are you, are you happy with that decision? Because that's essentially the decision you're making right now. Yeah. Just laying on them thick, right? Laying them on them thick. If they get up before, you're never going to hear from them again. Yeah. would rather you get off the call and, you know, they're like, know, she's healthy.
xavier kelly: And they hate you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah,  it. Or you just told them what they needed to hear, man. If they're not coachable, we're not even trying to sell them at this point. We're literally just coaching them at this point.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if you're not going to keep yourself accountable, you do have to accept that things are going to change. You're going to continue living 20 kilos of weight. You're probably going to get to 30 or 40 kilos of weight because if you're not losing weight, you're probably gaining weight. It certainly doesn't get easier as you get older, right? So, that's just the reality of it.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? This girl's Indian, so the guy's Indian.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I told him just don't message Indians.
Kyle Musca: Indians aren't. I mean, even for them, I mean, as long as they're qualified, they're probably still taking the call.
xavier kelly: Like in India.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Yeah, no, don't do that. Yeah. Um. But if someone's not a qualified core when you get on with them, I wouldn't just wrap it up. I use those as training for me personally. I just start  around with them. You know what I mean? Like do those objection cycles, push harder because that is the most realistic training simulator you can ever have.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's for a child. He's 10. I guess that's a bit of an average conversation. Let's go back to some older ones, so hopefully. So that was 8.24, good response time. 8.31, good response time again with the dashes. Losing the furthest 6.5, so he didn't read that correctly. Chief said she lost 6.5. She wants to lose 15 kilos more. Done the dash again, mostly cutting down calories, accessing more. Out of curiosity, what do you think is quite active or more death-based? Thank you. Thank you. He's using dashes a lot.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This girl seems younger too, so she probably wouldn't understand that.
xavier kelly: It's their postpartum though.
Kyle Musca: My buddy's skiing my way a little bit under the PMI. He's not looking good. I wouldn't say stuff like that. We never want to give them, you know, an indicator that they're already doing something right. We don't want to say what they're doing is wrong by any means, but if she's already on the right path, then it's like, well, just stay on the path. I'm with my kid at home doing Pilates instructor course, so she's not financially qualified. I want to lose weight and work on my confidence. I would avoid using words like, trust me. Any words like, trust me, just instantly loses authority. Snake oil salesman said, trust me. So I'm going to send this in a minute. What have you ever tried? checking. 411. I mean, that's a pretty eager follow-up. It's not bad, but. bad. you. Yeah, that's 4.11. And then that's 3.15. She said she was a teacher. So what would have, oh, yeah, March 7. So March 7th and March 8th. So that was it. That's my time. So that's 4. So that's like 8.30, 9.30 your time. Yeah, so he's just saying that for like every single time they say a job. You know what mean? And while it's like applicable, you know, it's not really dynamic. You know what mean? Something they'd be like, you know, I gotcha. Yeah, I would probably say I've worked with a... If you, whatever they say their job is, as long as it's a normal job, you know, I've worked with a few teachers and, you know, can definitely be a stressful role, haha. Something like that. Again, something like, you know, many people I've worked with just doesn't sound like a very human way to text. So if she went stale, it could have been because the, it just didn't sound like a very personalized way of responding.
xavier kelly: I'm not sure what happened here, that's a bit weird, but So with the Google Form, It's like, uh... If I... Let's a look now, how many people fill out? The age range is a bit weird. It's like 20, 17, 24, 36, 32, 35, 18, 16, 20, 27, 40, 26, 21, 29, 16, 25, 15, 14, 16, 33. I, um, yeah, I don't, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: He's going to stop you saying, Ash, by the way, I'm just, I'm listening to you, but he's, he's eating in every single conversation and you can see it's usually kind of around that area where the conversation starts to die off. You know mean? More death space and then it just dies off.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah, I kind of feel like having the comment ready for the coaching would get more people. Potentially.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but this is working well, like this one, so you don't want to, like, mix up the CTAs with the comment. You're still getting plenty of people through the action. How many people have you had through the application form in the last week?
xavier kelly: Yeah, so since the 5th, maybe 3.30?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you're still getting plenty of people through that. That's my concern. So you've had... had... So Let's look at this. So one, by the way, 10% I would not justify at all for someone who's basically just copying and pasting the script and still running through chat. He's literally saying this every single time, so I'm not sure how there's even a dash in this if he's just copying it from the script. So that's well overcharged for the quality of that. Tag, lead mag interested, subscribed after the fifth. You've got 165 plus 30, so you've got 195 total leads that have said that they're interested in coaching in the last week. And that's direct people that put their hands up and direct. Directly said that they are interested in coaching. So obviously, you know, all those, there's a lot of unqualified ones in there as well, but that's still plenty of lead flow that we should be getting a lot of calls booked. So we've had 195, what is eight as a percent, 195, 4%. Now industry average for DM setting is about 10%. So currently, let's just go for even just these ones, around 65. How many of those calls did you book from the, how many did he book as a setup?
xavier kelly: This week, it was, you different measures? How many people them? One cancelled, that's two, three, four, five, six, six, seven.
Kyle Musca: From the setter? Seven, yeah. Yeah, so he's booking at 4.2%, which is, again, industry average is like 10%. For qualified leads, which they're not technically qualified leads, but for qualified leads, like I like that sitting at like 20% or 30%. So there's definite improvements that should be made from there. Yeah. I wonder if we can filter by favourites. I wonder if by Where is favourites? Should it be a bit of light, people? No, I think you can. Thank you. Thank you. March 10th, 2018, it's not too bad.
xavier kelly: Transformation in the many chat flows, transformation on the Instagram page, make sure. Setter doesn't put dashes in messages and reads messages more clearly and personalize them where needed, focusing time on qualified leads, not unqualified leads, so they look like a child.
Kyle Musca: Stop saying trust me as well.
xavier kelly: And stop saying trust me, yeah. On the sales calls, what I've been doing is, instead of like sending the link, when they say, yeah, does that sound reasonable? And they go, yeah, it sounds reasonable. Is that within budget? And they go, yes, within budget. I'm like, okay, cool. So you want to get started? And if they say, yeah, I just go, awesome, let me set up your account. And I just ask for their card details over the call so that I can schedule the payment instead of sending them a link. So it's like, it's not like, here's the link. Yeah, I'll do it when I'm ready. It's just like, okay, cool. What's your email? Awesome. Where do live? Cool. And your card details? We'll set up the payment to start for it next week.
Kyle Musca: I like to get them to pay on the call. You can send a link. Link's fine. would send them the invoice. Get them to pay there and then make them a commitment. Because otherwise, they'll say, yeah, we'll start next week. And then what happened with that previous guy you sold? You'll do work for them and stuff. And then they'll just pull out. If they've made the payment, they've committed to it. Yeah.
xavier kelly: Okay. So it's just like, I'll set up your account now. And we'll do the 40% of the total cost. What's your email? What's your thing? Okay, cool. Card number, read it out.
Kyle Musca: What do you use?
xavier kelly: Stripe, Nui? I'm just using Stripe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would do, like, cool. I just, so you need to use payment links in Stripe or in... Go into settings and make sure when you do an invoice. Payment links create the account, so I'll just use that. If you do use invoices, you need to make sure that the setting in Stripe is turned off to not ask them to save payment information, so it just saves it automatically. That's not legal advice because it does give you a disclaimer that that's against policies in most areas. But what I do is like, cool, all right, well, in that case, just need a few more details from you just to create your account and everything like that. It should only take us a minute or so, and then I'll have everything I need to get started. Now, there's different ways to go about this. I like to quickly activate their account, so I don't know if you have to do that or anything like that with your platform. But essentially, I just enter their name in their email, and then it sends them an email. Cool, I just sent you an account activation. Did that one come through? Yep, they'll quickly run through that. It takes about a minute. And then I'll be like, sweet. Last thing now is just to cover that initial deposit. I'll just shoot you through the link right now. Did that one come through? Yep, sweet. They might say, I've got to run. I've got to get back to work or whatever. You have to make sure that they pay there and then. It doesn't matter how excited they sound, how committed they said they were. It's like, oh, have to run. Yeah, no, this will literally take two seconds. It just says I just need it to fully activate your account. Can you quickly power through that? Because it literally does. It autofills and everything. They just have to click on the link and open it.
xavier kelly: Yeah, but that doesn't like save the details so that you can then bill monthly, right?
Kyle Musca: So on Stripe, it's like I need the payment links. So that's why I use payment links. It will create. So payment links is different to invoices.
xavier kelly: We do. I've been trying to find that. I've been trying.
Kyle Musca: I swear to God, mine's got to be different. Yeah, so you go payment links, create payment link. You put whatever. Now, it's really important. Under advanced options, save payment details for future use.
xavier kelly: And you would just make like a $1 link?
Kyle Musca: You can make a $1 one if you want. What I would do now, what I would do, again, make sure they paid on the call. You know what mean? So cool, gold deposit, $2,200. Now, see how it's not a recurring? So that's where you have to click save payment details.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, sweet, create links, send that through to them. Then, done. I would play around with this because, you know, you might need to edit the product, add different prices and stuff, set different ones as default, right? If I update that product, set that as the default. So you've got like one product with different options? It doesn't matter. Like, realistically, you can create it quickly there. It takes like two seconds. Or if you don't want it to be too messy, you can just do, yeah, the deposit with different payments. Bye. Bye. Payment prices. Again, play around with it, figure out how you want to do it.
xavier kelly: Right, and that has to put their name, they put their card details, their name, and it sets them up as a customer when they go through the link, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, once they pay, it create their customer account.
xavier kelly: Cool, cool, cool, cool.
Kyle Musca: So that's payment links. Otherwise, you can come into, if you are going to use invoices and stuff, you just come into here, you go billing, invoices. And then you need make sure this is turned off. Ask customers before saving that payment information, but it'll give you that.
xavier kelly: Billing invoices.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then turn that one off, but then it gives you that one.
xavier kelly: I'll do it for the link.
Kyle Musca: But you already asked, like, the reason I turned that off is because you're being upfront and transparent with them that obviously, you know, you will be saving their, you know, they'll be paying in future.
xavier kelly: So you've already discussed that that's happening. Yeah, and you've got... You know, the Fathom court proved that like you said those things anyway. And then you have your jot form for your contract, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the agreement, yeah.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, overall, man, like you're getting really good lead flow. I mean, you've got plenty of lead flow. Even at a low conversion ratio in terms of booking conversion ratios, eight calls are still, you know, quite good. We can sign 50% of them, that's four clients a week. And these are, these are organic. So they should be, you know, like easier sales, essentially. What I'll go do is, as long as they're obviously qualified, I'll go have a chat to my sales trainer, see if we can get a few sessions lined up for you. And then that should help quite a lot. Like people have had one session with him and come out the other side, like  instantly closing. So, yeah, we'll go with that. So, yeah. I would have a serious chat. I'll also have a chat to my DM center and see if she'll do a commission-based thing, like fully commission-based thing. She might. Usually she has like a hybrid where it's flat rate. It's only like five or six USD an hour and then 25 USD.
xavier kelly: Maybe into?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'll have a chat with her, see if she's open to it. She might not be. I don't know. We'll see. And then go from there. But yeah, I think the setting side of things could definitely be better. Like he's charging 10% for that.
xavier kelly: It's just not worth it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you could also potentially even get, we could even like, I could even try and source someone on Upwork that will do a commission-based 100%. And I've got all the trainings and everything to train them right up quickly. We'll figure that out. I'll have a play around and see what we can do there. But otherwise, it's not a lead flow issue. We've solved that issue. It's now a conversion issue on the DM setting and the sales side of things.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Cool. And then just... Like one last thing, because I said I wanted to have a look at just the content. So if I, I'll share my screen. Cool. So obviously like the most important thing is the hook is the first kind of like five to 10 seconds. And someone that I've been looking at a lot is this Lewis guy in terms of, he's probably the most similar to me in content style. And then there's also that AG coaching guy on Instagram. No, no, no. He works for Alex Gamble. So with the, the start of the videos, this is. It's like my conundrum. It's like, I look at Lewis Howard P.T. and the intros to his videos, he doesn't do like the typical, when someone goes, if you add eggs, and he goes, adding eggs. He tries to be more funny, the first clip, like the first thing he says. And it adds a lot of   internet, bro, kind of personality. And then you've got this other guy, AG Coaching Guy. Of course, when I want to show something, it does this. If it loads. We'll just go through my videos. So, did you know if you had rice? That was great. You want to lose fat? Let me have a check. If you add banana, what's going to happen if I add? So, I can say something. Funny, like, what's going happen if I have bananas? Or something like that. Or when I start the video, I instantly- calories for the whole bowl. And I say, 200 calories for the whole thing? You know, just classic fitness creator reaction content. Like, what's your thoughts? Do I go, 200 calories for the whole thing, adding eggs? Or do I do the hybrid where I try to be a little bit more funny, but also incorporate the just simple reacting, putting it in system thing?
Kyle Musca: I would say do whatever's going to suit you, like, your personality best. You know what mean? Don't try and force something that's just not aligned with you, because people will see that, you know what I mean? And they'll feel it. Now, so, for example, I'll show you my screen just so it's a little bit clearer on the internet side of things. And we'll look at your profile. Um, wait, do want to stop sharing? There you go. Put sharing on my side. It's going in here. Oh, there we go. Cool. So. Where was that one?
xavier kelly: Do you want me to love it?
Kyle Musca: That one? No, was one you posted only recently. So this is what I thought when I saw this one. This one didn't perform as well as usual, by the sounds of it. Yeah. I thought you spoke, you probably over-spoke. Yeah. And what I would do, and what I do do, especially with ads and stuff, and even my organic content, is I'll re-look at the video, and anything I can cut out, and it still makes sense, I'll cut out. Shorter is better.
xavier kelly: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, let have a check. Not bad. Who am I kidding? We all need to lose fat.
xavier kelly: Like, that just slowed the video down heaps.
Kyle Musca: Every single night after- Who am I kidding?
xavier kelly: We all need to lose fat.
Kyle Musca: That's it. Um, yeah. I mean, you can say whatever is relevant to it, but like, let's say- Did you know if you had right? You want to lose fat. Let me have a check. Not bad. Who am I kidding? We all need to lose fat. But every single night after dinner, you just, you just need that. After dinner, I need some sleep. Sweet little something. Oh, and dessert. Yeah, I need that too. Well, guess what, Susan? You can have both. Let's begin. Blender. Blender. Go. So it took probably, I don't know the exact time there, but it took too long to actually get into the video.
xavier kelly: I think it just slowed it right down. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
xavier kelly: So it could have been like cut parts of her video at the start there to just get to the bit where she goes, Blender, and like fast into making it, right?
Kyle Musca: You want to lose fat. Let me have a check. Not bad. Who am I kidding? We all need to lose fat. But every single night after dinner, you just, you just need that. After dinner, I need some sleep. Sweet little something. Oh, and dessert. Yeah, I need that too. Well, guess what, Susan? You can have both. Let's begin. Blender. Blender. Did that original video, I assumed, did quite viral?
xavier kelly: Yeah, it went viral and, um, um, Tarn did a reaction video to it. It went well. So I did it. He does obviously a different kind of reaction video. So like, it's not like for like when I like take a video that went well for him. But I think you're right in the sense that when she says you want to lose fat, I should have been like, yep, I do. And then instead of like trying to be too witty at the start, unless like the joke is there and it's easy and it's short, I should just keep it safe and just say 200 calories for the whole bowl. Or, yep, that looks amazing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: Something simple at the start.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would. You don't want anything slowing down the video, especially at the start.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like you just want to get into the video straight away. So they're engaged to, you know, watch the, like if they start watching the recipe, the more likely going to watch all the way through to the end, essentially. So it's like, just don't throw anything in there. If we have a look at, you know, what has worked really well for you. If you add banana, what's going to happen if I add bananas? Egg, eggs are going in. See much faster paste that is? A of cocoa, yogurt, 200 grams of yogurt, honey, a of nature's nectar, every glass for all. Next set, while I'm mixing this, if you haven't already, drop me a follow. Pour it and bake it, and now we pour it and bake it. So much faster and more engaging. You've just made it clean. You know what mean? Even like this. 200 calories for the whole bowl. 200 calories for the whole thing? Yes, this whole bowl is one serving. Well, it'd be a bit misleading if the whole bowl was two servings. And it has 30 grams of protein in it. 30 grams of protein, I'm in. You know what mean? Way faster.
xavier kelly: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: You know what So I wouldn't try and force the wittiness. You know what mean? People will instantly see that, and it would just be like, as soon as you start seeming like not authentic or, you know, like not yourself, or, you know, you're trying too hard, essentially, people will just, like, won't watch. They'll just keep scrolling.
xavier kelly: Yeah. So, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I think if the joke is... His blaring is like, I think at the start, keep it simple in the sense where I disagree with what the video is saying. Like this is the best high-protein disease. And I go, yeah, it looks good. Or like, that looks amazing. I'm in. Something just simple, keep moving. And then towards the center, if the joke is there, like in that video I posted today, it was a good joke. She was like, let's blend it. And she's like, let it rip. And I just farted. and so like, don't do that at start. Just wait till like the mid, like, sprinkle it in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The internet cut out there. But yeah, essentially, yeah.
xavier kelly: That's good.
Kyle Musca: Because I think I'm in two heads there. Yeah. I think the biggest thing with you, is like not over-complicating things. And, you know, just we know what works. And it's just a matter of rinse and repeating now. You know mean? Like, if you go look at Torrens, for example. Yeah. You know, Torren doesn't try to... All these different types of things. just does the same thing over and over and over. I would just get into that same habit because, you know, we're getting plenty of leads through the door. It's like, again, we don't need to reinvent the wheel. It's just, let's just  pump it. Let's just, we know what works.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Also, just letting you know, I've taken up some part-time work just for some calls, some solar calls. They're not really in my working hours. It's pretty easy. And the battery rebates and stuff are there. So there's like a good amount of money to be made in the next like month and a half while the rebates are there. So there's at least like a 30 grand, 40 grand I can make from that, which I can then also use to put in the ads and like the whole thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's completely up to you.
xavier kelly: If it becomes too much, I'll do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: But I've got it there.
Kyle Musca: It's easy. Yeah. Also, be careful as well. Things like solar and all that. It's a different style to fitness. So don't...
xavier kelly: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Don't use the same strategies. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
xavier kelly: Fitness is harder because it's more emotional and you go through the worst. But the solar one is really easy right now because there's a rebate. The government's paying for it. It's ending in a month. So there's like scarcity, time. You're going to miss out. It's like right now, it's so easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Now, that's sweet. Yeah. Again, you've just got such huge opportunity with this. It's like as long as it's not affecting, that's fine. Yeah. But yeah, I wouldn't sort of, you know, prioritize or let your, this business, you know, drag because of it.
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I go from like one till six.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, man.
xavier kelly: It's like pretty sweet time, time in the morning to make videos and whatnot, do calls in the evenings. And because it's all U.S. calls. It's always. I. Either in the morning or in the evening. I never have the balls during the day.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, sick. No, that's not stress. Cool, bro. Yeah. All right. Well, I will go have a chat with my trainer, sales trainer, and my DM sitter and see if we can work anything out there.
xavier kelly: And I will keep you updated. Thanks, bro. I'll send you a message. Can you send me the link to the Fathom call so I can just get the transcript?
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yep.
xavier kelly: Sure. Awesome. And I'll send you like a text message about like Instagram stories and like your thoughts on like what I should do in terms of, what it's about. You know what I mean? Just so I understand.
Kyle Musca: But thank you. Yep. No worries, man. All right. I'll chat to you soon. And yeah, if you do have any questions or anything like that, just let me know. Cheers. Great call. All right. Ciao, ciao. See you, bro. Bye.


>>> 124/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-12T06:00:41Z | id:129248760
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. How has this week been as a general overview?
Morgan Eldrett: Overall pretty average, like just managing, just, I don't know, pretty average to be fair. Alright calls, I had one call, she was like a referral, so she was the one that I sold and that was like relatively easy, just to sort of have her because she already had been referred. The other two, one I thought went well and then I just let her off the hook and said you can pay later and then she ghosted me because I just felt like I believed that she was going to. And then the other, I tried to object and handle and it just turned into a disaster, I feel. Um, I felt like I just came across like an absolute , um, by accident, like I was just like, got myself really flustered. So that was, yeah, it was like a learning. I just, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes it was like, you know, you can sort of know the theory, but you don't really learn it until it happens. And then you're like, okay. I usually tend to find that happens with especially people getting off the call saying they'll pay later. You know, I would treat it as like a cardinal rule, but, you know, you won't really sort of let it sink in until it happens. And you're like, , I won't do that again.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. And I knew, like, I know her. Well, I know her partner, her husband. And so I kind of was just like, oh, yeah, of course. But, yeah, I just trusted her a little bit too much. But that was fine. That was just like, okay, I've just got to remember to just take the yes or the no on the call and just not, like, just leave it. But, yeah, the one that kind of, like, flopped and I kind of feel like I didn't objection handle well. So, yeah. Firstly, I was, like, getting flustered in the objection handling sheet because, like, I, like, opened it and then I was, like, trying to scroll through it and find the bit of the scripts that I needed. So then I got myself flustered because I feel like I started reading out the wrong bit and I just got confused by that point, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, the objection handle, again, like, it's just a reps thing, really, especially with objection handling. Because you will feel very flustered the first couple of times. That's why I would really sort of highly recommend that if you do get on calls where, you know, they aren't a good lead or whatever, then you still see it through and you just use them as practice. And that's where you sort of push harder and do things that might come across a little bit more salesy. So that way you can sort of reflect back on it, like, now, basically be like, well, you know, I know not to do that next time and, like, how to approach it differently. Because, again, you only really sort of feel what it's like when you're actually in the situation.
Morgan Eldrett: yeah. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, okay, cool. Did you sort of action much of the stuff we spoke about last week? Have you made any work on the sort of, um, community or anything like that?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. So I made the Instagram, um, did that. So that's good. Um, and then I have like been messaging in that and everyone seems to be pretty keen. Um, the girl that I did sign, she, um, she was a referral. So I kind of trusted her and she actually didn't pay on the call. She paid like the next day. But as soon as she got off the call, I added her into the group chat. So she was already in it, um, before she'd like paid. Um, and so I don't believe that she would have ghosted me anyway, but it kind of helped that she was in there. Um, so I've done that. Uh, I haven't done the loom, like record the intro loom or anything like that this week. Cause I didn't really have heaps of new signups anyway. So I was kind of like, Oh, that's not a super necessary thing to do. Um, uh, CTAs, I did, I think I did both CTAs, like hard CTAs, and then I did the question box throughout the week and then tried to DM those people, um, and kind of just like engaged in conversation. A lot of them, the conversation didn't really go anywhere, um, but I guess now they're in my DMs and now, you know, if I do post a hard CTA next week, they might be a bit more inclined. Um, cause I was like a bit, you know, sort of answered their question, had a little bit of a conversation, but I didn't want to then just be like, have you thought about coaching or, or whatever? Um, but I was happy with like the fact that people asked and I was able to DM them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. With them, you don't want a really hard sell. Like if at the end of the day, you just sort of end up conversating, um, and leaving it on a good note with the door being open, then yeah, they may well and truly sort of come back, um, eventually. Uh, especially, cause they're, they're a story viewer as well.
Morgan Eldrett: So they should be engaging with like a lot of your content if they're seeing your stories.
Kyle Musca: And then one of the things I would recommend, show my screen. Before I dive into all this stuff, was there anything that you wanted to specifically cover in today's session?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I feel like this week was just average. So I was just a bit like, I'm not really sure even what to, like what we would do.
Kyle Musca: I would still make sure you get all that pre, like the onboarding stuff, all the videos and stuff done, because you don't want to have a bunch of sign-ups and then be like, oh, , I need to get it, you know, scramble to get it. So it's like, if you've got a little bit more time now, like this is where I would really, you know, if you're not sort of super flat out with the fulfillment side of things, this is really where I would start building out like a lot of your, you know, depending on what you want to build, but stuff that you can essentially use is either like onboarding stuff or very much what I'm talking about is like lead magnet stuff, you know what I mean? So you may even want to start getting to... And we can chat about this is building sort of mini courses or maybe a masterclass or something like that. Because like once you, and this is something I'm sort of doing with Kyle at the moment, but once you have this, it's like, yes, it's a little bit of work to get it done. But then once you have it, you can just use it forever. I mean, you can give it to the girls that do join up to give them extra value. You can give it away on the front end as a lead magnet and potentially even run them as ads and everything like that to really get a lot of people through the system itself.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, one of things I saw was...
Morgan Eldrett: I know, the CTA on that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: I saw you like it and then I was like, oh, I didn't put a CTA in it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I check everyone. But yeah, like stuff like that I think would go really, really well. Did you get a chance to play around with carousels much at all?
Morgan Eldrett: Not really. I did one for Cal. To be honest, this is... It's been really heavy on the podcast because I had my podcast season two launch on Monday. So basically like throughout the weekend and this week has just been heavy on like posting majority about the podcast and nothing else, which is, to be honest, it's taken up a lot of my time because I spent hours on the pod.
Kyle Musca: So that's probably where it's gone this week, to be fair. Yeah. Okay. That's no worries. What I would do here is, where was it? It might have been, it might have been this one. Friday.
Morgan Eldrett: Friday, I think that was.
Kyle Musca: Was that this one? Yes, that could, good. Oh, this is the voiceover. It's a of body fat and inflammation. Yes, that could actually get engagement. Like compared to some of your other posts, there's these posts that obviously get really good engagement, but they're just really, pretty much. Okay. So... Let's see.
Morgan Eldrett: So I would definitely pump out more of those because that did quite well for you.
Kyle Musca: And then with these CTAs, know we've spoken about the structure and stuff. One thing is I would get really, really tangible with them. So as you can see here, I hope you go from stuck and sad to healthy and happy, which is good. But I always find like always add a specific numerical like number. Oh, you know, I'll help you, you know, for me, for example, again, it's, I'll help you drop 10 plus kilos in the next three months, next 90 days. So people can get the exact idea of it. So I don't want to go without heaps in this session. Okay, perfect, perfect. Now, yeah, so something like that would be fantastic. What I would potentially look at doing, how hard is it for you to set someone up in your system? Like as a, as a client.
Morgan Eldrett: Um, not that hard. Like, just, what do you mean, like, the meal plan and stuff?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, it's a generic sense. Like, let's say it's not, you know, fully customized and stuff.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, it's not that hard, really. Like, it's just reading their form and creating their meal plan and putting their training plan together. Like, most girls, it's just literally, like, two lower-body days, two upper-body days. It's not like people need real specific training splits. Um, and I've already got them already built out, and I just put that in. So it's not actually a really long process. Um, the longest thing usually is just sort of talking them through all the mindset-y kind of, like, how are going to approach everything, rather than actually building out the plan?
Kyle Musca: That's really simple. Okay. Yeah, because the, the reason I ask that is because you can do a CTA on your story, where it's basically, like, um, um, you basically do, like, a seven-day, um, mini-program, or, like, whatever you call it, right? Seven-day Kickstart. Um. Whatever. Well, you basically give them access to the app and you give them a program and everything and a bit of a trial and a teaser of, you know, doing the program. Obviously, you only want to be giving this to people that are actually qualified, though. So you essentially say, and you can do this with a couple of different things. So can do a seven-day, let's just call it a seven-day program. You know, a seven-day program, you can do a, you know, 15, 20-minute, you know, nutrition audit or training audit or something like that as well, where you get them on the phone. Again, you want to make sure these people are qualified before you're spending time on them. And then that kind of, like, leads into the idea of coaching because you've actually given them something of a lot of value. So, yeah, essentially, like, for example, if it's a nutrition audit call, again, you sell the what but not the how. You know what mean? Like, you break down and you show them all the flaws and the errors and everything like that they're actually making and then be like, well, have you thought about, you know, potentially just getting a coach to help you fix all this? You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh. For a seven-day program thing, like, you just say, like, at the end of the seven days, you know, you can message me and stuff throughout the week, but if you have any questions, but at the end of seven days, we're going to jump on a check-in call, and then essentially just transition that straight into a closing call.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, okay. That sounds... And, like, really, like, you're keeping the program, like, is it all personalized to them, or it wouldn't be?
Kyle Musca: Just... Nah, so you do want to have a reason for them to upsell, so it's like, with this, you I'm going to give you... You could even just say, I'm going to give you my exact, you know, upper-lower split, for example. You know, maybe you give them only... Maybe you don't even build out a meal plan for them, you just give them calorie macro targets to hit.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: I mean, because you want a reason for them to take that next step and see even more value in getting a, you know, working with a coach.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Um, and do you think that would work even if somebody's, like, not necessarily looking to lose a bunch of weight and just kind of, like, build consistency? yeah. your idea mean by... Like it would be the same sort of premise. They'd still feel the same, like they'd still feel something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, again, because your women, you know, the girls that are coming to you probably don't have heaps of weight to lose, as we've spoken about. So it's not necessarily that they don't have heaps of weight to lose. It's just, you know, the idea that they're qualified and that, you know, they are open to getting, you know, coaching, for example. You know, they want free coaching. Yeah, free coaching, I wouldn't label it as that because then you'll get a lot of time wasters, for example. But, you know, and there's different ways you could, what I would sit down and look at is I would break down like each four weeks of the month. So you can basically repeat these. It doesn't even have to be four weeks as well. But like, let's say you do, you know, Monday week one, you know, kick off the month we're doing, I'm giving, you know, the first person that taps this sticker, seven days of programming absolutely free. I'll build a seven-day program for you absolutely free. And then the Monday after that, you know. I mean, like, oh, sorry, let's say the Friday or Wednesday or something, because Monday would be hard to CTA. You know, the first person that taps this sticker, or I've got some time this afternoon, the first person that taps this sticker, I'll, you know, do a free 15-minute nutrition order with. You know mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The cool thing about these is, like, right after you post the story, like a minute later, you just post another one saying, wow, that went quick, haha, you know, should I do more of these, or something like that. So, you basically show that, you know, obviously there is interest in it, even if no one has clicked it, but people probably should have clicked it by that point. So, that way, you know, next time someone sees it, if they were on the fence about it, they were like, oh, , like, I need to know, I need to click that quickly.
Morgan Eldrett: You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. They'll be keeping their eye on it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And the cool thing about it is, like, anyone that does click on the sticker, even if you do put that story up afterwards, you can just message and be like, hey, I saw you clicked on that sticker. You know, someone got to it a little bit sooner, but I thought I'd still reach out just to see if there's anything I can... And sort of help you with, you know, and like, again, just starting those conversations up. If they're really qualified, you might even want to still get them on, or you may even just, like, go into potentially, like, going into the idea of coaching, essentially.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, okay, that makes sense. A little, like, nutrition. And then in the, like, over that nutrition audit, what would you, like, what would that 15-minute call look like?
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I would start it as, like, an actual nutrition audit, but like, okay, cool. So, you know, what have you been doing? I mean, you could probably even, for the most part, I find the script you can usually reword in a way.
Morgan Eldrett: So, it's like. Right, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, cool. So, yeah, let's just start with basics, you know, how old are you, okay, in your current body weight? Well, what's sort of your goal by the end of things? Okay, cool. and like, you know, what about your nutrition? Do you feel like you've really been specifically struggling with? Okay. Previously tried to fix it, everything you tried, um, yada, yada, yada. So you could pretty much follow that, um, for the most part and just gear it towards nutrition. Yeah. Okay. And then, you know, maybe sort of help me understand why you sort of decided to, I guess, get an outside opinion on this and get some outside help with this instead of just trying to figure it out yourself.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Okay. And then towards the end, like the selling point there, what, uh, like, how would you kind of approach that at the end? Would you just sort of be like, um, uh, like when it says sort of like transition to pitch, would you be like, oh, do you want me to kind of like run you through how my coaching works? Or like kind of gets the end of them, like them talking about them and how would you then sort of like segue?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, again, at some point in this script, you will have to sort of, I guess, probably diverge, because otherwise, you're not giving them, like, heaps, in terms of, like, how long it's been since you, you know, tried to lose the weight. We're not really doing an intrition thing as much. You know, because, like, why now, though? Why not just keep pushing us down the road? They'll be like, well, you just put it up for free. So we'll try and give them a little bit more value around. You know, the coaching, especially during this stage, because it's like, okay. So I would probably come through if I was going to do that. You could probably basically reword from here and above to be more nutrition stuff, because it's like, you know, I cut down to 1,200 calories. Okay, you're still following that now? No, you know, why not if you... Don't mind me, I think I'm just really, really restrictive and everything like that. Okay. Yeah. So you just didn't really feel like it was something you wanted to do for the rest of your life. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. All right, cool. So yeah, you, you know, you kind of tried following a few different diet plans and everything like that. You know, nothing like a lot of it sounds kind of generic or, you know, just following sort of surface level information on the internet and everything like that. I guess, I mean, have you ever potentially like thought about working with a coach just to have something like a little bit more handy? Hands on and someone actually working with you to make sure you're doing it all properly. Oh, yes. No. Okay. Well, I mean, it's not for everyone, but I mean, you know, if you'd like, I can just basically run you through how I help other girls sort of solve these problems if you want.
Morgan Eldrett: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Well, you know, if we're going to do that, I would love to like learn a little bit more about, about you. So I guess let's just start from scratch. mean, like maybe help me to understand. You know, why you may even be looking at getting outside help with this instead of, I mean, like, why don't you just sort of go figure it out yourself? Okay. And then you can kind of just transition into it.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. And that's it. Why now? Okay, cool. Yeah, that makes sense. I'm just trying to write that down. So where was that again? That's right before, like, why now? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: And you'd probably change that. You know what mean? Like, I guess, you know, what's, you know, it sounds like you've tried things before. I guess, why did you, you know, decide to actually sort of click on that sticker and get a bit of an outside hand with this? Like, why not just sort of try to keep trying to figure it out for yourself?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, now, it would really depend on where the conversation goes and everything like that. Um, yeah. Yeah. So it's like you might have to go off script to a degree, but, you know, eventually you kind of want to obviously get back on script, especially coming through that emotional phase.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you kind of like try and ask them before you get through that emotional phase. Like, yeah, have I, I guess, have ever thought about getting a coach? It's not for everyone, but it just like me to run you through how I could kind of like, um, help you structure your nutrition. Um, and then they'll say yes, no. And then you go into them, their problems.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then just in the DMs before that, you know, that's the sort of main DM setting stuff. You what's your goal? What's your struggle? And then obviously that qualifier, you know, what are you doing for work?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Um, any questions on any of that stuff?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I think that makes sense. I can, um, try and implement. That once this week or whatever and see how that goes and I can record that, record that one and we can, I can look through it again.
Kyle Musca: Yep, beautiful. And one thing I would, yeah, one thing I would look at doing is, again, building out some presentations and stuff like that. Just, so for mine, for example, just while you've got a little bit more time on your hands, because, you know, it's, I would love to do more of these, for example, but I'm just sort of too flat out for them to really be a priority. And again, they are very, like, when I very first started creating a, like a, my first program, for example, oh, go away. It was just a PDF program back then, but like, I still use that today.
Morgan Eldrett: just sort of give it away for free.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So, for example, like I created this, it's like, I call it a how-to series where I basically cover, you Every different unique topic that people, I literally researched, you know, what are the top 10 most asked questions that people ask around training specifically. And then I just created a video on each one of those. Cool thing about these is you can give these away for free. You know what mean? I just created a full breakdown on how to build a training split that fits your goals. Yeah, your body and your goals. If you want that DME, you know, split and I'll send it through to you. You know, and then that again starts the conversation. These, and then we can eventually run these as ads. Like, I don't know if Kyle sort of mentioned it much to you at all, but we're running his five-day training split as ads. And we've refined it a little bit, but from our recent refinements, he's starting to get some good traction through there. So we just see how we need more volume to go through it, but there's definitely sort of merit there.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that's good. So I like that. I like having like educational series and educational stuff for all my clients anyway. So that's definitely a plus. Yeah, that works.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it makes it easy as well. Like, again, it gets more actual bonus to your clients inside because, you the other day I was talking to someone who, you know, had an event coming up on the weekend and everything. And I did kind of explain to him calorie banking to a degree, but I was like, just go watch this video, man.
Morgan Eldrett: Like it explains everything. Yeah. Okay. And how long are your, like, how long are those looms like roughly?
Kyle Musca: Usually they're between like 10 to 15 minutes for the ones I filmed. All right. What's going on, lads? Welcome back to the hash. Yeah. So, I mean, it can be as long as you want, you know, some people make them like two to four minutes, two to five minutes. If you wanted to, it depends what you want to do as well, because then you could, you could always create like a 20 or a 30 minute masterclass that breaks down, you know, so there's. There's different ways you want to think about this, is with a lead magnet, we want to solve a very particular issue of a much larger problem. You know what mean? So it's like, if I were to talk about, you know, how to maximize satiety to stay full longer, fuller for longer, it's like, yes, that's a very helpful sort of video and knowledge to have, but obviously that alone is not going to, you know, get you to lose the weight or whatever you're trying to do. You know what mean? So it's like, give them, show them your expertise in that subject, but we don't want to give them so much that they know how to do it completely.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or in the vice versa, we do a masterclass where we basically show exactly what to do, and then we continuously see that where they're how, like, you know what mean? Like this, you can do all this yourself, or you could just come to me and I'll do it all for you.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So there's two different ways to Now, with this, do use ChatGPT?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So there's a couple of different things I would do here. So one, I do have the project files. Have you ever created a project?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I've got that. I use Claude, but same sort of thing. Yeah, I've got projects.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I use Claude now too. Yeah, so you just create the projects with all the files and stuff. And then you do have to go back and forth with it to get it right. I found with stuff like this, especially like literally this one is where I really figured it out. It's always best to, instead of just trying to tell it, like I do have the prompt to do it. But instead of just telling it, I found just go take a screenshot of someone that does really good presentations that you really like the look, like the layout of. And then just screenshot that and say like, put it in, like this is how I want you to, you know, essentially design it. And I to like do And, okay, That helped massively with the layer. And then what I would do there is once you've got it, you know, building it how you want it to be built, then just go away and deep research either the specific topic that you want to do or you can combine the topic. So, for example, you know, let's just say generic example we want to talk about, how women in their 30s can lose 10 kilos or 8 to 10 kilos over the next 90 days, right? So you might want to do one deep research thing on everything there is to do to know about, like, weight loss and nutrition and everything like that, which is like, yeah. So, for example, I literally do have them. So, for example, this is a nutrition mega guide that I made for, yeah, for example. So, it's like I basically told it, I want you to go and understand everything there is to know about, you know, weight loss and nutrition, calorie deficits, protein, macro intakes, micronutrients, you know, energy. Yada, yada, yada. Like the full nine works. It's like a 90-page document, right? You know, supplementation, everything like that, right? And then if it was just about that, then you could basically just copy this whole thing into that presentation builder and say, like, I want you to build this presentation based off this. Or you might want to do, you know, let's say you do one-off nutrition, but then you go do another one where it's purely around, you know, what women in their 30s who, you know, work shift work or, you know, whatever, struggle with the most. And then again, doing another mega guide on the, I guess, the avatar specific and their problems and their struggles and their typical goals, yada, yada, yada. And then you combine the two. So it writes it, you know, completely based off that. Does that make sense?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. And so is this, um, this is like kind of different to the educational series, like, or is this the same thing?
Kyle Musca: Uh, so yeah, no, this is the same thing. It just depends on. So what you want to do. So if you're going to do a masterclass, I'd probably do a big document like this. You're going to do like a specific, you know, topic, for example. So something like this, obviously you wouldn't need to do everything you need to know about nutrition and all that stuff you would just do.
Morgan Eldrett: I want you to deep research everything there is to know about how to track your calories accurately. Yeah. And you're getting it, it's like, did you make, is it making it, or are you making it then going away and like putting all the notes in Canva?
Kyle Musca: So I didn't make, yeah, I didn't make the presentations itself. Claude, I mean, Claude, I don't know how good Claude's creative capabilities are with that. I just, these are usually pretty cheap. Like the lady that made these for me is like $1, $1 per slide. So that's pretty good. Otherwise, you know, you could always just make like five or 10 background slides and then just rinse and repeat them in different order. It depends on what you want to do.
Morgan Eldrett: But you could do it on Canva.
Kyle Musca: Essentially. Yeah, you could absolutely do it in camera, yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Cool.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, you just pre-record with a loom and you're good to go.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So there is that. Yeah, there's that all you can put together. Like, again, it's just a resource at the end of the day. So, for example, Kyle has the e-book of the five-day training split. I mean, it's just something that you can give away for free. And what these really do is they just identify hand raises, right? So it's like, if I were to make a video on how women in their 30s who work night shift can lose 10 kilos over the next 90 days, you know what mean? Anyone that downloads that, I know there are women that works night shifts and they want to lose 10 kilos over the next 90 days. That is the exact type of person I do want to talk to, you know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And then, like, they, um... And they're getting it, well, however you're posting it or whatever, and then you're getting them in the DMs, same kind of way?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, essentially. So you could just say, you know, I just made a video on how to track your calories accurately for women in their 30s who work non-shift. If you want that video, for free, DM me calorie. And then we just set up a really simple workflow for it in many chats.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, cool. Yeah, that makes sense. Sweet. Okay, cool. That makes sense. oh, . Educational series as well. So, like, that can also be played in for my clients. So that's like a win-win. And that can also be a free resource. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Any questions on that?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I think that makes sense. I'm... I feel like that's, like, going to be beneficial for clients anyway, so I think that's probably good to make regardless, and then having it as a free resource and lead magnet will, like, obviously it's a plus as well.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect. That referral you signed this week, what, how did that come about, essentially?
Morgan Eldrett: Uh, well, it was, like, from Callum, actually, like, somebody knew Callum, and, um, the girl wanted coaching, and, uh, some, like, it was just through Cal, to be fair, so it was, um, not really, like, a real, uh, referral from, like, one of my clients.
Kyle Musca: Do you get many referrals at all?
Morgan Eldrett: No, but I don't really ask for them, uh, or, like, open the conversation.
Kyle Musca: How many active clients do you currently have?
Morgan Eldrett: Um, not that many, um, I don't know, how can I? I see that. Let me have a quick look, because now I'm curious. 1, 2, 3, 4, 8, 6, 12, 18, oh, like 20, really?
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, so referrals are good because if you get a referral on the phone, like, they're pretty much a guaranteed sale. Like, they're the easiest sale you'll make. Like, I don't know if a friend's ever referred you to anything like that, but you kind of don't even, like, second-guess it. You're just like, yeah, cool, I'm happy to use it. So, yeah, if you can get them on the phone, fantastic. The biggest thing with referrals, right, is you just have to ask. So I have it as a note every two weeks to make sure I remind my coaches to ask, but for you, you know, it'd be you to ask. And always, so with referral, you always want to ask after an emotional win or, like, sorry, a win, or they say something emotional to you, for example. You know what I mean, like... So happy I joined this program. Like, it's been such a game-changing thing. You know what mean? Like, obviously, you acknowledge what they say, but that's when you kind of, like, ask because they've obviously just, you know, they'll, if they think it's a really good service, they'll want to tell friends and family about it, essentially. You know what I mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, look, I absolutely love having you on the team. You're exactly who I want in this community. You know, just on that, like, do you have any sort of friends or family that would potentially be, you know, are keen on doing something similar? Like, not only will it help keep you accountable, but, you know, again, we want more like-minded women in this community. So if we can find, if you know anyone that's, you know, similar to you, you know, we'd love to have them on board.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Okay, I'm just writing that down. I love having you on the team. Would you have any friends that would be keen on doing similar? I like having a good for like-minded people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. With the referrals and stuff like that, you've got to, I guess, genuinely show appreciation and, you know, personalization to it. Because that's, you know, people will want to refer their friends and stuff if they know that they're sort of helping you as well. You know what I mean? So it's like they help their friend, they help you, and they get to feel really good about themselves doing it. You know what mean? So it's like if they do refer them, you know, one, you know, again, to thank them in an appreciative way. But that's the stuff where you can even, like, chuck it in the group chat, you know what mean? Like, I just wanted to, hey, hey, everyone, I just wanted to introduce Rachel. She's, you know, Samantha's friend. Huge shout-out to Samantha for bringing Rachel on board, you know, again, then going into the community aspect of, you know, we're continuing to build this amazing community of like-minded women, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like make it very known that, you know, because then the other girls will see that. thing that we you. One, that that's the norm. You just refer friends and stuff. But then other girls will see that you're showing appreciation and, you know, giving a bit of a shout out to, you know, one of those girls and they might want the appreciation as well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. Now, with referrals as well, you'll find that like 9 out of 10 clients won't refer anyone. But then usually referrals are feeders. You know what mean? Once you find someone who refers, they'll just continue to refer.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you want to identify your feeder and then you just want to, you know, treat them really, really well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, that's, I think Kyle's got one who's given him so many clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, again, most of them don't, which is unfortunate. But if you can find one, it can, you know, I mean, I know Jesse had one last year. She only had, they don't have to have a big following or anything. She only had like 2000 followers. Again, this is where she was posting on our story and everything. And she brought in like 40 clients alone. Wow. Yeah. So it's like, yeah. The reason that happens as well because, like, when they have a smaller following is because it's all their friends and family that actually see it. So it's a lot more of a personal connection than just, like, having 10,000 followers of just people that don't even know you.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, 100%. That's, yeah, that's good. I think referrals definitely I can ask for sure because I've got a few people that, like, are super grateful and really love the, like, loving the process. I think they'll hopefully be able to have, like, someone they can refer.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, and the thing with referrals as well is you have to make sure to re-ask if they say they've got someone. I mean, oh, yeah, my friend, you know, Sandy might be keen. I'm seeing her tomorrow. It's, the next day I'm actually set a reminder.
Morgan Eldrett: Like, hey, how do you go chatting with Sandy?
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Or even, like, right before, you know, if you know when they're going to hang out or something like that, try and, like, message them about something else, get a reply back from them and everything. Oh, yeah, oh, by the way, you know, if you're seeing Sandy later still, let me know how you go.
Morgan Eldrett: you. Having a chat with her.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like it has to be very top of mind or they just forget about it.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. That's like everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So it's like ask without being like annoying about it kind of thing. And it's usually a pretty casual ask.
Morgan Eldrett: It's just like, how'd you go chatting with XYZ? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then from there as well, all they have to do is have the conversation and then like gauge, I guess, the interest from the other person. Like, yeah, I'd be open to chatting to them. And then from there, it's like all you need from them is just their contact details. Like there's their name and their number so you can reach out. Don't leave it up to those two people to sort of reach out to you because they won't. I mean, they might, but, you know, you don't want to risk them not. So it's just like, cool, like what's her name? I'll just shoot her a message.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And make that known to them as well before they're going to be over there. Just have a chat with them. Like, you know, obviously no pressure if not, but if they are sort of interested to, I guess, learn a little bit more.
Morgan Eldrett: Just let me know. And. Yeah, can just reach out to her. Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, no pressure. Yeah, obviously, if they feel like you're a hard seller, she probably won't, you know, refer it, but yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, but they'll probably be happy anyway if you're hard selling. Like, if they're like, oh, this friend really would love it, like, she's so keen, like, they wouldn't care too much anyway, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Nah, like, as long as you're not obviously being, yeah, too pushy or anything about it, then they should be fine. Yeah, yeah, I've got a, I've got a couple of guys that just, you know, refer me clients every couple of weeks, every couple of months, so it's like, and they usually stick around for ages as well. So, those will also be the girls that you'll more than likely be able to start getting to post and everything like that.
Morgan Eldrett: Like, they're basically your cult clients. Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so, yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I found in the group chat, like, nobody's, like, Cal, because I was telling Cal about it, and then Cal made a group. Chat as well for all his clients. Oh. Obviously, given, like, he's got a lot more clients than I do, but he was like, , this chat's popping off, everyone's, like, hyping each other up, and blah, blah, blah, blah, and then I, like, put everyone in my chat, and, like, everyone kind of, like, introduced themselves, dead, like, ghost town. I was like, 's sake, and every time I post in there, like, nobody replies, so I'm like, okay, it's just me posting in it all the time.
Kyle Musca: You've got to, engage conversation, so always ask questions, like, when you do post, I mean, like, like, let's say you do a Monday motivation, you send through the Monday motivation, and then on its own, like, individual message after, be like, I want to hear your wins, girls, like, let me know, you know, a win you've had in the last week, and then explain why as well. It's very important that they understand why they're putting it in there, not only will it help keep you accountable, but I know that there's other girls in this chat that are probably struggling, so seeing your wins will help to motivate.
Morgan Eldrett: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: And then even call people out. mean, like, at Tash, I know you've had a win.
Morgan Eldrett: Don't be quiet.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then anytime you get a new client, make sure that you put an emphasis on, like, make sure you break the ice in chat, introduce yourself into this chat and everything like that. You know what mean? And, you know, even if you see some cool stuff on, like, social media or whatever, you know, share it to the group chat and everything like that. Encourage people to start messaging it. And you've just got to be the one that turns that wheel initially.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, that's what I figured. Like, I'll just keep posting and whatever. And then eventually someone will be the kind of person who just replies and that will start it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But you do have to, yeah, you have to ask the question, though, because otherwise if you're just posting and it's just like a, more of a statement type thing, then it'll be more of like a, you know, just like a feed post more than anything. You know what I mean? Like, you want to start conversation.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm, yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. And, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You could have, like, a Monday meal prep thing, for example, you know what I mean? Everyone show, everyone drop in, like, add pictures of your meal prep for the week.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what mean? Like, just that type of stuff.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Actually, that's a good idea. Yeah. Actually, it might be, like, Friday. Friday food something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Friday food  or something.
Morgan Eldrett: You know what mean? Yeah, that's a good, that's a good. Yeah, that's cool. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, like, PB Tuesday or PB Wednesday or something, you know what mean? If you've had a PB, drop it in. Mm-hmm. I mean, people want to share that stuff.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, they just get nervous at the start anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, no, absolutely. Yeah, cool. Does that all make sense?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that's perfect. I'm sorry everyone. So
Kyle Musca: Three times. No, you're a good one in the same boat. Yeah. And then the other thing, like your content is doing great. It's getting good engagement stuff. So I think, you know, if you just start slapping some hard CTAs on that, that should increase the conversion ratios through that. I would love to see you continue up with the voiceovers as well because that did do really well. Girls seem to love them as well. You know what mean? And it's a great way to show everything. Like you can show your physique, you can show your body, you can show the lifestyle, you can show, I would start figuring ways to get more social proof in your post as well. And they're a great way to do it.
Morgan Eldrett: You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know, if you, you know, girls to lose weight, you don't have to, you might, I always try and add the social proof midway because you don't want to do it too early, people turn off. You don't want to do it too late because watch time will drop. So it's like, let's say you do a full day of eating or something like that. then after lunch, but like girls, you know, it's so important to understand that you don't need to eat. to foods you absolutely have. Or you don't need to restrict yourself. You don't need to restrict yourself in order to lose weight. These are the exact meals that, you know, Rachel, Michelle, and Candice were eating to get these types of results. And the CTAs and like those little plugs and stuff should only be like one sentence max. You don't want to dwell on it and take too long because then people click off.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, it's quick enough for them to like see and then go. So quick enough for them to just like get back to the video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. You what mean? Like it's, it, you don't want to start putting on the feeling like it's just a, a promotion or something like that. You know what I mean? It's just a very quick little, and that's what the CTAs are even in the caption as well. It's not like we're doing the whole, I mean, I do, but it's not like the whole caption usually is about the CTA, for example. You're giving a lot of information stuff usually in your CTAs and the little CTA at the end is just like a little poke or like a little, you know, heads up.
Morgan Eldrett: This is an opportunity if you want it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. No, that makes sense. I definitely need to keep up with that and just, um, I've been a bit slack with the content in last couple of days, but, um, just need to make time to make it. I think that, um, the voice everyone took so  long, but it was just, I got to get into a rhythm of it because I was trying to find all these old videos and, but I found some funny ones.
Kyle Musca: It was okay. What I would do as well for them, I'm certainly not, um, super great at this. Um, but what I would do for them is like put them, all those types of videos that you do want to use for them in its own, like album and stuff. That way you don't have to always go like right back. You can just like have them all there and then.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. That's handy. I've actually done that for Cal, so that's, I can do that for myself. Um, but yeah, I guess, again, I can use the same videos and constantly refilm stuff now, which is handy. Um, and I feel like once you get the rhythm with that, like I was, cause I screen recorded, um, Kiara's video and then I was like. Kind of like slowing it down and like looking, when does she do it? And so it took me ages because I was like, like, what was she doing here? And then how did I relate that to mine and whatever? But I feel like you just rinse and repeat when you kind of get, you figure it out, obviously.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. And that's the thing with like pretty much most stuff is like, it's annoying sitting down and actually spending the time to figure it out. But by doing that one, it becomes a lot easier, but like most people just don't do that. You know what mean? Most people can't be bothered, which obviously gives you a massive advantage when you can't be bothered.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. But I thought that came up well, so I'd love to see more of those.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I think it was pretty good as well. And I can definitely just, yeah, I'm just going to do it. That's really it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. That's where time management comes into play heavily. So what I would do, I would section out, you know, two or three hour blocks multiple times a week, where you just sit down. And you just do content, whether it's editing or filming or whatever you want to do.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I definitely need to. I think, like, I'm a little bit just, I feel like when I do the pod, like, because everything goes into that, kind of, like, just lose everything else, which is I just got to manage. Because, yeah, I've got to just, like, time block. This is podcast time, this is content time, this is work time, and whatever. Because it's so easy for me to just be like, no, forget about all the other stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. To be fair, it depends on, you know, so this is where, like, delegation comes in massive. Like, because delegation, you literally just buy back your time. So it just depends on if you want to, you know, invest in that. So, again, that's where you have to sort of balance up sort of cash flow and everything. For someone like that, I reckon you could probably find an editor pretty, you know, cheaply, like, on Upwork. If it's something you want to do, we can look at doing. But if you did have like an album or a folder with all those B-Rock footage and everything like that in there, you know, that would essentially value just to sort of pump out the voiceovers and just let them edit it.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I definitely can do it. just have to make the time and want to do it. I think that's always my biggest problem is just kind of like letting this all go to the side, which is just I have to just make the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, content is very easy to get like that as well. Like, because, you know, you're not really usually motivated to film content, but it's like without content, the business just doesn't grow. So, yeah, I mean, that's probably not a bad sort of thing to keep in the back of the mind because video editors are probably the second hire I would make behind a DM set up. Just because it will save, like, if it's going to take you, let's say, an hour to edit one of those videos, you could probably pump out voiceovers for three more videos in that time. I mean, so you just leverage. I A lot better when you do that. I don't think it's necessary right now. I always think like look at it as like get really good at doing it yourself so you understand exactly how you want it done. And then you can look at delegating and make sure that the quality is up to scratch because you don't want to just delegate to someone who just does a very subpar average job. And you're like, yeah, that will do. Like you want to make sure it's up to the standard that you do it at.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. That makes complete sense. The exact same with my podcast clips. Yeah. Okay, cool. So this week in terms of to do. Sorry, I'm just trying to find the notes. I just was literally just writing down. I'll do that. Welcome Loom. And that's cool. Continue doing the CTAs. And then what else did we just say? Presentations. Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Referrals. And then also, I'd love to see some carousels as well. Carousels are great for, again, similar to voiceovers. You can show a lot of carousels. can show your physique, you can show, you know, food, lifestyle, and you can show client transformations and stuff like that as well, midway through. So I'd love to see some carousels. And then just some hard, tangible CTAs, you know what I mean? Even if it's just the same one on repeat for every single one, hope you lose six to eight kilos in the next 90 days without restricted diets or extreme, you know, whatever.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, I feel like the CTAs, like, with the real tangible number, I guess, like, because a lot of my target audience, I'm not really getting overweight people. Like, so, majority of my people are not overweight or, like, a tiny little... A bit overweight. And so I feel like, I feel kind of like a bit being like, I'll help you lose 10 kilos in 12 weeks. Cause like, I've literally never had a client do that.
Kyle Musca: So what is the, yeah. What is the results you would say that most girls are coming to you for? So it could be a physical attribute goal. It doesn't necessarily have to be, they should just know exactly what they're going to get out of it. You know what mean? I'll help you tone up, build your glutes and, you know, become the strongest, sexiest version of yourself, for example.
Morgan Eldrett: Cool. Yeah. Like, I think most people are losing like six to seven kilos, but probably in a longer period of time than 12 weeks. But yeah, like, I guess it's just more the physical, like grow your glutes, tighten your waist, like that, because I feel like numbers, like I also don't really, like as a coach, it's really, I don't try, I try not to put much into it. So I feel like it's kind of awkward if I'm like, I'll help you lose 10 kilos in 12 weeks.
Kyle Musca: And then, like, on the sales call, I'm like, I don't really believe in numbers. Yeah, I would probably shift it then to, yeah, be less about weight loss. You can sort of, like, yeah, less tangible on the weight loss, but very clear on the physical attributes that they'll gain from it. So it could be like, I'll help you lose weight, grow your glutes, you know, tone your body or something like that. You know what I mean? They should just be able to know exactly what, you know, they can get out of it, for example.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, and still have the time frame, obviously, because that doesn't really matter. But, yeah, I can just, I feel like if I just have the same kind of one every single time, like, if I just have the same one, I can copy and paste it, that would probably be best. So if I kind of just make the first one that's in capitals with the emoji relate to the video, and then the next one just be like, I can help you lose weight, grow your glutes, and get a snatched waist in 12 weeks. Well, nobody's going to do all three in 12 weeks, but anyway. Anyway, and then, yeah. get go. That's fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. To be fair, I mean, their glutes will be bigger and their waist will be snatched more in 12 weeks.
Morgan Eldrett: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And they might already have big glutes and a snatched waist. They just need to lose weight. You know what mean? So it's like, I like to think of the, it's a bold promise. Like it's, it's what's realistic for an ideal client. You know what mean? Cause I say 10 kilos, but like, I still get guys that only knew to lose five kilos come to me.
Morgan Eldrett: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Cause I was like, you know, I have done and I have helped people lose a lot more than 10 kilos in three weeks, three months. You mean, and that's, you know, if you want to go that hard and you're the right person, that's a realistic thing for you, but not everyone's going to need that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: But we just don't want to be conservative about it because then the conservative side of things doesn't betray confidence in our ability to do it.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. No, that makes total sense. Okay, cool. That's, um, a good amount for me to do. And hopefully I can do that. Over the weekend, I'll have a look at the presentations and stuff and just send you, like, drafts and whatever as I go. And then, yeah, I'll keep doing the CTAs and try and keep the content going.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Awesome. Cool. All right. Well, we're getting good lead flow. So it's like, if can, I think, just quickly, how much posts did you do over the last week?
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. This was a bit, I mean, lots on the podcast that kind of, a bit rogue, like, probably only today's and Friday was, like, tangible, kind of, like, coaching-y kind of stuff. Yeah. So it kind of was geared towards the pod.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that kind of does explain a decent amount as well. Still three calls out of that, which is good. But, yeah, obviously, if you're directing a lot of your traffic towards the podcast and everything, which is, you know, obviously, you've got the podcast to look after, so that's fine for a period. But then it's like, we can, is that going to calm down next week?
Morgan Eldrett: Not really. Um, cause I kind of want to push it more. So it's kind of like, probably only going to get more, uh, which is kind of tricky. That's a little bit of a struggle. Like, cause the podcast is only just going to grow. Um, but yeah, that's, it is what it is.
Kyle Musca: The podcast can still be really good. Cause if, if you've got a lot of girls watching a podcast, they should be really bought into you. Like long form content is great. Absolutely.
Morgan Eldrett: I, I think I need to like plug it in the podcast. Um, but I definitely can plug it in the, like, put it in the show notes of the podcast as well. Like I probably should just have the coaching application form first, like in the show notes, even like if it has nothing to do with it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I mean, like, yeah. Yeah. To be fair, mean, even if your podcast posts, if they're somewhat relevant to mindset, you know, weight loss, whatever, you know, as long as they're somewhat relevant, you can still definitely use them as, you know, still.
Morgan Eldrett: put the CTAs and stuff on them. Yeah, no, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Because I assume if they're going to apply for coaching, then they probably would have already watched your podcast organically. So it's not like you're really directing in different ways. Or they'll apply for coaching and then they'll watch the podcast.
Morgan Eldrett: Definitely. And I think if somebody is that invested in my long form, they're going to be pretty invested in what I say anyway. And they're going to want to be coached by me pretty well. So, yeah, definitely can do that. And I think because hopefully as it grows, I can like build on that as well. Like I know Lily and Tori had like obviously they've got a massive podcast, but they had like they did like a program and it was, I don't know, you would have probably heard from Cade. Like they made like, I don't know, like a thousand sales of this program and it was only marketed through the podcast. Yeah. So they grow it.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah, the long form rips so hard if you do it. Like literally. Really, with the ad that Cade ran up, I looked at it, was the exact same, exact same wording and everything as what George and Jesty was holding put up. So, yeah, if you can get long-form viewers, it feeds into everything else. So I think definitely focus on the podcast. You just don't want to make sure that, you know, like, because then you've got Velocity and your coaching and the podcast. You just don't want to make sure that you're suffocating the coaching side of things too much because that's going to be your primary short-term earner.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I know, and that's kind of what I'm battling because I don't personally, like, I'm not obsessed with coaching. Like, I'm not like, oh, my God, it's my favorite thing ever in the whole world. So it's always the first thing to go in terms of, like, where I want to put my energy. But I do just have to keep reminding myself that it's literally the only thing bringing me money, except for Velocity, a little bit, but not enough. So even though it's the least like, I have to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The thing I would... Really keep top of mind there then is like I think the perfect place for a coach to be is like get make sure we get good lead flow coming through consistently and that's probably when I'll get to the point where we step ads so it's like we want cash flow coming through organically so we can step into ads properly scale that and then it's like the idea there would be bring on a coach they handle all the fulfillment get that coach up to like 70, 80, even 90 clients if they can handle it. um you have all the time in the world you're profiting massively uh but they handle all the fulfillment so you can go focus on philosophy and you can focus on the podcast absolutely free but you're not by any means stressed financially you'd be making like 10 plus grand a week um relatively passively at that point.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah yeah that would be absolutely the end goal like do not want to have to coach.
Kyle Musca: Yeah so it's just about getting it up off the ground though like you just got to do that sort of manual labor to do that and then it's so smooth from there.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah and I think I've just never committed enough to get to that point um ever I just haven't so hopefully. Like I can just keep it committed now and then keep that flowing, but I think we'll be all right. I just need to just keep doing what I'm doing every week.
Kyle Musca: We'll do better, but. Yeah, we won't talk better right now, but I think when we do step back into ads, we'll just go straight into a challenge. Challenges have always ripped so hard for me and every client I've run. Like I'm running one for Meg right now. She's getting like $20 cost per lead, which is absolutely insane. So I think we'll just do that and then just try and, you know, get a huge influx of clients and then you should be able to get like good from there.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, awesome. Cool. Well, thank you for your time. I'll let you know how I go with everything and if I have any questions, I'll message. But yeah, thank you for that. And I'm keen to put that, like the presentations together.
Kyle Musca: think that'll be good. Yeah, perfect. Awesome. All right, let me know how you do it. If you have any questions, just let me know and I'll chat to you soon.
Morgan Eldrett: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. See ya. Bye.


>>> 125/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-12T07:18:53Z | id:129253638
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: I'm looking to stay here for a while. This meeting is being recorded.
ashairndorfer: You're not?
Kyle Musca: I am looking to, yeah, stay for a while.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Move around.
ashairndorfer: Lucky you guys got out of Dubai when you did.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I know. We were there like two weeks before it, think. The airport and everything got hit. So that's pretty crazy.
ashairndorfer: The airport got hit?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, I did see that on like a – I don't really watch the news. So when I saw it on TikTok, I was like, wow, okay, that's getting like pretty crazy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'm not going lie. It would have been like kind of cool to see.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. You're like, damn it. We should have stayed there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The media. Throw some CTAs off.
ashairndorfer: Right.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Did you get the check-in for my Synthria today?
ashairndorfer: I did. And I didn't fill it out today.
Kyle Musca: I'm so sorry.
ashairndorfer: I was thinking before. I'm like, , this is the first week I haven't done it.
Kyle Musca: Okay. How was this week? How been overall?
ashairndorfer: Pretty  . And I'm like, why? What's changed? I'm booking calls. Girls are cancelling calls. I've had... Hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll break it down. How many calls did you book?
ashairndorfer: Four. I've got two tomorrow, which I've sent the confirmation email, finally got that video done, haven't heard anything back. I've reached out to a couple inquiries today. I don't know what's going on. My first, like, two weeks were so good with booking calls and getting girls to respond to me, and now I'm just like, what's happening?
Kyle Musca: So let's have a look. So four calls booked this week. How many applications have you had the last week?
ashairndorfer: Bring up a job form. Do you mean inquiries, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
ashairndorfer: I am having an issue with, I've been getting a lot of inquiries that aren't from Australia. Now when, like one, two, three, four, five, like in the past, what's the date? In the past week, I've had probably like a good 20 or more, but I'd say half of them are from overseas somewhere. I'm trying to reach out on WhatsApp. If I can message them on WhatsApp, I send them a message. I send them emails. I've heard back from one person out of all the emails that we've sent. Yeah, I'm just not really getting responses back.
Kyle Musca: Do their WhatsApps connect?
ashairndorfer: Yeah, so when, you know, when you go on your phone and I just like type their number in and it says whether they have a WhatsApp or not. If they do, I always send them a message. And I think even in that, I've heard back from two, followed up with a couple. One girl has booked a call. I haven't heard back from her since sending the confirmation. Yeah, I don't know what's going on.
Kyle Musca: Okay. With, okay. So you could do, you could add an Instagram thing. Like if you're outside of Australia, what's your Instagram to the thing?
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And make it not, like something, not something that they have to fill out. Like none. Like I'll book it, like, mandatory. Yeah. The issue there is, like, if they're a private account or something like that, you'll just end up in the request folder.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, I know.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, like, you might run into the same issue. The other thing you could also potentially try is sending, like, an iMessage because that will allow you to send, like, phone numbers overseas.
ashairndorfer: So I have been doing that as well. A couple of them I've sent messages to. I'm not getting anything back.
Kyle Musca: Are they from, like, normal countries, like, U.S.
ashairndorfer: or England or something, or are they from? I don't know what their  numbers are, to be honest. A lot of them, like, sometimes I chuck it into chat. I'm like, hey, where's this from? What's the area code? Where am I sending this to? Like, let's just use. So yesterday, I had one, two, three. From. From. From. From. Let me try and send – I'll send these guys, like, on iMessage and see what happens. Who is it, Sabrina?
Kyle Musca: What's the country code?
ashairndorfer: I don't know. It's got 586-422-6430.
Kyle Musca: Is there a plus?
ashairndorfer: No. So only some of them are chucking them in there. So I'll go into chat.
Kyle Musca: Do you have a country thing on your form?
ashairndorfer: I mustn't. Hey. I would probably add that just to make it a little bit less confusing for you.
Kyle Musca: So let's open your thing up.
ashairndorfer: Form, view form, edit form. Hi, boobie. No, so I've literally just got phone number.
Kyle Musca: So if I go in and edit this. Yeah, so I'd probably add like country and then.
ashairndorfer: Sorry, my cat is hungry. He licks my chin. It's the weirdest thing ever.
Kyle Musca: Very good. So I'd add, yeah, country and then like one under this. Sorry. Did you end up adding the conditional logic to this?
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, cool.
ashairndorfer: So, sorry, I've got one in here on like the jot form elements and it's got phone, please enter valid phone number. And it's got like the brackets, which I take, they'd put their area code.
Kyle Musca: Is that correct? Should I just chuck that in there? Or do you want me to put country as well just to help me out? You could do it that way if you want to.
ashairndorfer: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Otherwise, if you add the country, if you add country, then you won't need to do that. Because like US is plus one, UK is plus four, four, Australia is plus six, one.
ashairndorfer: I'll do that then. So delete that field, phone.
Kyle Musca: 586 sounds like it's a US, so it'd be plus one, 586, I would say. Yeah. And then under that, that may be why some of your WhatsApp aren't going through if you feel like it's not the right country code. But other than that, I would basically add just a text box saying, if outside of Australia, you know, and then you could even ask the best method of contact, WhatsApp, you know, WhatsApp, email, Instagram, if Instagram, add username.
ashairndorfer: So at the moment, I've got full name, email, phone number, country, age, occupation, under country.
Kyle Musca: Do you want me to add one where it's like preferred? If outside of Australia.
ashairndorfer: If outside of Australia, preferred form of contact and then do the Instagram thing.
Kyle Musca: Is that what you just said? Yeah. If outside Australia, preferred method to contact you. WhatsApp, email, Instagram, and then just say if...
ashairndorfer: Do me to put like a box or just something they can write which one?
Kyle Musca: Right. They need to be able to infill it because if it's Instagram, they need to add their username.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, true. Okay. So if outside of Australia, what is your...
Kyle Musca: Do you have many sort of transformations for girls that have come through your program?
ashairndorfer: Sorry, this is really  annoying and I feel like I  up really badly on here. I used Kahuna's for quite some time and when I stopped using... Kahuna's, after two weeks, it's wiped everything. I don't even have an account on there. And I had a lot of different transformations on there. I do have some photos, but not all of them. Like I'll share my, you can also give me feedback on this video. That would be really good too. What's it on? Loom. So I've got a couple in here. I'll send it in. What's up?
Kyle Musca: I have, yep. All right. Have you updated this form before we jump off that?
ashairndorfer: No, just doing this now. What is your preferred form? I'll just say if. When I say WhatsApp or Instagram, do you want me to say in brackets, please write your username, or is that pretty straightforward?
Kyle Musca: I would say. So you could say contact, dash, WhatsApp, or Instagram, and then in brackets, add username.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. All right. So that's updated. Do you want have a look at that one?
Kyle Musca: And I would probably make the occupation question mandatory as well.
ashairndorfer: Oh, is that not? Okay, yeah. Let me go to that. that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
ashairndorfer: Is preferred? Did I spell preferred, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's how you spell it, hey? Yeah.
ashairndorfer: Properties required. And I'll also make this one. Oh, no, it's not required, is it? Because they might not be outside of Australia. Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Ready?
ashairndorfer: Yeah. I'm nervous. I don't like when people watch stuff that I record.
Kyle Musca: Hello, my love. Thank you so much for booking in a call with me. I'm just going to take the next two, three minutes to run over what the call is going to be about, what to expect from me, and what I would love to expect from you. Step one, show up to the call. So showing up on time is very important. I do usually have back-to-back calls. Your time is valuable, as is my time. So I would really appreciate if we could try and be on time with these calls. We will jump on the scheduled Google Meet, and then we will go from there. Be ready to learn and ask questions. I want to learn about you. I want to understand what goals you're trying to work towards. So I would love if you could also have that figured out, how much weight you're wanting to lose, whatever your specific... How the fitness goal is. And then also, if you have questions for me too, make sure you have those ready to go. If you can't make it, I get it. We're all so busy. Life happens. But I would just really love if you could let me know. Please, I don't like waiting around for people who don't show up, as I'm sure that you don't like that either. It's like when you're planning a coffee date and your friend doesn't arrive and you're like, just text me, you know? As a thank you for showing up for this call, if you're dropping the word booty into the call, I am going to be sending you a completely free Build a Booty guide. So, this is usually $199. But just as a little thank you for showing up and taking your time out to join this call with me, I'll be giving that to you for free. Step two, I want you to be ready to take action. Success loves speed. Now, what I mean by that is, I speak to a lot of women who have put off achieving their own goals for anywhere from two to six years. I don't want you to end this call and be like, you know what, I'll try again on my own and then another two years goes past. Let's make action with what you're trying to do and actually work towards achieving those goals instead of putting them off longer. With that, I would just be a little bit, it wasn't badly worded, but I'll just be a little bit cautious of them not feeling like. Like, just because they get on the call, they have to take action. So we want to make sure that it's, like, non-obligation. So what I would probably say there is, like, at the end of the day, this call is designed to sit down with you and just make sure it's a good fit for both of us. You know, I need to make sure that I can actually help you, and I need to make sure that you're going to be a good fit for this team because community is something I'm really, really big on. If things do align and we do decide that it is a good fit for each other, I'd love to get the ball rolling on the call. At the end of the day, success does love speed, right? The longer we put this off, the less likely it's ever going to happen.
ashairndorfer: So I've said something similar, I think, in the next one or the next one after that.
Kyle Musca: Do you want me to redo and kind of just... We'll keep watching.
ashairndorfer: see. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'd love for you to speak to any other person in your life who is a decision maker when it comes to your finances. So before our call, I want you to have a chat to them and speak about how you're going to be investing in yourself and your health to then be able to show up as a more confident and sexier version of yourself. If we decide that we are a good fit for each other... other... And then I can actually help you get into the best physical and mental shape of your life. I would love to get you set up on the call. Step number three, I would love for to be open to feedback on the call. We're going to dive into your biggest struggles with your health, fitness, your ultimate goals. And then what I will do is I will build a game plan for you on the call for the next few months, see how that looks for both of us. Then if that makes sense for the both of us, I will extend you an invitation to join my coaching program. So the photos I shared at the start and these ones here, this could be you. I just, yeah, can't wait to have a chat to you, get to know you a little bit better. Please make sure you let me know if you need to reschedule or anything like that. But I promise you, this is going to be a very chilled, easygoing conversation that I want you to feel as comfortable in as possible. Yeah, so that's good. I would probably, because if I was going to read that, I would like, you know, and I did have anxiety around it, especially girls can, you know, if they've got a lot of weight to lose and everything like that, I would kind of perceive that as a little bit, you know, if I jump on this call, then I'm to be pressured into making a decision. So I would potentially re-film. And then just basically be like, basically say what I said before, need to make sure it's a good fit for both of us. And then if it is, I'd love to make sure that we can get you set up on, you know, on the call. Now speak to any of the decision makers besides yourself and, you know, be ready to invest in health. And what I mean by that is like, you know, a lot of times I do get on these calls and, you know, they are so keen to do it. But then they go speak to, you know, their husband or their partner or whatever, and they kind of like just dump that on them all of a sudden. And their partner says like, no, you're not doing it. And then they're sort of prevented from, you know, reaching their goals. yes, go obviously have a chat to your partner to make sure that you guys can make this work financially. But I also want you to have a chat to your partner about, you know, actually why you're wanting to do this, what it's actually going to do for you. And, you know, even just, you know, I guess being a bit vulnerable and letting him know if you've been feeling a certain way. So he actually understands that why you want to do this. You know what mean? So it's like, yes, we are talking about financially investing, but we're also talking about, you know.
ashairndorfer: Making sure that your partner is supporting you in that process as well. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't say that, but that's what I'm telling you, right? And then, yeah, if we decide to do a physical, if we decide we're a good fit for each other and I can help you get in the best physical mental shape of your life, I'd love to get you set up on the call, right? Again, I'm just so big on actually taking action. The biggest causation of failure is indecision, right? And where indecision comes from is sitting on the fence and constantly umming and ahhing about actually getting started, right? If we decide it's a good fit for both of us, I would love to get the ball rolling right there and then because the sooner we get you started, the sooner you've become that strongest, sexiest, healthiest version of yourself.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. If we say it's going to be an ultimate goal. Pardon? Oh, sorry. I was just going to say, send me this video.
Kyle Musca: Obviously, are you recording this one? Yeah, yeah.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, cool. Just so I can go over what you've said there because my memory is so bad.
Kyle Musca: And then what I would do is I would build a game plan for you on the call for the next week. And then, yeah, with, it's nothing you've said here, but just in general, with the call, we always want to like make sure that it doesn't just seem like a sales call or anything like that. This call should seem like there's going to be a lot of value in it. You know what mean? They should actually feel like they're going to get something out of it. So even if they don't, you know, decide to move forward, then they are going to walk away with a lot more clarity on, you know, what you need to do.
ashairndorfer: They need to do moving forward. Yeah. But a few months, see how that looks for both of us.
Kyle Musca: Then if that makes sense for the both of us, I will extend you an invitation to join my coaching program. So the photos I shared at the start and these ones here, this could be you. I just, yeah, can't wait to have a chat to you, get to know you a little bit better. Please make sure you let me know if you need to reschedule or anything like that. But I promise you, this is going to be a very chilled, easygoing conversation that I want you to feel as comfortable in as possible. I'll speak to you soon. Perfect. Yeah.
ashairndorfer: So I did film so many of these. Like, I can't tell you how many times I filmed these. Like, probably 30 of them. And some of them, one of them was like six minutes long. I was like, why am I talking so much  right now? And I did speak about like anxiety. And like, I feel like a lot of things that I spoke about in different ones that I filmed would have been really good if I could like add that in to make it a little bit more like welcoming. And to be fair, you can add that in.
Kyle Musca: Like if you want to add another slide, you can definitely add that in. With these as well. Yeah. I would definitely make sure you cover, if you get a lot of like reoccurring, you know, things happening, like girls say they have a lot of anxiety or something jumping on this call, then this is where you cover it.
ashairndorfer: You know what I mean? Maybe I'll do that in like the first minute, to be honest, because I have had a few girls be like, oh, I'm anxious. Like one girl the other day wanted to call because she was saying she couldn't get the video to work. And I was like, I know that's a lie. And it was just easier for her to have a chat on the phone, you know?
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. So if you watch mine in, yeah, essentially in that first slide where it's like show up for the call, I've. I literally say, like, don't be that guy that, you know, I get at least one guy a day that says some crazy emergencies that come up or, you know, some, you know, once in a lifetime accidents happen to their best mate's cat's dog, right? Don't be that guy. If you can't show up because you're not going to keep yourself accountable and you're too lazy, just be honest, man. I don't want to work with people that aren't actually committed to making a change.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I say it that way to men.
ashairndorfer: You obviously wouldn't say that to women. Yeah, I'd probably scare them all away and they'd be like, you're a  .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, for me, it's just like, I'm not here to  around. Like, and men, you know, tend to respond that better. I don't want to work with like some  that, you know, can't be honest. So it's like, for girls, you'd be like, basically say what you said at the end, but I would just put that at the start. At the end of day, like this call is a very sort of, very casual. What you said at the end here was perfect. That's a lot. Anything like that, but I promise you this is going to be. I also wouldn't say like, give them the idea of like, if you need to reschedule or anything like that, because I'd already plants in the seat that that's an option. We kind of want to say like. If there's absolutely no, we don't want to say this, but we want to frame it as like, you know, if you absolutely have to reschedule, we can just let me know. But we don't want to say, you if you have to reschedule because they might just be  feeling tired after work and not want to get on the call.
ashairndorfer: I can just reschedule. So should I say that in the first one that I did where I'm talking about showing up?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, basically. And then I just hold off from saying it on the end?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you could add it in there again at the end. Like if something absolutely does pop up, then yeah, definitely let me know. So, but I'm very big on sort of, you know, I'm here to keep you accountable. But in order to do that, I also need you to keep yourself accountable as well. So you might be tired after work. You might, you know, whatever common excuses are that they don't get on the call. I understand that. But if you can't prioritize setting aside 20, 30 minutes aside so we can actually map this out properly and start making a change, then, you know, unfortunately, like no one's going to be able to help you.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So again, put it into your own words, but yeah.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: A very chilled, easygoing conversation that I You feel as comfortable in that as possible. Yeah, so perfect. That wording right there.
ashairndorfer: But that at the start when I'm being like, hey, this is what this chat's about.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Very chill, casual conversation where I want you to feel as comfortable as possible. Just a few things first and foremost. So firstly, please make sure you show up with time. I'm going to be on that Zoom call or Google Meet call, depending on what you do. At the time we've scheduled, your time is valuable, so is mine. At the end of the day, you know, basically what you said there is fine. At the end of the day, you know, I'm here to try and provide you with as much value as humanly possible. And if you book in a call and you just decide to not show up and not let me know, just waste my time massively. Okay. I don't like my time being wasted, as I'm sure you don't like your time being wasted. So if you can respect my time as I'm going to respect yours, it'd be very much appreciated.
ashairndorfer: I swear I wrote Google Meet. Is there one slide that has Google Meet and Zoom? Like at the start?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
ashairndorfer: Yes. It's right there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's so funny. It's finding that fine line of saying things directly without coming across like too cunty.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. And again, everything we want to do is like frame it as the norm. You know what mean? Like people, it is the norm to show up on time, make sure you're ready to learn, make sure you're ready to invest yourself. It's not the norm to reschedule, but if you absolutely have to, then, you know, let me know.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Any questions on any of that?
ashairndorfer: No, I'll just watch this back, obviously, and then just take little pieces of what you said there and redo that. I don't have volunteering tomorrow. I've cancelled my shift for tomorrow just so I can lock in on stuff that I haven't really got done in the past however long. So I'll redo that video.
Kyle Musca: I found it's much easier to do it after you do it a lot and then have a break between and then do it again.
ashairndorfer: Like, my God, I could not believe how many takes it took me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was the same. Perfect. Now, with your CTAs, one thing I would...
ashairndorfer: I think we spoke about this last time. Go to my recent ones. I have been changing them up a little bit. Not in that. Sorry, I always forget to do it in my dumps.
Kyle Musca: Go to the next one. With these as well, by the way, these dumps are a fantastic time to add some social proof in.
ashairndorfer: So, like, if you've got a girl, you know, killing it weight loss-wise or whatever, you know, just throw it in Oh, as in, like, a before and after?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
ashairndorfer: Yeah?
Kyle Musca: I mean, they're fantastic to add those types of things in there.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Do you also think... I know you wanted me to put the call to action in every post. Is that a little bit too pushy and salesy with every single post? Or is it... I mean, we're trying to... And get people to inquire so it doesn't really matter.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would put it on every single post. You're not being pushy or you're not being salesy or anything like that. You're just giving them the opportunity that, hey, you know, this is the video, everything like that. You're just basically keeping the door open that if they do want to work with you, they know exactly how to do it.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you're not saying- Well, I guess when they see a post as well, it's not like, what does this girl do? It's like clear. Yeah, it's like, you're not, you know, saying in your videos, you're not making full  ad videos. About it and everything like that. You know, it's, you're going to feel like you're overdoing it a lot more than what your audience is. Because you're like, oh, I don't want to put it in every single post. It's too salesy. It's too pushy. But it's like, they're seeing your video every like one in 300 videos they see on Instagram. I mean, they're not going to notice that.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, so far.
Kyle Musca: One thing I'd also love to do is like break this down into that three-step thing. thing. Yeah. Yeah. And- For example, just because even that, like it's a lot of words and that.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Am I posting too long of a caption?
Kyle Musca: No, the caption is good because it means while they watch that, that video will play, which will drive up to you. So a long caption is fine. It's just really important that the CTA stands out if we're going to do that. So the way I do it is I would just follow this sort of.
ashairndorfer: Oh, okay. So break it up into.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I always do caps here.
ashairndorfer: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You don't, I mean, you don't necessarily have to, but you can see that that clearly stands out from the rest. I mean, like we, we want absolutely no sort of confusion or we don't want this to be underlooked. We want it to be very clear. It's there. I mean, so what I do is title, right? So, you know, want to be a role model, for example, this was her talking about how she's just, you know, terrible mother. don't know. Want to be a role model, right? So it's something relevant to the video. Now, it's relevant and it's clear, I guess, what we're going to be talking about in a way. But this is a title. All this is designing to do is try and get them to catch their eye so they read the rest of it. You know what mean? So yours might want to become the sexiest, strongest version of yourself.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: For example. I mean, and again, you can see that that little time thing kind of mixes in. Like, I actually didn't even really see that when I first looked at it. was only when I took a second that I looked. I was like, try and get something that really stands out. The peaches are So I might as well just do what you're doing, the little . The peaches are fine. I think the peaches are fine. Yeah. I think the issue is because you chucked it all in this, you know, whole section here.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Where it should be. Yeah. What is this one? What was my post even about? I can't remember. Discipline. Oh, no. like the hottest thing you can do. So, yeah, maybe I can be like, want to become the hottest version of yourself or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, that's the title. That's where the emoji sits. I like to do caps. It just stands out way more. Yeah. And then this is our big, bold statement. You know what mean? And we want to be very tangible here. You know what mean?
ashairndorfer: So always start it with that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the way I would think about this is, again, you don't really have to change this. It's just, mine's pretty much the exact same every single time with a slight variation, right? So it's like, the way I think about it is like, do you want to achieve XYZ without pain point or XYZ and become goal? So it's like, I'll help you lose 10 to 20 kilos, which is the very tangible sort of thing. You might say, like, I usually say, I'll help you lose 10 kilos over the next 90 days. Use numerical numbers. You we want tangible. We want them to look at it and know exactly what they can hope to achieve by working. You know what mean? Because otherwise, if you're someone who wants to lose weight and feel confident in body and finally build habits that actually stick, apply, like, it's like, yes, I know what that's talking about, but that doesn't give me any kind of, like, visualization of what I can actually expect.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. I think in a few of them, I've definitely been putting, like, if you want to lose 6 to 10 kilos, whatever, I guess I just need to be, like, literally copy and paste that main line and then just change it up a little bit throughout each of the captions, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, it could be, like, you could theoretically be the same every single time, but it's like, yeah, so the tangible outcome, steps that you can help, yeah, and then this was more of a goal-orientated, like, dream outcome, right, and teach you every step of the way so you can help those closest to you do the same, because that actually applied to the video, right? So it's like, if I were to talk about, you know, maybe something like this, I want to get jacked shredded, I'll be cut fat, build muscle in the process so you don't end up looking skinny fat. So even that. You I probably should have added more. This guy was talking, like, if you see this transformation, it wasn't really about fat loss. So I didn't talk about, like, tangible fat loss. was more about building muscle side of things. Something like this. I hope you cut 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks and become literally unrecognizable.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. A very simple. That one, that was a good one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a very simple sort of, like, framework I would follow is I'll help you achieve goal without pain. I'll help you lose 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks and become the strongest, sexiest version of yourself without restrictive diets. Or I'll be losing six to eight kilos in the next 12 weeks without restrictive diets and giving up your social life.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Something like that.
ashairndorfer: Which is relatable and everyone wants to do that. And that's this, yeah, I guess that pain point that they'd be looking for.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Or it's feature and goal benefit. Sorry, yeah, feature and goal benefit. So, you know, not in technically feature, it's more of tangible thing, but I hope you lose 10 kilos the next 12. And, you know, I hope you lose 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks. your waist, grow your glutes, and build a tone-defined body.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, just, like, different variations of that.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then if you can't go apply for coaching. So, yeah, I would just break it up so it's very clearly segmented.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because you're getting, you know, again, lots and lots of views on this. So it's, like, if can capitalize on that, we are golden. How often are you posting at the moment, too?
ashairndorfer: Oh, my God. I've got to say this week probably I have slowed down a little bit. So what? Oh, it was two days ago. What the ? I feel like I posted that yesterday. Two days ago, four days ago, four days ago. So... So, yeah, I think I've only posted four in the past week, which I think I've been posting about, like, five or six.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would, I try and maintain a five-day posting thing. should technically post more, to be honest. I have something I need to edit to post tonight, so I'll do that.
ashairndorfer: Another, like, workout video like this, seeing as though that one did quite well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and these are great too. Like, if the girls are watching these, you know what mean? They're watching it because they want to, you know, grow their glutes or they want to, you know, do something with training, right? This is a, essentially a, like a, not a lead magnet in essence, but anyone, any girl that's actually watching this is watching it because they're interested in working out, you know what mean? And growing glutes, essentially.
ashairndorfer: See, the only hard part, like, I don't know if you can see that, anything with my glutes in it, I'm trying to not post too much glutes stuff, like, 54% of my engagement on that post is men.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it's not too...
ashairndorfer: happen, but...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's very hard for, you know, girls to post anything.
ashairndorfer: I told you I had to delete that other dump here. had 21,000 likes from 90% men and I was getting so many  followers, which is great. But I didn't want it anymore. was like, wrong, wrong audience, please. So, like, I know that my workout videos do well with, I guess, you know, majority of the women that do watch it. So I'm just going to keep trying it and hopefully the men will just  off soon.
Kyle Musca: I don't know. Yeah. The other thing as well is you could always post, like, grab these and post them as a carousel.
ashairndorfer: Mm.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Different ways to go about it.
ashairndorfer: You can do either or. or.
Kyle Musca: I'm maybe your camera Or also work phone and I'm just your name's real or whatever. I'm just seeing if there's anything else. But this is good. Like if you're trying to lose 6 to 10 kilos in the next 90 days and follow a plan designed for your body, apply for coaching. Yeah. So something like that is good.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. I have had a lot of girls talk about – see, here's my thing, and maybe you can help me with it. You know how you do a lot of talking videos on your Instagram? I feel like I used to do that as well. But my thing is I feel like TikTok and Instagram, you need to have different content on both of those platforms. So a lot of my stuff on TikTok is just me talking random . Sometimes they blow up. I used to have insane engagement. Not anymore on there. But then I find that a lot of the time when I post talking stuff on Instagram, it does really well. But I'm like, do I just need to mix up what I'm posting? Do I keep it more curating? And workouts and workout like outfits and the stuff that I'm doing on Instagram now and then just try to keep pushing the other stuff on Instagram, TikTok, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I don't  with TikTok anymore. I'm the same. I used to get really good engagement on there, but I changed their algorithms and stuff.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I just don't  with it.
ashairndorfer: Plus TikTok's never had good conversions anyway.
Kyle Musca: Like the type of audience that's on TikTok usually isn't very qualified. So Instagram will definitely convert better. That's where I'd focus most of your attention. In terms of the kind of content to post, it's like if it does well, then there's merit behind it. But like don't feel like if you look at the best creators and the biggest accounts and everything like that and people that do the best, they find one piece of content that does really well for them and then just rinse and repeat it. You know what mean? It's not trying to reinvent the wheel. I've made this mistake as well. You know what mean? Like, for example, you know, if you scroll, I'm not going to do it right now. But... If you scroll down far enough, you'll see that I used to do like a lot of coaching, like educational style things where I used to put so much effort into filming and editing and all that . They just never did very well. So it's like why be your head against the wall for a type of content that just doesn't do well. So if you do to talking video, it depends. Is it talking straight to the camera?
ashairndorfer: Is it a reaction video? Like what are we looking at there? Just talking to the camera. But then, because the only reason I say is I've had a couple calls in the last, what, like one, two weeks where I've had three girls bring up the exact same video and they're like, I literally booked a call with you because you said like, it's really not that  hard. The way where I'm just like honest and I'm like, you just, you just not trying hard enough. It's not, I think it's on TikTok.
Kyle Musca: Sorry. Okay.
ashairndorfer: So I also think it could be an old one because I'm like, what are you  talking about?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, try it. You can always try it, see how it goes for you. You know, if you get decent engagement and stuff on it, then there's merit there. I think what seems to work better. Best for girls, just like in terms of, you know, having a female audience, is one, these types of reels that you do, I think it's this one, right? Yeah, something, essentially something like this, like the real trendy audios and everything like that, they're usually short, they go off trendy sounds, everything like that.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? They seem to work really, really well. And like voiceovers seem to work really, really well.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. I know you started, you mentioned that last time. would definitely have to do that. This one here, the one, how it's the mirror shot of me. I think I've spoken to you about this one. Nah, three habits, it's like my fat loss progress go down.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah.
ashairndorfer: These ones always do well. It's literally three seconds at the start and I do like 1.5 seconds, not even 1.3 seconds.
Kyle Musca: I told you, I need you, like, you know, I need you. So essentially. So this is the exact, yeah, okay, yeah, so that's, yeah, so that's a nice, short, trendy type of reel there. They work really, really well, especially when you've got something in here, because what will happen is these girls will, like, you know, read these captions, and then this will just be playing in the background. You know what mean? Like, so it would just drive up watch time. Yeah. Do we talk about, you know, the voiceovers of, like, Kiara and everything like that?
ashairndorfer: Yeah, and I have, , when did I do it last? It's been a while, because I just, it does well, but it's nothing crazy.
Kyle Musca: As in?
ashairndorfer: Engagement-wise?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, the voiceovers, yeah. They've just got to be real fast-paced, and they've got to keep the eye really engaged. Like, if you look at those videos, you know, they're very, sort of, very, very quick, especially the start.
ashairndorfer: soon. Bye. Yeah, hang on. Let me try to find it. See, like, I know that one's not that good. Where is it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see, something like this would be great. How I thought I wanted to look when I started to lose weight first. How I look after I stopped starving myself and building a better relationship with food in the gym. This is me, the mental illness, calories on my life, constant food.
ashairndorfer: So just posting more stuff like that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then, like, ideally, you probably have to maybe change it around a little bit here. But essentially, like, somewhere, like, here, towards the middle of the carousel. But, like, since then, I've been able to help hundreds of women lose weight in a healthy and sustainable way, you know. So that's... They, so it actually becomes a lifestyle rather than just, you know, a chore. Obviously, you wouldn't say that, but something along those. You know, hey, so it's just a nice little quick plug of a social proof and how that applied to, you know, whatever you're talking about, essentially.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They, yeah, so they work really well. So they're kind of similar to, like, they're a carouser version of what I do in these videos. I don't know if you've watched these videos, but I basically talk about a start topic and then midway through. I'm like, that's exactly what I did with my boy, you know, Jason. You know what mean?
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like you talk about a specific topic to reel them in at the start and then, like, you midway through. You can't do it at the end because watch time and view time will go down. So it's like midway through when they're really bored in. It's like, this is how I, you know, this is what I did for X client. Yeah. Because then these were. Really, really well, because someone, the viewer can start, like, they can relate a lot to it, and then they show, and then you show them it's actually possible by someone else you've helped. So it's like, if they're struggling with the exact same thing, and then you show the result of someone who else was struggling with that same thing that you helped, then they can be like, oh, Ash, can help me too.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Someone who does these, well, what I would really, really recommend doing is, like, when you're looking at kind of content, pick three to five creators that do the style of content you want. You want to, you know, do, and then just come in, like, really analyze, analyze how they do it. So, you know, Matt's quite good at doing these in his carousels.
ashairndorfer: Did we look at his carousels? No.
Kyle Musca: So, something like this, right?
ashairndorfer: Is this one of your clients? Who's this guy?
Kyle Musca: No. So this is, I do know him and everything. He's down in Brisbane and everything, but he does these kind of well. So I know, for example, if I want to show, you know, a good version of carousel.
ashairndorfer: Welcome to his, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's a way of sourcing inspiration, essentially. It's like, I wouldn't copy it by any means, but things with carousels and daily lives and stuff like that, you need to tell a story. You can't just document what happened, right? That's when they work best. He does obviously document here. This is a bit of a story of his upbringing, so it is a bit of a documentation. 2016, training like a maniac without a care in the world. I had a professional and natural show, surrounded myself with winners. My first PT mentor, first business I created, had some great times training clients. Here we go, plug, you what mean?
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Crazy transformations even back then. I've always put 110% ensuring my clients get the best results. You know what mean? So just plugging in any way you can using a transformation.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, I wouldn't usually do it at the start. He's obviously got a massive following. He's got well over a million. But if you do it at the start. Yeah. Um, whatever transmission is. Yeah. If you do it at the start, you usually get a pretty  return on it. Um, I say  most coaches in the fitness thing avoid. Uh, not just not your journey. It's not linear. People have your back. Not everyone will like it. Your job, find the people,  noise. Oh, transmission.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then like, look at this VIP, VIP, VIP, VIP, VIP, you know what mean? 355 caption comments.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Wow.
Kyle Musca: I mean, and you, and you don't look at that as in like, Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, he's hard selling now. You don't look at that like that. It just, it's just a little, you know, comment VIP. And that's the thing with these, um, whenever you're doing a CTA or whatever. the  you're trying to do? It should just be like a sentence max. I mean, if you're spending more than like, you know, especially in like videos or, you know, these, spending more than like  two seconds talking about it, it's like you're doing too much.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's just like, hey, I have this. If it's something you're interested in, no stress if not.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, does that all make sense?
ashairndorfer: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I think if did some, yeah, Carousel's got some voiceovers in there as well. Girls seem to love voiceovers. Girls love day in their lives and they're great. They're great. They show off your body. They show off the food that you're eating. can show off your clients. You can show off the lifestyle. You know what I mean? Like they're just, they're a great way to integrate like a plug, essentially.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. And then obviously like with the day in my life, it'd be like, I guess, telling a story about what I'm doing to achieve how. Like my current weight loss goals or whatever it is. Like I know what you're talking about, talking about like, I guess, like adding the education in there to, yeah, all of, yeah, this is so good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like, but this is what I would really, so I would take your mind off being a consumer and really focus on being a producer when you watch content. So like a lot of people like just blindly watch content because they're obviously doom scrolling and they don't want to put much thought into it. But it's like, if you can get into the habit of really breaking down, you know, why things work from like every different level, like kind of almost overanalyze it, if that makes sense, right? So it's like, what is the hook she used? What are the words she uses? How many cuts does she have throughout the entire video? But specifically the hook is where you want to focus most of your attention because that's what brings people in. How long does the video go for? What type of, you know, video is she actually putting up there? So it's like, and this is why I would watch it like over and over again. Analyze a different part of it every single time. So if we're going to focus on the words, for example. It took me five years to figure this out, but I'm going to teach it to you in less than 60 seconds. Very nice and tangible hook. It took me five years to figure this out. I'm going to teach you in 60 seconds.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Numbers work. Shift, that finally got my... Now, if we re-watch that again, because we just focused on the hook. It took me five years to figure... One, two, three... ...to you in less than 60 seconds. Four. In that first, like, three seconds, there was four different cuts where the eye was constantly moving to follow it.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? It's like you just break it down really, really, like... Like every second, you should be looking at something different.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You also notice with Karen, and very much probably similar to yourself and your audience, we're not using, you know, big... It's called technobabble. We don't want to use  big, complex words to make ourselves sound smarter. You know what mean? It's just like, here's a full day of... Yeah. So... was talking to Barry about this the other day, for example, she might do, here's a full day of eating for a girl, a girl who's living in Thailand who still wants to, you know, build a lean-toned body without eating a super-restrictive diet.
ashairndorfer: Yep.
Kyle Musca: So again, it's that goal without pain.
ashairndorfer: Yep.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then it's not like, you know, so first, so for breakfast, I had X, Y, Z. Instead, it's like, to kick things off, we're going to have, you know, this protein, overnight protein oats for breakfast. I absolutely love these. So it's like bringing them along the day with you instead of just saying what happened through the day.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. And like reasons why that would benefit you eating it and everything.
Kyle Musca: I find like, don't even try and educate with these as much. Like if you, again, if we, I'm not going to spend time doing it right now because we did it last week. But if you watch Chiara's and even me, Madeline's and stuff, it's like 90% of the video is just like, like  useless . Like it doesn't actually help anyone. And then there's like 10% where they might educate a little bit with very base level knowledge.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? It's like, you know, heat your protein, heat whole foods. But it's not saying like, it's saying, you know, make sure it's high protein or maybe it's like, make sure you're having, you know, 30 grams of protein per meal. That is not the same as the actual science of it, like making sure you're having at least 1.6 grams of protein per kilo of body weight. You know what mean? Like that's starting to get a little bit too complicated for women with very base level knowledge.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's just like 30 grams of protein per meal. I can do that. You know what mean? And then they go away and do it, but because they don't actually understand why they're doing it, then they, you know, continue to struggle with it. And then it's like, oh, I need extra help. Who am going to help? Oh, Asha. She's such great with all the videos.
ashairndorfer: She's helped me so much already. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what People don't want to be educated. They feel like they do. You know, they watch the Instagram reels and they're like, I know how to do it. But it's like, you can't get actual information from like a 60 second, 45 second Instagram reel.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Kiara's very good at using like buzzwords and stuff like that that will resonate with gen pop people. You know mean? Like build toned, you know, glutes, yada, yada, yada, yada, Yeah. Does that all make sense?
ashairndorfer: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, no, I do have moments where I'm feeling like kind of uninspired with content and I usually will go to hers. I'm like, okay, give me some form of like motivation, like, because I do like hers.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, like, it's just, it's called content hacking, essentially. Like, there's no point in you trying to reinvent the wheel and sit down and just sort of figure out, you know, the most , the hook that's going to work and everything like that. When you can just go look at someone's content who has already done well and you can see, and you can see video outliers to make sure that whatever hook you use or whatever angle you're coming from, is something that is already relevant to people.
ashairndorfer: I sometimes even just go back through my own  and I'm like, what does well? I'm going to recreate it.
Kyle Musca: And I literally recreate it and guess what? It does well. Yeah, exactly. Because these are, and again, that's getting out of the consumer mindset into the producer mindset. It's like, it's not just random luck that these things are doing well. It's because there was a certain, I guess, like behind the scene framework that was followed even unintentionally that works. So it's like build a framework for it and then just repeat that. Yeah. And then Wallace is up here as well. saw this before. Emily's really good at doing these stories where she does do a lot of social proof, right? You know, I just, I just want to take a moment to highlight one of the Elevate Girlies page, right? Right. And then heaps of social proof, right? This is a lot of wording. Like usually I wouldn't even do this much wording. Yeah. Again, if you're going to do this much wording, make sure you put a video on it, sorry, sound on it, because you can see how quick that's going. Yeah. Everyone's going to watch that, right?
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Next one, more social proof, 12 weeks later, even a video testimonial. So this is a lot, just floods it, heaps more social proof. If want these types of results, DM me a little bit, social proof like a .
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And it's just social proof, social proof, social proof. But again, you don't look at this and you're like, well, she's hard selling. That's so sell, you're so market-y. You know what mean? Like, you can feel like that when you're the one putting it out there, but other people don't really see it like that.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Unless you're just doing really, like, gimmicky  that obviously is very salesy and market-y, but yeah.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How you go do that? You know what mean?
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's another thing, like, do you try and get as much social proof? Like, when you're doing check-ins with girls, anytime someone, a girl says.
ashairndorfer: I have. I've got something I need to pop up. I was thinking of doing it tomorrow. Should I do it tonight? I've got a couple of like the check-in responses.
Kyle Musca: I would say just chuck them up as soon as they come through. Yeah.
ashairndorfer: See, that's my thing is I'll screenshot a whole bunch of them and then I forget about it. And then I'll do it tomorrow and I forget about it. And then the next time I do a check-in, I'll go in and I try to do it at least once a week, but I feel like I should do it like twice a week. I used to do it all the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You can never have too much social proof. It's literally not a thing.
ashairndorfer: And when I do that, am I obviously chucking in the link as well?
Kyle Musca: You don't have to. You know what mean? It's not like you always have to hard sell. If they're saying really  tremendous stuff about you, can always chuck in the link. You can chuck up a link every single day. Social proof always gives you a reason to throw in a link there because it's like I'm talking about these girls are saying how great my coaching is and the great results they're getting. So it's like, again, it's like if you want to be a part of this, here's your opportunity to do it.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know I mean? So you can't absolutely. Absolutely chuck it in there. You don't have to at the same time. I probably would. Again, you can't really overdo it. Yeah. But yeah, to answer that question, I would just get them up as soon as they're done because I'm the same if I don't do it there and then or just forget about it.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, it's so bad. Completely off topic, my eyebrow lady just got diagnosed with ADHD and she gave me some Dexys. So I'm going to have some of those tomorrow and see if I can lock in and see how that goes and get, I'll edit some content and put a whole bunch of  together, I'm hoping. So I've really been struggling this past week just with like closing off loops. Is that what you call it? And even getting content out. So that's going to be like a main focus tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Closing off loops as in on sales calls.
ashairndorfer: Well, even that I've had four sales Sales calls this week that I haven't been able to close. Two of them. One was that , oh my God, I wanted to gouge my  eyes out. Like the one where I was like, I don't even want you as a client. Like obviously didn't say that. Another one with the house and then there were two other girls. One girl this morning, she was driving to work as a teacher. I was driving to my PT session. So we, like we both had to go. We both had like a time limit. So I was like, , I need to follow her up tonight. But Monday I did have a call that closed and all the others.
Kyle Musca: I'm just like, what's happening?
ashairndorfer: Why, why aren't I closing them?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So one, would never take a call in a car either, either, if you're in a car or they're in a car.
ashairndorfer: But she said the only time she could take it was driving to work. That's why I was like, okay.
Kyle Musca: Even then I would just challenge you. Like, are sure you don't have, you know, 20, 30, you know, 15, 20 minutes to sort of sit aside. say, oh, my God. I say, So we could actually prioritize this.
ashairndorfer: This is a really important call to make sure we map out everything properly for you. want to make sure there's no, absolutely no distractions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If someone can't set aside 20 minutes to jump on a call, then they're not going to be able to set aside 45 minutes to go to the gym.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. So she did say she could do it at 7.30 p.m. and I was just like, it was probably my fault. I probably should have just been like, okay, jump on the call at 7.30 p.m.
Kyle Musca: Well, I mean, it really did.
ashairndorfer: that to me, I'm like, that's  late.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't take a call at.30. But that just doesn't make sense. Like, are you working from 7 a.m.
ashairndorfer: all the way to 7 p.m.? Like, what's going on here? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, again, you've to challenge people in a way that isn't, you know, chasing, right? Because that's what's happening here to a degree, right? Is like people can be arrogant and they feel like just because they're going to potentially pay you that they're to treat you like . But it's like you need to, especially, you know, from a sales and a coaching perspective. Thank you. Thank You need to establish yourself as the authority very quickly. I mean, like, you know, so for that girl, for example, where she was, like, being annoying and saying she doesn't eat veggies and  like that, a simple challenge there is be like, well, I mean, you know, if you're not really willing to change anything about, you know, what you're currently doing, are sure you even want to look at getting a coach to actually fix this problem?
ashairndorfer: Literally used that line on her about three times because I was like, , you just keep giving me excuses. Like, I was like, what, like, can I ask why you're on this call when I feel like you don't actually want what I'm offering you? And she's like, oh, no, I know I need it. And I'm like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would say, like, well, my biggest concern right now is that you just said you know you need it, but then you're also telling me all the reasons you're not going to do it.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you just walk away. Like, honestly, I'd love to help you, but, you know, if you're not willing to sort of change and you're not willing to actually change anything about what you're doing, then I can't help you.
ashairndorfer: And there's no point in us having a chat. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like just again, it's, you can't sell something to someone if they don't want it.
ashairndorfer: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: So it's like either protect your time and very like the, the reason that's so important is because it instantly takes away the sales pressure and it instantly takes away that chasing factor. I'm not here to try and chase you. I'm not here to try and sell you something. Right. I value working with the women that I actually want to work with. if you're going to make excuses and stuff like that, then I don't want to work with you.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, and again, you don't say it. It depends on the situation. If they're being, if you've challenged them three times and they keep saying it, like, look, to be honest, everything you've spoken to me about, it seems like you want to change. You're not willing to do anything to change it. So yeah. Is this actually serious to you?
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Very fine line. Very, very rare that you're going to have someone like that, to be honest. So I'd be very cautious about that. Um, but if it did get to that point, it's, If was  me off with their answers, and I've challenged them again three times before that, I would just say, like, look, there's no point in us having this conversation.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, and I reckon if I get another girl like that, I'll literally just be like, I'm so sorry, babe, I don't think I can help you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I just want to be completely upfront with you. Yeah. One, it just seems like you're not actually willing to do anything. Just putting my coaching out doesn't seem like you're actually willing to change anything, to change anything, essentially. And I've built a community of women that are really dedicated to becoming best versions of themselves. And I honestly don't want that to come in and corrupt the other girls. You know mean? No, that sounds good. So, you know, and then just offer it. So I will give you this opportunity. Is this something that you're actually serious about? And are you actually willing to change your actions and your habits and your mindset to get this done?
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If they say yes to that, it's like you can be the biggest  at the end of the call if they don't sign.
ashairndorfer: Because it's like... You're  piece of .
Kyle Musca: No, I'm joking. Yeah. This will come... come... Like, and again, I'd be very, very, very cautious about doing this. But like, for example, my, you know, Tommy, for example, he was going through a phase there where he was fed up with it. And like, I was watching a video, the guy basically said, oh, I don't get paid till next Wednesday. And he's like, you've literally just wasted my time. You know, I wouldn't do that. But, you know, if someone is...
ashairndorfer: What did the guy say to that?
Kyle Musca: He just, it was just awkward. Like, it just, they just basically entered the call then and there. Like, I mean, you're just never going to get those people across. Like, there's certain types of buyers and there's 5% of buyers that will never buy from you. You could make it as cheap as possible. You could be selling them the cure to cancer and they have leukemia. They just will never  buy from you. They will never buy from anyone. And I've literally had these people on the call. I've had a guy on the call before where I've, just to see how much of a time waster he was. was like, well, can you do 20 bucks a week? He's like, oh. He's Oh, It's like, what are you on this call for, man?
ashairndorfer: See, this girl, what was her name? I can't even remember her name. Oh, it was Brandy. Brandy, this is the really annoying one. Within the first five minutes of our conversation, she dropped how she had a PT that she used to pay $70 a week for, and that was too expensive.
Kyle Musca: And I was like, here we go. Yeah.
ashairndorfer: And then the whole conversation, oh, I've got IBS. Oh, I've got this. Oh, I've got this disease. Oh, this, this, this, this, that. I can't do this. I was like, what can you do, bro? Complain?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, again, it's very, you've got to be very cautious because it's like, just because someone says $70 a week is too expensive. It's like, well, you know, we're getting the value out of it.
ashairndorfer: I mean. Yeah, exactly. And I did add a lot of value. I knew I did. And I knew that she wanted it. Well,  it. I thought she wanted it at the end. And then she was just like, I need money for my holiday. And I said, I was like, okay, so if you're going away. Earn holiday in four weeks. You're still going to get paid leading up to that four weeks. So you're still going to have more money that goes into your savings account for your holiday. She's like, yeah, but I just don't want to stress about it. was like, okay, no worries. Like I was just like, I don't want to talk to you any longer, please.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would use those calls. If you get someone on that's not qualified, actually, this is really important to mention, that's not qualified or they're a time waster or someone like Brandy, for example, I would just use it as a call to  around with them. I would just use it absolutely in practice.
ashairndorfer: And kind of see what I can get away with.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just go hard on doing things that you would never try on a serious call. You know what mean? Like, because one, it helps you build a lot of confidence, but it allows you to, you know, test new things out that you wouldn't test in a high pressure situation where they might actually sign. You know what mean? And you basically just go into it as like, I'm not letting this person off the call until they hang up on me.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And it's like, oh, yeah, I mean, you know, I'm sure you probably don't want to stress about it, but what's more stressful, like, you actually committing to change after you just told me for the 45 minutes or an hour how much you actually want this or going on holiday knowing that you're not actually doing anything to feel confident in the bikini and feeling insecure when you, you know, take your clothes off.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. And I did say the whole, you know, you've got four weeks till you go, we could focus on four weeks of, you know, getting yourself feeling more, getting yourself feeling more confident. And I thought I did well, but I also was like, she, she's not going to  sign.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would just  around with her, honestly. Like have fun with it. You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah. That's a hard thing to do because people in the moment were like, oh, I just don't want to waste my time. But it's like, that is the best role play you can ever  get. You know what I mean? It's like someone who's going to give you actual replies. And. They're probably more than likely not going to buy. The other thing too as well is you can get those people where from the start of the call, you're like, there's no way this person's going to sign. And then they just end up signing like without any real problem. So it's like you can never really actually tell until you, you know, throw a price out there. So I wouldn't give up on it early.
ashairndorfer: Honestly, when did I have my really good week? Not last week, the week before. Last week? I think it was last week. Like, um, there was probably like three out of six of those calls or five of the, whatever. There was like, let's say three of them where I was a bit like, I honestly don't think this chick is going to say yes. And she's like, yeah, let's do it. I'm like, oh, okay, perfect. Let's go. So, yeah, I don't know. I know I still need to just build up more confidence. I had a lot of confidence from closing all those calls last week. I think it was last week. I felt really good. But now that I'm like having like, it's literally like the drug addiction that you said. Like the whole crack addict.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
ashairndorfer: I'm like, I'm feeling like I'm not getting my drug hit again. Like I'm feeling really depressed. Like I'm not good at life.
Kyle Musca: Like everything is falling apart around me. Yeah. So that's a, I guess, a resilience thing that will build with time is like, you've got to really get into the mindset of being able to execute even when you feel like . Yeah.
ashairndorfer: And that's like. Sorry, it's made me feeling like  when I'm on the calls, but I'm just like always in my head. I'm like, oh my God, like, is this person going to close? Like, am I, am I doing good enough? Can I actually do this? Like, it's doubting myself when I'm on the calls. I'm always like, you know, following the script, doing everything that I should. But then when they're like, oh, and I can't beat the objections, that's where I'm like, oh no. But again, it's just going to come with time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It will come with time. mean, this. Sales skill is the hardest skill that you'll learn, but it's also the most important skill because once you get that, like, it's, sales is one of the most universal skills that you'll ever have as well. So it doesn't matter what business or anything you go into, there will always be an element of sales involved.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing as well is I think, you know, if we sort of pump the content a bit more as a little bit of a slow week in terms of content and then fix up those CTS, we should get more leads through the system as well.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, it's definitely been slow the past week. Like, I was even thinking today, wow, thinking today, I'm like, where haven't I showed up? What haven't I been doing enough of?
Kyle Musca: Content's definitely been one. Content's one of those things it's like, you know, no one actually cares if you don't do it. It's not like a check-in call, for example, where someone's waiting on you to get a post up. But it is, especially if we're relying heavily on organic, it is the only... That's thing that's really going to drive and grow that business more than anything else. So it's like, no one cares if you don't do it, but your business won't grow if you don't do it.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Also, I don't know if you want me to message you about this, but I was thinking, how much would we be spending a week if we were to start running some ads to see how that goes? Is that something like, what would the budget be there?
Kyle Musca: So I would, for ads themselves, it would be about $100 a day, so $700 a week is where I would start. Obviously, if there's a return, it's like, we slowly scale it up from there. So it's like, you should be getting return from there. But the other thing is like, when we get into ads, it's like, you need to have the budget to be able to test different creators and stuff. Like, ideally, it rips from the start, but anything to do with marketing always comes down to testing.
ashairndorfer: So it's like, yeah, so the first like couple weeks or months, that's even something where it's like figuring out.
Kyle Musca: What's going to work best for me? Nah, it should go off a three- to seven-day testing window, to be honest. Once we step into ads, I reckon we go straight into a challenge. Every challenge I've ever ran for myself and clients has always been the best sort of all-time months. They just work really, really well, and I think that would work really, really well for your audience as well, so we might as well just go straight into that. Basically, the exact same system and everything that we've been using in terms of the funnel and the process. The other thing is you've got to set up the conversion API, so the guy I know that will do that will be $250 USD. That's basically the data tracking with ManyChat and everything like that. That's really, important. It's a one-time thing, but it will easily reap its reward over the lifetime when we run ads.
ashairndorfer: That's when we do challenges or when we run ads?
Kyle Musca: Both. So either or, because we'll run a challenge through ads. And then the second is you'll need setters in the account to handle the DMs and everything like that, because it's an extremely tedious job. at that. So, let's So, Thank So they're usually pretty affordable there and they're like, depending on what avenue we go, usually around $5 to $7 USD an hour.
ashairndorfer: And obviously this is all on top of the $700. So we're looking at what, like $1,000 plus? Oh, wait, well, the $250 was a once-off thing, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we're probably looking at realistically, yeah, probably between $1,000 to maybe $1,200 a week. Yeah. In saying that though, I wouldn't get, like, obviously the expense side of things, the overhead side of things is something you have to take into consideration, but you should well and truly be getting a return on that. You know what mean? Like, ideally I like to sit at like a minimum of six extra return on investment.
ashairndorfer: So for every dollar you put in, you get $6 back.
Kyle Musca: Usually off the rip and everything like that, it can be up to around $10 to $12. I've seen it at like $49 before, so it can definitely get up there. So I like, yes, the expense. The side of things that I would make sure you're prepped and ready so you're not fully stressed out on the expense side of things to get started. But again, ideally, that well and truly pays for itself once we get leads coming through.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, because I'm at that point where I'm like, obviously, I'm going to do whatever. I'm at that point where I'm like, I just know I need to keep going to ensure that I get better, more leads and everything. But I'm like, , when do you think would be a good time to run ads? It would be good to get a little bit more money in. But if I'm still bringing in money, like just enough, I'm like, do I try and start with ads?
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't put the pressure on you for right now, as much as I love ads. I would really refine this process organically to make sure that you're really confident with the sales process and everything. You're still getting plenty of leads organically. Just being able to  get them to have a conversation with me, which I'm like. Yeah, when you step into the world of ads, it becomes it's a colder audience. So it's a harder sale. So it's like, you know, it's much easier to practice organically, get confident with it, and then we step into the world of ads.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Okay, cool. Also, I don't know if I have anything else I need to go over.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So we're getting the lead flow there. Ideally, yeah, hopefully we can get more calls booked. I mean, 30 leads is fantastic. So that's a good flow. We get more people on calls, fantastic. And then the last few have seemed a bit of an outlier in terms of that was, like, she sounds like that 5% that was never going to buy that brandy chick. The other chick, house deposit, that's a real hard one to sort of overcome when they bring up the statement.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, and that's why I was like, I can't tell you to not do it because your bank's going to  see it.
Kyle Musca: Like, was like, okay, whatever, I'll like. Yeah.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, yeah. mean. And you could always be like, when you're planning on buying your house, if it's within, you know, a few months, you can set a reminder. So once they actually get the loan, then they should well and truly have the money to do it. Or if they're going to be, you know, a few years away, then you just sort of objection handle it of like, well, are you going to sacrifice?
ashairndorfer: Oh, no, it was within. So they bought the land or something and they need to do something with the house loan and then bank might have to go through their accounts in the next like two to three weeks. So it was like a very short-term thing.
Kyle Musca: If something falls through or whatever. In that case, yeah, I would just sort of be like, oh, okay, well, I would dejection handle it a little bit, but I wouldn't push it too hard and be like, okay, no stress. Like, how about we, you know, how, when do you feel like this will go through? And then just reach out in like a month or whenever they say.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. They should be good from there. They sounded like allies. wouldn't really be too crazy stressed about them. The only other thing. Oh, yeah. How'd you go with Amber yesterday? Yeah. Not Amber, sorry.
ashairndorfer: Oh, so she's working with Rhys.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. How's that going?
ashairndorfer: She's doing really well. So I was kind of like, oh, I don't really know how to. She did mention, she's like, oh, yeah, like, I think he did message me. She's just hired two coaches. Yeah, I think she's really happy with, like, everything that Rhys has done for her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. She's got a very good audience, so it's like, it's not, it wouldn't be a crazy difficult way to, like, sort of rip. But you'll find a lot of this is, again, even with hers, it's just consistency in posting. Marketing is very much about people will buy from who's in front of them when they're in a buying mindset more than they'll buy from the person they like the most.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Oh, I also, sorry, I keep cutting you off. The girl who signed on Monday, she also had a bit of an objection that I managed to get her to pay, like, the upfront fee, which was. What did she pay for? She paid $1,25, $1,200. She's going away in four weeks for two weeks. And I was like, well, why don't you secure your spot now so when you come back, you can start with the weekly payments. And I was like, and because she had a lot of like gym anxiety, I think you might've told me to do this. I was like, what I'll do is I'll give you access to a workout-only program. I'm like, I won't give you anything, any access to anything else, but just so you and your girlfriend can go like wrap your head around like what to do in the gym, rah, rah, rah. And she's like, oh my God, I would love that. And then she paid there. So I was like, perfect. So there are definitely objections that I'm coming, like that I'm getting thrown my way that I'm able to be like, well, what about this? Or like, let me put my coaching hat on for a second, talk to you about this. they're like, nah, you've actually made like a really good point. So yeah, maybe these last two calls, like the two girls I spoke to you about. And whatever, they're the people that I'm not meant to have. And then, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can't win them all at the end of the day. And you will deal with people that just do  hate it, don't you?
ashairndorfer: Do you still deal with a lot of people like that?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, because I rely heavily on that. so I deal with a lot more of them.
ashairndorfer: So yours are all like very cold?
Kyle Musca: They're not very cold. Like I've got the messaging and everything down pretty well, but there's still a cold. And you're still going to get, especially when you get into ads and just anything to do. Like it's a much larger scale. You're reaching a lot like broader of an audience and everything like that. You just get  a lot of stupid people message through. That's why I think DM instead of once you run ads is the most important, like hire, first hire you should make is just because you'll read those conversations and it'll piss you off for the rest of the day.
ashairndorfer: So you hire those people to be like, I don't want to have to deal with this .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then once it's a nice oiled machine, you know, they're booking calls.
ashairndorfer: You just sit down, you close calls. Happy day. Yeah. Yeah, that would be nice to do. Okay. Well, thank you so much. I need to eat something. I'm getting so hungry. If you can send me this video whenever you get a chance and then tomorrow I'll make sure I'll redo the loom.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Awesome. All right. If you do have any issues or anything like that, just let me know and we'll go from there.
ashairndorfer: Awesome. Thank you, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Have a good night. You too.
ashairndorfer: Cheers. Bye. Bye.


>>> 126/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-13T04:00:15Z | id:129616360
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. So let me log in. As a general overview, give me a breakdown of this week.
Imogen Harris: It's been a much better week. The setters are so much better. Well, the setter that is in my account, so much better, honestly. Being able to conversate with her as well, and just one  person has made life so much easier, so it's been good. Calls and, like, conversations have been so much better. There's been, like, obviously a few, like, I think there was one or two no-shows and a couple of reschedules, which is fine. And then one did the two-and-a-half gold package, and then one did the 1500 silver package as well, so that was good. So the two, the gold package came from the ads, and then the silver one came from Organic, so it was good for that. And, yeah, so there's a few real conversations happening. I meant to... I think I've got two or three calls, hopefully, for tomorrow as well.
Kyle Musca: So they're definitely getting booked and conversations are happening, which is good. Okay, fantastic. And how many calls from the ads have you taken this week?
Imogen Harris: Would be... , hold on, let me... So there was seven, and I think it's about five from the ads. So yeah, of them are rescheduled out of the calls that were booked. And then the other two, to be honest, they just about finances, they were just like, oh, like, I just, I just don't. And then, like, I would obviously just go, like, you've obviously, like, booked, like, you, you are, you know, you've made it clear that you want change.
Kyle Musca: And they're like, they just kind of was like, oh, I just don't think I can afford it. we No, it's just saying. Okay. Do you have the call recordings at all?
Imogen Harris: No. Can I do that? I don't even know if I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you can either just record through Zoom or Google Meet. Otherwise you can see on Zoom here, I've got the little Fathom note taker. That's like a free thing.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. I wasn't sure what that was when I saw it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You just connect it to Zoom and it just joins. And then that will also give me a link to like review the call and everything afterwards.
Imogen Harris: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So it might be worth it. We'll definitely add that anyway, because what I'll do is we'll review some calls and then I'll also get you on some calls, ideally with my sales trainer. And then you can break down. He'll give you some really good feedback there because from the sounds of things, we'll break down the CEO dashboard right now. We're getting good lead flow. Your cost per lead is fantastic on the ads and everything like that. Yeah. it's like if we can start maximizing conversions and getting these people across the line, I find that that is usually the sticking point. Yeah. I mean, you refine the whole system and it's just like if we can convert on that. And that's what will take you from, you know, $6,000 to $12,000. Yeah. Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, cool. No, that would be awesome if we could do that.
Kyle Musca: So what we'll do there is what was the actual, like, objection? Let's say you put the price down.
Imogen Harris: What was the actual objection? It was more just like, I just don't think my husband will allow it. It's a lot of, like, partner situations, which I find  wild. People need permission to do that. But, like, even the one that I had, I can't remember which one it was. It was like, oh, my husband, if he knew that I was taking out money today, like, he would just be so angry. And I was just like, what the ? It's like, you know, own your own money, like, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: So the objection, so in my opinion, the sale only really starts at the first objection. You know what I mean? Because, you know, everything up to the, there's definitely a lot of sales ecology and, you know, tactics and strategies we use. And there's definitely sales skills in that. But it's, you know, relatively easy to read the script, do it in really nice tonality. Like, it's not, I wouldn't say easy, to be fair. Like, it's. So again, requires a lot of skill. The hard part is when it gets to, you know, the objection. That is when the sale really kicks in. A lot of people handle the objection, like, horrendously. They get really defensive, everything like that. And then it becomes very argumentative. And what will happen there is you'll never win, just because at the end of the day, they have to see the value in the program and they have to be out. They're the ones that actually have to have the power to take their card out and pay you, essentially.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So there's the three main objections you'll get is obviously expenses. I need to think about it and I need to ask my partner. Now, I need to think about it and I need to ask my partner are smokescreen objections. Okay. What that means is they're not real objections. They're just using that as a method to get off the call and avoid taking accountability and making a decision right there and then, right? Because it's like, well, what do you need to think about? What do you need to actually ask your partner about, right? That's what we need to uncover. Usually it's finances. So realistically, it's usually one, but they'll give you three, right?
Imogen Harris: Jack.
Kyle Musca: The good thing about I need to think about it and I need to ask my partner is that will probably eventually lead into the expenses one. It's just a few steps that you have to add first. So let's say I need to think about my partner, right? A lot of people will go straight back into defensive mode. You know what mean? Like you want to change, you know, you need to make your own decision and everything like that. If you do that, the prospect's guard will just go straight up and there's nothing you could say. You could be selling the cure to cancer and they have leukemia. They're just not going to buy it, right? What you need to do is I need to ask my partner. Be like, yeah, that's no stress at So first you agree to drop that guard, right? Yeah, that's no stress at all. I guess how long did you feel like you'd sort of need to actually have a chat to your partner, right? Yeah. they'll say probably, oh, you know, tonight or tomorrow day or so. Sometimes I like to throw in like a little bit like, oh, are you sure? Is that enough time? know, like, do you need a week or anything like that? You know I mean? Like just to sort of, I guess. Not say it in an arrogantly way, one to say like, you know, not in a pressure-some way, it's not a huge rush, but also kind of plant the seed into their head.
Imogen Harris: like, do you want to keep pushing this off? Right?
Kyle Musca: Careful about how you say that, because if you say it like, well, are sure you don't want to push this off for another week? They're going to be like, well,  you.
Imogen Harris: You know what Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, you sure? Like, is that enough time? don't need like another week or something like that? No, days should be fine. Okay, cool. And so now we have to try and isolate or uncover more so than isolate what the actual objection is, right? Where we do that is like, yeah, that's no stress. And like, I'm sure like when you have a chat with your partner, I'm sure you'll, you know, probably have some questions for me afterwards. So I guess just so I can prepare a little bit, I guess, what was it specifically that you wanted to run over with your partner? Right? Uncovers the objection. Oh, just so we can make sure it fits within the finances. Oh, okay. Right. Okay. So it's really just making sure that, you know, it fits within the finance. Okay. Fantastic. And I guess now we basically lead into the price, right? Now you can throw in an isolation there. There's no one, like this is why it's hard to really build stuff out for objection handling because it will vary based on what they say, right? But you could say that basically be like, okay, and just to be clear, so it sounds like you want to ask your partner, just make sure that it makes sense financially, which I completely understand. Is that the only thing that's sort of preventing you from actually getting started today? So that's actually isolating the objection, right? I would get into the habit of asking that because what you don't want to happen is you solve an objection and then they come back with another objection, right? You know what mean? You don't want to go through all that time and effort and they're like, oh, well, actually, I've got to go see my chiro. You know what I It's like,  you. You know what So you just immediately close off. So cool. Then we lead into the financial objection, right? Okay. Cool. No, it completely makes sense. Yeah, it completely makes sense. And so we need a reframe when it comes to a price objection. What that basically means is they're focused on, you know, paying the sum that you've just told them rather than focusing on the value that they're going to get out of it. So we need to shift their attention away from the price back on the value, right? Cool. Okay. Yeah, it's just finance. Okay, cool. And I guess like price aside, do you actually want to do the program?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. Okay. And so one, just get them to confirm that they actually do want to do the program, right? And that's a thing we'll continuously use through this objection cycle. keep an eye to that. Yeah. Cool. And I guess like on a scale, like just so I'm on the same page with you, on a scale of, you know, one to 10 with the 10, like 10 being the program is absolutely perfect. I could not add anything to it if I tried. And one is I'm just a complete dickhead and I've completely missed the mark. It's not what you're looking for at all. All right. Try and break the ice a little bit. Try and smile, laugh a little bit. It just... Okay. You know, make it a little bit less pressuresome. Right. I guess where are we sitting on that? They'll say a seven, eight, or nine usually. Right. Cool. I mean, like seven's pretty high. You know, why isn't it lower? Now, the reason we ask why isn't it lower is because they're going to come back and start telling us and start therefore telling themselves about all the great things about the program. Right. Oh, I just really love the accountability and the structure. And like all the girls that have come through seem like they get really great results and the community's fantastic. Right. So now they're thinking about the value of the program more. You know mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. And I guess like, what do we need to do to make it a 10? Sometimes they'll say nothing. Sometimes they'll say price, whatever. Sometimes they'll say something that you can easily add or might already be a part of it. And you're like, yeah, that's not stress. That's actually already part of it. Right. Just so much goes into, I can't say it all in one go.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Cool. So that is when you get cool. So, so from the sounds of things. Right. It sounds like you, you know, you actually do want to do the program. And the other thing that's sort of stopping you from actually getting started is just making sure it, you makes sense for you financially. Is that correct? I'll say yes. Okay. Well, that makes sense. Look, what I can do in that situation is I do work with a billing company and it kind of works like Afterpay, just breaks it down to make it like a lot more digestible for you. Would that be a little bit more reasonable for you? Yeah. Look at it. This is why we don't say price breakdown at the start, because we want to get to this point where we can actually use it as an ammunition to keep going, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So let me pull it up. Sweet. Okay. So yeah, instead of covering, you know, the full $3,500 today, what we could do is, yeah, bring that right down to $1,500. So you'd be saving $2,000 right there. And then we wouldn't officially start till next week. So the repayments wouldn't be from essentially five weeks from now. So ages away. And that would just be 400 a month from that point. So it makes it way easier on cash flow. Would that be a bit more reasonable for you?
Imogen Harris: I definitely think I need a reward. Yeah. Okay. That makes it so much easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So they'll usually say yes. Okay. Yeah. And we say, do you want to make it more reasonable for you?
Imogen Harris: Like, does that make it more reasonable for you? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it's like, obviously it makes it more reasonable. You know what I mean? Like, we're not saying, do you want to do that? We're just saying, does it make more reasonable for you? They say yes. Then you're like, okay, well, did you want to run with that option? Sometimes they'll just say yes. Sometimes they'll, more than likely, they'll probably objection handle a little bit more.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So it's like, cool. What I like to do after that point is establish whether it's a fear-based or a logistic-based financial objection. Yeah. Right? Now, fear-based is essentially, they have the funds available, but they just are, you know, afraid or fearful of actually investing that into themselves.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Logistics-based is they don't have the funds available, and it's a matter of finding the funds.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So the way I ask that is like, okay, Okay. You know, let's say, would that be a bit more reasonable with you? They're like, yeah, but I still have to, you know, ask my partner, right? But okay, so if they keep asking, saying they have to ask their partner, then it's like, you kind of have to take a different avenue, which we'll get into in a little bit, right?
Imogen Harris: But right now, I still want to establish this sphere-based or logistics-based, right?
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, no, that completely makes sense. And it depends on how much pressure you're feeling in this situation. If you're feeling like it's getting into a high-pressure situation, whenever you feel like it's getting, or you're about to lead into a high-pressure situation, always give an exit, right? Right? Which basically means, like, if you think about pressure, right, let's, like, think about a ball or a balloon, right? If you just kept feeling it with air, eventually you pop, more so a ball than a balloon in this analogy, right? If you instead poked a pin in it to let that air out, it diffuses the pressure, right? So what we do there is just by giving them an exit. You're like, okay, cool. And look, I just want to be absent. Absolutely, you know, certain because from everything we've spoken about, it sounds like you do, you know, want to make a change and you actually are really committed to achieving the goal they said. You know, is the program something you actually do want to do and it's just a matter of, you know, definitely making sure that it makes sense financially for you or you just don't want to do this program because that's fine as well.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They'll be like, no, it does, right? We've just given them an out. So it's not precious. Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Well, look, if you do want to do the program and everything like that, then I'd love to sit down with you on the same side of the table and just sort of figure out if we can, and I say that specifically, same side of the table, because we want to put in mind we're working towards a solution, right? Sit on the same side of the table with you and just to see if we can, you know, make it work. Look, if we can't make it work, unfortunately, that's life sometimes. So again, giving them an out.
Imogen Harris: We're not doing a precious situation. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just so I'm fully on the same page with you, is it a matter of, you know, you do actually have. The physical funds available, and it's a matter of just like, sorry, you do actually have the physical funds available, and you just want to make sure that, you know, you can fit that in with everything else you've got going on. Or is it a matter of like, you just actually physically don't have those funds, and it'd be a matter of like, trying to find where you can get them.
Imogen Harris: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, now, we ask it that way in that tone, because, you know, we're trying to, again, whether or not, do they have the money, or do they need to find the money?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But without, you know, obviously asking how much money do you have is a touchy subject, so you've to ask in the right way. Yeah. Right? Usually, they will say, oh, I do have the funds available, right? I just need make sure that it works there. That, to me, is like, the close is there, right? You just have to break their belief, and we'll get into that, but you have to break their belief, because they have the money to invest in it. They've just admitted to you that they do, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, let's say they said, I have the funds available. say they have the funds available. It's just a matter of making sure it fits within the budget. Everything like that. They're like, okay, cool. Now, and then what I'll do there, they've just admitted that they have the funds available to do either the $3,500 or the $1,500. That's when we go into our second package downsell, right? Sorry, the second option for the payment breakdown. Okay, cool. Well, look, if it's just a matter of, you know, if it just sounds like a cash flow sort of issue and you just want to make sure that, you you don't put yourself out, which I completely understand, is what we could do, is we could do, again, in five weeks from now, we could do just $500 a month. What that would allow us to do is instead of covering $1,500 a day, you'd actually save another $500 and we'd just cover a K just to get started, right? That way, it'd be a lot easier on cash flow for you so you don't sort of put yourself out with your bills and everything else, right? Would that be a more reasonable to get started? Yeah, okay. See if they bite on that, you know what Yeah, yeah.
Imogen Harris: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Now, these are objection cycles..λα So the first one we did was out of 10, how much would you want it? Out of 10, how good is the program? The second one is fear-based logistics, right? Establishing. Now, you close these objection cycles, you have to re-ask. A lot of closes objection handle, but they don't re-ask, right? And that's what it's, is that going to be a little bit more reasonable to get started? That's the re-ask. Because they're not going to be like, oh,  it, let's do it and pull out their credit card and just, you know, pay you, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You have to re-ask directly. Would it be, would that be more reason we'd get started? Yeah, it would be. Do you want to run with that?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Super important. A lot of people forget it.
Imogen Harris: Super simple, but a lot of people forget it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the third one I like to do is move into an analogy. So the third objection cycle is moving into an analogy, right? Now, analogies are really good because it connects a known with an unknown, right? If I was going to talk about, you know, really advanced intellectual engineering, which I know nothing about. And to you, which I assume you probably know nothing about as well, I could use all these big techno-babble-y words and it would confuse the  out of you. wouldn't have any clue what I'm talking about. But if I was like, it's kind of like when you put bread in a toaster and you put it down and then a minute later it comes up as toast. You'd like, oh, yeah, that makes sense.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it connects a known to an unknown. Yeah. So an analogy that's really good for this is, okay, cool. Well, do you mind if I sort of challenge you on that perspective? They'll say yes. Now, we always say something like that before we go into, you know, actually challenging them, right? Do you mind if I put my coaching hat on here? Do you mind if I, you know, challenge you on that perspective? Basically, you probably won't need any more than those two, to be honest. You can use your own words. They'll say yes, reluctantly. Okay. So what I like to do is like, basically, imagine that you're on an island right now, right? You've been on this deserted island walking around in circles for the last two years or however long they said they've really been struggling with their weight. Two years since you've been struggling with your weight, right? right. And you've been trying all these different things to get off this island yourself, you know what mean? You've built makeshift rafts, you've tried swimming to shore, you know, you've put the SOS logs on the beach, hoping someone will fly by and save you, and, you know, nothing has unfortunately worked, right? Now, I've come along with a five-star cruise ship, right, because you said that, you know, you love the program and everything involved in it, and I've said to you that, hey, you can jump aboard and I will sail you to the mainland, and you can live your strongest, sexiest, healthiest version of yourself, and this is just the price of admission, right? I guess the question for you is, are you going to take that price of admission, are you going to jump on this cruise and let me sail you to that holy land and guide you to the woman that you want to become? Or are you going to continuously keep walking around on this deserted island in circles, hoping that something magically changes, and eventually come to the conclusion that you're either going to stay on this island, or maybe six months, 12 months, maybe 18 months down the line, another... Another cruise ship comes along, and maybe it's the same price, maybe it's more expensive, and even if it is the same price, you've wasted that 6, 12, or 18 months constantly thinking about making this change instead of actually taking action and doing it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I guess, what decision are you going to make? Are you going to, you know, stay on this deserted island, or are you going to jump on the cruise ship and let me say it at the Holy Land?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I like that. It's less pressure, but it's just painting the picture in their head.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it paints the picture, exactly, exactly. Right? And then, you know, maybe they, let's just say they objection handled again. Oh, I want to, but, you know, I just, I really just need to run my bills or something like that. You know what mean? This next one I really like to do is an identity shift. Now, identity shifts are really, really great because these people are coming to us because they struggle with accountability, they struggle with making the right decisions, they struggle with doing the things that they know they should do, but they just opt for staying comfortable because it's easier to do. All right. So an identity shifts, gets them to think about the decision, the person that they want to become would make instead of the decision they would make.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, yeah, I completely understand. you mind if I put my coaching hat on for a second then? Yeah. When it comes to situations like these, it really just, and I hope you don't mind me saying this, it kind of seems like you're kind of just holding yourself back, which is completely normal when you're sort of faced with, you know, change, especially life-changing change. And what I like to do in these situations is when you think about that woman in six months' time, right, she's lost 15 kilos. She's the leanest, strongest, sexiest, healthiest version of herself. She is so confident in her, not only in herself, but her capability and her ability to actually be able to follow through on the things that she said that she would do, that she knows are going to improve and better her life. When you think of that woman, the woman that you want to become, what does decision do you feel like she would make in this moment right now? Do you feel like she would sit on the sidelines and keep arming and ah-ring and, you know, pondering and using, I hope you don't mind me saying it, but using these excuses that I can't do it financially, I'm too busy, or, you know, now's not the right time? Or do you think that she would commit to the change, she would do everything in her power to make sure that that change actually happens for her in her life, so she can actually become that woman that she wants to be? What decision do you feel like she would make right now?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I'm definitely talking like this. Yeah, I definitely, like, it's, you kind of feel, almost feel awkward at the beginning rebutting it, but I guess, like, wording it like that, it doesn't feel like you're just going, well, no, it's just giving different perspective.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then you've got to re-ask on that as well. Oh, I should probably do it.
Imogen Harris: Okay, so I guess, what are you going to do then? Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so do you want get started then? Re-ask. Yeah. Well, with objection cycles, you start off really like sort of passively, you know, I'm just here to try and sort of make it work, see if we can, if not, no, I'm done, etc, etc. Very, very passive, very, very low pressure, right? It's almost like, it's your life, you can do it if you want to do it. If you don't do it, I don't really care. You know what I mean? Like, it's just very, very sort of casual. As we move through these objection cycles, we get more direct, get more confronting, and we start adding more urgency in terms of making a decision right now.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you'll see, like, when I said there, what decision would you make right now?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or what she would make right now? You know what mean? Because it's like, stop putting this up, what decision would you make?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, usually I do, like, anywhere between four to six objection cycles, because, like, if you keep rambling it on, it just, it goes way too long, and they're probably just not going to take it anyway.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So, the one after this point, right? And again, And it really, there's no, you know, one size fits, fits all for objection handling, because it really 100% does depend on what they actually tell you.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? If they keep going back to, I need to ask my partner, then again, a really good analogy is, have you ever heard the analogy, heavy is the head that wears the crown?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So essentially, it refers to, you know, kings and queens and everything like that. And this is literally how it's said to the prospect. Essentially, it refers to kings and queens and everything like that, right? And while, you know, wearing the crown, being the king or queen is obviously a massive, massive blessing, it also comes with the massive, you know, responsibility and the burden of having to make decisions to influence their life and the life of the kingdom, right? So I guess when you think of your life, right, do you feel like you are sort of in control of your own life? Do you feel like you want to be in control of your own life? Yeah. Okay. So my, my sort of. Concern is, when you go and ask your partner, you ask your friends, you ask your mom, you ask anybody else about these decisions that are going to directly impact your life, you're passing off the responsibility and the accountability to actually take control and do the actions that you know that you should do, because it's easier to avoid making the decision. Does it make sense? So I guess, I guess if you were to go ask your partner, you know what mean? And there's things you should, like, if it was really coming back to a partner thing before this, and there's things you should do before this, in terms of asking if they're supportive and everything like that, but let's just assume we're at this point. If you were to go and ask your partner, right, and they would have turned around and said, no, you're not doing this, we can't afford it, right? I guess in, you know, three months or six months or 12 months time, when nothing's changed, and you've continued to sit in this frustration, you've continued to sit in this disappointment, not only the disappointment of, you know, how far you've let yourself. Sort of go and feeling the way you are, but disappointment knowing that you had the opportunity to change and you didn't take it. The regret of not taking the change. Who do you think you're going to blame in that situation?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Usually they'll still blame themselves even though it wasn't them, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or they'll say, you know, my partner or whatever. If they said, you know, myself, how are you going to blame yourself? Because you didn't actually make the decision. You know mean? So I guess, you know, and look, I don't want, you know, to do anything that would affect your relationship or anything like that. But I know for me and my partner, if I wanted to do something that would genuinely change my life, that would give me more confidence, more happiness, more vibrancy, I know my partner wouldn't bat an eye at He would encourage me to do it, right? So I guess my biggest concern is that I don't want you to go away and not make a decision and pass that decision on to someone else that doesn't see the value. Because they're not struggling with the same issues as you are, and then nothing ever changed. So I guess I've got to ask you, are you going to wear the crown and are you going to take control of your own life? Or are you going to continue passing off that responsibility and avoid taking accountability to make the change?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I like that.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I should probably take accountability. Okay, so I guess if that's the case, then what decision do you feel like you should make?
Imogen Harris: Put it back onto them.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Now, let's say that happens. Let's say we're at the sixth objection cycle. At this point, I'm like, you're not really  worth my time. kind of piss me off. Right? It's like, look, you know, again, do you mind if I'm just completely up front, all cards on the table? Yeah. You've told me that you struggle with, if they ever say they struggle with accountability or motivation or anything like that, I love using that in the back pocket as well. Because that's an easy one to say, like, well, you said you struggled with accountability and everything like that before. So do you feel like... You're kind of putting off this decision and avoiding taking accountability. Oh, yeah. Okay, well, I guess do you want to keep doing that or do you actually want to break that cycle and make a change? A really simple one to add in there. But let's say, you know, it gets to your six sales objection cycle. My card's on the table. Look, being completely upfront, you've told me that you've been struggling with this for the last two years. You've been feeling terrible. You're not confident anymore. You struggle with accountability, all the  that they said, right? And you know that this, from the sounds of things, you know that this change is what you need. I know that I can get you there. I'm more than confident. I wouldn't say I want to work with you if I didn't think, if I didn't know that I could get you there, right? So at the end of the day, it is your life. And I almost feel like I know that you want this change. And I know from all the women that have been through the program, how much this change is actually made for you. So I almost feel like obligated to see. You see it through, but at the end of the day, is your life and you are in control. So I guess when you, when you, what decision do you need to make right now so that when you go to bed tonight, right, you know that you've put yourself in the best possible position. So in six months time, you can have lost that 15 to 20 kilos. You can start feeling bikini, confident in a bikini in clothes that you haven't worn in ages. You can start going to social events without constantly pulling at your bra and everything like that because everything feels so tight. You know, you can start improving the, the, the relationship you do have with your partner because you, you both, you are leading the charge and becoming the strongest, healthiest, you know, strongest version of yourself. What decision do you need to make right now to make sure that when you go to bed tonight, again, you've put yourself in the best possible position to achieve that goal.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's just heavy, heavy urgency.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And then, again, if they don't bite at that, like, you're not going to get them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I think I've been a bit too, like, blasé about rebutting. I think I need to, that's my last week part, is I need to learn to rebut and just the context around it a lot better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A very, very simple one with the partner objection as well, because you'll probably get that a lot as well, is when they say it's just my partner, like, I need to ask my partner, like, okay, yeah, cool. You know, do what I said at the start in terms of, like, how long do you need and everything like that. And then it's like, well, if you did, I guess if you did go ask your partner and, you know, they turned around and said, no, you're not doing it, what would you do that? About one third of the time, they'll say, oh, I'll just do it anyway. Oh, okay, well, if you're going to do it anyway, do you want to just sort of get started? And that way you can go have it, instead of going and kind of, I guess, asking for permission to do it, you can go and say that you've committed to doing it and you just really want their support in doing it. Because that's a much better conversation to have. If they were to say, like, they usually say, oh, I just have to find another way to do it in terms of, like, lose the weight or something like that. Don't take that as a surface-level answer.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because don't ever take vague answers when you're trying to get specifics. So it's like just question, okay, but how would you do that? Oh, I don't know. No, like, seriously, because this is really important to actually understand. If your partner was to say no and you are committed to losing this weight, like you said you are, how are you actually going to do it?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Because they'll actually, I don't  know, that's why I'm on a call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, tell me. I'm all is. And they'll sit there feeling  awkward and stupid because they don't actually know.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. I just need ask more questions, I think.
Kyle Musca: It's all about asking questions, yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You can never tell someone something. If you tell them something, they'll just think you're, you know, arrogant and you don't know better, you don't know their life. If they tell you. If something, it must be true. And the way you do that is you just ask questions. Again, there's other objection handles you can go into. There's the story of indecision. I to ask my partner when they're trying to push off making a decision, and this is probably later in the sales objection cycle, it's like, would you mind if I put my coaching hat on? At the end of the day, when it comes to these situations, when girls tell me that they need to go ask their partner, my actual statistics is once we get off the phone, 98% of the time, we'll never chat again. My actual statistics. The reason for that is because when you jump off this phone, your brain is going to go into a defensive mechanism of why now is not a good time, why you're too busy, or you've got so much stuff coming up, or whatever the case is, your brain is trying to protect you from making a change because staying comfortable is a known. Your brain wants to stay... Comfortable, because it's easy, right? It doesn't want change, even though you know that the change will benefit your life dramatically. Now, the biggest causation of failure is indecision, right? Literally mean pushing off making a decision. And that is what's happening. You are trying to avoid taking accountability right now by putting it on to someone else or, you know, justifying it by telling yourself you just need to think about it. At the end of the day, you don't need time to think about something. You need information, right? I'm your only source of information. So if you do actually want to think about something, you have concerns, you want to bring up, I'm more than happy to, you know, chat about it. But I don't want you to not make a decision because not making a decision is actually a decision and it always leads to failure.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? Like, these people come to you because they struggle with accountability. They struggle with doing  that they know they should. So it's like never... Take what they tell you as surface level and never let them, you know, essentially guide the conversation by, you know, getting off and everything like that. Because again, if they didn't struggle with that stuff, then you and I would be out of the job.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. No, absolutely. Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: So feel free to record some calls because with everything, how everything's going, what we'll probably do is we'll probably do a bit of a, like a heavy sales emphasis because everything else is going quite well. Yeah.
Imogen Harris: I definitely think, yeah, the, just the, the rebuttal side of it, the, the conversation after the sales is definitely something that I need to work on. So that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'm hoping that that, the Fathom thing recorded all that well, because then I will try and even just pull that and, and then like put it into a bit of a document. Again, I could try and put like, I do have like cheat sheets and all that stuff for objection.
Imogen Harris: Like the context of the situation as well.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, I get that. It gives an objection. It's easy to do it on something like this rather than in a real-life situation. And then if you're trying to scramble to find the exact one, it's a bit tricky. What I would do is, I mean, you can even role-play, you know what mean? If you've got someone around you, sit down and role-play with them and then just go through just different objections and everything like that. The other thing is, what was I going to say there? I'm sure it would come back to me. But yeah, just record them and then we'll review them and everything as well.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, no, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right, let's look at your CEO dashboard.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I need that  on Loom because I was like, I looked at the first thing and I was like, 's sake, the  CEO thing.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so what are we? 13th of March, which we're supposed to be here somewhere. That far? Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Also, just... Just FYI, the fact that taking out my website, I think I maybe got in like three months prior to that, one or two consult things filled out. It's been like a week and a half that I've had that, just the coaching application there, and I've already had 13.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome.
Imogen Harris: I was just like, what the  am I paying thousands of dollars for a  website for?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like a lot of, you I'm not going to throw stones here or anything like that, but a lot of business coaches and all that, you know, marketers and stuff, they try and just like overwhelm you with a bunch of like really gimmicky, cool looking  that just doesn't work. Simple is always the way to go. I mean, if it's something looking really complex and crazy cool, it's the same as a workout, you know what mean? Like if someone's doing some , you know, sumo ball pistol squat thing, it's like, well, that looks cool, but probably does  all.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, actually.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so we'll go from, it is the 13th.
Imogen Harris: I'm going to screen record while you do this, so then you don't have to film a loom.
Kyle Musca: I've already got it. Yeah, I was going to film a loom just as a general training anyway. Okay. So we'll go, what we'll probably do here is we'll go from, I think we're doing Thursday. We'll have a call on Friday.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, or Friday to Thursday, I think we're doing.
Kyle Musca: Yes, so we'll go there, 14th. And then from here, we'll go, it should be fine after that, but just so we're not  tripping. Wait, what did I do the 14th? Yeah, so that, cool. That's, we'll just chalk that up as irrelevant data. Chumming in here.
Imogen Harris: I think not so much, but yeah, honestly, like these setters, I can see why you obviously use them, because she's honestly been so good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Clemé is a G. What I would do with her as well is just ask her to add you to the, like a group chat with the setter.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, she already has, because I've been speaking with the actual setter. Yeah, it's been so  good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, fantastic. Yeah, she just... Really reliable, really adherent.
Imogen Harris: She just knows exactly what she's doing. There was a conversation that was happening. Obviously, she was breaking up the hours during the day, but she, I just said to her, well, she asked me, she's like, are you happy for me to stay in for an hour now rather than an hour later so then I can finish these, like, secure the calls. was like,  it, no. It's like, yeah, super, super easy to communicate with, which has been really good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and you'll find that she'll often do, if need be, she'll do more hours without even telling you.
Imogen Harris: Just trying to get the sale, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, what we do here is come into, you've only got one campaign, so you come to the campaign level, and then just go from, in the date range here. So, we'll be going from, I think these are the wrong dates, actually. Yeah, the March. It's going on here. It's not, it's not quite there yet. Am I tripping? Are we in March?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, this is 2024, that's why I was like, why didn't that not  show on?
Imogen Harris: Sure.
Kyle Musca: All right. We've got a lot of dates to catch up on. Yeah. Okay. That makes more sense. Um, that's that. That will be a little bit hard.
Imogen Harris: You can press today, which is down at the bottom.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. That's a lot easier. Um, from there. Oh, gosh, Dan, I'm messing this up. Anyway. Cool. All right. So the sixth of the 12th. So perfect. Exactly. yeah. Now ad spend is a hundred dollars a day. 707, 708, just to run it up, uh, leads in ads manager. So what you do is here is I've already got it broken down, but essentially we'll come and click columns and then there'll be a custom one or performance one or something like that. You just press the pen. All right. And then all you have to do is type in leads. nugget do I promise be $1,000 Then... Then... Click total, and then cost. It will put it at the bottom here, so you can drag it up if you want. Otherwise, if you're just going to use that for that, you can leave it there. It's completely up to you, and then press save. And that will show us these two. So it's important to not use results. So results is not an accurate measurement. That's what meta wants us to see. It's not what we want. We want actual leads. These are people that have finished the ManyChat flow. Okay? You can see that's completely different, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So 13 leads. Good. And then you can see, wait. Yeah, so that's all we need from that. We don't need to do anything for the cost per lead. Total leads in ManyChat. So what we do there is come into ManyChat and then come into Contacts. And then go filter, tag qualified. And then condition, system field.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, this is the  that I was like, , I don't remember that at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you just do subscribed after the first date. So we did the sixth and then you have to do a second one. System, subscribed before and then Thursday is when we did it. And then you'll see 13 leads there. We can click that, 13 leads there.
Imogen Harris: Cool.
Kyle Musca: So if that is done correctly, then those two numbers should be very similar.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And there might be a few off, but they should be very similar. $50, $4 per lead. Cool. Yeah. Now, total ad bookings, how many, do you have your call sheet?
Imogen Harris: Yes, I do.
Kyle Musca: Do you want to send that to me, please? And then I'll save that as well.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. That should let you automatically dive in.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Thank you. You So, yeah, perfect. Mark it, everyone. Beautiful. Now, this is really, really, a lot of data as well. Can share that? Can share that? A lot of data, you just track over time, right? So it's like, if you forget about data, it's like, it's pretty easy. You just track it as time goes on.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, I'm just making a habit at the end of every day when I've got calls to just go straight to that sheet and just make sure I put  in, especially when it's stuff like they said they have a coach or whatever, which I need to be better at rebutting about these things, which is fine for future. But like making notes so then I can go back and like if they hadn't rescheduled or something like that, go back and follow up and stuff like that as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what are we looking at? We're looking at here, essentially, and then we're getting rid of this, this. So in that period of time, we have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 calls booked, which is great. Does that sound right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. And then, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Two re-scheduling. So you can see that fantastic booking rate. Like industry average there is technically 10% off the result. I like to sit at like 10, 20 to 30%, but if we're sitting at 70%, that's  insane.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, The conversions to get them  paying, which that's up to do.
Kyle Musca: And don't sort of put too much pressure on yourself there.
Imogen Harris: No, no. And knew it's going to take a bit to kind of just gain confidence in that rebuttal, which it could be because prior I'd never just been like, oh, yeah, cool. No worries. Just let me know. And like, that was it. But now I just need to start digging that bit deeper. Which I will, it's fine once I get into it.
Kyle Musca: So that's easy. Yeah. I find with sales, like once it clicks, it clicks, you know what I mean? And then you're good.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we had actual calls shown. One, two, three, four, five. They rescheduled and they haven't done it. So this won't be completely, I guess you can update this. Oh wait, that's the 13th. So that's today.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So let's actually get rid of that. So we actually had eight calls booked then. Calls booked. And then one, two, three, four, five. Okay. That's going to skew our data a little bit, but that will make up for the next week. So that's fine. So one, two, three, four showed. So show up right a little bit. Low, but again, that's obviously taking consideration in the reschedule.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Those are made from ads, one. And yeah, so those numbers are all looking really healthy, especially through there. Yeah. Show-up rate shouldn't be a problem. Again, it seems like it's definitely improved since we last spoke about it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then we don't have heaps of volume through that, so that will change dramatically because if that went to a two, for example, then we'd get 50%.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then also, okay, so yeah, what was the total cash collected? can look at that.
Imogen Harris: So it would have been the gold girl paid $1,200 up front and then the silver paid $800, so $2,000 up front.
Kyle Musca: So the girl paid $1,200.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then for a future revenue of $2,500 minus that is $1,300. Yeah. $2,500. So even off that one sale, you've still got a 3.5 ROI. So essentially for every dollar you put into ads, you've got three back just from one sale.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This will accumulate massively over time as well. Obviously, the cash injection is obviously very, very nice, but the reoccurring will build up as time goes on.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We want both, essentially. Now we come down to organic. So how many organic bookings do you have?
Imogen Harris: Uh, it was the one that, oh no, the one that's this afternoon was organic, and then it was Caitlin, which was the one that did the silver package.
Kyle Musca: Did we do from the sixth? That's what we said? The sixth?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so, sixth to the twelfth, one, two, Oh, yeah, true.
Imogen Harris: Fake out. Yeah, so, the Giselle and, oh, yeah, true, the sixth,  counts. Uh, the Giselle girl is, uh. Um, an old client of mine, she went to someone else and has come back. She's just paying $125 a week. So she's just gone back to what she used to pay, which I just honored that. The other girl, Amy, that was the one that is, she actually was under, she won something under Flexman, um, Flexman method and then was under another coach and, but she's still paying or some . So she's said that she was happy to put a deposit down next week to secure coaching for next month. So she won't actually, that Amy girl won't start until mid April, but I said, she has to pay a deposit regardless.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So we'll count that as a sale.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, so that's three for three then.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Three for three across the, the natural, the organics, which is fantastic.
Imogen Harris: I feel like the organics, not that they're easier, but I think because they've already kind of seen my page as well, they probably have established a bit of trust with my content, whether it's like sometimes ads, I've just got to build that trust.
Kyle Musca: A bit more, which is fine. Yeah, organics will always be, because they're just a lot warmer. I mean, they know they have a problem, they know who you are, and they know you have the solution. So it's like, they should be pretty good. So you got 250 on the actual calls there, plus this 900 cash collected.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I think, oh, was it 900 or 800? Hold on, can quickly check.
Kyle Musca: 50, and then for that, you went, um, yeah, no, what was the package for Giselle?
Imogen Harris: There's no lock-in. Yeah, so she's got to do six, because it's the 125, what she used to do. I just honoured the old package that I used to do for her. So it's 125 a week for 16 weeks. But yeah, she wants to compete at the end of next year. So I don't think she's  going anywhere.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so we'll just go off that, 1875. Where am I at? 1875.
Imogen Harris: Definitely offering weekly to anyone of a senior. It's more just, I was happy to honor that just when she'd been a client before.
Kyle Musca: You can offer weekly on the downsell option. So that's kind of what that's there for. If they absolutely don't have any money to lay down and they do just go on a weekly, you can do that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which comes out to like for six months.
Imogen Harris: I'm not mad about, because obviously it just gives like small increments of like long-term.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, they're not bad at all. Like obviously we want a cash injection. Into the business. But if someone goes on a hundred dollars a week for six months, like that's like pretty good. I love recurring revenue. it's, yeah, yeah, yeah. So let's say that's 1600.
Imogen Harris: What was this girl, Amy? That's the one that I said, that's like putting the deposit, but starting in April.
Kyle Musca: What will be her package price?
Imogen Harris: Also 125. So they're both girls that have come to me previously for coaching that Amy girl went to momentum. Wow. No momentum. That's me. Flex method. Um, and then she went under, she was under the impression she was meant to be under obviously Hattie and stuff. And I think that didn't end up being the case or something. So, um, but she said she was going to put down a $500 deposit next week to secure a spot. And then, um, from then on, she'll pay or something like that. can't remember the exact deal of it, but yeah, she was going to put down her first month deposit just to secure a spot. And then once that's done, then she'll pay weekly after that. Just cause I said a month away, like I can't guarantee if I've got spots or not. So then you'll just need to put down a month deposit to secure that spot.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So this might be, it's a bit of a complicated, but we'll just, I think that'll be pretty close with that as well. What you just brought up there. Yeah. Great work on that. You always add urgency and scarcity. So, um, like, it's like, that's comes in clutch with the downsell option. So it's like for your call package and your anchor package. So it's like, I've got, you know, I've spot left available for this. I've got two spots left available. Let's say they just don't buy it. can't get them, you know, moving forward. Then it's like, okay, cool. Well, look, I probably shouldn't do this, but I do have a silver package. It comes out to be a lot more affordable instead of, you know, three and a half thousand for six months. brings it right down to 2,500. And we can break that down into just a weekly payment of, you know, a hundred bucks. Right. Now, with that, technically, sorry, I fully skipped a beat there. There's not technically a spot open available for it, but, you know, if you wanted to jump on now, I think if someone finishing like mid next week, I could slot you in, take that spot. Oh, I need to think about it. That's absolutely fine. can think about it. Truth be told, there's not actually officially a spot open. So what tends to happen is I've got, you four more calls today. What tends to happen is people will jump on these girls will jump on these calls, similar conversation to this. I'll give them that opportunity to take that. And they just take it. Like the odds of a spot being open for the silver is actually very low. I don't think there's.
Imogen Harris: It's been an actual official opening for like two months. Yeah, okay. Again, the urgency part.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, you know, again, I don't care what you do, but, you know, that option's there.
Imogen Harris: You have to take it now if you want to. Yeah. Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: People are like,  it, let's just do it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, off that organically, 6.3, roughly.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which brings your total contracted value for everything up to 1,200. Sorry, 12X.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right, beautiful. And then that will also do from here. So, your overall, 11 calls, 7 taken, 63% show up rate, which is great. Again, even considering that two reschedules. Four total sales at almost a 60% close rate. Again, that's combined. And that's a good sort of indicator to show what we were just talking about there. Organic should always be a lot easier of a sale than ads. The ads will give you a lot more volume.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, awesome.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. No, that's good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So overall, pumping nicely. I'm too solid, getting calls ready, really gaining confidence. With that as well, the confidence thing, if you get on a call with someone who's not very qualified or you know pretty early on that it's just like a waste of time, don't just wrap things up. All right? What I like to do is I just treat them like practice calls. All right? Yeah, okay. And I'll literally just start  around with them. You know, do things that you wouldn't do on a regular call. Try things you wouldn't try on a regular call because you'll feel a lot more confidence going into a high-pressure situation where someone might buy if you've already done it before.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, no, that's perfect.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. So, yeah, overall, things are looking really, really good. If you can come into here, I'm still giving your videos a little bit of a test. Ideally, if videos pull through for us, they can pull through really, really hard.
Imogen Harris: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Let's see. you. They're not, so far, they haven't drawn through any leads, which I'm pretty surprised at. They haven't had the biggest spend on them, once this actually  loads in 10 hours. So you can see, like, for example, this one's only, the most we've spent on an actual ad here is, you know, 50 bucks. So even from that, I'm going to turn that off. This is why we don't just track off results as well. So this is just people that have actually clicked the ad versus people that are actually qualified. Three people have clicked this ad, none of them turned out being qualified. All right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this will be interesting to see how these ones go with a little bit more spend on them, since I've turned that one off. Yeah. What can tend to happen is it will get hooked on, you know, it will start funneling all the ad spent towards one ad and not give the rest enough attention. So we just sort of keep culling until we hopefully find one. However, your graphics are doing very, very well.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Good job, Cam. And we only, yeah, we only need one, one winning ad to, to, to. Go hard.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that's all essentially we're trying to find.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, you can see here pulling in at $30. This one is still high, but I'm going to keep it on unless it keeps climbing up, creeping up. Earlier this week, towards the end of last week and early this week, Meta seemed to have some really big back-end issues. That's all across a lot of different accounts. So it seems that it has sort of fixed itself a little bit now. So that also could be just a spike from that. So I also don't want to cull it too quickly. But you can see everything else is doing really, really well. Yeah. So, yeah, again, we just keep riding that wave and I'll just keep scaling these. What I can do is now that you've got some cash coming in through the ads, I can slowly scale this up. I only usually do about $10 a day if that's something that you want to do.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I'm happy for that. Honestly, like I thought I'd be a lot more like, but I think again, because it's broken up into days, I don't even really  notice it coming out of
Kyle Musca: I can't. Nice. Yeah. Getting used to cashflow is, like, really weird.
Imogen Harris: Like, there's just so much coming in, so much coming out. just like, but again, the more that comes back in, then the more that's going to come out. So it's just, I just don't look at it.
Kyle Musca: I'm just like, oh, it is what it is. Yeah. Yeah. No, I remember, like, when, like, pretty big numbers were coming in and out of my account.
Imogen Harris: I'm just focusing on, like, the calls, getting booked on the conversations that I'm having and, like, seeing that progression. So then I'm not thinking about the money, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. And just focus on being the best coach and, you know, the best closer and everything like that you can be. A lot of, especially with sales, a lot of it can be sort of mental. You know, if you're on a high, you'll feel like you can just close anything. If you're on a sort of a slump, you'll just feel like you can't close anything, right? So it's like, I like to think of sales like crack. You know what mean? When you're on a good run, you're  over the moon. If you get a couple no's, you're, like, in a deep pit of depression. So it's like trying to, when you're on a high, ride that as hard as you can. When you're on a low, try and really sort of high, hard Disassociate yourself with it and not let it continue to carry over.
Imogen Harris: It's honestly like when they, if they cancel or they don't, like it's actually hasn't really affected me in all honesty because I'm like, then there's another call the next time and they're fine. So it's just, yeah, I'm not really that fixated on the negative ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And as you can see here, like we did, like we only got really two no-shows. These are the two schedules. So, I mean, that's. So, yeah. Perfect. Okay, cool. Well, that's pretty, the thing I'll wrap up with here is what we should do is we should start looking at putting together a bit of a challenge. I find challenges just absolutely crush. It's essentially the exact same as what we do right now. We just gift wrapped it and market it as a challenge, but everything else is the same.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we'll keep writing what we have out and we probably won't launch a challenge for maybe a month and a half, two months. Yeah. But I would start thinking of, you know, ideas to put together.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: around that and what you want to do. Realistically, we're about six months. So if we launch a challenge in two months, you could do like a, I always love doing a summer shred challenge for a year, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. I think that's right, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like I've got another client going right now for a, like a 20 and 26 challenge. essentially designed for women that need to lose 20 plus kilos over the next six months.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. True. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Cool. And that's absolutely ripping. So challengers work really, really well because they add a lot of urgency to things and people just love having a reason to do something.
Imogen Harris: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: It's like, yes, the coaching wasn't there, but I could do it anytime. I'm kind of busy right now.
Imogen Harris: Short term goal. Like they've got to lock in for it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We still do a 12 week challenge. You could do a six month challenge. I'm not a fan of doing many challenges at lower rates or anything. It's like the same offer, same price. Everything's the same. It's just called the challenge.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And essentially all it does is bring in leads. So I've tried it all different times. That's challenges that by far works the best.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: We'll start piecing together ideas for that, but yeah, just so you're aware and you can start thinking exactly who you want to target, what the message is, what you want to call it. Always good to add a prize pool into a challenge. So I would say like $7,000, $8,000 of prizes. That's not cash prizes, right? That might be, depending on how much you want to spend on everything, I think it's always good to have a grand prize. If you've got some affiliates or something like that, know, clothing, supplements, anything like that, you can add that into the prize pool. Also adding, you know, coaching, you know, packages. So for example, the girl that wins, for example, she might get an extra three months of coaching, which is technically valued at $2,000.
Imogen Harris: True. Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, I like that. Yeah, I'll start brainstorming some stuff and some ideas and go from there.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, cool. Is there anything else you want to touch base on at all?
Imogen Harris: No, no, that's good. No, I'm happy with that.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Yeah, fantastic. I will shoot this through. Shortly, and then, yeah, if you want to connect to Fathom and then just start recording calls, and we can even just start breaking them down as well.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that sounds amazing. Cool. Thank you very much. Awesome. All right. Enjoy the rest of the day, and we'll to you very soon. Sounds good. Bye. Bye.


>>> 127/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-13T04:42:50Z | id:129620623
People: Kyle Musca

Michael: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey bro, hang on?
Michael: Yeah, good man, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good, how's it doing?
Michael: Day's been  pretty  actually, it's  here. Just stopped briefly, but other than that, it's been okay.
Kyle Musca: What about you? Yeah, pretty good man, pretty good. It's sunny here, so I can't complain.
Michael: where are you at the point?
Kyle Musca: I'm in the very south of Phuket. It's like a real beachy and everything. Yeah. I swear it's been, it sounds like it's been raining heaps over there.
Michael: Yeah, it's been so . It's like, it'll be, it'll just like never commit, you know, it'll be like raining for like part of the day and then it'll be sunny and then it'll  rain again.
Kyle Musca: Uh-huh, oh, all right. Sick man, all right, we'll dive right in bro.
Michael: How has this week been overall? Um, probably not phenomenal. Um... But it was just like a bunch of other things like aside from work that I had to do this week, like airport, like pickups, drop-offs, helping a mate move houses and everything. was just a bit random. And I think like, I just wasn't aware of that moving into the week and it just kind of  up my schedule a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I was ready to do the check-in for. Okay. Beautiful. So we'll dive into things now. Is there anything specific you want to cover in the session?
Michael: I think the two main things, the first one, the voiceover that I did the other day, that one was essentially like a replica of one of like Chiara's videos that she'd done. Obviously go through that and see like your thoughts on that or like what I could do better in that sense. And then also the presentations, like I use the prompts that you gave me that I already like plugged into chat, but there's like certain questions that it asks me. Thank That I like don't really know how to answer. And I don't know if I should like just maybe give it all the information that I know or that I want to talk about on this particular topic and then just get it to make the slides from there or to still like answer and follow through every single kind of section in that prompt.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, okay. We'll cover that one first because it's probably a little bit quicker to get through. What questions is it asking you?
Michael: It'll be like, like, like things like the belief destruction. And so like I was doing one, I was trying to do one the other day on like progressive overload and just basically talking about like what actually is and isn't considered progressive overload and how to apply it to your training so you can progress like as efficiently as possible. And then, yeah, some of the questions here are like. Okay. In belief destruction, it's like asking me uncomfortable truths that they avoid, emotional reasons people stay stuck, stories they tell themselves, and then in the framework, it's like name or label of the framework, high level flow of the framework, core principle explaining why it works, and what they must stop doing immediately. And then in teaching modules, it's like factor one explanation, factor two, factor three explanation. And like, I don't know if that necessarily applies to what I'm trying to talk about.
Kyle Musca: Right. So the core belief, most of that just sounds like, so in terms of belief breaking and everything like that, it's kind of just sort of explaining to them. So you've got three, I can't remember them off the top of my head, but you've got three different beliefs. You've got internal, external, and then. The vehicle, I'm pretty sure, are the beliefs in terms of... So that's the fact. I'm pretty sure that's the fact of the three factors you're talking about. want to break those beliefs... Pardon?
Michael: I said, okay, all right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So essentially, you want to break down the false beliefs that they have around it. So the belief is, the vehicle belief would be like, let's say, the training split that they're using to get there, right? It's not... The split matters less than the actual factor of progressive overload. You know, as long as you're hitting 12 to 18 sets per week of the muscle group, then you'll elicit growth. Yes, frequency and stuff can help with recovery, but that doesn't mean that you can't still progressively overload despite that. All right? So that's the vehicle belief, right? The external belief would be like, you know, the... Potentially the equipment that they have, maybe, just a very  generic example. For is not good enough to allow them to progressively overload, right? So it's like an, I probably, I wouldn't use that as an actual one, but it's like something external that's preventing them from doing it, right? So we have to break that belief, right? So it could even be, yeah, yeah. Let me break this up.
Michael: Yeah, I was trying to do it the other day, and it was like confusing the  out of me, and then I had to go, and I was like, oh,  my life.
Kyle Musca: Sometimes what I like to do, first and foremost as well, is I don't use Church of PT anymore. I switched over to Claude. It's just way  better. Church of PT kind of sucks now. And then sometimes what I like to do to it as well is, if you want to, you can just tell it, like, give me each of the topics that you want to talk about. And then I would just, like, actually do the voice note thing, and I would just reply to it exactly like how I would. And then I basically just tell it to put those, like, don't change my wording or anything like that. Just clean it up and put it together.
Michael: Right.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, kind of.
Kyle Musca: So I'm going to find... Yeah. So the vehicle, the internal belief, and then the external belief, right? So the internal belief, why they can do it too, right? Overcoming self-doubt. that's like I just don't have the willpower to really push myself in the gym. Again, very generic example, right? External belief, how to deal with outside constraints, time, money, support, et cetera. You know what mean? Like, you some people think that, you know, because they're really busy and they can only go into the gym for 30 to 45 minutes that they can't progressively overload. You know what mean? That's completely false. That's actually when progressive overload matters the most because it's going to allow you to maximize the return for the session that you actually get, you know, doing.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If it says something like that as well, because you have the project files, you could always just tell it to analyze the project files and then clarify what it means by that.
Michael: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because then it will come through and read through all this stuff.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But essentially what we want to do here is we want to like, yeah, we're breaking their beliefs. So they open up to how you have the solution. If that makes sense. So these are essentially just objection handles. Does that make sense?
Michael: Yeah, that does.
Kyle Musca: What was the other question you had on that as well?
Michael: Hang on. Let me pull it back up. Oh, it was like something like name of framework or wait. Yeah, it's like name or framework, high-level flow of the framework, what they must have.
Kyle Musca: So, again, I'd have to double-check on that. But I assume that's just you slapping a name on the framework. You know, my three-step system to maximizing muscle gain.
Michael: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? You just call something a cool name.
Michael: So it sounds like something. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's all that is. Like, this is my, you know, make it your, like, because if people will gravitate to something that's new, because then they can kind of blame why they haven't succeeded before on, because they haven't tried that. So it's like keto, for example, right? Diets all work the  same if you're in a calorie deficit, but it's like, oh, well, I tried, you know, the keto diet, but that didn't work for me. But it's because I didn't do the carnivore diet. That's why I didn't do it. It's not because I  eat 4,000 calories a day.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? So it's like, just call something something new. So people, it's all, you know, and you'll see these patterns through basically any different industry you look at. Everyone just calls their amazing new system a three-step system to XYZ or a, you know,  XYZ blueprint. You know what I mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's pretty much all that is. Any other questions?
Michael: Not really. think that's kind of it because, yeah, I just was kind of stuck on that and it kept, like, asking them to me again and I was like, dude, I don't  know what I'm saying here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just ask you to clarify either through the project files or you can just message me as well and just, yeah, shoot me a message.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Now, in terms of the voiceover. One thing I do want to talk about as well is how you mentioned expired clients before, so we'll come back to that. That's the voiceover, isn't it?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That was a bomb. Yeah, nice. You putting these as prompts and stuff now?
Michael: What was that, sorry?
Kyle Musca: Are you putting these as prompts now?
Michael: Nice. You'll have the poll on that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I should be doing both. So the prompt just puts it in the comment section.
Michael: Oh, you can do both at the same time?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, you can do both.
Michael: Okay, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Is it getting good traction for you, man?
Michael: Yeah, the short reactions, I feel like, have been pretty good. Especially like, I forget, was like last week or the week before where you said a lot of the time when you don't really know what to say, like you kind of look at the comments of the video and see like what other people have said and then kind of go down that direction. That helps heaps like when I do this because sometimes, yeah, I actually don't know what I'm  saying. And I just look at what comment has got the most likes and I just say something like that. And it's, it always, always does well. Like it hasn't really failed me yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect, man. What I would start doing as well is like definitely keep doing these, make sure you keep up the same volume of these ones because they're getting you good views and engagement. What I would do though, is I'd also start to try and talk not much more. I don't feel like this is a tangent to go on like a three minute video. but like try and, you know, do some where you do talk for maybe, you know, between 10 and max 40 seconds. Like if you actually talking, they won't probably get as much engagement for it, but we want to start to try and, you know, getting you known for talking on these types of subjects, if that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, of course. Of course.
Kyle Musca: One thing I've, I think you should really, really, really do as well, man, is, I know I'm getting on a side tangent here, but while we're on this. Is come in and search. Can I not search just general  trends?
Michael: Yeah, it doesn't work on laptop anymore.
Kyle Musca: It works on, like, my phone, though. Yeah, so, yeah, you get the point. So I would just search for science-based lifting and then go into reels of the search page or anything, and then just start pressing those. Are you doing the three little hamburger things and then saying interested?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you do a couple of them on science-based lifting, then you will have so much content to review. I feel like that's content that you'd actually, like, enjoy reviewing as well.
Michael: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? All right, let's get into this. One thing I would also do on these is, I'm not sure if you do do it, are you color grading on edits?
Michael: Because not on edits, I, like, adjusted the exposure and everything of the initial, like, the original video.
Kyle Musca: All right, that's good. Thank In, where did you, oh, like when you filmed it?
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would still do it in edits. Like, you don't want to do much by any means, but it would just make like the sharpness and the definition and the shadows and everything like that a little darker and everything. And that would just crisp it up really nicely.
Michael: Yeah, I'll start doing that properly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like for me, for example, again, going on a side tangent, I literally only just turn up the, can't remember what it is. It's the, I do two. It's like the most minimal  effort, but it makes a nice little difference, I'm sure. Yeah, the clarity. And then I usually just turn the highlights down.
Michael: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And that would just, yeah, get darkened it a little bit. Obviously, I don't know. It me five years to figure this out, but I'm going to teach it to you in less than 60 seconds. This is the change that five. So with that, I probably. It took me five years to figure this out, but I'm going to teach it to you in less than 60 seconds. This is the change that- Nah, that's not too bad. I was gonna say maybe like leave that transformation up a little bit longer. What if you didn't? It took me five years to figure this out, but I'm gonna teach it to you in less than 60 seconds. This is the change that finally took my legs from looking small and skinny to thick and strong without me dreading every leg day and leaving me feeling crippled for the next week. The truth is you're doing too much. If you're doing more than two exercises per muscle, not only will that leave you feeling destroyed and sore, but despite what you may think, for the most part, you're also not gonna be getting any worthwhile additional benefits. But the only thing worse than feeling destroyed and sore is realizing that your legs still look small despite everything you put yourself through, so you'll probably start hating life too. Now, if you want to see some real growth in your legs, follow this exact guide. For quads, start with a leg extension and a squat of choice. Next, pick one hamstring curl and the hinge like an SLDL. Add a hip thrust and some adductions in before you finish off with carbs. Anything more and you'll just be doing the same exercises in a different font. It took me five- What I would really try and do in these, and I wouldn't overdo it or anything like that, is throw in a little social proof midway through.
Michael: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, like that's where, again, you did everything there fantastically. These also work really well because they're good to throw social proof in there.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, this is the exact framework that it took my boy, you know, Jimmy from, again, it's probably hard to get quad specific on a client transformation. But like, let's say you're talking about like fat loss, for example. This is the exact system. This is the exact framework or whatever you  say that I use for my client, Jimmy, who cut 10 kilos of fat in just 12 weeks. Like, that's all you'd say.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: goes for anything longer than like just that little microsecond, like you're saying too much.
Michael: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: The other thing you might want to add into these as well is like. Always think about, like, how can I get someone to do just a little bit more on my post? You know what mean? So, for example, at the end of year or something like that, yeah, probably at the end, especially if did social proof, you don't want to put the CTAs too close together. I guess social proof wasn't a CTA by any means. But anyway, just be like, if you want that framework, I'm going to drop in the caption down below.
Michael: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because then they'll have to go click on the caption, you'll probably get more saves out of it.
Michael: You know what mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But overall, man, I think that  came out sick. And you can see, like, it did really well view-wise. You know, it's doing almost as well as these reaction videos. But these will be a lot better for conversions than these, you know, shorter ones. These will really be for reach more than anything in views. These will be great for conversions.
Michael: Yeah, because I think on that one there... Yeah. Yeah. Like on the, on like the deadlift reaction before it, that one was like 19 saves and then the voiceover I did was 87.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I would, so the saves will take care of themselves, especially if you say like, I'll put the caption in it, you know, I'll put the work out in the caption below or whatever. What I would also really try and encourage you to do, man, is get those comments up. And the way you get those comments up is asking a question somewhere.
Michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You mean? So for example, like, again, it should just be a very, and don't over  do the CTAs. Like I would limit it to, I would limit it to two, but like, they have to be, I would limit it to one hard CTA definitely. Like if you are going to try and plug coaching or something like that, then don't do any other CTA. If you're going to do two soft CTAs, that would limit And separate them. it's like, you know, technically, I'm just going to call the social proof a CTA, right? This is the exact framework I took my boy from, you know, XYZ to XYZ. And then, you know, at the end of it, again, very  example, but, you know, am I the only person that feels like I'm, am I a psychopath who are actually liking legs? Let me know your thoughts. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just try and encourage a little bit of conversation. Because otherwise, you would have got the likes, you would have got the views, then you would have got the comments and the saves. Instagram probably would have pushed that a bit harder. Should have probably pushed it a bit harder. That's also why, you know, Instagram is a bit of a  like  dog sometimes. But, you know, still really, really good engagement on that, man.
Michael: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Someone else who does them well. Did we go over Meet Madeline once?
Michael: Yeah, yeah. Meet Madeline and then we went over Kiara. It's funny because, like, when I was following them. When I was watching her video as I was formatting or writing out my one, and the only thing that I didn't include that she did was the section in the video where she pounded all her client transformations on the screen, and it was just one after the other, one after the other, and that's the only part that I didn't add.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Social Proof Man is, like, by far, probably one of, definitely, essentially, even the best marketing thing you can do, especially if do them consistently. know, one self, people won't notice. If you're just constantly putting up different  transformations, it can be the same  five transformations just used on repeat over time. People will be like, dude, this guy's  crazy, you know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'd love to make that a little bit tangible, too, man.
Michael: Yeah, I was meant to do that. This week, actually, I fully wrote it down and everything and didn't  do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think that was sick. Keep producing more of them because that clearly worked, and I thought that was really well put together. What else was going to say on that? It's not really coming to me. Yeah, no, that's fine. Yeah, cool. See you, bro. All we'll come into the check-in poll. Just another client. Yeah, so how many Fath clients have you got, man?
Michael: How many, like, that have left?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Michael: Oh, it should be in my... Hang on. So like 35.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Oh, that's pretty manageable. What I would do is I would just go start reconversating with them all.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Hey, bro. Just start off casual. Hey, bro. I was going through some old client check-ins and saw your name. Thought I'd pop in and see how you're traveling.
Michael: How's things been? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you'd probably likely pick up clients out of that, Yeah. Yeah. And I would make it an habit to do that every, like, you know, couple of months. Just go back through old clients and just start touching base with them again.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you could always add urgency into it as well. Like, bro, like for the, you know, I'm running a special offer at the moment called March Madness or whatever you  call it. If you join up before March ends, I'll actually give you, you know, an extra month of coaching absolutely free.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How are your challenge, seven-day challenge stuff coming along?
Michael: I didn't manage, like I didn't chuck that up this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's also another CTA. Again, be real careful with the CTAs because you don't want to overdo them by any means.
Michael: don't want to come across sales or anything like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's like you could always throw them on a video like this as well. You know what mean? Like if you want to, if you want me to review your leg day or something like that, if you want me to review your training split, make it relevant to the actual  video. Comment the word leg day. You know. For the first three people to comment leg day or something like that. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Try and add a bit of urgency if you can. know mean? Then hide the comments once they do it. No, you don't have to do that, but that's probably the strat. Yeah, something like that. I mean, just very little. Again, it encourages conversation on the comments, and then also starts conversation. You can reach out to them.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Have you posted? The other thing is carousals, man.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Very similar structure to that, like basically same , just in picture form, and then again, just throw in some social proof midway.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, cool. How has the presentation stuff been going since you added it to the team?
Michael: Um... It's been good. Like, I've got this, like, two guys that consistently sort of post now. I think this week I'll probably touch on it again in the chat and then also probably talk specifically to a couple people about, like, collaborated posts and give them, like, actual direction kind of on what I would want.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, cool. Okay. Still someone who's just posting, not entirely ahead of, yep, cool, read the check-ins, done against, implementing it. Yeah. So feeling a little bit of time management-wise?
Michael: Yeah, like, when it comes to, like, servicing, like, servicing-wise, like, the people that I have, I think that's, like, been really good, especially since, yeah, like, the message thing, too. Like, I used to always kind of be on messages, like, all the time. And I'd, like, feel- Yeah. Like, I had to reply immediately all the time. But yeah, now I just kind of do, like, first thing in the morning, some point in the day, and then, like, basically, like, last thing at night.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. How do you, like, sort of find that absolute final?
Michael: Yeah, yeah, nah, it's been really good. Majority of it, like, probably is the first thing in the morning. That's probably where I do majority of it, and then it kind of, like, tapers off throughout the day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. That's what I was going to say as well with these. What I would do is save all those videos that you do put into, I only forgot about it again. Save all those videos that you do, like, use these for, bro, and then I would put them into an album. Because, like, eventually what you could do is you could bring on a video editor, and then, essentially, they'll do all the tedious work of putting that  together for you, and you just can pump out voiceovers, you know?
Michael: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, it's not not a... But a short-term, like, you keep doing them for yourself now, get really good at doing them and, like, understand how to do them properly, right? Because there'll be different, like, or specific frameworks that you will notice do work really well like that. But, you know, if they do grow and they do get really good traction, it's like, you're going to share that album straight to your video editor. And it's like, if it takes you an hour to, let's say, edit it, you know, you could probably pump out three voiceovers in that time, you know what mean?
Michael: Like, and then you'll leverage your time a lot better. Yeah, yeah, okay, I'll do that too this week.
Kyle Musca: What we could also do, man, is we could always run, like, an actual sort of challenge. We spoke about this a little bit last week, didn't we?
Michael: Yeah, it I think, last week or the week before.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. We could always run a bit of a challenge. It's coming up to a good period of time where you could do it. You'd obviously just do it all organically and everything like that. Essentially, it's basically just what you're currently doing. Every single day, you'd put something up in your story about the challenge and then in all your CTAs and everything. You know, I want to grow some massive legs. I've just launched my, you know, whatever you call a challenge, desire to stack muscle on faster than you ever thought possible. You know, if you're go apply to my profile or something like that.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Something like that. Essentially, man, like the challenge for you specifically would be exactly what your normal coaching is. You just call it a challenge.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? And you can say like, and I'm throwing in, you know, $2,500 worth of cash of prizes, which is essentially like whoever wins. You'll give maybe an extra three months of coaching to you or whatever you feel comfortable doing. then everybody else that joins will get an extra $500 coaching voucher anyway to extend. So you're still living up to that obligation.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Michael: Yeah, no, it makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So I would put together. Like that is literally just a matter of, I'd probably do a, yeah, three-week hard push. Sorry, three-week push, two weeks hard, one week just sort of feeling it out, making sure you got the messaging and everything down pat. Start putting out teasers, everything like that, and then just go hard for two weeks. Realistically, depending on how quickly you put that together, you could even launch it for April.
Michael: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. So, well, let's pull up the calendar. Where are we looking? So one, two, yeah. I mean, it might be kind of a little bit short. You could always say we start April 6th, to be fair.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then, you know, the other thing you could do there is also let all your actual clients know that there will be a challenge. Yeah, let all your actual clients know that there will be a challenge, so they can, you know, bring a friend or something like that as well.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Tell your friends about that type .
Michael: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Otherwise, oh, we're similar last week, I hate it, but there's things we spoke about, I haven't really done yet, need action, just being at home throughout the week, going outside, which, yeah. And then, of course, I used to promise to send me and ask me questions that I really know how to answer. Framework section, I think maybe just send it all in if I might have, and then... Did you do a deep research on the topic?
Michael: No.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so if you deep research the topic, it should have all the information to build it out.
Michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then you just plug it in there, and then it literally just auto-fills the framework based off that information.
Michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, like, if you wanted to write it 100% based off how you actually want to present it, I would just say, give, like, give me all the questions you need to write this, and then I'll voice note back with my actual response. Make sure you don't change the wording or anything that I say. Just clean it up so it all sits nicely.
Michael: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then... What I will do, Claude doesn't actually have that feature as well, is like then I would just click this one and then for answer number one, you know, the importance of progressive overload is to maximize muscle growth over a longer period of time. As you start training, you can kind of do whatever and, you know, you'll grow muscle, but as you become more of an intermediate to advanced lifter, your responses will, you know, slow down and you will need to start implementing more advanced strategies to continue driving muscle growth. Something like that. And then you would literally just speak to it.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So I have done that as well. You know, if you really want it to be 100% your own wording and how you would exactly say it, then you can absolutely. Otherwise, deep researching is just a really quick and easy way to get a massive amount of information into it.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Otherwise, bro, I think, you know, you're on track right now. That video, voiceover came out. So I'd love to see you pump out more of them. I'd love to see you get some browsers out. We've been talking about them for a few weeks now. So I'd love to see some of those. Thirdly, I would definitely go and start reactivating conversations with old clients and even clients that, to group that together, clients that you've had, prospects that you've had calls with, but never converted. Now, you could also do a magic hat specifically. Well, you could do it for both, to be fair, but it's definitely specifically your clients that didn't convert. And you basically just go to them and be like, hey, how's things been? We've got some fantastic news, man. Every three months, I do a random sort of giveaway to anyone I've had a call with. And it must be your lucky day because I pulled your name out of the hat, right? Why would we call it magic hat? Yeah. You want a $500 voucher that you can put directly towards one of my coaching packages. Let me know if you're keen on that and more than happy to have a chat.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or $250 if your profit margin's up there, yeah.
Michael: You mean? Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: And then that essentially gets them back on the phone and everything like that. That actually works really, really well if you do it properly. So just to show you my actual, I'll show you, I'll send you my script. Yeah. So old leads that booked a call but never converted into bank lines. How's things, brother? Got some awesome news. Giveaway to anyone inquired about coaching. And today must be your lucky day. Again, change it. You might do every three months, for example, right? The more, like, rare that this will be, the better.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Must be your lucky day because your name was the one at Landon. You've scored a $500 coaching voucher that you can put straight towards one of my coaching packages. Let me know if you're keen on that. Now, if they're already qualified, which they should have been if you've already had a call with them, you just book them straight in on a call.
Michael: If they're not, you just quickly ask them questions. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Perfect.
Kyle Musca: I don't know if I'll share that to you. You should, yeah, if you do that right, again, you should definitely get some clients out of that.
Michael: Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Sipra, is there anything else you kind of want to touch base on at all?
Michael: That's kind of it. Like, I, this week, I, like, I did the timeline thing for everyone that I'll share probably with everyone individually today, just, like, pin it in the chat with everyone so that they can see it as well.
Kyle Musca: How is your community chat going? Is that picking up?
Michael: Okay, yeah. Like, I still push into it every week. but yeah, I definitely could do more. Like, I still do the wins and everything, but.
Kyle Musca: Man, sit down and actually do some, like, ones that will start conversations. The wins are great. The motivation is great. You know, and always ask them to share a story or a win or something that they've had around it. So send a message and be like, and call them out, you know, like, Craig, I know you've had a win this week, bro.
Michael: Don't be shy. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. You mean? You might even start something like, you know, Friday food  or something like that. You know, if someone, you know, they drop in pictures of meals they've made throughout the week. You know what mean?
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, encourage conversation. Don't just chuck up storyboards because then it becomes like a  Facebook page group chat, right? Not like a sort of Facebook page instead of group chat. We want conversation. To get conversation, we ask questions.
Michael: Of course.
Kyle Musca: And then even say to people in the sidelines, you know what mean? Like, man, I'm trying to get that chat, you know, that community chat pumping a little bit more. Obviously, it would just take a couple of people just to get us. Started and get used to conversating in there. you could just try and be a little bit more vocal, that'd be awesome. You know, I guarantee that, you know, one, if you're struggling with something, I guarantee someone else in the team is struggling with it as well, right? And they'll feel a lot better, but it'll also help to inspire and motivate other people when they see your wins and everything like that. I mean, like, again, just genuinely, like, ask from an appreciation standpoint, you know, be it, you know, I would just appreciate if you conversated more in the chat.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, like, you've got to actually make the ask and people will do it.
Michael: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Super. Otherwise, yeah, that's a fair bit of stuff to sort of action this week, so I don't want to keep it on other stuff on top. Love to see these two crowds. Love to see at least three more voiceovers, if possible.
Michael: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I'd love to hear how you go reaching out to these old clients next week and old calls.
Michael: Yeah, for sure. I'll let you know.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Anything else? What else you want to touch base on before we wrap up?
Michael: Nah, bro, nah. I think I'm pretty packed now, man. But I reckon I'll be sweet. Oh, actually, just real quick, just off the top of your head, when it comes to the carousers, do you have any people that you know that do them pretty well?
Kyle Musca: I like Matt West does them well. Adam Sullivan does them well as well. I think Sean Casey, haven't looked at his for a while, but I think Sean Casey does them well as well. I actually haven't seen any of his content in ages.
Michael: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Sean Casey does them well. Yeah, those are probably the three I would look at, yeah.
Michael: Perfect, easy as.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I reckon now, man, it will just be a level of execution. Like, the more you can sort of follow the... Things through, the better results you'll essentially get. Like the content's definitely picking up. You're definitely getting a lot more eyeballs on you. And that will just continue to build with time. So if can just keep executing, keep being, you know, improving on those content forms and this, keeping, keep having special offers in the play. So again, I also think start putting together a challenge and we'll talk about that a little deeper next week. But it's not really that difficult to do, really. It's just like calling it a challenge name for a certain reason, start date, prize pool,  you're good to go.
Michael: Yeah, cool, easy.
Kyle Musca: Like I'm going to start filming content on Monday for a challenge I'm going to run. I know the general gist of it, but I don't have anything like in terms of the name or a  prize pool or anything. I'll just put that together in like 10 minutes.
Michael: Yeah, yeah, easy as.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right, bro. Yeah, if you're getting stuck with any of that stuff as well, just let me know, especially with the AI presentation stuff.
Michael: Yeah, of course I will. See you then. All right, enjoy your weekend, bro. And I will. We'll chat to you very soon. Hey, Jazz, thank you. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 128/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-13T05:07:06Z | id:129625195
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hello.
Bre Colley: Hello.
Kyle Musca: All right, let's dive into things. Is there anything that you want to specifically cover in today's session?
Bre Colley: Well, I wanted to potentially talk about the, like, challenge. I know there's not too much to talk about, but I just kind of want to talk about it because I know it's up to me. But also, did you get the fat loss things up? glitchy, man.
Kyle Musca: I did tell the dude to do it yesterday. Let's have a look. My laptop is  struggling. Is yours, maybe?
Bre Colley: Maybe it's both of us. Yeah, it's not usually like this. What the  do you ?
Kyle Musca: No, because what was it? Oh, my God. Anything? Are you downloading your  50 million podcast episodes? Did I film them? you.
Bre Colley: Are you downloading them? No, I'm shutting down all my potentially draining tabs that are open. That's better. That's probably me.
Kyle Musca: Okay. All right. So in the last week, you've taken four calls, eight books. That's pretty right.
Bre Colley: Yeah, but also in saying that, did do the thingamajiggy, the wildcard or the $500 voucher thing. And yeah, I don't know. Usually they're like, sometimes they're good and sometimes they're . Like I only give them one chance because it's like, well, if you're going to bail the first time or reschedule, then it's just. It's like, well, you're just not going to show up to coaching. You're probably not going to sign up or commit to anything either. So I swear to God, I have nothing else open.


>>> 129/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-18T04:38:16Z | id:130762267
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Cool, man. We'll rip right into it and try and get rid all this  on my  screen. How's this week gone overall?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, we had a few tick over. Nothing massive. Obviously, just in that sort of little bit of a limbo sort of period of just trying to get these ads back up and running.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Who's handling the conversations in Yaz's account for the people that have come through?
jese Smith-shields: Me.
Kyle Musca: Okay. How, because it's not really, it's not pulling, like, I can see the result in all that stuff, but it's not pulling actual, like, leads and all that through.
jese Smith-shields: How are the quality of conversations and people come through? Nah, not really. Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: See how we go. We might even, we'll see how we, it's hard to say without that data tracking, because otherwise I'm just sort of working in the dark. Like, um, I know it's a bit too early to really, really tell, but, um, once that's all set up, I may even just create a new campaign and refresh it all, um, just so we can try and attract more of the leads type of thing. Yeah. okay. Good. Did you get a chance to fill out that job form?
jese Smith-shields: Nah, I honestly haven't. But there wouldn't be too much to really fill out in there, if I'm honest with you. Sorry, I'm worried about it. Weeks of, um, admin stuff from behind the closed door stuff trying to order.
Kyle Musca: One eyes and  rebuild everything. How are you going with the affiliate side of things? There's much been made there. I've seen Eliza's been posting a bit more.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, Eliza has. And then I signed Jemima. She'll be good. And then I've got another one coming on board for the content style things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, sick.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. That would just be something that I kind of just work on behind the doors and do like that sort of rebrand, relaunch in a few weeks, I believe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. How have you sort of approached them and like what have you sort of said to them?
jese Smith-shields: These are ones, Jemima was one that's been hitting me up for coaching for a while, but she could never really afford it. And then she hit me up again. And so then I kind of put across the idea of free coaching for the content and in the ambassador side of things.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Who's Jemima?
jese Smith-shields: Um, I'll go up her Instagram.
Kyle Musca: You'd, you'd probably follow her. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: J-E-M-I-M-A. Not a huge following base.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, yeah, Jamal.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That would still be good for her to create content and everything around.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And, how is it Eliza's? Does Eliza have a big one?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it does, but it's a little bit of a, um, sausage fest in there. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: 17.3.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. do pretty well, but it's like, very, um... whole time. It's very many of us. Thank you. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 88K.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. But we know why it's 88K.
Kyle Musca: To be fair, mean, even just looking at this, it probably wouldn't even be a bad shot to come through a comment and as far as I start going through the girls that have commented.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, like Amber's got, Amber would be a decent one to bring on.
jese Smith-shields: I'm pretty sure she's a coach, yeah. There's a few profiles that I've scanned and looked through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because what you could start doing here, I'm going to say it'd be completely up to you, but we could definitely run basically a similar setup to what we did with Kiana, but through something like, you know, Eliza's or something.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I was thinking that, how would you kind of manage the DMs that is through that? Would that be within the one ad account or would that be through the actual Instagram channel?
Kyle Musca: I would, I mean, it's easy enough to create an ad account, like, your one was just , I don't know if that was just, um, something like Yaz's account or what happened there, it's never usually that difficult, um, but, oh yeah.
jese Smith-shields: I was trying to talk to Kamay about it and say, because, to see if we could run multiple Instagrams through, like, the one ad account, and she just manages the one ad account, but then she seemed really sceptical. And weird about it.
Kyle Musca: I think the biggest thing there is, you just have confusion about who they're actually talking to, like, who they come in off. Yeah. But, because essentially what we could gear this up to do, and if you could do this right, it'd  work really, really well, is similar to what, um, Hattie and Coben are doing with Millie, where you just sort of  use them as the front-end marketing, but you've got to, behind them. Seen's a much larger company. That would gear it up to be a lot more saleable as well because then that's kind of the combination of everything we're talking about. They create the UGC style content. You can stand away and not be the face of the brand or anything like that. And you'd be able to, you know, you're not just sort of pushing through one person all the time. You know, you could push hard through one person and then push hard through another person the next month. We'd have to have this like three, really. And if you could rotate them, you'd be  golden.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. How would you kind of do it and how would you manage it?
Kyle Musca: I would, I would say, just even saying what's happened with Flex, like a lot of the, the reason these work is because these girls usually like have  all work ethic. You know what mean? Otherwise they'd have their own coaching business and everything like that. So I would just, I would dumb it down incredibly. And I would basically just do all the work for them. But obviously that results in you, you know, bringing in a lot more clients. So essentially I would be like one or two filming days a week, you know what mean, not a week, a month. These are all your ad scripts. These are what we get done for you. I'll book everything out. just need to show up and be ready to  do them. Give me all your, you know, photos.
jese Smith-shields: I'll create all the content for you, yada, yada, yada, Yeah. And would you run it through their account or would you run it through?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would try and run it through their account for sure. Oh, hang on. I think someone shuts the door. on.
jese Smith-shields: I reckon.
Kyle Musca: Sorry about that. Yeah, so I reckon just gear it up to run it through theirs, and then I reckon just do, I would start at lower, like, in terms of a percentage thing, because it's going to sound like a pretty good deal to them. So I'll probably do, like, 10% or 15%, but, like, you don't have to do any work. I'll do absolutely everything for you type thing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, okay. And, yeah, how would you manage that? So would you do the same sort of DM setting through it, or would you do it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that's the, like, beautiful thing about it is it's, like, because, again, you'd have, like, one big back-end business that does the exact same thing. Essentially, all they would be is just, like, faces that bring in different types of leads.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. So, I mean, yeah, that kind of brings me back to how would you manage through the DM setters through multiple accounts?
Kyle Musca: I would say... Separate it just so you, again, just to keep it nice and clear, you know, who's coming from where and all that stuff from a data perspective, but also a conversation perspective. And then, like, there will be more, you just get setters in there, like, more setters in there, essentially, but essentially, if you did it properly, like, you'd obviously be making the return off it as well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it's, like, Eliza's posting very similar content to, you know, what Kiana was posting, realistically.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, like, as long as they don't actually know who he is personally, you know, they'll come in and they'll see she's very fit and, you know, that type of person anyway. So I think it would work fantastically through Eliza.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, okay. I'll just have to try and come up with some sort of roadmap of how to put it across to her, but also try and manage it.
Kyle Musca: I would, yeah, I would, I mean, again, because we've done it with Kiana, we've got to... Fantastic proof of concept, you know what mean? Like, we were, you know, consistently doing, you know, obviously you inflate it a little bit, but you're like, we're consistently doing 25, 30k weeks. You know, you don't have to do any work or anything like that. Just be the, essentially the person we market through and I'll give you, you know, 10% or 15% or something like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, you know, gear it up for them. Like, put in things that they want, you know what mean? mean, once a month we'll be doing, you know, maybe a video type thing in terms of getting the ad content. But like, maybe you do in the same one or a separate one, like a free photo shoot or whatever to get content for them. So they get, you know,  out of it as well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I get those sort of incentives that they're all kind of going for.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And then, yeah. I think because for these types of girls, I think the money side of things will be obviously nice and especially. Passive income side of things. I think they'll be more incentivized by like sort of like the lifestyle factors and the status as well that can come with it. Definitely. I'd also throw in there as well, like, you know, running it through Kiana's like she started it. I think she was like 8K when we started, wasn't she? She got up to wherever she's at now. So it'd be like, you know, the ads will actually bring you followers as well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, 100%. Yeah, I think that would cost her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I reckon she'd, yeah. Yeah, because that kind of engagement there, like that, well, there's not much on that, but that would bring in like mad amounts. Like that's something that we didn't use right there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's wild.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I was looking through her page the other day.
Kyle Musca: If I was you, to be honest, I would probably go have, obviously put everything together, but I would have that chat with her soon. Because we can absolutely run stuff through Yaz like we're currently doing, but... I reckon you'd have a lot more pull through someone like Eliza.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What does Jemima, what does she want to do? she want to, and what do you want to do with her?
jese Smith-shields: Do you want to work her into a coaching position or like what? That would kind of be the future role for her is trying to work her into like a coaching position because she's hating nursing at the moment. And she's actually quite switched on like business-wise and like just work ethic. So she would be someone good to kind of mold around, but obviously just some battle scars from the previous one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. This time just make sure it's all fully legal. I mean, like you've got your contracts and everything like that there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if possible. Just try and separate them as much as possible, you know what mean? So essentially, like, they shouldn't know even what ManyChat is, like, if that makes sense. You know what mean? Like, just make it so it's hard for them to essentially just  come and rip everything out. Honestly, I can definitely understand why that's left a bad taste in your mouth, but I think that was a very , you know, curveball type thing. I really don't see many people doing that at all. Especially if they're , I guess Keanu wasn't directly getting paid from it, but if they're directly getting paid for it as well, it's very unlikely they're just going to go rip everything out one day. You know what mean? They're going to try and negotiate before that circumstance.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, no. Yeah, that's definitely the way the future of it is trying to get those sort of ambassadors sort of roles into it, I believe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think that would set you up. If you did that right, I think that would set you up better than anything we've really seen. We've spoken about in terms of gearing it up for sale because it's like you could go to someone and be like, well, you know, I've already got all these girls. They're already bringing in X, Z consistently a month. And it's also a proven formula that you can go out and, you know, bring on more people to do this.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, it would be a bit of a snowball effect because if you created that community where, you know, girls posted this type of content for you and that's why girls came to you, then you could also then continue like that itself would be an acquisition process to get more affiliates on to actually run paid stuff through.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It would kind of work in together.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then like literally the only thing that changes is the front end because as soon as they get into the sales part of things, like essentially how we'd want to think of it is like the ad, like the message, the ad, the funnel, but then like you'd have closes on and stuff. Cause if you did that properly, you'd be getting a lot of, basically like that can go to any. You know what mean? Like if it came through Eliza, it can go through the same closer as if it came through Jemima, for example.
jese Smith-shields: Is that what you're kind of doing with Millie, with Flex?
Kyle Musca: No, so Millie and Flex, they do sell by chat, but they're just not, and nothing yet, so, but they're just not doing it as well as they definitely could do it. You know what mean? It's very hard for me to extract any usable content out of them. You know what mean? And it's all very, very simple stuff, like, you know, for Eliza, for example, if you wanted to even test that and run it, like, let's not even film videos, let's just get some  ad graphics up and see how it pulls.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, I might even put that across to her today, see where it pulls her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, and I think she, you know, probably has the physique that a lot of girls go for as well. It's not like anything too, you know, crazy, but it's not, like, lean, defined, kind of like that Chiara-type physique, you know, mean, it's nothing like. Insane. It's lean enough.
jese Smith-shields: I suppose she would have a lot of content that we can repurpose too.
Kyle Musca: Oh, absolutely. She'd have heaps and heaps of photos.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, I'll put that across as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And she's got like, and, you know, when you come onto a page, yes, there's obviously a lot of stuff that is, you know, like that. But there's also a lot of also like fitness-related stuff, and she looks the part as well. So it's like no one would second-guess that she's a coach if she marketed it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, no, 100%.
Kyle Musca: She's got the lifestyle photos and everything. It's very, very similar to what Keanu had, to be honest.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it's very, very similar.
Kyle Musca: And that's what girls want. You know mean? Like girls want to come and, they want to see the lifestyle. Again, we don't even want to do value-creating content because it does  all. They want to see the lifestyle.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, I don't know. yeah, but I think that's, that's probably a very smart play to do.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I can do that. That's easy.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, she seems like she's, again, the good thing about these girls as well, it sounds a bit  up to say, but like, you know, you can kind of, you know, they don't really know what they're, they're doing, if that makes sense. You know what mean? Like, if you go to them and say like, hey, you if we make 20 grand a week off here, which, you know, we've easily done with Keanu in the past, that's an easy two grand for you, that you have to do  all besides go to a photo shoot.
jese Smith-shields: You know what mean? And get free  out of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, get free  out of it. You know, we'll, if this does well, we'll start doing events and everything like that. Even, even again, like there's still that  Bali retreat stuff, you know, if it does well, um, yeah, you'll get a free trip over to Bali, come to the retreat with the girls and everything.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's, yeah. I can do that. That's easy as.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. And then there's Yaz. Again, we can still use Yaz and everything. We can definitely target it towards those older women, but it just depends on... It sounds like Yaz would probably be a better coach in a front-end phase. We can use her as a front-end phase, but she's obviously come to you as a coach because she's not great at marketing her business. And again, you kind of run into the same potential issue as you did with Kiana there. It's like, if you do teach her how to, one, she already knows how to coach, but if you teach her how to do the marketing and everything like that, which you kind of have to, then she could always just get to the point where, okay, I know how to do this. Whereas like, again, you want to keep them really nice and separate. So it's like, you did use Liza for something, it's Like you just do the marketing. You don't see anything else about how the business works or vice versa for, you know, someone like a coach like Yaz, you just do the coaching and you don't teach them how to do any of the marketing or anything like that.
jese Smith-shields: You can keep it really separate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because especially for someone like Yaz, she's a great coach for what you need because one, she's obviously very knowledgeable, but she has tried it, knows that it's a lot harder to do. So she, she will, just based off that, I very much assume, assume, assume she'll be with you for a long, long while.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Like hopefully.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, yeah. And again, you know, what you could entice her there with is like, there's still growth in it because like, if this does, if what we just spoke about does work really well and you do get enough clients on like, eventually if you've got enough coaches on, you'd need someone to manage those coaches. Like in terms of actual managerial role once you've built out the team and everything like that. So that's when you could even look at bringing her on full-time to obviously overlook the coaches, but also look at like her dedicated job would be to improve the coaching service itself, if that makes sense.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Like a sort of overhead role.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like she might have, and how that actually looks is like we'll get to that point when we get to that point. But one, again, she's making sure that the service, like she's going out and reaching out to clients, making sure the service is there from every one of the coaches.
jese Smith-shields: But it's like she could also start filming out, you know, educational series and stuff like that to actually put into the coaching system itself. Yeah. Yeah. I did speak to her for that because she does have a lot of management experience because she's actually managing a couple of the elite sub-stores. So I did kind of put that across to her as like a future sort of role if she worked in...
Kyle Musca: But that was just me more trying to word her around so she stays around for a while. Yeah. The other thing, I think we could definitely run it with Eliza and potentially even Jemima and stuff first. The other thing as well is like if we do do this and it, you know, pulls through for us, which I think if done right, it pretty much definitely would. You could always even start running like an ad to try and like similar to how we try and try to find a coach. You know what mean? I'm looking for ambassadors. Yeah. If you're a girl who has, you know, 20,000 followers, again, whatever we  put on the actual thing, we'll cross when it comes. But yeah, I'm looking for an ambassador to join the Shields for team.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. The only sort of roadmap that I see is just trying to manage obviously how all the leads come in and then all the DM setters trying to build out that team, I suppose.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's that's that's Yeah. Yeah. So So So So So there's two ways you could look at that. That's why I like sort of Clemet. Like I'm not currently using Clemet, but I do. I almost went back to her actually last week just for the reliability of it. Just so you don't have to  worry about anything. Like she manages it. You know, she puts them in a totally different account. She manages the times. You obviously tell her what times you want people in there. But like for me, for example, like one thing I've found that's kind of annoying about managing your own is one, you have to micromanage them to start. Because again, where I found and started sourcing them from, he was actually  goaded. He's not in my case. He's in another client's account. I him in, but he's been doing really, really well. But you still have to kind of micromanage to make sure that that job is being done, which is  annoying. I mean, two, you obviously have to deal with the times off. So it's like one person can only really work like five, six days a week. So it's like, need to figure out like when people are filling in spots and everything. And that gets complicated, especially once you're, you know. If you were in any, like, five or six setters minimum, that sounds a bit  messy.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I noticed. When I tried building a team with Charles, was a  headache.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean, like, yeah, that's what I did, like, last week, two weeks ago, is just  mapped all that process out. That was annoying as . But I got there in the end, and I do understand how to train them really quickly now, but again, it's just the managing process.
jese Smith-shields: It's a bit  annoying. Yeah. So if you suggested having, like, three or four accounts, like, what we're going to do, how can they actually manage that?
Kyle Musca: She would just plug different setters into different accounts. Like, you'd have a dedicated setter. It'd be the same thing she's already doing, like, because she already does that, you know what mean? She already manages it across multiple different accounts. Essentially, from that perspective, you just look at each of the front-end businesses as their own individual thing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And it only becomes, you know, like one larger thing once it gets to that sales process.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Now that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: But again, that's why, you know, Clemé is, I think for the short term anyway, like once we get it up and running, we could always like play around with it. But I think that's why, you know, Clemé is a good thing because she just  does it all for you and you don't have to really worry about it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, she was, she was pretty good in that sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, mean, there's pros and cons to, you know, both of it type thing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I think I'll reach out to her just for the meantime and get that up and rolling.
Kyle Musca: The other thing as well on that as well, the other thing is that it's not, it wouldn't be like an all at once type of thing. You know, I mean, we might start with someone like Liza's account and then it's like we, you know, maybe then once we, you know, got that up and running properly, then we can look at bringing on Jemima's account, for example, and we just build on it. I mean, it's not like we'd be like, all right, here's five ambassadors, let's just  go ham.
jese Smith-shields: five ambassadors, ham. Yeah, I think my hair would fall out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but honestly, I think if you did, like, even two would be  goaded because, you know, you could run a challenge. Like, let's say if you had three, you could run a challenge every single month across each one's account.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it'd almost be like a different challenge each month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know mean? And then...
jese Smith-shields: That's a good idea, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, that's what I'm really trying to focus on right now is building out. At least three different offers. The first two are quite simple for me. It's just one's a challenge or direct marketing. The other one would be a lead magnet with a coaching prompt on there, which I'm very much mapping out at the moment and seems to be working quite well. And then the third one would be... I want to do a break-even one, but that's a lot more complicated, so I don't know if we'd  around with that as much. But the good thing about that is, like, if you had three different girls, again, you could just really run with one or two.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. And then just kind of recycle through it. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, that's an exciting idea because if you got that to  work, like that would be one, not only massive like revenue generating activities, but again, it makes your business really, really saleable because you're not by any means the face of it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that's what I kind of want to get to as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, yeah. I think once you built out your team, again, we'd have to see how it all plays out, but once you built out your team, I don't think it would be crazy for you to manage because you'd have managers, like we spoke about with Yaz, for example, that that's literally their job.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, and they can kind of just plug in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like you'd look at Klamet essentially for a manager of the DM setters. You'd look at Yaz, for a manager of the coaches. Yeah. You know what I mean? If you get... Getting enough calls, then you'd obviously, you know, probably bring on someone to actually manage the sales team and everything like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, that's fair. I like that idea. I'll put it across to Eliza first and then go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: I'm hoping my ad account won't shoot itself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Nah. Meta's a , man. if it doesn't work, like, at the start, you're probably dealing with, like, a 10-hour support call.
jese Smith-shields: I think I went through about four support calls and about three different up-workers trying to get sorted.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What did Michael say to it? Did he...
jese Smith-shields: What's happened there? He just... Oh, he's actually fixed it all. I'm just waiting to see another one tick over to see if it actually plugged in or not.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Okay.
jese Smith-shields: But yeah, he just wasn't really replying and then asked for some cash for his time.
Kyle Musca: I said, yeah, that's fine. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: If you just get it fixed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sometimes that's the easiest route. Yeah, okay, well, I'll keep close eye on that anyway, see if it's pulling through. Also, we can just check the many chat as well once someone messages through so we can see that for sure. Yeah. But yeah, in the meantime, did Yaz film those videos, the video ad scripts?
jese Smith-shields: She's trying. I've asked her a few times and I gave her a kick up the  about it yesterday, so she should have them done today for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, because, I mean, it's going to be a good thing that I've seen how it played out with Millie and Flex and everything. If I was going to do something like that, I would just get them so it's like, you're showing up at this day, this time we're filming, like, it's a professional  shoot. We're getting all this content done and that's all you have to do for the month. Like, yeah. I mean, again, they kind of like, they're trying to rely on Millie's organic audience, which obviously makes sense because it's a massive audience. But then you have to rely on Millie actually. You're doing the work. Whereas the paid ad side of things is good because it's like you can just go chuck everything you need up. You don't need to worry about them doing anything. So that's what I would heavily gear it towards is making it as hands-off as possible for whoever you're actually doing it through so they don't slow the process down.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And also include that in the offer to them as well. So it's more incentive. Like, obviously, I'd say it like that, but it's like it's completely a path if you don't have to do anything.
jese Smith-shields: It's like the photo shoot. Yeah, no, that's keen. I can do that. I'll put that across to her today, actually.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, man. How's everything else going in the business? Anything else sort of talking up or is it taking nicely?
jese Smith-shields: No, it's going through. I think we're through the whole growing phase and growing pains of the whole situation. I we lost close to about 30 clients, 32 clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, not ideal, but as long as you're at the other side. But yeah, what you could always do as well is you could always, one, either run a, oh, we don't even have access to all  accounts, messages now, do we?
jese Smith-shields: No.
Kyle Musca: No, that's . That's annoying. You could always, I mean, you could still, when was the last time you did a magic hat?
jese Smith-shields: Would have been a while ago, maybe a month and a half ago.
Kyle Musca: If all those contacts feed it through to you or go high level, which they should have, you can still do a magic hat for anyone that's booked a call. And you could also restart conversation with expired clients as well if you're just trying to get people across the door short term.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'm getting my VA to do me a list up of people now and I'll go through and tick yes or no, depending on what the situation was. And then I'll get her to kind of DM, send them into a call.
Kyle Musca: What are those that do? So on that is you can just upload CSV files into GoHighLevel and automatically tag them.
jese Smith-shields: So just to tag them as like expired clients, for example.
Kyle Musca: And yeah, you can even just bulk message them all at once and then they just get in there and keep the conversation if they reply.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, true. I didn't know you could bulk message.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, can bulk SMS, everything like that.
jese Smith-shields: True.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's just the SMART list, which is why you tag them so you can filter them all. And then I'll quickly show you. Contacts. So yeah, you just filter by manage filter, pretty sure it is. It's been a while. Anyway, you essentially filter them by wherever the filter thing is. Yeah. Tag, and then I've already got it created, so expired clients, for example. And then you just click 50 contacts because it's 50 per page. So you can change it to like 100 and stuff if you want. Click them and then you just, where is it? Send SMS.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Well, that's a lot easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then you should come up here and they can just  go to town and conversations after that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, they can just continue it on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if you're trying to get like short-term people booked in and something generated quickly, that's probably what I'd do while we're getting Yaz's and potentially Liza's stuff figured out.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, no, I can do that. That's easy.
Kyle Musca: easy. you. Cool, man. All well, that's exciting. That's a strong  game plan if we execute on that well and that pulls through for us. Yeah. Anything else you want to touch base on with that or anything else?
jese Smith-shields: No, it's pretty cruisy just trying to manage that stuff at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How's your lead stuff going for the mail side of things?
jese Smith-shields: Yes and no. Had a few tick over and had a few big packages come through. But, yeah, still in the sort of testing for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: But I'll probably turn it off sooner or later.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's been shown up on mine  everywhere.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I go on the marketplace and stuff and it'll be able to pop up. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: And it's getting leads through, but I was trying to do it through the forms to try and get, like, higher quality leads to see if it would change, like, the deal. The cost is a lot higher for it, but we have had a few, like, sort of, like, bigger packages. Like, I got a full RAM one yesterday, which is nice, ticked over, but, yeah, that's about it, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the lead form's a bit  annoying, because then you have to outreach them. No one picks up their phone anymore. Yeah, that's what I was kind of noticing. Yeah, so it's a pain in the . I'll try it. The  beats head against the wall. If you're going to do something like that, I'd get a designated setter and then  gear it. More like a lead magnet type thing, so I know that's what Jarrod does. So, like, when someone comes to an ad, it's like, while you wait, go have a watch of this, and then collect their details. So, if they don't  finish the conversation, he's just got a dedicated setter. He said the cost per acquisition was really high on them. But, like, is He's doing just enough for it to, you know, make sense to add on to what he's already doing. Yeah, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: But I think it'd be more just like an add-on to like the message style and just kind of have both rolling in a sense.
Kyle Musca: It's not a, well, did you set it up as a lead campaign?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, even for that, it's probably a good thing because essentially what will happen is meta has re-added messaging options to a lead campaign, which they took away. So essentially that would like obviously track the actual lead data and find more people based off that rather than just result, which is what we want. But for some stupid reason, you have to like run a leads campaign to a form or to the  message template that they already have. And then eventually it will like unlock the normal messaging template, which I guess is a good thing because most people won't be able to access it. But a little bit annoying you have to do that in the first place.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, it's meta's  wild, but it is what it is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'm currently running that lead campaign and messaging thing, so I only really got that up last week probably, so we'll see how that optimizes over time.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right, well, keep me updated on that. That's very exciting. And, yeah, if you have any questions on it, just let me know.
jese Smith-shields: I'm happy to help. Will do. Appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: Cheers, man. See you. Bye.


>>> 130/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-18T05:57:10Z | id:130765561
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, how you going?
Meg Tovey: I am hungry because I haven't eaten lunch. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. We'll dive right in and then if you're hungry, we won't take up too much time or any unnecessary time, I should say. How has this week gone overall?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, good, really good. I have signed on one, three, four people so far. I've done six calls, two not converted. One of the ones that I was telling you about that did the deposit and then said she wouldn't do it. Trying to get her on a call, but she's not really doing it. I can't remember what the other chick was. What did I write? Budget. Oh, she was already paying for a personal trainer and Pilates. So, like, that was hard to sell another $120 a week, plus the onboarding.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. For both those checks, it sounded like you just sort of, you need to, like, replace the funds. You know what mean? Like, you know mean? Why do, you know, a personal trainer and a Pilates instructor, when we're going to take care of all your training sessions, all your nutrition, all your check-ins, all your accountability, everything like that in one.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, she was, like, very, like, there was no leaving her personal trainer. Like, love the trainer, just the trainer doesn't do nutrition.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, she's not going to, she's never going to do anything then. I mean, like, kind of silly for her to even get on the call, to be honest.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I actually had a question about that. What did I write? Oh, this chick just signed up. So it's, I guess the question is somewhat irrelevant, but she did say in the messages when I was, because I just read them before I'm getting on the call, she said, um, oh, that's not her, sorry. She said it would have to be a discussion with my other half, depending on the money. I really need the accountability. So like, I didn't really change anything in the call, like, and she signed up, but I was wondering if there's anything that you would like, or how you would word, or if I should even bother getting the setters to say something around, like, have that conversation before the call.
Kyle Musca: And if so, how do I work? How do I get them to word that without giving away how much it is? I wouldn't really, because like, they're not going to be able to have a financial question, you know, discussion with their partner, um, before. And even if they do, they'll go in there or cheapskate.
Meg Tovey: Like, yeah, we could do 50 bucks a week type thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. they think of themselves low. Anytime, I think I said this to you the other day, anytime someone mentions that they struggle with accountability or consistency or anything, like anything along those lines, that is like the best knife to twist because it basically is just like, you know, I need to ask my partner. like, well, I know you mentioned you sort of struggled with accountability. Do you feel like you're sort of kind of doing that right now and putting the responsibility to make the decision on your partner so you don't have to take accountability? Yeah. Oh, okay. So what decision are going to make then? I mean, you just get them to realize, well, I've struggled with accountability. That's what's happening right now. You know what mean? Like, it just backs them into a corner, like a logical corner of like, you know what I mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm saying that's a big one for me. Anytime I hear someone say that, that's like a big bullet I keep in the back pocket.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But to answer your question, no, I wouldn't really. Again. And the DM setting is not the side of things where you want to do any of the sale. You just want to get them on the call.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah, she signed up anyway. But yeah, since the challenge thing's been live, we've had 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 calls I've done. Sorry, 12 calls I've done and 1, 2, 3, only 3 not converted.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: 9 out of 12 that I've done and then I have another 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 booked already this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, that's sick.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. So like this week has only been the three sign-ups so far, but like since I last spoke to you, it's been heaps.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so that's awesome. Challenges work really Really, really well for that, for that reason. So that's fantastic. And it's good that we've got a, well, yeah.
Meg Tovey: was just going say, of them like even have  referenced the challenge anyway.
Kyle Musca: So I haven't even had to say anything about it. Yeah. That's why I love the challenge because you don't have to change anything about what you're doing. People don't remember why they got on the call.
Meg Tovey: You know what I mean? They don't actually remember the specific details of what was on the ad.
Kyle Musca: just sort of gets them to take that action. Yeah. You don't really need to change anything about what you're actually doing. On that, yeah, go tell Rhys about the whole return on investment thing now.
Meg Tovey: It's good evidence because like I've wanted to get that CPL down. But this is, I guess, good evidence that we can actually get it down significantly lower. Just the right stuff, right offer, right graphics, right videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that's the thing with ads as well. It's like you can get them up and running and everything like that. But, you know. At the end of the day, marketing is always trial and error. You to figure out what the message should be, who should that be going out to, even things like the Indians and stuff coming through. Who do we need to try and cut out and in a way exclude from that? So there's always going to be a trial and error aspect of it, but it seems that the ads have continuously improved as time has gone on, which is essentially what we want. So what I would strongly, strongly recommend doing now is getting prepped to do these like every sort of three months, every three months type of thing. Because what we can do is, again, I do want to test out the lead magnet stuff now or after this challenge as well, because I was bringing in good leads and I'm currently running for a couple other people. And just adding that simple, like, are you looking to get a coach on the back end and just being upfront about it, definitely seems to get higher intent people conversating as well.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I just need to make, I think I need to make a better lead magnet, which I, I've got everything up on the tabs. just have not had a  minute to be able to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, I feel that. Yeah. With the lead magnet, make it like really, really specific on who exactly you want to call out. Because again, all we're really trying to do is get hand raises of our ideal sort of audience here. So it's like, you know, I want to make one, you know, how many in their 30s? You can cut 10 kilos of fat over 12 weeks while working 40 hour weeks or 40, 50 plus hour weeks.
Meg Tovey: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like just solve one really unique problem for a really unique person.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. I think we'll stick with this 20 kilo thing, but not to mums.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: that's been good with the challenge stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You want to always call that like, because right now what we're doing is we're focusing on targeting individuals with high income jobs. Or decent income jobs. So it's not just broad. I found that's a bit of a caveat with the Andromeda update is it's meant to find, you know, the best quality leads. But again, it's  meta. So, and it encourages you to do broad. But what is happening is like, it's just, it's meta. So it's just finding anyone that messages through and it's like, oh, that's a lead. We can call that a lead. But I very much sort of found that like getting a broad specific audience, if that makes sense. So it's like for your one, for example, I've just, I just added basically everyone who had a medium to high income job in entrepreneurs and everything like that. And then it still has enough to optimize around that. But it's like, we're trying to cut out all the riffraff of people that don't apply.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I think that's definitely a good strategy. Now with that as well, when you do get to make the lead magnet and basically anything, just be real careful with what wording. You use, because again, you don't want to be like gimmicky or salesy and stuff and be like, you know, how corporate women can lose 20 kilos. mean, like people are just very aware that that's a marketing tactic. Hence why I like to do like how men can lose 10 kilos in, you know,  12 weeks. Again, really tangible results while working 40, 50 plus hours a week. Because it's like, if you're working that much, you should have disposable income to, you know, invest in coaching.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll come back to you when I start doing it if I, I get stuck.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's usually like a simple thing, but it's hard to like actually think of if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Because yeah, definitely the 20 kilo thing is good. I feel like the six six month thing. It's been good. I don't know if people are like not seeing that part or if they are seeing it and they're like, because I haven't had any issues with the time frame. Like no one's had issues with committing. Oh, except for that chick last night. That was definitely, I reckon if it was 12 weeks, she would have done it, which is  annoying because I get a bit stuck with that on calls because I'm like, you need  one year.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I say with them is like, look, you I don't usually do this, but you know, the reality is you're probably going to need whatever time frame that they're going to do, but I'm happy to start you on like three months just so you can get started. You can see, you know, the quality of the coaching that we do here. You can see the results because I guarantee once you do, you'll be hooked and you'll want to keep going for more.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep. That's what I say in that. they're usually like, oh yeah, let's just do that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. I'll, I'll try that.
Kyle Musca: But for that, I don't.
Meg Tovey: I want to, like, because I know obviously there's packages for, like, more expensive for less time, but I feel like when someone's already said no to the six months at that rate, if you then go, oh, well, you can do less for more expensive, they're just going to say no again. So that's what we're trying to do.
Kyle Musca: It's still less expensive. So you just say it casually. You know what mean? So instead of doing $3,500 for six months, like, what we can do is we can just do three months and I'll bring it right down to just $2,000. And the reason, like, I don't usually do that, but just so you can, you know, get started, basically, so I said, it won't really click in their mind until after the call.
Meg Tovey: I still don't pitch pay in full very often.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and you've to do that as well because, like, once you start breaking it down, it sounds a lot better and you work towards a solution.
Meg Tovey: I know. It's so hard when you can tell you're talking to someone who's  working paycheck to paycheck.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but that's, it's a good thing once you understand how to do it properly, because then it's like you work with them and they'll appreciate you for helping, you know, get them across the line in a manner that supports what they're doing.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, he's like, yeah, look at a completely, again, you'd probably objection cycle a little bit for, it's like, you know, I don't want to sort of financially stress you out or anything like that by any means. What I can do is I work with a building company and we can, like, look at breaking that down so it is a lot more, you know, easier on cash flow if that's going to be more reasonable for you. Oh, yeah, that'd be awesome, you know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, I need to do that. I think I get in my head about, like, because we're in, I'm, like, not, don't have a, well, this week I have an abundance of calls booked, but, like, prior to this week it's been, or prior to last week, I'm, like, every call I can get, I want to convert, so then I get in my head about. Alright, so You I feel like I've got so much evidence of converting it, the weekly kind of thing with the onboarding fee that it, I'm like, I don't want to test painful and then potentially lose them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it's essentially the same concept as the deposit and the, sorry, the onboarding fee and then the reoccurring. You're just working backwards instead of adding more fees on.
Meg Tovey: That's why I like it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, you kind of want that shock factor from them because then they're anchored really high. And then again, you work towards a solution to figure it out with them. But like, again, it's just like, you can just keep going back and forth with it until like, like you can get to fully, because sometimes you waive the onboarding fee, don't you? If you need to.
Meg Tovey: Very rarely these days, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, I mean, because even, even for something like that, like you can get down to like, let's say, cool. So, you know, for six. month it's $3,500. Yeah. And then obviously guarantee while it's too expensive, break it down, break it down, you know, objection handle. They still can't do it because they live paycheck to paycheck. But look, you know, shouldn't really do this because it is technically full. I do have a silver package.
Meg Tovey: If we went on that, it would just be a hundred bucks a week. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like you just get to the point where like you, you can eventually get down to just a straight weekly price, but you just, you know, you work with them so continuously that by the time that like, cause then you've gone from three and a half grand up front down to just a hundred dollars a week.
Meg Tovey: You know what mean? It's like, it's, it comes across as long as you do it authentically. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, and, and, you act pretty casual about it type thing then. And you add that, especially the, the urgency and the scarcity that they have to take it there. And then, um, you, you usually people get, you usually get people like, oh,  it.
Meg Tovey: Let's just do it then. How do you, how do you justify having dropped it?
Kyle Musca: Like what's. What's about a silver package? So for me, it's just difference between 24-7 text and call communication as well as a weekly check-in call versus the silver package is just 24-7 text communication with a video call, like a Loom call.
Meg Tovey: Okay, so no like check-in call?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's just, yeah. And then you kind of, you know, I mean, that might even work better for you because I know you do work quite a lot. So you're probably not going to want to jump on a phone call heaps anyway.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, all right. Okay, leave it with me. I'll work on it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can add other things as well. Like sometimes I say like we open up to a slightly wider group of people as well. So there's an exclusivity factor. You can also take away like things like guarantees and  if you wanted to. You know, like look, what I can do, and sometimes that's the only thing you need to remove. Like I got a guy that that's all he removes when he drops a package. He's just like, look, what I can do is, you know, the... The price obviously is a bit of an accountability factor itself, but what I can do and the guys that jump on that, you know, I can give them that guarantee because they always put in the work. The guys that, you know, usually aren't willing to invest themselves as much usually don't put in as much work, but what I can do is I can bring it down to $2,500 for you or, you know, $3,000, whatever you do, and we can just remove that guarantee. So it is completely up to you whether or not you get the results.
Meg Tovey: Okay. I actually haven't really even been mentioning the guarantee, so that's also something I need to be doing, right?
Kyle Musca: I would, yeah, because it takes away the doubt that the program won't work.
Meg Tovey: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like if you give them a, and it's a conditional guarantee at the end of the day, so it's like they have to actually do the work.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah, fully. I kind of forgot about it. I've used it when people have had the fear of failure, but I don't put it in the normal pitch, so I will add that in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you could do it either way. I do it in the pitch part. But, like, again, you could even use that as an objection handling tactic. You know what mean? Like, it seems like you want to do the program, you know, maybe if it's a little bit more fear-based and you've extracted it. Like, look, I'm so confident that this works, I'll even make you a guarantee, right?
Meg Tovey: And then you just say the guarantee. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then with that chick that said she's getting fast food and everything like that all the time, that's when I would just be like, look, you know, why do you need to ask your partner if you're already spending that amount of money?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I would just be strict because those people especially, you know, she was on Centrelink, she would have been a  annoying client, I can almost guarantee it.
Meg Tovey: Nah, that was a different one. Oh, right. She was  from the get-go. Like, she was, had no budget. Like, I actually don't believe she, like, I feel like she was paycheck to paycheck kind of vibes. But the other chick had the money. She's just  a victim.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But I would just, yeah, that- You need to, again, drill into them that the decisions that they make are not good decisions, and they can't be essentially relied on. And this is something I'm kind of playing around a little bit more recently, but you kind of have to make it out as if the decision maker is the enemy. So, for example, you know, that was the chick where she knew her partner wouldn't support it at.
Meg Tovey: Yes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, what I would say in that situation is, like, can I just be, you know, put my coaching hat on being completely honest with you? Yeah. The reality is you're already spending that money on fast food. You're spending that money on something that you know is moving you further away from your goal rather than closer to your goal. And now you're trying to sort of deflect that responsibility of making the decision to change by asking someone that you already know is not going to support you. And I'm not sure about, you know, your relationship and everything. I really don't want to. Step, but more than likely because if they see you change, they know that they need to do something as well, right? And again, just don't mean to know if Step will come across the route or anything like that, but if you get off this phone, I guarantee you, you will not see it through because you're going to go away and you're going to start telling yourself every reason why you shouldn't do it. And you're going to ask your partner who you already know is not going to support you changing to better yourself. He's not going to support you as well, right? Again, you're already spending this money on fast food and things that aren't helping you. So I guess what decision are you going to make right now? Are you going to invest in yourself and start investing that money into something that's going to move you closer to your goal? Or are you going to accept that nothing's ever going to change and things are probably only going to get worse from here?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, because I did that whole first part and I think I missed the mark on the, like, A, saying you're already... Like repeating back that she's already spending that money on the takeaway because she said that to me and B, just being like, what are you going to do? Like being more direct. Because I think like I did the whole, got her to paint a picture of what life looks like  six, 12 months or whatever. And she was really into that. Like she cried like three times on the call. And then I was like, what would the version of you who has gotten to blah, blah, blah do in this moment? And she was like, I'll do it. So like, it was just like, there was this one, I don't know, I just couldn't  get it. And then I had to rely on a refundable deposit, which like.
Kyle Musca: You, from the sounds of that, did you re-ask? Like she'll do it. Okay, so what are you going to do?
Meg Tovey: Oh, no, I didn't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's the untie. A lot of closers forget to re-ask. You have to re-ask because they're not going to be like, okay, let's just do it. She just admitted that she would make that decision. If her six-month self would make that decision. So it's just tied together. What decision? Okay, what are you going to do then? I should do it. Okay, should we get started? Like you just re-ask.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay, cool. Because, yeah, that was like annoying. I was like, , just  shut the  up. There was one point in the call and she took it well. I was like, I want to reach into the phone and shake you. And she was like, yeah, I know. And still didn't  do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so you just got to be direct. again, always remember like you can get them because from the sounds of that, you got her right to the line. She's just not going to pull out her credit card. So you've just got to basically, you know, almost tell Well, she did the deposit.
Meg Tovey: Like she did the deposit. But, yeah, the refundable thing works. Like it's worked for me before. So I was like,  it. I'll just do that. But I probably could have, in hindsight, I was like, , maybe I should have just said deposit, not refundable deposit, and say if she, like, did. Did it? Because it would have been an easier, obviously, argument if she's already paid.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The issue there as well is like she would have gone away and had a chat to a partner and she would have talked herself out of it. So she would have probably come back regardless and, you know, not done it. So again, it's a hard one to do, but you kind of almost need to, you know, create the enemy in the partner.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that is hard. I didn't even think about that because, like, I was, I guess, mindful of not doing that.
Kyle Musca: It depends on the circumstance and the situation, but like.
Meg Tovey: But how you said it sounded good. I just don't, need to practice it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like one, it's usually coming from an angle of like, they're not going to want to see you do it because it means that they'll have to do something as well.
Meg Tovey: So the only thing that situation is she was saying he's, he's like skinny or whatever. She was like saying he doesn't understand. So. I was kind of leaning into the point of, like, he's just going to see the figure. He's got no context of this hour-long conversation we've had. And he hasn't struggled with the things that you've struggled with. So, yeah, it was a little bit different in that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's the other angle I was going to say coming from is, like, you he doesn't know what it's like to live in your body. He doesn't know the feelings that you feel when you look at yourself in the mirror and you're not happy with who you see. You know what mean? So, like, if he can't actually relate, you know what mean, even if you tell him, I'm sure he could understand to a degree, but you can't feel it unless you're in it. So, if he can't feel it and he doesn't actually fully understand what you're going through and how that's affecting you, then why should he have any input on the decision you make for you?
Meg Tovey: Love that.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? It's just about, yeah, it's either about kind of, when I say make the enemy out of the partner, I'm not saying try and get the breakup. Like, make them realize that, like, their partners, you know, in whatever sense, not going to support because they are only going to see. The figure. It's a combination of the two, really. know what I mean? Like making the enemy as, because essentially what we did there is make the partner the enemy because the partner is not going to support you, as you said, because he's only going to see the figure. He doesn't actually understand how you feel. So by doing that, the partner does become the enemy.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, I love that. I just can't even fathom being in a  relationship like that, where I like have to consult with Nick to spend money on something to make me lose fat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I had a guy lay a $2,000 deposit and he was keen to get started. And then he's like, Mrs. must've said no. And he called me and he's like, oh, can I get a refund?
Meg Tovey: I was like, man, grow up a pair of balls. Oh my God. That's even worse. Like I get it. I somewhat get it from a, from a female perspective. Cause when the, the guy is like the breadwinner, but yeah, . That's so, yeah. Wow. So Nicky.
Kyle Musca: Might as well say go dated. Dude at that point.
Meg Tovey: What did you do in that scenario? Just as a side note.
Kyle Musca: I, well, Tommy, my clothes had tried to save him. It's hard for me to try and save him in that position because I have no context about what they've spoken about or the, you know, and the pain and everything like that. I did try and, again, make the partner seem like he had me in that perspective, but it was a bit late.
Meg Tovey: Like he was already tapped out.
Kyle Musca: It's hard to save him in that situation.
Meg Tovey: So you just, did you just end up refunding or did you do a partial?
Kyle Musca: It was with, it was like literally an hour after the close. So it's like, I just, if it's within 24 hours, I'll refund it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If there's work that's been produced, then I won't, but for that. Yeah. That's the thing though. Like if, as soon as they're off the phone, if they come back and they're not willing to get back on the phone with you, it's just, it's so hard to try and do anything.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Fully.
Kyle Musca: Like, you know, you, you're probably best bet is like just to essentially spam. guys again. You them until they pick up. I remember a guy did that for me when I was like, we're getting Brian Mark's course, and I like picked up, and I was like, I shouldn't have done that.
Meg Tovey: I actually was going to send you a really, yesterday or the day before, because it was about messaging, and I was like, this is literally what we were just talking about. Do you follow, I think his name's Will something?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's got it, Will Nelson.
Meg Tovey: Nelson?
Kyle Musca: Mm-hmm.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, he posted this thing about, like, if you speak, because I've noticed he's pivoted his messaging lately to, like, not speaking to victims, basically. And he was saying how, like, if you obviously put that kind of language in your messaging, you're going to attract those people. And I was like, this is literally what we're just talking about, like, moving away from putting those kind of words in about particularly. What we were leaning into more like, I don't even, I can't even think of the actual words, but I feel like the people that have done calls with the last two weeks have been less like that, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. He seems like a little bit of a  artist. I've had like, I've had like, I've known quite a few people that have been through his course and just got  all out of it.
Meg Tovey: Oh, really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like one of the guys I run ads for at the moment, he spent like 20 grand for like three months. And like, he said it was the shittest experience.
Meg Tovey: Hectic.
Kyle Musca: Cause he's, he's got my attention. Yeah. But he sells the carrot. You know what He's like, his, his messaging is like, you don't need to run organic.
Meg Tovey: You don't need organic content. You just need ads. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like  people spend an arm and a leg and then, yeah, it's not even like a done for you type thing. It's like you go do it yourself and they kind of just sort of show you how to kind of do it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, but it's like, it's not really super helpful.
Meg Tovey: yeah, that was. It if you've got a brand, but if you don't have a brand, ads  don't work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. No, he also does like a three-step system where it's like you essentially make organic content and then put ad spend on that and then like retarget the people that watched like 75% of it. But it's like just  make organic content and people will like watch your content anyway. You're going to go straight to direct response, but yeah.
Meg Tovey: That's good insight.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, because like Hattie and Coben want to do it, are trying to do, because they must have spoke to him. So they're like, can you set this up? I'm like, you can set it up, but there's no  point. Like Hattie's got such an authority already.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: to do that.
Meg Tovey: Him and Brian Mark have my attention at the moment, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I mean, I've done Brian's course as well. Like, yeah, he seems, he's all right. Like he's, he seems to care about his clients, but like. Yeah, Not for the 50 grand I paid for it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah. Cool. All right. So is there anything that you're, I guess, particularly struggling with at the moment, or is it just a matter of just ramping up the challenge side of things and trying to maximize the response from that?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, the only thing really is just like my own time. But, like, I'm just, because I feel like I have to, I do have to put an hour aside for each client. Sorry, not each client, each consult to, like, do the proper consult and then do the initial part of the onboarding, how we've been doing it, which is so fun. But, yeah, it's just a time thing. Like, if I could get more people in faster, I feel like they'd convert faster. But also, like, I think there is some good side to them being booked in the next day or the day after because then... And if they don't cancel the call, I'm like, okay, they're somewhat keen still.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I would, yeah. Why you've got such good lead flow, yeah. I would just sort of maximize your profit margins for ones and conversion and everything like that. Because you just, oh, you haven't brought on that new coach yet, have you?
Meg Tovey: New, what do you mean?
Kyle Musca: Because we only got the coach application.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, no, I'll have to do some interviews. I just got another one came through when I was on that call. Well, I haven't looked at it yet, but one of them is really good. Like, I know her, but she's got, like, what I thought was a thriving business. So, I don't know why she's wanting to, like, some people just  apply to just learn and then, but I can usually pick that up in the interview. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you never, never know.
Meg Tovey: I know. know, 90  percent of people who look like they're doing well are not.
Kyle Musca: So, So yeah, if she's, is she a close friend of yours or?
Meg Tovey: Nah, she just goes to Nick's Run Club.
Kyle Musca: Oh, cool. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say, don't hire any close friends or anything like that.
Meg Tovey: Well, I actually, my first ever employee was my, one of my best friends and she worked for me for three years and we're still best friends. Like I just went to Japan with her. And then Lauren, my head coach, was a client of mine for over a year and a half. Before she became a coach. And then Ali, our next coach was a client for over a year. I actually have had a really good experience with hiring people that I know. And I know our newest coach, like our other Lauren too. Like she's so, but I'm, I've got a good, I can tell when someone's a  idiot or not. Generally.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. You need to be able to like be a . Like not doing well. Um, yeah, perfect. Have you thought about. But getting your coaches to do some direct response stuff and, like, just getting the videos done for them.
Meg Tovey: As in through their Instagram accounts?
Kyle Musca: Not even. Like, even if you just got, like, set up a, you know, filming day, got them to film the ads and we just run it through the actual, the same account we're currently running through. Because they're still on it. It would be the same concept as you doing it.
Meg Tovey: It'd just be a different phase. Well, yeah, I would do that with Lauren because she's the only one that's on the Instagram page. And I kind of want to keep it that way because I think it's working well. I think if I have too many coaches on the page, it just gets confusing and less personal brand-like. So, yeah, Lauren would definitely be open to it and she speaks well on camera. Just do it, like, what's the benefit to that versus just being me?
Kyle Musca: It's just a fresh face, you know. She might, like, resonate a little bit better with a certain type of buyer. You never know.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it also means that you don't have to do it yourself.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. The only thing is they're in New South Wales also. But I could definitely get her to do some when they're up in, they're coming up in May.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. yeah, however you want to do it, even if you found out.
Meg Tovey: She's the one that's in all the graphics that I send because I don't have any bikini pics.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, there's no, like, huge thing about doing that besides the fact of just getting a fresh face up there and testing how it goes. But, yeah. Anyway, I think we're in a really good spot. Like, the challenge is going well. When did we say the challenge launches?
Meg Tovey: 30th of March.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, perfect. So, yeah, we've still got quite a long time to – a decent amount of time to really maximize that. I reckon while you've got – while we've got it set up and it's just performing so well, I would just focus your attention now on – I'm just trying to get a really good lead magnet set up for exactly who we want our hand-raisers to be.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, can do. I had a question, but I can't remember what it was. Can I write it down? No. This is like a not even a close thing, but also time flies. Otherwise, I would like to actually want your opinion. I would like to because I go to Europe for three weeks in September and when I was in Japan for just a week, I was like, this is the first time in my business where I've felt stressed about the fact that because in the past, whilst, yeah, wasn't making as much money, I was, the business kept running and I was selling by chat pretty easily because all the leads were organic. So I could just sell on DMs while I was on holidays. Whereas this is the first time It time where, like, I didn't have any sign-ups while I was away. It was only a week, but, like, still. And I was thinking ahead because I go to Europe for three weeks in September. Loz did take two of our concert calls, and I actually watched them back to give her feedback, and they were actually really good. The only part she fell through with was, like, when she gets the objection at the end, she didn't really know how to, like, the, she didn't know how to tweak things, like, the payment structures and  like that, that she would need to be trained on a bit more. But I also don't know whether I'm better off training her to do those for, like, when I go away or look at bringing a closer on, because, like I've said in the past, like, that's obviously eventually the goal. And I'm still happy to do calls at the same time, but, yeah, just something I don't want to be, like, doing reactively a week before I go away and then be like, , I should have done this sooner.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So there's three real options there. One is, and this is what I like doing in those periods of time, is just basically turning everything off while you're away and just saving all the ad spend, saving the spend on the setters and everything like that. And as long as you've, if you're going to do that, I would make sure you do a really hard push leading up to it. So you are basically filled out and you're in a really good spot to just sort of, I guess, reap the rewards of that work. That obviously, you know, no new real signups come in, but it does keep you really nice and profitable because then your only overheads are basically coach expenses. That's option one. Option two is depending, it depends how much confidence you have in Lauren to not necessarily do the calls, but not understand that side of the business and then like leave because she feels like she can go do it herself.
Meg Tovey: I have. Absolute confidence that she's not leaving. She's said it, like, outright to me multiple times that that's not her, yeah. And, like, she is very, I know she values loyalty and whatnot. Or if she did, she wouldn't just  leave. Like, she'd give me a good amount of notice and everything like that. But I also am, like, she's got a full book of clients, so, like, I would rather not have her do. So, because I don't want to be doing calls forever.
Kyle Musca: So, what you could do there, because the option three is, yeah, we're going to close up. But the issue with a closer is you need to be giving, like, you know, 30-odd plus calls a week consistently to be able to find a good one. Because otherwise, like, you just get, like, you know, realistically, if you're paying 10%, you know, unless you're closing, you know, 80-100 grand a month. You know what I mean? It's just not worth.
Meg Tovey: what Well, I guess the reason I'm bringing it up now is so that I can create a plan to get to that point, because that's the goal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Meg Tovey: If I'm not doing that a month by like, or not by then, but like, well, actually, yeah, because I'm not far off that. So I feel like it would be realistic to have that as the goal anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I guess what a, you could always multi-step it, and what I mean by that is like, even four-step, again, this kind of combines it, whether you did this as a one-step phase to get to that point, or even just like gear it up so Lauren can take the calls while you're away. Either way, you could get like a sales trainer, like Tommy, for example, to jump on there and just give her actual like a, you know, an eight-week training course, for example, like he does. Get her really up to scratch, and then she... She can start taking calls for you, which will lighten your load, and she therefore becomes a little bit more of a part-time closer. Doing that, you'd probably, obviously, pull back the amount of client load that she actually has so she can handle that work. But in saying that, if you're going to bring on another coach, like, that might not be a bad thing anyway because you'll probably be trying to fill them up anyway. And then Lauren could essentially jump into more of an actual program, like, I call them a program director. I'm not calling them a salesperson, but an actual program director where she sort of manages the fulfillment side of things and the sales side of things.
Meg Tovey: I'm just thinking, like, right now, as of just while you were talking, I don't know if she actually would want to move into that anyway. Because a big part of why she likes being employed is because there's no pressure, whereas I feel like, and she cracks under pressure in terms of, like... Like, not pressure, like workload, like she's got a really good work ethic, but pressure as in, like, has a big emotional response when someone cancels or, like, if she didn't get the sale, it would impact her state. So I feel like I don't know if she's the right person anyway. Like, she could do some here and there, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: I guess, long story short, I would like to get to a point where I need to bring on a closer.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if that's the case, then. We would just have to go really hard on making sure that the offers that we do have consistently pull in, again, like 30-odd calls a week. Which means that, you know, we know that we can rely on direct response to it to get probably 10 to 15 calls a week if we're pushing that well. So. Thanks. We could always scale that up, obviously. Realistically, to be fair, we don't spend like crazy amounts. Like if you want to get to that level, like I spend, you know, anywhere between three to five grand a week on ads. So there's just the scalability, which obviously, you know, if you invest more, you get more calls out as long as it's pulling through a good cost per lead. The other thing there is if you could get a lead magnet to work really well, yes, it would probably be lower intent calls to a degree. But the volume should be there as well. So as long as you did have a really good skilled closer on there, they'll still be able to get the income they need out of them.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Because, yeah, like I'm so comfortable to scale the ad spend if they're like kind of LTV to CAC ratio is high enough, which it's not really at the moment. Maybe after this month. If it keeps going, it's going. But prior to this month, like last month, was like four or five, which like is a little bit.
Kyle Musca: Four or five hundred.
Meg Tovey: No, four or five, like the, how much it costs me to acquire a client versus the minimum, like the minimum term, essentially, the 30 to 40 or whatever it is for the six months. When I include ad spend, you, and the setters. Because that spreadsheet doesn't include you or the setter or Vaughan either, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So that's the other thing you've got to weigh up as well as the profit margin is that's a 10% off the top as well.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Which is fine. Like I know for a fact, I don't want to be doing a hundred calls a day. Like I used to love my. Business. And now I  hate it. No, I hate it. That's so dramatic. I hate what I do in a day. And I have no freedom in that regard. So I'm so happy to do that, obviously for a season or a period or a couple, however long I need to do it for, but I don't want it to be this indefinite thing where I don't have, I can't see the, where it's going to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The, yeah, the, the other thing just on that as well, probably the easiest solution to all that is just increase your prices. You know, if you're only charging 3,200 for six months now, um, one, could bump that up to 3,500. Um, like that's my core package. Um, you could also bring out a more advanced program as well. Like you could bring out a $5,000 one, for example. I mean, give the closer, especially with a closer and experienced closer, give them the ability to increase their income by selling higher ticket packages.
Meg Tovey: If they're, if the skills there. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? it. Tell them, like, you know, bring out a year-long package. You if you're dealing with women that need to lose 30, 40 kilos, bring out a year-long package.
Meg Tovey: I used to do that. Oh, I did it for, like, probably a month. But then when they obviously tried early exit and , it was a  show. So I don't know if I could do that if I got more of the money up front.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, that's why I paid, like, not paid in fulls, but doing up front pricing is the way to go because it's, like, cool, we'll cover, you know, 2K now and then it'll just be 80 bucks a week. Again, that's just off the top of my head. But, like, you know, let's just go 2K  package for three months. Cool, we'll do 1,200 now and it's 400 a month from that point on once. You know what mean? They're not pulling out at that point.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And even if they do, it doesn't matter because you've still got your profit margins are well and truly there. You know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Would you recommend, because when I did do the 12-month, I did, I pitched either the 12-month. Or the six-month option. It obviously made the six-month easier to make it higher because there was that, like, price difference. But I've never done that with ads. Or maybe I had one or two  ad people at that stage. It was definitely before we started. So that was, like, organic. Oh, no, actually, it was ads. But, like, yeah, not like what it is now. Would that be something that I could do? Because I'd feel way more comfortable pitching the six-month at a higher price if I had that 12-month anchor.
Kyle Musca: I don't think so. I don't think confused with timeframes. Just do it based off what they need. You know, I mean, if they need to lose, you know, 30, 40-odd kilos, then you would just talk about 12 months. And if they don't buy it on that, then you'd anchor it. Be like, look, instead of, you know, same as I said before, instead of 12 months, we'll just do the six months. We'll just start with that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: My alarm's going off. Bye. Bye. Bye. Yeah, I find those are usually the easiest solution because like, for example, my current closer, like he's just stopped selling three months altogether and he just goes for six months every time now. No one bats an eye. They don't know there's another option.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And people understand too, like realistically, they know, you know, if you need to lose 40 kilos, it's not going to take six months, is it?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: might as well just save yourself the costs now and give it to a year.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: But to answer your question, I would increase your rates like 3,200. can definitely, one, bring that up to 3,500 and you're, again, you know, you said you took, was it 12 calls and you closed nine? Like the close rates there. So it's like bring out a higher ticket package. And if they don't buy it on that, just drop into a call package.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And if they don't buy it on that, then you drop down to a... A package that's not technically available, but they can go on a weekly payment.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. Okie dokie. I'm going to go to the bathroom before my next call.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Very quickly on that as well. If anyone does bat an eye at the price, which I don't think they will, you just turn around and be like, yeah, well, because we're not like most coaching programs. You know, we don't focus on, you know, skinny girls losing a couple kilos. We focus on women that need to lose 20 plus kilos, and there's a lot more than just fitness coaching that goes into that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. All right. I'll let you run. If you have any questions on that, just hang out there.
Meg Tovey: Amazing. Thanks so much.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Cheers. Bye. Bye.


>>> 131/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-18T06:46:59Z | id:130770786
People: Kyle Musca

Callum Hinze: Hey, how's it going?
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro. How you going?
Callum Hinze: Good. Good. I've just now sent you through the extra CTA vids as well.
Kyle Musca: For the organic sort of things?
Callum Hinze: No, that's for the resource, free resource stuff.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah. Sick. Did you... Did you add those into... I'll show my screen. Make it nice and easy. Did you add the old ones into this one as well?
Callum Hinze: Like, is this all the same? Yeah, it's all of them together.
Kyle Musca: So I think there was, like, five new ones, which were... These ones, yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I probably need to title them, don't I?
Kyle Musca: If I filter them out there, I can see. Might want to do that just because I'll give it to the media buyer to actually upload because that's a tedious job. Yeah. Might want to just chuck them in, like, it can be a new folder in this one, for example. Like, even if you just date it, you know, the date, and then upload them, just so it's a little bit clear for him. Um... Cool, bro. I was reading through your check-in form before, but how's this week going overall?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, pretty straightforward. Pretty good. There's a few more coming through now from the lead magnet stuff for calls as well.
Kyle Musca: Yes.
Callum Hinze: They're still often like hit and miss. Like some of them don't even want coaching. They just want some advice, but got to have some good ones for some bad ones, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, with them, again, the job is just to get the hand raised, is get them, you know, open to the idea of the conversation. And like, if you can kind of, you know, get them G'd up enough, you know, I might get them across the line to really  take action on it. Or, you know, mean, again, these guys will all be getting tagged in many chat as well. So even if they don't convert, we can just magic hat them, you know, every few months and then get them, you know, back on. How many calls this week actually came from the magic hat alone?
Callum Hinze: For them and just anyone else that falls within it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry, cut out there.
Callum Hinze: What was that one? I'll do a big magic hat at the end of March for the months of March and Feb, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Yeah. Let's have a gaze here. Do you separate this in terms of the lead numbers and the...
Callum Hinze: I separated it for the... What do I separate? I separated the leads and the ad spend, but I didn't know how to separate the actual bookings and calls as per which were from each. So it's sort under that top section that's separate. But I do have a separate document that I probably need to share with you.
Kyle Musca: In terms of like you've got a document of this, but just for the lead, Yeah, yeah. Yeah, perfect. Okay, let's run through this real quick. So what is it that you're not sure on in terms of separation?
Callum Hinze: So getting... getting... Just figuring out what calls were booked from what. I mean, I'm guessing it's built to somewhere.
Kyle Musca: What I would do there, the easiest thing would just be coming into GoHighLevel and just creating a different calendar and just color coding it. Okay. So for example, like, and it'd be pretty easy to do. You'll have your main one. So for me, it's just a vision call and then you just duplicate it and then you just rename it. Whatever. And then you just change it. Come into that. And then you just change the meeting color down here and you'll be able to easily identify what calls what.
Callum Hinze: Okay. And then it's just a matter of Clamay booking in the separate calendar, let her know or whoever's in the system.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. So you say like, you know, if they come through their lead mag, just book them in on whatever calendar you call it.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yeah. That's easy to do. For this week, I just did the same. So I just said, said, Okay. Okay. So Calls with a collab of both.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's fine. That should. How many, do you know how many like roughly calls came through from that?
Callum Hinze: I think it might have been two or three from the lead magnet and the rest were from the direct.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's all. So let's have a geese at this as well. In terms of contacts here, because that one's going to be the one that fills out this data. Total leads in many chat. What we do there is just filter. And then the ones that come through the ads directly will be qualified leads. Whereas the other one will be, you can see there, is lead mag qualified. I think it was lead mag qualified. So that's how you can separate in many chat itself. What's the date on this? So the six. 16th to the 19th, I think it's 8th to the 15th, 8th to the 15th, subscribed for the 15th, 18th, perfect, that's good, perfect, so really good booking right there, good cost per call, really good show-up rate, so show-up rate has consistently been really, really good lately, except for this week, obviously, but that was because, oh yeah, you had those reschedules there, hey.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, there's still been a lot of reschedules this week too, but they are still rescheduling rather than just no-showing, a lot of them, so that's better than just a ghost.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then 5 calls, so 56, 320, perfect, is that correct?
Callum Hinze: If I've done my math right, I took 1 up front for 12. Uh, no, I think I missed one. I think that should be $3,500 up front, I believe. I think.
Kyle Musca: So together that's what, eight, nine grand? Yeah, that's about right. Eight grand. Yeah, eight grand.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Um, so five.
Callum Hinze: That should be at least 10, unless, oh, did you go some like lower ticket ones? There was a couple of low ticket ones there, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, so that's pretty reasonable. Still sitting in five. And we've been doing some really good weeks here recently.
Callum Hinze: Have you tried selling the six-month ones, more so? I have, Matt, what do I make? I made one or two sales on the six. But I haven't been pushing it a lot with the younger guys, because I know they're not really always as readily available to spend.
Kyle Musca: I would get into the habit of just going for six every time, to be honest, unless, especially if it's muscle building, because muscle building isn't a quick process, you know what mean? Like my closer, for example, he's just fully stopped doing or offering three months, unless it's like that, and then you lose like five kilos or something very minor. But he's basically just fully stopped offering that. He's only offering six months now.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Does he, what sort of age bracket are they normally, that he's selling to?
Kyle Musca: My guys usually like probably later 20s to 30s.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's the same relative price, to be honest. Like obviously it's, you know, it is a bit more expensive, but it's also in a way more affordable because, you know, the longest they are on, the less they have to, I guess, pay on a week-to-week basis.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. All my FIFO guys are always keen to pay up front. It's just the younger ones, I was still like, nah, I want to break it down, which makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. separate. Probably apprentices or whatever they're doing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but that's okay as well because like my, so for example, the low ticket six-month one, that's $2,500, that's $100 a week.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so, I mean, you can get there. It depends on the person, obviously. Like if they don't need six months, then, you know, there's no point in selling someone something they don't need. But doing that, you know, that would just increase that massively. Because if we got, you know, I mean, even if you made two sales of the six months, that would have almost basically made up for all four of the, all five of those.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: Because like all the numbers are really, really healthy. So it's like if that's like one little lever you could pull that would just essentially almost double that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: How, have you checked the conversations in the, from the lead mags?
Callum Hinze: So. Some are only really the ones that have actually come through for calls.
Kyle Musca: I haven't really had a good gear to the rest. Okay. Well, this is something I've been checking almost daily because I've been, not the conversations, but the many chat flow itself because I've been quite interested to see how that's going. The graphics from what I saw already getting them up, they're pulling in even better cost per leads, which is to be expected. Yeah, so hopefully we keep pushing that. But as you can see here, most of the guys are working full-time, which is good. It's been said 50 times, 49 times, 16 people have said they're potentially interested, and six people have said that they are definitely interested. So what's that?
Callum Hinze: 16 plus six, that's 20. They're definitely interested ones. I don't need to check where they've gone because I don't think I've had anyone booking for a call who, click, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Full-time. That as well, if you do want to check them specifically, you can just come into these buttons, click on the exact user. You can tag him as well, which you definitely could. Yeah, hang on. I'm just going to quickly move rooms here. The cleaners are getting around. Two seconds. All right, we're back.
Callum Hinze: We're back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so if you ever want to check them specifically, you can. We might even tag them, to be honest. Because they are.
Callum Hinze: It's weird because none of those ones there have actually been booked for a call yet. So I'll be interested to see what happens.
Kyle Musca: What we'll do here is, let's edit this real quick. A tag, um, mag, done. Copy that up here, lead mag, let's call it 100% interest today, not work. Grab that, it's pretty good over here. And we will tag our update. Why are you doing this? Surely that didn't just reset, though, what the ? Oh, okay, I'll just reset that, that's cool. That's fine, that'll be in the conversations anyway. What is this? Get this out there. Cool. All right, let's just go have a radio conversation, though. We'll show us what we need to know. I'm interested in coaching. Yeah, so I think this guy's just  weirdo's just been tapping around and . Yeah, Patenji. That was 8th of March. 1338 is also 138. Let me just ... No, I'm nuts. Oh, he re-clicked it. a  idiot.
Callum Hinze: Did that happen a fair bit, weirdly?
Kyle Musca: So this looks like a number one. I mean, this guy did reply. Yeah, potentially, and then just didn't reply after that, which is weird. What's that, 17th of March? So that's pretty recent. That was yesterday. That was pretty recent, so did this guy end up saying?
Callum Hinze: No, he jumped on a call and he said he had an injury or something, so it was waiting until the injury fixes up.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Did you have a call with him today?
Callum Hinze: I had a call, yeah, and he just needed to get clearance from a doctor in like a month's time. I like, all right, I'll just reschedule you to call. I think we rescheduled to call early April.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, cool. mean, so that might well and truly potentially come on. So, funnily enough, this guy has come through. Oh, he's younger. Hold on.
Callum Hinze: The young guys do that a lot. They'll say younger and then they'll come back and fix it so they can qualify, but...
Kyle Musca: What do you say on the younger one? So, look at that. Yeah, I mean, still got that. Yeah, you might want to fix the link up on that one.
Callum Hinze: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That might be why they're coming back. Because they're not getting anything.
Callum Hinze: Makes sense. He's still got the program at the start there. Hey, that one worked? The first link? Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would block it's someone that does this, to be honest.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would go and block this guy. He's just  wasting your ad spend like there's no tomorrow. Like, he's been through it so much.
Callum Hinze: Was he Mark Savage?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Stop messaging me, you can't. Yeah, but if someone clicks through two or three times on my ads, and they don't start a conversation or anything like that, I just block them. Because they're just going to keep wasting your  ad spend.
Callum Hinze: Blocked, done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing we should check... And then I do want to get into just reviewing the graphics real quick, should be good. That's probably done. It's okay.
Callum Hinze: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: What's going on here? I spoke to Chris just as well, by the way.
Callum Hinze: Which, oh, yeah. What did he say? He said he was pretty keen, actually.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, I didn't like try and hard sell them or anything like that. Um, 25 to 35. Yeah. So that's pretty good. Some of these guys have just said their age younger on that. We'll keep an eye on it. Um, cause I know you do get a load of younger guys that actually do end up signing up, but if you do get, you know, especially with the lead magnet, if you're getting a ton of, you know, young kids coming through and just  skewing the data, we might even just rip, uh, pull that up a bit. Um, yeah, he seemed pretty keen. Like he's got good cashflow and everything. I think for a matter of him or just be whether or not he actually, you know, wants to, wants to push it a little bit harder.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. He seemed to, he was questioning a lot about how I do my stuff. So he seemed like he was eager to learn.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, he's got an untapped audience. I think he'd do well, um, just whether or not he'd, he'd want to do it.
Callum Hinze: That's the big thing.
Kyle Musca: So what happened here. When was this? 15th of March. 15th of March. So what might have happened there is what's that? That's probably 3.18pm. Yeah, yeah. Setters probably should have got in there a little bit earlier. What could have happened is in a more motivated mindset then and then like when they actually got back to him the following day.
Callum Hinze: Oh, that's my time as well. So that's plus three hours. That's 6pm, I think.
Kyle Musca: So Setters probably should have been in there. You might want to ask me about that. What's probably happened there is, yeah, he's messaged through when he's in a bit more of a motivated state. And then once the set has got back to him the next day. Yeah. was out of that state. Yeah. Potentially. Again, with that link, you might want to fix that one. I don't know. Again, this, oh, this is probably a guy that's come through again multiple times. Yeah. Might want to block him as well.
Callum Hinze: Oh, what's his name? Astonagi.
Kyle Musca: So that one led to a call, which is good.
Callum Hinze: Who's that one? Jeff Davis.
Kyle Musca: Who's he? Did he get on that call?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, he did. But he was one of the ones, I think, a week or two ago that didn't have the funds for it.
Kyle Musca: Right.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Which seems to be kind of common for a lot of the league. Big bad guys.
Kyle Musca: Qualified Prima run a company as a second in charge. I mean, to be fair, that's a pretty qualified dude there.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's all I kind of thought, eh?
Kyle Musca: That's a . Setter should probably get back to this guy.
Callum Hinze: Bastion.
Kyle Musca: You know what we could do here as well is, I'm pretty sure, it's just broad, yeah. Maybe we swap it to be, maybe, and I've asked this a few times, what is your, like the main jobs that your guys are working that actually do sign up?
Callum Hinze: A lot of tradies, a lot of FIFO.
Kyle Musca: So, okay.
Callum Hinze: And there are, to be honest, there are like a fair split of just general office workers too. So, yeah, pretty. Broad, guess, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what we'll do... I might even... It's tricky to say. I might even create a new campaign and have this set up and have it geared towards not doing broad.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because... Many direct responses coming on, honestly. Those videos are starting to hook, which is nice. So I won't change that. There's a few that the setters have actually missed here. So these two guys, they did actually get back.
Callum Hinze: Well, they're the ones that said definitely. Definitely interested.
Kyle Musca: Looking full-time. and but It's You've you And He said, yeah, potentially.
Callum Hinze: Right.
Kyle Musca: And then this guy said... Yeah, potentially. Nick, Ma, did you talk to this guy? I think we spoke about him last week, didn't we?
Callum Hinze: Oh, yeah. He was a random one that just wanted to boast about how well he was doing. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Hold on. He was actually funny.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So there's an improvement there, which is good. What we'll do is... Yeah, I reckon I'll probably reset. I'll create a new campaign and we'll start targeting towards... Let's just go cream of the crop. Yeah, probably. Let's go for tradies, I reckon. At least we know that way, if they're coming through, they should be financially stable.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And ideally not  kids. Okay. Let me write a note of that real quick. Otherwise, the direct response stuff is absolutely crushing, so I'll just keep wrapping that up. Um. Beautiful. Yeah. Come back to this. Now, the other thing I want to cover. Yeah. Yeah, it's just the graphics, because they're definitely creeping up on us, ad spend-wise, just so you can see. So it's, it came in mad clutch having those videos come in because, oh, what's going on here? Why is this so slow?
Callum Hinze: You direct with your head?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I thought they looked, they turned out well. looked better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so. Turn this one off. This was creeping high, but these ones are pulling through a good cost per lead. So while I'm on this, because I just saw that actually, might even turn this off. Oh, it's so slow when one calls. Oh, meadow. Oh, meadow. I'm going to get up there because it does not handle that well. So with this, I found that getting like really, tangible with the headlines and everything is so, so critical. So, for example, so this is probably a good, good, uh, uh, I've got an example for you specifically because we want to go for more goal-orientated physical outcomes. And want to cut fat-billed muscle and get six-pack abs. So like the physical attribute is what I use to hook them in. I'm looking for 12 men who want to shred 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks. They're super tangible. And we're like using actual numbers, especially with the claim that we want to make, the big, bold claim we want to kind of think about. But the issue with when you're doing it kind of like this, for example, move that over there, is there's no real thing, like there's no real target that they can like put, like imagine them doing, if that makes sense, right? So guys who still lift but can't see their abs, the problem isn't effort, it's a system. A fixed guy's system gets shredded while holding onto hard-earned muscle, right? So to a degree, like it's not bad by any means. I'm gonna say, I'm I'm gonna gonna gonna But for example, you might want to say, and I don't know if there's an actual statistic for this, but like, you know, 83% of men who lift still can't see their abs. You know, the problem isn't, the problem usually isn't effort, it's the system they're following, or something like that, you know what mean? Yeah. You know, I build, and again, there's other nuances, let's just keep it simple. I build men this system to help them gain 6 to 8 kilos of lean muscle in 90 days or less, right? So again, really nice and number-specific tangibles. And then, what you can usually do with this bold claim, is I always like to do, essentially like, end dream outcome. So like, I hope... I've guys built six to eight kilos of lean muscle in 90 days or less and build them a physique that turns heads when they walk in the door. Or the other option is without pain. So I help men build six to eight kilos of lean muscle without adding a bunch of unnecessary fatty tissue or, you know, whatever.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Or getting riddled with injuries or something like that. You know what mean? Yeah. And then what I also would really, really recommend doing here is trying to fit it, see how I fit it within, and this might probably well and truly actually do it, but trying to fit it within a four by five aspect ratio. So even though this is like a story style post where it's, you know, nine, 16 aspect ratio, all the wording and everything like that is, would fit. Within a 4x5, if that makes sense. And the reason we want to do that is so we can chuck it on a feed post as well. Because otherwise, if it's too spread out, it will cut off parts of the image and obviously it just won't make sense. The other thing I, well, I just get my video editor to do this, but you can also do it if you want, is I turn it into a 15-second video. So when I create them in Instagram, actually create them with, like I put in like an audio over it. So it makes it a 15. So when you actually download it, it downloads as a 15-second video, not a graphic. The reason for that is because if we don't do that and we upload it as a graphic, meta will either throw some really  music on it that just doesn't resonate at all. Or if it is just a graphic alone, like simulate how you'd post a normal story, it will only last for like five seconds and it doesn't give people enough time. How long it last?
Callum Hinze: It's a video, 15 seconds.
Kyle Musca: If we make it a 15 second, I think after 15 seconds, it will break it into other stories, which we don't really want to do. But it's like, if we just get it to the last 15 seconds, will give people plenty. So, I'm not going back in a minute because it gets too slow. But yeah, like you'll see on the actual bar at the top, it will be a lot slower because it will essentially be playing the sound. It will be playing the video. Now, the only issue with that is you can't upload the copywritten music because it's for commercial use, so you'll get in trouble for that. So, what I did is when I downloaded it, I tried to mute it, but then when I muted it, just turned it into this like zero second clip. So, the easiest solution is I just sent my graphics to my video editor and I just paid him to be like, hey, can you just make this a 15 second video?
Callum Hinze: Put some royalty free music. have to add any music on at all?
Kyle Musca: Or you do get him to add some? Yeah, because I sent... The team, was just like, get some royalty-free music that, you know, is sort of motivating and uplifting and just  make it a quick video.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Nothing about it actually has to change. Like, this is nothing. It's still the graphic.
Callum Hinze: It just has sound on it, essentially, and it's a video. Okay. Yeah, it makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's nice and tangible. Another one, this one's doing quite well for me at the moment. Did you see that framework doc I sent through to you?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I need to go through and adjust it according to that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I built that literally around these graphics. Another one is like, you see how I changed where I put the I'm looking for? I mean, like, I use the title on this one to try and hook them in, but I just went straight in for essentially what I'm looking for. I'm looking for 12 lads who want to drop 8 to 12 kilos of fat over the next 90 days, and then I see without, so without pain, without extreme diets or excessive cardio.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Now, here's the... the... Okay. Thank I guess the plan, right? And with these as well, when we are going to say, you know, what we're offering, solve the one specific problem. Don't try and say like everything because otherwise it gets way too wordy. I'll give you all the structure and guidance you need to get better results than you ever thought possible. And of course, give you a kick in the  if you're slacking off. So it's structure, guidance, and accountability is the angle I'm coming from with this graphic. You know, I don't mention meal plans because that is structure. I mean, meal plans and all that  is structure, but I'm not necessarily saying that, right? If you're keen to learn more, so you, for example, I'll give you all the strategies I use as a pro-level bodybuilder built for everyday blokes. And then you could even say, and you of course, give you a kick in the  if you start slacking off.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And again, even tangible again, I'll show you how I've been able to help over a thousand men. And tangible again, I've helped. I read. 1,000 men cut 10,000 kilos of fat.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, anytime you can put a number in there, put a number in there.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I also add these, which you should probably add as well, must be 21 plus.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, perfect. And that framework thing you said is legit, just built the same structure as this Finify, pretty much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I built that off there. then I also, the top ones are, and then if you go down further, there's other ones that I got to like, essentially research off. Based off, you know, what the best market is used. But, for example, bold overreaching statement that results mean beyond just the physical. So, I'm looking for 12 men who want to skyrocket their confidence. I'm looking for 12 men who want to stack on six to eight kilos of lean muscle and skyrocket their confidence. So, they can X, Z. But, again, sit down and actually probably think about it. I think for that one, that was this one. Having great physique is one small perk to a much larger picture. You know mean? So that might not work for you as much because, again, we're trying to come from a physical perspective. So it's like we don't want to shift. I mean, don't get me wrong, play around with it and we can split test it. But that might not work for your audience as well as much because, again, they're more so physical, prioritizing the physical gains and the physical outcomes that they're going to get, essentially. Oh, and there's an example after it. So, yeah, literally, yeah, because I created more of what I did. So specific demographic, age, lifestyle, occupation, or life stage who want a specific measurable goal. So, men in their 30s, want to stack on 6 to 8 kilos of lean muscle. Again, Without, without dirty bulking or, or destroying your body. Yeah. Yeah. Without dirty bulking or destroying your body.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Something similar.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then like a little bridger, you know, keep reading. You're in the right place. This is for you. Something like that. And again, there's a, there's always an example on here. I'm looking for 12 men who are, you know, men in their thirties and forties who want to drop eight to 20 kilos without fat, without, you know, turning their life upside down. This is for you. I'm looking for 12 guys who are fed up going in circles and want to finally take real, make real progress. So yeah, there's also not that much wording as well. tried to very much keep that to a minimum because it's just, if it's too much wording, it's just overwhelming.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. I'll punch those. That's why. That'd be pretty easy. Just reword it a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Try and, yeah, make them very different to the actual exam because obviously we run the same thing.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We get it. It's us. Yeah. But, and then if you scroll down past them, that's not the right, that's not the dog I'm saying. It was a different dog. Do, do, do, do, do. Add graphic frameworks. Here's the one I'm saying. So that still has all that stuff at the top, but then if you scroll down past them, you'll start to get into this stuff. Um, Thank you. That framework for the identity call-out. Call-out exact identity, age, lifestyle, occupation. Yeah, men in their 30s who work 12-hour days on the tools. I mean, who are name-specific situation, who are sick of feeling soft, flabby, and out of shape. I mean, busy dads over 35, this one's for you. You've got 45 minutes max and zero energy after work. You don't need a six-day gym split or a meal plan prep empire. You need a program built for your actual life. My dad clients average 18 pounds lost in 12 weeks. DM your dad and I'll send you a streamlined plan. So again, there's always an example there. One thing I would very much try and do when you're creating this as well is not use... AI, especially ChatGPT.
Callum Hinze: still using ChatGPT? Nah, I'm on Claude now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm on Claude as well. ChatGPT got  awful with its last update in terms of creative writing. You can use AI to a degree, but you just have to, like, train it a lot. Like, you know what mean? You have to go back and forth a lot with it to get it right. And I think, you know, with the overuse of AI now, it's like, if you're going to sort of, like, learn, and we've been speaking about this for a few weeks now, but if you can just, like, kind of, you know, put the marketing out there 100% in your own voice, like, people will see, it'll be refreshing to people because it won't be the exact same , just copy and paste it over and over and over again.
Callum Hinze: It's true.
Kyle Musca: And AI is just not good at creative writing. You know what mean? Like, when you just chuck it through the thing, it will just give you, like, very vague, non-compelling words and sentences and stuff like that. If that makes sense. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. right. Yeah, cool. Any questions on that?
Callum Hinze: Nah, it's pretty straightforward, those ones. I'll get a chunk of them done tomorrow and fix that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And with the tangible outcomes on that as well, you don't have to change it every single time. Like you'll see with my graphics, they're pretty much all, you know, I'll help you drop  eight, sorry, 10 plus kilos over the next 12 weeks type thing. So it's like, especially for a round of graphics, like you don't need to change the result essentially, or the bold claim you're making, because we're split testing them anyway. So it's like, we only really want to find one that's actually going to win for us. We don't need to change in time message every time. Cool. Yeah, any questions on any of that?
Callum Hinze: Nah, that's very easy to do.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Yeah, beautiful. Well, we'll try and get them, yeah, if you can try and get them done relatively soon. Again, those videos are starting to pull through for us now, so we do have. A little bit of time, we just don't want to like leave it to, you know, last minute and those, you know, anything kind of happen at the moment, you know, the videos could just  spike real quick and then we'll be well and truly stuck in the mud. So while we've got the momentum and everything like that, it's a good time to just keep pushing it.
Callum Hinze: All right. Easy. I'll get those sorted that easy.
Kyle Musca: Cool bro. Yeah. Anything else you want to touch base on at all?
Callum Hinze: No, everything else is pretty happy days, eh? Just keep on keeping on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome, man. All right. Well, I've had some  awesome weeks in the cards, man. So I reckon we just keep going hard on it. And what you might want to do as well, just on a final note, is start thinking about potentially running another challenge. It's been long enough now that by the time you film all the new content, we get a good idea of what we want to run for it. It'll be ready to basically launch another one. So I'm going to start filming all mine next week, essentially.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's for sure. They're easy to do anyway, aren't they?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, same as what we usually already do, but just call in a challenge.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, simple. Yeah, okay, I'll clean it up for sure.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Sick, man. All right, well, let's keep it pumping, and yeah, I'll get all that stuff set up for you.
Callum Hinze: Sounds like a plan. All right, I'll get those graphics done for you tomorrow as well.
Kyle Musca: That'll be sort of. Perfect. Awesome, man. All right, if you need me for anything, yeah, feel free to sing out.
Callum Hinze: All right, awesome. Thanks again. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 132/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-19T05:44:03Z | id:131135328
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: So I can't know. Cool, man. How have been?
xavier kelly: I've been all right. I've been all right. I've a bunch of solar deals and gotten some money from that. Once those in store and then just, I didn't really have my week kind of planned properly. So I've only posted a couple of times this week. So I've kind of doing my schedule now so that I can get the daily post in. I'm to wake up really early and just get it done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. What, in terms of not planning a week out, is that because you just took an extra workload with the solar or what happened there?
xavier kelly: I just didn't move around my check-ins with like the time slots that I put in available for solar appointments. So now I'm just going to have it where I have that time, like that two hours to film the video and just preemptively have the brochure. TrueList ready, go to the store, get it, boom, or get it the day before, have it ready, and just quickly passed it out versus before the schedule was a bit hectic and, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So with taking on the solar thing, the biggest thing where it would just be like time management. So I'm a huge fan of like time blocking. So just have certain times through the day, certain weeks where you have one specific task and that's all you do is you just get that one job done. I would also heavily focus on breaking down your days into like, you know, what is the most important task you need to get done for that day? You know, just in case  goes south, it's like, you know, it's like, I need to get this done before I can wrap things up.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Yeah. All we'll do is review.
xavier kelly: Yeah, that's.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry, you go.
xavier kelly: That's some south goals.
Kyle Musca: There you go. That would be good. Cool. review some sales calls. How has this week gone overall in terms of like how many calls have you actually had, you know, lead volume, everything like that?
xavier kelly: So I've got two more for the week and I had three so far and then two cancel. So I'm just trying to get those ones that cancel back in. I've got two more. So that should have been seven for the week.
Kyle Musca: Seven calls. Okay. You're a little bit far away from your modem. I think the internet's come out again. Can you hear me?
xavier kelly: Yeah, I can hear you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Are you a little far away from your... Internet motor? Yeah, yeah, it's just cutting out here.
xavier kelly: Let me just go into the other room.
Kyle Musca: I'll put some headphones in. Yep, easy. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So, I mean, we've got a good amount of calls. Oh, can you hear now?
xavier kelly: Yeah, I can hear you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we've got a good amount of calls booked in organically. know, seven calls is good volume. You know what mean? Like, from what I can see there, like, this is the thing, like, with conversion ratios, because conversion is, like, Like, even, like, one extra sale can, like, massively throw them out. I mean, if you had two, if you've taken four calls and you've closed, how many of you closed? It says 15%.
xavier kelly: Is that one or? Yep.
Kyle Musca: So that'd be one out of the four taken.
xavier kelly: Yeah. So that was Catherine, $1,200 cash collecting, and what would it be, like, $400 a month starting four weeks from now?
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. So it's like, if you get that to two, you know, it goes straight up to 50% of actual calls taken. So I think that's just the biggest thing. I think for the next sort of phase of what we're going to move into, it's just going to be really focusing on converting these sales. So we'll dive straight into some reviewing some calls. Before we do that, Juan, is there anything that you want to specifically cover on this session? Yeah, what's that with that? Is there anything you want to specifically go over?
xavier kelly: Um.
Kyle Musca: I.
xavier kelly: I think, I think everything's good. It's just that getting that posts back up this week in terms of like how much I do. And then I got that thing for you for about the story. So I'm going to do that. And then I feel like I know what I need to do. It's just, it's just the stories, obviously the consistent posts this week, stay on top of the setter. He's been better. And then close. And then obviously I need to put those testimonials on the top of my page.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, we'll keep it nice and simple. We'll just, yeah, the stories and stuff, the CTAs, I think, you know, you're dealing with predominantly like older women. Yeah. You've got a mixed bag, but that's kind of not what we dialed in on, but like, you know.
xavier kelly: My stories are not older women, I think. I think it's like my, my posts are, right? Um, but the stories aren't.
Kyle Musca: Same, same concept overall. just think keep it real nice and clean, easy to read. You know, don't make it like too complicated. Um, someone should just be able to look at it and know exactly what it is and how to basically apply. Um, is it, okay. And what do you feel like has been the issue on the, on these calls before we dive into them?
xavier kelly: Um, I'm getting to like the, I had one guy who was like, oh, you know, I'm just so stingy with money. And I should have, I think I just didn't take it away from him. I should have gone, um, look, man, I totally understand. Like sometimes if we can't make it work, we can't, that's just life. But do you actually want to do this? Because if you don't, we can just wrap up the call right now. And I didn't say that. And I feel like he would have said, yeah, no, I still want to do it. And I probably could have put him down. Down to the bottom package. And I think another thing that I keep forgetting to say is, oh, yeah, no worries. Well, this is my main package. It's only got two people left for the week. And this is X, Y, Z. Or I'm not putting in that scarcity language. I'm not taking it away from them. And then in the back of my mind, I'm thinking, oh, you know, maybe they'll sign up. You know, I trust them. But I just got to remind myself, it's like, no, Xavier. Yeah. When this call is ending, it is over. So you just got to get it all out. Like, you got to take them through every single objection. Doesn't matter.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. A couple of things on that. Yeah. It's just rule of thumb. Like, I've even experienced it recently myself. Like, even though I'm aware of it and I am aware of it. Like, you get off the phone and you'll start telling yourself, you'll start talking yourself out of it. You know what mean? Like, the longest, the longer you sit in there. Like, for example, I'm looking at getting this AI DM letter, which I'm still keen on getting. Um, but, um, you know. I got off the call and I literally said to him on the call, I like, yeah, let's do it. And then I got off the call and I was like, well, you know, I've got like changing all this stuff up with marketing. want to run this new campaign,  all this stuff. And now I'm like, I still want to do it, but I'm like, you know, give me like two or three weeks or something like that. Just let things settle down. So it's like your brain will just naturally do it. Even though I'm aware of it, I still want to do it when things are actually, it's a legitimate reason that I've contemplated. Most people aren't aware of that. They would just go away and just start thinking about, oh, no, it's not a good time. No,  off. Now, the other thing, this is what I was saying to you the other day with what you just mentioned, where he said, like, I'm really stingy with money. It's like, that's a, you're going to get so many different curveballs with objections because they're all going to be different, you know, similar, but different. So one thing that's a good one there, for example, is like a cost-versus-price objection handle. You know mean? Or you could even comparison, like, I'm just really stingy with money. Like, essentially, you kind of want to ask if you see the value. Are you in the program? You want to establish that, right? Because he didn't say it's too expensive. You know, if it's too expensive, you say, yeah, I guess compared to what? You know what mean? You're like, what do you mean? You're like, well, you know, from what it sounds like, it does seem like you feel that, you know, 2.5K is quite expensive to invest into yourself and your health. But, man, if I were to hand you the keys for a Lamborghini and I said it was 2.5K, you'd be like,  what's wrong with it? Is it stolen? Is it broken? So, I guess, like, is it, you know, what's more important to you? Like, is your health and your well-being more important or is just 2.5K in cash that doesn't really do anything because cash is only meant to actually be able to invest into things or buy things? You know what mean? What's more important to you? So, there's price to value and scarcity. Post-first price, though, would be like, yeah, no, I completely get you. And I'll be honest with you, you my program isn't the cheapest option. And that's how I'm able to produce, like, put so much value into it and actually get such great. The of the people that do come through. Now, I got to ask you when it does come to these situations, right? I'm sure you've probably been in an analogy. I'm sure you've probably been in a situation where, you know, let's say you've been on Marketplace, for example, and let's just use for the sake of argument, you're looking for a brand new bike and the brand new bike is $500 from the store. Or you could go on Marketplace and you could get a secondhand bike for, let's say, $200, right? So you go, because you're stingy with money, right? You go for the $200 bike. But once you get it, you see that it's riddled with rust, the chain's , the handlebars are crooked, the tire's flat, right? And, you know, after when you just want to get the bike and ride the bike, but now you've got to take it into the shop, you've got to spend the money on the repairs, you've got to get all the new equipment for it. And then by the time the bike's actually repaired, you don't want it anymore, right? Because you've moved on, you've got other focuses on. You've gone through, you know, three, six months process of just  trying to get this bike up and running when you could have just gone for a brand new bike that was going to work properly. Perfectly from the start. And last... So I guess what do you want to do in this situation? you want to keep going for cheaper options that are going to, you know, maybe give you a very short-term fix and you're inevitably going to end up in the same, if not worse spot, which is going to cost you more time and more money? Or do you just want to invest into something that's actually going to work, get the job done so you never have to struggle with this issue again? I mean, cost first price. But let's, do you want to send me a call that you want to review? Ideally one that didn't close. And we'll, we'll just jump into that and we'll give a live feedback on it.
xavier kelly: Yeah. So this one didn't do well. There's a lot that we can go over on.
Kyle Musca: I'm trying to deal with immigration  all day.
xavier kelly: So what are immigration?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, to get, like, Thai licences and stuff, you  have to sit in the immigration offices for ages to get simple forms. I'll share my screen. Can you give me permission to share, please? Beautiful. How are you doing? How are you? Doing amazing. How's your day? How's your morning? Good. I'm going to drop my kids at school. On this as well, are you following the actual script, or are you following your own one?
xavier kelly: The actual script.
Kyle Musca: Only do weights. I was eating that. forgot to hear that. Sometimes that happens. Pardon?
xavier kelly: I was having food, but that's fine.
Kyle Musca: Anytime. I'm tracking my calories, like, for the last two months. It's been, like, 1,600 to 1,800. But I don't meet my protein goal. I am like 80 grams of protein, 90 grams of protein. Yeah. Okay. Cool. And with that being said, what do you feel like the main thing holding you back from getting to that 160, sorry, 145 pounds is? The food. I think it's the food or the cardio. Yes. Because, well, my breakfast, I love my breakfast. It's two eggs and four egg whites with tomato, onions, and a low-carb tortilla. Yeah. I can already tell with this chick. How long does this call go for? It doesn't show on feather. You want to be careful. So she seems like a rambler. You want to be careful with ramblers because if they go on their own rambling tangents, it's hard to get them in an emotional state. And they want to keep veering the conversation off into different directions. With coffee. I'm trying to change the milk to oatmeal. So even there, like, you've got to kind of not be rude about it. like, okay, yeah, I love the enthusiasm. We're going to get into all that 100%. I'm just trying to. Get a really good sort of base level of where you are and where you want to be, just so I can sort of start piecing together a few pieces and then just move on. I can't. I just do like low-fat, regular milk. That's fine. Then sometimes I skip lunch or sometimes I try to eat like a protein. Okay. And how tall are you? It's 5'3", 5'3". Okay, cool. Now, when we picture that version of you at 145 pounds, let's put the number aside, the weight aside. What does that actually look like? You know, what do you actually want to achieve? Lean body. Like I have like the, yeah, my tummy after my kids get fluffy. So this past year I was, I feel my muscles. Notice my glutes and my legs are stronger and looking leaner than before. I have a problem with my arms because they're like too big. need to like be lean. Yep. think so. It sounds like you've gone off script a little bit here.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I changed it because at the start, she just kind of rambled on me about some stuff. So in the moment, I just changed the question a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you want to kind of pull them up when they do that in a, again, non-rude way. The other thing you have to be really cautious about with the ramblers is that they'll answer the questions, like future questions in the script sometime, like especially if they're rambling, they likely will. And that's bad because then you'll basically be re-asking and they'll feel like you haven't actually listened to them if they've already said it. So you do have to cut them off in a polite way to make sure that they don't get to that point and bring them through this process so you can shift them into an emotional state. I mean, because they're not, they might not necessarily be in an emotional state if they're just  trauma dumping everything on you or just dumping everything on you at once. You know what mean? They're just  yapping. Yeah. Yeah. you. Thank Thank you. Cool. And when was the last time that you were at 145 pounds and you had that body? Eight years ago. Eight years? Yeah. So anytime they say something like that, where it's like been a long time or anything along those lines, something I like to do is like, oh, okay. Just like a very subtle little, you know, kind of notch, but a little bit surprised, something like that. Just so they have a little bit of an underlying, oh, yeah, that has been a while, hasn't Like they should have a little bit of underlying concern.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Before my kids. Before my kids. Before my kids. Okay. And in that eight years, what have you tried to do to lose fat? And what has worked, even if it was just temporary? I think that during the exercise, like the heavy weights, it's the best thing. Because the diet I try, where I try like the low carb diet or like that kind of diet doesn't work to me. I try like the intermittent fasting. Yep. That worked for a little bit, but then I got it because I go to my, with my friends and everything and I eat that all the time. Yeah. So would it be fair to say that what you were doing before probably wasn't a sustainable approach? Yeah. Okay. So see how you said that it was a closed looped question. It was a yes or no answer. We want to avoid them at all costs because they can basically come across as statements.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like previously tried to fix that. She just said, you could have asked that in there. She did give a list out of everything. What was the most successful in terms of weight loss? How much did you lose? Right. So that's an important question to ask because we want her to basically say, you know, I lost 10 pounds, but then I regained it right back.
xavier kelly: Right.
Kyle Musca: We want to make those, those, we want to make it very evident to them by asking the question that what they've tried previously hasn't worked.
xavier kelly: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: That's why that's in there. Um, he's still following it now, right? No, because it didn't work, right? Um, yeah, yeah. So I'd be really cautious about skipping through questions in the script. Every time I see someone has a, you know, lower conversion ratio, it's because they try and skip ahead too quickly. So it's like if, if conversions are like low until you, unless you have really good confidence, like my, my sales guy can get through like an entire sale within like 30 minutes. If you're really trying to just get the handle on the sales process itself, I would almost follow this word for word besides a very few minor things in this.
xavier kelly: Yeah. This is when I read yours, I get lost. Um, so I just like copy to paste and put it in, just make it more readable. I just, some of them it says, if they said yes, if they, and like, as I'm talking to them, I'm like reading like, Oh , what are they saying? You know what I mean? There's a lot going on on the page.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. There's most of you. You read word for word, but there's some like, like, have you ever, yeah, I pretty much always ask that, out of everything you've tried, what was the most successful? I pretty much always ask that, because even if they only give one answer, you can still say like, okay, and out of the things you have tried, you know, what was anything that really stood out in terms of being the most successful?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How much did you lose? That you can always ask. This time, this whole skip if it doesn't really make sense, you know what mean? And like this, these two questions I might skip if it doesn't make sense to ask them.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Those are probably the only two. I think there's one other. The only other time is, I'll skip this if they didn't mention anything as well. Everything else, I pretty much read word for word.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Now, just so I can better understand, what has gotten you to the point now where you're potentially looking for some outside help instead of doing the whole dieting thing by yourself? Okay, so... so... so... Because I wanted to maintain it, like during part of my life, you know, like the routine, like the breakfast, now it's like my regular breakfast. What has gotten you to the point now where you're potentially looking for some outside help instead of doing the whole dieting thing by yourself? One thing I'd really get conscious at is dialing in your tone and dialing in your facial expression and body language. We're like, we want to be on a Google Meet so they can see the facial expression. So when it comes to emotional persuasion and we're emotionally selling, it's 7% what you say, 38% how you say it, so tonality, and 55% body language and facial expression, right? So, I mean, you've got a good pacing and stuff. It is a little bit monotone. With our tonality, we want to come from a, so it's known as like a midnight radio host, right? Yeah, want a deep authoritative tone.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So you've got that down, I would say. What has gotten you to the point now where you're potentially looking for some outside help? But see how there's not much facial expression? There's no, that's not really shifting, right? Because your tonality and your facial expression will determine how they process the question, right? Because if I'm like, if I ask that question, where is it? Okay, and maybe, yeah, so if I'm like, okay, and maybe help me to understand, you know, why you might be looking at getting outside help with this instead of just doing the dieting thing on your own. Like it's, it's not bad or anything like that. It doesn't come across rude or anything, but it doesn't really shift them into a deeper thought process state. And we're, again, we're trying to get them, like ease them into really opening up emotionally. And that's a process to the, like, we can't just get to the emotional stage and they're there. So it's Like, for example, if you're interested, right, you lean forward, right? You might even touch your head if you're thinking, or your face, right? So, okay. Okay, that makes sense. And I guess, well, yeah, maybe help me to understand, you know, why you might even be looking at getting outside help with this instead of, I don't know, just maybe trying to figure it out for yourself. I mean, like, it's a genuine curious type of tonality.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But also, like, it's said in a way that, you know, I actually, I'm intently listening on what your response is going to be. So they're going to think about it deeper and give me a better response.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? They will also feel like you are listening, same thing, but they'll feel like you are listening more, which means that you care more about them.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Help, instead of doing the whole dieting thing by yourself. Because I want to maintain it, like, doing part of my life, you know, like the routine. Yeah. Like, the thing. Yeah. Like, The breakfast now is like my regular breakfast, and I think it's a great amount of protein. So I want something like I can maintain, and it's easy for me, you know, the recipes or something like I can eat every day, and it's going to be like, the brain to me. Yeah, cool. And so, when you say, when you respond like that, again, it can come across as like, you're not really that interested. I mean, if you're like, yep, and then you just move on. Right, so again, we just want to, whenever they say something, you can use this as a general rule of thumb. Whenever they say something, I basically either recite back to them what they just said, or offer a solution to what they just said. The reason we do that is because they'll feel like you've understood and you've actually heard them. So if she just said, like, she wants something that she can eat every single day so she doesn't have to think about it. Like, hmm, okay. Okay, so yeah, ideally, you're mainly looking for just a really nice, easy routine that you can follow. Have that structure so you don't have to think about anything. You just know exactly what you need to do and how to do it. Yes, exactly. Hmm, okay, that makes sense. You know mean? Or, again, offer a solution if she said, you know, I want meal plans and  don't have to think about it. Hmm, okay. Okay, so yeah, like I guess a meal plan that's fully mapped out, has all the structure, you know exactly what you, similar to what I kind of just said, has all the structure, you know exactly what you need to be eating every single day to get the results is going to be really important to you then. Yeah, okay, that makes sense. You know what mean? So you just kind of recite back to what they said. Obviously, you don't say a word for word. You can say it almost word for word sometimes. But just so they feel understood because they'll think, yes, this guy really understands me. Does that make sense?
xavier kelly: That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So besides having like simple high-protein meals that you enjoy, if it's the accountability or the structure or the support or the day-to-day plan, what do you feel like you would need from me as a coach to make sure that in three months you drop 20 pounds guaranteed? Like what do you feel like you really need from me to make sure that the 20 pounds is gone? Like You've reworded a bit there. I'm not opposed to that too much. I would, I think everything else you said was good. I think just make sure to include like, let's say we sit down and really map it out step by step. So they understand like, you know, we, we really just thought about what you need. I always do like the amount of time. Time you actually have available because people are really conscious around their time. A lot of support and accountability is great as well. Resources you'd like me to provide, you you can change that to a degree. Those are good things to have in there, but I do like to keep the time on. Diet needs to be more specific, you know, like because my gym coach gave me a diet where they only tell me like, okay, 30 grams of protein in the morning, 30 grams like in the lunch, 30 grams in the night. So sometimes I do the meat, but then I do like, okay, two more tortillas, but I don't count it, you know, like, you know, like a full recipe. Yeah. I think if you're trying to lose fat, you're, it's not really that necessary to be only focusing on protein. There's a minimum amount of protein that you need to have in order to maintain the muscle and grow. See, what you're going to do here is you're entering. I would never, never coach on a sales call. Maybe a little bit in the objection handling, you could kind of classify that as it. But I would never, in this part of the script, I would never ever coach because what will happen is they haven't actually accepted you to give them advice yet. I mean, they're on a consult call to see if they want to take your advice, essentially. So if you start telling them, you know, what they're doing is wrong, they're naturally, their guard will just go up. And especially one, it's a really easy way to offend them, right? And two, if you tell them what they're doing is wrong, then it almost feels like an attack. And then everything else you say, they'll just completely disregard because they don't agree with you, even if they are wrong. So for example, how I learned this was, I was speaking to an Indian guy. And he was like, I'm doing an hour of cardio every single day, seven days a week. I don't meal prep, I can't cook, I won't cook. And all that . And I was like, Oh, that's cool, man. Like what we can do. What we can do is we can do five sessions a week, which will free up two hours a week, and that will allow you to meal prep. That way, it will actually save you time and money on buying food as well. From that point on, it's completely lost him. He did not care what I had to say. You just never, ever coach. You never disagree with them. Even if they are wrong, you just agree and move on.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or, again, offer a salute, like a very casual solution, right? So, you know, 30 grams of meat, breakfast, lunch, and dinner, but then, you know, I ate a little bit more. Okay. Okay. So maybe a meal plan that takes into consideration your calories and macros, but is a little bit more, I guess, diverse and actually has meals that you can follow instead of just eating meat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner would be really important to you then. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Bro muscle, but we're focused on losing fat right now. Okay. Because you can even quite see it in her face, you know what I mean? Because you've just told her everything that she's been doing is wrong. She's like tight now. She's tense. So you don't have to worry too much about that. Now, besides the number on the scale and, you know, trying to get more skinny after you had your children, what do you feel like the real reason for you wanting to lose this weight is? I would keep it, again, keeping that behind where the real, again, we skipped past all this stuff as well. So, again, this is really important to ask. What's been holding you back from trying before this? How long has it been since you last actively tried to lose the weight? Because, again, these will pull out different answers, but if they've tried actively multiple times and continued to gain the weight back, again, it's brought that top of mind to them. It's more so for them to realize than you to realize that... You know, what they've been doing hasn't worked, and they've tried multiple things that hasn't worked. Yeah. Right? Again, this has different answers that are useful as well. I think we skipped past that as well. Yeah, we skipped past that. That's a really important question. This prevents the DIY objection. So you'll get to the end, and they'll be like, oh, yeah, I feel like I can actually do it myself if you don't ask this. They can't bring that up. But, you know, if they try and get to the end, and you've asked this, and you can be like, well, well, whatever they say. I mean, it also reinforces why they have to, you know, why they want to take action now instead of push it off. So it covers two things. And then there's the actual question. What are the reasons behind you wanting to lose the weight? Which implies a deeper, deeper meaning. So there's no vagueness. We don't want vagueness in these questions. I think to look more like healthy, I mean, and the same level of my husband. Yeah, I I think to look more and, you know, trying to get more skinny after you have your children. What do you feel like the real reason for you wanting to lose this weight is? Yeah, see how now she goes into look more healthy, but we don't want looks. We don't want visual, we don't want surface level stuff. We want deeper emotional stuff. I think to look more like healthy, I mean, I'm same level of my husband. Because she just answered, you know, we, again, that's why I'd stick to this more so word for word. Besides the obvious of just trying to get healthy and trying to get fitter, she just told us what the obvious was. You know what mean? What are the reasons behind you wanting to lose this weight? Because he's always training in the base. Yeah. Fair enough. He's always, like, in other countries, so I think I can be, like, really good in my diet or in my plan, but when he gets home, like, after three months, all is, like, broken. You know, like, I start doing, like, fatty foods, so I want something, like, really maintained, like, in all the year. Like, every month is going to be the same for me. Okay. Yeah. Now, carrying his extra weight and not being able to... So, again, I already said it before, but that's another place where, okay, so some, like, actually building the habits and the routine, so when your husband does get back, you can continue sticking with it, is going to be something that you do really want to focus on. Yeah, okay, that makes sense. I'm he's definitely not going to complain with the results you get either. I mean, just make, like, throw a little joke in there or something just to break the ice. To lose it, even though you've tried everything, what kind of impact is that having on you? it's that do I Thank I feel like stuck. The weight? Okay. Yeah. Now, carrying this extra weight and not being able to lose it, even though you've tried everything, what kind of impact is that having on you? I feel like stuck. Because last year... Yeah, so for the next call, I'd love to just see you just go through every single thing.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How often is it you thinking about your weight? I mean, because we've missed on a lot of key questions here. A lot of people will say it's a daily basis thing. Again, bringing top of mind how important this actually is to them. What goes through your mind? Again, getting deeper into what's the actual thought process. Okay. And that's the next part. Maybe you do say it. Sorry, I skipped ahead. Bring back the current situation. Can you initiate? Is that having any impact on you? Okay. time. time. next I'll Yeah. Now, carrying this extra weight and not being able to lose it, even though you've tried everything, what kind of impact is that having on you? I feel like stock. So again, let me change that back to normal speed, tonality.
xavier kelly: So you know the Zoom meeting is going to end in five minutes, who's the free version?
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, okay. You can just start another one?
xavier kelly: Yeah, it's not a new one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm sorry. Carrying this extra weight and not being able to lose it, even though you've tried everything, what kind of impact is that having on you? I feel like stock. Because last year, like, I started working. Yeah, I had like one year and half working, but I don't lose any pounds. I lose like three pounds. I know that's... So again, they'd be like, oh, really? I feel better, yes. I feel better. My clothes feel better. But I don't feel like in one year and a half, I don't lose too much fat or too much weight. Yeah. So it's like, it's frustrating. Yeah. For sure. I understand. Yeah. I mean, you might even want be like, oh, okay. So you've actually worked with a coach for quite a long period of time, but it sounds like you didn't really see much from it. I mean, we want to, in the old coach and the other coach. Yeah. yeah. You know what I mean? And you're not alone. You're not alone. Most of the women that I talk to are in the same position. They have been trying the same thing. You know, it's always the low-carb diets, the keto, the intermittent fasting. And then, lo and behold, we make the right adjustments, you lose the 20 pounds really quickly. It doesn't need to take a year, that's for sure. Now, when you're... Yeah, I would be careful. Yeah, I mean, that wasn't too bad. Okay, let's flip it. Let's say in three months, three months, yeah, let's say in three months, we drop 20 pounds, and you're skinny, you're stomach flat, you're transformed, and you feel like you've gotten to where you actually want to be. What is that actually going to do for you, mentally, physically? What are you going to do differently than you're doing now? So, again, we touched on it before, but skipped all that. Well, I think I'm in a state, like... I want to maintain that. I feel good. Like, I feel like I've been working to myself like this past year. So I want just to do like tiny better. Okay. So, see the issue now here is that we're going into, you know, well, we kind of skipped through a lot of the emotional state, but she's not in an emotional state. So she's not giving us the answers we're looking for. You know what mean? We've kept it very surface level with, she, she still thinks we're talking about like, even before when she said, I just want to look, look healthier for my husband or whatever. It's still a very surface, it is a goal. Don't get me wrong. It's still a very surface level goal. That's not going to shift them into emotional buying. You feel like you'll have, you'll feel better. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Because I feel my muscle. I think I'm like in a stage, I want to be like healthy. You know, like I'm trying to be like eating good and trying to maintain that for life. Okay, cool. Cool. And you picture that version of yourself? See, now, when you're going into future state here, it's going to be very, very hard for you to really paint an image because she hasn't given you enough tools to work with. I mean, like, even her just saying, I'm going to feel better. It's like, well, what does feeling better actually mean? And she's not thinking about what feeling better actually means. She just knows that she wants to feel better. But what does feeling better mean? means that, you know, maybe she can reignite a spark with her husband. Maybe, you know, when her husband gets away from deployment or wherever he's at, he'll be absolutely blown away with, you know, who's this woman standing in front of me? Maybe she, you know, wants to be able to feel confident in, as she mentioned before, clothes fit better. So maybe she wants to feel confident in clothes that she maybe hasn't been able to wear for years or maybe even before, you she had the kids, you know, for example. Maybe she wants to be a good, strong role model for her kids. I mean, we haven't extracted these, you know, emotionally persuasive. Which? Ideas.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You've lost the weight and you've done the work and you've gotten the results. How does that make you feel? See, with that, again, everything, I like to think of everything above that. I'm just collecting information to one objection handle, but specifically for this. You know, because it's like, you just said, if you imagine three months from now, you've lost the weight. Basically, how does that make you feel? But it's like, okay, so if you would imagine yourself, you know, three months from now, you've lost 20 pounds, you're feeling fit, you're feeling healthy, you're finally back at the weight you were before you had kids and, you know, potentially.


>>> 133/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-19T06:09:12Z | id:131137612
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. You know, suppose in three months from now, you know, you've lost that 20 pounds, you're feeling, you know, skinnier, you're feeling healthier, you're feeling more company, you're feeling, you know, sexier. So when your husband does come back from deployment, you know, he's like, he's in shock. He's like, who's this woman standing in front of me? Where did my wife go? You know, when your kids wake up, you know, they come running out and you feel like you have the energy you have to keep up from them from first thing in the morning all the way through to the end of the night, right? You know exactly what you need to eat, how you need to eat it, and why you're reading it. So, yes, you do have the plan and the structure to follow. You have all the knowledge to be actually able to do that for yourself. So when your husband does come back from deployment, you actually have the habits and the routine that you can continue making progress and actually start living together as a, you know, a healthier household, right? And overall, you're that glue that's really pulling everyone together, right? As the mother and the woman in the relationship, you know, woman in the family is, right? When you picture yourself... Again, I'm just making up  because she didn't actually tell us stuff, but like ideally she would have told us this stuff. When you picture yourself in that situation, you know, having become the best version of you that you want to be, how does that make you feel? See how, and I'll slow the how does that make you feel? You know what I mean? Like I'll make sure that that really sits with them. And again, we're using feel here because feel is an emotional word. When we say feel, they immediately go down into their feelings, their emotions. If we were to like, what do you think about that? It would bring them up into a logistical thought process. So I usually like to avoid, you know, the word think as much as possible. There's certain words I'll avoid. Feel is one I'll use instead. Yeah. Does make sense?
xavier kelly: It makes sense.
Kyle Musca: All right. We'll continue on. Good. And I want to maintain it like. Forever. don't like to stay in that space. Now, what I might do is I'll skip because we don't have heaps of 15 minutes. So I'll skip past all this part now. But yeah, I think for the next call, I'd love to see you follow this like basically word for word.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I do skip the introduction stage, to be honest, but I just go from here. You can change the wording around a little bit if you want. I wouldn't really advise doing that too much. But I would love to see you hit every single question basically. The only other ones I wouldn't do are this part if it doesn't make sense to do it, right? And this part if they don't, haven't really said anything meaningful yet. It's been holding back. Everything else I basically say word for word.
xavier kelly: Okay. And before we skip, can we go to just, I just want to double. So when someone starts rambling, I just go, yeah, look, totally fine. We can go in. into the details a little bit later. Just right now, I'm just going to a base understanding of where you're at and where you want to be. And then just like bring it back to my pace.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, whatever her name is, let's call it Rachel. Oh, Rachel, Rachel, I don't mean to cut you off there. I love how enthusiastic you are. I want to really get to the roots of this and break this all down. But right now, I'm just really trying to get, I guess, a surfer level image of where you're at and where you want to be, just so I can see what's kind of like involved in that process. And I don't want to get like too often another tangent because we'll definitely come back to that.
xavier kelly: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then the other thing is like when you're, you know, following this, try and, you know, really not in a way emphasize tone and body language and everything like that, but get into it more, if that makes sense.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, you know, again, when you do that more, it will come across as you're more genuinely interested and they'll want to open up and be more vulnerable to you. I am an arsehole, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I've wasted your time. My old coach. Yeah. You said you need to fire you on? My old coach. My gym coach, yeah. For sure. Now, do you use him, like, in person? Yes. Sometimes I make a joke. I mean, if you haven't made results after a year and a half, I'd probably fire him too.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? Next week in person, and I do the exercise, like, the other two days alone. Okay, cool. So, on a scale of 1 to 10. I'm going to kind of go back to see what... Does that sound reasonable to you? Yeah, it sounds... I need to fire my old coach. Yeah. You said you need to fire your what? My old coach. My gym coach, yeah. For sure. Now, do you use him, like, in person? Yes. Three times per week in person, and I do that. And then you kind of went into the objection handle here. I would have just asked there, be like, you know, made the joke and be like, yeah, that's no stress. And I mean, before you sort of jump the gun on that, guess, is the program something that you actually sort of, you know, want to do and you feel like will actually, you know, help you lose that 20 pounds? I mean, just establish first that, you know, she even wants to do the program first.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: On a scale. Because she didn't actually give you a price objection here. She just gave you a simple objection of, I just need to find my coach. Of one to 10. One being I am an  and I don't know what I'm talking about and I wasted your time. And 10 being you sound like this program is actually going to help you lose the 20 pounds. And it's been the thing that's been missing. Whereabouts are you sitting on that? I think on nine because I need to do it, you know, to do the 10. So, so far. So everything sounds good. So a nine is pretty high. Why isn't it lower? Because I think you are like, I need the food, know, like, I need everything like to, this is the breakfast, this is the lunch, this is the dinner, this is the snack, or you can do this for snack. That's part I feel is missing in my daily basis. Yeah. So it sounds like a program is something you want to do. Yeah. But the only thing holding you back is making sure that it works financially. Yeah. So you're bringing up an objection that she hasn't actually brought up.
xavier kelly: Yeah. It was the coach thing.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So I would talk with my husband and I can't text you like in five, six hours when he gets back. I can't talk with him. Now she's bringing up other objections. She's brought up a spouse objection. It's smaller chunks. So that you don't have to do the whole thing up front. Would that make it a little bit more reasonable for you to get started? Yeah. So what I can do... So that I can get you in the program is instead of doing the $1,255 for the three months, we can do just $750 up front. And then we do... Let me write it. Okay, so one payment of $750? Yeah, so instead of doing the $1,255, what we can do is the $750 USD up front now. And then we do $250 USD starting five weeks from now for two months. So that'll be at $250 each month, starting five weeks from now. And we can do the $750 up front now. Okay. Okay, I can text you later. And so, okay. So if I start, I start on Monday or what day you are starting the... We would start tomorrow. Tomorrow? Yeah, we'd start tomorrow. Okay, and the program is you are giving me the exercise, like in app or... Everything, in app. And the diet, right? Everything. Okay. What are you currently spending on your current coach? I pay... I would have tried to ask this earlier in the call, just as a general thing, again, just to collect some ammunition for later. I pay like $50 each class is like $150. I pay like $500 per month. Cool. It's euro. 500 euro a month? Yes. It's like $600, maybe. Euro. Five euros. 500 euros per month. $600 a month. Total. Cool. So all in all, this is cheaper. Like 50% cheaper. I've never used the word cheaper. Cheaper. Cheaper just, you know, in our minds, cheaper is associated with bad quality.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Stay more affordable.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Or better value or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You could say bent of No, more affordable is like affordable. It's basically cheaper without associating them with the, you know, poor quality.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And we're actually going to lose that. And I also guarantee that. So I have a money-back guarantee that in three months, if you don't get results, you get your money back. That's how far I'm going deny it. Okay. And for the exercise, I need like a video of myself doing the exercise? No. So if you feel like your form isn't good, send me a video. We can double check it. But realistically, the form isn't the issue here. If you're trying hard in the gym, you're doing great. Okay. It's just getting that diet down. I promise you, you can be mediocre at the gym. You can be not even that good. But when you lose the fat, you'll look in the mirror and you'll be like, my God, finally. I mean, this is what I wanted. Really, what you're looking for is the fat loss. And you've already been in the gym for a while. You know how to work out. You've got the technique. I'm just going to have you in the gym a little bit less, maybe three days a week instead of five. Five is not necessary. And then we'll focus on some cardio, some walking, getting your steps in, and really dialing in your nutrition. gym. So you're going to do less working out. You're going to get more results. And more cardio, right? So I'd be careful with that as well. She may want to keep in the gym for five days a week. I don't know if she said it earlier, if she said she didn't like exercising or whatever, but unless she said, you know, I don't like going in five days a week, I probably wouldn't say that. Cardio is just walking. Okay. Going outside. Sounds good. So I would text you like later, like in five hours and I tell you like, yes, I can do it or no, you know? Yeah, cool. So just run it by the husband. Remember, it's cheaper than what you're doing right now. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So one, as I mentioned before, you brought up an objection she didn't bring up. Yeah. So a very simple one of that, it would be, I need to find my other coach. But yeah, no, that's no stress, whatever. I guess, how long do you feel like you need to sort of do that? Is that just sort of like send him a text and, you you guys wrap it up or like, you know, what's actually involved in that? And then if she said, yeah, just send a text or maybe like a week or something like that, I would probably just go straight into a deposit. You know, like that's no stress. As I mentioned, I do have two spots left available on this package. What I can do is we can just lay a deposit down. That way you can secure your spot. You have the time to go fire your current coach. And then I can also get things ready in the back end. So once that process is done, even a bit sooner, if you want to dive into things, we can just get started straight away.
xavier kelly: How does that sound? Yeah. She did DM me. She said, Hey, good morning. Unable to join the program at the morning since I've already paid my current coach throughout the end of the month. I really understand space might be limited, but I'd love to reach out when I'm ready. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you can still get a deposit there because again, if she was going to say that, then that's fine. You'd better be like, okay, cool. All we can do is we can lay maybe a $200 deposit or something like that. Just one, show you serious. Secure your spot. I'll make sure that one of the spots next month are designated to you. That way you can fire your coach. And then obviously the deposit will already go towards it. So. It'll actually be easy to get started once we actually do get the ball rolling. Sound fair?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, objection handling is just providing a solution to what they said. That's why it's hard to follow a script because a script may not necessarily provide the solution to, you know, the unique thing that they said. So I'd almost like think of the objection handles as, again, just like little pieces of ammo you can use in different situations.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. With the current coach and with me, I actually guarantee you results. You know, you're not coming to me every week for a session. This is my goal over the next three months is to help you lose 20. So here I'd basically be like, you know, do you mind if I ask you something on that real quick? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, I mean, just so I'm on the same page, like if you're currently paying your coach, you know, 600 US a month, so you're actually kind of, you're paying him more than what you'd be investing into this program. And you've been with that for over a year. Yeah. And after you haven't seen results, I guess, what's sort of preventing you from, I guess, just making a switch and getting started with something like this?
xavier kelly: Yeah, even if you do lose a little bit in the short term or something like that.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't, no, I wouldn't even, no, because you don't want to put thoughts in their head. You just want to let them say it. So you don't want put thoughts in their head. You're like, oh, well, I just paid my current coach. Right, okay. So you just need to make sure that it fits with like financially then, right?
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Well, what we can do then is we can lay the deposit down, you know, only $200 or something like that. That way you can go fire your coach. can finish this month off, right? And I'll get to work on everything else. Secure one of your spots next month. That way, once you've officially wrapped this month up, we can just get started. Does that sound fair? Yeah. And then if you said like, oh, I need to speak to my husband and stuff like that. Like, look, yeah, no, I completely understand that and everything like that. Do you mind if I challenge you?
xavier kelly: On that perspective? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Yes, no. Have you ever heard the saying, you know, there's a difference between cost versus price? Right? Yeah. And then you, again, because cost versus price goes into that. You know what mean? She's currently got the rusty bike that she had to pay for more on Marketplace.
xavier kelly: You know what mean? Yeah. Except the old bike is more expensive than the new one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: So it's like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, I mean, what sort of decision do you want to make here? Do you want to, you know, stay with your old , rusty bike that can't even get you from point A to B, point A to B, that's more expensive? Or would you rather just go with the brand new bike that has a guarantee that if it doesn't get you from point A to point B, you'll get a full refund and actually start, you know, enjoying the bike and building the habits and, you know, building the skills and everything like that. So you make sure you never have to struggle with this issue again is, I guess, is putting down a $200 deposit to secure. you-bye. Bye A pre-order on that new bike, is that worth it? Even though you're still having to pay for the  repairs on your  bike?
xavier kelly: Okay. Yeah. I think it's when it gets down to it and it's like, yeah, I want to do this. I just need to wait. When it's not financial, it's just some other thing of rejection, like I got this thing to do or this, because I've talked about scarcity. It's like, okay, well, do you see the value in the program? Yep. Is this something that you actually want to do? Yep. Well, what we can do to lock in your spot for the end of the month is we can just do a $200 deposit now, and that way I can lock you in, and then we can get everything sorted for the grocery list and whatever, so we can hit the ground with lots of momentum. Sound good? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: On that as well, you could say $200 deposit, or you could say, you know, what could you lay down today just to sort of secure your spot?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man, let them come up with it.
xavier kelly: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then one thing I'd also recommend for you as well, because it seems like you're doing it in the objection handling and through the script a lot more as well, is actually genuinely actively listen to them. Yeah. Because, again, everything we're asking them is to collect information. I like to think of those as pieces of ammunition.
xavier kelly: If we're not actively listening for things, it's very hard to collect them. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, what I like to do with the script, for example, is I just keep it, like, at the top of the next question. So, I never really, like, you know, not know where I'm at. And that's why it's important. That's why it's better to do it step-by-step instead of skipping ahead. Because it's like, okay, what age do you? Okay. Gotcha. And what's your current body weight? You know, I need to get down here. And I guess, like, what have you previously tried to fix this? You know, have followed any, you know, formal nutritional exercise plans? Listen to them. Okay. That makes sense. And then you're already there, so you can just come back. Okay. Gotcha. And I guess, like, out of everything that you have tried, what was the most successful in terms of, you know, actually losing them? This will get better, and I would actually roleplay this if you can, if you have someone to roleplay with it, because it's like, you should just be able to kind of like look at the question you're at and kind of know the wording, if that makes sense. You know, I can say from like, I can read from like this part, and then I know the rest of it, basically. And I can just very quickly skim read it, if that makes sense.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think those are the biggest things. Does that all make sense?
xavier kelly: Is that all helpful? No, that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, I think that was a good one. And then the other one that I need to double down on is just, when they get to financial objections, it's just making that cost versus price analysis, where it's like, okay, do you see the value in the program? Yeah, it's expensive. Okay, well, what would you compare the value to?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it depends on what they... What they actually say, you know what mean? Because it's like the zero out of 10 thing works great if it's a, you know, I need to check my finances type thing.
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it doesn't work great when it's like, well, I need to find my current coach. Because that objection handle doesn't solve that issue.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I'm talking about for a financial objection one. So that one I've got kind of sorted when it's like, well, you know, I got something in my life that I need to fix or sort out first before I can get to this. So it's like, okay, cool. Figure out the objection. If it's not handable, like let's do a deposit and then get you started then. But when it's financial, it's, you know, one to 10, you know, price aside, this something that you've been thinking about? Okay, like I'm on the island, you've been walking around doing nothing, it's not working, I give you the option to get there. But instead, you want to, you know, just keep walking around Ireland and never figure out how to do it. And then it gets to cost versus price where it's like, okay. Well, I forget. What was the...
Kyle Musca: So the cost-first price is just the analogy of like just buying a  bike off marketplace or buying a brand new bike.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But again, it really depends on... So, for example, just give me a random objection that we haven't used. You know what mean? The program is three and a half grand for six months.
xavier kelly: Oh, okay. Oh, I don't know. well, like that's like even more than what like my rent is.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, I completely understand that. And again, that's where you could go into the out of 10 thing because again, we're trying to regain the value on the program. And then we go into a logistics sphere-based thing.
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah. Can you afford this or can you... Like just so I can get understanding, is this something that you can do and you have the funds to be able to do? You're just not sure if this is for you or is this... Something where you would literally need to go find the funds to be able to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: And then funnel them into, okay, cool. Well, if this is a program that you do want to do, right? Yeah. And you're not sure if you're ready to do it, what do you think is holding you back from actually starting? And then they might go, oh, I'm just, I'm second-guessing myself and I put the coaching hat on and I'm like, this is what you're doing. You're on the island.
Kyle Musca: I'll give you the option. Well, this is, again, it really depends on what they say because it depends on what they said, if it was fear or logistics base. So it's like if they had the money, it'd be like, I mean, do you mind if I just, and let's say you're doing the island analogy first and be like, do you mind if I put my coaching hat on? I mean, like, you know, you've mentioned to me that, you know, you do see the value in the program. It is something that you do want to do. You've mentioned to me that you do actually have the funds available to do it. And, again, I'm so confident in my ability to get you there that I've got that, you know, fully money-back guarantee that if you don't get the results that you're looking for, I'll give you a full refund. So I guess I got to ask, you know, a bit directly, like, I guess what's actually preventing you from moving forward today? See what they said. Now, again, this is where we collect ammunition because if they've said they struggle with motivation or accountability or anything like that, that's why I'm bringing this out. Well, I mean, you know, do you mind if I just sort of, you know, be up front with you? Yeah. I know you mentioned before that you said you really sort of struggle with accountability, right, and sort of keeping yourself accountable with things that you know you should be doing. From everything we've spoken about, you know, you know that this program, you want to do this program, as you mentioned. It sounds like you like everything involved in this program. I've got that money-back guarantee to make sure that you succeed in this program. So I guess, do you feel like you're just sort of not making a decision, not holding yourself accountable because it's... It's easy just to stay comfortable, even though you know that you're not happy with where you're at with things.
xavier kelly: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: And then it's like, that's a hard one because you've just, essentially, we just want to kind of edge them and back them into a corner where the only logistical, like, the only logistical thought process is, okay, well, have to do the program.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
xavier kelly: Yeah, my dad just came in. What did you say?
Kyle Musca: So, objection handling is basically just backing them into a corner where they're trying to weasel out of it, and you just keep asking them questions to back them into a corner where the only logistical answer is to actually continue on with the program and do the program.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I'll try and do, again, I've been trying to tee it up with myself. That's was trying to get on. On a few sales calls with you as well. I think we'll probably keep reviewing calls every week as well, just because that's probably like, if we can open the floodgates on sales, we are so golden. And two, again, as I said, I'd love to just see you just basically follow that script almost word for word.
xavier kelly: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Any questions on any of that?
xavier kelly: No. No. I'm going to go film a video and then get ready for the two calls tomorrow and just, go through your script, prep it, and just work on tonality, facial expression, and just following the script word for word. And then when I get to the end, really take my time and try to use what they say as ammunition and ask them instead of putting the objection into their mouths.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I'll do as well is I'll send you this link. These are Michael's recordings from a little while ago.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you can just sort of have a watch over them.
xavier kelly: Oh, Oh, thanks.
Kyle Musca: Oh, Perfect. Just shot that through. Cool, man. I do have to run, but if you have any questions, I'll need that. Just let me know. And I would proofread the script a couple of times as well, just so you can, you know, try and understand the wording so you don't have to try and intently read it as much.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
xavier kelly: Cool. I'll send you a DM on how it goes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. All right, man. Enjoy the rest of day. I'll chat to you soon. You too. Ciao. Bye.


>>> 134/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-19T07:20:37Z | id:131139592
People: Kyle Musca

ashairndorfer: So would probably be a good few as well. This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: This link is some calls I recorded probably mid last year of me. So you can just proofread, like watch them if you want to look at the sales process.
ashairndorfer: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Cool. How has this week gone?
ashairndorfer: I feel like I'm going backwards. Like I had one insane week two weeks ago. And now I'm like, cool, I'm getting all these inquiries, same thing, not a lot of people are responding. I am having a lot better luck with them putting in their, like, area code if they're in US or wherever they are. Because a of the time I would take it to chat and I'd be like, where's this number from? And sometimes it wouldn't even know and wouldn't be able to, like, give me the correct thing. So I am hearing back from people. I'm following up from them. I'm getting back to them within, like, you know, let's just say I'm asleep. I respond in the morning. Or if they come in the evening, like, I feel like I'm doing everything right, but I'm just not getting as much, like, follow-throughs.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So let's break that down. How many inquiries through that job form have you got or the application form in the last week?
ashairndorfer: 40, 50?
Kyle Musca: Okay. Wow. Okay. How many of them are Australian?
ashairndorfer: Why is this not working? , I'd say at least half. Well, maybe a little bit under.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Are you just texting him or are you trying to call him?
ashairndorfer: So I have been calling. When I call them, no one  answers. Um, and then I call, so I call, text, text again. And then I hear back from. Let's just say I messaged 10 girls, I might hear back from four, three or four, two of them follow through, two of them book a call. Some of them are going onto the inquiry form, working full-time, and they are booking in calls. And now I've got all the automation set up. I'm also sometimes messaging and being like, hey, babe, like, I'll see you in, like, tomorrow, or, like, did you get my pre-call book? What is it? The pre-call link video thing. And I'll send that to them again, and, yeah, some of them just don't show up. I even had this one girl yesterday, which I think I shouldn't have done. So she was from Wisconsin. Is that how you say it? In America? And she booked in yesterday at, what time was it meant to have a call? 12 o'clock. Messaged her, like, I was chatting to her for two days beforehand, and she was a little bit confused on the time I was saying. So And I was like, oh, well, this is the time that you booked, but it's just like obviously a day ahead or behind or whatever the time difference is in the US. And I was like, hadn't spoke to her for like maybe 12 hours and I messaged her. was like, hey, babe, can't wait to chat. I'll see you in 20 minutes. She's like, what, today? I'm like, yeah. She's like, oh, do you have any availabilities to do in an hour? And I was like, I can make that work. Like, that's no issue at all. And then I messaged her maybe 15 minutes before the call. I'm like, hey, my power bank's dead. My laptop's dead. I'm just going to walk home. I should be home in time for the call. But if I'm a few minutes late, like if I'm like two minutes late, I'm just like going up the lift. And she's like, oh, it's like 1030 here now. Do you mind if I just like if we just move this to tomorrow? Like I'm quite tired. I'm like, why the  did you delay the call by an hour? And then I was like, oh, like let's book in a call for tomorrow. No issue at all. And then she's just never got back to me and ghosted me.
Kyle Musca: And I'm like, what the ? Yeah, so I would probably say no. I just feel like.
ashairndorfer: But moving forward, I know not to do that, but I was like, oh, like, you know, maybe she's got the time zone wrong or whatever. Like I have, like, I can get some work done in the next hour. But yeah, I feel like if they push back, then it's more so like the hesitation, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you need to always maintain an authoritative stance when you're like in the DM or the sales process, any of Because as soon as they don't see you as an authority and they can start telling you what to do, then they just won't respect you or your time or anything like that. So it's just be like, oh, is it an hour? You know, can you do it an hour? That one, you know, you'd probably usually be like, yeah, that's no stress. But then if she's trying to reschedule again, like that's just a huge red flag. Like we're going to try and reschedule an hour later. stupid. Just be like.
ashairndorfer: It should be 10 p.m. Why the  are you moving in an hour later if it's going to be that late in the evening?
Kyle Musca: Like. Yeah, I would just be like, oh, like I'm, fully stacked tomorrow, unfortunately. You know, are you. It was a jump on, you know, for 20 minutes now, quickly.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
ashairndorfer: Yeah, I'll try to follow her up again, but I know next time to just be like, look, this is the time I've booked out for you. This is what we've chosen. Is that frozen?
Kyle Musca: I can hear you, but it is frozen.
ashairndorfer: You mean? Yeah. I don't know. Maybe it is my, I'm just too nice and easygoing when it comes to, yeah, okay, I can do in half an hour. I can do in an hour. So, yeah, I'll just won't be doing that moving forward. I also had a girl last night where, my goodness, she gave me so many objections. And I feel like she was one of those girls, like, I've never heard someone say she wanted something and also had so many excuses and so many things she's doing. And, like, no matter what I said, she's like, I just don't want to get overwhelmed. She was , I guess you're always going to have people like that, though, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yes and no, but it depends on the person. But, you know, be like, okay, well, do you mind if I just ask you or challenge you on that? I mean, if you're afraid of, you know, being or feeling overwhelmed, I guess how are you ever going to make a change if you're not actually going to change?
ashairndorfer: I went down so many different routes with her. So, hey, I thought I was doing so well and she just pissed me off with everything she was saying. I'm like, oh, kind of similar to that other girl that I told you was like a client I wouldn't even want to have. Like I was trying and trying. Our call went for 55 minutes and normally my calls go for like 40 minutes. So, like, I was, you know, in the end I was like, you know what, babe? Like I don't want to pressure you into anything you're not ready to do. Like I was just like, you clearly don't want this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you have your core recordings?
ashairndorfer: So I  up that one last night. I clicked Fathom, but I didn't realize I was turning it off. I have a couple cool recordings. One of them was a sale yesterday. I always forget to let them in, like let the Fathom thing join.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so definitely try and get some cool recordings this week coming.
ashairndorfer: We'll try and review some. What, maybe two or three?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll try and get a recent one and we'll try and get one that doesn't close. It doesn't close, yeah. Yeah, okay. Now, and you're following the script and everything like that, hey?
ashairndorfer: I am. Sometimes I feel like, I don't know if it's because I've had too much caffeine or what it is, but sometimes I can get a little bit too friendly and I'm like, maybe that's my downfall. Not friendly, like I just feel like sometimes, correct me if I'm wrong. As well, like females kind of like to be able to relate to the person that they're talking to. And I found that with lot of the calls that I have with the girls who close with me, it's because I'm like somewhat can relate to what they're going through. And I'm like, is this too much talking? I try to keep it very minimal. But yeah, what are your thoughts on that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you should always try and relate to them. People like people like them. You know what I mean? But you don't want to be too friendly because again, then we cross over into the realm of, you know, oh, I can see Asher as a friend, but not a coach.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? So it's like you want to be nice and you want to have a good friend, like relationship and stuff with them. Don't get me wrong. You know, but it's a very fine line of being friendly and authoritative.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. You know what Sorry, there go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I mean, if I've had 30 to 40 leads over the last seven days. How many calls booked total from that was five?
ashairndorfer: Let me – so what's the date? I'm really bad with all this , with numbers, anything. So 16th, let's just go 12th. Okay, sorry. What did I say to you?
Kyle Musca: 30 to 40.
ashairndorfer: No, so there's been 27 since the 12th. And there was a period there where – sorry, I wasn't even looking on here when I told you that. Where did you go? Last week, got my period, had a  week, didn't really post any content. And since I started posting content – surprise, surprise. So that's where the 27 calls have come in the past week.
Kyle Musca: And then from that – Sorry, really quick on that before we move on. If that's the case, I would definitely make content a more of a priority to bankroll a bit more. So When you do go through, whether it's a period or just a  week, whatever, you go on holiday, whatever, you've got like a little bit of a backlog that you can get up.
ashairndorfer: Of course. Yeah. And I just posted one today and I post one. Yeah. Like I'm trying to make sure it's just, I don't want to put pressure on myself to do two times a day. would be great. But like, I can't even get them out consistently at the moment. So for me, I'm just like, yeah, every day I know what's working. Those mirror shots that I do, super simple, quick. Like it's, I have so much  footage on my phone. That it pisses me off. Cause I'm like, it takes you half an hour.
Kyle Musca: I, yeah. Are talking about for the reels or are you talking about for the carousels more so?
ashairndorfer: both. Both? Kind of? Like I have so much  there that I can utilize.
Kyle Musca: Doesn't have to be from last week, this week. Like. Yeah. I would very much like, maybe not right now, but definitely food to the thought. I would probably look at getting a very, and it's a simple style of edit, but essentially an editor. But that we outsource, we don't get a local editor. They charge way too  much for easy work. You just outsource these. Like for my ads, for example, I pay my editor 20 USD per ad and he does better editing than, you know, all the dudes on the Gold Coast.
ashairndorfer: Is this your post on Instagram?
Kyle Musca: No, I do on ads. I don't do any like professional stuff for my actual organic anymore. But if you're going to do- sorry.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: For your voiceovers though, for example, like that would mean you can just sit down and you just bang out a voiceover. You just give them access to, you know, all the files that you want to give them access to. And they just put it all together for you.
ashairndorfer: So just like upload to a Google Drive, make me like a 40 second clip or something. And then I just talk over it with like a script.
Kyle Musca: No, you would probably give them the script.
ashairndorfer: You would do the voiceover probably first and then- Oh, okay. And then they just put it together.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So that will make it way, way easier for you.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That might be not – so, for example, if you want to do that, by the way, you just go to Upwork, post the job and everything. I don't think we – I mean, you could potentially look at that. I very much assume you could probably find a decent editor for quite a cheap work.
ashairndorfer: I look up on Upwork?
Kyle Musca: So you post a job and you just say looking for a video editor to edit my, you know, day in the life voiceovers.
ashairndorfer: Okay. I have an Upwork account.
Kyle Musca: Usually what I do there is I go on to, like, ChatGPT or Claude or something and then give it a detailed overview of what I want and then get it to write the description. Yeah. Now, with whenever you're hiring, you know, you're going to have to sort of obviously filter through a couple of them, give them a couple of trials. You know, the hiring process itself is a little bit annoying, but it's like anything. If you spend the time, you do it right, you only have to really do it once and then you've got something that's, you know, quite an invaluable piece to your business.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. And I just feel like it takes off that little bit of pressure for myself. Because at the moment, I just feel like I'm not, I don't know if you read my, what's my little check-in with you? I'm like, I feel like I'm doing well, but like, I don't know if I'm doing enough or like, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Because the first couple of things was amazing and now I'm like, what's changed? Like, yeah, so we just need to break that down. So you're getting plenty of people booking in like inquiries, 27 organic inquiries is fantastic. Now we need to figure out what is the kink in the chain? Like, why aren't they actually converting into calls? Because you've had five calls booked total.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Like my first call this week with like leads was yesterday and only three of them showed up.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Out of those 27 goals that you messaged, how many of them replied?
ashairndorfer: Okay, so let's go from... There was eight that replied. One of them is for a call that is on... One second.
Kyle Musca: What is your first message that you're sending to him?
ashairndorfer: Hang on one sec. Why is this going so  slow? So I do have a call on Friday, two calls on... Sorry, one call on Saturday. So I've got two more calls. So those two girls, one's on WhatsApp and one's on message. The first message I'm sending to girls. Wow, I don't even know how to say this chick's name. Hey, name, it's Asha from Coach by Asha. I was just looking through my coaching applications and saw you were potentially keen to get some help. Before we get into it, I just want to run through a couple of things to make sure what I offer would actually be a good fit for you. And then they normally respond back and they're like, hey, yeah, love to, like, or sounds good, if they respond back. So that's from the script.
Kyle Musca: I would maybe change that a little bit. Hey, just going, yeah, so hey. Sarah. Um. I would add a little bit of urgency to it. So I've just had one spot open up.
ashairndorfer: Do you want me to say like it's Ashley from Coach by Asha? I've just had one spot. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They might not know you as, let's see.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, what does my name say on Instagram? Athony, asha.athony.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so they might not know you. Because if you're saying Coach by Asha, yeah, yeah.
ashairndorfer: Well, it does say Coach by Asha though, doesn't it?
Kyle Musca: Only if they click properly onto your account.
ashairndorfer: So my username.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
ashairndorfer: Right, so hey, it's Asha. Well, yeah, what do I say? It's Asha from all you inquired about coaching.
Kyle Musca: Like- Okay. Um, so I'd be like, Hey, it's Asha. Um, and then maybe brackets asha.athony on Instagram from IG. So they know it's you. So for me, for example, I don't message people like, Hey, it's Kyle from EMP. It's Hey, it's Kyle brackets muscle from Instagram.
ashairndorfer: Right.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like that's, cause that's who they know you as when it's just like coached by Asha. So they, that might not click for them. I'd like, you know, some  gym person's just reached out to me like from anytime fitness or some .
ashairndorfer: So I've had a couple of girls read my message within like five minutes and they'd just get left on read and I'll follow them up again and nothing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cause it, it, it might be coming across as like, yeah, just a bulk outreach type message.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, and what I told you as well, sorry, I keep cutting you off is some of the girls.
ashairndorfer: Maybe I should send, do you think I send that message and then just be like, Yeah. Oh, like, sorry, like quickly add something so it actually sounds like a real person because I've said to a few girls before, like I've sent that message and then I've sent a follow-up and then they're like, oh, hey, like, yeah, sure, that's fine. And then I'll send the next question, which is in the DM script of like, what current goals are you working towards? I'll say that in a voice note. I'm like, just so you know, like I'm a real human, not a robot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Can you send me through on WhatsApp that first message just so I can have it in front of me, please?
ashairndorfer: I would definitely send you a screenshot of like how I'll send this. This is from today. Where'd she go this one?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I very much think if you're not getting that kind of response, they probably just don't know who you are. You have the star power that they should be like, , Asha's just messaged me.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. have the power they should be And I thought it was a good message, but yeah, I guess maybe we try asher.athony from Instagram or something like, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I reckon do that. Remove the coach by Asher. Keep it personal branded.
ashairndorfer: Hey, it's Asher. Let me do this in the actual script, just so.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I'll write it back. So it's like, oh, we'll do it together.
ashairndorfer: Ready? Yeah. Wait, hang on.
Kyle Musca: Hey, name.
ashairndorfer: Sorry, name, set a script. Hey, name, it's Asher from, Asher in brackets. Asher. Hang on. Wait one second. I'm in the wrong account.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I'm writing a screen if you want.
ashairndorfer: Are you writing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm sharing a screen right now.
ashairndorfer: Wait, I can't see. I Oh, you're sending it, you're writing it in there, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I am sharing my screen.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, I see it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, cool. I was looking through. What do you call your coaching? Like I call mine, you know, I've just had a spot open up on the team.
ashairndorfer: What do I even say? Because a lot of the girls, when they're like, oh, you know, I might think about it. I'm like, well, if they're like, oh, can I save my spot? I was like, look, I only have three spots open up until someone else comes in. So I've had a coaching spot open. I don't know. I just had a spot open for coaching.
Kyle Musca: We can make it with them. And I.
ashairndorfer: Should we say weight loss coaching or is that a little bit too upfront, do you think?
Kyle Musca: We'll just keep it coaching.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I just had a spot open for coaching. And so. Again, she gets some help. Again, let's put it together, and we might reword it.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you filled out my Then I would do send, right?
ashairndorfer: And just leave it very open for them to be like, oh.
Kyle Musca: And then ask a direct question. Because we're just trying to get a response.
ashairndorfer: Should I send a voice message or no?
Kyle Musca: You can do. When I was last doing it, I did.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Did you find you had a better rate with people getting back to you?
Kyle Musca: I can't remember. I exactly off the top of my head, but you can definitely try it. Be like, hey, Sarah, it's Asha or Asha, is it Anthony?
ashairndorfer: So maybe what I mean is I'll send, it's meant to be AT Honey, but everyone calls it Anthony.
Kyle Musca: So we'll go with Anthony.
ashairndorfer: I might send like, hey, Sarah, it's Asha, Asha, Anthony, whatever. I've just had a spot open up for coaching and I saw you fill out my application. And then after I'll just be like, I just wanted to see, or maybe, I don't know if I, how I can just like continue that on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's like.
ashairndorfer: But I just want to send them a voice message, you know, I feel like that's just weird, is it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just out of the blue, like it could be a bit weird.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The way you could do this, if you really wanted to test it, and you'd have to just track the data, is send half the people the message, send half the people the voice note, see which one. Well, can you copy voice notes? No, I think. Plus, do you want to keep that name in it to make it nice and personalised?
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Are you still interested in looking at, are you still interested in looking into, looking into, are you still interested? Something like that. Because again, we're just trying to get a response here.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you can send a voice note.
ashairndorfer: Do you think with, I have messaged so many girls, like what, I probably  messaged 100 girls, maybe like 80 girls in the last, since we started. Do you think it'd be worth me going into the messages, the girls who haven't got back to me and sending them a quick voice message?
Kyle Musca: That's, let's break that down. One, are you following up if they don't reply back to you?
ashairndorfer: Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would probably send them a voice message the second time as a follow-up, the first follow-up. The other thing is you could go back and go through all those girls. This is called a magic hat. It works  phenomenal. Go back through all those girls who have inquired and just be like, hey, hey, Sarah. Okay. Bye. Actually, let me send this through to you because I've actually got the magic hat.
ashairndorfer: Oh, and then kind of be like, I've got a spot open or some , yeah? Is this where we kind of pull that trick with those girls?
Kyle Musca: No, to a degree. So basically this. Hey, Sarah, how's things? Got some awesome news. Every month I do a random giveaway that anyone that's inquired about coaching and today must be your lucky day because you're the name that it landed on or you're the name I pulled out of the hat. That's why it's a magic hat. You've scored a $5 coaching voucher you can put directly towards coaching. Let me know if you're to click on that and I'll run into the next steps.
ashairndorfer: I feel like so many people would be like, oh, saving $500.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, they just feel like they've won something. So it does work really, really well. I would do this probably, you can do it every month. You can do it every three months, whatever. As long as you know, obviously, you've done it too because you don't need to do it.
ashairndorfer: So yeah, that'd be, do you think. I could even have like a separate link that I send these guys or something.
Kyle Musca: As in?
ashairndorfer: Don't worry, I'm just making it confusing.
Kyle Musca: In terms of bookings and stuff like that, you do want to separate it. I would do it through Calendly, like in terms of book them in on a different calendar so you can see who's come through what. Also with this, just inflate your prices, unless they know the price already, just inflate. So if it's $3,500, usually it's $4,000 for six months, but because of that voucher you want.
ashairndorfer: It's $3,500, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, so ideally, like if we were to properly set this up, we'd do it and go high level where we can clearly see the different calendars that they've booked in on and then they automatically get tags. We don't  do it in the future, all that stuff, but we're keeping it nice and simple on Calendly. You're also manually doing it as well. So it's like if you do do it in three months, you'll be able to  see if you've already sent them a message and not do it again. Yeah, I can try those things. With new organic leads, just do that. that. I would go back. No. So for that, new organic leads, I would do that. And then all the girls that have inquired but haven't booked in a call or even if you could also do this with people that have booked a call and know the price, but then obviously you just have to give them $500 off. But they, in saying that, if they do get on the call, should be a very easy sale.
ashairndorfer: And then for me as well, you know how I had like two, three weeks there where I was kind of doing my old pricing, kind of doing the other. So I'm like, , what did I even tell them? Imagine if it's like an extra two, three grand more than what they know. Do you know what I mean? Like maybe I just do it to girls who haven't responded to me yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
ashairndorfer: And then moving forward, now that I have my set pricing, I feel like I could do it to the girls.
Kyle Musca: Well, two things there. If you haven't got on the... Call with them. Like if they, let's say they booked in a call, but maybe there were no show, for example, you could still do it to them. They did show higher intent. So you could definitely still do it to them. If they did get on the call and you told them the price, the other thing you could do is just basically do a check-in. Hey, girl, it's been a few weeks since we last spoke. How's everything going? Yada, yada, yada. Try and re-spark the conversation with them. Well, thought I'd reach out. The demand for coaching has been absolutely massive recently. I'm actually about to increase my rates. If you wanted to join, I'm happy to keep you on the, the, the rate that we discussed. Uh, otherwise moving forward, it'll be this rate.
ashairndorfer: Yep. Like I even had to say, sorry, keep going.
Kyle Musca: Cause that adds the urgency and the scarcity if they need to get in now, if they want to collect on that rate or they're just never going to do it.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, I think. I you know, I'm curious to see how that goes because, again, we just want to make sure you do send it and split it as a different message as well so they can kind of see, well, this isn't just an automated message, it's actually personalized. Feel free to reword that a little bit if you want to, but yeah, that's basically the essence of it.
ashairndorfer: So am I doing this message and then waiting for a response and then offering the magic hat or is the magic hat different completely?
Kyle Musca: Now, you only do the magic hat for people that have already inquired about coaching before this point.
ashairndorfer: Okay, yeah. Okay, so these are girls who I've had on the inquiry list for like three, four weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the magic hat is people that just didn't convert. Like you're just re-engaging all the conversations essentially or people that didn't even get into conversation.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Okay, cool. So I do have a couple that have come through. I don't, I think I got through everyone today. There's. I've got three girls I need to respond to, so I'll send this new one to them and see how that goes.
Kyle Musca: I would also say, how long are you waiting to follow up with these girls as well?
ashairndorfer: I'll try to do it within that day, and sometimes I'm like, , I never got back, never checked this girl. It sometimes can be 24 hours. This is the thing, I feel like I'm trying to do so many things at the moment that I'm like, oh, , have I done this? Have I finished this? I followed up with her? I'm trying to, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So a couple of things on this. How many follow-ups do you do before you sort of throw in the towel for it?
ashairndorfer: Three or four.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. That's probably fair.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Some girls it's two. I have been trying with a lot of them being like, hey, babe, like, you know, what's the thing that you do? It's like... many? many?
ashairndorfer: they What many? Um, I can't even remember.
Kyle Musca: These are my follow-ups, right?
ashairndorfer: Yeah, the one here, it's like, it's been a while, seems like you're no longer keen, rah, rah, rah, but I also have to change it because some of these girls don't even get back to me, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, not really. I haven't heard back, so it seems like you're no longer keen on, you know, potentially getting help with coach or being coached or something, whatever you say.
ashairndorfer: So, um, all good if you've been caught up, but let me know if you change your mind, I'll take you off the short list. I mean, same thing. I might even send, where's, hang on, I'm just going to exit out of this for a second. I might just go through, so what have I got here?
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, just clearing through, um, just clearing through all my applications. Um, so you never got back to me. All good if now is not the right time, or, I'll delete your application. Um, feel free to flip me a message if anything changes.
ashairndorfer: Um, so I think I've been sending this one. Hey, my love, I'll assume this isn't a problem. Priority right now, totally okay. Just let me know either way, but I think I need to add in.
Kyle Musca: So on that as well, just very quickly, sorry. I wouldn't say I assume, just say it seems like. So it seems like it's a label. So one, it doesn't offend them. And two, it gives them the opportunity to correct you if you're wrong.
ashairndorfer: Seems like this isn't a priority right now. Totally okay.
Kyle Musca: Just let me know either way and I'll take you off my priority list. Yeah, priority list.
ashairndorfer: Short list probably if you want to say. Oh, sorry, yeah. Okay, let me copy this. Okay, cool. I'll send a couple of those out today. Okay. So do you think the organic inquiries that I'm getting that this is a...
Kyle Musca: It's amount. It's just unfortunately. Yeah, you're getting heaps.
ashairndorfer: Like 50% of those on calls, you've got  12 calls booked. Yeah. And I guess because I did have, you know, what was the other week? I had like 11 calls, closed five or six of them. was like,  yes. And now I'm like, why have I got one sale a week the past two weeks? Like what the 's going on? And then I'm like, am I doing enough? Is this going to work? And then it's the whole drug addict thing. And I'm like, ah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So with that, make it super simple. Don't spread yourself too thin. Focus on the most income revenue generating tasks you can possibly do. That is usually content. You know, you've seen it now that, you know, going through a period and obviously you're going to have  weeks, but you just don't feel like doing it. And then coming back into it, getting content up, you've seen the influx of leads. So it's like, you know, that is a revenue generating task, a dollar productive task, getting content up. Yeah. second of all, and. And we just need to pick this apart now. It's like the sales aren't really necessarily the biggest issue. It's the we should be getting more calls booked. So we need to figure out. We'll add this in there. If it doesn't, you know, really make a difference or anything like that, what we'll probably end up looking at doing is adding some more qualifications on the actual application form to, I guess, weasel out the less serious ones.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Do you ever do payments, like get girls to lock in a specific payment to ensure that, what do you call it, like a deposit? Like, does that make more girls want to jump on?
Kyle Musca: No, because they, no.
ashairndorfer: No?
Kyle Musca: No. No, because you're getting them to pay for something before.
ashairndorfer: And then I guess you kind of like scare them off, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, these girls already have anxiety. don't want to add anything more on top of it. Out of those 27 applications you did get, how many of them were actually qualified?
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Sorry, I've realised I sit so close to this  computer when I talk to you.
Kyle Musca: I'd heard it.
ashairndorfer: At least 17 of them.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
ashairndorfer: Oh, . I just realised I didn't onboard that girl. I need to onboard her after this call.
Kyle Musca: Have you tried messaging them on Instagram? Oh, they probably didn't put their Instagram.
ashairndorfer: So that has been working, what we changed last week. Where's that  question? Oh, here. So there was one girl that put her Instagram. There's another girl here that I haven't got back to who's got her Instagram, but a lot of them are just putting... And, like, WhatsApp and where they're from, which is really helping, like I mentioned at the start, so I could be like, okay, cool, chat, what's the  area code or whatever you call it. But, yeah, only one girl's popped her. And then, like, one chick's a student. I doubt she's going to be a lead, like a qualifying lead. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So the other thing is, let's have a look on.
ashairndorfer: Also, my following's going up really well. But then I'm like, hmm, why aren't my sales going up too, the ?
Kyle Musca: I mean, you're getting plenty of, like, Yeah. Oh. So realistically, like, how much did say? 17. So let's go down to 20, 25%. Yeah. I mean, it's just for warm organics, it's low. You know what Like in terms of booking ratio.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But to be fair, it does seem like these CTAs are really working because it's not like, I mean, you did have this video that did really well, but none of the other videos have, like they've got really good, but not like, you know, hundreds of thousands. Yeah. And we have a few through here. So, you know, the CTAs are definitely working.
ashairndorfer: This is what I mean. Like, do you think I should even, see, I know these mirror clips work so well. Every single one I do does really well. What did I do in this one? Girl, please. Oh, that's like a before and after. I could do like glute ones in the mirror, but if I do that, that's going to bring in the wrong attack. And I'm like, maybe I could do that for like, do you want to grow big glutes? And then I could do like the workout that follows.
Kyle Musca: To be fair though, I think these ones do well because- Actually, that one did pretty well in the blue.
ashairndorfer: 1,100 lives, it's wild.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like 1,400, but that all had 15,000 more views. So it's like, but this one is going to be more specific to that CTA. I mean, you're selling the lifestyle and the body and everything here, but this is an actual workout video, you know what mean?
ashairndorfer: And I have actually had a lot of saves with that as well, which is good. So I guess people can go back. So with that one.
Kyle Musca: But I'd also like, yeah. This is where you could do like a combination of the two, you know what I mean? Like you could always do a mirror selfie or something like- Thanks, the name's works in the example. your time. great. Yeah. Like what I've seen works really, really well here for males and females is you show off the component that you're, you know, obviously if it's a dude, it's, you know, them looking absolutely  jacked for girls. Girls love things like glutes and everything like that. So you might do a mirror selfie with, you know, whatever you're trying to show and then go into the workout, but then do a voiceover as well. I mean, girls, you know, it took me six years to realize this, but I'm going to teach you in 66. seconds. If you want your glutes to go from this to this, this is the exact workout you need to follow.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. I mean, can you text, wait, that's just like, sorry, easy and straightforward. What is it? Let me message it in the group chart. This took me six years.
Kyle Musca: This took me six years to figure it out. And then again, like, don't try to over-educate with these. You know what mean? Essentially, what you keep on screen here is... It doesn't even need to be a workout either because you just said five exercises that grew glutes.
ashairndorfer: You know mean?
Kyle Musca: Again, I'll leave you up the wording for you, but you could have hip thrusts three times ten and then just be like, you know, you already know we have to start off with hip thrusts. These are a must if you're trying to build an absolute dump truck, whatever you  say, right?
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Yeah. Do you follow, sorry, do you follow that girl... Is it Christina? Ah, , what's her name? She has the best voiceovers. She's like a really young girl.
Kyle Musca: Workout by Christina?
ashairndorfer: Yeah. See if there's any recent voiceovers from her. I don't think she's posted on it in a while.
Kyle Musca: Also, again, like you can clearly see that works for her as well. So you might even want to take that for yourself. Go back into that?
ashairndorfer: Yeah. So as in that opener?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, yeah, that style. Like you can see it's very fast-paced.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, it has that, it's a visual, you know what mean? Like, she's bra-less at the start of it type thing, but it's very quick. I mean, things change, it's off to the side, it's different, it's unique, close up on the visuals, you know what mean? Etc, etc, etc.
ashairndorfer: My only thing is, like, I guess I just need to keep posting, keep just posting  for the girls, basically. But any time my  is in it, I sometimes get to, like, 50% men or more, and then there's no  women viewing it anyway.
Kyle Musca: Is that an issue? I feel like it is. I would try and avoid it, but you're going to deal with that, unfortunately, regardless of what you do.
ashairndorfer: I'm going to try to find one of those. I don't think she's posted on the pages. Oh, go to this one. The one with 313? Oh, no. Oh, Click on that. says different on mine.
Kyle Musca: This one?
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What's better than being in paradise? Being in paradise and looking and feeling your best because you stuck to your routines and followed your goals. I know we love a girl's girl, but okay, come spend a full day of eating with me.
ashairndorfer: Just stay on track and live my best life because you can 100% eat. It's just very, very fast-paced. Let me try and find one of the good ones. Oh, this one here. Go to the smoothie.
Kyle Musca: Hold on.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I bet you never would have thought that the best motivation to stay on top of your goals is being in Bali, Indonesia, surrounded by the most beautiful woman in the world in the tiniest outfits in the world. Okay, no, I'm obviously kidding, but when you catch me this summer in some floss, it is because not only have I been training to build my best body, but also eating for it. So come spend a full day of eating with me while I'm in Bali. My first non-negotiable is starting my day out with at least half a liter to a liter of water to rehydrate closely. It wakes you up and boosts your daily hydration intake, and it's so good for you. Digestive system to be putting water into your body before anything happens. Drago fruits are also so easy to come by here in Bali, so I try to eat one every single morning just for the This one's a little bit of drago. Hold on. What'd you say?
ashairndorfer: That one's like, it's good, but it's not.
Kyle Musca: Skipping your leg and glute day warm-up is what's keeping those glutes at deflated pancake status, however, I have good news for you, girls. Because if you're ready to go from deflated to inflated triple layered birthday cake, then let me walk you through my warm-up for those glutes, legs, and to open up those hips. First things first, we're going to start out with leg swings front to back, side to side. You want to swing out high and far enough that you really get that nice stretch on your lower back, but no wind turbine, keep all these nice and controlled. Next, we're going into COSEC squats, which are amazing for opening up the- See how she's telling a story as well? She's not documenting something that happened.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, Filespace, 1.3, wow. The reaction type thing.
ashairndorfer: There's another- There was a A really good one. would have got millions of views. Okay, this one here.
Kyle Musca: Go to that one.
ashairndorfer: It's like a meal. She's holding it, that one there, 713. Go down. That one's not in hand yet.
Kyle Musca: It's been a full day of eating with me to lose fat while also building muscle because I want you to ask me where my waistline also. Yeah, so she's selling  appeal, really. But, like, girls like  appeal, you know what I mean? Like, I mean,  sells, really.
ashairndorfer: But I feel like for me because, I don't know, I just feel like there's a very fine line between being too , showing too much body, getting the wrong attention. But in saying that, my mirror videos that I do, 15% is men.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, I think... It'd very much be the type of, you know,  that you're selling. She's selling the lifestyle, the body, the dream that girls want, rather than necessarily just shaking her  on camera.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, and it's always about health or lifestyle, well-being, or something like that. It has an actual value component. I mean, there's no actual value, but there's a value component that girls are going to get from. I mean, whereas guys won't get anything from watching this video.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. True. They're just going to be like, well, she's hot, or they'll just scroll past it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. You know what mean? Maybe they go on her account and, you know, scroll on her account a little bit or whatever, but very unlikely. It's about also building muscle, because I want you all to ask me, where are my waistband? Also ask me which section at Ikea I built this bookshelf from. guys don't. You know what mean? It's like past this point, like, well, it's not even her body anymore.
ashairndorfer: She just used the body to hook people in.
Kyle Musca: Like, if I was a , you know, thirsty dude, I'd be like, well.
ashairndorfer: I didn't a .
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, that's probably a pretty decent way to go about it, you know, and you can kind of see that in their content a lot. It would be  sales at the start, and then it would be basically for the girls.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Yeah, it's always that, like, for me, little, like, three-second hook to be like, oh, , she looks really good.
Kyle Musca: But then hopefully that goes to the correct audience. Yeah. So, yeah, it's a visual hook, and you can see that she does that on repeat.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And she does a combination between the voiceovers and the... Yeah. Um... Um... So does that make sense? No. Yeah, she is a good one to actually.
ashairndorfer: I'll have a look and suss her page and like, I feel like I'm slowly finding what is working well for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think it's like, well, if you notice from this as well, it's again, big creators, they don't try and do everything. They just try and do like one or two things and just rinse and repeat it in different fashion.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, that's the exact same as that one. Exactly. It was like, oh, that worked, I'll do it again.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. And do you think I could do like an opener of like, you know, that clip of me in the blue where I'm like walking to the hip thrust station thing? Three seconds of that and then it could be, you know, you know how it's like, what was the  hook? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So as a voiceover?
ashairndorfer: I could do it as a voiceover, but then it's also like cool, like five-glued exercises, but it's also got like my pre-workout and my post-workout meal or some .
Kyle Musca: And then I guess if I did it as a voiceover, it could go into like the importance of probably, I mean, again, you can pick a part. I would probably usually keep it focused on one thing.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because if you get pre and post-workout, might drag the video on and then you're trying to get five different exercises in there type thing. It might just make the video too long, but what I would probably do here- I guess even just breaking up the clip, I film it at home, similar to the close-up of the back and the , and then it goes into the workout would be a little bit more appealing. Yeah. Well, again, she's selling the dream here. See what mean? She's selling the dream of the body, the lifestyle. So for you, for example, before you do, you know, the five-glued exercise one, let's just use that as a topic. It might be you in a bikini down at the beach, for example. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, and- And it goes into the gym environment.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, I think that would be good.
Kyle Musca: Again, a lot of  to feel here. Lifestyle. What I love about what she's doing here is she's covering every component that you'd really want to cover. The body, the lifestyle, she's got a personality about her when she does her voiceovers. She doesn't, you know, she has different styles of doing it. She doesn't always do voiceovers, but you can see the voiceovers when you go on a thing. But most importantly, when you come to her account, you can very, very clearly see that she is all about the gym.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, she does have, you know, this six-week challenge here. This would be a very automated passive low ticket. I very much assume. But if, for example, if your account looked like this, even, you know, your account looks great now as it is, but if your account looked like this, for example, and we ran an ad from this, it would just be so  ridiculously hard pulling. It's crazy.
ashairndorfer: What do you think is missing from my account at the moment? Like, do you think it's something that you look at? Because I had PT with George today, George  GCM, GMC, and he made a really nice comment. He's like, your Instagram is actually looking like you're an online coach. Because I said to him when I left doing online coaching with him, I was like, I really want to step up my content and I don't want to use your workouts to post my content. Do you know what I mean? Like, I was like, it just feels weird having a coach when I'm a coach and putting your workouts online.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'm a big thing of that.
ashairndorfer: I like never promote a competitor, essentially. And I felt weird. I I tagged him today, but I was like, I don't want to be tagging you in all my  I do when I'm trying to get clients.
Kyle Musca: And you're also trying. Yeah. So, I mean, like George is one of my good friends, but I wouldn't tag another coach if I have a coaching business.
ashairndorfer: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like I thought it was so cringe when Adam EBT went through the front runner thing and everyone was like promoting front runner and stuff. I'm like, you're literally promoting another coach right now. So it's like, I just would never, never do that. Cause it's like, if I was a girl who was interested in going to you for coaching and I saw that and be like, well, why would I go to you?
ashairndorfer: And I can just go to your coach. Yeah. This guy looks like he goes booties and does everything that I want. Yeah. So I even need to stop  posting that I'm PTing with him. Cause I'm like, I'm too nice and don't want to post him without tagging him. But then I'm like, I'm doing this thing that I didn't want to do, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So yeah.
ashairndorfer: Cause he's leveraging you there.
Kyle Musca: Um, you don't really get much leverage from, from him. And again, I'm, I'm George's good friends. Um, yeah. Um, the only thing I would say with your account is it does look, um, exactly how we want it to look. Let's go. The only thing maybe is for the thumbnails, make them a bit more gym orientated. Yeah. Like I love that you've got some of the lifestyle ones in the mirror stuff and everything like that. They're fantastic.
ashairndorfer: But you can see- more workouts?
Kyle Musca: Not even necessarily, but just more so like the thumbnails. You know what mean? So it's like, like we just looked at these eight here, for example, you know what mean? They're four of them, five of six of them are almost the same. Seven's close, similar. You know what mean? But like if we look at this, for example, we've got food, we've got gym. Yeah. She likes to do these placeholder ones, which, you know, they're a bit weird. I'm not sure. I guess that does add to the overall, you know, vibe of the accounts, to be fair.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? But it's like gym, gym, food, body, body, just the, I guess, like whatever those  photos, you call them food. You know what mean?
ashairndorfer: Mm.
Kyle Musca: She probably does that.
ashairndorfer: know, I would assume she does this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would assume she does this intentionally because we've got gym, the gym environment, what we'll call it, gym, body, gym, food, training.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Body, food, food, beach, lifestyle, sorry. Body, food, lifestyle, gym, gym, aesthetic gym, body slash gym, food. It's the same three, really, on reboot. And that's fine. I also do think more, do more, like, food ones, if possible, because nutrition girls love food.
ashairndorfer: I've had, I have so many of them, so yeah, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: It's literally heaven in a bowl, especially on a warm winter morning. The word lymphatic. Just very fast-paced, very quick. Yeah.
ashairndorfer: Et cetera, et cetera.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. To be honest, I would just focus on, like, we'll implement what we just spoke about with the setting, and then I would just really focus on, like, going hard on your content. Like, not necessarily posting more, but just posting really consistently. And, like, intentional with the hooks and the, what do you call it? But, yeah, but, again, like, she's a great one to come and reference and stuff if you're looking for ideas and inspiration and stuff like that. So, you know, two days ago, three days ago, six days ago, March 7th, March 5th, March 4th. So she doesn't even post super consistent. But in saying that, she has massive following, so she can get away.
ashairndorfer: She's already at that mark where it's, like, she's gone through the consistent posting, you know? I'd love to know, like, if you scroll down far enough, I guess it would be, like, year ago or something, where it's, like, I guess she's had a very similar vibe the whole time, though, looking from this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, you know, it's not about reinventing a wheel. It's just about figuring out what works and just going ham on it.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Body, body, body, lifestyle, body, body, food, gym, gym, gym. You know what mean?
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's like just collect pieces that you know work. I mean, when it comes to your page, like we absolutely know that, you know, we absolutely know that these work. So it's like, again, if you look at hers, you know, she probably has three to four different types of content, maybe. What's better than being impaired? We've got a voiceover. and feeling your best because you stuck to your routines and fault your goals. I know she said, I know we love a girl's girl, but okay, come spend a full day of eating with me to stay on track. So she's got her full day of eating ones. Voiceovers. Gym gains outside of the gym. So lifestyle, body. This is really just sort of the trendy reaction. Trendy audio-type things. Yeah. Same thing.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then just the aesthetic Get Ready With Me with no voiceovers.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's pretty much the only three types of content she does, from what I've seen. Maybe she has some, yeah, and then carousels and stuff.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, selling the lifestyle.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that's, she's a great example of, like, how, you know, people don't want to be educated. She doesn't do any education at all.
ashairndorfer: I think the only education is in those voiceovers where she'll be like, I do this for this reason. But it's all very, very quick and nondescriptive and just, like, these are the only points you need to focus on.
Kyle Musca: But it's also not actually, like, value. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, It's like buzzword-y more than anything. You know what mean? Drink water. It's really good for your digestive system, but she didn't explain why it's good for your digestive system or anything like that.
ashairndorfer: You know what mean? Yeah. I might even go through my Instagram tonight. I know it's not necessary, but like you made a good point of like there's a lot of very similar photos of like just me in the mirror. So I might go in and try and see what I can do to – or maybe I'll just work on it, posting different stuff. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: I don't think it's necessarily you need to post different stuff.
ashairndorfer: Sorry, I mean like cover photos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just the thumbnail type thing. Maybe that's just a little bit more cool. But that's more of a just making the page look more aesthetic than anything. How do your photos do, by the way, as well? Pretty well, to be honest.
ashairndorfer: So the one I did yesterday obviously used the mirror again.
Kyle Musca: That's fine.
ashairndorfer: That worked really well.
Kyle Musca: Lifestyle. Lifestyle. Oh, gym, lifestyle, yeah. And I think what would be great here, again, I know I mentioned yesterday, is just throwing in the transformation.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, Wes, I think I posted that and you messaged out of transformation. I was like, , I literally just posted one, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so she's just all about lifestyle and lifestyle. Lifestyle and body, really.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, perfect. Yeah, okay, cool. Morgan, sick lead volume. What was, just by comparison, what was the week before that lead, when you went through your period and you just weren't? You actively posting, what was the lead volume like for that period? very much.
ashairndorfer: I literally need to look at my calendar because I don't  know. So, am I  stupid? Pretty similar to be honest. I don't know how to do maths. Maybe a little bit less. Maybe around, like, 2019.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So bad with numbers. In one week, it's not going to sort of really throw you out, especially if you've got, like, content that is going viral in that period of. But you're getting the lead flow there.
ashairndorfer: We just need to get them on the phone. Yeah. I reckon I just need to follow up more. We'll change up the messaging sequence that we – well, not sequence, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Wait, the – what did you just send me?
ashairndorfer: I've just opened up a spot for coaching. We'll see how that goes. And I'll try and get them on a call. But yeah, I guess I just have to be consistent because I feel like maybe when I feel like I get like shot down and like my confidence goes down, maybe I lack with like my, what's the word? Yeah. My brain's slowly shutting off this evening. My urgency to like getting back to people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Speed to lead is critical as well. So this is where we ideally like to track more data, but it's going to be hard if it's just you. Yeah. We want to see like how many people are messaging back. I mean, out of those people that do message them, how many actually get to the stage of booking a call? How many book a call?
ashairndorfer: I mean, so I've started using Claude just to play around and see how that. It works. Do you want me to kind of set it up so that he can help me keep track of that? Have you started using Claude?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've been using Claude. Yeah. As in like integrated or you just enter data in?
ashairndorfer: So I get him. So I still haven't  finished that call list. Oh my God. I've like got him to help me and I've got it all there and I just need to like kind of transfer it over. But I get him to integrate like, what's it called? Oh my God. Sorry. My housemate's talking. It's distracting me. My like Google Calendar, Calendly, all that kind of stuff. I'm getting it to integrate specific apps and everything. But even to, I don't know if it can go into WhatsApp or whatever, like just to help me keep track of all of that.
Kyle Musca: Or maybe I have to enter in specific data. I would probably just, it'd be easier just to create a Google Sheet, to be honest, and just like, yeah, as you message and maybe just enter the data. We're in. It's probably the easiest way to go. We only want to really do this short-term, like, just to pick it apart.
ashairndorfer: Bring in money.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then in the future, like, you know, once we add go high level and DM setters and VAs and , it'd be easy for you to do all that. We'll be able to do it.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do that. Do the magic hat because that should definitely start up some conversation, books and calls in. Yeah. Um, and then, and then, yeah, I guess we'll just have to see what the response is like from her.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. And you sent me the full script for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you did. Cool. Yeah. I would also, um, yeah. And then the other type, the other, for the 50% of the other people you reach out to, like, give them a call and then just send them a voice note. Like, hey, Sarah, just tried to give you a call. Um, you know, couldn't get ahold of you. Um, I just had one spot open up on, oh, by the way, it's, you know, um, you know, Asher for bad. bad. bad. I'm Anthony from my brain shut down too, holy , from Instagram. I just had a spot open up on the team and I noticed that you were put through a coaching application. So I seeing if you're still potentially interested in looking into that. Let me know when you can. And if you are, we'll chat about the next steps or we'll chat about what's involved. And then you might even want to send a text after that. Let me know if that came through or good.
ashairndorfer: You know what mean? You know what? I might even start by being like, hey, Sarah, it's Asha,  brackets, whatever we've been saying. And then I'll send a voice message.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could actually do that. You send it and then be like, I'm going to send you a voice message just so you know I'm not like a robot.
ashairndorfer: I've just had a couple of spots open up for coaching.
Kyle Musca: Did you want? I would say a spot, be specific.
ashairndorfer: a spot open up for coaching. Did you want to potentially get some help?
Kyle Musca: Are you still potentially interested in looking into that? If so, let me know. know. And we can chat about what's involved.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. Yeah, I'll try that. Oh, it's just so... I know it's all going to... It'll all work out, but like...
Kyle Musca: Ideally, again... Yeah, we just want your cash flow up so we can, like, launch ads. Because then, you know, once you have setters and stuff involved and everything, it's just a much easier process.
ashairndorfer: Like, they just book the calls in and you just sit down and you just take calls. Yeah, because I'm like, , that will be so nice. Because at the moment, I'm like, oh, , like, got to get to this, got to get to that. And, like, I'm very surprised by what I've been able to do. But it is definitely something where I'm like, holy , like, I've really got to stay on top of this. And obviously, I feel like it'd be that way for everyone. But it's definitely something where I can't wait to just have someone else helping do that so I can just put my time into those calls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so I would just think of it as, like, you're just kind of in the trenches part. about what I spent. You've just got to sort of put your head down and just like grind it out, get cash flow up, get some sales through the door. And then once you're feeling, you know, good about the process, then it's like, well, we can just step into that and should pull very hard for you. Because it's like, again, ads are good because it keeps everyone native in Instagram. You they don't have to go different places. You don't have to outreach them or anything like that.
ashairndorfer: The conversation is just there. Yep. Okay, awesome. Well, thank you.
Kyle Musca: No worries. Is there anything else you want to touch base on at all while we're on?
ashairndorfer: All I'm thinking about is having a shower right now.
Kyle Musca: I'm so tired. Yeah.
ashairndorfer: My brain's tapped out. I feel like this has been a really good call, though. Thank you. And, yeah, I'll just be persistent and reach out to these girls and, yeah. Hopefully, what is today, Thursday, hopefully I can get some calls, books in for tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing is go ham on putting social media. Social proof all over your Instagram, you know, as I said, in the feed posts, in your reels, if you could fit them in, you know, on your stories. Anytime you do a check-in and girls had a win, chuck it up in your story. I mean, whether it be visual, whether it be weight, whether it be they've said something nice to you, whatever.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. I just feel like at the moment because I'm so  pissed off because I think I told you I lost access to my kahunas. Yeah. I've contacted them. It was, like, three, four weeks since I, like, until I realized I was, like, oh, I can't actually get into that anymore. So I only have ones that are saved in, like, my Canva or, like, screenshots, and I feel like I've been, like, repeatedly using those similar ones. And I'm, like, do people know this? Have they caught on? The girls that I've been training lately, they're just quite difficult to get them to do  anything I tell them to do. There's a few new girls at the moment who are, I guess, utilizing the hype. And I feel like they are definitely making better progress. So I'm hoping in a couple of weeks I'll have better results, but I just feel like I haven't had any decent before and afters for like a good year.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
ashairndorfer: Which I feel like that makes me sound like the shittest coach ever. I'm like, what the ? That's embarrassing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
ashairndorfer: I'm not getting results.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just start pushing your girls and setting the tone off the starters is really important. One thing I really like doing is as soon as they join, like I'll drop their calories lower than, you know, what would be, I guess, standard, if that makes sense. Like if they're on, you let's say 2000 calories, I'll put them on 1800 calories. Get them off to a strong start. I'd rather have to increase their calories than drop their calories because they're not seeing results. If they see the results coming quickly, they'll get motivated and that will keep them pushing through.
ashairndorfer: If they don't see results, they'll lose motivation and they won't. I reckon I'll do that to my girls. I've got to get to a couple of check-ins. This evening. And if nothing's  happening, I'll just do a big, not a big drop, like two, 300 calories or something just to be like, let's push because.
Kyle Musca: When I was coaching, it's like if they hadn't shifted their weight in two weeks and they've been tracking decently well and everything, it's just we're dropping cows.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it's like, because then you figure out like if they don't drop again, like nothing changes. It's like, well, you're not tracking properly.
ashairndorfer: Yeah, you're not doing anything. Yeah. Yeah, I'll do that. Definitely. Definitely. Um, just to get some new  content in would be great. I mean, before and afters.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And, again, this, this comes down to the community and culture and everything like that. You know I mean? For me, I very much have geared it towards like, I'm only going to work with dudes that are serious and we're not  going easy about this. Like if you're coming to me, like we're locking in, we're dialing in, we're going  hard. Yeah. you know, same as Brie, like she had an issue where she was getting heaps of calls booked in, but, uh, like they were just all  quality leads. None of them were closing or anything. Anything like that. And it was because the messaging on the front end was just attracting bad quality clients.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so it's like, think about the girls that you want to work with and start using that messaging in those CTAs and everything like that.
ashairndorfer: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean?
ashairndorfer: Yeah, done.
Kyle Musca: And your life also gets a lot easier because you shouldn't stop dealing with so many  annoying people.
ashairndorfer: Oh, the chick last night did my  head in. Just so annoying. Oh, I'm just like, I don't even want to talk to you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so.
ashairndorfer: Character building, yeah? Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let me know how you go on the magic hat because, you know, if you've done right, that usually pulls really hard.
ashairndorfer: Yeah. I'll do that. I actually have to pack up my room tomorrow. But , I'll find an hour to, not even an hour, half an hour to send a bunch of messages tomorrow morning or something.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah, I'll get it done. Yep. Perfect. Awesome. All right. keep me updated. If you do have any questions, just, yeah, let me know.
ashairndorfer: Cool. Thank you so much, Kyle. All good. See ya. Bye.


>>> 135/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-20T05:06:07Z | id:131480691
People: Kyle Musca

Michael Cui: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro. How you going?
Michael Cui: Yo, good, bro, yourself?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good. How have things been?
Michael Cui: Yeah, pretty good this week, I'd say.
Kyle Musca: It's not been too bad. Beautiful. I'm just logging into JotForm now. Come on. Give me a rundown, man. What's been happening this week?
Michael Cui: Well, yeah, kind of, I'd say like this week, I'd say I like basically covered like everything that I needed to cover. But I just wanted to do like more of it now. Like I think in the past, like I'd always  do like one thing and then stop doing the other thing. But I feel like this week I've covered, I think I've covered majority of it. Um, But, yeah, overall, like, it's been pretty good. Like, the posts this week have done a lot better on average, like, engagement-wise and everything in comparison to, like, any of my past weeks, aside from the week with the  , like, video that went viral because of that chick in the back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. That one wasn't really going to convert, but let's have a quick release of the content. I've just opened up the page.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's who we're looking at here. Did you add a poll on this?
Michael Cui: No, didn't. That one was, like, just a bit of a  post.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Something like that would still be good to add a poll on, dude. But, like, anyone else struggle with this? Or anyone, like, you know what mean? Just to, again, get people tapping on it.
Michael Cui: You know what I mean? Yeah, okay, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Did you try to play around with the edits, lining?
Michael Cui: Yeah, like on that video, I did, because that was like pulled off a different video. I did, but I feel like I probably could have brought it down a bit more. Does it look washed out on the computer?
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
Michael Cui: Does it like kind of look washed out on your screen?
Kyle Musca: No, doesn't look too bad at all. It just sharpened and crisped it up a little bit. But again, like you want to do it to the point where it doesn't look like you've done anything to it. So like I haven't got the original one to sort of compare it to, to be fair. But overall. Overall. That's like the exact type of post as well, man, because it shows that you've actually been through it, which is fantastic. I do like how you put a longer CTA here as well. That's going to be riddled with keywords as well as people will actually like, you know, potentially stop and read this, which will keep playing that there. And then adding this to the thing as well as, yeah, fantastic. Great structure there.
Michael Cui: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Happy with that. Yeah, good. Stay working for you, man, which is fantastic. Views have definitely gone up. your following increased much?
Michael Cui: Yeah, like it's still been going up. I'd say like ever since I posted that video with the  girl in the back, week, this week. Yeah. We're OBI I. Like, a lot of posts, like, after that have done, like, pretty decent. And then, yeah, it's just, like, followers go up, like, every day, kind of. I think, like, before I posted that one video, even the one before it, like, the reaction I did before it of that  guy deadlifting, before I posted either of them, I was sitting at, like, 2K, like, ish.
Kyle Musca: Mm-hmm.
Michael Cui: Yeah. And then, yeah, so it's just been kind of climbing ever since, but, like, not really recently anyway, like, not really from that, like, viral video anymore.
Kyle Musca: It's, like, from, like, other ones. Yeah. So what we're doing, like, we're getting the views now. The views are coming, which is fantastic, man. Kind of what I spoke about last week, I'd love to start getting your, I guess, personality in there a little bit more as well. Yeah. mean, because people will get used to seeing the face, and then if we can get used to you talking and stuff, that's where you're, I mean, you can get away with not talking if you can get your physique in there enough. Yeah. Um, but like, that's what will separate you really. Um, also you will find men like growth can be very, very exponential. Like if you find things that start to click for you and you start to figure out a way, um, like a value driven piece of content where you can, can become known, like memorable more so, um, you know, the growth from it can be exponential. So that's something I'd very much keep in mind.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: 450, man, you're getting a good, good engagement on these. Really important to keep consistency up here. You know what mean? Like you don't want to have this wheel turning and then just pull your foot off the gas. All right, let's take a look at this. 170 kilo deadlift. That's pretty good, man. But honestly, I'm not too sure if that's... Bro just toyed around with 170 kilos, like it's just a normal, regular, everyday kind of thing. What the ? Alright, let's take... Yeah, solid, Nice. Nice, very nice. It took me five years to figure this out, but I'm gonna teach it to you in less than 60 seconds. This is the change that finally took my legs from looking small and skip... Is this what we reviewed last time?
Michael Cui: Yeah, the most recent one is like the most recent post that was one from this week.
Kyle Musca: Wait. Sorry, what do you mean by that?
Michael Cui: Like the most recent post I posted was like a voiceover as well.
Kyle Musca: Oh, this one?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Three years ago, I got extremely overweight and it's not because I had an eating problem, but because I thought I had to in order to gain muscle. I didn't want to get fat, but I honestly had convinced myself that it was just part of the process and that I was doing the things that others weren't willing to do. I'd be... Force-feeding myself week after week and downing 2,400 calories worth of shakes daily, only to realize months later that I had gained an excessive amount of body fat and minimal muscle in comparison. I only started seeing real change when I started tracking my lifts and actually prioritizing my training, which is crazy because it sounds so obvious. But if you're currently lost like I was, you just need some basic structure. First, stop slamming food down your throat and instead just sit in a mild surplus. With training, start by choosing a split that fits your schedule and picking exercises that you actually enjoy doing. But then literally stick with them and focus on progressing them. Three years ago, I got extremely overweight and it's not because I hadn't eaten. The only thing I would say there is the start probably wasn't, there wasn't as many, cuts and enough  on screen.
Michael Cui: Yeah, I bet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean like if you analyze, I actually was doing this with a chick yesterday, so I'll even pull her up. She's a good, good one to look. Fathom, Steema, yeah, this chick, all right. So she's a good one to actually replicate. She sells, you'll be able to extract the voiceover components more than anything from her. So if we look at, I think it's this one, yeah. So no, it's not that one. Maybe that one, maybe. Yeah. See how there's so many different cuts in this first part? She's obviously selling the  side of things as well. I guess in a way you are in a degree. Like realistically, what this is, man, is it like it's  sells. You know what mean? People are going to be drawn to an aesthetic physique and everything like that, right? It's a dream outcome for them to have something similar, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But see how many cuts there are in that? Just in that first three seconds?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then as a result, 678K. And with someone like this, it's a little bit trickier because it's old. Trying to find someone that does good voiceovers. So I'd focus heavily on getting like as many cuts in that first three seconds as possible. Yeah, I thought I'd never say this sentence as a whole food, clean eating, health freak, girly, but I just. Well, I already know it, okay? You want your dream body, but you don't want to make any foods.
Michael Cui: So yeah, it's still the same video, but there were so many cuts. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So. But just do that, like, because you could do that with that, you know what mean? Because what if you didn't? Three years ago, I got extremely overweight, and it's not because I had an eating problem, but because I thought I had to in order to... Yeah, yeah, so you could, I think, just add more cuts into that first section.
Michael Cui: Yeah, for sure. I know, like, when I did this one as well, like, definitely, like, at the end of it, like, I just reckon, I feel like, like, the value component of that video wasn't as good as, like, the last one I did. Like, I feel like the last one I did, like, if you actually saved it, like, there was, like, more juice to it. This one, was kind of just, like, saying  for the sake of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I think, tell us, you tell the story well. Three years ago, I got extremely overweight, and it's not because I had an eating problem, but because I thought I had to in order to gain muscle. I didn't want to get fat, but I honestly had convinced myself that... It was just part of the process and that I was doing the things that others weren't willing to do. I just think that, there's just something about that. Three years ago, like this, probably the first like five to eight seconds. I think it's more visual. actually like the audio and what you said. But extremely overweight and it's not because I... Like even in that first part there, I think there's probably too much of a delay before you added the overlay, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's like people would watch this and then they would just scroll at that point because they're like, ah, , it's just some dude. I mean...
Michael Cui: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But even like that, you know what mean? When we come back to that, what was that? Well, I already know it. Okay. You want your dream body, but you don't want to make any food sacrifices. You don't want to eat beef. You mean... So goal without pain. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: We take... You know what mean? So even for this. What if you didn't? Three years. Yeah. Bro, let me take a guess. want broad shoulders. Bro, let me take a guess. want broad shoulders, a slim waist. And enough muscle, and enough muscle, and enough muscle, you're to have to crab walk through doors. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You have no clue where to start. But every time you try and stack on any mass, you just end up getting fat. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How do you know? How do I know that? Because I've been there.
Michael Cui: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, like... You know, so I'm going to teach you the exact mistakes. So I'm going to teach you the exact mistakes I made. So I'm going to show you the exact mistakes I made so you can avoid them. So I'm going to show you the exact mistakes I made so you don't have to end up, you know, morphing into big chungus or some  like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course. I think, like, I, like, structured that script, like, when I was, like, writing it out off of one of Madeline's videos. Yeah, in terms of, like, how, like, structured, like, the storyline of it. But, yeah, like, I understand what you mean. I'll probably do one of them this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. This girl, when you can find, like, she doesn't do heaps of them. But when you can find a voiceover, she does do quite well with them. I've spent a full 24 hours of eating with me while traveling from Amsterdam to Bali. Oh. By the way, you might say, my gosh, I'm so type B. Keeping your leg and glute day warm-up is what's keeping those glutes at deflated pancake status. However, I have good news for you, girls. Because if you're ready to go from deflated to inflated triple-leared birthday cake, then let me walk you through my warm-up for those glutes legs and to open up those hips. You know what mean? Yeah. Any questions?
Michael Cui: No, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: But I think the voiceovers are definitely looking clean. Like they're nice and engaging. You know, you speak at a good pace and everything like that. Yeah. deep. go like an extremely overweight. it's not because I... Nice, like, not like, you know, I can't, it's not like I can, it sounds like you're putting a deep voice or anything like that. It just sounds like authentically deep, which is good. So I definitely think that's coming up quite a lot.
Michael Cui: Perfect.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Beautiful. Coming to this. Got the carousel, yeah.
Michael Cui: I wrote something as well, like, down in that form. I feel like from all the ones that I've done, I feel like the carousels that are, like, more personal story about me, where, like, I, like, explain something that I have done or, like, anything like that, they always tend to do, like, a little bit better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Because you're always telling a story. Who did you use for reference for this?
Michael Cui: One of Declan's posts.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Michael Cui: I think he's one of the three things I wish I started doing sooner or some .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think what would be better, not better for you, like, you can definitely, a good thing about you is you can use both. Like, you came from a skinny kid, you know, you got a little bit, you know, fluffy and everything like that.
Michael Cui: So it's, like, you could use both. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? Um. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Jason Skyward. Yeah, cool. Yep, nice. I'd probably avoid these little full stops. Did you use Chatiputie to help write this?
Michael Cui: No, I just put the full stop in.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, fair. I think the thing here is, yeah, you probably didn't tell a story as much. You what mean? You're kind of documenting more. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, because I know, like, the ones in the past where I'd, like, say how, like, I remember I did one maybe, like, two, three weeks ago about, like, like, me when I was, like, skinnier and, like, why I started going to the gym or whatever the . And, like, that one did just a lot better.
Kyle Musca: This one?
Michael Cui: No, the one before that, I think. It'll be here somewhere. this one. You probably don't know this about me.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, see how that also encourages them to keep reading?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But you're telling a story.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's that, Jim, purely for validation. It's that, it's it's that, Jim, it's Jim, it's Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, it's that, Jim, it's Jim, I was thinking the layout's a bit cleaner. You're using a bit less wording than you did in the most recent one. Yeah, nice. You're telling a story. This is pulling someone in. And they can relate to it as well.
Michael Cui: It's more relatable. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yes, nice. Nice. I I think that's Great, great post overall. You you got your CTAs in there. You've got client transformations in there. You tell your story more. I think that's, yeah.
Michael Cui: Yeah, because I know, like, even, like, I realized as well, like, when I did, I did, like, a carousel. this one wasn't so much to do with, like, coaching or anything at the start of the year. Like, kind of like a, like, an end of 2025 kind of carousel. Just, like, a reflection on the year, kind of. Where I was, like, kind of more talking about, like, what I did that year or, like, what happened that year. And even, like, that just did better. I found that, like, it was just when I was, like, talking more about me and, like, what I've actually done or, like, what I personally have been through. I think, like, maybe it might be better if I try to, like, more of that and then kind of do what I did in that one where I'd, like, have, like, the testimonial stuff, like, wedged in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. I think that's the way to go for sure. So, yeah.
Michael Cui: I'm going run out of stories to tell soon, bro. You just repeat them, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: You just change them up. So it's like four things I wish I stopped doing sooner. You know, four things I'm trying to think about, like, I'm trying to think of saying, basically saying, like, four things I'd highly recommend every young gym, bro, every, four phases, I'd highly recommend every young gym, bro, skip, but we don't want to use the word young gym, bro, because that doesn't apply to the right type of person.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know, something maybe even, like, you know, I'm not in a super creative mindset right now, but, like, if how don't Here's four things. Here's four phases I'd highly recommend you skip if you're in your first one to two years of lifting.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then you could use whatever, like obviously dirty bulking. Just don't do it. You know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just keep it nice and simple.
Michael Cui: Something like that. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then even for like dirty bulking, for example, you could be like, you know, here's my client, you know, Jason, who stacked on five kilos of lean muscle without an additional fatty tissue.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You don't need to stuff your face just to gain mass.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Something like that. But overall, man, yeah, engagement's definitely, definitely picked up, which is fantastic. And it's looking, like if I come to your page, like I can very clearly see you're all about the gym. I mean, you got the... Zeke, got the reactions, you're getting the engagement now as well, which is fantastic. How are your stories looking?
Michael Cui: Haven't put any new ones up today yet.
Kyle Musca: You still trying to do the, like, you know, story polls and everything like that and the questionnaires and ?
Michael Cui: Yeah, I'll to, I'll definitely have to get more on top of that this week for sure. But yeah, definitely still trying to do them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just ask yourself questions on the questionnaire, like, honestly.
Michael Cui: Yeah, just answer them myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And then, like, try and gear them so you can't even plug, you know, client social proof in there. You know what mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Again, not in a creative mood, but let's just say, like, you know, to gain size, do I need to dirty bulk? Absolutely not. Eat in a moderate calorie surplus, high protein, train hard. This is my client, Jason, who gained. Okay. mean? Five kilos of lean muscle mass. Something like that. You know what mean? Something, again, always just looking at ways where you can kind of like plug it.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Okay. Are you doing the hard CTAs on your stories?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Beautiful. I think that one as well, like that most recent transformation view, I reckon that one did, like a bit better because of the  , like Snapchat, like thing at the start. Yeah.
Michael Cui: that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I reckon. I reckon. Do you have a lot of these videos?
Michael Cui: Yeah, I've got quite a few. Like I've got quite a few videos of like me back in the day.
Kyle Musca: Honestly, man, I would, I would go find some transmissions, like some reels or whatever, even if have to search them. Because you can use them for two parts. One, you can react to them if you wanted to. But two, you just grab the sound and do the same templated thing. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, kind of exactly what I did on this one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it clearly works. You know what mean? But again, with those, it's so critical that you have to get them up fast. You know what mean? As soon as you see a new trend that's popping off, it's like the video should be up that day.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'd even like, I don't know if you've done it, but I'd go grab all your, I'd have an album where it's all like content like this, for example, where it's all your, you know, early day stuff. And then I'd have the content. I mean, if you're constantly filming new content, you probably don't need an album specifically for it. But just so you can quickly get something up.
Michael Cui: You know what mean? Yeah, I have, I have like albums of like the stuff from like back in the day. I like have albums of like, all my videos and photos of like when I was fat as  and like  like that. Because yeah, it's just so much easier to like grab and draw.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I mean, they're definitely, yeah, so they work for you, man, and I reckon keep pumping them because they, you know, they're definitely a good way to sort of get your face and your name out there and everything like that. And I'm stoked that this actually got really good engagement. This probably should have been pushed harder, to be honest, like in terms of that engagement ratio to that view ratio. But, you know, you can't win them all, so.
Michael Cui: Yeah, and like the, um, the other like reaction there, like in between the  leg extension and the, like of the one of my leg, like, because of all the, like the shorter reactions I've done, I kind of let the video play and then I like pop in at the end. And then on that one, was like, , like I might try, like having me in it at the same time as the video playing, like the whole time to see if like it would work or if it just like Loki  the bed and it still did pretty decent.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would, um, I would also, I still really want to. You react to some of these, man.
Michael Cui: Yeah, I wrote that in the check-in that I've been, like, saving a few videos and stuff of that for me to do this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Because these, you know, people like you for these types of reels. Like, these are all, you know, these are the type of things that you can kind of, like, relate and, you be friendly or whatever the  you want to call it to viewers. But then, like, the science-based or the, you know, criticism videos, if that's what you want call them, whatever, they have a little bit more of an authority appeal about you. You know what mean? Yeah. So finding the balance. For me, for example, I don't know if we've covered this already, but I like to do one where I'm, like, you know, supporting someone in their weight loss journey. I'm making, like, a little bit more of a joke. And you can clearly see those ones go better, right? But it's, like, this one where I'm supporting someone who's, you know, on a journey or, like, you know, encouraging them or uplifting or whatever the  I'm doing. Still get decent engagement. Still get good engagement, right? Same as that. And then I'll have. My, like, criticism ones of people that are, like, promoting obesity and stuff are my little, a little bit more polarizing and controversial ones, you know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you can see the ones where I'm, like, making a joke usually always do much, much better.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, you know, something like this, for example, is something, I don't know if you've seen this video. Um, where it's, I'm actually talking about, like, a physique, um, I don't know how you explain this. It is, it's a little bit more of a critical polarizing video, but it's, it's very on the topic of, you know, physique and building muscle and, you know, what your physique should look like after five years of lifting.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because, like, at the end of this video, again, I don't know if you watched this, but I was, like, if you haven't seen progress after five years, if you haven't been able to build a pretty impressive physique after five years, like, get a coach, because what you're doing clearly isn't working. You know I mean? If say that, you know, that got  4,000 likes on it. I say get a coach and I'll have the CTA. Like if you're  struggling to see results, I'll help you, you know, whatever.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, you know, I don't know the exact  numbers I got out of that, but like I assume that I would have probably got a decent amount of people come through that one alone.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas for something like, you know, this, for example, you know, you know, I did twice as well. Again, I don't know the specific numbers of it, but I probably wouldn't have got as much out of it. You know what mean? Because I'm not talking about something that's actually value-driven.
Michael Cui: just talking .
Kyle Musca: You know mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I also think with the transformation videos and stuff like that, stuff like that is a law of association that happens as well. So if people start to, you know, associate you with crazy transformations or you with science-based lifting, for example, or, you know. Critiquing science-based lifting, whatever angle we go from. The association of it will be, you know, he, if I want help with this, that's the guy to help with, if that makes sense. So if I'm constantly reviewing transformations and stuff and someone wants their own transformation, like who do you think they're going to think of?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. Does all make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I think you've got the reaction, the funny reaction or the, like, high virality reactions you've got down. They're constantly or consistently doing well for us, which is fantastic. We just want to keep building on that. You've got these ones, same sort of thing. You're consistently getting good views on them, which is fantastic. Like, you can see how now we're starting to really identify what pieces of content are doing well for you. I think the only third piece of the podcast. Besides from the carousels, which we'll keep doing as well. The third piece of the puzzle for you, I think, would be a little bit more value-driven, but not in the form of education. Like you educate, you pepper it with education, don't get me wrong.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's not like you're, you're not talking about the how, you're talking about the what.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So like, even like in this video, you know, I don't know if you saw this one. This was basically just a transformation reaction video. And I was, it was, I come from like more of a, I think instead of like trying to educate, maybe come from like more of a motivational, inspirational type thing.
Michael Cui: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Because that's kind of the what, but it's not the how. Because I talk about like, if you want to , you know, um, change, then you like, you've got to make immediate change today. You can't keep doing the things that got you fat in the first place. Like balances. first place. You can't You A lie that you've been sold. Well, I can't remember exactly what I said. was something along those  lines. You know what mean? So it's like none of that is the actual how to actually do it. It's just like the what of what you actually need to do.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does it make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, man. Well, that's  awesome. So we just want to keep pumping on that. Come on, let's go to the content style. How are you going with the presentations?
Michael Cui: Yeah, good. So I like reformatted it and just like  fix it up a little bit, like visually. And I was trying to record it yesterday, but my loom was ,  me, bro. Like it like was stopping like halfway through or it wouldn't start. And it was just like, I don't know what's going on. I'll have to kind of delete it off of my computer and everything before I try it again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, sick.
Michael Cui: But like what you Like what you said, though. said, said, uh... Like when I asked you about it, I like I legit just did that. I fed that kind of basically through chat. And then I just spoke about like everything that I wanted to talk about. it came out like pretty decent. Like when I was reading it all, like it kind of covered everything that I wanted it to cover this week. So yeah, I'll do another one this week. And I reckon I might try and see if like chat will make the  slideshow. Otherwise, I'll just copy and paste it back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So everything I just sent you there, because I've been going on pretty ham, I'm building my like all up-to-date relevant ones. That's everything I put together over this last week for it.
Michael Cui: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, you'll have different things there. You'll have this master prompt at the top as well.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you know what, like, because I'm literally building my own one at the moment. Yeah, what I found is best is just go slide by slide and then speak into it. And basically, you know, this is how I want you to change it. And that sounds like you've done them well.
Michael Cui: When you record them, are you just kind of like speaking off the top of your head when you do them?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like I want these. So how I like these dot points to be like is enough juice for me to talk on. And I'll probably try and I'm writing it all out, probably a longer formatted one first, just so I have it. And then what I'm going to try and do afterwards is see if it can condense it down. But essentially, want to talk about, you want to look at the dot points as like the start that you can go on your own little tangent on. You know what mean? So right now, it's kind of a little bit probably too scripted. Like I don't need to go off on tangents with these because each dot point essentially covers exactly what I'm talking about. And this is really going to depend on what you want to do as well. I mean, if you just want to follow word for word and go through it, you know, it's probably more like this. But I kind of want to like have the topic and then I'll just talk off. Top of my head-to-head because I'm fine doing that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this is kind of how... Are you using ChatGPT or Claude?
Michael Cui: I'm still on chat.
Kyle Musca: Do you reckon Claude's better? Yeah, chat's just gone ... I don't know what they've done, but it's just not very good at creative writing or anything like that anymore. Claude is way better. Like you can see, I've been working with it back and forth, but it will actually build me this document and it'll actually build like Word documents and stuff.
Michael Cui: for me.
Kyle Musca: okay. So if you were going to try and create it through like a Canva thing, I'd probably say... I haven't tried it, but I'd say Claude would probably be better at doing that because Chat's just pretty  retarded.
Michael Cui: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, up to you, though. It's obviously whatever you prefer. Cool. A little content and push it out this week. Past week, but it works. I've got... don't what down part. I just need a case more of. I would love to see you get to the point where, especially with the voiceover and stuff, how long does it take you to sort of edit the voiceovers?
Michael Cui: They definitely take a bit longer at the moment just because like the process of how I do it, I like obviously I go to these people's pages, I find one, I like copy the structure in terms of like, especially the beginning, I copy like the structure of how they've started it. And then obviously like reword it so it's relevant to me. And then after all that, record it on, I use CapCut when I record it. And then I record it all first, I adjust all the audio first so that it's like, it kind of like rolls onto like the next line and then I chuck in all the videos after that. So at the moment, it does take like a decent amount of time depending on.
Kyle Musca: Okay, and then you're posting it, you're putting it into edits before you post it, or you're posting it through CapCut?
Michael Cui: I go through edits before I post it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, sick. Yeah, like, this isn't something, like, really understand it for yourself first and get it down pat correctly. I do think in future, though, again, like, once you've done that, it would be worthwhile to try and find an editor that can just sort of, like, you know, you just do the voiceover, essentially, and then just send it to him, and he has those files with all your different transmissions, all that , and then you can just put it together for you. Your life will become so much easier, and you'll be able to pump out so much more of them.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And to be honest with that, because you want them to edit in , like, CapCut or edits or something like that, probably wouldn't be a very expensive editor at all.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Editors are hit and miss, though. Like, you'll find one that's, like,  insane value, or you'll find them that just does the shittest edit possible.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, Chad GPT presentations. Gave me around work so much better. My fucker, yeah. Are you using the web version of Loom or the actual app?
Michael Cui: I tried both and they were both just  me.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's not right. Yeah, for the presentation, I used the actual  app.
Michael Cui: The web one sucks. And even like, even on Canva, like when you present, there's also like a separate like Loom thing there too.
Kyle Musca: That one also is  me. So I'm just getting like proper cunted. Yeah, I, I think when I did mine, I just downloaded them as presentations and then I did the app version and just loomed it. So that was a presentation. Yeah. That was great. When you store two time blocking, it still works awesome. The voiceovers definitely make longer in general. Take longer in general from finding infrastructure. We're, I get a lot of this is just like, because it's a relatively new thing too.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it comes down. Yeah. What we've been saying is just like, spend the time, play around it, really understand it properly for yourself, and then it will just get faster and more efficient as time goes on. Same as those reaction videos, you know, it took us a bit of time to trial and error and play around with it to see what works, and now we do understand what does work.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, even this one did well. Like, you're consistently getting, you know, nearly a thousand likes pretty much, not on all of them, but there's a solid amount where you are getting really good likes. So, 7 out 10. Did you turn out 2x posts this week? I feel like I had a good variety. Yeah, so, I mean, like, that's where I see these ones coming into play massively, because these, I assume, are pretty relatively easy to edit.
Michael Cui: Oh,  yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's so easy. Yeah, so it's like, you if you can get the voiceovers up to scratch where they're, like, you know, decent, you know, you could do three voiceovers a week, two carousers maybe. I'm not leaving you. You Do three , you could do two voiceovers a week, three reaction videos, five of those trendy, you know, video ones.
Michael Cui: I reckon that's probably a good structure for you. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you were going to post five days a week, you're to try and post seven days a week, then just obviously add numbers to that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course. I think like, yeah, like there was a period of time probably like three weeks ago where I reckon I was like consistently around like the twice a day kind of mark. and yeah, like it was kind of like I'd have maybe like across a week, seven videos that took a little bit more time. And then the rest of them were kind of like a lower effort, whether it was like the transformations or like a text on screen, kind of like that leg extension one I did or like reactions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. It's a line of finding quality and quantity, you know, where those two cross. Yeah. Yeah. That worked. Yeah. Shoot me a message once you actually post that because I'd be keen to check them out.
Michael Cui: The, oh yeah, the longer reactions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I actually want to change some questions in my chicken form to get better answers.
Michael Cui: What do you mean by that? I feel like a few of my questions are like a bit vague. Hang on, let me see if I can, oh, I can pull it off my phone.
Kyle Musca: As in for your clients' check-in forms?
Michael Cui: Yeah, like their weekly ones. I'd say like from both parts, like one, obviously, like for me to get better answers, but I'd say like second as well, maybe get like them to think about their week a little bit more and like there'd be more questions overall that I can pull like screenshots from.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Michael Cui: Because at the moment, like the only like real questions that I can kind of pull screenshots from and even then. And like some, like a lot of the time, especially recently, everyone's like relatively lazy with their responses there. And it's kind of the one, like one question I have is how's your progress been? How do you feel about my services? Any feedback is appreciated. And like, I'd say maybe seven times out of 10 people are like, good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. On that, I think probably not a check-in thing as much because, you know, check-ins, they're probably just trying to power through and everything like that. And they're just going to give you the key details of what they actually need help with. I would just send them a midweek, not a check-in, but a midweek like check-in message, I guess, where you basically ask a loaded question.
Michael Cui: Okay.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. So it's like, you know, hey brother, how are you traveling? Like it's been six weeks on the program. How have you been finding everything so far?
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So I like, I do like a midweek check-in message with like everyone, but I think I just, yeah, I don't like do it like that. kind of just like, hey bro, like how's the week been kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Ask a loaded question. You can do it as a broadcast message to everyone like at once. If it's obviously not super specific. Yeah. Essentially, I think, yeah, you're probably not going to get the answers you want out of the check-in form there as much. Um, yeah. You can definitely add like, you know, what has been a win in this week, you know, be detailed, celebrate your wins or something like that. Yeah. Try to attract them a little bit more, but even then they might not do it. Um, but I would, yeah, that's just coming down to adding personalization, asking a personalized question.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Especially if you know someone is doing well, you know what mean?
Michael Cui: Of course, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, and one thing I've noticed even with, you know, this. I've noticed. His coaching stuff is just ask them, just be like, hey, you know what mean? Like, you know, when you have wins and stuff like that, can you please just shoot them through to me? One, to celebrate your wins, but I'd love to sort of reshare them as well. Again, just making the actual ask. People won't do it unless you ask.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How's the community coming along?
Michael Cui: Yeah, it's doing, it's doing like better. Like, I'm just still pushing in stuff. I'm going to figure out this week something else to do, like for the Friday. Because like you said last week, like the , the wins and everything are great. But like, there probably should be something else in there that drives a little bit more engagement from everyone else.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think like Friday food  or like Friday flex or something like that. Drop your best, you know, gym picture for the week.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Encourage them to actually, yeah. Encourage them to actually send something through.
Michael Cui: Yeah. And yes, that's definitely something I'll want to look at this week and get that sorted for sure. Because I reckon like once I have the structure and everything with that there, like I reckon I'll be so sweet.
Kyle Musca: With new clients as well, I definitely get in the habit of telling them to introduce themselves in the group chat because that will break the ice of them actually chatting.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So new people will just think that's the norm. And then if someone says like welcome or like, especially if they say like welcome, you're in good hands or something positive, send them a personalized message and be like, hey, I just want to, you know, say thank you for that. You know, as you know, I'm sure you could probably remember making this decision can be feel a bit daunting to some people. Yeah. Like seeing a message like that from someone else in the team would just be, you know, you know, whatever.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Time management, biggest challenges, time management between gym, walks, work, managing existing clients, and filming videos. It's not much in the grand scheme of things, I just have to be more efficient. Yeah. Loom just  me for two days. Quite good, I feel like I covered everything now, I could do more of what I'm currently doing. So I film all my short reaction first, and then they're easy, so I always think I'll do them later. Yeah, and then I end up doing... Yeah, so with that as well, it's kind of like, that's the mindset of like, I'll do it later, but I'll do it later means you're never going to get it  done. Yeah, I'm sure your mom was something that was like, wash the dishes, and you're like, I'll do it later, and then you  get in trouble because you didn't wash the dishes. Yeah, mean, like, same thing, and you'll see that this is probably a thing that's coming up a lot in other aspects of your business as well. Like, for example, like I know, and this is something I'm actively working on and being better at, is someone will send me a win or something like that, and I'll be like, I'll post it later. like, Thank It's like, you forget about it, you you're not posting it later. So it's like, if you see a win, like you're doing a check-in, someone's made really good progress, whatever the case is, it's like, get that up there and then, you know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, in terms of filming the content and stuff, yeah, prioritize it, get it done first. Always, I also think like, have like one or two very specific tasks, the most important tasks you need to do each day. Very, very top of mind. Because it's like, you know, I don't care what happens, I don't care how busy I get, don't care, you know, what pops up, or if everything goes to , I know I need to get this thing done before I can wrap things up. And then just make sure that it's the most productive task you can possibly do, obviously.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Yeah, awesome. you. Thank you. And then, I'm keen to see how you go. When do you reckon the lead magnet will be ready to actually use?
Michael Cui: The presentation.
Kyle Musca: Like a film. Is it just the filming part now and then you're good?
Michael Cui: Yeah, it's basically done. I just got to go through it. So I'm going to  delete all this loom  off my thing and then just try it again. Like, yeah, probably today. And otherwise, yeah, it'll be done by like end of the day.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, as soon as you got it done, like chuck it up in your story. I just filmed. What's the topic of it again?
Michael Cui: This one's progressive overload.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Been getting heaps of questions about maybe something like doing the pain a little bit more. Been getting heaps of people messaging me about hitting plateaus. I just made this video explaining exactly how to break past plateaus and maximize muscle growth.
Michael Cui: made good. We're good. Thank Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, swipe up to the store with a fire emoji, and I'll send it through to you. Something super  easy. Or if you want to tap the sticker, you know, something even easier.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Doesn't that make sense? Yeah, and then you just start conversation off the back end of that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Coming in here. Have you updated this?
Michael Cui: Yeah, just moved. Well, I just moved that to the end.
Kyle Musca: Have we spoken about keeping that in there for a specific reason?
Michael Cui: Yeah, well, you're kind of like, you can move it to the end or you can just delete it.
Kyle Musca: I would probably get rid of it.
Michael Cui: Okay.
Kyle Musca: All your clients are Australian, basically, yeah.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would get rid of it just because a lot of people don't know the Instagram handle. So you're probably missing out on a fair few people because of that. Because, again, when you have to open it in Instagram on your phone, it opens it up in Instagram.
Michael Cui: So to get out of it to check, I have to fully delete the form and redo everything. I'm like, I'm not doing that. it.
Kyle Musca: So I think you can keep the fat loss one at the end. But, I mean, at the start, I reckon get rid of the Instagram handle. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Didn't realize that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I reckon just get rid of that one.
Michael Cui: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. What are your hard CTAs looking like? I don't think they've actually popped up on my feed. To be fair, I never  check stories, so they won't.
Michael Cui: I truly could have. Let me whip off the most recent one. Let's see what I said. said. Let's see I Let's what I said. Oh, my most recent one was like, like transformation-based. Like you, you saw that one and you were like, make a video about it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Michael Cui: That was the most recent one. Majority of them, I feel like a majority of the ones I do are transformation-based as in like, there's a transformation on screen.
Kyle Musca: Try to, try to do one without, try to, yeah. So usually like Sunday, Monday, I'll do one without transformation and then Thursday, I'll do a transformation one. But to be honest, I don't have the exact numbers on this, but like I'd almost, I almost feel like just from what I've seen, I usually get more off the one without, strangely enough.
Michael Cui: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Have a look here. Yeah, so I posted one yesterday and, you know, seems to have got this guy booked in. But then the last one I would have posted would have been Monday, so it's Friday. So that would have been, what, four days ago?
Michael Cui: Yeah, so four days, four days, three days, three days, three days.
Kyle Musca: So technically, these five could have come from the start of the week one.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And the start of the week one, I don't do  a transformation on it. So these are how I look. me pull them up. Now with these, I actually got the framework I can send you as well. There's different angles that I come from. So this one is like more of a physical attribute one. You know what mean? It's like pain points and stuff are always good. good. Do Yes. End dream outcomes and  are good to lean on but like I feel like you have to get them into more they definitely work in the marketing side of things but I feel like you have to get them into the conversation more before you can really start twisting that knife just to spark curiosity I find sometimes just using physical attributes of like wanting to cut fat build muscle and get six pack abs is the main thing there I'm looking for 12 men again still adding tangibles I'm looking for 12 men who want to shred 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks. All right by the end you'll be leaner stronger and then dream outcome you'll be leaner stronger and feeling like a completely new man if you're DM me six pack and I'll show you a system I've used to help over a thousand other men cut then 10,000 kilos of fat. So yeah it's super tangible the whole way through 12 men shred 10 kilos 12 weeks um a thousand men 10,000 kilos of fat yeah um this one I think these two are the best performing ones for actual ads at the moment these two. So, and this is probably what I would do for yours, right? Is when you post it, I'm looking for X amount of lads. So you might do, I'm looking for two lads or two people, whatever you, I obviously do men, so lads, you say whatever. I'm looking for two people to start this week. You know, depends if you post it on Monday. Yeah, could still do it, adding urgency and scarcity. I'm looking for two people to start this. I'm looking for two people who want to cut, you know, 8 to 10 kilos of fat over the next 90 days without pain, without extreme diets or excessive cardio. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you could be like, I'm looking for, you know, if you're going to muscle gain, I'm looking for two people who want to stack. All right. Thank I've six to eight kilos of lean muscle over the next 12 weeks without dirty bulking and getting unnecessarily fat. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then it's more of a plan. I'll give you the structure, guidance you need to get better results than you ever thought possible. And of course, give you a kick in the  if you start slacking off. So with these as well, always only try and cover like one or maybe two things properly. Don't start talking about custom training programs and all that , right? Because no one really cares about that. Just by saying structure, that's included custom training programs, meal plans,  XYZ. Right? And this is the kind of people I'm trying to target is people that need structure, guidance, accountability, which you can kind of group into one topic. You know what mean? If you're keen to learn more, dear me lean, I'll show you how to do it. Now, the other thing. thing is with the CTA, I always like to go in with like non-commitment terminology. You know what mean? If you're keen to learn more, Demi Lean, I'll show you how I've been able to help over a thousand men. It's not like Demi  Lean and I'll have you. I mean, you can say I'll have you started by Monday and stuff like that if you wanted to go for that because there are some people that might be more responsive to that deadline.
Michael Cui: Deadlines work really, really well. I agree.
Kyle Musca: All right, so you could, I mean, try different things. So there's that one. Also, keep in mind again how tangible that is. 12 lads, 8 to 12 kilos, 90 days, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You're getting a thousand men there. Same as this. Working long hours and sick of letting your health take a backseat. I'm looking for 12 men who work 40 plus hours a week and want to drop 8 to 12 kilos in the next three months. So  tangible. They know exactly what they can hope to expect.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, because they're working, you know, a lot, they're obviously struggling with structure or they need routine or whatever. I'll build all the structure and systems you need to succeed. I'll adjust your plan based off your schedule and make sure you get the best results possible.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm just solving that one very specific problem of them working 40 hours a week.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: While also saying, like, if they're working 40 hours a week, they're highly qualified.
Michael Cui: They should have a decent amount of income. Of course.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So, you know, you don't need to necessarily do that, but just so you're aware. A lot of people, like, try and target higher income earners by saying, like,  corporate men and  like that or, you know, just real, you know, cringy marketing terminology. It sounds very either, you know, sales of your AIE.
Michael Cui: So, it's like 40 hours a week.
Kyle Musca: You you could be a corporate. You could be doing a trade. You could be  night shift work. You could be a teacher. You could be doing whatever. You it still applies to everyone. Yeah. But it only applies to people working 40 hours a week. If you're a  part-time, you know, barista working 10 hours a week, it's like, I don't want you to talk to me. That's not going to attract them, know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what I've got for that as well. Come back to that later. Yeah, so this one. So this has those, this is literally built off those graphics that I did because I just wrote them from scratch. I didn't really want AI influence on them. And you'll see that there's like the actual framework and then underneath it is an example, right? So specific demographic, age, lifestyle, occupational, life stage, who wants specific measurable goal. So for example, men in their 30s and 40s who want to strip 10 to 20 kilos of fat without turning their life upside down. This is... For you in the right place. I always like to add like a little bridging thing. This is for you, right? Who they are, what they've tried, excuses starting over. I'm looking for 12 guys who are fed up going in circles and want to finally make real progress. So when I made this, I told, I obviously used AI to make the framework and I told it to like reword it so it's not the same as mine. So people couldn't just copy it. You get the point, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'll share that with you and that should help you build those frameworks a little bit more.
Michael Cui: Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: How many guys do you feel like have, or clients do you feel like have good transformations at the moment? Or like are making good progress on your team?
Michael Cui: I'd say like 9 or 10.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Man, you should have heaps of social proof going up on your stories.
Michael Cui: Yeah. If you do like at least three a week minimum, probably even four a week, by the time you get back to the, you know, the first one you post, I'm not going to  remember you posted. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like the only time I ever remember, and I'm sure you're probably the same, a coach posting a client is if they're posting them basically every single day and there's something to actually remember about them. Yeah. Like maybe they're , you know, fat or something like, I don't mean to say fat, but like maybe they are very overweight and they're just like a, you know, a person that you can look at. And especially if you're seeing them every  day, you will remember who they are. But even that's not that bad because it shows that. They're on a journey. You know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And people will follow along with your journey. So it's like, I mean, if you post one, you could post one week one, you know, 10 kilos dropped for my boy, Adam. And then, you know, week two, post another one. Another kilo dropped in a week for my boy, Adam, 11 kilos total. Yeah.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, still tell a story because people, even if they do remember it, they'll remember it for a positive reason.
Michael Cui: Of course. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I definitely think utilize that more. And then just, again, ask those loaded questions to extract better responses from them. So you can also use that as such a quick, because if you've got transmations got up in your store all the  time, you've got people telling you how great your service is and everything like that.
Michael Cui: People that are watching and going be like, , this guy's killing it. Yeah. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Sweet, bro. Cool, man. Is there anything else you want to touch base on?
Michael Cui: Um, nah, I think that's, that's pretty much it. I reckon. Oh yeah. This week is. Well, I reckon I'll message, like, everyone that was, like, a past client as well. Just, yeah, just, like, I guess, like, restart the conversations there. Do something for April, man.
Kyle Musca: Do be like, you know, I'm running a special offer. If you rejoin before April, you know, I'll give you a month of coaching free or some . Like, make up your own offer, whatever. But, yeah, have a, again, have a deadline or have an urgency as to why they should rejoin now.
Michael Cui: Of course. Yeah, yeah, no, for sure. I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: Again, even with your CTAs, that's probably what I would also do on your Sunday, Monday CTA. I'm looking for, you know, four people to, you know, start. But I'm looking for four people who are looking to strip, you know, let's just say  10 kilos over the next 90 days and ready to start before April. yeah, yeah, yeah, Or to start on April or some  like that. Again, just use that actual timeframe, that deadline as a point of urgency for them to actually take action on it.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Otherwise, yeah, man, stoked to see your content's really starting to pick up some traction. So again, just remain consistent there. And now I just want to see that third piece of the puzzle being added, a little bit more value-driven content on top of the content you're already kind of doing. VoiceOver is a great for value. Which is fantastic. Reaction videos that you're doing currently are great for. Obviously, if you're using engagement, I'd love to see some reaction videos that get your personality into it a little bit more about, yeah, getting the value side of things. And you'd have a really strong foundation.
Michael Cui: Yeah, for sure. Easy, guys.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. All right, man, I will chat to you soon. Enjoy the rest of the week. Enjoy your weekend. And I'll chat to you soon. Yeah, perfect. You too. Thank you.


>>> 136/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-25T06:00:53Z | id:132588187
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: How's things? This meeting is being recorded. I'm tired.
Meg Tovey: I haven't got  eaten today. This is my first thing I've eaten and I've had two coffees.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no idea.
Meg Tovey: No idea.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. Well, in that case, we'll dive into things. How has this week gone overall?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, good. So good. Playing the ads. I would love, because I have not had the time, if we could, unless you have something else that you think we need to do instead, go over the conversations. Because, like, whilst we're getting heaps of call bookings, which is amazing, I actually can't really fit any more in, the percentage of, like, calls booked to leads is not very high. And so, like, we're getting... A lot because there's a high volume, but I think the setters could be converting better.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: It's not high compared to normal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So let's, let me find this. Did you fill out the check-in form?
Meg Tovey: No. Sorry.
Kyle Musca: Did you fill out the SSEO? That's up to date. Okay. So let's open that up.
Meg Tovey: Also, I, because my focus is on CAC, including all the expenses, I've been changing, you'll see on the top left, I've put what that top number includes.
Kyle Musca: Right. So it's, I'll hang on.
Meg Tovey: I've got tab sheet two. Has got just the ad spend if we ever need it. But I wanted to combine it because like at the end of the day that I need, yeah, I need to know if I can scale it from like full, like all the expenses, not just ad spend.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what I would probably do in that case is maybe even try and like add, and this might be a of a  around, but probably add like another section under here where it's total CAC.
Meg Tovey: Like just because otherwise that will skew kind of the ad metrics, if that makes sense. Does it really matter though?
Kyle Musca: Because like. It will from like a, like if you're including every cost involved here, then it's like the cost per lead and all those costs will actually be like, they'll be skewed.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, but like it is, that's the real cost per lead.
Kyle Musca: Not from the ads.
Meg Tovey: Like it's the total. Yeah, get what you mean. But like, do we need that data for anything? Other than vanity metrics on meta?
Kyle Musca: Well, we want to see what your actual cost per lead is from an ads perspective, like purely, just because that will just sort of set a baseline on how well the ads are actually performing. If that's, let's say if it's like $40 as a typical number and then we're adding total CAC involved in that and that brings it up to $50 or $60, then it's like, okay, then that can give, it can, I guess, cause a bit of confusion if the ads are really performing. The way that we want them to, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm all for recording that. Even if you just duplicated the sheet and just had two different tabs and one was including CAC and one was just pure ad spend or something like that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I did want to just get a row added, but I, my spreadsheet guy's not replied.
Kyle Musca: I've emailed him twice in like the last week. So, and I didn't want to  with the spreadsheet and I don't want to fill out two spreadsheets. Yeah. Yeah, I would, yeah, if you've got someone that can do that. Yeah. I would just, when we want data, we just want like clean data. So it's like, we're going to add CAC in, absolutely, that's fine. It's just like, we don't want that pulling other metrics away from like, if we're just looking at purely ad, for example.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. I can change that. I did save all the, if you've gone that sheet too, it's got all the ads spend, so I can easily pop it back in when the new column is added.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. Are we looking at this week here?
Meg Tovey: Well, I just noticed like 11% and 21% is lower than the previous week. I mean, I guess it's way lower leads. I don't know. It was just, this one was orange and I was like, assume that means it should be a bit higher.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we can definitely review conversations. This week. Yep. Do you know what it is this week?
Meg Tovey: This is this week, P. Also, this is three, actually. But I haven't got the data in for this week.
Kyle Musca: Oh, so this is, yeah.
Meg Tovey: So this is Monday. I mean, sorry, I do this on Monday next week. So it's like full accurate. So this is last week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, some, some people do it the opposite where it's like, no. So this week is, these two weeks essentially will be this week. So from the 23rd to the 30th.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Oh, sorry. I'm looking on my screen, not yours. Let me just open yours up. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's this week. Okay. Cool. Yeah. Some people do it the opposite. So, okay. That makes sense. Okay. Cool. So, I mean, booking to lead ratio definitely looks like it's improved regardless.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What if, I mean, a few things could be.
Meg Tovey: I just haven't even reviewed the messages, I guess. So I don't know if I'm, like, I don't even know if it is a problem that we need to fix or not, but I just thought I'd mention it. It's the only thing that I've got on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so in saying that as well, the cost per booking has come down quite a lot.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I think that would just come down to volume overall and coming through, which is fantastic.
Meg Tovey: The quality of the leads are just, like, I cannot express how much better they are. It's .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we've got really, really high clothes rates. Everything's looking really healthy. So it's, like, right now we're just – what I would probably start – when is your challenge launch again?
Meg Tovey: Well, the 30th, but, like, none of these people have even mentioned the challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, what you could always do – what could always hasn't什么. I think it's just because you've, you've, you've, the challenge is good, obviously, because it adds the deadlines and the scarcity and everything like that. But I think you've just spoken to women who haven't seen anything that's been genuinely targeted towards them.
Meg Tovey: You know what I mean? Yes. The feedback I'm getting, like, when I ask that question that's at the start of the script of this, like, on the calls about what kind of stood out or resonated most with you, they all say, like, two things. One, that it's the first time they've seen something that's for, like, women who have 20-plus kilos to lose, and they're like, I see so many of these, like, 5, 10-kilo shreds or whatever. And also then, which this isn't probably the ads side of it, maybe more when they come onto the page of, like, feeling like we understand life and that it's safe and that kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think that's definitely a key takeaway from this is that our messaging should probably always, or. It be for women specifically who need to lose more than 20 kilos. And you've been getting people that have been saying that the organic content and everything like that has made them feel more comfortable as well.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, cool. Posting organic stuff tends to work. Okay, cool. We'll go back. I don't want do any too recent, just in case they don't need conversations. What I'll do is add this as well.
Meg Tovey: Before... I have one other thing too that Rhys mentioned. Do you want me to tell you now or after this?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, go.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Um, because I said something about... Oh, wait, I wrote my notes. Oh, just the, like, exit, the early exit rate is significantly higher than it's ever been before. And I think a big part of it is because these people obviously come in cold. They don't know our story, our brand, like, we really are just, like, the result, like, the service, right? And so he suggested we run a low-cost campaign that's just towards clients that has videos of that. And there's, like, no way really to go. It's just, like, us sharing client results and, like, our brand values and mission and that kind of .
Kyle Musca: So a couple of things here. You're talking about clients, obviously, that have converted into actual clients, active clients, and they just drop off?
Meg Tovey: They want I'm a couple of weeks in.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So.
Meg Tovey: And just to preface, I genuinely don't think we could change anything from a service perspective.
Kyle Musca: So, okay. And now when we're talking about this, do you have your lifetime value of your actual cost, like average cost that a client spends or spend of a client?
Meg Tovey: Well, I've got the, um, obviously the minimum six month term, but do you mean the true LTV?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. So this is one of the things I just asked my spreadsheet guy to fix up because on my spreadsheet where I track all this stuff, it's got LTV, but it's really inaccurate because some of the clients have been on board for like  eight years. So it's like skewing the data. So I've asked him to do a couple of different metrics and one of them is, um. Well, it's not necessarily LTV, but I could calculate that. But it's the kind of retention rate in weeks from like capped at 52 and then anyone who goes beyond that. And then it's excluding people who haven't yet seen out the minimum term, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I guess there's a lot of nuance there because like, again, a real vanity sort of thing I see is like people talk about LTVs in duration. But it's like you need to actually understand the spend because it's like if someone spends more in three months than someone else's client does in six months, then it doesn't really matter. Like it matters, obviously, but it's like that's, you know, it's all good and well to say like my clients stick around for 180 days. But it's like if you're spending more to keep them on and people are going to drop off anyway, then it's like, well, that's not, again, that's a vanity thing. It feels good, but it's not the true data. So I definitely, and it's easy to get like true LTV, just get your VA or whatever. If you don't have the actual figure to go past like all the last, you know, however many clients you want that expired and just get them to actually mark down on a spreadsheet their total spend. So for me, for example, every time a client cancels, I just come and fill this out. So it's one of those things that you just do over time.
Meg Tovey: I do have this on a spreadsheet, like I'm looking at it. But the only thing is on this spreadsheet, if someone changes service, it treats it like, and I've since changed this, but like obviously there's a lot of previous data that wasn't this way. It's like treating it as a new person. So it's like skewing the data. And a lot of people do that.
Kyle Musca: Like a lot of our clients stay on for a long time and then they downgrade to training only. Yeah, so I would just, do you manually put that or is that an automation?
Meg Tovey: An automation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just manually do it. It takes like two seconds to do I don't know. You have to go on a new Air Zoom or whatever to cancel them anyway. So it's like you want to sort of drag the figure over. Or set up an automation or something like that where, I mean, as long as you're really getting their high-ticket LTV, you know what mean?
Meg Tovey: LTV is not even, like, you're not including people that are active, so it's not accurate.
Kyle Musca: But you can only get someone's LTV once they cancel because otherwise it's not lifetime value.
Meg Tovey: What about all your clients that have stayed, like, well and truly beyond that, the amount these people have stayed?
Kyle Musca: Well, I include them into this. So if you come down here, there are some outliers that will be in there. But it's like that still goes into average lifetime value because then if you have someone that does pull out after, like, if you're going to exclude someone who's been on there for, like, three years, then by that means you might as well exclude someone who's only been on for two weeks, for example, because their lifetime value is going to be an outlier, unless it's going to be extremely common. But for that. So what I've done now is if they didn't finish it at like an hour and it is here, I just put it off to this subsection so it doesn't fully skew that. So it's like, again, it just comes down to how clean you really want the data.
Meg Tovey: Like if you're going to have these outliers, I'd still track it.
Kyle Musca: So like for you, for example, maybe do a 52-week LTV and then you have, you know, anyone that was under maybe six weeks or something like that. And anyone that was over 52 weeks can go on a different column. If that makes sense. Because it's still a lifetime value. Like it's very easy to get caught up on the negatives of like, yes, you'll have those annoying clients that do want to pull out after three weeks. But then you'll also have those really good clients that do stick on for five years.
Meg Tovey: You know what I mean? Can I show you the spreadsheet that we've got like our cancellation spreadsheet? Because I guess what's the purpose of getting this info? Obviously, it's important info. But I mean, what do you want it for so I can fully understand how to present it?
Kyle Musca: So in terms of the lifetime value. That just obviously goes into comparison with, you know, how much can we actually spend to acquire a client on? And that's why we want the average, you know what mean? Because it's like, you know, if you get dozens or even hundreds of people, you know, clients through, you will have some outliers and yes, but that's not going to like massively skew the data, if that makes sense. Unless you're getting  heaps of them, then they wouldn't be outliers. And the reason we want that is so we can see like, you know, if my LTV is two and a half grand, for example, then, you I can comfortably spend $500 to acquire that client. If I need to spend $1,000, I can do that to weather a storm, essentially.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: again, that's why I'm not a huge fan of going off like time duration, because that doesn't really tell us anything.
Meg Tovey: No, I've been basing the CAC, like targets off the 3360, which is the minimum term if they don't early exit, because like, it's not, it is a few, but it's. It's a massive amount, like it's the blue ones. We only started this cancellation spreadsheet in, is that July? Wow, my brain is not working. Yeah, July last year. So now that I'm actually looking at it, there's not really that many early exits, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, to be honest, like that's something I've seen Reese do a bit is like talk about duration. And, you know, Jess DiBortola came to me and I did the math and it's like, yeah, she was like, said the exact same thing. And said to me and I did the math and I was like, for you to, she's like, I dropped back to like 80 or 90 bucks a week, whatever she charged, because people weren't staying long enough. And I did the math and the client would have had to stay for an extra three months to bring in the same amount of money. So 50% longer. And even with that, the coach's expenses on top of it would have chewed into over $300 of actual profit.
Meg Tovey: Nah, he hasn't been saying that to me, because we have just focused on else. LTV to, like, to CAC, like the ratio, because, and I've just based the LTV off the minimum term amount, not off the actual LTV, which I feel like it would be somewhat similar, but I'm, yeah, I guess I'm in the process, I can get the LTV, I could probably, yeah, I guess do what you've done, I could just add an extra column and get Angela to fill that out when someone cancels, that would be easy, and she could backdate all of these. But my LTV to CAC, like, true CAC, is lower than I think it should be to be able to, like, I guess, go ham on the ads. Otherwise, I mean, the last few weeks have been lit, so it's different, if we can keep it like this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, time-wise and duration is obviously an important thing to measure, but, like, if you're going to talk about LTV, it should be the average total spend. And yeah, no, I'm not talking about time at all. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: That's the spreadsheet from that. was talking about before. That's the only, um, I don't actually know why I brought that up now that I'm thinking about it. I don't know why I was talking about weeks because I do on that same spreadsheet, there's like a hundred tabs and one of them is LTV, but it's just not accurate. Cause like I said, it's like, if someone downgrades it, treat some of the new client. So I'll do that. I'll get her to add a column and then that will give accurate LTV for canceled clients. It just won't give LTV for active clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I just track one, just to keep it simpler and cleaner. Um, I just track once they actually leave. Um, and then yeah, to answer, yeah, to your question, it's like one, yes. You want to know how scalable your ads are. Um, the two other things I really like about knowing LTV, um, and CAC ratio and everything is, one, to be able to strong arm other people out of competition. You know what mean? So again, if you're. If LTV cost-wise, spend-wise is like $2,500,000, let's say, then you can spend, again, $500,000, even $1,000,000. could technically spend, realistically, if you've got really bad, $2,500,000 to acquire a client just to sort of, you know, like a very, very bad example. Whereas if someone's LTV was like $1,200,000 because they charging $100,000 a week, for example, you know, as soon as they get to, you know, $500,000 or whatever, even close to what you can spend on a client, they start running very, very thin. So you can just sort of, that will help you, especially if you get fluctuations of, you know, people get like, want to get into ads and then, because ads work on an auction, for example. So it's like, that's where your lead cost might go up is if there's a lot of people auctioning for the same sort of audience, then it's like, you know, who's willing to be able to spend more and you'll be able to just strong arm people out. That's why I like going down the, not high, high ticket route, but making sure you do have the profit margins to be able to comfortably do that. And then also to be able We've to weather storms if something happens for multiple different reasons. Like, for example, with the fuel crisis and everything like that that's going to hit Australia, right, people are probably going to be more conscious about their spending. So it's like if you've got a higher LTV, you can weather those storms a lot better than other coaches will be able to if they just, you know, are going down the cheaper route.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And unfortunately, that is sometimes that happens with marketing when you're testing and trialing certain things. You've got to see if things do work or don't work, and sometimes they don't work, but you can still weather a storm from those clients you do get from it, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Also, I just randomly thought of this because of the fuel thing you just said. One of the people in last week on my CEO thing pulled out, and she was like, it was Monday morning. I signed her up Friday afternoon, and, like, I was like, in my experience, it's been a   show to do. Try and get too much out of them because we've got the early exit clause which is like they've got to pay in they can do it in the first four weeks and they're going to pay 50% of the remaining contract but to be able to actually get 50% of the remaining contract is like pulling teeth. So I've just done that thing that you suggested in like being like oh we've been back and forth well Angela does it but back and forth and pay smart and they wanted this and we've been able to get it down to this. But then I've just taken it out of the CEO thing because I'm like obviously it's like massively different with the sales like instead of three and a half grand it's three grand. So I don't know if I should be doing that or just leave it in there.
Kyle Musca: And yeah you can because again that will clean up the data.
Meg Tovey: Take it out?
Kyle Musca: Yeah because they're like their contract value won't be obviously the same anymore because they're pulled out. If you're going to do that though you could technically add whatever their total spend was into the cash collected.
Meg Tovey: Oh yeah yeah yeah okay.
Kyle Musca: Um, it depends on how often that is again, because it's like, you can focus on, you know, cause you're the business owner. So you're dealing with all the   jobs and stuff like that. It can be very easy to start focusing on like a small, you know, category of negatives when realistically there's a lot, much larger pool of positives, for example. So it's like, you might have clients that have been on for five years and I'm sure you probably know who they are if you thought about them, but your attention is always on the people that are pulling out after three weeks.
Meg Tovey: You know what mean? Yeah. Well, actually that's something that I was talking to Lauren, like my head coach about the other day, because I feel like I am in that space because we're getting more people cancelling, not even early exits. Cause as I just looked, there's actually not as many as I thought, but there are, um, a lot that I guess cancel. And then they accept that they have to pay out the minimum term. So they're outside of the four week window. So Angela doesn't even offer a cancellation thing. She just says we can actually new cancellation from the end of the midterm. And they're like, yeah, okay, whatever. But I don't have any way to track. Maybe that's why I wanted my spreadsheet guy to update the retention thing because I am just focusing on all these  cancellations rather than like who's staying on. Because the two main metrics I'm looking at at the moment are how many sales are we getting and how many people are cancelling. But I'm not able to really see clearly who's staying past the minimum term.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what you could do there is do you have the active client sheets?
Meg Tovey: I have my own. That's like a big built-out spreadsheet. So I probably would like to build it into that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, yeah, you can add similar concepts. But basically, like I have something like this. It's all my active clients, my coaches, and stuff like that. The program they went on, when they started, when their technical program were at an end. So you could just add columns here, especially if you wanted to add an active LTV, for example. Well, could add that into something like this. So like every time your VA goes through an update, she just updates how much they've spent so far and how long they've actually been on if you wanted to assess that data.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you might even want to just add a, you know, you could add a simple drop-down box here that basically says like still within contract length or out of contract length. So you can get a ratio of how many clients are within contract and out of contract, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. I think that's similar to what he's doing if he replies. So hopefully.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The way I think of data is like I wouldn't, one, yeah, definitely track the main ones, the most important ones, but keep it simple and clear at the same time.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. No, I definitely, the only, I guess, metrics are ones that there's been a reason why I've wanted that metric.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And you, and you. Pick that up with time. Like that's the thing with data is like, if it becomes an issue, then just like add it into something. And then, you know, obviously either, depends how urgent it is. Like if it's like a cancellation thing, I just do that over time. If it's something you're like, I really need to see what's happening right now. there's urgency around it. Just get a VA to go backlog, whatever it is.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I just, um, it was more an emotional thing. I was like, I feel like I'm being so negative about like, and I don't want that to like come across to my coaches either without evidence to back it up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Mindful of like, if I'm going to come to them with a problem, it can't be an emotional one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's something, it's just the joy of being a business owner. You're going to deal with all the  jobs. So you're going to have like a lot of good things happening in your business, but you're just going to be always looking at the negative. So it's really important to like understand that. Um, and not kind of like let it, well, one, let it impact you to react emotionally. And then three, again, if it is problem, collect the data. You can actually have a logistical insight to it.
Meg Tovey: But, yeah, last week was so good. Well, last three weeks, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, I think definitely got the messaging down, Pat, now. That's something I've been, like, really focused on the last couple of months is just, like, how can I weed out all the  time wasters?
Meg Tovey: Even with, like, my setup because we've got no times left for this, like, between now and Friday. She's like, can I start booking them in on Saturday? Because I, like, get her to ask me before. I'm like, yeah, but only if they're working full-time. I'm not  wasting my time on a Saturday with someone who's part-time or not working.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Sad days, like, when I was taking calls heaps, I always found sad days were the shittest days for sure, right? So, I kind of even just stopped doing it because of that reason.
Meg Tovey: But, yeah. I did. I had three and signed three last weekend. Oh, no, that was actually on Sunday. I was meant to do it on Saturday and then had to go to the hospital.
Kyle Musca: oh. Oh, no. Oh, perfect. Let me.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah. So what do you think about that idea that Rhys had about the content for?
Kyle Musca: Oh, right. Yeah. It's an increase. So, I mean, it's like a little bit of an unnecessary. Sorry, if you're going to do that, I'll probably create more of an internal course or something so you don't have to put actual ad spend on it. You know what mean?
Meg Tovey: You have a course. So open to your suggestions because they go through the course, but it doesn't have anything about brand.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would. Yeah, I would probably make like a basically a brand. would just call it like a culture or something like that or our story or something because you don't need to spend. There's no point of spending ad spend and then retargeting. And again, they're on like, you know, if they're on social media, they're probably doing scrolling and stuff like that. You know, they want to unwind. They're probably. We don't want to be thinking about coaching and accountability and stuff at that point in time. The other things there is obviously community. your community like pumping in terms of them all chatting and everything?
Meg Tovey: It was. I think the busier we've gotten, the less people engaged because there are more people. And I guess is that like nerves. So the girls have to post each once a week and then we do a fortnightly like internal challenge. And the, we've come up with kind of like a way for them to post to get people engaging. But I think like just naturally with more people in the group, they do less. And I'm, I was on my meeting with Loz. I was like, we need to start doing more in-person stuff as well. So I do want to do more of that, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I think that's probably more the culprit than putting an ad up to retarget already clients. Because people need to feel like they're a part of something bigger than themselves. It's all well and good working with one-on-one, the coach, and forming that relationship. But if they feel like they're part of an actual community, then they can start to identify with that. So, for example, I've got guys on. It will also make your life a lot easier as well because instead of constantly coming to you and annoying you with questions, I'll just start asking in the chat and everything. What are the weekly posts that you're – before I get into that, before I forget, one thing I'd really, really strongly recommend you do is when you do sort of sign up or onboard a client or whatever very early in the stage, make sure to make it very clear. So every time I jump on a call to onboard a new client, I say, go into the team chat, the big team chat with everyone in it. Introduce yourself, you know, a little bit about where you're from, your goals, basic stuff like that, just to break the ice and get used to conversating there. Because I guarantee you probably have a lot of people in there that do want to actually chat. They just have that nervous. Anxiety about actually putting them first message through. So if you can get them to do it straight away, it breaks the ice there. The second thing there is, and what I absolutely love about it, is when they do that, all the other guys in my team chat will be like, welcome, brother, you're in such good hands, like, you know, and basically start telling them how great the program is. And it's like, if you've got nerves and anxiety and you do that, and then you hear all these other stories of other girls or other guys, in my case, in the program, recommending how great it is.
Meg Tovey: Because it's like, that's going to make you feel so much more confident in the decision they've made. Yeah. So we do that. We've got this and they all do it. It's like part of the onboarding. It's like a bunch of questions they answer. So like hobbies, favorite food, pet peeve, why they started, blah, blah, blah. And like literally they all do it and they post photos and stuff.
Kyle Musca: But it's the way less engagement on these now.
Meg Tovey: So I've, the coaches have to engage within 72 hours. Because of everyone's posts. But, yeah, it's minimal unless something really stands out in the post where someone can connect with, like, it's minimal. Like, this chick, she knew her, so she commented. But, like, I know for a fact how important this is, and so I'm keen for your advice because that's how I grew my entire business to begin with organically, like, was through community. And it's so hard now because.
Kyle Musca: So I think for me looking at this, I would shift it away from Facebook. Like, people aren't on Facebook as much as they used to be. People do go on there. Like, I go on there sometimes. You might as well. But usually I'm not, like, especially if you're a part of multiple group chats and everything like that, you don't really look at what's being posted. I would think of, like, for this, we want to keep them, where are they when they want to talk to their friends? Like, for most people, it's going to be Instagram today.
Meg Tovey: How do you, because surely you're not , that sounds like a big task, like, add new. New people and delete people every single week, like if they cancel.
Kyle Musca: So you could get your VA to do that. I don't personally remove them, to be honest, because either they just stop talking or if they do, you know, are a really good part of the community and they keep conversation up and everything like that, then it's like, go hand, brother. You know what mean? Like if you're going to get people talking and they're just basically a free moderator at that point.
Meg Tovey: The reason I haven't done that is because I've trialed group chats and because there's so many people messaging, then a lot of people don't message because it's like you've got to scroll and like it's overwhelming.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but in a way, that's kind of what you want. Like you want people talking and conversating. Like, for example, mine's the same now. Like I can't, you know, I do mine on WhatsApp. If I was going to create a new, well, I do all my messaging on WhatsApp, so my client's already here anyway. But if I was going to create, like if I had a platform where they had to message through the platform, then I would do it on Instagram. But, for example, this is my one, and, like, I can't keep up with the messages. Like, this is all, you know, this week still, Monday. Usually there's more. Like, sometimes I'll check this in the afternoon, like, 180 missed messages.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I just realized, like, Nick's got a  WhatsApp for the Run Club, and it pumps 24-7. But I'm the type of person that I'm, like, absolutely not ever going to look at that. So that's probably why I'm avoiding it.
Kyle Musca: I'm the same because, like, I don't look at it. But keep in mind, again, that you're messaging people, you're talking to people all day, this is your business. You're not going to  want to message in the group chat after you get off work. But for most people, again, it's a community. It's something that they are part of. They develop friendships and relationships with other people in it as well. So it's, like, more of a friendship group chat. I also think the really important, sorry, powerful thing about doing it on Instagram is the platform. Well, one, it's obviously a great place to message. But you can start sharing. People's stories and posts into the chat, especially if they tag you and stuff like that, and, like, hype them up so the other girls in the chat want to do it as well.
Meg Tovey: What do you mean by sharing? Because we share it to our story.
Kyle Musca: What do mean by sharing it into the chat? So, for example, you know, someone posts a story and it's like a gym pick or something like that. You just share it to the story. Oh, okay, I'm just going give a quick shout out to Melissa. She's absolutely  killing it.
Meg Tovey: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And in group chats like that as well, when it's a conversation rather than, you know, a feed post thing like Facebook, it's a lot easier to maneuver a cultural shift. So, something I've been really focusing on for the last couple of months is encouraging them to post more and more on their stories, which is a hard task for, you know, essentially middle-aged men almost is what I'm dealing with. Yet, there's so many of them doing it now, like, and it's just promoting your business.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, because we did, like, a challenge at the end of last year for posting on Instagram and it was, like... I'm getting so many inquiries through that and they're obviously the best kind of clients when they've been referred from someone. Okay, this is, yeah, something that I've like been feeling like we needed to change for so long and this is the first time it's actually like landed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I just, with all that stuff, it's like always just think about where the user actually is and what platform they are. So it's like, and so I learned this from like school, for example, right? It doesn't make sense if you're a health and fitness coach to really go on school because the people that are interested in health and fitness wouldn't typically use school for that. But if you had a business course or something like that, then they see school as a platform for business so they would use school.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: make sense? Yeah. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Could I like, I mean, I know I can do whatever the  I want, but would you recommend I actually ask in the community if they'd be keen on an Instagram group chat?
Kyle Musca: Um. I mean, I probably wouldn't. I'll just  move it over there. I mean, you could be like, realistically, people are just going to say yes or not answer it. Probably no one's going to be like,  that.
Meg Tovey: I'm not using an Instagram group chat. Yeah, but at least yes will give me more validation to not start something that's not going to work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you could. I think a lot of them will find it easier, to be honest, and like more refreshing.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, even I would find it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think that's probably the biggest thing in terms of longer-term retention is just, yeah, community, making them feel like they're bigger than something, than just them. And also, when you get a community pumping, as I said before, it's so much easier to make a cultural shift within the team, like within the community, if you want them to start doing certain things.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. But, I guess the only thing is, like announcements and I don't know if you can do that in Instagram, like if you want someone to, because in Facebook, like if I want everyone to see it, I can tag everyone and it notifies them directly.
Kyle Musca: You might be able to pin a message. Would it be silly to keep both, like to have a Facebook group and add them in, but keep it for like announcements and stuff and then. Yeah, you could absolutely do that. Yeah, I mean, yeah, if you wanted to, yeah, it depends how many announcements you're making, but you could absolutely do that, yeah.
Meg Tovey: It's more like internal upsells and stuff like our photo shoot day and stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I would probably just keep the Facebook page for that specifically.
Meg Tovey: As of now, the max is 250 people in a single Instagram group chat, which I'm not at yet, but I mean, I obviously want to get to that. So then what?
Kyle Musca: That's true. How many clients are you currently seeing that?
Meg Tovey: Um. you. Good question. Approximately... Why is it not leveling? Is old? 150? We're not going to have 100 that fast.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Meg Tovey: But...
Kyle Musca: I mean, that's a bridge you could cross when it comes type of thing. The other thing is, like, you could always separate it into different packages and stuff like that when it does come.
Meg Tovey: We don't... Yeah, we kind of only really have the VIP. We've got the training and nutrition only, but it's still a very similar service. That's so fun. I'll cross that bridge and we'll get to it and move somewhere else.
Kyle Musca: The other thing as well is, like, again, there's different ways you can do this. If you wanted to do... do... Post-announcements, stuff like that. You could still keep it on Native and just add all the girls to a close friends list. It depends if you post close friends to other stuff. Actually, I'm pretty sure you can have multiple close friends lists from memory. But then they can't chat.
Meg Tovey: Oh, you mean for announcements?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You could do all three, to be fair. There's nothing to stop and you can do that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, no, I'll do the Instagram chat and then we'll just move if, not if, but when the time comes.
Kyle Musca: I wonder if you can, again, because I don't do it, I don't mind on WhatsApp, so I can just add a link straight to the chat.
Meg Tovey: But I wonder if you can do that for the actual Instagram one, because that would be helpful as well. What link?
Kyle Musca: So, for example, in my onboarding message, I have a link. So, if they click on it, it just takes them straight to the WhatsApp group chat for them to introduce themselves. I'm not 100% sure if you can do that on Instagram.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I can figure that out. Yeah, create group with a link. Oh, no. Anyone with a link can join the group. Yeah, that looks like you can. Anyone with a link can, like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, so that solves that problem. And then also one thing I would really recommend on that as well is if you tell them to, like, introduce themselves and they do it and then the other girls are, like, welcome or something like that and someone, you know, says something really good, I would privately message them and just be like, hey, I just want to, like, say I really appreciate you for doing that. I'm sure you probably felt, you know, a little bit nervous when you joined. So, when someone joins and, you know, hears something like that, it makes them feel so much more confident in there. I remember doing that to one guy when the group chat started popping off and then, like, the next time someone joined, he was like, welcome, brother, you're in the best place ever.
Meg Tovey: It's good.
Kyle Musca: So, just, like, reward behavior by showing, like, genuine appreciation, really. people will, again, you know, humans are more incentivized by, you know, appreciation of actions than they are for, like, finance. Financial incentives and stuff like that. So, you know, if you can show, that will also help with long-term.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you're constantly telling someone, really appreciate you having a part of this team, you're an important member, they're going to feel like they want to stay.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Which I used to do, but now I feel like quite disconnected from each client that I, because I used to message all of, like, with the Facebook group when it was just me, anytime someone didn't comment, like, if there was someone that posted the intro and no one commented, I'd message all my, like, OG clients, be like, can you comment on blah, blah, blah's post? But now, because I feel like I, yeah, I'm quite disconnected, it's, like, yeah, hard to know who to message, because I'm like, oh, are they, because half the time I'm like, oh, I need to check with the girls to see if this client's, like, doing well before I, like, message them about something else and then don't realize they're about, they've had a  spiral and haven't been messaging for a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so I mean, that's like... That's of it. The way I sort of, I guess, counter that is like every client has an open line of communication with me if they want to chat to me. So there are guys I talk to, you know, multiple times a week and just keep up that conversation with them and everything like that.
Meg Tovey: But like a lot of them don't message me, to be honest. Yeah, I'm in the group chat, but it's a separate Trainerize account because I have thought about like sometimes when people are cancelling, I'm like, is it just like that their personality didn't mesh with the coach that I put them with? Particularly because like capacity is a real problem right now. Like I'm hiring again because of it. But even then, like if we hire again and then I've kind of only got one coach that's available to take on clients, I'm like, I don't have a choice to put people with the right personality. And I would like to have that where they can message me openly to be like, hey, I actually, I'm not really gelling with my coach or whatever. I don't think a lot of people would feel comfortable. It's to say that anyway, but yeah, they don't really have that direct line with me because I used to text them the first message for like the onboarding, but I changed that because then people were, like the people who were early exiting were  texting me to do it and then I brought Angela in to do that so I could kind of stay the middleman and not be, so yeah, I don't know what to do with that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it depends, again, this comes down to a platform thing. So for me, because I do everything on WhatsApp, it's very easy for me to quickly create a three-way group chat with me, the coach, and the client. Yeah, it just depends on how they can actually message you. Yeah, that is probably something I would definitely think about because that is also a very important thing. in making sure that you do have an open line. And with your clients, so you can get that kind of feedback that you wouldn't hear otherwise. Maybe I should go back to doing the text thing. Yeah, probably.
Meg Tovey: Because I have had like a couple I still do text if for whatever reason I've needed to. And then they have a message about the payments and I've been able to refer them on to Angela, so it's better. So yeah, okay, maybe I'll do that. Because I've been sending the first message, like it's just a link to the course, but I've been now sending that through Instagram so they don't have my number, but maybe that would be better if they did have my number.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. It's a catch-twin too. You could technically keep it through Instagram and just make sure that the set is known if any client messages you to notify you, but then it's like adding extra steps. just, again, it all comes down to me for stuff like this. It's just like simplicity, you know what I mean?
Meg Tovey: And then Okay. So would, do you ever say, is there anything you word in the onboarding that like alludes at if they have issues with a coach? Because I don't want to like put that in their mind.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I always say at the very end, last thing, you know, we are very big on communication. So if you do have any questions or, you know, you're struggling with something, make sure to sing out. Like at the end of the day, we can't do too much to help you if we don't actually know you're struggling. And I kind of do like a little laugh or whatever to kind of make it not so serious, but just make it very known to them. Because then if they do come away, like come back in a few weeks and then try and cancel or whatever, it's pretty, I've been able to save like quite a few, especially recent just by saying like, oh, it's just seems like it's just a bit of miscommunication, man. Like I did mention, you know, anything like that, you know, this is the first time we're hearing from it. Like we can't really do anything to help people we don't know. And then I'll work with them and be like, you know, maybe I'll give you an extra free month just because of that miscommunication.
Meg Tovey: Communication will start from scratch or something. Yeah, we definitely do that. Like we've got a bit at the end, but it's the coach that's sending it. Like they're saying like.
Kyle Musca: You could always do it like right at the end of the sales call, to be fair. Like after you sign them up, you know, I want to make sure you feel absolutely confident with the decision you made today. Is there anything that would be making you feel uncertain that you want to touch base on? Yeah. And then, cool. Well, look, really keen to, you know, get started. The only other thing is we are huge on communication and then just go into that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I'm all mean to like give them the option to text me instead of the group chat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's the other thing I say when I begin on do this onboarding call. Yeah. I just created a group chat with my head coach, Pat. We like to get on your program. Just make sure you're really well taken care of. If it's regarding the program. Drop it into that chat just so we're all on the same page. However, if there's something you want to chat to me about personally or him to personally, by all means, feel free to reach out personally.
Meg Tovey: That's absolutely fine as well. Okay. Yeah, cool. I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, again, it's just about setting the standard early, you know, and just so you kind of, again, and the way this has all come about is because there have been problems, you know, reoccurring problems, and it's just sort of really patent recognition at that point in time. So, it's, like, just covered right at the start.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. The message has helped, like, since we added that onboarding message about, like, you know, the first few weeks were about really figuring out what's going to work for you, blah, blah, blah, communication, la, la, la. But, yeah, that'd be good to have it because, yeah, sometimes I'm like, oh, if they had to just  talk. Told me, sometimes I am like, oh, it probably was the coach or whatever. Like I can tell from my memory from the sales call. And if they hadn't just said that to me openly, then I would have just been like, let's trial someone else and see if it's just like, it's just a personality fit thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a good one to remember there as well is there can only be one angry person in a conversation. So it's like, if they're pissed off about something, they're like, you know, my coach hasn't been messaging to you or whatever. But like, that's absolutely unacceptable. I'm going to, you know, be diving into that and make sure that, you know, I understand fully what happened and everything like that. Because if that was the case, then X, Y, Z. And then I'll come back and be like, hey, especially if they've been sending check-ins or something, which is the main issue I get if it does happen, it's usually because they don't add as back as contact. So I just send them a screenshot and stuff. But hey, it just seems like a bit of miscommunication, you know, and then I'll basically just kind of coach them back into a given maybe like a free month.
Meg Tovey: We'll start from scratch. I want to make sure you have the best experience possible. Yeah, yeah. No, it's definitely not that. The girls are amazing. It's just, it would look. Literally just be like a personality thing because like Allie, for example, she's  so autistic. So like sometimes her social cues are a little bit off. She's a darling, but sometimes her personality doesn't mesh and she's got ADHD and yeah. So she's great for some of our clients, like any ADHD clients, I'm like, perfect, she'll get you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. My coach Pat's like that as well. He's very  blunt and kind of comes across as rude sometimes. So I've had, you know, sometimes you do have to have a chat with the coach and everything. Like that. just be like, look, you know, for his thing, for example, he gets something like the same questions that he's already covered and he gets pissed off that. I'm like, yes, but at the end of the day, like you're being paid to do that. So just like  put a bit more effort into the reply.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. No, they're so good.
Kyle Musca: And for me specifically, I find it's like, it's only the like first four weeks that I'll ever have hiccups. If they get past that, then it's like fine. So it's like, you may even want to add in something to your coaches where. So when clients do come on for that first four weeks specifically, they give them extra attention, extra check-in, like message check-in, et cetera. Definitely.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, perfect. we were trying to implement all those things before I changed the payment structure around. And then I think if we had just done the upfront payment from the get-go, we would have never implemented all those things. So it was probably a good thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So does that cover all that for you?
Meg Tovey: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it'd be interesting to see how your Instagram chat goes because mine, I remember when I started my group chat, was like, you know, a bunch of dudes that are not messaging it, but it  goes off so much harder than I thought. And that has been a really, like, so much more than I would have anticipated in terms of, like, just building community and culture and getting the guys to feel like they're part of something bigger than just themselves.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I know, and I know how important it is because that's literally, like, the Facebook group used to  up. pump when it was me. But that's the other part, like, because I'm not really showing up in there very often unless I have some random inspiration.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Whereas I would on Instagram.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've set postings. Every Monday I do a Monday motivation thing. To be honest, like, what I do is I just go on the  cord and I just sort of put the voice note on and I'll just, like, talk into it. And then I'll just be, like,  summarize it and put it into a message that I can send through.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, you know, Wednesday is Wednesday wins and then you might do a Friday wins or Friday food  or Friday flex or some  like that.
Meg Tovey: You know what mean? Maybe Friday flex where they will post something on their story and reshare it to the group chat and tag you. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. Cool. Can do. Cool, cool, cool. Thank you so much.
Kyle Musca: It's all good. We didn't get to cover the conversations, but I feel like that was a good chat.
Meg Tovey: That's right. I haven't made time for more calls anyway, so. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. All right, well, we'll keep maximizing. Yeah, cool.
Meg Tovey: I have booked in with Vaughn anyway for the end of, for 3rd of April. So, worst case, I can redo them. Yeah, perfect. Okay. Awesome. All right. Let me know how you go and just keep crushing. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Bye. See ya. Bye.


>>> 137/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-25T06:37:25Z | id:132592862
People: Kyle Musca

Callum Hinze: This meeting is being recorded. Dubai, weren't you? But obviously not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I went back to Dubai for like a week just to sort some banking stuff out. But the time zones in Dubai are just a bit , to be honest. So I don't like spending heaps of time there. Luckily, I got out. was like two weeks before things started popping off.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, good time. I'll see you at that before, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Have you been over to Thailand? I don't think.
Callum Hinze: Not Thailand, nah, but I'd like to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you should definitely come check it out. So just a better, way better version than Bali. You walk into like any, yeah, you walk into like any chemist and just, they'll give you a  book with all, all gear.
Callum Hinze: That's absurd.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's pretty sick. But, cool, man. All right, we'll rip right in.
Callum Hinze: How have things been traveling? Good. Last week was kind of quiet, but this week, since Monday, has been busier. So, yeah, we're all pretty good. Um, right. Yeah, pretty great.
Kyle Musca: so we'll quickly power through the SEO dashboard and hear all this stuff. How many, do you feel at that job form, sorry?
Callum Hinze: Yep, yep, just before.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. I'll just get 27% of the argument. Okay, nice. So, you got three no-shows or you just haven't taken those calls yet?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, three no-shows. This is from last week, so.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Mean numbers are still looking healthy there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank Three sales. Did you have any payment plans from that?
Callum Hinze: Oh, I think I might have added that wrong. There was one actually, which should be in future revenue, which I think would be a total extra $1,500. I think I missed that.
Kyle Musca: So you sold two paid in fulls?
Callum Hinze: Yep. At the top thing and then the other at the four-nightly thing, I believe.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Sick. What I, yeah, what I'd love to see you do, you know, in the next coming weeks, man, is just remove the three months completely and just only talk about six months.
Callum Hinze: Okay. I have actually made a few, I've made a few six-month renewals, which would be nice on like existing clients, which is always kind of easy because they already know what they're up for.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. I think you've got organic sales as well.
Callum Hinze: I haven't pushed it for sales sales yet, so I can definitely do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, would, like my closer now, he only talks about six months and I'm just... Hasn't had any problem with it.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And if they do have a backlash, know, just, again, it adds another level of negotiation where you can be like, oh, look, how about we just start on three months? So instead of three and a half grand, bring it right down to 2K. And that way you can get started. I'm so confident you're going to, you know, love the results you get. You're going to want to continue on anyway. And then, yeah, what I'll do is if you do want to do that, instead of covering another two grand, we'll just go on to the, you know, three-month packaging.
Callum Hinze: Just cover the difference. Yeah, okay. Yeah, makes sense.
Kyle Musca: But that, that alone will significantly increase the total revenue you get.
Callum Hinze: Okay, great.
Kyle Musca: Because everything else is looking really healthy. So it's like, now we just want to focus on maximizing that.
Callum Hinze: Yep, cool.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. So. Course booked. Yeah. Yeah..なって. Yeah. Yeah.-hmm. Good close right there. We're still sort of... Is that just this week?
Callum Hinze: Is that from last week? From Sunday to Sunday last week. So 20... Sorry, 15th to 22nd. Just that week in full.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what happened to the other five people? They're just no-shows.
Callum Hinze: A handful of no-shows, yeah. And I think there was a few...
Kyle Musca: All the other ones.
Callum Hinze: There was a handful of no-shows last week. was one of those weird weeks. And from memory, were like foreign names. I always feel like foreign people just seemed to flake.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. We'll keep an eye on it. still not at concerning levels, but definitely something to take note of. Okay, beautiful. So that's all looking good. That's why, yeah, again, coming down to that messaging, I feel like we have got a good grip on what is going It's work for your actual clients. One thing that's very sort of teetering on, it creeps up and then it has come back down and it's sort of looking like it's creeping back up a little bit now. It's just those direct response graphics that I sort of sent through before. It always loads so slow when it runs out.
Callum Hinze: This was the old batch, was it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the new batch doesn't look like it's pulling through too well, which isn't super ideal, but... So this one tends to come, that's a one-on-screenshot and sent through to you the other day. This one tends to fluctuate between like 40 to 60. So it's kind of like, again, it's teetering. Like it kind of looks like it's about to burn out and then it might come back down. But again, we just don't want to, you know, I guess let it creep up too much. What am I actually doing now on that note? So I'll come back to that actually. Good thing about the video though. Again, this one's pulling through a really good cost per lead. $45. that's very, very scalable, especially for a video as well. Like if they watch the video and then they message through, they should be pretty bought in.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: See how these ones go. So they might come through. haven't had heaps to spend on them. The lead magnet thing as I was talking about, they're definitely creeping up a lot higher. Than what I'd like to see for a cost per lead. It just really depends on when you run the magic hat, you know, how many of these actually like come back and convert into clients.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, if that, if the magic hat works and it pulls through really, really nicely, then it's like, it's something we should absolutely do because it kind of just accumulates over time. And then maybe we, you know, for, you know, a two-week period or something like that, if it's proven, we could even look at just turning ads off completely. And then you're just magic hatting all the people that came through for it.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: But it's been quite a while since you've done one of those, hey?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, it's been two months. So, I was going to plan to do February, March together from memory. So, I'll probably do that at end of this week or start of next week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. What I might even, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Have you had any calls booked in from the lead magnet over the last week?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. This week, since Monday, I think there's been two. One actually signed up, and the other, I think, was a no-show.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Callum Hinze: But I do still find most of the ones that are joining are still mostly from the direct ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a bit of a... It's, like, very much on the verge of, like, do we want to keep trial on this yet, or do we want to, like, shift our attention?
Callum Hinze: I think it's picked up, like, I remember the first few weeks of running them, there was just nothing, like, nothing even booked. Now there's been a couple, but, yeah, I think it's still been more skewed towards a direct, being, like, 90% of the guys coming in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing as well, which is kind of, well, I guess you could definitely tell your setters to keep an eye out for it, is, like, if they come through on the lead magnet, and then maybe they see a direct response thing and come through on that as well, well, that'd be really important information for us to know. Yeah. Um... Do you know off the top of your head if you've had any of those, like people that have done that?
Callum Hinze: That have done both, do you mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like maybe they got the lead magnet first and then they would have seen a direct response and, you know, decide to reach out for coaching based off that.
Callum Hinze: I think I may have seen that happen like once, but not often, but I've seen it at least.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. And we don't have a, um, there's no application form or anything like that on the, on through the DMs, uh, at the end of the lead. So let's, uh, let's, let's have a good.
Callum Hinze: On through many chat? Nah, the only thing I've got, only application form I got running is just the one in my, in my bio. I over my stuff.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Well, you could do, I know we have. spoken about this before. What you could do, so if they say qualified, so they say working full-time, for this link, what you could do is just add a job form instead. Because you can, do you have job form?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, I've got an application form on that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you could do kind of what I do for my application form here. Where you come into the settings, you come down to conditions, and then you'll see how it says, like, the conditions is, if they are working full-time, for example, then they get redirected to this link. And that link is, you wouldn't even, yeah, you wouldn't even actually need to do that, to be honest. Because they're already... So what you'd do is if they're not qualified, like if they're a part-time student, just keep that link the same. They just go straight to the video. But if they are qualified, then they go to the application form so we can collect their data, their contact information for future. And then what you'd do there, yeah, you just go thank you page, redirect your external link. And then you'd add that link there.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then all that would be on the phone is just name, phone, email.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay, yep. And then if they don't follow through, we can just follow up that way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, like there'll still be an Instagram for you to conversate. So it's like you might as well just keep the conversation there naturally and natively so you don't have to spend the money on the SMS and stuff through GoHighLevel. But at least that way we do collect their contact information because maybe we do run a challenge in the future. or something like that. then you can reach out to all those guys. That way you could send them maybe a bulk SMS, you could send them an email, whatever saying, you know, I'm doing this. It's not something that, you know, we probably use like extremely short term, but it is good to click, like build an emailing list over time for future use for sure.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then once it gets big enough as well, like we could always do a real low ad spend, retarget on just those guys as well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. Makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just simple. It's just an easy thing to do.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. How has Liam gone? How many coaches, clients does he have now?
Callum Hinze: 57. So I think from, I've got three or four signs to start with him next week. So he'll be at 60 by next week. And we've set the target to get him at 70 by the end of the next couple of weeks. But he's doing well.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Perfect. How's... Oh, there we go. So the name change?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I've decided I'm going to rebrand everything. Big Cal. And then I want to change it to, like, just with two Gs, B-I-G-G, coaching, for this to be easier to have it under a name rather than my name, especially if I'm going to take on some more coaches and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: But that's not really, like, priority. It's just a little thing on the side to add on.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Okay. Wow. Did you use this as a, did you have this?
Callum Hinze: I'm pretty sure I've got that in the CTA folder. I think. I should do.
Kyle Musca: Are you getting many organic applications?
Callum Hinze: Maybe a couple of weeks. And majority of them sign up, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the organic one would be.
Callum Hinze: They're pretty much ready to go.
Kyle Musca: Are you working with them alone?
Callum Hinze: As in when they, like, the coaching package, you mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: It depends who they are. If there's someone who's, like, signed up specifically to be with me, then yes, but I'll normally charge a higher ticket. But some of them are happy just doing the co-coaching thing, which is even better.
Kyle Musca: How much do you charge for your higher ticket?
Callum Hinze: 3K for 12 weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, perfect.
Callum Hinze: And I've already got a couple of guys on there, because most of them are sort of happy to do the co-coaching thing. Bye.
Kyle Musca: Bye. Bye. Yeah. No, definitely. But even that, I mean, just go for like 5K for six months or something like that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Well, to be honest, most of my existing clients are on a lot less because they've been hanging around for years. So it's only recently I've been doing that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because as I said before, everything's looking really healthy through the whole funnel. It's just like now just charge more, charge longer.
Callum Hinze: know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And your content's popping.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. It's been doing pretty well. I still have Morgan doing it for me. So she sort of like helps me structure it all. And I've been paying her to do the, just sort of put it all together. And she's really good at that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. You're getting mad, mad engagement on them. yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. There's some that have gone pretty crazy.
Kyle Musca: Here's I get in. Oh, this voiceover just so  wild. Here's how I get in 300 grams of. Protein without feeling bloated. Neil? See how even that, don't know if you intentionally do it. See how you're like one tangible. Here's how I get 300 grams of protein. It was also a goal. A lot of guys want to get protein in without pain, without getting bloated. So it's something I'd really go into. That's what I was kind of saying with these. Where is it? Yeah. So I would just like, because again, we had that one winning graphic. So one thing I would really recommend when you create this is try not to use like any AI or anything, because it will influence the words and everything you use. Just try and say it fully from your own thing. To be honest, when I do it, I find it doesn't even really take that much longer because it's like once you do the AI. I didn't like redo it. It's like kind of takes the same time. But just do different versions of the same wording. So I'm looking for eight guys ready to X, Y, Z. And then you might do, again, I would play on either ready to goal without pain. So I'm looking for eight guys who are going to stack on six to eight kilos over the next 12 weeks without dirty bulking and adding a bunch of unnecessary fat. Or I'm looking for eight guys ready to stack on six to eight kilos and then goal. like fill out their frame and skyrocket them like strength or something like that. Depending on what they're, you know, what these guys actually want out of it type thing. And then this is great. This is, this is for men who want, again, abs, which is the physical attribute. So just filter that. Large and defined muscle. A body that commands respect. So this is more of a status thing, right? A physique that turns heads when you walk in the door, for example, might be a different wording you use there. Lean muscle that stands out. Again, just play around with it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I think it's the one that I used sort of to replicate that one that was performing well, I think, from memory. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it is. So I reckon just do like probably at least six, but just, again, similar structure and framework in terms of where things are placed, but just play on different goals and points and everything like that to see what really comes out on top. The other thing as well you could do is that voiceover. I want to come back to that. But you could always try kind of what we did. Um, A little while ago when we were looking at that other guy's, where he does the video ones, but essentially just do a physique, like a fine one that popped off. You have to hear this quote.
Callum Hinze: These ones are so many people where they do so well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, again, we're trying to, we should try and extract why they're doing well. You know what I mean? Like, so, for example, we might have this kind of wording, but with this kind of video, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And just see how it goes. And then, like, again, play around with it. Just try and make sure it doesn't cover, like. Yeah. This section here specifically.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Beautiful. Okay. And this, just having a look at that, have you done a voiceover since this one?
Callum Hinze: I would, I'm sure. Yeah, I did one, think, a week or two ago, a training one, I think.
Kyle Musca: Let's have a look. Here's how I get in 300 grams of protein without feeling bloated. Meal one, we go for sourdough, cottage cheese, and dates, right before hitting the gym. Intro workout, carbs and electrolytes, bit of coconut water, and then home for the Ninja Creamy. Then chicken noodle stir-fry, straight into the OG chicken, rice, and veg. Dinner is some pasta and dessert, a big bowl of fruit, and all. Here's how I get in 300 grams. Nice. Nice, straight to the point. Have we reviewed, like, voiceover style content, how to, like, extract them?
Callum Hinze: Not recently, I mean, nah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, So, And again, just because that popped off. So these kinds of posts are going to be a lot more value-driven and high conversions than these kind of posts because these get really high watch time because people will re-watch them, especially as they're reading the caption, if you've got a big caption. But because you're actually talking in here and you can actually start to, I guess, be a little bit more memorable because people can attach a voice and a face and everything like that to the actual person, I guess, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So there's a few people that I think do really good voiceovers. There's me, Madeline. This chick is someone I kind of came across recently speaking to someone else, but she would also be really good to analyze what she says, but also like the cuts and everything like that. So it's like if we go into.
Callum Hinze: Oh, she's the one that does it really fast. It's like, yeah, It's like, overlap.
Kyle Musca: Yes, she is.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. It's engaging, hey, like the voices are like, every line almost overlaps the last word.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A lot of girls tend to do that. I'm trying to do this one. Where is it? Depends how often she posts. She has voices. What's better than being in paradise? Being in paradise and looking and feeling your best because you stuck to your routines and fault your goals. I'm not sure that we love a girl's girl. Oh, maybe this one. , it's like that. It's kind of... Where was it? Getting fit and... So the goal is a snatched whip. Getting fit and looking fit is all fun and games. Until you're in Bali, recovering from Bali Bali, aka the worst food poisoning of your life. If you know, you know, and if you do know, then I am also... So the goal is a snatched waist and a core tighter than your slicked back bun, but first make sure... So you could even take something like that, you know what mean? So the goal is a slim waist with broad shoulders. So that your nutrition is in check and getting fit. Ah, you prick. Getting fit and looking fit is all fun and games. So the goal is a snatched waist and a core tighter than your slicked back bun, but first make sure that your nutrition is in check and let's get into three of my favorite exercises. deep core, aka transverse abdominal muscles, literally act like a corset for your... You know what mean? So she's like quite good for that. She's good at like... One thing I picked up from it is like on-screen visuals and she's very... Like there's a lot of cuts in the very first couple of seconds to get the... So the goal... I'm very engaged. She also always, like, obviously shows off the body at the first start, which would bring in a lot of male and female attention. But then, like, if you watch her videos, like, everything beyond that point is just, like, for the girls, essentially. So I don't think she would get heaps of male watch-through rate, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other one, probably a little easier to source idea from, is, like, meet Madeline. And she does voiceovers pretty well. You've got to look good. Okay, I thought I'd never say that. Well, I already know it, okay? You want your dream body, but you don't want to make any food sacrifices. You don't want to eat beef, mince, and rice. Yeah, man. Brother, I already know it. You want to stack on some serious muscle, but you don't want to add a bunch of unnecessary fat in the process. Here's exactly what I ate in a day. Data. Here's exactly what I ate in a day that took, because I saw you did that bulking one the other day as well. Here's exactly what I ate in a day that took me from 108 kilos to 115 kilos in my off-season. You know mean? So again, like nice, tangible.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also, yeah, so that's probably, again, we're doing well right now. So I think we just need to double down on what's working. But I think the reason I want you to do more voiceovers as well is I think that would work fantastically is either direct response ads if you do something like that, or even just a lead magnet.
Callum Hinze: You know what mean? Yep.
Kyle Musca: I mean, especially if you did like, here's a full week of training for an IFBB Pro or something like that. And then you did your split and you're like, if you want this entire split, you know, deem in the word , oh, whatever. Deem in the word program, I'll send it through to you.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. It's pretty easy to use.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Um. So, yeah, I think the conversions on that would be better.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. I've got a voiceover one going up today, actually, so I'll begin to see how it goes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Are you posting so much on your stories and stuff like that as well?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I'm trying to pump the stories a bit as well. I'll try and do at least one or two, like, just CTAs per week on that, but it's mostly just casual stuff on the stories.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you're getting a few, yeah. Do you check, like, call to actions and stuff up on your story much?
Callum Hinze: Once or twice a week, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think, yeah, you're getting a good amount of dudes tagging and everything like that on your story. I think just, yeah, checking the link a little bit more often, to be honest.
Callum Hinze: I mean, especially if you... What do you reckon is not overdoing it?
Kyle Musca: To be fair, like, if you're going to do a hard CTA where it's just a direct ask, like, I'd probably do anything, one or two of them. The max a week. But, you if you're doing a check-in or you're putting up social proof or something like that, then you could really do it as much as you want. You know what mean? Like, I feel like you couldn't really overdo that if you're showing the proof that you're able to get the result that they want, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, again, hit and miss. Yeah. I don't think, the hard CTAs with social proof, I don't think you can really overdo because, like, you know, no one can really argue if you're putting up a different crazy transformation every single day and, you know, having the option for people to reach out if you're coaching.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I can pump that a bit more then for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And people will buy when they're in a buying mindset. You know what I mean? So it's like if they're, you maybe if you do it on Monday, they're not really ready yet because they're still hungover.
Callum Hinze: But if you do it by Wednesday, they're a little bit more motivated then, you know what I mean? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, that's easy to do. We'll add that together, five seconds to chuck up, so.
Kyle Musca: One thing, just looking at the date, actually, I would do it heavily around timeframes, you know what mean? Like, do some hard CTAs. I'm looking to take on six lads to start April, looking to stack on six to eight kilos.
Callum Hinze: Yep. You're right, I know that for sure.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, bro. Otherwise, things are pumping well at the moment. Anything else you want to cover at all?
Callum Hinze: I think that was it, hey. Yeah. There's nothing else that I was needing to. I do have some more videos ready that I need to film. But other than that, all I need to do is just do up some more of those graphics again and then keep pumping through, really, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. We're in a good spot because things are going well. So, again, like, when they're in this, I think the biggest problem that people run into is they get a little bit lazy and then, like, things will creep up too high. And then you're kind of on your back foot again. So, It's it's much less stressful just to sort of plan ahead.
Callum Hinze: If I have a slightly more quiet week, I'm always like, ah, all right, this next week, I got to pump it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: I think like sales for this week since Monday are already at 11, which is good for any Wednesday. So this will be a pretty big week, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, see. The other thing you could look at doing as well is you could look at potentially putting another challenge in the works if you wanted to do something around that, especially now that we've got the messaging down, Pat, as well, because like maybe, you know, our point of difference is this isn't a fat loss challenge.
Callum Hinze: This is specifically for guys looking to stack on size. I remember you mentioning a while back potentially looking at doing like a US sort of campaign for like a shred thing. Would that be worthwhile at this sort of time of year?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could. So I've just started filming videos for my, the shred thing that I'm going to do for Australia. Sorry. America, because they're three months out from summer. So you could absolutely look at dabbling in that. I think if you're going to do, again, there's different ways, things to go about it. If I were you in that situation, I would probably look more so look at doing an Australian mass gain thing. let's say how it's, you know, essentially it'll be six months till someone basically now. So it's like, you might want to go down the route of like stacking on size or through winter or something like that. You know, again, however you decide to word it. And then if you wanted to test out the American audience, what we could do is we, I reckon, just test it with some graphics before getting all the videos and stuff like that, just to see if there's a decent enough response for us to keep sort of tapping into it. Because Americans are a little bit weird.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. I'd be interested, but the Australian stuff's still working really, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: So yeah. Yeah. When you create these graphics, just. Just create a version where you just say pounds instead of kilos.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep. And we just run them and see how they go.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. Easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, bro. Is there anything else you want to touch base on?
Callum Hinze: Nah. Top of my head, I think we're all pretty crazy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Things are going well, so happy days. Did you end up having a chat with Morgan as well?
Callum Hinze: Briefly. She's just trying to figure out what she wants to do, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: She's actually made a few sales this week organically for coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. I reckon she'd be able to grow up pretty well. She just kind of had the confidence to ask a little bit more.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. I think she can do well as well. think she's just got to decide where she wants to put all of her energy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: She made a few sales this week without even pumping it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, yeah. She definitely has the following and the authority in the space and everything like that. So I think it'd be very reasonable to bring on it. Coach for her if that's what she wants to do to maximize, you know, sort of time and money. The only thing that I would be concerned about there is just her being sort of comfortable and confident enough to continuously make the ask to grow it for that coach.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah. I'll see what she comes up with in time. Also, your payment bounced on my end, but it won't, for some reason, the email won't let me log in and, like, amend it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay.
Callum Hinze: Will that be recharged? Do you know when it will automatically recharge at a certain date? Because I'll make sure there's money in that account.
Kyle Musca: It should just auto-retry a few times.
Callum Hinze: can check on it now. It comes out of, like, an old card, so I'm just going to make sure that I put money into that one.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Did you want to keep it as that, or did you want to change it?
Callum Hinze: But now that card's all right, I'm just going to make sure I'm sending money over there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I mean, I can manually process it, or I'll probably just retry, whatever it is.
Callum Hinze: Okay. I'll actually put that amount in that account now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, just shoot me.
Callum Hinze: I got an email saying like you can amend it on my end, but for some reason this wouldn't work.
Kyle Musca: Maybe even if you want to send me a screenshot of that just so I can suss that out a little bit as well, but yeah, no massive stress on that.
Callum Hinze: I'll just put that in that account now though, so it should be fine, whatever it does it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll jump in there after this and get that sorted. Cool, man. All right, we'll just keep pumping it and yeah, another big week on the cards.
Callum Hinze: Awesome. Sounds like a plan. Thanks again for all that.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cheers, man.
Callum Hinze: I'll chat to you very soon. All right, speak soon. Cheers. Yeah, bye.


>>> 138/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-25T08:20:56Z | id:132597769
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Arran Humphreys: I went, it was dirty as , but this time it was actually, like, nice. It was good.
Kyle Musca: there decent gyms in Uluwatu?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. There's that bamboo one, which, like, that's, like, outside, and then there was, like, an inside one, and then there was, like, a bit of, like, a bodybuilding gym, like a couple Muay Thai. It was actually sick, bro, but the gym was mad. The bamboo, it's, like, the gym, and then, like, it's, like, a , like, a beach club on the outside of it, but, like, like, a guy. So it's like hot and cold plunges, a pool, they're like blasting music. get like protein shakes and .
Kyle Musca: It was actually sick, man. Yeah, that's sick. Yeah, I never went to Uluwata. went to Kangoo, which probably was a mistake, but.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: But cool, man. All right, well, rip right in, man. How's this week been overall?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, so talking last week, like, you know, Monday to Sunday, which is what I do all the stats off, that was pretty , to be honest, right? This week's looking better. I've already got two closers this week. But last week we got no closers, bro. I just had one re-signed from a lad, so I re-signed him in six months. So that was a little cash injection, which was nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful. The check-in form, is that the last seven days from today?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. So I do that. I do my check-in forms and that the, like, last week because I go off all my new internships. I go, like, Sunday. So I go from, like, the 16th to the, whatever, 22nd. So the week, does that make sense? Just because it's easier for me, bro, to do the week prior.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. Run, get some better candidates. Okay, so you want to run the ad for the coaches?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. The people I've had so far, bro, I just didn't really think, I just didn't really resonate with them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's fair. So what I'll do there is, just similar to the ad graphics, man, just be like, you know, I'm looking for a head coach to join the A1 team, you know. Yeah. Yeah. And then just add like some of the key selling points, be like if you're passionate about, you know, helping men become whatever, you know, want to work from anywhere in the world, yeah, just like the key points of it, you know what mean? Like there's really solid, so you get as much of all you can through. It's pretty simple, to be honest. And then get from there. What I can do is, let me quickly sus some other ones we've done. Mm-hmm. So.
Arran Humphreys: But 50K, 50K for the last four weeks, that's sick, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's  me. The problem with that is you always want more.
Arran Humphreys: to you. Bro, that's what's  now. I'm like, if I get under that, I'm going to be off it. It's pretty cool, but man, we started at like 7k.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, it's been  run massively. The issue with the marketing side of things, man, is like, it's just marketing. Sometimes things will work, sometimes things won't work. You know what I mean? Like you've got to  test and trial. they work, then  you're golden. Yeah. It's more so like about sort of minimizing losses and maximizing profits, to be honest.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Here we go. Yeah, Bro, did some good ones. I'm keen to see how the challenge goes, though.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, well, I just finished filming before I call the last one, and I did a bit different. Like, I got my mate's RAM, and we like went in his RAM. I was like driving it, sitting on the back, and then like walking to the beach, and then I did it. I was helping lads get their confidence back and be able to take the shirt off at the beach. Just teams different, bro. I don't know. See how it goes. It just might be a bit of a pattern interrupt.
Kyle Musca: Did you just do them off the top of your head?
Arran Humphreys: Was that off the script? Oh, I had the script there. And then I sort of just like, I read the script. And then I sort of just put my own spin on it as well.
Kyle Musca: So what I reckon we'll do in this session is we'll review the videos you did so I can give you actual like feedback instead of over text. And then we'll even look at some of the frameworks and just like kind of break them down just so you feel a bit more confident trying to...
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, because I do struggle a bit like just to get it right off my head. So it's good. Yeah, so I get better. Now I've done it a few times, know, I'm getting a little bit better than that.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, I'll keep writing your scripts and stuff like that as well, just so you can like kind of visualize what because it's like if you haven't done it before, then it is like obviously tricky. But, like, you know, if we have a good mix of, like, some scripted, some just, like, purely authentic from you, and with that as well, I mean, like, 100% authentic with you. Like, I don't want you to even use AI to, like, genuinely give you a bit of direction with it because then, you know, it starts to, as soon as you read something, you're going to be  naturally drawn to that thought process, if that makes sense. And the problem with AI is it just  said, like, says the same  for absolutely everyone. So it's, like, the further away you can get away from AI in a way for that type of stuff is, like, that will be a selling point for you.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so these were Breeze once you ran for a coach. So it's, like, yeah. If you're passionate about changing women's lives and want to be able to work from anyone in the world, apply below. It doesn't have to be crazy at all, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: I'll send you a screenshot just so you can...
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, something to base on.
Kyle Musca: And then with the graphics, that was the other thing I wanted to talk to you about. I think the last round were better than the first round in terms of just like the layout. Let me actually pull it up so we can  visually see instead of me just talking off the top line.
Arran Humphreys: Because I just sort of tried to go off that framework that you sent me for the graphics.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Even when you're doing them, again, I would just try and do it completely off the top of your head. No AI. Yeah. Just because unless you really know what you're doing in terms of like training the bot and like even like you need to understand how to do the messaging properly without the AI so you can train the AI, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because like one, see so many, like AI is just not very good at creative writing at all. And like, you know what I'm saying? These, you know, scripts or even graphics that people have just clearly used AI for. It's just so, it's just very, very vague. And you don't, if there's vagueness, it means there's senses of confusion. If you have confusion in marketing, people will not take the step. Like if there's any sort of like gap in terms of like what to do, what it is, how to do it, it's like they won't do it.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: So what I'll do there. Plus two, you just get so much more volume, you know, because otherwise if you're sitting down scripting all the  time and then, you know, you film it, like you can't get like, I would say even less than half the amount of total volume that you could get out otherwise. And that's a big thing as well, because you can like the more volume, the more angles you can test.
Arran Humphreys: You know what I mean? Yeah. Okay. Yep. Yep. Yep. So...
Kyle Musca: So... So... So... So, are going to do here? Is that? So, yeah, just so you're aware as well. This one's doing okay. It's higher than I'd definitely like to see it. It  loads, this one. It hasn't had heaps of ad spend on it. Like, it's had a decent amount. I'm really hoping one of these, like you can see, I'm just calling back the other ones that aren't sort of pulling through anything through. So, I'm hoping that some of these start bringing through qualified leads. But you can see people start to message through and whether they're just not qualified or they just don't finish it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, there's been quite a few that haven't finished it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, it's like when it's a cost per lead around this, it's not ideal, but like I'll keep it on until I find another winning ad, essentially. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank so yeah. Um, and then yeah, with the layout. So I think this is a good layout. Like this is nice and see, it's just very nice and simple to read.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, I think more so with the other ones, like I was going through these this morning, a lot of them are like quite good and nice and simple to read. Like that's fantastic. Um, it was more so the previous ones where, especially the black and whites and there was like different images all over the screen and everything. Yeah. Like it just, yeah, a lot to take in. You essentially want to think of it as just like, as soon as someone sees this, they, their eye gets naturally drawn to the title and then they can easily read through to know exactly what they need to do. Um, and then go from there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is when you create new graphics, try and make them a 15 second video. Um, whether you do that yourself or you just send it through to like a video editor or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Well, they, they were, I did send them, didn't I? Unless you've got the op, because I think I made them in a new Google Drive file, because I did do it for you.
Kyle Musca: Oh, actually, no, they might be, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: This one's playing. Because, yeah, you asked me to one would be, yeah. And then I just made them all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, they are. No, that's not me.
Arran Humphreys: No, you're off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, they are. Yeah, see, because otherwise, see how that's going like that, which is what we want to see. Otherwise, if there's no video or anything like that, it's like five seconds.
Arran Humphreys: So it's like  as soon as you read the title, it's just done. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Yeah, so happy days there. Yeah, cool. Cool. And then with what I was saying this morning, you'll find, so like these are the ones I did most recently, and these are doing quite like very well for me. Thank you. So the other thing is try and be like very, I think I've spoken about this before, but try to be very, very tangible, like specific outcomes. You know what mean? Again, that's where AI really  up because it's so vague. It like just gives vague terminologies and stuff. But it's like very specific. I'm looking for 12 men. I want to shred 10 kilos of fat over the next 12 weeks. You know, I've helped over a thousand men cut 10,000 kilos of fat. Another 10, like numbers are tangible. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then play around with different things as well. So one thing I've been sort of toying around with is like, like the entire sales process essentially is like, yes, we want them really nice and emotional because that's an emotional people buy. And we do definitely want to play around with, you know, pain, and everything like that. But realistically, know, in just a 15-second long graphic or, you know, a minute-long video, for example, it's very, very hard to shift someone into a really emotional state. So it's like, yes, well, we want that messaging there because it definitely can still work. Like, also focus on, you know, just physical attributes, goal outcomes, things that people kind of are motivated enough to take action on, but usually not motivated enough to, like, really, you know, take the full next step. But we're not trying to get them to take the full next step here. We're just trying to get them to start a conversation, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, again, this is why, and this is where Andromeda, the Andromeda update with Meta really works in that favor because it tests different angles for different audiences to see what works, if that makes sense. So we don't, like, we want to have one. Where it is goal outcome, we want to have one where it's pain-focused, we want to have one where it's, you maybe status-focused, for example. We want to have, like, for example, you know, turn heads through, turn heads when you walk through the door, for example. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Status thing. We want one where it might be, like, role model leadership, for example. You know what mean? And that can be, like, I'd stay away from using, like, father terminology. You know, we want to, like, kind of target father specifically because they always  broke. But, like, for example, you might want to be, you know, probably easier in a video, but gain knowledge so you can help your friends and family. You know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. This one's doing quite well. 12 lads, 8 to 10 kilos of fat over the next 90 days. And then without pain. So, it's usually the statement, like, the goal, right? Right. And then without pain, without extreme diets or excessive cardio.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, or you could do WOL with dream outcome, for example, right? So it's like goal with dream outcome. So over the next 90 days and skyrocket your confidence. I'm looking for 12 lads who want to drop 8 to 12 kilos over the next 90 days. So you can take your shirt off and feel confident in your physique.
Arran Humphreys: Confident in your own skin or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, something along those lines. So like more of a goal outcome focus. So again, just playing around with these different, you know, ways of saying it essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then the other thing with them as well is try and like solve a specific problem. Like don't try and solve every problem. Try and solve a specific problem. So for this, for example, I went down the road. Out of, like, more so structure and everything like that, right? Like, structure and guidance, you can kind of group in the same thing. You can get better results if ever thought possible, and then accountability. You know mean? So it's like, I'm not, like, selling the meal plans and the custom training programs and the  app access and, you know, all that .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. So, for example, you know, you might have one graphic that just solves the pain of confidence or insecurity.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, yeah. Just different, get them to solve different things and then a different sort of tangible thing. Get apps.
Kyle Musca: Get confidence. Because realistically, people, when people want to, you know, do something like this, they're trying to solve one thing. You know what mean? Like, they're not trying to, like, different, yeah, different things will solve different people's problems. But it's like, we want just the, like, for example, there's, let's say we've got 100 people that want to lose  10 kilos, right? it's like 10. Those people might want to just lose 100 kilos because they're insecure when they take their shirt off and they just want confidence, right? So we just want a message that just goes straight to those 10 peoples because if we mix that and say, we'll help you build confidence and I'm going to give you, you know,  a meal plan so you don't have to think about what to eat at work, for example, like just off the top of head, very , you know, type of thing. Then that might sort of like skew the message a little bit, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, I get you.
Kyle Musca: It takes attention away from what they actually want out of it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. No, that makes sense, right? I'll be able to play around, do some more of them this week for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. And then this was the other one that's doing quite well as well, just to show you. Also with a message, the messaging, try and call out people that would be your ideal client. You know what I mean? So, and this is something I'm very, like, this is something I've been very much focusing on in my marketing, but also, especially over the last sort of month or two with a lot of other, you clients marketing, it's made the  biggest difference ever, is talk in a way that kind of, one, obviously includes your ideal, like the ideal person you want to bring in, but also in a way excludes people that you don't, right? So for this, and this is a fine line. So for this one, for example, I say work 40 hours a week, because therefore it doesn't apply to anyone that doesn't work 40 hours a week. So it doesn't talk to casual people, doesn't talk to part-time people, you know, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: That makes sense, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just be careful not to cross the sort of gimmicky wording type thing, and this is where AI  it up so badly. Like, because if I was like, I'm looking for 12 corporate men or something like that. That type of  flops because it's just like, you're obviously only saying that because you want people with money.
Arran Humphreys: People aren't stupid. But if I talk about working 40 hours a week, then it's more of a structure thing. Yeah. Okay. Now that I can do that.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I get you. I can do that. Sure.
Kyle Musca: You know, for example, like I'm looking for 12, I'm looking for 12 tradies. Um, who work at least eight hours a day in a manual labor job or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then the problem you'd solve for it is, um, I'll build you a plan to maximize your results without, um, again, you could do pain, like without pain. And so without, um, running. You into the ground or something like that or without destroying your body or with goal. So I'll build you a plan to maximize your results and skyrocket your energy in the process.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I've found with tradies and the stuff I've done from before, they do respond quite well to like the energy side of things.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. That's something I use in my sales calls a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's the other thing as well. Like in your sales calls, pick up the common patterns that people are saying. You know what I mean? If you're constantly getting, you know, the same sort of struggles that they're dealing with, take that exact wording that they use and put that into the marketing.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: It's easy.
Arran Humphreys: It's easy.
Kyle Musca: You also know you Thank you. Like, think deeper about it. Again, like, I wrote these all without any AI input, and you can tell that they're different from most ad graphics that use AI input, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, I'll just do a plan based off your schedule and make sure that you get the best results possible. So it's like you could say, like, I'll adapt your plan as your schedule changes or something like that. You know, trade's more than I know trade, so. Any questions on that stuff, man?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, man, nah. That's pretty good. I'll be able to do that, for sure. Give that a go. That'll be sweet.
Kyle Musca: Oh, dude, it's all, um...
Arran Humphreys: It's actually...
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: What was it? Uh, yeah, this fella, he's  obviously gone on my account and pulled videos and done all sorts of... Lots of . Because I would send him. I think he was the fellow you sent me instead of the other dude that was having a kid.
Kyle Musca: Mehdi?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, Mehdi.
Kyle Musca: Mehdi's sometimes hit and miss.
Arran Humphreys: I was like, ah,  it. I was pretty happy with him. The quality's quite good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think, yeah. I think I haven't worked with Mehdi for a while. I think he's, like, built out a team, maybe, of editors. So I think that's why sometimes they hit and miss. I'm not 100% sure. So, like, don't quote me on that. But, cool. All we'll give him a give. If you're a bloke who works in the mines or on the tools and you've tried to drop the same 10 to 15 kilos a dozen times now. Perfect. So, yeah, the pacing of that. Like, I watched video two. So this is the first time watching video one. So, yeah, the pacing of that was really good. Like, it was just very straight to the point.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I want you to hear this. Because what's kept you stuck in that same old loop... It's nothing to do with motivation. Truth, nobody wants to talk about. The reason you keep failing has nothing to do with your work ethic or how bad you want it. You've just been following plans that are built by someone who has a life completely different to yours. This is Liam. Liam works on site doing seven and seven. He does over 12 hours different to yours. This is Liam. Liam completely different to yours. This is Liam. Liam works on site doing seven and seven completely different to yours. See how Australians do this as well? Like a lot of Australians are very known for this, especially Australian women. The rounding up at the sentence, at the end of the sentence, kind of, the tonality makes it sound like a question, whereas we want a bold statement here. So to do that, we want to round down.
Arran Humphreys: Round down. Yeah. I've been trying to work on it. I've been trying to work on it.
Kyle Musca: So it's like completely different to yours.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been trying to work on it. I'm getting in the habit a bit more because you find yourself like, unless you consciously think of it, but it'll come.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. These are, come on. Anything, really. It's just reps, you know, and then you get the video, you analyze it, you break it down, and you're like, okay, I'll do that differently next time.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's also another really big reason why I'm such a big fan of, like, filming them so frequently, because it's like, if only film a batch once a month, you forget everything that you would have fixed, if that makes sense. But if you're doing it, like, every week or so.
Arran Humphreys: Every week. Yeah, well, that's what my plan is now, because I've got the same camera. I've got this , this is the camera we filmed it on, this, like, Fousey film thing. It's  mad, bro. It's a sick camera, so I'll just nut them out every week now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Something that I haven't actually tried for myself, but I think it would be a great idea, is it's kind of, like, looking like how this video is actually looking so far. But essentially, like, you talking straight to the camera, but it's almost more of a voiceover, if anything, and then it just cuts back to you at certain points.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because then, yeah, because what we said was great because you can show off, like, whatever you want. You can show off your physique, you can show off your social proof, you can show off what's included in the app.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. This is Liam. Liam works on site doing seven and seven. He does over 12 hours every single day, and he actually... Pacing this video is so much better. Yeah. Yeah. Was this the second or first one you filmed?
Arran Humphreys: Second one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I find there's always, like, the first video you kind of warm up to.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Me feeling stuck. tried everything under the sun, but he just didn't feel like he was progressing anymore. 12 weeks later, we dropped his first 10kg. He felt like a completely different man. Now, it's deeper than just the visual you see right here. We completely shifted his lifestyle, and we built something that made him enjoy. This has probably lasted a bit long, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Maybe I'll tell him to cut it.
Kyle Musca: Or he trained again. This type of result is... He felt like a completely different man.
Arran Humphreys: Now, it's deeper than just the visual you see right here. walking down. Yeah. completely shifted his lifestyle every bit longer than that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it just gets nothing to look at.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, nothing to look at.
Kyle Musca: I'd also try and like, again, with the social proof, like the transformations and stuff, you always want to make them look like  as crazy as possible. Like, and obviously the contrast as crazy as possible.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Even if the clients have any like, one, either really  starting photos that they have that you could use. Yeah, maybe ones that they didn't actually upload into the app, for example. Yeah. Checking . Or if they have like a crazy  like gym rig show, like post pump, and they just look  unreal.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think that made him enjoy training again. This type of result is exactly what built for the track. Exactly what built for the traders is a 12 week check. exactly been training again. This type of result is exactly. Exactly what built for the trade. See how it slows down a little bit there? Yeah, this type of result is exactly what built for the trade. Is it 12 weeks? I'd also get him to. Yeah, I'll put comments to fix all the spelling on them as . Yeah, but it won't. Enjoy training again. This type of result is exactly what built for the trade is.
Arran Humphreys: So you reckon if I say the title, don't slow it down. Keep it fast. Built for the trade is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so if I was going to do that. Or you're training again. This type of result is exactly what built training is. So this is where I'd come into changing the wording to make sure it suits how you actually speak. Because it's like, I can understand why saying this type of result. The result is exactly what built for the trade is. This type of result is exactly what built for the trade is. So again, I can kind of understand how that may be a little bit hard to get out. That's odd. I tweaked that to be like, these types of results, these types of results is exactly why I built. Is exactly what built for the track. These types of results is exactly why I created built for the trade.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, okay, yeah, it is.
Kyle Musca: It's a 12-week challenge that is designed for tradies, miners, and shift workers who are done with it and want to change their life. A 12-week challenge specifically built for tradies, miners, again, and again, if you see something like that, like, would you call them miners, for example?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah, that's what I was thinking.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, if you say anything like that, might want to tweak it, because it's like, miners are the niche demographic, so it's like when the scripts are written, no colon miners. Again, people don't really associate them with minors. So it's like a 12-week challenge specifically built for tradies, blokes working in fly-in, fly-out, or doing the grueling night shifts.
Arran Humphreys: You know what Just off the top of Yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because people, you know, dudes identify with working fly-in, fly-out.
Arran Humphreys: probably, like I've never heard someone call himself a minor. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's a very small detail, but just like for future stuff.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's, nah, get you.
Kyle Musca: Life, within the challenge, you'll get meal plans made for on-site and your days off. A workout pro. Now, with this, I know. Program designed for at-home or even the  side gyms. Full access to our app and want to change their life. Within the, this is obviously in the script, so this is kind of technically my bad. But whenever we're mentioning features, like, and this is just a, like a key principle that I'd always remember. then I imagine what you're I can, Say Always mention the benefits to why the feature is. So the features themselves don't sell, right? No. The benefits do. So, for example. The challenge, you'll get meal plans made for on-site and your days off.
Arran Humphreys: So you never left guessing or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. It's usually like a so you X, Y, Z. So you know exactly what to eat, when to eat it. So you know exactly what to eat and when to eat it to get the best results possible.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also, again, you're going to have your own way of going about certain things, but you'll see like when I do my scripts and everything, or like when I'm filming the ads and everything like that, I kind of try and think of like more like a motivational, inspirational speaker, if anything. So you'll see like I kind of talk in that tonality of like you'll get a custom meal plan so you know exactly what to eat and how to eat it. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Like, yeah, like real effort by like. Like, yeah, yeah, like like like So it's just a little bit more like passionate. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Passion is probably the right word for it, to be honest. Someone who does do this well, and this is like kind of where I developed this from. I'm you've seen it. You know Physique Factory?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like you. I think he's changed up a little bit, but like back in the day, he was very aggressive with it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I remember seeing it.
Kyle Musca: At this point, man, what can I even tell you? That isn't just completely obvious. So you can hear instantly from that tone.
Arran Humphreys: It's like a confident tone. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: How  is this thing? Get out of here. 13 weeks. Changes this big used to be a matter of months and months, years even, for something like this. It is now with... At this point, man. Also, careful.
Arran Humphreys: All of his abs are just straight up, just social proof, eh?
Kyle Musca: Like, he just pumps it. Yeah. Yeah, because he's – but, again, you'll actually notice, because I obviously pay close attention to – not close attention as much anymore, but, like, I do come back and refer back to him quite a bit. You'll notice that a lot of these guys are just guys he's used from  ages. You know what mean? Like, the amount of guys that actually go through his program and the amount of guys that actually get crazy transmissions, I think, would be a very different story.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, I could even try some of this, because I've got  heaps of good, like, pretty deadly ones, eh? Pretty deadly transformations.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, again, that's where, like, the proof, plan, promise script would come in, like, the framework comes in a clutch, because that's essentially what this is.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, we'll keep watching this. And that's – so, as library is another really cool thing, like, I'll definitely get used to, especially if you're going to film one. Off the top of your head because you like before, especially like while you're getting into it and everything and feeling it out, really good to come in, you know, to search someone like, you know, this guy, for example, or any, any other one, any other coaches that you know, do do good ads, for example, even you can even do mine and just sort of like analyze how they say certain things and everything to extract ideas.
Arran Humphreys: Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: A work that obviously just, you know, especially if you use it, I don't steal what I say. A program designed for at home or even the  side gyms, full access to our app and. So it's like for, for workout programs, for the side gym, like I think a big selling point there would be like, you know, you adjusting it for what, like a hundred percent custom built. So anything you don't, so anything you don't have access to, you'll basically adjust or, you know.
Arran Humphreys: So you're not left scratching your head when you're going to train or something.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. Exactly. You know what mean? So... So... So... I'll build you a fully-customized training program that suits perfectly for what equipment you have access to on-site. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, solving that very specific problem that only fly-in, fly-out guys have.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Even the  site, Jim's full access to our app and Me In Your Corner every step of the way. Me In Your Corner every step of the  site, Jim's full access to our app and Me In Your think from what I've picked up, after you say end sometimes, there's usually a bit of dead space.
Arran Humphreys: Full access to our app and Me In See how there's a bit of that dead space there?
Kyle Musca: I think, because again, dead space isn't the end of the world for certain parts, but it's like end is just essentially like a linking word.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It just links one sentence to another. So it's like there's no point having this.
Arran Humphreys: Dead space around that point. Yeah, that's true. Ah, okay.
Kyle Musca: In your corner, every step of the way. What was that?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, this is good for me to have a mental note of it, you know, so I can.
Kyle Musca: Like, overall, I came up good. I'm just, like, being critical so we can refine it. Wait, plus, you'll get your chance to win a share of five. See how you've been there? Step of the way, plus. Dead space. You'll get your chance to win a share of $5,000. Plus, you'll get your chance to win a there was even a little bit of dead space after win.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: A share of $5,000 worth of prizes. Now, I'm that confident that this works. Now, I'm that confident, dead space, that this works. If you follow all the systems and give it your all, and you're genuinely not happy with your results, I refund you your money and give you some cash. You're wasting your time. So, if you're tired of being in the same loop and actually want to see results. So, even something like this, you know what I mean? Sometimes, I like to take...
Arran Humphreys: It's a transformation more than just physical.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Because it's like, again, you know, yes, people want to look healthier and fitter and  stronger and everything like that. But like a lot of guys want to do it for, you know, confidence reasons and like insecurities and stuff like that. Yeah, yeah. Like, so you could do it. Like, yes, he's obviously gained a  ton of muscle. Like, how much more confident do you feel you feel? How much more confident do you think you'd be if you were the guy on the right compared to the guy on the left?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Yeah,  no. Yeah, yeah, get that.
Kyle Musca: Sometimes I'll pick apart like facial stuff and everything, depending on how they look. Like, he's obviously smiling, so you wouldn't be like, he's  depressed. But like, for example, he does look very confident in this right-hand photo, you know what mean? Yeah, yeah, And that's the thing I want you to notice. It's not just that he's stacked on a -loaded muscle. He's become more confident than he's ever  been, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, okay. Yep, yep, yep, Because that's what guys want.
Kyle Musca: That's what will inspire them to do it. Yeah. Yeah. Don't see... me the word trade and let's have a proper chat. And let's have a proper chat. We kick off on a C results. DM me the word trade and let's have a proper chat. A little bit of dead space after have.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. I'm just like breaking these down.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Repeating now. off on a... And then let me... Again, when I first got back into the videos this year as well. So it's like the first few weeks are definitely ... Like my first  ones when I got back this year after, you know, having that month off, they were like  over two minutes long. And I'm like, , I'm talking way too much.
Arran Humphreys: So it's important to sort of break them down and like analyze what to... I am keen to see how these ones do go because I...
Kyle Musca: I think they're a lot better than the first ones. Yeah, 100%. And that's the biggest thing as well. As long as they're noticeably improving every single time, you get to a point where they're really good quite quick. The other thing, these ones weren't bad at all. I mean, kind of getting there. Go through them. We've already spoken about this. See if there's parts where you can kind of cut them out to make shorter versions. Again, we did it last time as well, but yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. So, you can see, like, for me, it's add one, add one shorter, add two, add two shorter, add two shortest.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You're a bloke in his 30s or 40s, and you're looking at sort of 10, 20, or even 30 plus kilos of fat, but no matter what you do, nothing seems to work.
Arran Humphreys: And stop scrolling because it's There's no dead space there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also very, very tangible. I'm speaking of men in their 30s or 40s. 10, 20, or even 30? 10, 20, 30 kilos. I've already used five different numbers in that first three seconds.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Plus kilos of fat, but no matter what you do, nothing seems to work. And stop scrolling, because this video could literally change your life. I want you to meet Harry. Harry came to me looking to build a lean, muscular physique, and he'd been trying everything under the sun for months to achieve that. But no matter what he did, he just wasn't seeing any real results. He'd done the excessive cardio and training, and he restricted himself to the point where he basically had no social life. And despite all his efforts, he had nothing to show for it. Now, Harry was almost ready to throw in the towel, but luckily he understood that if he was doing everything he Now, if I was breaking this down, like I just broke it down a few, the only thing I would say is like, I want more  on screen. More . Like more eye-engaging stuff, to be honest, which I might even go back and tell after like now breaking this down with you. Yeah. But again, like that's how, like everything I just did for you is how I will do it for myself as well. Like I'll look at it and like essentially just try and pick apart the negatives more than anything.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But see how there's just, it's very, very fast. Again, you're going to have different speech styles and everything than me, so I'm not saying like do what I do exactly, but see how there's no real dead space. It's very, very fast.
Arran Humphreys: It's very to the point. Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then for this framework as well, these are, so from memory, I'm doing the StorySeek solution. You know, and so I'm telling Harry's story.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: To the point where he basically had no real, real result for months to achieve that. But no matter what he did, he just wasn't seeing any real results. He'd done the excessive cardio and training, and he'd restricted himself to the point where he basically had no social life. And despite all his efforts, he had nothing to show for it. Now, Harry was almost ready to throw in the towel, but luckily he understood that if he was doing everything he could, but wasn't really seeing any real results. Then he needed to seek professional help. that's exactly when Harry came to me. We broke down what he was doing and we restructured it. So that was seek. So I'm linking it to the solution. Yeah, and this is the solution. Make sure that everything was geared towards his life, his body, and his goals. Within a month, Harry dropped five kilos and went from the guy that says, I'll have our own. Within a month. My mind, sir. So she calls me daddy now. I mean, look at him. He looks like an absolute stud. And the crazy thing is, he's actually doing less than he was before, but getting much better results. And if that story doesn't tickle, you're pickled. Even for something like that. Less than he was before, but getting much better results. And the crazy thing is. So yeah, the crazy thing is, fast. He's actually doing less than. He's actually doing, we're still fast. Was before, but getting. Slowed down. He's doing less than he was before. Much better results. And then I kind of sped it up, but getting, and then much better results, I'll emphasize. I'll play that again, because I kept pausing. You couldn't really hear it, but. Yeah, I mean, look at him. And the crazy thing is. He's actually doing less than he was before, but getting much better results. And if that story doesn't tick. So it's very faint. Like, it's not like you slow it right down, but it's like, if it's like, you know, not really the important part of the sentence, I like to try and speed it up so I can emphasize those more goals. Yeah, yeah. And emphasizing can look at different ways. Usually it's a combination of two things. Sometimes it's like slowing it down, like slightly, depending on what, again, there's different circumstances. Different things. But slowing it down, but also obviously, like, I guess, deepening and elevating your voice at the same time. You know what I mean? Like, much better results. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Like, just emphasizing the word. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Pickle hit pickle. There's Harley who dropped 17 kilos in 17 weeks and became literally unrecognizing. Yeah. And this is something I'd really get in the habit for you, especially if you're going to do it off the top of your head, is have, like, certain mini stories. series. Or words and phrases that you use per client transformation. So every time I bring up Harley, for example, I always talk on how he becomes unrecognizable because there's a lot of guys out there that want to fully transform their life. They want to become, you know, someone completely different, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I get you.
Kyle Musca: And that's what social proof is like really good for because if they can see someone who is in a similar position to them that has achieved a goal that they want to achieve, physically and, you know, again, unrecognizable, then it's like that will stir up a lot of emotion for them to actually want to do something.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then there's Scott, who at the age of 48 dropped over 20 kilos in just under six months, all while working a full-time job and having a family to look after. So who do you think that applies to?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, or just, you know, their older demographic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, or have a full-time job and a family to look after. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Which is my... Those guys.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The guys I want to work with anyway.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, after working with over a thousand different men, we've proven that we're the best at this. And we do it in a way that not only helps to achieve your dream physique, but we teach you every step of the process to make sure that you never struggle with this issue again. So if you want to be next and you want to achieve a crazy transformation just like these lads, at the end of the word, shred, then I'm going to be straight. Wrong wording, I've just realized, but that's fine. get hundreds of messages every single day. So don't message me if you're not actually... Yeah. Does that make sense then?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, bro. No, that does make sense.
Kyle Musca: I actually don't mind like the yapping now because then it means like, again, and I can just come in. So usually what I'll do for most videos... So I'll add like a full version following the framework where it's got features and benefits and social proof. And then what I'll do for the shorter versions is I'll just cut out either one or both of them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like this is the direct response full one by the looks of it. One minute 50 compared to one minute 12.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like obviously significantly increased. And usually I'm getting the CTA. So the CTA actually comes out here because I always do a reinforcement. So the actual CTA is at a minute.
Arran Humphreys: At a minute. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, and that's just, again, I mean, I don't even need to have this up in front of me because I know now off the top of my head, but it's like just following. So these are the two that I, and again, you don't need to do all of them, like, especially like while you're getting used to it, you might even want to stick to one or two just to really nothing. Nothing.
Arran Humphreys: For example, you might even want to just do, yeah, Passer, for example, but attack it from a different angle every single time. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, so it's like one script you might just do, like, fully, like, non-exclude tradies, but just talk to dudes doing fly-in-fly-out work. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know. You're doing fly-in-fly-out, and, yeah. You know, if you're a dude working fly-in-fly-out, if you're a dude doing, if you're a dude doing massive days working fly-in-fly-out, and, yeah, again, like, this is how I literally do it when I sit down and film as well. I'll just , like, kind of piece the sentence together.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, because that's sort of what I've been getting in the habit of doing, so now I will just keep on just trying and... And just  going off the framework. I think I'm getting a lot better at it now, man, too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. And, you know, there's certain things that you can, again, there's just like certain little words that will really call out your target audience. And usually it's a lot simpler than when you think, like you think, and for that reason, you kind of overthink it. So, for example, Bree was getting a lot of Indians, right? So something I just told her to do is in a hook, she's like, if you're an Aussie woman.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Because I've been getting it, I've got a , I've got a few Indians, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Indians are .
Arran Humphreys: A, didn't they?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's annoying. I don't know what I always time wasters, but like 90% of the time they are time wasters.
Arran Humphreys: I had this one, I had this one, and I could barely even understand the . And I went through the whole, the whole call. As soon as I give him the price, he just hung up. I'm sorry. He  did it, .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Indians are a pain in the arse, man. Yeah, let's break this down. Like, if you're a... Like... Yeah. Um, yeah, okay, cool. If you're an Aussie bloke working massive days doing fly-in, fly-out, and you're looking to strip 10 to 20-plus kilos, right, you might even do 10 to 15, 8 to 12, whatever you want, right, of fat, but no matter how hard you try it, you can never find a plan that actually suits your work schedule, right? Now we're solving a very specific point. Then this video is for you.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And, and with the hooks, like, there's different ways to go about hooks and everything like that, of course, but I always like to, now, now, I, especially for ads, I always want to make sure that the hook, yes, drives enough curiosity that they want to keep watching, but essentially what I want to get out of the hook is, like, the person I'm speaking to knows that the video should, applies 100% to them, and they They should understand exactly what it's about. And this is, again, where AI  up a lot because it's like, I'll use Hattie's actually. So I'm only using this as an example because I can read them and very much clearly see that it's AI. So your body is changing, weight shifting to your midsection, clothes fitting differently, nothing makes sense anymore. It's like, I can kind of understand what you're talking about, but not at the same time. You know what mean? Like if you just, if this just randomly pops up in your story out of the blue, it's like, I can't understand what you're talking about, but it's not interesting for me to keep watching.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And that was just a random one. You're exhausted by 2 p.m., dragging yourself through the day, relying on coffee to function. You used to have energy for everything. Now you're just trying to survive until bedtime. It's like... Like, all of that, yes, applies to most people, but, like, what am I actually going to get out of this from continuing to read? It's only until here I get, I'm looking for women who want 5-10 killers and get their energy back.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You feel invisible, not to just others, to yourself. It's like, yes, but, again, I don't know what this is about, or if it even applies to me.
Arran Humphreys: Does it make sense? Yeah, yeah, that makes sense, bro.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. So it's like, the hook, it's like, they should know exactly that it's for them and who it's not for. And by saying it to exactly who it is for, you will automatically exclude everyone that it's not for, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: I know that makes sense. I was going to ask you too, bro, with, like, the challenge, right? So we say it starts on, I think, a certain day. Then when, like... We run the ads and I get people. So do I just get like full payment and then they start on that date? Is that how I'm going to do it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would. To be honest, like you'll find that people won't even question it. Like a lot of them might not even bring up the challenge when they actually get there. So again, the front-end marketing is just get them through the door. A lot of people don't actually remember what they  even clicked on.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. And then I just charge normal prices, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yep.
Arran Humphreys: You reckon I should still try to push like a six-month and that and say that?
Kyle Musca: Well, if you've done a three-month challenge, if you've said it's a 12-week, to be fair, I mean, it does depend on what the person, like if they need to lose 20 kilos, you'd be like, look, to be honest, what, you know, to be honest, it's probably going to take you more than 12 weeks. But what we can do is we can still be up and running with this challenge and everything like that. And you still have all the chances to win, absolutely. Yep. But then... Again, it's very, like, case by case, but you'll find that, like, for example, I've got this another chick, as I said, she was running a challenge, and it's specifically for women who knew at least more than 20 kilos in six months. And she's found that, like, no one brings up the challenge at all.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. Yeah, like, they just , they don't question it. Yeah, sick, sick. Because that's the thing, I just need more, I get more calls. I reckon I'm going pretty good on my sales calls. I'm, I'm, I'm pretty happy with them. I just need more of the . Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, the sales process for you is dialed. You got a good close, right? So now it's just, our next chapter would be really just dialing in your messaging and getting you to authentically be able to do that without any kind of influence from, especially AI. , you're really not a fan of creative writing and AI. Like, even for me, I'm trying to find copywriters that can do it, and they all  use AI, and I can tell straight away. that they're using AI.
Arran Humphreys: I don't I do.
Kyle Musca: I don't need a  copywriter to put something through AI to write me something.
Arran Humphreys: I can do that. Yeah, okay. So, yeah. Also, too, just before we end, I sent you through like a, I changed my little VSL thing, like my video before my prequel. I just wanted to see what you thought of it. So, I sent it through to you like before I sent you the videos, so it probably got pushed up. It's like a little, it's real simple, but it's just added in more . Like, so the video is straight away, and then if you scroll down, there's just some transformations. And then I put this video here from a lad, and then that's, oh, I want to update that on the web browser version. Yeah, I just made it to look good on the phone, so maybe I should change this for the thing as well.
Kyle Musca: Most people are on their phone, I don't think they'll pay too much. What I would do here is if you are going to do this, like flood this with social proof.
Arran Humphreys: Heaps of it.
Kyle Musca: Like as many as you possibly can.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Because that's, you if I come in here and I only see three transmissions, it's like, oh.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, just give it  heaps of the .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like just give it so much that they don't even look at any. Like they probably obviously look at a few in depth. So have your best ones probably at the top because that's the first ones they'll look at. Yeah. So for example, if we go to. Oh, how interesting. Let's turn off all these ads. Let's Let's I feel kind of bad for this girl, to be honest.
Arran Humphreys: Why is that? I thought he'd be doing hectic numbers.
Kyle Musca: Apparently he does, or he did. I don't know. I've heard he does do really well. But then Instagram's obviously changed its algorithm and stuff, and I think that his video templates, it would have used to do really well. don't think they really work anymore at all. And, like, when you actually go into his, um, oh,  it, I mean, yeah, back in the day, I bought his templates, actually.
Arran Humphreys: And they did   out. I was shocked.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he, um, I mean, like, he's got a pretty big business, so I'm not going put anything on him specifically. But I remember Torrin talking to me, and, like, he was telling me about how he had a meeting with one of his sales teams. And then one of his other mates had a meeting with him as well, and they were saying that, like, they...
Arran Humphreys: Help Torren grow his account. Oh, really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was like, what the ? But quickly on there, so yeah, like you come down and when he gets to the social proof part, like he's got a really good landing page and everything like that. Like the funnel is obviously really dull there. And then you can see it's just like heaps and heaps of social proof. I mean, if you're going to use social proof on a landing page.
Arran Humphreys: Heaps of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, depending on what you're trying to get out of it. So for yours, for example, like they're not going anywhere from here besides you just adding a pre-call message and  like that. So it's like, if you're going to do that, just  add so much that, you know, by the time they get to it, they're probably already clicked off.
Arran Humphreys: Like by the time they get to the bottom. Yeah, okay. I can do that. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: But just on that as well, we're on that topic. It's probably turned off now. I mean, actually. It's still going to be pretty good. That's where I saw it the other day where I was getting like,  all.
Arran Humphreys: Well, for his following, it's probably not too...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's better than I thought it was. I don't know where I saw it, but it was like, , like,  all. I was like, that's  rough. Yeah. Is this a different actual video?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so that video down the bottom is like, um, my client. No, this, that, yeah, this is like my client. That's the same one that I always had. This is like my client.
Kyle Musca: You've been killed. Oh, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Telling me like, uh, how he, how he went. And it was actually good. Like, he says it like changed his life and .
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. it. You know, you've made some really, really good progress. Not only just physically, but from the feedback, right? Just straight away on this. If you're going to do this, I'll probably edit it. it. or get an editor to edit it.
Arran Humphreys: So it's just like the key parts of it. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: It's like if I saw two minutes 44 of it, know.
Arran Humphreys: No, well, I have, I have, I cut it all down. This was just the intro and then the rest of it sort of just him talking about how.
Kyle Musca: Like the way you're feeling. Oh, yeah, confidence-wise and stuff. 100%, bro. Like, it's really funny. I never, I never really thought I'd be one of those people that I'd come back and say that it was like life-changing, but it  has been. And that's crazy. It's crazy, bro. Like, I've got more energy. I'm more confident. Like, the Instagram page. Yeah, man, that was cool. All sorts of different, like, little things have been happening. Like, there's other little. Even for that, though, like, I would get an editor to cut out, like, any of the, again, the dead space. Like, especially when you're chatting to someone, you know, who's not used to being on camera and stuff, they can, like, um, and ah, and pause a lot. So, it's like, just go get them to, like, clean that right up. it's just like, again, super engaging, super fast. Thank And they're just like, it's  life-changing with so much more confidence, like whatever else he goes on to say.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So, um, and I would keep doing these as well, man. Like, yeah, well, I got another dude this week that I did it because I posted that on my Instagram too.
Kyle Musca: I would even like, I would even less like, um, let them know beforehand as well. Like, haven't properly tested this. I was thinking about this the other day. Um, cause I did a, basically an in-person one with one of my clients that came over here to Thailand. Um, and I was like, , I should have let him know the questions I was going to ask so he can like actually think about them and deliver them properly.
Arran Humphreys: Oh yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I was like, yeah, I've got that testimonial cheat sheet framework thing.
Arran Humphreys: I've never sent you that before. Nah, you haven't actually. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I said to him, I said, oh, can I use it? And then I said. Anybody that comes through and they've watched a video give you a referral bonus. So he was like, yeah, sick. Because referrals worked really well for me, bro. Like I've had some lads just  pumping me with people like this. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Referrals will be your easiest sales by far. And yeah, you'll find feeders, man. Like if you get someone who refers one person, they'll usually refer quite a few. This is for them if they were going to film their own video. But I guess the concept still works the same. I mean, so it's just like, you what made you sort of reach out? What results have you achieved since starting? Like you would just obviously say this in conversation, but cool, man. Like what have you been your biggest wins so far? You know what mean? Someone who does these really well as well, just while we're on the ads library topic as well. Like that is. So, again, these are the retarget ads I was sort of talking about. What have been the positives? What is the good stuff? I found the program fits in with me and my lifestyle. Like, it's not been something that's super hard that I haven't been able to achieve. I love that I have a coach because I've not done anything like you run them as ads. Yeah, so what you can do is you can run them as retarget ads and it's, like, very cost-effective because you're only trying to target a very small people of, let's say, anyone that's messaged you in the last seven days.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's, like, super  cheap. And it just means, like, either while they're conversating with you or, you know, while they're sitting there, you know, leading up to a book. Thank Or they're just constantly getting , you know, the program's been absolutely fantastic. It's been life-changing.
Arran Humphreys: The team's so great. You know what mean? Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Social proof, I would definitely focus on building. Like, you've got, obviously, good social proof in terms of transformations, but, like, nothing's really more powerful than someone on camera saying, like, it's been  life-changing.
Arran Humphreys: You've been absolutely  awesome. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: All that .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, well, I'll work on getting some more of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I did see that, I seen Jesse had an ad up of one as well. Yeah. He's running them as, like, direct ads, which I probably wouldn't do, but, yeah, he's doing something there. But, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sweet. But, yeah, sick. That was that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think I really had too many other questions this week. Just obviously, just I'll do that coach one up, see how we go there. And then with the coach too, I should just probably just trickle feed them like new clients and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, ideally for you specifically, you'll probably want someone who's like part-time somewhere else if possible. So it's not like they're fully relying on your income and that way you're not super stressed to like get them.
Arran Humphreys: Get more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like you're not super stressed, just  fill them up.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Because I, , the last week I was like, , I need to coach ASAP.
Kyle Musca: And then we had a slower week and I'm like, oh , maybe I don't need one. The other thing you could do as well, man, like, is trying, again, this might be a little bit more difficult with where you're at. Yeah, you could always. Try and hire someone like locally to you because then you can just like, you know, I remember my second coach when I brought him up, I just paid him like 30 or 40 bucks an hour and just told him to come  hold the camera for me, you what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Like, wow, I feel mad. Yeah. Well, that's it. I have, bro, like there's people, but they're not qualified. Like I've got people that were like, but they're just not qualified on them. Like they're jacked in that and they've worked in their minds, but I'm like, , I don't know. But then, yeah, you want them to be qualified.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You want to make sure they know what they're  talking about. You also want to make sure they're good with people as well.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: you don't want to, especially, you know, dudes working out in mines and trades and stuff, they probably have had pretty minimal customer service jobs. You know? So it's like.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Like I, I sort of want someone who like you could, I guess like it's got to be someone that you can sort of, they speak, you know, proud of like that. But, you know, they, someone looks up to them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Exactly. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Well, they're a reflection of you. They should be a reflection of you. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But we'll give the ads a go for it. See how that goes. And then I'll just keep, I'm just going to keep trying, just keep pumping Organic. Been getting pretty good reach. I found maybe, I don't know, maybe like Organic slowed when I was posting content in Bali. I don't know if people think like, oh, you can travel in.
Kyle Musca: Nah, nah, I think it's a location thing, to be honest. I've looked into this. I don't reckon it does matter, but like how those algorithms usually work is when you post something, it will share to people in your location that don't follow you. So it's like, if you're in like Bali or like a different country, one, you know, you've got all of the locals and stuff that probably won't even  apply to them. probably won't even understand you. And then two, you're getting a bunch of people that just, you know, maybe different cultures and stuff. So you're not going to resonate with them as well. Because I've definitely experienced that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, because I was getting mad reach, like engagement, but like, no, not as many organic inquiries.
Kyle Musca: So I was like, yeah, yeah, I think it's one, the location, and two, again, these are just sort of like hunches and stuff from what I've picked up because I've traveled around a bit. But the algorithm might see that you're just suddenly in a different country and think it's a bit weird. I think that's probably less of a thing. I think if anything, it'd be more so it shows to people in the area first.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Because sometimes I do get worried that people are like, oh, this guy's making good money or he's just traveling around and  him. You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's easy to think like that, but it's actually like the opposite, actually. Like in terms of human psychology, you want to be bigger than life. You want to be sort of, it's like a mix between. Bigger than life, if you read the 48 laws of power, bigger than life, also like, and these are two different laws, by the way, they're not the same. Bigger than life, but relatable as well. It's only when you're bigger than life, but you're completely unrelated, like you just, you have nothing in common with the commoner, essentially, that they'll like turn on you.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: But if you're bigger than life and you relate to them, then they'll see you as an inspiration.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, again, you just got to, even just show it. A good way to, you know, connect that, make that link is again, just show appreciation. I mean, living, you know, again, off the top of my head, like if you made a story post, like, you know, I've done  work down the mines for five years. Yeah. Yeah. And been able to build this coaching business. And I just want to take a second to really thank all you guys, because you guys are the one that made this possible. And I'm passionate about, you know, I'm Painting and helping other men, you know, change their lives in a similar situation. But again, none of it's possible without you guys. So I just want to, you know, share my opinion or something. You know what mean? Because that's how you connect it.
Arran Humphreys: You're relatable, but you're also living the life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, well, I might even do one of them this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a good little like  audience farming thing. Adam EBT is quite good at it as well. He's a good example of that. Where he's like obviously  loaded as, doesn't live a normal life to anyone. But like people still really relate to him. You know what No one looks. And he has talked about that. I've seen him talk about where he didn't like post it, you know, how well he was doing because he feared that. But then when he started posting it, like it was the opposite effect. People actually like were attracted to him more because of that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, that's true. That is true. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And people see you doing well as well.
Arran Humphreys: And they're like, , he, you must have a good service if he's doing well. Yeah, if he's doing well.
Kyle Musca: well. People coming out. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that is true. Yeah. But yeah, I am thinking about doing the whole Dubai setup. I'll make eight grand to get everything that I'm going through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if I was you, like, I'm getting completely up to you. But if I was you, I'd do the, set the business up in Dubai and just come over to Thailand, man.
Arran Humphreys: It's like 500. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: It's like less than $500 to get your  five-year visa here. And then you can just sort of bounce between the two as much as you want.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Because you get your residency in Dubai. Because I half wouldn't mind getting something, like, get an apartment and, like, Airbnb it out. Like, I wouldn't ever live in it. Just, like, get an investment in Dubai. Because there's no, you don't get capital gains tax or nothing when it goes up in value.
Kyle Musca: No, no. The only thing I'd be careful about that is Dubai is, like, good in the sense that, like, it doesn't let foreigners ever become. Um, proper citizens. Like, you can never vote and you can never, like, again, I don't know the exact details. I remember looking into, like, that a while ago, but it's, like, you can never actually own land or something like that. Oh, yeah. But, yeah, still good. Still good investment, obviously, because you get so much tourism through it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's what I was thinking. And, like, you can get them on, like, mad payment plans and  with, like, zero interest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. There's a heap of different  you can do. I mean, like, I remember speaking to one of my mates who lives there, and you can buy, like, the off-plan ones, like, 80%. Oh, no, you can buy the off-plan ones, and as soon as they hit the market, they'll go up by, like, 250 grand. You can just sell them. But the issue with that is you need, like, an 80% down payment.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, that's the ones I've been looking at, bro. So, it's, like, it's, like, 20%. It's 20% down for, like, the apartment's, like, 300,000 Australian. So, it was, like, I don't know, 75,000 80,000 down, call it such, close to. 100. And then it's like 5% repayments every three months for like the two years of construction. And then at the end of it, it was like a balloon payment of whatever it was, 40% left or something like that, which is actually half deadly.
Kyle Musca: Are you sure about that? Because I remember looking into that and it was like, for those ones, maybe it was just the ones I was looking at, but they wanted like 80% like upfront.
Arran Humphreys: Nah, bro, nah. I'll send them to you. This chick sent me a heap of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's mint.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I was like, , this looks actually off its head. But for me, I just want to make sure that, make sure, you know, it's been going well long enough, you know what Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you have to get over here and check it out, man.
Arran Humphreys: He'll be  hooked.
Kyle Musca: One of Bree's  maids came over for like 10 days and she was like, believe you guys. To live here, and then like three days in, she was just  immersed, and then she didn't want go home.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I'm keen, bro. I'm not. Yeah, get rid of tax. Well, I worked it out, man. Like even I was looking at places in Dubai, like the rent in Dubai is less than the  tax I'd have to pay anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The rent, from my experience, the rent was probably pretty similar to Australia's. But again, yeah, you just don't have to pay tax and everything like that. Yeah. I would definitely go check it out and see how you like, the time zones, and two, the traffic. Because it's like, if you're going to do it, and if I was going to do it again, I would stay in the heart and pay more for an apartment. Because you don't really need, if you're there, you don't really need a car or anything like that as much. But like, if you stay in like JVC, which is where I stayed originally, which doesn't look like it's very far out in the map at all. It's like  30 minutes at least to go anywhere. I don't if it's peaking.
Arran Humphreys: Our traffic, like, it just doesn't  move. Oh, really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Because the road systems weren't built for that, the level of growth it's had.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, the road systems are .
Arran Humphreys: Because you bought a sick car when you were there, didn't you? Like, a Hellcat or something?
Kyle Musca: Oh, I just rented that. Oh, I did, you just rented it? But that was, like, a V6. It kind of turned out to be, like, pissed me off, actually, because it wasn't very powerful. But, like, to buy a car, if there's  cheap, as, like, the full Hellcats and, like, the V8  superchargers and  or whatever, they were, like, 40, 50 grand.
Arran Humphreys: That's hectic, kind of.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, they would have been a bit sicker, I reckon, but.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. But, um, that'd be cool, bro. It was, yeah. It's cool that we sort of can do that stuff with this type of business, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. To be honest, like, because I kind of was in a similar spot with you, you obviously had in, like, sort of. Know what to expect with it and everything. But as soon as I moved up, because you can still spend six months in Australia anyway if you wanted to. And then, you know, if you go on a holiday,  go over to Bali, go over to Thailand, stay in Dubai a little bit, like, you know, and you're , you're all good there anyway. But to be honest, as soon as I got out of Australia, like, and the more I sort of checked out other places, I was like, I don't really want to go back.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It is  sick, man. And I can go, like, five minutes to everything, like, the beach is, like, yeah, five minutes away. You go to any chemist and just , they'll pull out a big book of, like, all the gear and peptides you want.
Arran Humphreys: I don't need, like, TRT and stuff, but, like, you know, just pull out a book and you get, like, training and .
Kyle Musca: And, like, the one I go to is, like, a doctor that works there and she , like, I was like, oh, do you have Cimax, which is, like, a brain peptide?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, And she was  ordering for me and everything. Really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Well, that was, because that's what happened to me. Last time I went to Bali, went to Kangoo, and I managed to get tests from the chemist, but all the while too, couldn't get it, man. So I was feeling like  by the end of the week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the issue with Bali as well is like, they're so much more strict on like the drug laws specifically.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's like here, there's weed shops  everywhere. And, you know, not that I'd recommend it, but if you did want to go out and have a  big night, like it's not, you're not going to be  sentenced to death like in Bali.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. that.
Kyle Musca: that. Yeah. So, yeah. That's why I just say it's like a cooler version of Bali, to be honest. I just  sick here, but all in good time, man.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Bloody oath. But, nah, man. Thanks for that. Get those new graphics done this week. I'll make up that coach one as well. And then other than that, man, I'll get that last graphic, last video. For the challenge out to you as well. And then we'll be good to go from there.
Kyle Musca: What did you say the official start date of the challenge was?
Arran Humphreys: Let's take a look. It'll be on this, on our script. Sorry, Brad, give me a minute.
Kyle Musca: There we go.
Arran Humphreys: April 20th. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we want to get that up and run pretty soon then.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, like a month.
Kyle Musca: Have you done graphics for it?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, so I can do them as well, if you want.
Kyle Musca: Just for everything we spoke about before. Thank um just do the graphic those graphics for the trade to fit for the trade okay yep all right um yeah basically everything spoke bad just add in fit for the trade challenge and prize pool and um entries so again that was what i was saying with the disclaimer um under it so it's like cta under it um entries closed 21 uh 20th of april yeah okay yeah yeah yeah beautiful okay send me send me maybe like one or two first just so i can like give feedback before you do all of them yeah yeah right okay try try and prioritize them as well because i probably want to get them up all right i get them done tomorrow yeah yeah that'll be tomorrow is um me quietest day for check-in so i'll get them done tomorrow yeah beautiful cool man all right bro um yeah let's get it pumping and see how we go yeah 100 100k months the next goal Yeah, well, let me know if you have any issues, but yeah, I'll chat to you soon. And even next week when you do like off the frameworks and stuff, I can just do what we spoke about, but just relate it to the challenge. We can even use them for the challenge if we can get them turned around fast enough.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. Yeah. So you've been.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, bro. I will chat to you very soon.
Arran Humphreys: Talk to you soon. Thanks for that, bro. See you, man. Bye.


>>> 139/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-26T05:40:02Z | id:132962788
People: Kyle Musca

Morgan Eldrett: You spoke to Kyle and you messaged on there. meeting is being recorded. I didn't even end up getting back to you because I'm just a bit like all over the place. Because, yeah, like I definitely, I think the more I build the business, the more I realize I don't want to do it. Like I think I always get to that same point. I'm like, no, I want to do it because I want the flexibility. And then every time I get into the weeds of it, I'm like, I just, I dread it. I can dread it so much. And I like the idea of having a coach. Like I like the idea of having the business still. But what has been sort of holding me back is like I don't like the idea of having to do like what's necessary to get it there. Like I feel like I'm in the mindset of like, well, I'm going to have to build up my clientele. I'm going to have to hustle. I'm going to do all this. And then I'm going to be able to pass it on to a coach. And I feel like I'm not willing. going like not willing. To do that. I know obviously you're going to have to at some level, but I think a lot of me is like, oh, I just don't want to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, I think the biggest thing we should cover and I guess the biggest thing I think is holding you back is just sort of like clarity around what that actually looks like and what you want it to look like for you because it's different for everyone. So, I guess when you say you don't want to do, you know, I guess the grinding work of it, is that more so the fulfillment side of things? Like actually doing the check-ins and stuff for the clients or like what do you mean specifically by that?
Morgan Eldrett: I think so. think the check-ins, like I just genuinely dread opening my messages. That's like just the biggest thing I think for me. Like, I don't mind doing the call, like the sales calls and stuff because it's just like, it's practice anyway. And I honestly don't mind connecting with my clients via calls. I just ... I can't stand the tech, like opening my messages every day. It's just, it gives me so much anxiety.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So a few things on that. So one for the messaging and stuff like that, the way I do it is just sort of like, I guess, have like segmented through the day. I mean, like I'll reply back to everyone in the morning or reply back to them, you know, through like usually around midday. I'll get back to everyone. And then again, like, you know, before I jump off at the end of the day. So it's like really three times that I'm checking them. I'm not like actively, you know, going back and forth, unless I'm already working and a message pops up or something like that and I'll easily reply. I think that definitely helps because if you're constantly, yeah, if you're constantly messaging and having conversations with people, it's it's draining. And it's not very efficient work. Like you're not, you know, you don't actually get anything done. So, yeah, I think there's that side of things. And then I guess the, when it comes to these situations as well, I think also having good understanding, like what the old term. term. So it's like, if you didn't do coaching, like, what would be the alternative that you'd do?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I don't know. Well, I don't know. Because I would like to just do, like, personally, if I could, I would not coach at all and just figure something else out. I don't know what that else out is. For me, like, I want to build a podcast and social media. Like, that would be my long-term goal of, like, just literally doing that. Um, and that's kind of, like, how it feels. Like, at the moment, it feels like coaching is just bringing me money in so I can afford to do the podcast. That's, like, kind of how I see it. Um, which, yeah, it's kind of, like, it feels awkward to say out loud, be like, oh, that's literally, I just want to, like, do the podcast. But that's truly it, to be fair.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, to be honest, that's not necessarily, like, a bad mindset to have by any means. Because realistically, when you get to your business to the point where you, most people, everyone wanted that specifically. From what it sounds like you wanted at, is you don't work in the business anymore. Like, you know, you should only really be spending about 20% of your time max actually working in the business, doing the fulfillment side of things. Your time should be focused on working on the business and doing things that can bring more people in, which, you know, especially in our case is social media. You know, the more you can be on social media, the more content you can post, the more podcasts you can do, the, you know, bigger people you can get on those episodes and really grow your podcast. The better your coaching business is going to be. And that's how I would really sort of, you know, think about any business at the end of the day is the front end is the lifestyle and, you know, the things that you are actually passionate about doing. The back end is, one, being able to help the people that are interacting with that. Like, I'm sure, you know, if a girl watches your podcast and she comes through to you coaching because she wants help, I'm you want to give her the best level of service possible and give her that help and change. It's just like, you just need to get someone in there that's capable.
Morgan Eldrett: Look. Doing that for them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Cause I definitely like, I like helping people and I like, I love the clients that do well. I love like the clients that just follow the plan. I mean, we all do obviously. Cause I enjoy that. I enjoy seeing people like when they actually lose weight and they change their life. I'm like,  it. That's like really cool. I definitely do like that. When I think about it, I'm like, no, that's like, that is what I enjoy. Um, but yeah, it's just like the working on it constantly that like, yeah, it does sort of kill me. And there's like, I think I feel bad because I see a lot of people who like that. Like Cal likes it. Cal likes to be in the weeds with the clients and I have friends that just love it. And I'm like, I just don't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, that's pretty similar to me. Like once I started bringing on, you know, um, coaches and everything like that, I stopped taking clients myself. And then like, I remember, um, towards the end, I had like three clients of three. Check-ins a week that I had to do. And every time it came around, was just like, .
Morgan Eldrett: I procrastinated so much.
Kyle Musca: But like for me, for example, I don't work directly one-on-one with fitness clients. I can do this type of stuff because I enjoy doing this type of stuff. You know what mean? Like I get to work and do what I want to do, essentially. I think for you, that's a very reasonable, like for most people, I don't think it would be because you have to, you know, build yourself to a point where you can't get to that. you know, obviously, to financially support yourself, usually have to do the coaching yourself. But for you, you've got the following, like you're very similar to Cal. You know, it's got the following, you're getting the engagement, the views. You know, you've got the physique that goes with it. You've had the credentials to go with it and everything like that. That bringing on a coach, I don't think is very unreasonable for you at all. And building them over time, it would just rely on you being confident and comfortable to continuously push and ask for it on the front end when you are putting that content out.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Which I feel like I am. And I think the thing that constantly. It's holding me back is the fact that I'm like, well, I don't really want, like, I think it is, even like over the last, if think about all the last calls we've had, and you're like, you know, you have to do this, you have to do this, and part of me is like, yeah, I understand, but I don't want to. But if I have the thought process of like, well, I'm building this greater than myself, it's building the business, and it's building every, I don't know, like more than just me, then I, it does make me excited anyway. Um, cause I know I can do it, and I know like, I posted a CTA yesterday, and I had four, I got four inquiries overnight, so as people are keen, I understand that I have that, like, that's there, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and I think, I think I mentioned the other week, um, but I think whenever it comes to this, like, situation, so you've got, there's different types of businesses you can have. You can have one that's a performance-based business, and one that's a lifestyle business, like a performance-based is like, if you just love the grind. You love the work and your life is just about the work. It's not so much about the money or anything like that. Usually, you know, obviously a lot of money comes with it if you're very good at that and that's your mindset. But then there's also the lifestyle business, which is kind of what I'm sort of living at the moment more so because I have been in the performance-based business side of things before, where it's like you kind of just like keep yourself at a really nice sort of profitable level where it's just, you know, you don't really have to, like you still have to, it's a business at end of the You're still going have to put in work and everything, don't get me wrong. But it's not like you're constantly like pushing and straining yourself and you're constantly like chasing your own tail. So for most coaches, where I think this is, is just like get one coach underneath and then fill them up to like 60, 70, 80 clients. And then you just sort of coast at that level. You really time, you have a lot of time on your hands because that's not very, like if they're managing all the fulfillments inside of things, you just kind of like make sure everything's moving and doing, everyone's doing their job and stuff, which is very easy if you get the right people on. of um, And you're really maximizing profits, you know, I mean, especially if you get to the point where they are full and you just pull back on everything and, you know, even for yourself, you could just rely on organic growth to fill up the ones that do drop off. And at that point, it's not necessarily about scaling it and growing it anymore. It's just about keeping it nice and healthy and sustained.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, I like that. Because even, like, I was thinking about it the other day and I was like, well, realistically, how much do I, how, like, how many clients do I have to have to kind of just feel that way and have it kind of just, like, ticking on in the background. But I like the idea of even if it was just, like, I didn't have to do any of it, for sure. So, I guess, when we think about, like, okay, having somebody come in and having a coach, what do you think, like, where's the minimum of, like, where do I need to be before we could even think about that, like, client-wise?
Kyle Musca: Well, it's not necessarily a client, like, type thing. Like, you've got good cash flow. But like it is to a degree, obviously, I wouldn't do it from scratch. But like you've got good cashflow and everything in the business. Again, you've got good content and everything. So it's not a base level client sort of threshold. It's more of just making sure that you can consistently get good lead flow through the door. You know what mean? So like Emily is probably a good example of that. Like she had a handful of clients when we started. We ran things up and obviously she started getting clients really, really rapidly. So it's like, we just brought a coach straight on, like straight away. You know what mean? And she just filtered all the new girls to her straight away. So it's like, which I think you're very capable of doing in terms of lead flow. Again, that just comes down to the comfortable and confidence to continuously ask and put yourself out there to know that that is an option for them.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Well, I think like, as soon as I think about promoting everything and being like, I like the idea of being like, yeah. I'm like the owner of the business. That really excites me more than anything else. And I think then if I was to sort of think about everything that we've been doing from a lens of like, this is to build the business, this is not to build up my workload, it feels completely different when I think about it. And it makes me feel like, well, I want to do that. So even thinking about everything that we have done, how it's been kind of like, I've probably resisted it a little bit. It makes me feel better when I'm like, okay, well, I'm just doing it to build the business, not to build up how many  clients I have to deal with every day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I think that's, again, the biggest bottleneck that you would experience is like, just simply because it's human nature to remain congruent with your own beliefs. Like if you're doing something that you don't genuinely believe in, then you're just not going to be very passionate. not going to do it to a very high degree, you know, high degree for it to actually work. So it's like, yeah, there's a bit of a crossroad there. So it's like, It does come down to, I guess, just, you know, where you want to take things. And like, if you're, again, bringing on a coach, I think it's definitely a reasonable option for you, as long as you're sort of prepared to, you know, market the business, to bring in clients, to give them to that coach, if that makes sense.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But in saying, yeah, in saying that as well, you also get to focus on the funnest stuff as well. Like, it's like, if you wanted to, yes, do the podcast, but, you know, maybe you want to, you know, start doing, you know, community photo shoots or, again, I'm just coming up with ideas. But you can start putting together more community aspects and stuff for the girls in general, instead of, like, just working one-on-one.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. And I definitely think so, as well. Like, I think I could then pour more into that side of things and build up that side and give them a better experience in that way anyway. Yeah. I like that idea. I think so, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. So… So… Yeah. Perfect. In terms of, like, hiring a coach then, it's a pretty simple process if that's what you want to look down. And usually I find the good thing about coaches is they're usually pretty safe hire in terms of, like, most of the time, you know, a lot of people, especially around fitness, they're passionate around fitness rather than financially driven. So you want to avoid people that are too financially driven because then they just get too money hungry and that's all they focus on. It's like sales people, for example, are very financially driven. They're very hard to find good ones because of that. But coaches, I usually find the best places to, like, source a coach is, one, you might know someone in your network, right? Like, I'm sure you probably know a lot of people, know a lot of coaches. Maybe someone who's competed before and they don't have their own coaching business. Maybe they work at a supplement shop or, you know, something like that, right? Obviously, make sure they're qualified. Make sure they represent you well. Make sure that you feel comfortable having them managing your clients. The second option there is you can always just put up a... ... ... You know what mean? Like we're looking at growing the team. If you want to work, you know, remotely and your passion about genuinely helping to change women's lives, apply here. Again, that probably would work decently well for you. You've got quite a big following. And I can imagine there's a lot of people that would fit that criteria that do follow you. And then the third thing is we could just take the graphics that you use for that. So if you do do them, save them. And then we could just throw them up and use them as an actual ad. Usually I've found in the past when I've done that, it's usually about like 200 bucks. You can see about roughly 30 applicants or something like that. That's how Jesse's hired his coaches. That's how Brie hired her coaches and everything like that. I've hired my coaches through that way as well. So that tends to work quite well. Those are the three main things. In terms of the coach themselves, a few things with them is just I would very much avoid hiring someone that you're like too close of a friend with. At the end of the day, you are the boss and if you're a friend, if they're a friend, they don't. See that relationship like a boss employee. They sort of see it as they're on the same level as you and they can sort of have a bit of a backlash if they're not performing and you try and pull them in the line. The other thing with coaches as well is make sure you set the standard really, really early, like straight away. You know what I mean? If you let things slide from the start or, you know, the quality or whatever, the standard is just not there. That's what the baseline will be. You know what mean? Like you can't, like for example, if you started on video check-ins, for example, and then you're like, all right, we're going to throw in a call check-in. You know, I'm going to pay you like $2.50 more or even the same price more or whatever you end up saying theoretically. They would have backlash on that because their standard was just where they do video calls. Whereas if you had like, and this is just an example, but if we had video calls from the start, that's just the standard.
Morgan Eldrett: That's just what they know from the start. So, so we kind of need to create that. Yeah. So, yeah. So, Just to sort of backtrack a little bit, what would the process be with, like, current clients? Would you think just keep, I just keep all my current clients, would you sort of say we could almost try and, like, transition them to the coach or?
Kyle Musca: So current clients is a little bit tricky because, again, their standard is to work with you. You know what mean? So it's like if you shift them off to another coach, they can very easily get pissed off. And feel like you've just kind of brushed them off. So I would recommend keeping your current clients yourself just to, again, keep the cash flow up, everything like that. And then just all new clients you just pass on to the new coach.
Morgan Eldrett: Right. Okay, cool. Okay, that makes sense. And then how would this start? I have no idea. How would you begin to think about, like, pricing and stuff? Obviously, the client pays the same amount and goes into mine. Callum, because he does it. But it all goes into mine. And then same sort of process. Do you do the same as Callum that the coach would then invoice you per check-in?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So that's how it's set up with Callum. That's, I think, the easiest way. So you've got contractors and you've got employees. I would avoid having employees because there's just like a lot more legalities around them. There's a lot more annoyance. have to pay their tax. You have to pay  their super and everything like that. Yeah. So just got a contractor. I mean, they're their own individual sole trader, essentially. They send you an invoice.
Morgan Eldrett: They deal with all that stuff themselves.
Kyle Musca: In terms of pricing and stuff like that, it's actually really, really affordable to bring a coach on. I would probably start, again, have call check-ins and video check-ins. There's like two different packages to begin with. I would probably start at like $17.50 for video check-ins per check-in. Yeah, for video check-ins per week, per client. And then maybe like $20 per call check-in per client. And then the reason we do that is because we want to give them room for growth. You know what I mean? Yeah. So it's like, you know, after three months, might give them a $2.50 increase, you know, once they prove themselves, you know, and you eventually get it up. So, for example, I pay my coaches like $35 per call check-in now, you mean? And they haven't asked me for a raise in ages, right? Now, and the way you sort of explain that to the actual coaches, one, you know, there is obviously room for growth here. I just want to make sure that you are the right fit for this and you are sort of passionate about helping women who fit in right here. Two, you just sell it as like an hourly thing. I mean, realistically, you should be able to get through, you know, conservatively three check-ins a week, sorry, an hour, more than likely four check-ins an hour. So, you know, even off $20 an hour, that's still $80 an hour. You know mean? Ideally, we're probably going to get this up to, you know, $25, potentially even a little bit more than that. And that would be $100 an hour.
Morgan Eldrett: You're getting paid.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And you just sell them the dream as well. Like you can work for them anywhere in the world. If you want to go to Bali, you want to go to Thailand, you want to go traveling, you can do that. It's absolutely fine. As long as the client's getting taken care of, they're being replied to promptly, their check-ins are being done on time and are high standard quality. You know, you work on your own time, you do whatever you want.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Which makes sense. Like that's how me and Kyle always talk about it. Like the fact that you can get X amount of check-ins done in an hour is so much more than any other job. Yeah. For sure. Um, so then, okay. Yep. And then there's kind of like room to move. So new clientele then would I be sort of trying to say to them, I'm going to try and bring on X amount of people a week for you. Like, should I be trying to get them to sort of grow the business as well? Is it more like, I'm going to provide you all of the clients?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So good question. So in terms of them trying to bring on their own clients, don't do that. Like you, again, that's another positive for them is like they just focus on coaching. don't have to do any content. They don't have to do any lead generation. Technically, you deal with all the  jobs in the business in terms of like if a client wants to cancel or the payment's failing, like that's, and there's processes we can do to sort of automate this a little bit more for you. But like technically that's the trade-off, right? But you just keep them coaching. So one, they're like quality coaching. Like if all you're doing is just delivering good quality service, you should deliver really good quality service. But two, so they don't get too aspirational to go out and do their own thing. Like you want to keep the doors to the business closed so they don't see how everything's moving in the background. So they just are nice and happy and content. And they would very much think twice about going out on their own and trying to do it for themselves because they don't know how to do it themselves.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's the other thing. When you're looking for a coach. Thank you. Like the most ideal sort of candidate for a coach is someone who has or is currently a PT or maybe they have their own coaching business, but it's just not doing very well because not that they're not a good coach. They just don't know how to market their business. If you get one of those, I usually find they just want a super appreciative of you, but also they just don't have any aspirations to leave anytime soon because they know how difficult it is for them.
Morgan Eldrett: And with people like Emily and I don't know how Meg's business runs, but someone like Emily, like is she, is she posting and promoting that the fact that you work with both people? Like, cause I know obviously Cal, like people tag Cal and Liam in their posts, but someone like Emily, I don't think I've ever seen her mention that she's got a coach working under her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you don't do that at all. You just sell it as a two coaching system. So it's like when you're on the call, so it's like you'd be working with me as well as my head coach, Pat, and that's just designed to make sure that you're really well-supported at all times.
Morgan Eldrett: Right, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you'll find as well, bringing on a coach actually like increases the level of service, you know what mean? Because again, their sole job is to make sure the client is looked after at all times. So it's like the responses should be faster, they obviously should be getting a check-in, actual check-in done every week, they should be doing a midweek, you know, message check-in, check-in and see how they're going. If you even throw in your own little broadcast message or however, say like, hey girl, just seeing how you're traveling, especially while it's like sort of smaller, it's like they're getting so many different touch points throughout the week. Again, this is also when you free up your time, you may even want to do like a weekly group coaching call, so you are still, you know, quite relevant. I would just always make sure that the clients do have a direct line of contact with you, so you can hear one, you know, most of them don't message, like for me, for example. Most of them don't message me at all. Some do, and I'm more than happy to have a chat with them. But also so you can hear about anything that's going wrong in the business. You know what mean? Like if the coach's quality has dropped or they're just not getting check-ins or something, like you need to be able to hear that from the client because that's the only person you're going to hear that from.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Now that makes a lot of sense because I feel like sometimes I see people who post like an announcement, like I've hired a coach and stuff like that. And I was kind of just curious.
Kyle Musca: No, I wouldn't really do that. Like people put a lot of F into that, but I feel like no one really cares.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I agree.
Kyle Musca: Plus it's like they're coming to you, like they're coming to join you for you. You know what I mean? So it's like, just, you know, don't give them a reason to not, you know, think that they're going to be passed off, you know, away. I've only ever had one person actually get  about. But that was, like, literally the, like, most stupid guy I've ever sort of had through the business. So I was pretty happy to sort of cancel his thing. But, yeah, like, and I explained everything to him on the call. You know, he just wasn't clicking for him. Other than that, though, I've never had anyone, like, even question it.
Morgan Eldrett: Right. Yeah. Yeah, I was thinking that actually even with Cal, like, I don't, I feel like I hear him on the call never say, oh, like, this person's going to do your looms. But they obviously all just do and they all accept it.
Kyle Musca: So it's obviously fine. Yeah, I just say, like, you'll be working with me as well as my head coach, Pat. And that's just designed to make sure that you're really well taken care of at all times. And then in my onboarding call, say, like, anything regarding the program, I recommend you dropping into the group chat so we're all on the same page. But if there is anything that you want to reach out to me personally or reach out to him personally, that's absolutely fine. Just feel free to do that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. And then you, yeah, so you still do all the setup. Same as Cal. I'll, like, Cal does a setup, and then. Amen. Or is that what you do? Or does your coach do the setup?
Kyle Musca: Well, I have closers, so they technically do the setup. But I do the onboarding. I give them a quick five-minute onboarding call just to, like, chat with them. The coach does the actual onboarding call running through the system and everything, but I make sure I have a touchpoint with them so they feel like they've actually spoken to me and everything. But for you, yeah, you just quickly set them up. I mean, technically, like, depends what you want to do. Like, if you've got the notes and everything on the client, you just need to create their account and just be like, hey, here's the client.
Morgan Eldrett: Go build that program and  onboard them if you wanted to. Yeah. Yeah. I like the way Cal does it because he does the setup and then they get kind of, like, that intro with Cal and then Cal kind of introduces thingy in that setup loom anyway. Yeah. So that's perfect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So what I do is I get my coaches to onboard call them within 24 hours so they can start building that relationship with the coach. Because as long as they early. There's. As soon as they can put a name and a face and a voice to the name, it's like, you're all good knowing.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. Okay, cool. Well, that kind of like, that does make me feel a lot more excited than thinking about growing the business myself to a million clients. I think I just thought initially I was like, oh no, I'm going to have to wait until I get to X amount of clients. And then it's not, I don't want to do that. But the, the idea of kind of keeping how we've got now and then just sort of like everyone else on top of that would be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, yeah. And then easy fix for that is, oh, not fixed, but like easy sort of safety net for that is just find someone that's already currently working sort of part-time, like has some sort of other income. So you're not super stressed about filling them up and that way you can just sort of kind of drip feed them clients as time goes on. If you are going to bring them on though, I would like probably stronger. Encourage you to probably get ready to do like, I would drip feed them a couple of clients as we are. Like if you get two clients or three clients a week, know, fantastic. Just drip feed them so they get confident with the system and everything like that. And actually like communicating, making sure that you're happy with the standard that they're doing. And then it's like from there, we've probably put in together like a marketing campaign to really sort of drive to lead flow in. What we could do there as well is we could just look at running an actual challenge. I find challenges work really, really, really well. Like for Meg, for example, she's running a challenge now and she's signed like 15 girls in the last week.
Morgan Eldrett: Wow.
Kyle Musca: She's good. Yeah. So it's fun challenges. yeah. And if you've never really properly hard sold to your client or your audience, it's like we could definitely go hard on that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, definitely. Okay. Yeah, that's good. I think I probably just need to look over everything and kind of think. think. About everything and see if that feels like it will work. I think so, but yeah, I guess I'll just, I need to think about it still.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, it's, yeah. The first proper hire in the business is always a bit daunting, but again, coaches I find is usually the easiest hire, to be honest.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, and I think that doesn't stress me out. I think the whole like coaching side of things, like I just think, oh my God, I dread having to think about having heaps. So that's kind of like refreshing anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Gives you more flexibility as well, because it's like, depends, you know, again, you can do whatever you want then. If you don't want to work with any clients, you don't have to work with any clients. If you want to work with a few select clients that do a specific thing or pay you a lot more, you can do that as well.
Morgan Eldrett: Like it's just, it's up to you at that point. Yeah, yeah, that's cool. No, that makes sense. Yeah. Okay, cool. Well, in the meantime. I'll let you know if I have any questions. I'm just thinking about if I had anything to ask. I think I'm all good, to be honest. I, yeah, I'm I'll keep putting up a couple little CTAs in the meantime anyway, and just kind of see how that goes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
Morgan Eldrett: But yeah, I guess the next thing is like looking for people, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've got the application form and like all the contracts and everything like that as well. So it's like, if you want that, like when you want to, when you're going to go through the CTA, for example, just let me know and I'll send you through my application form and you've got your form, hey?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you just have to copy the URL and it'll just download straight into your thing and just rebrand it a bit.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, okay, cool, cool. Do you think that would be a better option, like putting it on my story? Oh, wait, so put on my story with an application form or just put on my story and like kind of ask people to DM?
Kyle Musca: I would do an application form because this is like. It's a client application form where it's just their contact details. This is like, you know, what's your qualifications, why you feel like you'd be a good fit for this role, et cetera, et cetera. So you can like sift through and not waste your time type thing.
Morgan Eldrett: Okay. Actually, yeah. Can you send that to me? And then maybe what I'll do is I'll just post that. Like, I might even just post that like today and just see what the response is. Just see the vibe. And I guess I can kind of like think about as soon as people are applying, if it kind of feels good or not. Yeah. That might be the best first step.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. And then also just have a think of people, you know, around you as well. Like I know you, you probably do know someone who might be a good fit for this role.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I found Liam for cow. That was all me.
Kyle Musca: Oh, Nice. I mean, you never know, but I think you'd probably be able to find some way through stories or just. Yeah. But if needed, we can't always run it out, and I find that works really well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, there's a lot of young, like, I feel like there's a lot of young girls in, like, coming into the fitness industry at the moment anyway, that are, like, kind of got small followings that, yeah, like, at the gym, there's heaps. So I'll think I'll definitely be able to think about it as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's the other thing as well. I'd also be cautious who you bring on. They need to really represent, like, be a reflection of you, and they need to be able to resonate with your client base as well. So it's like if you did bring on an 18-year-old and you get, like, a 30 or 35-year-old, she might be like, well, I'm not going to take advice from you.
Morgan Eldrett: You don't know how, like, to live my life. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So just also be cautious of that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. I think the key of it needs to be someone that looks good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they need to look good. And ideally, if they've competed as well, something like that for you specifically would be good. And, yeah, they just need to be, like, again, a reflection of you, essentially. They need to have you all the same, you know. Beliefs and values and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah. Cool. Yeah, okay, cool. All right, well, I'll post that application form tonight, see if I get any response or a response, and then I guess I can just sort of go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
Morgan Eldrett: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: Cool. If you have any other questions or you need anything, let me know. I'll have all that stuff for you, so, yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, thank you. I'll swing you a message and I'll ghost you, so I can, yeah, I can actually just get the ball rolling, because I feel like the last week I was just kind of like, oh, I'm just going to leave it and think about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's all good. Cool. All right, well, let me know how you go, and, yeah, keen to see how that goes. All right, thank you so much. No worries. Cheers. Thanks. See you soon. Bye. Bye.


>>> 140/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-27T05:26:04Z | id:133326678
People: Kyle Musca

Bre Colley: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: All right. What's going on? Let me hear. Oh, I should have just remembered about something. Yeah. Cool. So. What's been going on this week?
Bre Colley: Oh. Not a whole lot. I feel that in my form. I feel like, so Shev just sent me an invoice and she's, it's 92 clients and that's not including three girls that start next week. So, and I think like it would be good to cap her at 100 completely. Like that's like absolute max.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't want to give her any more because I don't want the quality to go down and her to feel drained and exhausted and all the things.
Bre Colley: Um, so yeah, I think like my biggest thing this week has been working on like the retreat and what that actually looks like. So, um, I want to kind of like chat about that with you and like how to go about it, marketing and everything like that, because I think it's kind of like urgent. If I want to do six months before, um, we have to be like, people need to be signed up by, think like the 10th of May. Like I have to have that done so they can do that six months. And then. And we have the retreat in early November. So I've got all that.
Kyle Musca: You wanted to do it for, you wanted to launch it 10th of May?
Bre Colley: Oh, yeah, April. Yeah, okay. No, not launch it. Like people need to be signed up by then, started their six months by then.
Kyle Musca: So the issue there is like your only real option would be to try and get the girls on the team to do it. So you could upsell them. But otherwise it's like, because I was thinking about this before, very briefly, like what you could do is like combine it with a challenge. And then basically like get all the girls in and like you put that on the front end marketing of like, you know, not only are going to get  lose 15, 20 kilos, whatever you say, we'll also be going. On a retreat to Thailand where you can be surrounded by a bunch of like-minded women, all like yourself, lifelong friendships, whatever you  say. And then you use that as the lead to get so much interest through the door and then basically be like, well, yeah, the winner will win a completely free trip. So the winner wins it for free. You have the option to obviously buy it. But if you, you know, you did win, obviously, we'd send you all that money back or something like essentially. And then what was the third thing there? Oh, yeah. If they don't buy it, then you just downsell them onto like a normal package or something like that. And they just go onto the normal program, but they do still have the chance to win to win it for free.
Bre Colley: Right. Okay.
Kyle Musca: But the issue there is like, again, Shev's at a cap. So it's like, it depends what you want it to do there. Now. The other alternative here is, like, because you've gotten really good lead flow consistently since we've really started, except for that period, obviously, it was good . Yes. You could always look at hiring a second coach if you wanted to.
Bre Colley: I don't know if I want to do that. But I did have a girl reach out to me and ask if, you know, there's opportunity to work with me and be a part of the team. And I was, like, oh, like, in the back of my mind, was, like, oh, send me, you know, XYZ, explain all this to me, like, what qualifications you have. I want to see, like, what work you've done and your experience and everything like that. So I think there's a part of me that's kind of, like, open to the idea, as, like, scary as that is to say for me. But I also, on that, I'm also thinking, like, I've kind of, like, done up a little bit of an idea of, like, group coaching and what that kind of looks like. But is that even worth it or should I just hire a second coach and continue to do one-on-one?
Kyle Musca: I just don't know. No, so I think, to be honest, like, I probably wouldn't if I was you, like, hire a second coach, just because, one, you want to focus on the podcast, and two, like, it's just, it's like a lot less moving parts for the business.
Bre Colley: Yeah, and I think, like, two, I'd have to do so many more sales calls. I'm finally at this point where I can do other things, and what, like, what is that for, to have more money? Like, that's not what I'm doing this for. I want to do the podcast. want that to be bigger, and I know a lot of people can't financially afford one-on-one, so basically, the group coaching, I was thinking of doing, like, intakes, like, it can be, like, every two weeks, but what it will be is, like, it's a group check-in, so everyone shows up to the call, and we have a conversation there, so it is, like, they check in, it's a conversation with the coach. People bring up different things that they struggle with, or whatever, it's, like, 45-minute call, and then they also have access to the weekly group coaching call with all the education, but these girls go I'm macroactive. So basically I'm doing , sweet,  all. And they get their own separate group chat, which is why I was kind of thinking it would be cool to have this girl for this specific role and just give her like a salary of like, I don't know, 500 bucks a week. That's probably way too much. But to manage that whole thing where she does the checking calls, onboarding calls, is the one answering in the group chat and everything like that, potentially.
Kyle Musca: No, no, no, no, no.
Bre Colley: So if you're going to do that, like if you're going to do the group coaching, needs to be really, really passive for you.
Kyle Musca: And then I would just have it. So you and Siobhan actively check the group throughout the day and respond. If you brought on someone for like $500 a week, then they'd have to have a different income as well. So it's like they wouldn't read it very seriously.
Bre Colley: True. Well, I was, I have a meeting with Siobhan, like obviously her and I did the podcast today, but I said, I want to have a meeting to discuss like the retreat because I want to fly her. I want to pay for her flight. That's her accommodation and her activities and she can pay for like her food, her travel. Everything, like, like, getting around, whatever. Because it wouldn't be the same without her. And also, if I have the ability to, I want to do that. Like, I would love to fly her here for that. And it would allow us to get photos. She could stay a little bit longer. We could do podcasts, . Like, I don't know. I would love to be able to do that. I think she is so incredible. I want to be able to give back for something like that. So, and it's like a work trip. Like, I own a company. I can  do whatever I want, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Just keep in mind, though, if you're also paying for, like, I'm not against that at all. But just keep in mind that if you're also paying for someone else to do a free trip as well, you're probably looking at least six to seven grand.
Bre Colley: That's why when you said that, was like, I don't really want to, yeah, give a free trip away.
Kyle Musca: But it depends if you do it for a challenge. If you don't do it for a challenge and you don't front-end market it.
Bre Colley: I don't need to do a challenge. That's the thing. Like, we are at capacity pretty much. Like, literally, the goal was 60 to 80 clients. And Siobhan's like. Yeah, I can do more. So it's like 80 to 100. But I think from now, it's like, if they can't afford one-on-one, or we don't have the spots, they go into group coaching. And if they can, and they want to do like the, that's why I'm like, I'll market the retreat. And that is in itself its own thing. But it's like, you do this as a package deal. You buy this, you get everything paid for you. Um, except like, I'm going to do free breakfast through pure prep. And then they basically have to buy their lunch and dinner, but I'll pay for one dinner.
Kyle Musca: Have you got the costs involved in this?
Bre Colley: Yeah, it's going to cost about, I wrote it all, I sent it all to you. Um, it's going to cost about like, I'm going to say, give or take three, three and a half grand per person giving a massive buffer. But that's including they're paying 3500 for the six months prior to that as well. And then I'm also in my head, I want to make more. Or money off that. Ideally, $1,000 to $1,500 per person. So, honestly, I'd be profiting quite a lot. So, I'm thinking of putting the price at $888. So, angel numbers. Just because girls are  weird like that. So, I was thinking of putting it at that. And then that allows me to pay for Siobhan. That covers the six months and everything else. But basically, everything's done for them sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The big issue here is just like who are going to actually market this to if you're not taking on a new client?
Bre Colley: Well, the thing is there's always people dropping off. You know? So, it's like we still have probably like four spaces to absolute capacity.
Kyle Musca: And how many of these, like what are you going to cap it at?
Bre Colley: How many girls are you going to cap I'm thinking eight is ideal if I push it to 10. Yeah. But like eight is probably my number. Because if I'm looking at like a six bedroom. House, that house is, like, some people can maybe pay a little bit more and get their own room, but, like, other people can pay a little bit less and get a shared room. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You just got to be careful to not overcomplicate this. Because what you could always do here... What you could always do here is you could always mark it as a challenge, like a six-month challenge, run it through macro, have it really passive and automated and everything like that. And then just when the girls come in, just be like, yeah, cool. So it's, like, for the six months, it's five grand and that includes the holiday and everything like that. That includes the training program, group communication, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada. And then, like, if they don't want to do the holiday thing, then be like, okay, like, no stress. That would bring it right down to... And we're only allowing, you know, eight girls onto that, eight girls on the retreat. And so far, three spots have already been taken. So, and then, so not only do you get a full six-month training program, you get that holiday included for five grand. They don't want to do that. It's too expensive. Okay, no worries. Look, what we could do instead is we could bring that right down to, you know, like 60 bucks a week or something like that for the group coaching. Or however much you want to put it out, but like 60 times to, 60 times to 24.
Bre Colley: Yeah,.95.
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
Bre Colley: I think I, like, was like 54.95.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so 54. 55. Yeah, so 13.20. So you get a full six months of coaching for just 13.20. But the issue with that is, like, you have to assess your, like. Okay. So you have to assess your lead flow and what your cost per acquisition is going to be. It is passive. won't have to pay Shibon. So, for example, how much do you pay Shibon?
Bre Colley: Like $2,400 a week.
Kyle Musca: No, but like per client.
Bre Colley: Oh, I think like $2,750 and $2,250 or something. No, I think it's more than that, actually. Let me check.
Kyle Musca: Let's do $2 I mean, over that period, you're paying $600.
Bre Colley: Oh, no, that's right.
Kyle Musca: What's the core package you're selling?
Bre Colley: What do you mean?
Kyle Musca: Like how much a girl is signing up for for six months?
Bre Colley: Is it $3,500? $2,500 for gold, $3,500 for platinum. There's been a lot more gold lately, to be fair.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's $1,900. $1 $1 The other, actually, the other massive issue with macro is, like, if you're going to do low-ticket passive and it's $55 a week, they're probably going to try and charge you 25% of that.
Bre Colley: Right. I feel like I've been flying under the radar, to be fair. haven't paid a single cent at all.
Kyle Musca: It's because it's a rip-shirt thing. So let's charge it for your payouts.
Bre Colley: But I don't put payments through that. I put them through Nui or Go High Level. So I don't know how it actually has been working. But because I stopped for years, I think they just have kind of forgotten about me.
Kyle Musca: It's tricky because you're bringing in a lot of different offers now, so it can get really confusing.
Bre Colley: Yeah. you're very careful not to confuse someone you're telling them about.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's what I was thinking of.
Bre Colley: Like, the setters could go back to all the people that maybe I've had calls with that didn't sign or people that are, like, a student or whatever or have, like, said certain things and be like, hey, you know. And then they basically, the whole goal is to, I'll film a VSL explaining what it is and they can just join then and there. And then from there, basically, they'll watch, like, their introductory series videos and then they just jump in there, like, jump into the group chat, into macro. Obviously, it's all, like, technically automated. And then we just have a separate group chat for that plus a separate every single week, same time for the calls, like, the checking calls. But we don't actually do check-ins. We And properly or anything like that, it's like kind of like a group thing. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: It does, but yeah, it's just the issue when you go into the lower ticket is you just need a lot more volume to make it sort of profitable.
Bre Colley: But whilst I'm building it and figuring it out, like we have the income or like the cash flow to test it. If it doesn't work, I just quit it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, it just needs to be like really refined in terms of like how you get these girls through the pipeline and like what is in between the 888 to the 54, 95 a week? You know what mean?
Bre Colley: Or one-on-one.
Kyle Musca: No, I know, but like when you get on a call, for example, and you're going to present, okay, so for This retreat and the six-month VIP program and everything like that, comes out to be 888. It's also a hard number to say without saying 8,888, which sounds like a very big number.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's why I kind of was like the priority is the retreat because that is more urgent.
Bre Colley: So you're basically creating the marketing around that. And I was thinking like if that were the case, people come in through the ads of that, then I create a VSL, they watch it, and then they book a call with me essentially. So they know essentially what it is, like the whole retreat. Because if they're going to do a retreat, they're clearly bought in with me to actually want to meet me in person and spend like a week with me. So it's like.
Kyle Musca: You could do that by like at the end of the minute. In chat flow when they're just sort of sitting there waiting for the setters to get back to them, like watch this to learn a little bit more about it.
Bre Colley: Like you could do that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And for the 888, would that be?
Bre Colley: What about Chloe?
Kyle Musca: She's got her own business, but what if she helped me manage the group coaching? Yeah, you could do that. Actually, probably not. She's too close to a friend.
Bre Colley: I wouldn't hire a friend. Yeah. Yeah. True, that's very true.
Kyle Musca: I think the biggest thing is just the low-ticket coaching. But, I mean, it's not.
Bre Colley: Well, right now, that's not really my priority. Like, yeah, I'd love to be able to do that. But my biggest priority is the retreat. Marketing that, creating that, the flow, like, yeah. Let's ignore the group coaching for now. We can conversate over that later. But the retreat is the biggest thing. So, like, I don't know what I would say, like, in the VSL or, like, how to market it through ads and stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: Well, again, that's the elephant in the room. Because if you market it for a retreat and then you can't give these girls anyway, like, where are you going to...
Bre Colley: Well, I could coach them.
Kyle Musca: Remember, then you'd start working in the business. You shouldn't do that. You'd be better off hiring a second coach. I also think that it's very, well, one, you could always, if you're only looking for eight girls, I'm sure there's probably some within your team right now that may even buy it. So that's an internal thing you could do, right? The second one is obviously just we don't change anything besides you offer it to new girls that do come on to new calls. Because, again, it's not like you need heaps of them to do that by any means.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then the third option there is that you just do an extension of two. You just do it over time, like just you don't need to have it filled by May 10th.
Bre Colley: Like if it's three months out, you could just do like five, five, five, for example. True. That is true.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, know, just reduce it as time goes on based off the program duration.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, I just don't, yeah. I mean, you could definitely market around that for future videos, but unless you're going to like do a full  marketing campaign. And if you're going to do that, then I'd say run it as a challenge, but you're not wanting that much lead flow anyway.
Bre Colley: Yeah. So what you're saying is qualify the leads and then basically I can create a VSL and just be like, in the meantime, like if this is like, in the meantime, watch this, if this is something that, or like, I don't know, whatever the wording is. And they watch that and they're really intrigued about that. Then I can share that offer on the call when I book it with them. So it's not really, I'm not creating specific ads around it and it's eight girls.
Kyle Musca: I would still. In the future, would create your next videos and stuff. Absolutely. You can definitely market around this. It's a good tool. Your biggest issue is that you just don't want to push it. The other option too, because the other option is you could just get Siobhan filled and then just  turn ads off and let them cool down and you just profit really  well.
Bre Colley: Yeah, but I still want to do the retreat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I know. So that's the problem.
Bre Colley: What do you mean that's the problem?
Kyle Musca: Well, it's like you want to do the retreat. You don't necessarily need new clients. And it's like you need quite a large influx of new clients because there's only going to be a small percentage of those clients that are actually going to want to do the retreat. The other thing here as well is if you are going to do this retreat, you'll need to get them to pay up front, basically.
Bre Colley: A lump sum, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like you will need to get them to cover a significant amount.
Bre Colley: aSTEAD. We're going is Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: So it's like the volume of people accepting this will obviously be low.
Bre Colley: Well, that's why we could maybe turn ads off for what I'm currently doing right now and market however I'd market it, but it's only for the retreat. You know what mean? I'm only turning ads. And then, worst case scenario, I can downsell them. And there's girls falling off all the time. You know, the reality is, like, I'm sure Siobhan doesn't give a . And there is girls, like, you know, dropping off all the time. So it's not like I don't have, like, zero spots available. It's like probably we should do it ASAP, like, turn off the other ads or whatever, and then be able to do, like, the only market the retreat, essentially. This is what if they come in through, like, there's no other ads that they're coming through in. no they're coming through, through, you. And like, yeah, worst case scenario, like we do have spots right now, like we do. There's girls finishing up soon, like, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm not saying we should stop. Yeah, I'm not saying we should stop marketing. I just think that I could see it, if it's marketed right, I could see it getting a lot of volume for it.
Bre Colley: What, for the retreat?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which will bring clients in, but it's like, you need to be careful, like not careful, but you need to know where you're going to be able to send them. Because it's like, it's either super high ticket, or not like high ticket, but high ticket, or  super low ticket. But it's like, do you really want to be getting on a call for 54 bucks a week?
Bre Colley: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: You know what that's the problem.
Bre Colley: that's the problem. I could like post it in the chat and be like.
Kyle Musca: definitely, I would definitely do it internally first, and just basically be like, I want to give you guys the opportunity to do this, I'm going to only be accepting a girl. I need to know, you know, give a deadline to it so there's urgency for it. Something like that. Like, because again, yes. And then I would, to be honest with you, I would probably, yes, you can market it and stuff in the future. Absolutely. But just do exactly what you're currently doing now. then for your big anchor upsell, instead of having some  wildly ridiculous package that you don't actually sell, just have this package instead and actually sell it.
Bre Colley: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: So it's be six months of coaching with VIP calls, 24-7 text communication. We only let 20 girls into this program. Just make sure it's a really high level of service. And by the end of it, you'll be coming with a group of six girls. We're capping in just six. And that obviously covers the entire cost, the flights, the accommodation, breakfast, seven days a week, all the activities, everything like that.
Bre Colley: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: So you just actually sell it. Because, again, like, you'll probably only get a  very small fraction of people that will do it.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But you only need a small fraction of people to do it.
Bre Colley: Yeah. But at the same time, if we keep running things as they are, so I can put it in the internal, like, obviously ask how many girls, there might be a couple, there might be none, who knows. But then keep running ads as they are. And I just need to create a BSL to basically ask whilst they're waiting for the service to watch this to see if it's something they'd be interested in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would use it for marketing on the front end when you create ads. wouldn't be rushed to create new ads. But, like, I would certainly use it for, like, it's a big selling point.
Bre Colley: And people are going to be very interested in what that is. Okay. So I need you to help me. Okay. Map out how this is going to work.
Kyle Musca: In terms of the marketing or?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you'd be like, girls.
Bre Colley: Is this for the VSL or ads?
Kyle Musca: So for the VSL, I would just create a bit like, you know, basically just say like, while you're waiting, I just wanted to share a very exciting thing that we're doing here at She Thrives. Otherwise, you know, again, you have to have, this is the thing as well. You have to have it set in stone when all this is happening. It's like in November, I'm going to be bringing six girls out, right?
Bre Colley: Eight.
Kyle Musca: Eight, whatever you say, right? I'm going to be doing a retreat in Thailand where I'm only going to be allowing eight girls to come over. And then you explain, you just explain what's involved in the VSL.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then the marketing type thing. It's like, girls. Uh. So, exactly, kind of like a challenge. It's exactly what we do already, but we just throw in the fact that that's happening as well. I mean, this isn't just a weight loss program. You'll be coming along with, you'll be coming over to Thailand to do a retreat. What will we focus on? Whatever the  you say. You what And then, like, sometimes you would do, like, normal videos where it's, like, if you're an Aussie girl wanting to lose 10 kilos, 15, 20 kilos in the next six months, this video's for you. And then, like, later in the video, you'd be, like, not only will this point, you know, not only will I get you in the best shape of your life, you'll also be coming over to Thailand. Yeah, you would just sell it like that. You'd also be coming over to Thailand on a, you know, 10-day retreat or whatever the  you say. So you can show off your, you know, new body and style. So... So... It have to be anything crazy, right? But getting quick, because getting quick, because I'm capping spots at just eight, and so far, four have already gone. You know what mean? The other one would be like, you do it like very heavily at the start. So it's like, Like how I did the other day, how motivated would you be to strip that extra 15 to 20 kilos of fat if you knew that you were going on a holiday to Thailand to show off your newfound body and style? That is exactly what I'm offering you. Not only are it going help you get a toned lean physique, but by the end, where you're going to have more confidence, yada, yada, yada, by the end, you'll be coming over in Thailand. With eight other girls, for a 10-day retreat. Yeah, yeah, I'm not in a very creative mindset right now, but you don't want to talk about it. You know what mean? I would also be careful as well about flights and , because if this oil thing keeps  going on, it's like six months down the line, flights would be  business class priced, you know what mean?
Bre Colley: Yeah. That's true.
Kyle Musca: You might want to add just like a disclaimer in the contract or something like that, you know, if the price massively escalates. I would also probably set those funds aside, definitely, once you actually, once you make a sale, make sure that you have the funds there available. And if that were to happen, you can just return them. And I would also probably, if you're going to do this, would also make a contract where it is like set in stone. Like once you make this payment, it is a non-refundable payment. Yada, yada, yada, yada.
Bre Colley: Yeah, okay. So my tasks for next week, create new ads based on what you just said or no?
Kyle Musca: I think you should always be creating new ads, so yeah.
Bre Colley: Can I send you the scripts? Because I'm going to write them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: So you can review. Because I'm only going to create them around Thailand.
Kyle Musca: yeah I think you should just talk off the top of your head, but yeah, you can send them to me.
Bre Colley: Doesn't work like that for me, babes.
Kyle Musca: It does.
Bre Colley: Anyways, and then a VSL explaining what's included and basically painting the picture of the dream.
Kyle Musca: Big thing with this will be the urgency. Oh, sorry, the scarcity. I'm only taking on eight girls. And community as well. The girls that are going to want to come to this are going to be very focused on community. And I would also definitely throw in like create lifelong memories, lifelong friendships, all that .
Bre Colley: Question topic. Okay, so I'll do that, but also ask first my girls internally.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, also push the urgency there as well, obviously. Like, I'm going to start marketing, I'm going to start, you know, promoting this, but I did, like, want to give you guys, or all you girls, first, like, group, like, first opportunity to jump on it.
Bre Colley: And basically, what would I price it for them?
Kyle Musca: It depends.
Bre Colley: I know.
Kyle Musca: How much of a buffer is the $3,500?
Bre Colley: I guess quite a fair bit.
Kyle Musca: Like, how much?
Bre Colley: Like, buffer, did you say?
Kyle Musca: Mm-hmm.
Bre Colley: Oh.
Kyle Musca: You want to have, make sure you've got, like, you know, a rainy day . Funding it as well, because things might be more expensive than what you anticipate.
Bre Colley: Yeah. I think it is... Well, the $3,500. Well, the thing is, the $3,500, like, that covers flights, accommodation, and yeah. Like, I feel like...
Kyle Musca: You need to know your figures properly before this.
Bre Colley: I know, but the thing is, what I'm trying to say is, like, I'm... If they also sign up for Platinum six months, which is $3,500, and I've set aside $3,500 for everything, food, accommodation, photos, blah, blah, blah, blah, the $3,500 of that Platinum package is also a buffer.
Kyle Musca: Because out of that, I'm only paying Siobhan... Yeah, but that's your business profit. Like, you've got to take in marketing expenses, everything like that.
Bre Colley: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: So that doesn't even count. Yeah, okay. I would definitely exclude that. That's not... I'm talking about, you need to know the exact prices of what the holiday is on its own. It's going to take flights, accommodation, meals for the mornings, all your activities paid for, yada, yada, yada, you know, but I'm sure you're going to throw in day trips,  like that.
Bre Colley: You need to know. Yeah. Well, at the moment.
Kyle Musca: And you can throw on like little upsells here and everything like that as well. You know what I mean? Like, you know.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Be careful.
Bre Colley: Well, again, like I won't know for sure until everything is kind of booked and whatnot, which I have someone working on that for me. But I'm guessing it's going to cost like around $2,800 per person, flights, accommodation, blah, blah, blah. So that's like $700 plus then I'm trying to make $1,500 off each person on top of that. So there's like that buffer. And the reality is like if it, yes, of course I want to make money and of course whatever. But at the same time. So if it is a marketing thing for them people, you know, I don't make as much, maybe I make 10 grand instead of like 18 grand, and it is like a marketing thing to do this again and again and again, then it's an investment long-term. Do you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. This trip itself, the first time, obviously you want to make a bit of a profit off it, but that's not the main focus. The main focus of this trip is to make sure you feel it out, see how it goes. And yeah, you can create content around it. it's like after that, you you could do another one where you just  really pump it and use a lot of B-roll footage. The other thing I'd include into this, like, make sure you think this through, because you're probably going to need a videographer. You know what mean? You're probably going to want someone to follow you around a lot. I'm hiring for iPhone and then I'm hiring a videographer for that photo shoot day. And we're going to do testimonials and  as well. Yeah. But like, even for the events and stuff, you're probably going to want a videographer to follow you around and actually get really good B-roll footage. if the  you do, at least for a couple.
Bre Colley: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you just need to know your costs before you go and start promoting this and creating VSLs and everything like that because it's like, you go create a  VSL and then it turns out that you need to add $500 to it. It's like, well, , that's a waste of time.
Bre Colley: Yeah, right. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Just start putting these teasers out, you know what mean? Like, put it into your group chat. Like, hey, I'm looking at creating a, I'm looking at doing a retreat at the end of the year. Where I'm going to invite eight girls over to come over to Thailand. Like, who would be interested in that? Don't talk about costs or anything.
Bre Colley: Just  start putting teasers out and planting a seed. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. This is also probably a good idea for you to, like, start doing, like, seminars or something like that. Like a little mini-senate.
Bre Colley: As in?
Kyle Musca: Like, one of the events, right, could be, like, , you starting to do a little bit of popular speaking. I'll I'll Pretty cool. You and Siobhan.
Bre Colley: Public speaking where, though?
Kyle Musca: To the girls. Like, hire a studio and stuff. Do a presentation.
Bre Colley: In Thailand, when the retreat is happening.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, as an activity, yeah.
Bre Colley: Well, yeah, that's kind of, like, included in a retreat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: Where you all kind of sit down and do that .
Kyle Musca: But it's just you and Siobhan. Leading it. Kind of like what Lillian  does at Zone or whatever the . I haven't really seen behind the scenes. But, like, where they actually do a  – you don't need a full name, obviously. But, like, where they actually do a , you know, event thing.
Bre Colley: Yeah, but are you trying to say, like, I advertise that to the public?
Kyle Musca: No, I just think add it as a part of the activities because that would be really good for you to get, one, content on. But also, like, even starting to explore public speaking, I think that would be, like, if you can start doing – You and you can start talking to groups and masses, something I want to do about. I just don't even know how to get started on that.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Well, yeah, that was kind of, like, definitely part of it, for sure. Of course, because we're not just going to do activities and . It's going to be, like, you know, obviously we want to do mindset  and whatnot. So, like, talking about certain topics, especially if they've gotten to the end, like, what does the next phase kind of look like for you in terms of, like, don't go back to your old habits. How do you actually do that? And, like, different challenges and . Yeah, for sure. Okay, so don't rush it yet.
Kyle Musca: You can put feelers out internally.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But don't start going promoting it and doing all this  if you don't actually know the costs involved because, you know, there's always  that jumps up, you know what mean? Like, it's not that simple. It's not just fights and accommodation. It's all the events that go into it as well.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I genuinely feel like as well, I wouldn't, if it was internally for the girls, like I wouldn't put it much cheaper than that because they're already coaching and they're only paying 100 bucks a week. That's only 2,400 bucks. So I would probably still put it at like, if my calculations are correct based on what I've said, 8, 8, 8, 8, then maybe just like 6, 6, 6, 6 or whatever. And they're still paying off their coaching as well at the same time.
Kyle Musca: So the retreat is 600, 6,600?
Bre Colley: Yeah. Do you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, yeah. I mean, if you wanted to charge that much for it, you just said it was 3,500.
Bre Colley: Yeah, I know, but, like, I don't actually know, but it's, like, if I add, like, because they're getting, basically, they're getting six months of coaching plus all, like, all-inclusive trip. So if they're only paying, like, $100 a week, then that's only $2,400 over the six months, right? So if I take, essentially, you know, $2,222 off it, then it kind of adds up, you know, everyone's still paying the same.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could do that. Again, with the internal side of things, I would just add a lot of urgency and scarcity. Like, for the first three girls that get it, I'm going to be doing it for $4,500, you know what mean? After that, it goes up to $6,600.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Would I post that in the group chat or, like, broadcast it?
Kyle Musca: A group chatter for the field routers.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Okay. All right. Well, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I would. Yeah, the biggest thing now is just, you know, your exact costs are very close to your exact costs because you don't want to be promoting  if you don't know.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You would just, that's a way to just  bankrupt yourself.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then you also need to take into consideration not just your expenses on coaches and flights and ship, but also marketing.
Bre Colley: Yeah. But the $3,500 of like a platinum package kind of takes that into account, the marketing of it. So that's a fixed number that I don't change.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But that's, yeah, yeah, yeah. They come in as a hard ticket client, Yeah.
Bre Colley: Essentially. Okay. Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. Look, the other option you could always look at doing as well for high-ticket clients is, well, not high-ticket, but instead of just doing group coaching or something like that, you just do fortnightly calls.
Bre Colley: Right, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then bring it up to like $80 a week or something.
Bre Colley: Who would take those, though?
Kyle Musca: Siobhan.
Bre Colley: She's almost at 100 clients. So that's not possible. That's still the same issue. Do you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: It is. Yeah, so you've got to determine what you want to do. Like, you know, because you're at a cap, you either keep pushing and bring on another coach or, I could, yeah. But again. And with this retreat, it doesn't, it throws a spanner in the works because it's like, if you didn't have the retreat, we could just go like, all right, well, let's just try and sell by chat and go for a mid-to-low ticket. But you have this retreat and there's no way you're selling a retreat over, sell by chat.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you need to get them on the phone.
Bre Colley: Yeah, and then like, how would you, you still do the sales call as per usual, they've watched the VSL and then I basically drop the price.
Kyle Musca: You just do the call as normal. Might want to change your pitch around and everything like that, you know what mean? Or maybe just add a section in it, know, by the end, you know, I'm also holding a retreat for our girls. To be fair, you probably don't even need to change that. You just change the top package one, the anchor package. Package one. You'd be like, so for this one, it comes out to be 8,888. Again, that's a hard number to say. You don't want to say that. That sounds like a very big number.
Bre Colley: About just 1,800.
Kyle Musca: 8,800.
Bre Colley: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Could do it. Yeah, 8,800. 8,800, yeah, 8,800.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and with that, not only do you get the six months of coaching, which includes all the customized training, all the customized nutrition, the weekly check-ins, know, group calls, all that  that's involved. You also, that also includes the coming out to, like, the Thailand retreat, which means that your flights are covered, your accommodation is covered, all your activities are covered, breakfasts are covered,  everything like that. So, not only is it the full six months training, you know, VIP training program, it's a full holiday, a full retreat. And we're capping that at just eight spots to make sure it's a really tight community. And we really want these girls to be surrounded with women like themselves who are really trying to become the best version of themselves, form lifelong memories and lifelong friendships. So far, six of those spots have already gone. So, yeah, I guess with that being said, like, did, how does that option sound? That's too expensive. Okay, no worries. What we could do is we could, we could remove the retreat and that would just bring it right down to 3,500 for entire six months. Is that a bit more reasonable to get started? And look, if you, you know, if you want to later, you know, down the line, do the retreat. And there's another spot. So open for it, then you can always jump on it then. And then, to be fair, you could just keep down-selling them onto the grid coaching. mean, okay, we've got the gold package there. Now it's expensive, but it's expensive right now. Yeah, okay. Well, to be honest, I do have one other option. I only offer it on these calls. We can do group coaching. We still get the customer training, nutrition, everything like that. And we'll be doing a weekly group coaching call just to make it a lot more affordable. It comes out to $54.95 a week. I need to think about it. That's okay. But, you know, I only do it on these calls. I don't really do callbacks, so I actually can. I'm a huge fan of that because you're offering four total options, but as long as
Bre Colley: you go through it from top to bottom, it shouldn't be like that. Yeah. Okay. Well, I can still create the ads and the VSL at the end of the day, and I just have to then, before I start actually selling it, know my figures.
Kyle Musca: Yes.
Bre Colley: Yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Bre Colley: You know, because I'd rather be prepared, get everything edited, organized, and then when I know the final figures, then I can just sell it when people have been booked in through that ad or have said, yeah, I'm interested.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: You know? Okay. That. But also... also... Well, I have a meeting with Chef on Monday, but in terms of like the group coaching, I wouldn't take that call. She would, like the extra call per week, or I could for now, in terms of like, I do have time available, but like, the check-in call, the extra check-in call on top of that.
Kyle Musca: So, one, with this, does, like, if you get 10 girls on that, it's like 550 dollars a day per hour. Yeah. Because if it builds up, you know, it works. The other thing I would very much recommend doing, if you are going to do the group coaching route, is making sure you build out a very in-depth course that covers everything.
Bre Colley: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: So, it's like, obviously, the high-ticket girls will do it, but they need to like, work through something.
Bre Colley: What would you suggest that looks like?
Kyle Musca: A very in-depth course covering like every topic about everything, training, nutrition, mindset, habit. It would require a lot of work to get it built, but once it's built, it's quite valuable because you can use it as lead magnets, you can use it as extra selling point, you can use it for the group coaching, you know what mean? Like what I'm thinking here is like if you – have you ever done like a clean health course or like an actual, you know, educational course?
Bre Colley: Ah, ages ago.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so kind of like that.
Bre Colley: Right, so with like workbooks and .
Kyle Musca: You don't necessarily need to do workbooks, honestly. You don't necessarily – like kind of what my nutrition course has done, my how-to series is, I guess, a little bit but more in-depth, like larger.
Bre Colley: Right, okay. Okay. And I guess, like, that's something that I could just build one component of that out first because I'd want to do, like, an onboarding, like, series that they need to watch, like, five, maybe, like, a three or five-part series of, like, what to expect, how to show up, how to get the best results possible, blah, blah, blah. That could probably all be in one introductory video, to be fair. And then, as, you know, people come in, I am building out that course and slowly offering it, but I have one already there. Do you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: Okay.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't all need to be ready yet. You can just drip feed it in over time as well.
Bre Colley: That's what I mean. Like, I can just, like, have one that I'm already kind of starting on. And then go from that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Okay. There's much to think about.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: What do we just keep ads as they are right now or like what?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they're working. So I would figure out your costs very quickly because as soon as you figure out your costs, you can start selling it.
Bre Colley: The retreat?
Kyle Musca: Mm-hmm.
Bre Colley: Yeah. But I want to create a VSL.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Some of best. You can create a VSL.
Bre Colley: Do you have any like scripts you've done for a VSL before that I can just like take and manipulate into obviously my own? Obviously because you don't have one for a retreat or anything, but like something that you've written before or one that you've done so I can kind of understand the vibe.
Kyle Musca: Not for something like that specifically, but I would just go to Claude and deep research and tell that I want to. This Do a VSL for a retreat, go research the absolute best marketers in the world, people like, you know.
Bre Colley: I know, but what I'm asking is, like, I would like to see your videos of VSL so that I can kind of understand the tone, the everything, and then I can change it and add what I need to in order to make it about the retreat.
Kyle Musca: I do have one of those. So the issue with the VSL one is it shouldn't be a very long VSL. Like, the longer the VSL is, the higher ticket you're trying to sell. You're not just trying to sell it straight through the website alone. So, like, you're just trying to get them to warm up to the idea. So I wouldn't make it any more than, like, five to ten minutes max.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And for them, I don't really have one. Like, I have one to use for, like, lead magnet and stuff and everything, but not that. That's specifically. To be fair, you don't need to really follow a structure. You're not actually trying to sell anything there. You're just trying to explain what it actually is to plant the seed so they know they can come into it prepared.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I would just go, like, just to get a framework, I would just go deep research and say, like, exactly what you're trying to do and say, like, I'm not actually trying to sell it on this. I just want to make it super clear what it actually involved and get them excited for it.
Bre Colley: So when I jump on the call, they're already pre-framed for it. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Cool, buddy. But also plant a seed in the – because you can do that right now. You can just be like, hey, I'm thinking about doing this.
Bre Colley: Who would be, you know, potentially keen on that? Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, just to see if any girls are like, oh, my gosh, yes.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Naz would be keen on that. If she's paying for it.
Bre Colley: Yeah, but then I feel like I want it to be mine and I know what Naz is like and she likes to, you know, bring her own thing to everything and suggest ideas and see where she can help. And I will ask for help if I need it. Just leave me alone. You know what I mean? Like, I also don't think she has the money she would want to spend on something like that either. No, I'd rather it just be mine.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Cool.
Bre Colley: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Anything else you want to cover at all?
Bre Colley: No, sir.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Cool. Are you getting much from your lead magnet?
Bre Colley: I don't really know. I haven't really been checking a whole bunch.
Kyle Musca: But... I'll probably check that. I might turn it off. Your crossplay lead is apparently $73, which is  up.
Bre Colley: What? Where that come from?
Kyle Musca: I just started creeping up very high last week and I was hoping it would come back down.
Bre Colley: Yeah, I don't really have that much so maybe get rid of that if that's costing me that much,  that right off.
Kyle Musca: Let's have a look together real quick. I did change it to Business Women though yesterday. I created a new campaign, not this one, this one's still  up, but just to see if that comes down a bit more. The click-through rate's good. It doesn't make sense.
Bre Colley: Yeah, doesn't make sense at all.
Kyle Musca: What the ?
Bre Colley: Maybe it was from when the thing  up.
Kyle Musca: Did you refresh your permissions?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: See, like, that doesn't make sense. You're getting $9.41 here, but no leads. It's literally , this is only sent to 300 people, and 271 of them clicked through. Most of it, half of them said, so it's not making sense.
Bre Colley: No, it's not making sense. I have had that.
Kyle Musca: All of these, no, yeah, wait. , mate. Okay, whoa. Yeah, see, that's 136 cents and a  10 leads total. That's not making sense at all, brother.
Bre Colley: .
Kyle Musca: Might want to ask Michael about that. Go away, you fat . Oh, so annoying.
Bre Colley: I would message her. would I say to her?
Kyle Musca: Just be like, hey, Michael. running a lead magnet, and I'm getting a lot of volume through it. The lead cost on meta is really high. I checked ManyChat, and it certainly doesn't look like it's matching up, as over 50% of people are qualified. Yeah, it's definitely not pulling 50% of the leads through on meta. Like, result to lead is definitely not 50% on meta. And then even, like, send a screenshot of, like, this, for example.
Bre Colley: Can you send me a screenshot? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: off, cut. Oh, my gosh, you fat . You're a gut.
Bre Colley: The convert, wait, I'm running lead magnet and the click-through rate is great, but it's not showing up on meta. The conversion rate is really high and I checked ManyChat and it doesn't look like.
Kyle Musca: The the results, results slash cost per result.
Bre Colley: The cost per result is really high and I checked ManyChat and it doesn't look like it's matching up. As over 50 people are qualified, it's definitely not showing that on meta.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: Thank you, baby.
Kyle Musca: You might want to check that as well.
Bre Colley: What do you mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, go check the conversations of the lead magnet because you are getting really, really good. Like, yeah, $9. That one, I turned off the SS, $3 per message. You're getting a lot of people through that.
Bre Colley: A lot of people are coming through it. Like, I'm just checking, like, the most recent.
Kyle Musca: But even yesterday, like, you've had 10 people. Yeah. Yesterday, you had 10 people on that new campaign. None of them have converted to leads. That does not make sense.
Bre Colley: Yeah, weird. Well.
Kyle Musca: Keep me upset on that.
Bre Colley: You know what actually happened? When people commented 90, it wasn't shooting through as well before.
Kyle Musca: So they weren't able to click through properly. know Oh. you. Has that been fixed?
Bre Colley: It's working now, but remember how I was telling you how  up my mini chat was? It was really . It tanked so much . So it seems to be okay now. Well, it is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, Jasmine, yeah, seems to be fine now. Working full-time, but even still, like, it's not pulling the lead over.
Bre Colley: I think, yeah, I don't know what's going on.
Kyle Musca: It's not pulling the lead over.
Bre Colley: Yeah, I messaged him to see what he says.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I just checked both campaigns. It's certainly not pulling the lead over at all. Um. Tch, tch, tch. Tch, Okay, well, that's a bit  up because there's a decent ad spend on both of those, so I'm just going to pull them right back. Just go away, you  . Why would you make it so annoying? All right, go away. All right. All right, give me an update with that as well. Okay. Thanks, babes. See you. Bye. Bye.


>>> 141/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-30T07:17:27Z | id:133718703
People: Kyle Musca

Drew: I'm just trying to figure out why my video is coming up as black.
Kyle Musca: I don't know if you can see me or if it is black on my side as well. Let me disconnect that one.
Drew: Hopefully. Oh, there we go.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. There we go.
Drew: Yeah, I don't know why. I was doing that stupid iPhone  thing where it's like kind of pairing your phone with your laptop, and so it's like half doing the splits between them, so you never know. You feeling better?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I don't know what happened. was like Friday I woke up, like feeling a little bit fatigued, and then like as the day went on, was just like, what the ? And then sort of held steady across Saturday, Sunday, but feeling way better today, thankfully.
Drew: Yeah, I like I think it was the start of last week, like I went to the gym Monday morning and literally like threw up, and I was just like... ... ... ... ... Yeah, that's a sign.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, as you were saying, I think it's just that sort of time of year where things just slowly get sick. hopefully it just passes.
Drew: Everyone shares it around a little bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Cool, man. Well, I guess, how's things been since we last sort of spoke?
Drew: It's been good. It's been good. So, you know, I mean, I'm happy last, I caught up with Kyle on Friday, I think it was, and yeah, just had the weekly catch-up with him. And was saying, you know, I mean, I'm feeling good, happy with where I'm at, how I'm tracking and everything. And it's funny, I was chatting to my housemates before saying, it's really fun where the last week, the program, we've just shifted back to more of a heavy lifting strength aspect where we've dropped the reps down. And I said to Kyle, like, on the weekend, it was  incredible because I did a push and then a pull session. And it was like my weight that I was pushing was as heavy, if not heavy. I in some than back in October, November when I started and I was eight, nine kilos heavier. And at the same time, my cardiovascular fitness is now I'm doing, you know, 5Ks in sub five minute pace. So it's kind of, you know, like the fact that I've dropped, like my intention was never about losing weight. It was, you know, I just want to build on both strength and fitness. The fact that we've lost weight along the way, looking a lot leaner, which I did want to kind of get. And then my strength is maintained and improved in some aspects. And so pound for pound, I'm definitely a lot stronger than I was back in October. And the fact now that, you know, yeah, I feel comfortable doing a 5K, 6K. We'll see. I haven't yet tried to do a full 10K, but I reckon, I mean, I could do it. It's just a case of I'm hyper competitive.
Kyle Musca: So I'll probably gas myself before actually finishing it. But yeah, yeah.
Drew: But yeah, it's feeling good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's awesome, man. Like, as he said, at the end of the day, the goal is. It's performance, you know, realistically. And, like, if you can sort of trim some fat and, like, lean up and look like you sort of fit the pot as well, that's always a huge perk. So that's awesome to hear, man. I guess, how have you found the program itself? Like, obviously, those are the results, but, like, how have you sort of found the actual program?
Drew: I think the program has been good. Like, I think, you know, Kyle and I have spoken sort of through it a fair bit just with regards to, I guess, the balancing side. Like, for me, it's always been kind of the struggle over the last sort of however many years where growing up, it was always sport, sport, sport, no gym. And then it's only kind of been over the last sort of six years where, like, post-COVID, I've almost done a 180 where, you know, obviously, I moved to Sydney and moved around a fair bit where team sport, from a work standpoint, I just feasibly haven't had time to commit to it. Whereas in training, just easy, it's me. Versus me, and I love it, but I've always wanted to kind of come back to that sort of more hybrid mind-like split. And so that's where I think from a program standpoint, it's been good working with Kyle in terms of finding that sweet spot around how to balance, you know, like even just something as basic as how to structure leg day in around cardio training, because there's nothing worse than, you know, waking up with day two doms on legs. And you're like, I've got to go do a 5K run, you know, I don't want to be touching this. So I feel a lot better now in terms of the overall structure going forwards with how I will probably continue training and what that looks like. So, yeah, I've been happy with Kyle and, you know, sort of everything that we worked through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome. Yeah, I was pretty similar to myself, to be honest. It's like I played a lot of sports and everything, and I found the biggest thing when I sort of stopped that was just the lack of structure as well, which is, again. Pretty similar story to yourself, which evidently just sort of end up in the gym and started piecing together that structure back in piece by piece. I went through a lot more trial and error to get there, but we get there at the end of the day, thankfully. Okay, perfect, man, perfect. And now you sort of want to step into that realm a little bit more and actually start to, you know, potentially become a fitness trainer by the sounds of things.
Drew: Yeah, I've been annoying about it for, I mean, so years. I mean, so when I finished my, my, my uni degree is in science, like a science degree with biomed and psychology. And so when I finished my, initially it was, I was going to do medicine, decided no. And then I've been working in like the medical, like the med tech space for the last sort of six, seven years. But prior to starting it, I actually did my cert three, four, because I was like, look, I love exercise. I love training. Maybe I want to go down this route. Never did it for any commercial reasons, just purely for my own knowledge, kind of base of, hey, if I like. To train, you know, I love the human body, A and P, I want to understand it. So like, I nearly considered it, yeah, going, this is going back eight, nine years ago now, sort of thing. And so I've been umming and ahhing for ages, just kind of in terms of the whole, what areas, I guess, within the space that actually are, whether it is from, like, as a personal trainer or strength and conditioning coaches, you know, any and all thing. Like, for me, I genuinely just love health, fitness, exercise, movement. I find it fascinating. Um, you know, I mean, like I was saying to Kyle, like, I mean, I've been building my own app that I use for all my own tracking and everything like that, which I've now got, like, beta testers, like, trying it out and all this kind of  as well, which has been, like, a lot of fun. Um, so for me, it's like, I just love, yeah, anything, anything, in and around the space I just am fascinated by.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, perfect. Yeah, well, I guess, what are your sort of plans potentially with it? Like, do you feel like you will sort of pull the trigger on it and kind of step into that? And if so, what would that actually look like for you?
Drew: In honesty, I don't know. And like the part of the reason I was kind of curious to have a chat with you and just kind of gain some insight around, you know, how you obviously, you know, operate, see the space, all that kind of stuff where, you know, like my day job, I like, I'm very happy, very content with it. So it's not necessarily something I would look at, you know, being like, hey, I'm quitting and going all in type situation. But I look at it in a sense of, I was just saying to my housemate, you know, I work my hours, which are also just cooked in of itself. But I'm, you know, I spend probably even on a weekend, five hours at the gym across the Saturday, Sunday, where, you know, we've got full recovery facilities and stuff there. So, you know, I take my laptop, go do it. 90-minute wait session, sit in the sauna for an hour, put my compression boots on for an hour or two, work and take my laptop and work. And I'm like, you know, I could very comfortably, you know, on like, as like a side thing on weekends, be like, hey, you know, work with some people in various aspects in addition to working like in my full-time job. And hey, you know, like I live very much by a never say never attitude in terms of it's like, you know, I'm passionate about stuff. You know, I find it very interesting. would love to explore ways and see what scope there is and what can be done. If it's something that then further down the line, more and more opportunities open up and, you know, you can kind of adjust your lifestyle as a result of that from like my full-time job and things. Hey, I'm all for it. But yeah, I guess that's part of why I was just kind of, I guess, curious to see in general your thoughts around the industry as a whole as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and okay, and to break that down. And like, when you say working with people, do you mean like, do you have a preface of what you'd want to do, like in-person versus like online or group aspects?
Drew: Like what would that actually... I probably would lean towards more the in-person side of things. I mean, I enjoy, I guess, like the online aspect, like working with Kyle has been good fun. I think I definitely love like the in-person social interaction aspect side of things. And I think, you know, for me, from a sport perspective, being hyper-competitive, I also would very much like, you know, if we're talking in an idealized kind of sense, I would love clients like me in the sense that I love a challenge. It's like, if you set me a goal and it's like, hey, you know, I'm going to beat you, like to get this, I'm like, bring it on, let's go. I'm all, I'm all game for it. I love that drive, that challenge, that push, as opposed to, it's funny, like. One of the guys who's joining our team at work is a physio by trade, and he's walked away from physio because he was very much just like, you know, a lot of it, it's the, you know, the unfit overweight population who are too lazy to actually kind of do anything about it. And it's that sense of it's not the high-performance side, which I feel like I understand in the sense where, for me, I love knowing my own personal drive and leaning more into that sort of side in an idealistic sense, going, you know, how can you take people who are already performing and get more out of them, in a sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. I guess it, and then, because there's two sides of things, like, when you're looking at doing something like this, there's two sides of the equation, like, there's obviously the fitness side of things, and then there's the passion that usually inherently comes from that. And then there's, like, the business side of things that I feel like a lot of people, like, tend to forget. And I guess it's important to understand both components because there's a lot of, you know, good coaches out there that just don't make a very good living at all. So I guess, and then that's kind of like really important to understand going into it and just understanding the, I guess, limitations and I guess constraints that you'd have from a time perspective and also an income perspective and how much of that you would actually need to take into consideration. Because if it's just like a sort of passion side project type thing, then it's like, yeah, I mean, it doesn't sound like the income side of things is going to be a massive sort of factor to consider. But then it's like, if you did want to obviously grow and build and scale it a little bit further, then, you know, eventually you would obviously have to come into the picture a little bit more and understanding what that would look like. So I think if you were going to do it, like having that clearly mapped out beforehand would be, you know, quite a wise thing to do.
Drew: Yeah. Yeah. And I think I'm definitely interested in that side of it as well, just with regards to, from a personal standpoint, even excluding us from coaching, like with the sort of loose ideas and plans that I have around what I would love to do with sort of the app that I've been building and kind of that side of things within the space and like a few of the PTs that I've kind of been talking with who are friends of mine around it and stuff like that as well. And, you know, I we spoke in the group, in the main group chat with regards to, from like the social media kind of content side of things and figuring out, you know, like for me, I would love very much to, you know, it's still kind of one of those mind over matter type things with regards to exactly how to get going with it in the sense of, I have zero, like, I personally am not someone who I'm like, hey, you know, let's go log my, you know, Instagram gyms, stuff with the view of trying to become through that an influencer or yada yada sort of thing. But rather using it personally as an accountability piece of going, hey, you know, I'm sure, you know, for me it's a record-keeping exercise, it's, you know, a commitment, you know, all that side of stuff. Whether it then opens up things again in the same way from opportunities and stuff is another matter, but it's not the driving factor. But it's figuring out, because I'm also a bit of a perfectionist, going how to, you know, just get started with it, make it work. I can, like you said, sort of start to understand in a sort of parallel sense, certain aspects of the overall industry.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So I think the biggest sort of thing I would really strongly recommend here is just, again, being really clearly on the direction that you do want to take things in. Because it's like, usually, like, at the end of the day, again, it's a business. So business really comes down to solving, like, one very specific solution for one type of person. You know what mean? Like, you know, for example, you know, we train men between the ages of, you know, 25 to 50, realistically, who either want to lose weight or increase their performance. Whereas, you know, so that cuts out a large section of the overall fitness industry, if that makes sense. Likewise, you know what I mean? Like, there's plenty of, I guess, softwares out there that, you know, and different sort of apps and everything that people can use. So it's like, would you prefer to go down the strength and conditioning and performance side of things where you actually work one-on-one with people? Or would you prefer to, you know, develop that and potentially bring out a software that can help in that sense?
Drew: Yep.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So, yeah.
Drew: Yeah. And I think, like, there's an aspect, not necessarily in an ideal sense, but, like, of both. In regards to, obviously, you know, I mean, I love kind of, my day job, you know, is very multifaceted, but a lot of it is spent around, like, business development, forecasting, planning, execution. And so, like, very much understanding, like. From a Sydney, New South Wales perspective, the overall surgical market. And so there's that kind of analytical side of my mind, which kind of is like, yeah, cool, the whole, the software component side of things, really cool. Like there's some ideas that I've got, which I think are quite cool and what I want to try and do with it. But then I almost break it down into like a digital aspect and a physical component where I'm like, you know, whilst I love doing, you know, all things on this side, at the end of the day, being in the gym, lifting weights, going for runs, know, like actually making a physical difference, progress, change. That is then potentially either supported by that software side or not is also, you know, I find that just awesome.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I think with that as well, like it'd be very, very cautious of just trying to spread too thin. You know what mean? Cause then it's like, if you've got the day job and then you've got the in-person stuff and they've got the software, they're all fantastic. Fantastic ideas. And, you know, we'll have the, you know, I guess the massive perks that come along with it. But then it's like, if you just, again, like business stuff, if you spread yourself trying to do everything all at once, especially when you're, you know, starting something new and you're kind of going to have to wear all the hats in the business as well, you know, very, very tricky to sort of, I guess, get them all done. So therefore nothing gets done, if that makes sense.
Drew: Yeah, completely.
Kyle Musca: So, because they definitely do go head and head. Like if you, you know, training with someone one-to-one in the gym, then you're going to need, you know, some kind of software to obviously record their data and then track all that. Absolutely. So it's like, you know, but then it comes down to the marketing. It's like, well, you're going to push the one-to-one coaching and the people that come through that just feed into the software. And if that's the case, is the time and the effort and the resources spent on the software really going to provide enough of a return for that to make sense, if that makes sense?
Drew: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like those are the thing I would just like, when I speak to coaches, It's about, I just think, you know, get a really good, clear direction of what you, where you want to go with things, who you want to help, the problems that you want to solve. And then also just like, yeah, just, just focus on putting your eggs into that basket, get that up and running. And then, you know, once you've got things automated, built out, and you've got, you know, proper business pumping, then it's like, you can look at including other things in there when it makes sense to do so.
Drew: Yeah. Yeah, right. That sounds, sounds solid.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, and don't get me wrong, like the software is probably arguably a much better vehicle to build and scale if it, you know, did sort of, you know, become a very competitive app in the space. But again, it's the same, like same, same thing to consider with both sides of things, is that there's always going to be a marketing component with any business. You know what mean? So it's like, one is just more personal brand if you're going to go down the strength and conditioning coaching route, whereas the other one's going to be more of an actual brand.
Drew: Yeah. Yeah. no, that's. That makes sense. Yeah, because I I remember having conversations, I mean, even just at a higher level with friends who, so I've got a couple of friends who literally, their full-time business is around supplement manufacturing and things like that, and having conversations, understanding how that space works, and all things related to, yeah, that brand exercise going, okay, cool, if you want to create your own stuff, this is what it looks like, and this is how it logistically works, and costings and models and all this, that, the other, and there's so much to all the different components that's very interesting, but yeah, like you said, I agree, there's a huge kind of array there, it's a sort of figure out which sort of avenues and which channels, and then kind of hone in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely, because, I mean, I wanted to do, you know, apparel a while ago, and I actually got to the point where, you know, I had manufacturers, and I got, you know, bulk orders made and shipped out to me and everything like that, but it's just like all my attention. Attention was just going into the coaching business. So it's like, I just wasn't able to really give that enough attention for me to properly do it. And then again, like, you know, coming down to the creating the content side of things that like, it's just time constraints, realistically, so many hours that go into the day. So it's like, you know, when you're putting so much time and energy into one thing, it's like, as soon as something else comes along, it's just like, either one just gets fully suffocated or getting to spread yourself too thin and none of it really gets the attention it deserves and goes nowhere. Any questions around any of that sort of things?
Drew: I guess, just trying to think. For you, do you, how do you find the online coaching aspect side versus like the physical in person? Because I know now, obviously, I mean, you're in Thailand now and obviously with everything EMP wise being online based. Do you, in general, like, sort of, I guess, what advantages would you say you find online coaching versus disadvantages that you get maybe in person-wise?
Kyle Musca: Well, I think that, like, the only place that in person kind of, I guess, comes up on the upper hand to online, in my opinion, is when you are working with, you know, really high-level athletes and you really wanted to take performance to, you know, levels that are trying to break records or, you know, or really just sort of push themselves beyond normal limits. Because for the majority of the population and everything like that, just think in person is, if anything, a bit more of a con, like, especially, and it comes down to the PT as well. Don't get me wrong. Like, if someone's, you in person, they're doing a fantastic job and they do basically everything online but just include in person as well, that's fantastic. But, unfortunately, a lot of them just don't. And a lot of the time you go into the gym, and I've worked in gym spaces and I see this whole time, is, you know, people will just come in and, you know, they're basically just chatting. That  for 45 minutes, and then they'll go away, and they don't really get any meal plans, they don't get any other training sessions, anything like that. Again, it comes down to PT by PT variation. But realistically, the way I like to think of it is just holding someone's hand for 45 minutes, and then saying, pay on the back and say, see you next week. Yeah, mean, like, and this kind of comes down, this is kind of why I like the online side of things a little bit more is one, you can really map everything out for someone like, you know, all the meals, all the training sessions, track all their data, you can do everything that you need to and more. But it kind of brings in the person that's going to be a little bit more accountable to shop. And again, this comes down to marketing messaging, but the kind of person that's going to be more self-accountable to shop and get the job done. Like it's the structure, it's the guidance, the accountability for sure. But if you need to rely on someone there, you know, being there for one session a week, which in the grand scheme of things is like 1% of the total thing that goes into an overall successful program. It's like that type of person typically is going to be successful because they're just not willing to have that. Self-discipline to actually do the work that needs to be done. I also think it's a lot more flexible. So to feed on for that, in-person kind of sucks because you're having to work around when other people work. So it's like you're waking up at, you know, my partner did a lot in-person for six years. She'd have to wake up at 3 a.m. to get to the gym by 4 a.m. and train until, you know, 8, 9, 10 a.m. and then be back there at 5 p.m. through to 8 p.m. at night. You know what mean? So it's like the hours are just really, really rough as well.
Drew: Yeah, I see it with like, I mean, I've never really done it properly, but like all of like the FitStop F45-esque sessions, where it's, yeah, like the 5 a.m., 6 a.m. class and then the 5 p.m., 6 p.m. and you just go, yeah, what, yeah, I feel like it's, yeah, rough ends at both ends of the day and then what during the mid-part kind of thing. So I can totally see the value kind of aspect from a trainer perspective on that side of things. Yeah, and you're also just like, again, this is
Kyle Musca: comes down to leveraging the business, but you're also very, very limited by time because that's your ultimate constraint. I mean, you can have a really successful in-person business, but at the end of the day, you can only really work 40, 50, 60 plus if you really wanted to, but then it's like, what's the point? You're not really having a lifestyle at that point.
Drew: But can only do so many in-person sessions before you're fully capped. That's true. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And so it's like, then it just becomes a problem of like, again, you could be the best coach in the world, but there's only so many hours you can work.
Drew: Yeah. How do you find, I guess, like with the online aspect from, like, I completely agree what you said around the sort of, it's more on the user or like the customer kind of side of things in terms of adherence, determination, motivation to actually be accountable themselves. How do you find the difference that you've seen from, like everyone that you've obviously worked with, with Ian? But then also when you do have done like in-person stuff where you obviously, at least for that say 45-minute session, physically can kick their  into gear kind of thing. How do you find that difference or what do you see?
Kyle Musca: Well, that's, so again, like I feel like a lot of people in person want to, you know, chat  too much. Yeah, I mean, it becomes like, and again, you see this all the time in like just going to any normal gym and like go look at a PT session. mean, they're doing a lot of talking, not a lot of lifting. Um, so I think the, the kind of what, this is where the accountability to online comes into, into place with tracking everything. Cause it's like, again, it's not necessarily about one session because like they could have, even if they did do in-person and they came in for one session and, you know, went really, really hard for that one session. It's like, if they go away and they don't, you know, follow any of the meal plans, don't track the meal plans. Every other session they do is just, you know, going through the motions because they don't have someone there shouting in their ear. It's like, they're not going to get the result anyway, because again, it's only such. Literally such a small percentage of all the other hours that go into a week. Whereas online, you can see everything that they've done, all the progress that they're tracking, and you can keep them accountable by that because someone's actually seeing the reactions from the results instead of just seeing the action itself.
Drew: Yeah, I feel that.
Kyle Musca: makes sense. Yeah. And, yeah, again, that always comes, like, with what you said before, I just want to work with people that, you know, kind of like yourself. Unfortunately, that's not the case. Like, it's just business at the end of the day. Sometimes you'll have really great clients who just do the work and, you know, love the process and everything like that. Other times you'll just get, you know, people that, you know, push back. They just don't do the work, you know what mean? Different types of scenarios, but, you know, especially in fitness as well, kind of like what you've, you know, a friend, your physio, you've still experienced that with fitness. You know, there's people that will sign up with a coach. Thanks And just be like, well, I've got a coach now, I should lose weight.
Drew: It's like, that's not how it works. Yeah, exactly. It's not a magic pill.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, I mean, that's a business. Like, you know what mean? Any business you run, you're going to deal with. You you could have a carpentry business and you'll have probably some great clients and other clients where you do the job perfectly and they'll get shittier, you know? And so I guess that's just the joys of owning a business at the end of the day.
Drew: Also, how do you find it in terms of like, obviously managing, as you said, like the multi-aspect of running the business, everything, you know, from a growth perspective that you are trying to achieve and then, you know, growing both the team, like with Kyle and the other coaches and then the community, all that side of things?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I find it quite good. Like I've been doing it for a while and I've always really focused on the quality of it. Like, again, your business is only as good as the people that you're going to hire because at the end of the day, like a company literally is a group of people. You know what mean? It's not one person that really sort of drives it. So, yeah, just making, you know, when. The time's right, obviously, making the right hires and just really setting the standard of building the culture and the community of what's expected in it because, you know, there are plenty of, even what I said before, like there's a lot of, you know, poor in-person PTs. I could equally say that about, you know, online PTs as well, where they just feel like it's a bit of a money grab because that's kind of what it is marketed as. If you do get into that space and start looking into it, you'll probably start to see all the ads. You can just start as an online coaching business, it's kind of like day trading and all that stuff. But, but yeah, it's, it's just about, you know, the, the quality of the hires that you make and the level of service and everything that you put into it. And, you know, the more detail you put into that, the less problems you will usually typically end up having.
Drew: Yeah, that's fair. How, if you don't mind me asking, how big is the team? Because like, obviously, I mean, kind of worked with you and with Kyle, and then I can't remember who the guy I spoke to on the intro call at the start, but do you guys have a big team or like very kind of?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's, it's relatively big. So we, uh, I don't. In terms of the coaching aspect, I'm probably looking at bringing on another coach now, but I don't want to, you know, again, my focus has always been on quality over quantity. So it's not necessarily about trying to, you know, build it out as much as I can, but can. One, because, again, it's harder to keep the finger on the pulse with quality, but also you just introduce a lot more moving parts. So it's like every time you do that, again, there's more opportunity for things to go wrong. And it's like, again, it just comes down to, you know, so right now I'm sort of focused on having a little bit more of a lifestyle. Like, so there's your two different types of business, a lifestyle business, a performance-based business. To get it to this point, you know, I very much went down the performance-based business of pulling, you know, 12, 14, 16-hour plus days. Whereas now I've got it to the point where I can sort of like step back and still work, you know, quite large days because I enjoy working. But it's not like I'm always having to sort of chase my tail and do things like I work because I want to work, because I have to work type thing. So I've got, yeah, two coaches. We're probably looking at bringing on a third now. You know, we've got one program director, we've got, you the support team, and then there's all the other contractors that go involved as well, like graphic designers, video editors, all that side of things as well. But, yeah, again, for me, it's like I don't want to kind of continue expanding it too much because it's just too much of headache.
Drew: Yeah, we've the headache managing all the different parts of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, and then, again, it comes down to the business side of things of just having to, you know, constantly push it. you want to bring on more coaches and everything like that, then you have to continue bringing on, you know, we'll continue pushing the marketing even harder. And, again, you can end up chasing your own tail if you do that as well.
Drew: Fair. Do you ever reckon, I was just thinking before when you said, when we're talking about, like, the niche aspect of markets and obviously EMP, that sort of 25, 50-year-old male group. Do you ever reckon, because of your partner's experience, you would ever do, like, the female equivalent side, like an EWP or sort of thing?
Kyle Musca: the side side side of of Um, well, she has her own business. Um, so it's like, I guess that would just kind of like for me, for example, probably not because, um, just if you look at my socials and everything like that, again, the whole messaging is towards men.
Drew: You know what mean? Like a female is not going to see that and be like, this is the guy that can help you.
Kyle Musca: Um, so it's like, um, no, but like she, she obviously has.
Drew: So, um, and I hope they're in business and everything like that as well. So. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. Right.
Kyle Musca: Nice. Nice. Yeah. I also think it's like, you know, um, you don't want to mix your marketing message either, because it's like, if, you know, your viewer has confusion about who you actually help and what problems you solve, then anytime there's confusion, people won't take action on what you're doing.
Drew: So. Definitely. Yeah, that makes sense. Easy. Um, so I guess the other one is you obviously mentioning around like the affiliate stuff, um, continuing on with the guys in the chat and stuff. Once the program finishes in a couple of weeks time. So. I guess, just wanted to get some idea on, I guess, what that sort of looks like, get a bit more, you know, an understanding of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for sure. Yeah, so the affiliate thing, like, it's pretty casual. It's not like I, you know, go out and make it, all this different content and everything like that. I do encourage that, of course. But again, that comes down to more of an accountability factor and just getting people into using social media a little bit more. It's more so to, you know, continue keeping the community to a high level and keeping the right guys in the community. Because, like, I speak to guys all the time that aren't as vocal in the voice, in the group chats. And they tell me about how they read all these different messages and see, you know, all these other guys going, you know, getting after it and having all their wins. And they find it really inspirational. So, like, building the community was something that I started just because I was like, oh, you know, I want a bit of community. But it's, you know, men typically don't indulge in that side of things too much. So, to get to the point where it's at now has been, like, real. Really, really awesome to see. Watching it evolve to where it is now shows me how an important and pivotal part it is for a lot of the guys into the chat. So realistically, the affiliate program is just about keeping, I guess, the ideal role models in the chat so other people can see what's possible and continue having a really sort of positive community for people to be a part of, really.
Drew: Yeah, I'm more than happy to obviously, you know, continue in it. So I've thoroughly enjoyed, obviously, working with Kyle and all the training and stuff and having a laugh with a bunch of the lads in the chat. And again, like you said, like even for me, you know, I'm, I consider myself very disciplined with training and exercise and even I find it motivating. So, you know, it's, it's awesome seeing when everyone else is in there having their wins and you're like, to your point, you just go, yeah,  it, cool. You know, I've definitely had one or two days where I'm like, I should have a rest day today and someone will post something and I'm like, I should, I'll rest day tomorrow. All right,  it, let's go. Yeah, no, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and it's like, again, I just think there's so many, like, accountability factors that come into it that it's probably hard to see, or it is, like, hard to see from the outside perspective, but, like, actually, like, building it and everything and seeing how things have evolved and how, I guess, the impact it's made on different people has been awesome. So, again, one of that is the community, and two, when people do actively post and share their story and everything like that, those things just, you know, things that you wouldn't really think of from the outside looking in, but it's like once you're actually inside and you see it wear off on people, you know, it's a, you know, very powerful thing to have, I guess.
Drew: Yeah, definitely. I guess, like, just circling back on the social media piece of things, because, yeah, like I said before, I've been dabbling for  ages, because, like, originally, I think when I made the decision, I was like, I'm joining, I want to train, like. With the goal of sort of working towards high rocks and stuff. And I was like,  yeah, like I'll document my journey and stuff. And so like, I mean, I've literally got all of like the, whatever it is, like all the like camera, like little wireless mic, you know, gym magnets and  like that. And I'm like, but it's just that whole pull the trigger kind of component where it's such a weird one where I obviously, as much I love training, I love being in the gym, I want to do it. And it's just figuring out because I'm a perfectionist in like how to like get started. And like you said, in terms of, a time spread perspective, figuring out the best way of doing it, where it's cool. I can go to the gym, record, like what parts of your exercise are you working at? Like recording, framing it together into a little short each day type thing and the time aspect. And kind of, I'd be curious from your perspective, obviously, you know, you've got a lot of experience on the, you know, social media recording content side of things. What, I guess, your, outside of the just go do it type thing, what you would suggest or advise to someone new doing it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a good question. The number one thing I usually tell people there is, like, take your mind out of being a consumer and put it into being a producer. So it's like, you know, when you're on social media, you're usually probably, like, you know, doom scrolling or, you know, not, you know, it's just social media, that's what it's all. But, like, if you wanted to sort of step into that aspect and that realm, then I would really start to break down what's working for other people. Because there's different types of content that works well for a certain reason. And that's, one, just what people like seeing, but also what the algorithms prefer pushing. So, you know, and there's a difference between documenting and, again, producing. So, obviously, documenting is just, you know, documenting your sessions and your journey and everything, which is usually what I recommend guys in the group chat do more than, you know, actually trying to produce. Content that's going to go viral. But it's like, if you can produce content that does start to pick up, you know, engagement and views and people can start to, you know, follow you and you start to build a personal brand, that's like where you can step into the business side of things. So it's like, if you wanted to go down that route, then I would probably say, focus on leveling up your content game because that will allow you to transition potentially straight into it without having to do any of the, you know, I guess, dead space work, if that makes sense. In terms of produce, like making content on social media, a lot of it, it sounds kind of bad to say, a lot of it's not like about value. A lot of people get caught up in like producing a lot of value and like putting a lot of value and everything into that, you know, and sitting down and making these full educational things, which I have done before as well. But again, people are on there to do scroll, you know, people are on there to kind of like waste time. They're on there after a big day of work and they're just wanting to, you know, kind of relax. Everything like that. So if you shove like an educational video in front of them, they're probably, you know, even if they want to see it's solving the exact problem that they have been asking themselves, they're just not in the right mindset to watch it. So they'll keep scrolling. But if you post, you know, like a 10-second motivational clip to a trending sound that's really nice and fast-paced, you know, that's the stuff that they'll engage with. They might watch it multiple times. Maybe they send it to a friend or their girlfriend or whatever.
Drew: You know what I mean? Yeah. This is always the piece for me, like the back and forth in terms of the type of content that you naturally would produce or like want to create versus what is, you know, algorithmically the best. In a sense, for me, the best type of content were like when I, like, I mean, I've watched so many different fitness influencer creator types who all have different styles. And I, you know, I think. Thoroughly enjoy watching all of them because for me it's a, hey, I love the gym and exercise, I'll just consume all of the above. I really like the kind of calm almost style that someone like Sam Sulik has where it's that sort of conversational kind of flow where you almost feel like you could be like Twitch streaming with the guy whilst he's just working out in a sense. It's like that kind of, you know, sort of slower pace, you know, you're doing your sets, you're having a little conversation, sort of monologuing to yourself. And so like this, this back and forth that I go between in terms of as a no name, I kind of like getting started. It's not the type of content that's like, hey, I'm going to grow a following and stuff, but it's also sort of true to who you are versus, and again, it comes to that as more looking at the social media aspect side of things as a, accountability tool personally and things, whether it's just easy to just go, look, I'm not obviously. You're trying to, you know, get hundreds of thousands of likes and follows and  like that. Just, you know, start with it, be true to you kind of thing, and you'll naturally find the crowd. And if it doesn't come, it doesn't come, and it's not why I'm doing it anyway. But it's sort of that, yeah, like that kind of back and forth to your point on the virality, the content type, and so on and so forth.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, well, I think Sam Selleck is an outlier, you know what I mean? Like, there's a lot of people that could create the exact type of content, and like you'd never hear their name. Like, for all, I guess, you know, like he goes against basically everything that you'll see social media marketers talk about, right? And in a way, that has worked for him, but he's also got like a freakish, you know, physique and everything like that. And he's got a way of like sort of pulling you in and actually like, you know, getting you to engage and indulge that kind of content, if that's the kind of content that you like watching. I guess there's, it's... It's a skill at the end of the day as well. You know what mean? Like when you first start and everything, you know, it's, you know, I always say you're to suck to start essentially, right? You're probably not going to be very good at, you know, trying something new. But like any skill, you know, if you work at it and you actually sort of go out and start, you know, watching YouTube or, you know, doing whatever to actually educate yourself in, you know, how to actually improve in it. And then, you know, even just trial and error of, you know, trying to apply these things, then it will get better as time goes on. But just because you do it doesn't mean it will get better either. Like if you're not actually trying to, I know just because you go to the gym and go through the motions doesn't mean you'll actually gain muscle. You know what mean? Like if you're not sort of educating yourself on to like how and why to do certain things and, you know, how and why to do certain things and then actually progressing and upskilling, then you'll just keep going through the motions and not really see much of a return or a result and won't really go anywhere. So it's like it's definitely I definitely keep the content authentic to you and you should enjoy making content you do make it. That's You know, the big problem a lot of people face is they try and force something. If try and force something, it just won't come across authentic and people will pick up on that. And there's also something that there's different types of, you know, you've got to look at the platforms and the type of content you're making as well. Because Sam Selleck does really, really good on YouTube because he is slower paced and he can get you into longer form content. And again, you can indulge that. Whereas, you know, Instagram and shorter form platforms are very sort of fast paced, low attention span people are on it. So it's like you kind of have to, you know, be for those platforms as engaging as possible because the algorithm rewards keeping people engaged and logged in on the app. Because they only care about how can we get someone to stay as long as possible on our app. Yeah. So, and the best way I recommend, you know, helping people with their content is like, if you did want to get into that, go find, you know, three to five creators. Because there's different types of content, as I said. So you've got reaction reels, reaction reels are the ones that I. I do. They're quite simple. They're quite easy. I could just sort of talk off the top of my head. Or you've got sort of the training sound and audio ones, which are usually like 5 to 15-second long. Those are the main ones that are sort of in fashion at the moment. Those are the that algorithm likes. You've got voiceovers and everything like that as well. But go find, you know, three to five creators that you really like the content of. Pick apart what sort of, I guess, I call them pillars, pillar of content they're actually making. And then, again, put yourself into the mind of a producer. Break down how they're actually making. What are they saying? Where are they editing? How fast-paced is it? How long does the video actually go for? How many cuts are there? You know what mean? Like, and then just recreate your own version in your own way and like never obviously copy anything. But use that as inspiration to, you know, then go create your own version of.
Drew: Yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I like it. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I recommend.
Drew: Yeah. Awesome. Awesome.
Kyle Musca: Any other questions on any of that stuff I can help you with?
Drew: I think that's actually a good start point, in all fairness. So I appreciate it. So yeah, I'll definitely start having to think around with some stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If I was you and you're open to the idea of stepping into the industry and the space, then I would probably start with content, to be honest with you. Just because, one, again, if you eventually do want to sort of pull the trigger and make that step, we'll make it a lot easier. Because, again, you'd be a great coach, but if you don't have a business marketing, then it's like it just won't grow and it won't be plausible for you. And it's a lot easier to create content when you're doing it just because it's a fun, you know, I guess, passion project on the side rather than you're relying on it for your income. Also, it means you don't have to sell anything as well, so you can keep your content really nice and authentic while you build a bit of an audience. Well, I guess you should never, like, not be authentic, but, again, you just don't have that pressure on you. And then you... You might even see that that will open up an opportunity for you as well. You know what mean? Because it's like once you do have a bit of an audience behind you, it's like you can look at what are these people going to need? Are they going to need – like are you resonating more with, you know, normal gen pop people, more athletes, and you can step into that world of coaching them? Or are you resonating with, you know, for whatever reason, maybe even coaches and stuff like that, a lot of people in the fitness space as a career are following you. So it's like maybe the software becomes more of a realistic option for you to go down.
Drew: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense. I like it.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Perfect. Awesome, bro. Yeah, if you do have any questions, always feel free to sing out the clap at a GMI 2 cents.
Drew: Yeah, legend. No, appreciate that.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Anything else you want to touch base on at all?
Drew: Overall, think pretty well covered. I'm curious with the EMP app, guess, thinking software stuff that you guys do. Like, what do you guys have planned with that in terms of do you guys like keep – Adding more updates and integrations and stuff with it, or do you have like a team, like guys on the side that you sort of outsource it to, or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I've got developers and everything like that for that, and they always continuously look at adding and improving things as time goes on. Yeah, sort of more so. The main thing now is just sort of the usability of it, to be honest, and just refining those processes.
Drew: Yeah, cool, nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so without sort of like gutting and changing everything all at once.
Drew: Yeah, big overhauls always.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's why I've developed this for it. I'm just like, no, you guys do it. Perfect, man. Yeah, cool. Well, as I said, bro, if you have any questions about that or anything else, just always feel free to sing out.
Drew: Yeah, legend. I appreciate the time, so thanks so much, bro.
Kyle Musca: No worries, man. You enjoy the rest of your day, and I will chat to you soon. There's no doubt. I'll catch you later. Cheers, man. Bye. Bye-bye.


>>> 142/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-03-30T07:37:30Z | id:133725433
People: Kyle Musca

Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, how going?
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Yeah, I'm doing good. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. Awesome, man. All right, we'll dive in. I kind of wanted to have a chat to you about starting to work on some, like, presentations and everything like that. I feel like that's how we'll get sort of the volume up. But I guess the biggest issue with, like, presentations is just sort of having the knowledge base on the topic to talk to an advanced level about it. So what I reckon we do for this and what I've sort of done for presentations in the past is just sort of deep researching the topic and then having all the frameworks and everything to really build it out. Have you played around with deep research on Claude much?
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: About Claude, I haven't done any Claude research about, but I can do that. I can include that in my...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You use Claude as the AI, hey?
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So for that, let me just do it here. So I'll invite you to the team one. I don't think I have the project in the team one, but I can't build it out. Let me see. Oh, do. Perfect. Yeah, I do. Okay, awesome. So is this the thing? Oh, yeah, fantastic. So I can just invite you to this project. So it's got all the project files in it already. So like the presentation, you know, frameworks and everything like that. So it should know how to build them out. send you the documents and everything as well. But essentially what you'd want to do here and what I find best for this is like when you have some specific topics. So if we're doing an educational series, let's say for, you know, health and fitness for men. In their 30s, I would probably keep it all in the same chat once you, you know, build out the first one if you're going to continue. So let's say you do one on calorie counting or, you know, how to track your calories accurately, right? And then you're going to do a second one. I wouldn't create a second chat. would just do it in that one because it already understands, you know, how you've rewritten it and everything like that to continue on. But essentially, you just come in here and you press this one and then you press the, like, the plus and then the actual research icon. So have you seen that one before?
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Yeah, I think I have whenever I do something in the project stamp, whenever I do the statics copy. Yeah, I've seen it before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So have you used it before?
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: I haven't. I didn't ticker. I haven't had a chance to ticker it.
Kyle Musca: No, no, that's okay. So basically what that will do is it will just go away and analyze all the, let me pull something up. It will go away and analyze. It will basically go and conduct a lot of deep research and put together a massive document on whatever we're talking about. So it's like really in-depth knowledge. So, for example, I've got it in here. And I would save these as time goes on because you probably use them for multiple things. And so, yeah, like this was, I did this in ChatGPT a while ago, but this is, it will be the same thing. So I basically told her, I want you to go and deep research everything that there is to know about, you know, nutrition specifically around fat loss for, you know, men in their 30s, right? So you have to give it a, you know, good, really good, strong prompt. Sometimes what I'll even do is I'll say, you know, this is the topic I want to deep research on and give it a good prompt, but tell it to write me a prompt first before putting it into ChatGPT. Into the court, just to make sure it is really nice and detailed, because again, like if it's going to go put together this level of knowledge, then you want it to be really, really dialed in and understand exactly what it's doing, if that makes sense.
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Yeah, I think I'll have to, well, when it comes to prompts, I think ChatGPT usually does a good job, and I think I'll just input anything in there, and then I'll just transfer whatever prompt it generated into Cloud or into WordCon.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. How have you? I would definitely recommend playing around with this and spending some time on, you know, really figuring out and understanding how to do it properly, because this will sort of close the gap between sort of the knowledge that comes with, you advanced level coaching, or if we can do this right, I even want you to do it for my marketing and everything like that business. But it will help you sort of close the gap of, you know, things that you sort of may not a lot know. What an advanced level coach would know, for example, right? I also want to, whenever we do this, always try and include making sure that the research is reliable. So it's like, you know, because again, it can go source the web and everything like that, but it might be pulling, you know, sources from an article that anybody could have written. So always make sure to include that it is a reliable source, especially around, you know, fitness, nutrition, sort of training and everything like that. Make sure that it is, if it is going to reference studies and everything like that, that they're highly reliable studies. Usually they're having a brain running theory, they're a meta-analysis, which is a group of really reliable studies. That's the best you can possibly give or they're, I can't think of wording right now. I've never been upset.
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Yeah, I think I can find like case studies and articles like that online. We used to do a lot. A of those, like, researching if everything, what the AI says is correct, based on Gemini. Gemini rarely has any issues about, like, like, post or deleted articles. So I think I'll be, I'll just cross-reference everything Claude will generate at Gemini AI, just to confirm if everything is still available, like, on the, on our search engines.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, it's, it's, it's randomized control trials is what I was looking for. But yeah, yeah, just be careful of, like, articles and stuff like that as well, because if it's an article that, like, a news reporter or something like that could have written in, it's like, it has no sort of actual, like, evidence-based sort of backing, then, you know, we don't want to be giving out misinformation. At the end of the day, like, if you build these presentations, I'll obviously go through it and, you know, can make slight tweaks as long as it's, you know. It's like as accurate as possible for us to sort of do it at scale. That'd be the way to go. Yeah, essentially what we could do here is if we're building out different presentations. So, for example, this is one I'm working on for the master class where it just has everything. And then what we can do is we can just send this straight through. Let me click that. But we can just send this straight through to the graphic designer and everything like that. And then he just puts together so I can just sit down and record them. Then, like, that's a really nice streamlined process. And we can pump them out a lot more scale, if that makes sense.
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Yeah, yeah, I get it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Awesome. So what I'll do is are you currently working on anything urgently with the challenge?
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: As of the moment, I'm just working on the organic statics. So nothing urgent as of the moment.
Kyle Musca: moment. Yeah, I would really recommend doing the deep research for like pretty much everything that we do moving forward because it'll just make your job a lot easier. So, for example, you know, when I have written, you know, marketing stuff in the past, especially for those scripts and everything like that, I'll get it to go deep research around the client avatar and everything like that and the wordings that they would use and all that stuff. So it's like then it's a really sort of unique way of, you know, creating it. And then again, I would obviously manually reword, but it does a lot of the heavy lifting for us.
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Yeah, I think my only problem as for the moment is that I just use up all of my messages for Claude since I'm not on the like their pro version or premium version.
Kyle Musca: So I'm out of free messages. That's okay, because if I invite you to this one, so this is an organizational one. So if I invite you to this one, it should, you should just be able to use my one instead of your one. Okay. And then if you're only doing, you you can do multiple deep research a day, like I don't think, because it'll take about like usually like 20 or 30 minutes roughly for it to conduct the research and put it together. And then what I would do from there is like the research it does conduct, I would just create a new Word document like I have, you know, with these, for example, and then just put them in there and then we'll just save them as time goes on. So it's like, eventually we'll have, you know, we'll always add to it, but we'll have a really good stockpile of things we can reuse as well.
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: All right. Got it. So usually they'll just like provide like this long document and I can just save it for like the other tasks as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So essentially you'll come in, you'll, you'll come in, you'll write a prompt. To give you a prompt, essentially. So it's like, I want to create a masterclass for men in their 30s on exactly, men in their 30s working 40 plus hours a week on exactly how they can drop at least 10 kilos of fat over the next 12 weeks. I specifically want you to deep research things around training, nutrition, mindset, habits, you know, discipline and everything else that goes into, you know, a successful weight loss journey. Uh, and, uh, apply that to how they can balance it around their, their work schedule and everything like that. Then, um, that, that, so you would deep research on that topic specifically because, and then you wouldn't include like that you're going to build it out in, you know, as a masterclass sales thing, for example, because I've already got the masterclass framework in this already. So it's like, what you will do is you'll combine those two documents, or you'll tell it to, you know, I want to create a 20, uh, 20 minute masterclass, research the project files, and then use this information. you you Of the deep research you just got, if that makes sense.
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: And then it will like sort of combine the two to create it.
Kyle Musca: And then you just go through and basically manually reword, which is exactly what I did for this one. So I added all the project files. So these are all different mega guide because I really want to do this properly for the first time while I was playing around with it. All the different deep research I did on, will it show me? Yeah, you're a presentation builder. So this is the other thing as well. If you're going to use a prompt a lot, like I save them as master prompts, right? So, for example, I should be able to send you through all the documents that I have for this. If you're a presentation builder, your job is to take a topic supporting evidence and project materials to turn them into a complete slide-by-slide presentation you can hand directly to my graphic designer, et cetera, et cetera. So that's the prompt. This one is, yeah, this is the frame-by-frame presentation. So that's Document, essentially, what goes on each slide. This would have been the deep research I did on the complete psychology of men. So this is the actual psychology of men needing to lose weight. So it's not just nutrition. It's not just the training. It's the actual psychology that goes into the weight loss for men who want to lose weight and build muscle, men in their 30s, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Nutrition, health, fat loss. So this is the nutrition one specifically. This is the mindset and habit one specifically. This is the hypertrophy one specifically. So I added all the actual research and the data of the topic and just combine that with the presentation builder to put it together. If that makes sense. And then, as you can see, like a long line of me going back and forth to re-wet it properly. But we got there in the end. Thank Yeah. When I give you access to this, I would recommend doing this. When I give you access to this project, you should be able to come and see this chat, and you might even want to just read through it a little bit. Does that make sense?
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Yeah, I don't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Any questions on any of that?
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Yeah. As of the moment, I think I'll ask about what tasks we'll be having for this project, what I should be researching about, or should I just, like, familiarize with everything, conducting deep research on everything? Should I do that first, like, familiarize myself with all of this, or do we have, like, a task that we should be doing for this project?
Kyle Musca: Um, what I'll do is, I will, um... Um, I'll send you a topic for you to essentially go and create a presentation for, if that makes sense. So you'll go do the deep research and, um, just play around with it essentially. And we use that as a test pilot for you to, um, sort of, I guess, actually do one just so you can kind of understand it for yourself.
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Yeah, yeah, I think that would be, um, better since I think, uh, I'll be able to understand everything if, uh, once I have, like, the opportunity to, uh, play with it a little bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but, and, and with this type of stuff as well, something I'd really strongly recommend is maybe even just watching some, like, YouTube videos or something like that on how to, you know, properly conduct deep research and all that stuff. Um, cause again, the better you familiarize yourself, familiarize yourself with the AI and everything, the better it will actually come out, so.
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Yeah, I think I, I would be doing that as well. Like, um. After my EOD, I'll be watching YouTube videos so that at least by tomorrow I'll be more familiar with it and I'll tinker with it as well so that I can at least seek for it myself for later.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And one thing I really like doing on this subject as well is deep, like I have a lot of tonality ones, but like deep researching the tonality and the wording and everything to do with speech around a specific thing. Because then again, it will go and do deep research and put together a really nice document that we can just sort of plug into what we're doing. Perfect. Awesome. All right. Well, I will send you through the details on that and then I'll give you a maybe a topic or something. We'll just start with an easier one. We won't do a 20 or 30 minute one. We might do like a five to 10 minute, you know, presentation on a specific topic. And then we'll just, we'll just, go from there.
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: All right. Got this. Should I be, should I work on this right now or should I finish the? The organic style statics first.
Kyle Musca: How long do you reckon will take you to finish the organic style statics?
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: So far I have, I already have five. Do you need like eight or just like five more?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll go anywhere from 10 to 12. Do you feel like you'd be able to do that today?
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Yeah, I'll be able to do all of that today. And yeah, I still have, I think I'll still have time to do just like a short presentation after that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I can do it. Yeah, perfect. Yeah, maybe focus on that if you're already midway through it and then, you know, by tomorrow or something like that, you can sort of start to work on this. Because I think this is probably how I'm going to be able to give you the, like a lot more volume to actually, you know, work with instead of just sort of, you we're just doing the marketing stuff with the graphics and everything. It's not heaps of work to, you know, heaps. the wording to do that. So I think this will be a lot more better volume-wise.
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Okay. Yeah. Got it.
Kyle Musca: All right. Awesome. If you do have any questions on that, yeah, please just let me know.
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you so much, Kyle. And hope you have a great day today for this Monday.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. You too.
Zeke Gabrielle Rosales: Cheers. Cheers.
Kyle Musca: Bye.


>>> 143/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-01T04:01:35Z | id:134468570
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How going?
Arran Humphreys: Hey, man. How you doing?
Kyle Musca: It's good. What's going on?
Arran Humphreys: Thanks for jumping on early. I appreciate it, man.
Kyle Musca: It's all good. It's all good. I want to rip into a fair few things anyway, so I'll just pull up the... I submitted two check-in forms as well. I  hit my keyboard and it... Yeah, it's hard.
Arran Humphreys: It's smoothed in half, right?
Kyle Musca: They...
Arran Humphreys: That wasn't true.
Kyle Musca: they're like two half-ones, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, Sorry, bro.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, mean, seven calls booked in the last week. Is that... That's accurate?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. A lot of it was organic. If you look at our dashboard. Yeah. So two were from ads, five were organic.
Kyle Musca: Let's pull up the CR dashboard. We've got a few things up here.
Arran Humphreys: So I like tried to just scrape a heap of organic leads, people who'd been on the fence and pulled through a little bit, which is...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Sick.
Kyle Musca: The magic hat seems to be working well this week as well.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I haven't had any calls with them yet. I've got, I think I've got one of them today. So just see how they go with it. Seeming they... Because I think from memory, a lot of them were like, it was too expensive to begin with. That's why they didn't... So I'm not going to go, I'm still going to just say like me prices of this. So it's still essentially the same price.
Kyle Musca: What you could do is like, so yeah, we don't want ever really add discounts to things. So it's like, you can do it, you know, if you get them across the line for the extra $500 and you technically don't have to spend any ad spend on them or anything like that, then it's like the cost per acquisition. You if you spend $500 on acquiring a client through ads, then it's like, you can use that same $500 to acquire a client through a giveaway like this is, for example. The other option you can do there is just add like a bonus. So an easy one there is to say like, well, for the price of six months of coaching, man, I'll give you seven months of coaching.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's what I was thinking of doing. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you just extend it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. So I'll say like essentially, you know, you're still, you're paying for the three months, you're paying for the six months and you're getting.
Kyle Musca: An entire month free onwards. Yeah. With fees as well, man. I think we've spoken about it briefly. Just try and sell six months. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just go for it. And then if you need to, like, it gives you an extra room because it's like, well, bro, instead of doing six months, how about we just start with three? I'm so confident you weren't going to continue on anyway. Yada, yada, yada. So, I mean, looking at this, bro, let's go into this. Okay. So we've had, yeah, seven. And how many, two of them came from ads?
Arran Humphreys: Yep. One of them actually showed up.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And you closed that one.
Arran Humphreys: Yep. On 1,800 for three months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, and this is what I was kind of saying to you this week is, like, there's times where the ads in this time, like, seasonal changes, psychological changes, whatever the  case is, like, maybe you run out an offer, where the ads will just, like,  pull through half.
Arran Humphreys: And you'll, you know, you'll have weeks where, you know, we've had big weeks in the past, right?
Kyle Musca: And you can get those seven weeks through the door, especially if you're doing organic. And then you'll have weeks where you kind of just like need to, again, our ultimate goal is to always make a profit. But some weeks, if you can just sort of like weather the storm, stay really highly relevant to people, then it's like you'll become the guy that they just constantly see. And you'll get on calls eventually and you'll hear them be like, I've just seen your ads popping up everywhere.
Arran Humphreys: Like I thought,  it, I'll just reach out. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like about, obviously, again, our ultimate goal is to always profit as much as it is. But you can see even on like a real  week, like we've had, you know, some of these weeks, this is obviously a real  week. But, you know, still 2.3, 1.7, 3.0. Now, these aren't, you know, where we want to be at all. But, you know, they do allow us to weather the storm if worse comes to worse.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. And we still, we actually still ended March white. week. Like a fair bit better than February anyway. So it was still a better month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And one thing I would strongly like, again, this just comes into, I guess, the mindset shift of when you do, you know, start to actually scale your business. You start to incur, you know, more cash flow through the business in terms of, obviously, you know, revenue and everything, which is usually what people always look at the start. Like when you're just your own coach, you're basically just profiting everything like that. And you're only looking at the coming in. When you start to actually start to market, you build out your teams and everything like that, you add a factor of, you know, expenses like outflow, right? Now, cash flow is very healthy for a business. Like cash flow is kind of adding like wood to the fire, for example, right? You need to continuously add wood so the fire continuously burns, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What can be very, very easy to get caught up on is getting really caught up on all the negatives of the business, right? So from. From a logistics perspective, which obviously we do 100% need to know our numbers and be very cautious around that. But even just like I was chatting to someone the other day and she was like, oh, I'm having so many people drop off within the first month or something like that. And then we pulled up the sheet of it and it was like  two out of like 100 clients. Yeah, I mean, it's very easy to get caught up in the negatives because you're the business owner.
Arran Humphreys: You're the only one that's like dealing with the , if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I get that. Yeah, probably not so bad for you at the moment because you're still hands-on with all your clients. You're still seeing them when you're still getting all the positive things. It's like when you bring on a coach though, like just so you can prep yourself, when you bring on a coach and stuff, they're the one that kind of deals with all the positive things. That's the perk for them. And you only deal with like failed payments and cancellations and like  discrepancies and stuff like that. So it's like it can be very, very easy to get caught in a negative mindset when that happens.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, no, that's good to know. Because I definitely reckon that would happen.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she was like, yeah. No, she was saying something and we just pulled it up and I was saying the complete opposite of what she was saying. Cool, bro. So, yeah, we've got the challenge ones up. Now, what you can see here is like you're getting decent cost per message. Like I don't like to go off cost per result at all from this was the last set of graphics we did. But you can see the cost per lead was just much, much higher. Like, and that's the total accumulated lead. So it's like as you go into these that, you know, drops down a little bit, but still way too high compared to where I'd want to see it at. Way, way, way too high. What's happening there, man, is, and that's why I asked you this morning, it would probably just be a lot of either underage dudes or just like not very qualified at all.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, and there was that time heaps of people. We're just clicking on it, and it was sending them a message, and then they weren't doing any of the flow.
Kyle Musca: They weren't going through it. Yeah, and that's the, like the positives, again, it's a positive and a negative, because the algorithm is really good at finding people that are similar to the people that have clicked through. But because meta is just trying to like, because meta basically sees this, this is what it's tracking as its metric. So it's like, someone messaged this through, like clicks on the thing, right, they just have to click the message and send it through. That on paper is like the meta. It's like, cool, this is a good lead. We've done our job. And it's only real care about it is getting more people like that. So that's why when you get a lot of  console, like you get hooked in like Indians or something like that, you'll just find a  hyper targets on them. it's like, it would drive you insane. And that's why I'm a very big sort of, that's why I've made a very big shift this year on like the messaging and like make. Making sure the messaging really does use the right wording to call out the right type of people that we want to use, which is what I was saying to you the other day. Like, you know, if we're getting a lot of  unqualified, you know, apprentices and stuff like that, start using terminology like this is only for qualified tradies, you know, stuff like that, just to sort of weasel out. So, again, example of that, Brie was getting a  ton of like Indians and stuff like that. And they're just like, you know, just what time wasters. So, now, every time she does an ad, she's like, if you're an Aussie girl, it can be as simple as that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, mean, so, now, just pulling through a good cost per message, I was, I'm a little bit concerned, not concerned, it's not the right word. It doesn't seem like it pulled through the lead. And when I was having a little bit of a look this morning, it did look like there was a dude that did come through. Um, from the tradie ad, I think. Yeah, I, maybe this guy. He would have clicked on it and not done anything with it.
Arran Humphreys: I'll have a look too, see if I can find it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what you might want to do there as well, just to be safe, because, um, I know Brie did have some issues with one of her conversion API things pulling the lead through properly. You just come into settings and then Instagram and then just come down to, and then just come down and refresh permissions.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Uh, and that would just basically reset it.
Arran Humphreys: All right. Do you want me to do that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it won't let me do it, because I don't, I'm not, the actual Instagram account is hatched.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: I'll do that. So, so meta doesn't learn. And from our flow. So I thought like, because we have this, the many chat automation, like meta was learning. It was going off the, once they've gone through it and became qualified or it doesn't, it still just goes off cost per result.
Kyle Musca: It does to a degree. It does to a degree, but the issue there is it's again, meta is trying to look good on paper. You know what mean? Like they're trying to basically fool a lot of people that don't really know what they're looking at so they can get a really good, oh, wow, I'm getting, you know, $20 cost per message, right? So it's going to try and get, and especially with the campaign that we've set up, because it's an engagement campaign. So it's trying to get as much engagement as possible. It's going to use this as its main metric. It will take into consideration the lead itself, but it's going to like, if the cost per. If is, you know, far out doing the lead, then it will, like, use that as a much stronger metric, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: What it does help me to do is identify whether or not, you know, it's actually pulling in good quality leads.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Which is why I was excited when I could try it with a lead campaign, which I did do. But that was kind of the same thing where, like, because I was like, well, if it's tracking off the lead and the conversion API is the lead, then hopefully that would optimize for it. So I spent, like, quite a lot of money on the campaign. And then I realized it was kind of similar. was tracking, like, I was getting a lot less volume. But meta was trying, basically trying to find people that are more likely to convert into actual leads and . But, like, the volume, like, again, the engagement campaign definitely came out better.
Arran Humphreys: So I'll describe that. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm trying to find this thing.
Arran Humphreys: I'm in... Settings. Where do you go? Refresh permissions. Okay. Oh, I did that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So hopefully that should be sweet. Like we're still doing big weeks, which is  awesome.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, the recurring revenue, I've got it. I made myself a little like sheet because I was feeling like a little bit like in the dark every week of like how much I'd make if I made zero sales. And it's every single week's over five and a half grand on rig. Current revenue. So that's pretty good without any sales.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So we'll accumulate with time, obviously, of the sales of the ads as well. Because again, when you look at something like this, for example.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that week we did 70 grand in that week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. Ideally, like, and it's different for everyone. You know what mean? Like, I know for, like, when I started with running ads for free, like, there was one graphic that just pulled for, like, six months straight and we didn't have to change anything. I find for men, yeah, it's a little bit, men are just a harder market to tap into overall. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Like, men just have the idea that I'll just do it myself type thing, whereas women are getting that  done.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Like, it's just a, it's just marketing. Can we come into this and  this one off?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's good.
Kyle Musca: Now, how are you going with the, have you filmed the ads just off the top of your head yet?
Arran Humphreys: I did one yesterday, should come up all right. I'm going to send it to the editor. And then I'm going to do another one. Before we get off this call, just sort of, just around the head, like just sitting down. You know, you've got some just sort of sitting there. I'm going to do one like that. Just make sure the tonality is good and just run through it. See how it comes up as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. What, because again, we want, we want to test different ways of making the ad. You know what mean? Because, you know, my different ways of making the actual ad itself will resonate differently with different people. So, for example, you if you did work more of a corporate role, then, you know, they might respond better to a video that is more professionally done with a high quality camera. But, you know, it's moved around like the ads you did, which I think they came up great. In the same sentence, like, you know, there's also a possibility where maybe tradies see that and it's a little bit too refined for them. Maybe they prefer something that's a little bit more, you know, I guess, rough around the edges so it feels a bit more authentic. You know what mean? So this is something I did yesterday that I think would be worth trialing for you in terms of just filming it. It's also  way easier to do because you can literally just film and turn around. But just do it like a selfie-style sort of way of, you know, version of it. By that, I'm feeling generous, so I'm going to do a giveaway. I'm going to give you this. This is obviously not edited. Chance to win over $10,000 included in all expenses paid holidays straight to Thailand. But there's a catch. This isn't a game of chance. You have to earn it. And that's a good thing because it means winning is actually in your control. All you have to do is follow the plan. I give you strip fat, gain muscle. and build your dream physique. And if you can do that well enough, you'll win. So with that being said, let me introduce to you my 6 months to shredder challenge. So with that being said, let me introduce to you my brand new summer shred challenge. Now, the reason I'm doing this is because I'm seeing so many of these giveaways, which are essentially just lotteries where you only have like 1 in a million chance of winning. And you end up just throwing your money down the drain, hoping by God's good grace that somehow you'll eventually win. Well, I want to do something different where we remove luck from the equation. If you actually put in the work, execute on the plan, and get the best result, then you will win. It is that simple. And to make sure that every lad has a real chance of winning, I'm capping spots at just 50. And I'm not done there. If you follow the plan and you don't achieve a result you're absolutely stoked with, not only will I give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 cash in your weight just for wasting your time. So worst case, you either get crazy results and become a completely new man, or realize I'm full of  and you walk away $500 richer. Best case, you get into the best physical and mental shape of your life, win over $10,000 worth of prizes, and get to show off your new dream physique in one of the best. holiday destinations in the world. And I don't know about you, but to me, it seems like a little bit of a no-brainer. So if you're keen to learn a little bit more about what's involved, deem with the word challenge and I'll shoot you through the details. Now, you need to be at least 21 years old, and 24 of those 50 spots have already gone to my VIP way list.
Arran Humphreys: Entries officially closed May 10th, but getting quick because I guarantee you spots will not last. Yeah, righto. You just did that with edits.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: I'll do that. I'll do that today then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I filmed like five of them, you know, and they're  easy as the night.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, righto, yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, like just trying different styles. Again, volume is really key, I would say. And then what I would also do is, yeah, we've got a fair bit for the challenge. So what you might want to do is make the wording a little bit broader, if that makes sense. You know what I mean? Now, what Again, we still want to, like, use the right wording to call the right type of person out. So, like, for me, for example, when I'm doing that, I always say, like, working 40 hours a week.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But one thing I would say, you know, you could even, like, put an emphasis on, like, someone who does this well, just as we have a bit of a visual representation. Now, Josh has used the same  script. Like, I remember, like, so he's one of my mates. He does really  well coaching middle-aged women. He's also a god at sales and marketing everything.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But he does. He's. He's used basically the exact same script because I remember when I was like getting into copywriting and everything like that, I would come to his and like break his down and like analyze what he does. And I can't, I'm going to try and find it. But essentially what he says like is this only works for women in their 40s. It doesn't work for men and it doesn't work for X, Y, Z. So he excludes, he actively excludes the people that he doesn't want to obviously message through. Like if a man sees this, he's not going to message through anyway.
Arran Humphreys: But by excluding them, they include their target group more if that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I mean like if you, and again, be cautious about how you do this because I was going to even do it, like maybe even put it in your messaging template, but then I didn't want to cut out, you know, dudes that, because there's dudes that work fly and fly out that don't have.
Arran Humphreys: Qualified trade, eh? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So I didn't want to say that.
Arran Humphreys: Operators and that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I didn't want to say you have to be a qualified trade because I didn't want to cut them out. Yeah. But like if you're making an ad specifically for, you know, tradies rather than fly and fly out as much, then, you know, throw in like this only works if you're a qualified tradie. It doesn't work for apprentices. And, you know what mean? Like something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So, yeah, because I find, , man, I would say, I'd say, honestly, probably like 60, 70% are like operators and that because like that's sort of, it's, if they're out of their minds, they're heaps more than tradies. You know what mean? So you don't want to exclude that bracket.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, you might say, it's like, this only works for dudes working out in the minds or qualified tradies.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Doesn't work. For apprentices, it doesn't work if you work an office job or it doesn't work for apprentices.
Arran Humphreys: You could say something like that. Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, even then, because they might work out in the  minds and work an office job. But yeah, again, play around with it. You're going to know the wording better than me, obviously. But yeah, that's something I'll probably look at including in the marketing. You could also do it as a, like, some negative qualifying graphics as well. Where would I be able to find a negative qualifying graphic?
Arran Humphreys: I think we did one of them the first time. It was like, not, not full.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Did a little list.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, don't apply if you're, you know, apprentice or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just a reason.
Arran Humphreys: I hate young , bro. Even if they sign up, they  miss payments.
Kyle Musca: What's your... Average age, because I was kind of even thinking, like, just putting a  target to, if we have a look at this.
Arran Humphreys: Me average age clients would probably be, like, and up. Like, still maybe early 30s. Because I feel, I have a few older lads, but I still, like, look a bit younger, so I'm not getting heaps of older blokes, you know what I mean? That's fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I put it to 28 to 45, just to try and, like, weasel out some of the younger dudes that are apprentices.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Now, that's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: But you can see, like, this one's pulling at $5.76. Now, it's only cost per result, but still, like, that's very, very good for a cost per result. And again, this is why I say you've got to kind of, like, look into it deeper, because that's $30 there, but if come into here, like they haven't actually spent much on any singular ad yet. seven, eight bucks is the most it's spent on one ad.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: So it's still, again. so it's spent, you know.
Kyle Musca: Well, on the actual ad, spent $30 total, which is why if we go to the ad set level, it'll say $30 cost per result. But again, it's only spent  $8 max and pulled through one result. Still in its learning phase, so we've still got to get it out of there. But, yeah, yeah. Does that make sense?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, how do you know when it's like down to that learning phase? It will take three to seven days.
Kyle Musca: Sometimes it will tell you. Sometimes it will tell you here if it's still learning after a few days.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But usually three to seven. And then you'll notice once like one starts to win and it will start to designate more ad spend to one creative and that can be good or bad depending on, you know, who's coming in off it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. The only thing with those ads, I didn't have like music in the background. That was like, you don't think that's public. I was like, ah,  this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I don't think that's the end of the world, but, um, hang on, what I'll do, my laptop's about to die, so I'll go overcharge it real quick.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, you're right.
Kyle Musca: Two seconds.
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what, you had a fair few organic inquirers this weekend, like where did they sort of, what specifically did you do to sort of generate them?
Arran Humphreys: So to get them, bro, they were literally, three of them were scraping them through, so it was just like, it was just me just from my type form application. So I was like, send them, hey brother, how you doing? It wasn't like a magic hat, I was just like, I knew they were all like on the line, so they came through. And then the others just came through, just off the stories, man. So. What I found, I reached, my account reaches the highest it's at. It's at 1.2 mil. And like, I'm getting heaps of good like videos coming through. But when I went to Bali, I posted a lot. It was like, it was more physique, photos, transformation. It wasn't much like, I suppose, like information or like showing a transformation. And I seen like my followers and that all sort of changed. And then, so I was like, oh, , right. I went back to what I was doing, posted, you know, the viral  that we've been doing, not just like the boring info , but  to give it a bit of, and then posted a bit more actual like transformations. And then they started coming through again. So, yeah, because it just went dry. Like I had no organic. And then when I shifted that, it seems to be coming back because I just. Got one then when we were on the phone, so that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Yeah, I think it would be two parts as well on that as well. Like having the, I think the social proof is the most important thing, you know what mean? If you're just constantly pumping social proof, you just look , you know, it just looks  lethal, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think, let's just pull it up so we can actually look at it in front of us.
Arran Humphreys: And I did that story like on myself yesterday, like Carousel, and I actually pulled a lead through that because I pulled a call to action at the end, like DME A1. I need DME soon enough to come off of.
Kyle Musca: This one?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. So that'll be good. , it puts about like, talks about the trade background and everything. Because I, when you first went onto my account, you. Didn't really see it unless you scrolled and found that it actually worked. So now this is pinned. It'll be cool. People can actually see sort of the whole background of it all, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Yeah, I think this is super helpful. Yeah, that's sick. I think you definitely do more of this more often, to be honest.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Maybe I'll start doing one like once a week or something. This is good, too, because I get a lot of people that actually come through that have, like, had injuries and , and they like it that I can relate to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think you should probably use this more, to be honest. He's a decent amount, but that's like a very unique sort of thing, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that is true.
Kyle Musca: I also think like, and it's very, that's why I want you to sort of get confident doing like off the top of your own head or essentially is like, because you're going to be able to tell your own story. Like, I'm not going to know your story in depth, but it's like, and even from the frameworks, is that story one, like the story C  solution one. Um, and that's the perfect time to sort of talk about your background in the trade and how, you know, you, you saw so many other dudes on site, just like, you know, whatever,  their week away on the weekends or , you know, whatever.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, I need to, yeah, I'm still, I'm getting better at it because like you said it, when I can get good at actually. And I suppose like overlaying the message, then I should be able to, it'll go good, I reckon.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, stories are like one of the most powerful things you can do because stories make it memorable and make it, you know, allow people to actually relate to you. It's all good and well saying, you I'm going to give you , you know, custom training plan, custom nutrition, all that . But that doesn't really, you know, compare too much to you being like, well, you know, I worked out in the mines for five years. You know, I saw, I constantly saw that dude who was, you know, 40, 50 years old, who'd been here for the last, you know, two decades,  fat as, whatever you  say. And I was constantly, you know, and I looked at him and just thought, you know, I'm never going to become you.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, again, this is just like, I can't say it very well because I haven't experienced it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, I mean, but like, that's going to be a huge, unique selling point because there's dudes that market the trades in terms of. Fitness, but there's very few dudes that actually live the life to that extent.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, I definitely get that. So that's something I'll try and work on more. So I agree with you. But I can dial that in and it's definitely a lot of a unique selling point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And again, think about the unique angle of the script and how that story relates. So it's like, if you're going to talk about, you know, maybe you talk about how, you know, when you're out, you know, working on site, you would constantly see dudes that just lacked, you know, purpose and lack drive, and they were just going through the motions. And, you know, maybe you come from a mental health aspect. You know what mean? Yeah. Again, maybe you come from an energy testosterone aspect. You know what I mean? Yeah, there's heaps of different angles you can come from that, you know, are more than just, you know,  getting shredded. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Still an angle we want to try.
Arran Humphreys: I think that's a bigger pain point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and again, it's not like getting shred, it's not a good angle to come from. We should definitely try it because some dudes, especially men specifically, you know, some dudes do like just want a six-pack and they do want to just  look good with their shirt off, you know what I mean? And that's  fine. But there's some dudes that, you know, are only going to take action because, you know, they feel like  mentally and they, you know, they're in pain more than anything.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, even that, like you could talk about how, you know, well, I don't have time. It's like, brother, I've worked out in the  mines 12 hours a day and then ran my own business from  five to nine, still hit the gym, still, you know, stayed on top. I mean, like, I would, I'd be, with that, I'd be cautious to not, like, accuse or blame them because if you're, like, you're just a lazy fat , they're going to be like, they're just going to keep scrolling. But if you can, it's more of like a break the belief thing, you know, I've done it. If I can do it, you know, there's no, like, there's nothing stopping you from doing it either.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You just need to prioritize it more.
Arran Humphreys: Which is so, which is so true, but, like, so I definitely reckon I can do some more on that as well. Even I'll be able to make a full carousel about that as well, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, again, with a, like, this is good because it's telling your overall story, but, like, with, you know, messaging and putting the marketing out there, we just want to solve one really specific solution for one type of person. You I mean, we don't want to talk about  working 12 hours a day and then  doing a side business and then staying on top of the gym. Like, that's one message, you know, essentially, like, that's time. That's the time sort of angle, right? We don't want Combine that with , you know, mental health and like, you know, feeling like , looking like , and putting that message and trying to combine the two, because then it sends mixed messages.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's just like, when you're doing it, whether it's a carousel or a carousel or , you know, making a video of the ads or whatever, just solve one real specific  topic, like one specific issue.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah. And normally these take a while to get a reach. So I already got a lad messaged me off it.
Kyle Musca: Well, like every time you get a, the good thing about this is every time you, you know, anytime someone comes to your profile, they're going to instantly see this.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. And then today I cleaned up all my highlights as well. So just like clean them up, put transformations,  heaps of them, little testimonials, just all that . So that was, um, that was good. This was some lad that I coach. So this is actually pretty cool.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, that is sick.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, that was pretty sick. And then today I did like an April Fool's thing. I've got heaps of sticker taps. I'm going to message them all. Um, on this next story I said, like, I'm giving away. Like, that messages us. Yeah, so I've got a fair few people tap it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, the sticker taps are good because it's so low friction. Apparently, you can't do it with poles anymore.
Arran Humphreys: They took it off with poles. You can't see it. Yeah. Dogs. I did. Yeah, they're fuckers.
Kyle Musca: it. That came out good, eh?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, well, my missus, man. So it's one of these. She got three million  years off it. So I'm like, I'm doing it.
Kyle Musca: And it's 100k.
Arran Humphreys: yes.
Kyle Musca: Man, that's sick.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. And then Jesse was texting me today asking how to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you're getting  mad engagement. This is a  sick engagement, too.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, man. Yeah. The dumps go crazy, man. And every dump I do get quite a lot.
Kyle Musca: But I would keep doing the carousels, man. Like, you can see that they're a good...
Arran Humphreys: Even this one got, like, 1,200 likes or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, wow. Instagram favors carousels and reels because they're the things that keep the attention the longest.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: But that's what I found. They're getting, like, my carousels, I'm getting followers, but it's either, like, freaking heaps of gay people, man, or... Which is just  because it's just flooded with DMs or just, like, heaps of girls as well just coming through, which I'm like, oh, it's not really what I'm trying to target. You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, but that's okay, though, because it's selling. So I think one is the lifestyle. You want to sell the lifestyle, right? You want to sell the social proof, right? Have heaps of that up in your story. That's where these carousels... Carouselers work really  well. Like anytime you do a carousel, I'd always throw, you know, your work, you know, social proof into it.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: So like midway through, you know what mean? You might be doing a check-in in Bali or something like that, you know, and it's  even like just off the top of my head, just up here in the top left-hand corner is a  social proof of a client, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, and just always trying to figure out a way to add it in there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because I would treat carousels as like what stories used to be because stories get -off views now, you know what mean? So it's like just treat carousels as a, as like how story posts used to be.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, rightio. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. To a degree, like not for every single one, but like if you're going to do it for bugging social proof, then yeah, by all means go for it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Because if they're getting mad engagement, I would definitely double down.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, even that one on the left there, that looked pretty good, 700. It was just me, so I was like, that's pretty good.
Kyle Musca: And then with these as well, you've got the thing there, which is good. I would still have your CTAs in this, dude.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, still add a CTA to it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because these are your cell and the body and the lifestyle, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. That one I collabed with my friends, so I was like, oh, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, sick. It's still too early to see how these, like,  ads are going to come through. They're doing good cost per lead-wise, but there was one, let me go on here. Yeah, see, like, this guy got right to the end and said working full-time, but it didn't pull him through as a lead. And he messaged through today, which is why I was like, well, what the , the guy was there.
Arran Humphreys: I wonder what's his name. I can see what one he came up.
Kyle Musca: Ah, Hudson Young.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. I invited him for a call. He hasn't responded. It was going well, that combo. Um, nah, he came through one of the old graphics.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. It might have been just, like, a transition as it was turning off.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. Okay. All right, well, we'll see you there. And then what I would do, yeah, is I would, um, I would create... Your next set around the challenge, just opening up the wording a little bit more.
Arran Humphreys: Should I change the name of the challenge? Like, should we, in case we target different people, do you think we should still target tradies and that?
Kyle Musca: No. Well, the idea of this is to kind of get away from tradies a little bit more.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. So I should probably change. I was just, I was thinking like the A1 reset, 12-week, the A1, the 12-week A1 reset. But, I don't know, is that ?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, everyone, I mean, it's not , it's just, it's just like real common, if that makes sense. Yeah, that's true.
Arran Humphreys: Well, I, does it have to have a name, you reckon? Or do you just say my 12-week challenge?
Kyle Musca: It needs to have a, I would put a name on it. Again, that's just like a nice fan. Gift wrapping of it. Yeah. I mean, it doesn't really matter what you  call it, to be honest. Yeah. I'll let you come up with that. But yeah. No, I think these videos did come up and I'm super keen to actually try them. It's just, it's right now with like what's been happening with your ads, we kind of just need to pick apart what the issue is. You know what mean? Like, cause again, you weren't getting a bad like response in terms of people messaging through one of them. Like the volume, I guess, was there.
Arran Humphreys: They were just   leads.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, is that a messaging issue? It's like not a setting issue.
Arran Humphreys: didn't think  I was doing well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Is it a messaging issue or is it a, just a targeting issue? So it's like, that's why we'll give this a few more days. So this challenge will be interesting to see how we go. And this is why I think it would be a really good idea to broaden it up and open it up to other people as well. Because it's like, it could just be that tradies are just a  hard, a very hard market to crack that's just not worth really doing.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because I've adapted tradies before, but it's just like, they are  hard. They usually, again, rough around the edges. They usually don't  care about how they look. They're pretty lazy in terms of what they're doing outside of work.
Arran Humphreys: Like, yeah, man. That's like, even just all I know from, like, experience. Like, it's just very, it's out of anyone, they're going to be ones who go, oh, I don't need help. I'm just going to do it myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, I'm , just cut back on the beers and .
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, it's just our tradies are. I mean, they're just  rough around it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. So, to be honest with you, I think you've got plenty of content for the trade for the channel. Challenge. So I reckon I would just go ham on getting other creatives in there that are going to open up. We should just, I think the biggest thing right now for us to focus on is just like what that wording is actually going to be. So it's like best way to do that. A lot of your guys are tradies, like on the team.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, fair. I'd like, I'd say probably 60% are on site at the mines. There's not heaps that actually tradies. A lot of them are opera owners at the mines, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Are dudes that work out in the mines, do they have a bit of a different, I guess, mindset?
Arran Humphreys: They've just got  heaps more money, man. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Are they, are they, are they different? Like are they different, I guess, are they a different?
Arran Humphreys: It's hard to your regular tradie. Well, yeah, because this is what I find, because they work seven and seven. I find, for example, like chippies and the tradies that work in town, they work Monday to Friday. They're the type that go, I'm too  to train at the gym. I'm not bothering with it, but I find when everyone's out on site, they've got seven days off. Gym culture is a lot bigger thing. Everyone's sort of training. That's what they do on their days off, is go and train. You know what I mean? So that's what I've found. Yeah, man, look, I would say probably like a massive majority, most of the lads on the team are on site. I don't actually have too many people that are in town. And if they are in town, like they are, I don't retain them for as long.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay.
Arran Humphreys: So that's, yeah, that's, that's definitely very interesting. And that's it. Now that I think, I haven't actually really thought of that, to be honest with you, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's known as a black swan.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That changes things massively. Okay.
Arran Humphreys: Cause what I find, cause yeah, like seriously, if think about like my, my old boy and my brothers are chippy in town and they work, they work Monday to Saturday, like they have one day off and then they, and they do work a lot harder. I'll give it to that one. They're just in the sun all day. So they are like, don't want to go train, don't want to do anything, but all the lads that are on site. And even like when I was on site, like you, you're pretty, it's pretty slack work, bro. You do  all, all day long. So that's why you do, you train.
Kyle Musca: So now that I think about it. It depends on how much volume you could really get out because right now we're kind of like at a middle point. We either double down and this next batch of creatives, we just go all in on fly and fly out, not mentioning trades or anything. It's just fly and fly out is the only message we talk about. Or we step out a bit and go broader and go more for like just dudes looking to cut 10 kilos of fat over 12 weeks.
Arran Humphreys: What do you think is more like scalable?
Kyle Musca: Because at the moment, like- Well, I mean, like if you could get the fly and fly out to work, that would be more scalable because you're dealing with dudes earning at least, you know, , what, 180 a year plus. So it's like they've got the money, they've got the time. If you could crack that, it would work really Well, it would just depend on how well they respond to it and how well we could target them, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I don't think it's a bad idea. If I were you, to be honest, because, like, how much time do you sort of have through the day?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, I'm getting, like, in the days, it's actually not too bad to set for, like, three days a week, I'm full noise on check-ins. But then the other days, I'm just doing my content and stuff, all the other days.
Kyle Musca: If I were you...
Arran Humphreys: But to be honest with you, Bo, like, most of my time is, like, thinking of, like, what I need to be doing next. So if I'm, like, I've got to do this, then I will just  do it. You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So if I was in your position, like, me personally, I would... Probably do both. And I would just go  ham on just getting so much creatives that you can't, like, we'll find a winner, essentially. But that comes down to how much time you actually have available for it, if that makes sense. So, like, for me, like, if it happens to me where I'm, like, , you know, my ads start to die out a little bit or they creep up, like, my turnaround times are very quick. Like, I'll  film the next day, I'll have it edited within 48 hours, and I can get it up if I really need to.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Well, actually, actually, the other option here is we just  do the graphics and test it first.
Arran Humphreys: Just heaps of different graphics.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, we need to establish what the messaging would be for if we took a step back and we tried to broaden it. Because we still want to target it towards dudes that are... Have a decent income in some way. What does that person look like?
Arran Humphreys: Well, you'd think anyone working over 30, 35 hours, 40 hours a week is probably going to be 40 hours a week. You've got to be making half decent money, don't you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the only issue is there is I don't want to cross that with everything I've put out. It's an interesting, do copy and paste. Let me do this. The other thing very quickly as well, food for thought, man, is I'm probably looking at, as I said, hiring another coach for myself. What we could do just so you're not stressed with filling them up is we could potentially even get them to do like a cross, you know, I give them some clients, you give them some clients type thing.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, and see how that goes. Just a few thoughts, haven't, like, properly thought about it, but it's an idea.
Arran Humphreys: I, um, I suppose probably the only struggle there would be them, like, swapping between, like, our, our branded templates and  like that.
Kyle Musca: And the, and the, and the different apps that we run. Yeah, so I think the different apps would make it nice and clean, because then they could clearly identify as who's who's.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, but, yeah, we, we can chat about this, for sure.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's been talking to Trades, well.
Arran Humphreys: Um, because, yeah, that's my thing. I was keen as to get one ASAP, but now, like, clients are coming through slower, and I'm like, oh, . But I do, I just feel like I just need to get one, and.
Kyle Musca: I mean, if any, yeah. Yeah. Well, there you go.
Arran Humphreys: We're going to scale anyway, so I've got to get one because I feel like that sort of is my biggest limitation is so much time in the business. It'll get to a point I won't be able to have enough time to keep scaling, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Have you got a Mac Mini and I set up this claw bot and  yet or not?
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't jump on any of that stuff too quickly until it's properly established, to be honest.
Arran Humphreys: I've just been using Clawde, the Clawde co-pilot thing. It's pretty smart, It's pretty cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so what I would do, like, because I think the fly-in-fly-out thing is a definitely good idea. I would probably go put together like maybe six creatives, six to eight creatives, similar to the ones we did the other day, but only talk about fly-in-fly-out .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yep. Yep, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, fly-in-fat, fly-out-fit.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, think that's, that's, man, I. hadn't even thought of that, but it , it makes a lot of sense though.
Kyle Musca: That's not terrible. If you've been, yeah, if you're a dude, I mean, depends if you want to go for the 30s, but if you're a dude who's been working hard and focused on building your bank account, but in the process, you've ignored your body or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. So that's not terrible.
Kyle Musca: don't mind. Again, this is completely up to you.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, what I'll do, I'll have a play with it. I'll try and avoid doing the same that you did. And then I'll send you through some drafts or just some ideas before I go do it.
Kyle Musca: Something like this isn't terrible either, like work ethic. That's not a bad thing to play on. Because you could say like, you know, if you know you've got a strong work ethic, you've put in the big days. And because of that, your body's taking a backseat or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And you can even do the whole messaging out around that to play on their ego a little bit. Like, those are the guys I want to work with. All right. Because I know you've got what it takes to achieve the result. You just need a plan that's actually going to get you there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah, that's good. Like, I was, yeah, I was like, and that's another little trick. I would definitely get, like, keep in the arsenal as well. So I was having a chat to a client the other day whose program ended, and he was, like, probably going to get off. And I was like, oh, yeah, man, I'll offer you my affiliate rate, which I only give to certain guys we actually want on the team. And he's like, oh, what's involved in that? I was like, oh, not too much, man. Just, like, good to have, like, the right kind of guys, you know, the guys that other guys can look up as a bit of a role model.
Arran Humphreys: And he just saw his face, like,  widen and, like, hit from that. Like, that's what brought him in. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, like, you if you can throw in, like, little things that will, like, play on. At the end of the day, humans are very, very driven by status. You know what mean? Like, you don't buy a Ferrari because it gets you from point A to point B. You buy a Ferrari so people look at you and think you're a , you know, sick . You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, if you can get that in the message. Without, obviously, again, just sounding gimmicky, that can be massive. But I'll send you this, just to play up, like, to think about, and I'll, like...
Arran Humphreys: The scarcity angle's not too bad, some of them. Designed for men who don't have time to figure it out on their own? Or you don't reckon?
Kyle Musca: Time scarcity, design for men who don't, yeah, absolutely. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, it's not too bad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because you can always play... Again, the thing about angles you can play on here, it's like, you know, don't get me wrong. This isn't rocket science. But between work, family, the kids, and everything else you've got going on in your life, you don't have enough time to sit down and properly map things out. That's exactly what I do.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's good.
Kyle Musca: Because, again, people that do run their own businesses, they have gotten successful in their careers and . One thing that they do very much understand is time delegation. So it's like if you can play on that, then that works. Even the guy I was speaking to the other day, the guy I just spoke to you about, he brought up something that was actually, like, triggered it for me, is he was talking about, like, how if you give him a challenge, he'll, like, step up to it, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, So it's like play on that.
Kyle Musca: Again, that sounds tough to say. This is actually what  Adolf Hitler did earlier. In one of his real famous speeches, he sold the fact that he's going to basically give them work, like the Germans and everything, like work and everything like that, and not taking the easiest path. But because of that, they'll come out on the other side a lot more prosperous for it. I can't remember the exact  wordings, but it was essentially something along those lines. So I was like, that's not bad, because usually when people go into marketing, like the, I guess the rule of thumb is like, oh, , you know, don't mention that there's going to be work and everything like that, which is true. Like people love chasing the carrot, right, especially in Get Rich Quick Scheme and stuff like that. But you also bring in a lot of  clientele, you know, if you want to  bring in good clientele, you know, talk about like how, you know, this isn't going to be a walk in the park. Like it's not like, I want, I'm going to challenge you to , you know, X, Y, Z.
Arran Humphreys: Like that's an angle you could come from as well. yeah, okay, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I can try and target that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you get what I'm thinking? You can throw stones as well, you know what mean? Most coaches will sit here and say, yeah, you can sit on your  and  do  all and get results. No wonder they don't have any, all right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'll give you all the structure, the guidance, the reports, the hard work you put in, actually, you know, you actually get a return on.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool work. Man, I do have to run. Is there anything else you want to chat about on that?
Arran Humphreys: No, man, that was pretty good. I'll just start smashing some of them out, get them up, and then, yeah, man, let's hope, hopefully, this challenge pulls through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful work. Cool. Definitely focus on, even if you can get the graphics back for the... Fly-and-fly-out stuff today, man, if you've got the time, or as soon as possible, just because we'll get that up, just target purely fly-and-fly-out dudes, see if there's, you know, if we get a good response off that, then we'll just go  all-in on that.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, should I do that with the challenge on it as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, add the challenge. You could, you know, change the name of the challenge if you want to, but make sure there's a challenge. Like, same concept. Essentially the same as the ones you already did, but just  target, fly-and-fly-out.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, well, I'll do them tonight. I've got all these sales calls, and then I'll do all them tonight, and then I'm ready.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. All right, cool. All right, man, I will chat to you very soon. Good luck on those calls. Thanks, bro.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, chat soon. See you, man. See you, Bye.


>>> 144/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-01T05:09:13Z | id:134472794
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. bro. How going?
Harry: How's going, bro?
Kyle Musca: Good, man. How's your day?
Harry: Yeah, not so bad.
Kyle Musca: Pretty chill so far. Yeah? Sweet, man. Well, right, there's a lot I like to cover in this first session, so we'll rip right in. Before we do that, man, is there anything, any questions, anything you want to specifically cover at all?
Harry: Not really. I think literally the only question I had was just, I just like did the no tick on my Fathom thing. I was just going to say, do I get to see like the recorded, like is there, will I get like obviously some sort of summary or something?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely, man. Yeah, I've got these recorded, so if you want the full recording, can just let me know and send it through. Otherwise, I can definitely send you, you know, breakdowns and everything of what we spoke about and tasks to do and everything like that.
Harry: Perfect, perfect. No, I also just tried to get my mini chat up and running, but it keeps bugging out on, like it won't let me log into it, which is weird, just from them. Manychap app. Maybe I'm better to do it from the computer. I'm not sure, but it just keeps flipping out. mean, not even loading the page, which is weird.
Kyle Musca: Okay. That's meta at the end of the day. So I would probably do it from your computer.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It should be a fairly easy thing to set up, to be honest. I can just like build out the flow for you once it is done. That's not super time sensitive. It's just something we want to kind of get in place. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Try that through the computer and keep me updated, but cool, man. So usually in this session, I like to sort of break down the offer and then like talk about the sales process and everything like that, just because it means you can jump off, you know, your next call and go straight into it. I think you're in a really good position to do this as well, because you're not really stressed to get more clients. Like if that makes sense, you're in high demand. You've got relatively low supply for the amount of clients that you want to take on, right? So it's perfect to get that because you're not going to be, you Essentially desperate for, to make a sale. Remind me again, you've got about 42 active clients, Yeah, yeah.
Harry: I just had one pause down today, so I think I've got, yeah, it's around the 40 mark for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And what's the price point you're currently charging?
Harry: Look, I actually, this is something that I, like, I sort of, depending on who the person is, it changes a little bit, which I know is a little bit silly. But, you I just find it difficult sometimes when I got like some young sort of young bloke come on and I know that they're probably not going to have much cash flow. Then I usually put it at like 90, with obviously fees 93, but I've got a couple of boys who are on 100, one that's on 110, or just, you know, that plus fees. So it's just like anywhere from like 90 to 110, obviously, ideally, I want to be charging more, but I do definitely find that I get a little bit like, oh, , I don't know if I can, which I know is silly, but I just do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's no stress. What's involved in that? Like, what do they actually get?
Harry: So I've got like a white-labeled Kahuna's app and then obviously full nutrition plan broken down. I like to give lots of options. It's usually like I have a base plan that I sort of build out of and then customise whatever they need. Training plan, which obviously is like full in-depth. Usually whatever, you know, their weight points are, I've got some sort of plan in place that covers that and, you know, just make it like as look as personalised to them as possible. Obviously, it's pretty much like copy and paste with some areas, but, and then obviously like, you know, supplement recommendations, contact whenever they need through. I'm currently using Kahuna's app to contact them, but I'm almost like, I don't know if I'm still wanting to stick with that. I've been umming and ahhing about it with obviously like bringing on a coach and how that would all sort of look and being able to see the coach's messages and just everything in the middle. And then they also get like a weekly check-in, like weekly loom check-in.
Kyle Musca: Okay, okay, sick. So in terms of the, just quickly. Before we move on from that, in the messaging side of things, do you have an idea of where you want to potentially shift them to?
Harry: I'm almost leaning towards Telegram, just purely because I quite like the system of like, I don't need to be, so obviously I was to bring a coach on under me. I quite like the idea of having like a, each client is in a group chat with myself, the coach that's got them, and obviously themselves, so that that way I can still see everything that's going on, but I don't have to be actively present in there. And I can add in any little inputs and things if need be. And obviously, through Kahunas, which is just too  clunky, and Telegram can obviously be anywhere, and I also like how I can get it very easily on the computer. I can integrate any sort of AI stuff into it as well to send reminders and , like I like that side of things. Yeah, that's sort of, that's where I was leaning towards, purely because the other choice was WhatsApp, but I think WhatsApp gets too, like, because I travel, obviously you'd know the same thing, bro, if your WhatsApp fills up too much with like friends and family and all that stuff, and then you try to integrate, you know, clients. Then I was like, do I get a what to? Do I get a new phone, a work phone, because I don't have everything separate at the moment, which I was almost leaning towards, and then I would do WhatsApp. But again, I don't know if Telegram is a better option. If you had any recommendations, I'd be more than happy to take them on board.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, so I mean, I don't personally use Telegram or anything like that. I use WhatsApp for all mine. I actually quite like it. You know, I don't get heaps of people messaging me on there for friends and stuff. I guess it's all in one place, and it depends on how much time, like how much you're actually conversating on WhatsApp. I think WhatsApp's a fantastic option, just because it's really easy to make those group chats. A lot of people have WhatsApp as well, so it's really easy to like to make it, whereas I don't know if heaps of people would have Telegram. I think I do have Telegram, but like I never use it. And then, I don't know about Telegram, but you can send like broadcast messages and everything like that. So you can create lists where it's like, instead of like, you know, hey bro, fill out this check-in and it sends to like, you know, group. Like a big list.
Harry: It sends it to everyone individually, if that makes sense. Yeah. Okay. Right. And also, I don't mind the idea. like how you can also create communities on WhatsApp where you can obviously have only admins posting, which I quite like the idea of. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you, again, this is a side tangent, knowing it too good on this. Do you have a community much, like much of a team chat or anything?
Harry: Well, I've got a, I've got a, like a, an Instagram page just with like, like Instagram group chat with everyone. But to be quite frank, I haven't been very active in it. I haven't done a whole lot with it. It's not really something that I've done. It was something that I wanted to step into more, especially if I'm starting to sort of move slightly away from the direct coaching sphere that I would want to have more of an input on so that there is that still that feeling of connection. But yeah, I hadn't sort of found a really good way to run it yet, as of yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So we'll loop. It's not the most time-sensitive thing, but having a good community is actually, like, a really  strong thing to include. A lot better than what I, like, when I created it, was like, oh, no one's going to  message another bunch of dudes. But, like, it actually does pop off if you get it going well. And it's really, really good for, one, getting the guys to feel like they're a part of something bigger than just them, which will improve retention. But also, it's really great for, like, cultural shifts and everything like that. So something I've been pushing in my group chat is, like, posting more for accountability. So then, essentially, they just become, you know, affiliate marketers for you.
Harry: Yeah, exactly. Okay. Do you, with yours, do you have it, like, everyone can message in it? Like, do you not predict if doesn't get over, like, there's always, like, one or two fuckwits that just, like, run it up all the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it does. Like, I can't check mine super, like, I can't keep up with mine. But you kind of want that, you know what mean? You want them to be to talk amongst. Thanks. It's each other and  go ham because that's what creates the community. know, it's not really like a job, like a  feed posting board type thing.
Harry: Yeah, you're right.
Kyle Musca: You want them to like build relationships within the community. It's also really  powerful as well when you have a new guy join and introduce himself into it. And then all the other guys in the chat are like, welcome, brother. You've made such a great  decision, like the best decision you've ever made, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Harry: Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah. No, I hear you. Yeah, Maybe even like a, have a separate, you know, a broadcast channel and then, which obviously is just admin stuff and then like an actual community channel as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can absolutely do that. Like if you're trying to, you send out a notice or something and you just start straight to them instead of putting into a chat for sure.
Harry: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay, something to think about. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So these are the payment structures I usually go with. These, you know, from all my experience of myself and everyone I've worked with, these price points work. Really, really, really well. Obviously, you're the captain of your own ship. You can do what you want. Now, I always like to have three different offers. Now, the reason for that is because when we get into the sales side of things, which I'll get into in this call, is we want to think of these different offers as stepping stones that we can use essentially in a negotiation process, which is objection-having, right? Yeah. Because it's like the issue you have right now is if they say no to the first option, it's like, where do you go from there?
Harry: Yeah, you're dead right, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? The second, how we, I like to really do these as well is it's not very common in Australia. It's more common in America, but just charging upfront. Now, reason we do that, I'm not a fan of actually getting paid in fulls. Yeah, I was going to say, yeah. Yeah. I mean, if someone's going to pay me, you know,  three and a half grand or something like that, I'm not going to say no. But my ultimate goal here is to get them on a payment plan. Again, again, I want to move them through the sales process. Process to work out a solution that suits everyone, essentially. And that's what this essentially is, right? And that's what negotiation is. If you're negotiating with someone and it becomes argumentative, right? Which a lot of negotiations can tend to do if you don't know what you're doing, then it's like you'll lose every time because at the end of the day, they have the power. They're the ones that have to pull out their credit card and pay for your service, right?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas if we can move them along this process, right, and work towards a solution that suits them better, they'll feel more appreciated for that. There's a lot of different biopsychological cues in here. One thing that also works really, really well with doing this is we price anchor them really high and then we move them down the ladder. So do you know what price anchoring is?
Harry: As in like set like a higher, you know, like a, okay, this is the standard.
Kyle Musca: Oh, but I can do these ones. Is that? Yeah. So it basically works on the contrast of the different prices. So for example, Yeah. I would say, you know, my top-tier package, man, it's really designed for, like, you know, professional athletes. If we want to look at that, it's going to come out to be about $10,000. We want that shock factor in them. We want their jaw to drop. We want to see it visually on their face. They're like, holy . And then you're like, I don't think that's going to sue you. That brings us on to my gold package, which I think is going to sue you a lot better.
Harry: Instead of $10,000, man, it's going to bring it right down to $3,500.
Kyle Musca: And then you get a sigh of relief. That's so much better. If I just went into, yeah, so for my gold package, man, it's going to be, you know, $3,500, they have nothing to compare it to. they're to be like, , that's so expensive.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah,  hell. Be real cautious with that because it can work the other way. So it's like if I said, cool, man, I've got this silver package. It's $2,500. But to be honest, I think you're going to see the gold, which is $3,500 more. They've been pricing it to the $2,500. So now the $3,500 is going to see so much more.
Harry: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So you've got to be cautious of how you do it, right? Yeah. Yeah, to do that. And... We only do three offers. The reason we only do three is because anything more will put too much confusion in their brain. And then now you'll just get here with the, I need to think about it because they're too overwhelmed to make a decision.
Harry: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. All right. So simple is always better. Now with these as well, there's a lot of nuances I have to talk about here. With these as well, I would only talk like, so you'll see for this one, I've got three months, four months, six months in a year, right? You can't sell nine months, you can sell whatever the  you want. But only talk about one with them. Now, if they need to lose, you know, 10, 15, 20 kilos, talk about six months. That's the only thing you talk about.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: In fact, just while we're on this topic, way of getting started, I would always talk about six months anyway. And then if, unless they really don't need it because they don't need to lose like five kilos, they mean maybe talk about three months. But just by simply selling the six-month thing, you're going to increase your profit margins and you're not going to have to try and re-sign them because you've set the standard in just a six-month package from the start.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Makes sense. Like the simple, there's a lot of simple little things like that, that literally it's the only thing you change it on  W Profilizer. Anyway, so this, this is my top tier package that I would do. Now, you could unroll this if you really wanted to. I usually say to not do this from the start, just until you get confident with it. Works better, again, when you have a coach involved as well, because then you can add more like service without you physically adding, putting more time into it, if that makes sense. But essentially, this is our top tier package. is our higher ticket package. Now, the reason we do this, again, it does help the pricing, but realistically, 20% of the people that come through are going to be willing to spend five times more than the other 80%, right? So we want something to capture those leads, you know what I mean? Because otherwise, we're just leaving money on the table, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So usually for three months, it's $3,000. For six months, it's $5,000, right? They get it, always get a little. $5 A of a price reduction, or a better rate, would say, not a price reduction, for the longer they stay, right? Then that moves us on to the main package, right? Which is, I call it gold. Again, you can call it whatever you want. That brings us down to 2K for three months and 3,500 for six, right? And then this is our downsell option. Now, this is our last resort option. And we'll talk about this once we get into the sales script. But I've made this, so it's, well, it's three months for 1,500 or six months for 2,500, okay? Now, you'll notice that there's these things on every single one. Now, the way I've done that is it's based off the repayment plan, which is what I want, right? So there's three different options. There's 400 a month, 500 a month, and 600 a month. Now, the reason I've done that, so, and then what ends up happening here is, so it's like, if we're looking at, you know, three months for 2K. Right. They pay $1,200 at the start to get started. And then they'll go on $400 a month from that point onwards. Right. So we get a really nice cash injection into the business. We can go do whatever we want with that. And then we get them on that recurring model, which keeps us nice on cash flow. Right. Now, some people like to set this up as like, you know, an onboarding fee, right? And then like a recurring revenue. The issue with that is, again, it goes against biopsychology because you're telling them, okay, it's going to be $400 a month. And to get started, you're adding an extra fee of $1,200. Whereas by saying it's $2,000 from the start, we're reducing $800 to get them started. And then they can just cover that $400 a month, you know, as time goes on.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Does that make sense? So instead of adding fees, we're taking them away.
Harry: We're taking them away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Harry: Again, we're working. start up. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I get what you mean. Yeah. Now the reason I've got the. Repayment plans as $400, $500, $600, is because anything over, and I wouldn't even really do $600 very often unless you have to, but anything over $600 a month, if they can't afford the deposit to get started there, is a huge red flag that they're not going to have the cash flow to afford those repayments. And you'll get people wanting to cancel or just a lot of failed payments and  like that.
Harry: It's annoying. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. You know what I So, you know, again, it's pretty simple. It's right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Especially for like the six months. Like, if they can't afford $500 to get started, you know, how are they going to afford $600 a month?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I Yeah. Yeah. Now, the downsell does have the price breakdowns, but realistically, the downsell is designed so they can just go straight on a payment plan. You know what mean? So, it's like for six months, for example, it's like, cool, man, like, what we could do is just $95 a week.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So, it's like, you know, if we really do need to get them down to just a pure... Payment plan from the start, we have the option to do that.
Harry: Okay. And this would be if someone is just like, oh, I can't, you know, oh, I don't know, this is this, like throwing everything at it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is where we come into objection handling and everything like that. I'll say from the very start, like sales is, it's not a hard skill to learn, but it is a, I guess, it's a skill to learn at the end of the day. Of course.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it is by far the most important skill you'll, you'll probably ever learn in business, because no matter what you have to do, you're always going to have to sell.
Harry: You're always selling.
Kyle Musca: It's an extremely universally applicable skill.
Harry: Right. So it's, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I'll do is I'll share this with you. And, and, and over this, you know, next coming days or, you know, whenever, as soon as possible, realistically, just sit down and have a look at different options that you could do in terms of the payment plan structures.
Harry: Right. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think like, yeah, I mean, I feel like looking at the. The amounts there, like, it doesn't look, you know, it's not crazy amount over where I was at with things, especially the middle package that you showed. Like, yeah, it looks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other good point you raised there, the other point we do, the other reason we do upfront presenting like that is because larger figures look better over time periods than they do broken down into like weekly, right? So what I mean by that is 2K for three months, right, doesn't really sound like anything too crazy, right? But if I sat down and it's like, yeah, so it's going to be $166 a week, you'd be like, what the ?
Harry: Yeah. You're like, that's a lot of money. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That makes sense. You know what mean? And notice how I say it like that. So it's just going to be 2K for three months. You know, it's no big deal.
Harry: You're super relaxed.
Kyle Musca: And again, there's a lot of like little psychological tricks you can do with buying, buying psychology, right? Like 2K for three months is different to $2,000 for three months.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So whenever you're talking about the figure that you actually want to sell, always bring it down to its lowest sounding effect. So for, you know, as I said, 2K instead of 2,000, for, you I wouldn't say 3,500, I'd just say, I'd say 3,500.
Harry: 3,500, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, because 100 is less than 1,000. Yeah. But it sounds better.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of that?
Harry: I don't think so. like, it's all, like, I did a, when I was working for the Twins, they ran me through a couple of sales, a couple of their mentors, like, sales programs. So I, like, obviously, like, a little bit of it, like, I understand it a bit, but I haven't really had a chance to put it into practice because, you know, I've never had scripts. I've never had any of that sort of stuff. I've just always just sort of just run at it. But I, like, hearing you say the things I, like, it's things I remember them talking about and just, like, you know, having the, you're having a conversation, you know, you're not having the conversations between the client and they're the part of them that doesn't want to do it or, you know, like, just like those.
Kyle Musca: It's all good. So like connecting. Yeah. Yeah. So a lot of sales is reps as well. And what I can do is I'll get you on with my sales trainer and everything like that. And actually get you, especially once you've got some calls. So always record your calls as well. So I don't know if you've got like Fathom is a great little thing to just add.
Harry: It's not. I do. Would you, I've never, cause I don't take the calls through a video format.
Kyle Musca: Is that something that you would switch? Yeah, definitely. would. Yeah, for sure. So the reason we do that is one, it allows us, you can hook up things, you know, where you use, I would probably use Google Meet if you haven't got one yet. I only use Zoom because Google just doesn't let me log into my account, but Google Meet is easier to join for most people. Then it allows you to record the calls as well. So you can take really in-depth notes if you've got like, you know, AI and  set up to do that. Or you can just feed the transcript through AI so you have that notes. It's persuasion. And this is what this is. It's emotional selling. 7% what you say, 38% how you say it, so like tonality and everything like that, tonality, and 55% body language and facial expression, all right? So those are really important things to remember. So, for example, like, and this is a great time to pull up the script. So this is the script we'll be using, but I'll come back up to this. But so for this, for example, if I was just like, okay, and I guess why now that, like, why not just keep pushing this down the road? Like most men who never lose the weight. That's a lot different to me being like, okay. And I guess like, well, yeah, like why now though? Like why not just sort of, you know, keep pushing this down the road like most men tend to do who never actually end up losing the weight. You know what mean? What that will do is how the person perceives the tonality and, you know, the facial expression. Because if I'm, you know, leaning forward, I'm touching my face, you can see, like, I'm thinking deeply about the question I'm about to ask. They'll be like, okay, this guy actually really cares about what I'm going to say. So I'm going to put more effort into my response.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But if I was just like, okay, but like, why now? You'd be like, well, this guy doesn't give a  . I don't know.
Harry: It's just something to That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, and that's a really good, important rule to remember with this script. And again, fitness is an emotional sale, right? That's all it is. The further you can get them into their emotion, the more likely you'll get them to convert. And once you get really good, you'll know you're getting really good at the sales side of things. If you can get dudes to basically start crying on the phone.
Harry: Yeah. Okay. Okay. I think that's, I think, and look, I think that that's actually something like I've, I had a couple of like, and even this is, you know, not running through anything structurally, anything like that, but I've had. I couple of my clients who did sign say, bro, you're in the wrong  gang. Like you should be selling cars or something like you. so I just want to fine-tune that. Like I really do want to find that next step with it because I couldn't agree more.
Kyle Musca: I think it's one of the most valuable skills you can have. Yeah, yeah, definitely. And with this as well, you know, what makes a good like salesperson is genuinely like caring about solving the solution for the problem that person's solving. If you're just trying to make a sale for the sake of a paycheck, one, you're probably not going to be very good at sales anyway because people will see that. But yeah, like you just won't get there. Like if you're passionate and you know that you can help the person solve the problems that they're facing, it's like you should almost feel obligated to make sure that they see it through. And one really, really important thing to remember as well is the people coming to you, you know, they're getting a coach because they struggle with accountability. They struggle with making the right decisions that they know they should make. So it's like you... You can't just take, you can't listen to the  that they give you, essentially.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do for this script is when I get you on with my sales train, he's got his own version as well. It's quite similar, just a bit reworded. But I would follow this basically word for word. You know, you obviously can make slight little tweaks and stuff, but I wouldn't change it too much. I've had people, you know, jump on sales calls and stuff like that and not convert, and then we look at them, and it's because they  skip over most of the questions or, like, change it in different ways and ask it in different ways. The questions are designed how they are for specific reasons. So even that one before, you know, why now, though, help me not understand, sorry, wherever the why now question was, it prevents the DIY objection at the end because you don't want get to the end of the call and go, oh, I feel like I can actually do this myself now. But it's like, if you ask, why have you chosen now to reach out? Whereas it's kind of  me off that I can't see it.
Harry: But it goes up, does near the bottom?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, somewhere. And they're like, well, I've tried, you know, yeah. Why now though? Why not keep pushing it down the road? And they're like, oh, well, I've tried, you know, three times before and I've just failed every single time. If they get to the end of the call and they're like, well, you know, I can do it myself. It's like, well, you just said that you've tried three times and failed every single time.
Harry: So do you want to make it a fourth or? Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what mean? So it's like these things. So that's called an obstacle overcome. So it's an obstacle if you haven't set price. As soon as you say the price, it then becomes an objection. We want to solve the objection before it becomes an objection. We want to solve the obstacle.
Harry: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So yeah, what this does is just base level stuff. know, what's your age, current body weight, what's your goal, how long have you been, what have feel like you've struggled with? These are basic questions is try and get them opening up..ikatapo. The conversation, right?
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Also with this, a few little, again, cardinal rules with the sales process, you should be speaking 20% of the time and they should be speaking 80% of the time, right? If you're speaking 20% of the times, it means you're asking the questions. Whoever's asking the questions has control of the conversation.
Harry: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And a very, again, very, very important to understand and remember as well is your job on these calls is to not to coach them.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Because they haven't put their trust into you yet. They haven't actually invested into you to give you the authority to tell them what to do. If you tell them that they're wrong at any point in time or that they're doing something wrong or whatever, their guard is instantly going to go up and they're not going to live, like you'll lose the sale at that point. They won't listen to you after that point. So even if they say something that's wrong, don't necessarily correct them on them.
Harry: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And a good, I'll put a story to it to actually make sense. Good example of this is I was talking to an Indian guy once, and this is how I learned this, is, and he was doing cardio seven days a week for like an hour a day. He's like to me, like, I can't cook. I don't have the time and I just don't cook. And I was like, well, look, what we can do, man, is instead, you know, we'll do five sessions a week. That will give you two extra hours to get your meal prep done. It's actually going to save you time through the week and save you a lot of money because you're not going to have to order food all the time. From that point, he just did not give a  what I had to say. He just lost the sale completely because I told him he was wrong, even though he was definitely wrong. He just didn't want to hear it.
Harry: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what you do instead is when you get into the habit of either reciting back what they've said to you or offering a solution to what they said. And what I mean by that is not what I just said there. What I mean by that is, like, I really struggle with, you know, consistency. Okay. So maybe having someone in your corner, you know, making sure that you are sort of showing up and I guess giving you a little bit of accountability would be really important to you then. Yeah, yeah, yeah, 100%. So it's offering a solution to what they just said.
Harry: So in the circumstance of like the guy that said, you know, I'm doing X seven times a week. So would you sort of come with something of like, okay, so it sounds like we need some sort of someone to help you with direction in terms of your time management around the cardio, that sort of thing. Like, is that the way that you would approach it for, like, what would be your approach if you had, if you could go through that, that chat with that Indian guy again?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good question. So, yeah. Okay. So I guess it sounds like, yeah, something, you know, a plan that's going to give you, I guess, a bit more structure and I guess help with, you know, time management around a busy schedule just so you can get the best results is going to be really important to you then. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Harry: Yeah, that's it. Yeah. All right.
Kyle Musca: There's, you know. Papa Macro is a  Muscle Chef. can order from them.
Harry: I don't care, but this is what we're doing. Yeah, yeah, gotcha. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: The other thing there is, again, just recite back to him. Like, okay, so yeah, you know, it sounds like you do struggle with consistency and just sort of, you know, I guess being able to stick to something long enough to actually like see the results from it. Yeah, yeah, exactly. The reason we do that, right, is because if you just like move on from what like they say something, you're like, okay, cool. And then you're just like, okay, got you. And besides that, you just move on. Like, they're just going to feel like you just didn't care or didn't listen to them. When you recite back to what you said or you, again, offer a solution, they're going to sit there and think, wow, this guy really like heard and understood what I said.
Harry: He actually cares. Yeah, okay. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Just a few like little minor things that I'm sure we'll get it as time goes on.
Harry: Yeah, and I think it's like, you know, I definitely, remember when the twins were first like, oh, I want, you know, every onboarding call, want you to follow a script. And I was like,  that. Like, I'm a human. Like, I want to talk to these people, all this stuff. And then I like, I kind of got them. More and more I sort of learned about it, the more I understand that it's not, you know, it's not that you have to be so  strict about things, but it's just you need structure to get the direct outcomes that you need.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Like same as the DM setting, same as the sales call process. Like we always want to be moving them towards, you know, the end goal of, you know, getting to the next step, right? Because what can very easily happen is, so it's like, again, it's a line, right? From start to finish is where we want to go from. But what can happen is like, if you don't have that structure, you don't follow this script, essentially, you know, you can go off from these other side tangents and then  an hour goes by and you've covered  all. And they're like, that's a great chat, but you know, like I need to think about it.
Harry: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're dead right. And that's exactly what has, what does happen. I just get lost in tangent or some dumb  and then, yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And again, even with that as well, like if someone does go off on their own tangent, and it's not applicable to what we're talking about here, because you'll get, you know,  yappers in sometimes, you do kind of have to blightly step in and get... Get them back on track and get them refocused on what you're talking about.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. And that's definitely something that I think I feel funny about doing, particularly if there's somebody that I know that is looking to sign up, which I do get quite a lot of.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's an easy, yeah, it's an awkward thing to do, but it's a relatively easy thing because especially, and the reason I say that is one, because again, we don't want to get off the, you know, the direction we're moving in. But we also don't want them to start  like dumping  on us, you know, up here that we're going to re-ask later, because if you re-ask something they've already told you, then they're going to be like, well, this guy's just not listening to me.
Harry: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: You've already said this, you know, they'll get annoyed. So it's like, if you're like, okay, like, you know, how long is it in CITC or last at the goal body weight? They're like, oh, like three years, but then like what really happened is like X, Y, Z, and then because of that, and then I really struggle with my nutrition and yada, yada, yada. It's like, , like, that wasn't what I asked. Oh, yeah, no, sorry, I don't, I don't mean to cut you off here. I do really, we are going to get into that and I do. You really want to cover that because it's definitely important for us to understand that.
Harry: Right now, I'm just trying to get, I guess, a surface-level view of where we're at so I can actually get a better picture in my mind. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And you just get them back on Yeah, it's just that getting used to that little bit of like, oh, hold on.
Harry: Yeah, so let's, yeah. And then that bit, like, obviously, like, think about that just like awkward pausing conversation always , you know, it's weird.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a little bit awkward, but yeah. Yeah, of course. The other thing I would get used to doing as well as at the start of the call, setting the tone that you've got a limited time. Because one, gives you the authority, but it also helps to stop them going on  yapping tangents. So it's like, cool, you know, how's your day been, man? Cool. So I always like to throw on at the very start of the call, if I can, if they say something around work or, you know, they just got off work, it's been a busy day or whatever. You know, oh, what do you do for work, by the way, man? Just to make sure that they are qualified because if they're like, I'm a , you know, student or something like that, which we will figure out. I don't have a setting process, but I like to confirm it. Yeah, Then it's like, I would, for you, I would still use it as a practice call, even if they're not qualified.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right? You won't come back to that. But one thing I was like, cool, you know, X, Y, Z. Sweet, man. Well, bro, cheers for jumping on with me today. You I'm sure you probably want to kick your feet up after working. Well, I got a call in about an hour. So you want to just rip right in, Kyle? The start sort of rapport building stage shouldn't last for anything more than like two minutes.
Harry: Yeah. Okay. I mean, otherwise you just, you don't set this tone that you're, they're on your time. Yeah. Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. You're there for business. Yeah, exactly. And the way we don't think of it is like people will do buy from people they like, but they won't buy from you if they see you too much of a friend. They need to like you, but like you as an authority, not like you as a friend.
Harry: Exactly. Yeah, you're right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. So this is all pretty base level stuff. You know, we've tried to... you. So, you know, what have you previously tried to fix this? Have you followed any formal nutrition or exercise plans? Also, how I'd read this script and how I literally do read this script is I'll have it up exactly how I have it up right now. I just wouldn't be sharing my screen so they couldn't see it. So I'm not actually even looking at them.
Harry: I'm just looking at this. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: And then what I like to do is like look away at it. Again, these are small things. We'll come back to them. All right. You know, how much did you lose? Cool. Are you still following any of that now? Why not? Okay. So, you know, if they're like, you know, I tried the carnivore diet and I lost three kilos in three weeks, but I'm not following it now. Why not? Do you mind if I ask? You know, I was just really like restrictive. Okay. So you felt like, you carnivore diet probably wasn't really something like you could do for the rest of your life then. Yeah. Okay. Well, that makes sense. All right. Okay. Now there are a few things that you don't need to ask. Like if they only gave you one thing, then you. don't need to be like, okay, and what about X, Y, Z? Because it's like they didn't say anything else.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: Okay, maybe help me not understand why you might be. And again, I'm saying this a lot faster than how you'd actually say it. It's a lot slower, a lot more calm, a lot more collected. Getting outside help with this instead of maybe just trying to figure it out for yourself. So again, we're identifying, getting them to verbally say why they need outside help with this instead of just doing it themselves. Yeah, that makes sense.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this is, where are we now? Yeah, besides, you know, let's say I just need, you know, a little bit more structure. Okay, and besides, I guess a bit of structure, let's say, you know, we'll both just sit down and I guess really just map this out step by step in terms of like, one, I guess the amount of time you actually have available or like the level of support and accountability needed or even just like the resources you'd like, you know, me. Yeah. To provide. What do you really feel like you would need, you know, from someone like me in order to be successful?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Just extracting out more and more. Now, you'll notice that in this script, we don't go into talking about , like, we do a little bit in the pitch, I guess, but we don't talk about, like, custom training, custom nutrition, you know, those are the features, right? A lot of people get caught up on selling the features. People don't buy features. They buy the result and they buy the outcome. They buy the dream. They, well, people either buy things to move away for fitness coaching in this specific topic. People either buy it to move away from pain points or towards goal, dream outcomes, right? Pain points are a much, not much more, but they are a stronger driving motivator, right? So, for example, the guy that is looking to come to you and work with you because he absolutely hates the dude he's staring at in the mirror every time he catches a glimpse of it. So if he feels disgusted, he can't take his shirt off the beach because he's insecure, that's a lot more of a driving, motivating factor than the guy that looks all right, but he just wants a six-pack.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Both can work, don't get me wrong. But yeah, just understanding the two is also important. Because if you're trying to sell, you know, if you're trying to lean on the pain point to someone who just wants a six-pack, they're not going to respond very well.
Harry: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so you have to sell what they're actually trying to do.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Provide the solution to what they're actually trying to do.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How long has it been since you, like, last actively trying to lose the weight? You what's been holding you back from trying this before? I guess why now? So this one, for example, covers the, you know, why should they take action now? Yeah. You know, and again, these are just accumulating what I like to call, like, little pieces of ammunition. And I would write these down so that when you do get to the end of the call and if you do need to objection. Come Which, you know, sales, you will. You can, you know, bring these back up and be top of mind with them. I mean, well, I need to think about it. Well, I mean, like, you know, I completely understand that. And I guess, do you mind if I, you know, I don't want get to too much of the ejection handling right now because that's a  whole process. We'll come back. We'll get to that. I'm hoping that we'll to do that. I guess besides, okay, so this is where we can start to get deeper. This is where we get to the emotional phase. Everything we've done before this is to collect information to obviously warm them up. But this is where we start to try and dig deep now, right? So I guess besides the obvious of just trying to get, like, you know, a little bit healthy and trying to get, you know, fitter and everything. I guess what are the reasons, you know, behind you really wanting to lose this weight? You know, I just feel, you know, feel really insecure in my body or, like, you know, the mental health's bad or whatever the  they say.
Harry: Right?
Kyle Musca: That's what we want because that's what people are going to buy. Okay. And just to bring it back to, you know, the current situation, is carrying the extra weight, is that having an impact on you? Yeah? In what way? Right? How often do you think about your weight? Is it a daily basis thing? What exactly goes through your mind? How long has that been going on for? Okay. So I guess like, you know, feeling, I guess, insecure in your body and I guess dealing with the fact that you just haven't felt very confident. To, you know, take your shirt off and enjoy certain experiences, like going to the beach for the last two years. Because has that itself been having an effect on you? I mean, see how we, like, now we're selling a lot more than just losing 10 kilos.
Harry: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: know what mean?
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Suppose in, you know, okay, I guess suppose in, let's say six months time, I'm able to help you, you Provide you that structure, provide you that accountability, make sure that you see this through, just like I have with hundreds of other men I've worked with. How would your life actually be different than it is right now? So this is kind of like these two, I kind of like to think of as like a jab and then like a right hook, right? So this, I just try and like remove their base level problems. That's why I said structure and accountability and stuff like that. It wasn't anything too crazy. This one, I really want to paint the picture with. Like I want to, I want them to not have to think about anything. And again, we should have been collecting ammunition up at this point and I'm going to paint the picture for it. So it's like, okay, right. So if you were to imagine yourself, you know, six months from now, you've lost 20 odd kilos and you are in the best physical and mental shape of your life. You've got six pack abs. You're keen to go to the beach because you know that you can take your shirt off. You can feel confident doing so. can enjoy that experience to the fullest. And, you when you're there, you know, instead of, you know, feeling like people are looking at you and judging you, you know, you start seeing girls actually giving you like a little bit of a cider, you know, they're giving you a little bit of a smirk, right? You're feeling good about yourself. You know, when you go to your family events and your friends and family are like, bro, what have you been doing? You look so much different. Like they can't even recognize you. That's how much you've changed, right? Now, when you picture yourself in that sort of situation, know, having become the best version of yourself that you want to be, I guess, how does that make you feel?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, and you should see it on their face.
Harry: Yeah, a lot of gravity.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like they'll  like smile and now, you know, you should see it on their face if you've done a role and they're like, I'm still  picturing it. Yeah.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Also with this as well, like you will notice there are certain words that I do like to lean on. It's like feel, for example, that puts people in their emotional state of thinking.
Harry: Of course.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? So. There's certain things, especially like sensory as well. And so if I said like, do you see what I mean? People like obviously relate that with vision. Do you hear what I mean? It's more auditory, right? Feel is obviously emotional. If I said like, what do you think about that? It brings them into a logistical way of thinking, which we don't want to do.
Harry: Yeah, okay. You want emotions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so emotion is feel. How do you feel about that? Yeah. Do you feel like instead of do you think?
Harry: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, after we do that, we want to kind of like rip it away from them with the cost of inaction, right? I guess, and I guess like what I've got to ask you, like my concern is what happens if you never, you know, fully commit to yourself and you never go out there to, I guess, get the right help so you can learn the right skills you need. And as time goes on, you know, you keep gaining weight. You keep shying away from these experiences, like going to the beach, like going out and, you know, asking girls on dates and, you know,  doing X, Y, Z. Again, really. And as your kids grow up, you're not able to keep up with them. You're feeling gassed after five minutes of playing with them. And you know that you're not really leading by example because they're watching everything that you're doing. when you get home from work, you just do not have the energy to get off the couch. And you can see that rubbing off on them. And they're starting to actually follow in those habits. And things just get even worse. What would that be like for you?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I'd be .
Harry: Yeah, yeah. Oh, I'd hate myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I guess time to make a change then, possibly. Yeah, cool. Okay. So it's important for you to do something that, again, I wouldn't say it like this, but it's important for to do something that it's all I really need to know because based on everything you've told me, I think what we're doing could actually work quite well for you. Because you know how you said you want to lose roughly around 20 kilos. And at the moment, you're just sort of struggling with consistency and that structure. I having the accountability to make sure you see it through. And because of that, it's causing you to feel, I think you said a little bit, you know, insecure in your body, right? So, cool. What I can do, man, is I can give you a bit of a walkthrough of how we can actually help you with all of this, if that's cool with you. Sweet. So the program itself will last for six months. So this is where we go into the pitch of the football. Now, from this, I get this from the very start of the call when I ask them how much weight do they want to lose?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, if they talk about, you know, five to 10 kilos, again, I would always try and sell six months. But if they talk about, let's, like, five to eight kilos, everything that from there, I'm talking  six months. You know what mean? If they took, sorry, three months. If they say, like, you know, 10 to 20, 25 kilos, I'm talking  six months. But if someone comes to you and I need to lose 40 kilos, it's like, well, it's probably going to take a year.
Harry: Let's just talk about a year. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, cheers. To that, again, you might need to slightly reword this, but to achieve that, you'd be working with me, and I specialize in helping guys like yourself, you know, guys that do want to shred some of that fat, build that muscle, but they need something that's, you know, actually custom built around their lifestyle so they can fit it into their actual schedule. So realistically, you'd be exact type of guy I tend to help. Now, with that, I'd be working with you one-on-one so we can create a lifestyle that would allow you to cut that 10 kilos, but far more importantly, actually be able to maintain that over the long term. Does that make sense so far? So, yeah, I'm going to provide you with a tailored updated plan every single week, but you'd actually be working with me pretty much on a daily basis to make sure that what you're doing is, effective, two, enjoyable, and three, that we provide a ton of, you know, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. I'll just let you proofread this properly. Again, it's just kind of reading off the script at this point, right? Again, you'll notice that we don't really talk about, you know, custom programming and all that  in here, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, is part, right. So after we get through all that, cool, man. Well, yeah, I guess, do you feel like this could be the answer that you were sort of looking for? Yeah, yeah, definitely. Yeah, cool. Perfect. Now, this is exactly how I wear my clothes. So I would, like, I came and, yeah, literally extracted everything that I would say word for word. So, yeah, I'm happy with everything we've spoken about today. And I'm more than confident we can get you to where you want to be. I guess the only other question I have is, like, when were you sort of hoping to get the ball rolling? Now, the reason we asked for this is just because the last thing you want to do is, like, once you say price and they get off the phone and they didn't sign, like, 99% of the time, you'll never hear from them again. They'll just talk themselves out of it. So it's, like, the last thing you want to do is say price and then they turn around and tell you, like, oh, I've got a, you know, trip to Bali next week. You know what mean?
Harry: It's, like, .
Kyle Musca: So it's, like, if they say that, it's, like, cool, man, like, well, no stress. What we can do is that actually works out well. I'll go away and put together a package option for you based off what we've spoken about.
Harry: And then we can just jump back on, you when you get back from your trip and we can just rehash things essentially. Yeah. Okay. So just lighten up for after that instead of just giving them the price and then they  off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Ideally, like in the setting process and stuff, especially when we get into ads, the setters should have picked this apart already. But again, you always have people that slip to the cracks, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Okay. Yeah. Well, sweet. Since I have a full team involved in this, man, I'm turning into time is pretty good. I usually can get the first block back within 24 to 48 hours. And that means we'd have plenty of time to prep over the weekend and start fresh on Monday if that works for you. Cool. Sweet, man. Well, I guess the only other thing to do now is just go through the different package options and I guess see what suits you best. So we've got a few options. might as well just start from the top and work our way through. Now, you'll notice from here, my tone gets very casual. Like it's not a big deal, right? It's just a formality, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sweet, bro. So now this one is our price anchor one. We're not actually trying to sell this.
Harry: Thank you. We're to get that shock factor, right? Yeah, of course, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So my top package, my platinum program, it's extremely comprehensive. It's really designed for professional athletes and people dealing with chronic injuries or illnesses, and maybe someone wants to jump on the stage, take a ton of gear, get super lean, right? It's extremely comprehensive. Now, if we were to look at that for six months, man, it would come out to be around $10,000, and there is one spot left available for it. But, you know, to be honest, I just don't think you're going to need that one. It's going to be a bit overkill for what you need, right? So we do emphasize it. We slow it down through that period. We want that shock factor to sit before we just, like, build trust within that. I don't think you're to need that, bro. It's like you're to be overkill. I'll just move on. Yeah. Now, the other thing I really want you to take note to, because it's really, really important and very often overlooked, is how we always say there's only one spot left, two spots left, whatever spot left for each package. Now, the reason we do that, which I'll get to, is because when we get to the downside, Sell option. There's no technical spots open, but if you want to take it right now, I'll slot you in.
Harry: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So we're building that urgency and that scarcity, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So that brings us, now if you don't have, if you're not going to do your top tier package, your high ticket package, you can kind of just skip this part and essentially do this in the package you're going to sell. But for the sake of the marketing, I'll do it for this. So that brings us on to the Emerald package. Now this one's still very comprehensive and it's really designed to maximize, you support and accountability and communication, right? Now, if we're looking at the Emerald option for six months, instead of $10,000, they bring it right down to $5,000, right? Depending on whether you're not trying to sell it. If I still know that they're not going to take this and I just want to price anchor them a little bit further, to be honest, I'd probably skip it. But if you wanted to do that, you could say $5,000 there, right? But if you're saying it, you should probably want to sell it.
Harry: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: I'm bringing down this 5K. Now, with that, and what I would also get into the habit of, I've changed it since this actual script, to be fair, but say the price before you say what's included, because they'll remember the last thing you say. If you say everything that's included and then say the price, they'll just get hooked on the price. When we say the price, it hits them, yes, but then we can go through the value of what's actually included.
Harry: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, with this, man, you'd receive full custom program built around your lifestyle and goals, nutrition guidance and comprehensive, yada, yada, yada, weekly check-in, second weekly strategy call, yada, yada, yada, yada. That was a fair bit more, but I feel like you get the point, right? Yeah. And for that one, there is also one spot left, right? Now, depending on whether you're trying to sell this, this is when you would make the ask. So you don't just keep going through and give all the options, right? You make the ask before moving on, right? So it's like there is one spot left for that. Now, when you make the ask. What I like to do is, so with all that being said, man, like, guess, you know, which options sort of jumped out to you the most there? Now, notice how I said which option, not did any of those jump out. Reason for that is because did any of them stand out is a yes, no question, right?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which option is an A, B question? You know what mean? Like, you have to, if they answer, it's like, you know what mean?
Harry: The gold option was better. Yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Platinum package was better, right? Now, the reason we don't offer all packages as one at once is because, again, we want to work towards a solution, right? We want to, you know, if we just gave them everything, one, they'd always probably go for the lowest hanging fruit. But also, two, it would overwhelm them, right?
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So let's say, for the sake of the argument, because this is what you're going to do, more so to start with, is you did the Platinum package and then skipped the Emerald and be like, cool. So that brings us on to the gold package. Now, it's still very comprehensive as everything I do is focused on, you quality over quantity. It's just a slight step down in terms of accountability communication. So you still get all the custom programming, the custom nutrition built by nutritionists. I still have 27 texts and call communication with me. Again, this will change based on what you're actually going to offer in your package. We just wouldn't be doing that second weekly strategy call or one-to-one educational series. But I do have pre-recorded educational series that you can work through as like a call. Again, it's going to change for what you have. Right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And we also open it up to a slightly wider group of people as well. Right? So, again, we're selling the exclusivity of this. Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now, if we were to look at that, instead of, you know, $10,000, so anchor whatever the highest one you just said was. So if you're skipping a past plan, you would just go straight to, you would go to, plan. So if we were to look at that, we bring it down from $10,000, right down to $3,500. Again, that covers the whole six months. This is an audition. finish. Additional or charges. Now, obviously, using Newey, you might not be able to say that, right?
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: In saying that, though, you could always just include that into the actual price.
Harry: So it's like, you know, it's very fun. yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whatever it comes out to be, right? No additional fees or charges.
Harry: Would you recommend doing that? Is that something that would recommend doing?
Kyle Musca: If it's not, you know, overly complicated to do, then yeah.
Harry: Because, yeah, because like I, when I first started off, I always included them because I didn't like the numbers. It being like, you know, and 71  cents because it just pissed me off. So I always included it. But then the lot, like I did a little bit of work with Cam Gilfillan just because it was a mate. And at the time, and he was like, oh, no, definitely, you know, you know, add that on top because you don't want to be paying that.
Kyle Musca: And then I was just, I've just had it like that since. So you reckon if we're going bigger ones like that, just include it in? Yeah, I mean, like, I'm just never a fan of adding additional fees. You know what mean? People just don't like additional fees. You know what mean?
Harry: Well, if someone, you know, if I see a... Shipping fee added, I always  off the payment.
Kyle Musca: Like, you know, I'm always like,  yeah. Yeah, Because it's like, again, you're asking, you're pricing at them and then you're asking them to pay more.
Harry: People don't like doing that. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, no, here you are.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, you might get a little bit cold. It depends how complicated those. Because like 3,500 sounds better than if you're going to try and say like, you know, 3,567.
Harry: It just sounds like. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, here you are.
Kyle Musca: So you might even want to round up to the whole, you know, closest whole number or something.
Harry: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, no, I like that.
Kyle Musca: And then when I ask, you know, a lot of the times when we re-ask, which again, we're not going to have time to get into now. But I always say like, would that be more reasonable for you? You know what mean? Because it's like, you're dropping, you know, we're making it more affordable, whatever we're  doing. Is that going to be more reasonable? We're trying to extract a yes out of them.
Harry: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Now, after we say the one that we actually want to sell, right? And again, with the gold package, there's two spots left. We always add a guarantee, right? Like we did platinum, we just did the gold, and then we moved straight on to the guarantee. Now, obviously, I back everything that I do. So if you were to sign up and follow the game plan and not achieve a result you're absolutely stoked with, not only will I give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 cash just for wasting your time. So I guess, yeah, with all that being said, man, which options sort of jumped out to you there? Now, the reason this is a conditional guarantee, which basically means, and you might want to add this in the contract, basically means they have to complete like 80% of the program, they have to check in three times a week, they have to do all their progress photos, they have to track all their training sessions. They actually have to do the work and they'll get the result. I'm confident in doing that because at the end of the day, it's just science. You know, if they do  all and they don't do any of the work, then they're going to get, obviously, a refund, right?
Harry: I literally just saw this in one of, in an ad that I saw on Instagram from one of the other fitness coaches where he was saying, yeah, if you're not, you know, if you don't get these results in these weeks, I'll, I'll leave him.
Kyle Musca: Pay you $500. I remember being like, how? So, okay. So how , how precise are the, are the actual conditions on that ? Like, yeah. So it's a conditional guarantee. The other thing as well is like for whatever freak circumstance that did the work and they didn't get the result because they're an abnormality. As long as you put in the work, you give them a good quality service. It's very, very, very unlikely that they're ever going to ask you for a full  refund. Yeah. Yeah. I think I've only had that like ever once really from a guy that could have maybe achieved it. He's still got crazy good results. I think my closer just said he could lose like 20 kilos in like three months. And I just gave him an extra month of coaching, but he was on my top tip, actually like five grand for six months. Yeah. Five grand for six months. So I was just like, look, man, I explained to him, you know, you have actually lost probably that much fat. just build muscle in the process. But what I'll do, man, I want you to have really good experience and I want to see this through with you.
Harry: I'll give you a whole extra month of coaching. Absolutely free. He was fine with that. Yeah. I think it just comes down to not just not being a cockhead, huh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, as long as you do a good service, they're going to be sweet. Now, again, there's always an objection handle component that we're not sort of talking about here because I'm trying to just stick to the script, but let's say you objection handle a little bit, they can't afford it, whatever. Cool, man. Okay. Again, no stress. You want to confirm that want to do the program. Yes, got you. In that case, like I probably shouldn't do this, but like,  it. I do want to help you sort of strip this 10 kilos because I know how much it's going to actually like mean for you. I do have a silver package, which is technically full, hence why we're adding the how many spots are available. But I think if someone finishing mid to end of next week off the top of my head, I'd have to double check, but I could slot you in there to take that spot. Now, is still very comprehensive. comes with all the, yeah, et cetera, et cetera, et And if we were to look at that, man, it'd bring it from, you know, three and a half thousand right down as 2,500. So it works out to be a fair bit more affordable as well. Is that going to be like a little bit more realistic for you? Yeah, I'd have to think about it. Look, that's no stress, man. But as I said, like there's not technically a spot open for it. And what usually tends to happen is I jump on someone like a call like this, situation like this comes up and they just jump on it. It's very, very rare that there's actually officially a spot open. So, I mean, you can chat about it, man, but I do have three. I mean, you can think about it, but I do have three more calls to Sabo. So this is very unlikely that it's going to be available.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then usually dudes be like, oh, , let's just do that then.
Harry: If they don't take that and then they do message a couple of days later, like, hey, man, like how to think about it.
Kyle Musca: I actually, I do want to do this. Where do you go with that? To be honest, it's extremely rare that you'll ever get that. I couldn't imagine.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like if they did, I mean, they're not going to remember specifically. So what, hang on. Let me just look at the next corner. I'm maybe two seconds later. But yeah, one, very, very, very rare that they're going to do that. And two, even if they did, I mean, they're not going to be too concerned. And if, you know, you're like, oh, cool, man. Like, what I could do is, to be honest, I would just like to act like you just  just move forward with it.
Harry: Yeah, yeah. Of course, then I'm going to remember. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, easy. I suppose that's a rare occasion anyway. Yeah. Do you think you could send me through that script just so can have a read through it? Is that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely, definitely.
Harry: And maybe just, just, even like, you know, just duplicate to make it like actually what I'm offering as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So any, any document I send 3D men, it's usually a template. So you can just, like, create a copy like you did with those other forms and just, yeah, tweak a little bit.
Harry: Cool, cool, cool. Yeah, I've just got a bit of thinking about, like, I've never, and someone was talking about it. It's just like, this feels like the step from, you know, oh, I'm just, I'm a coach to like, oh, I actually, okay, now I'm structurally running a business. That's sort of where I feel that I'm stepping. So this stuff's all like, yeah, I'm quite intrigued. I'm quite excited, actually, quite honestly, bro. Yeah, exactly. Just learn.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's definitely a learning curve, man. But like, you know, realistically, if you want to be. Business owner, like you're 80% of your time should be spent working on the business and 20% in the business. So it's like, now we just need, I always think of it as like a three-step process. When you start, you've got a lot of time on your hands and  all cashflow because you've got no clients. You get to the point where you have, you know, enough clients that you've got good cashflow, but now you're doing everything yourself. So you've got no time. And then it's like step three, we need to delegate. need to start bringing on a team. We need to start growing out, buying your time back. And then you're, you're just focused on from that point, growing the business as much as possible.
Harry: I'm just very glad I'm past step one.
Kyle Musca: hell, that 's up. That's why I don't really work with people in that step because it's like, well, it's too much we can do.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. I think my only question is, what would you like me to go away and do? Like, do you have a, do you have some things that I need to sort of get set up or yeah, what do I need to do?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would go and do, man, is restructure your office. So you have three different tiers and then look at, you know, what you're going to actually include into those or not three different tiers, at least two different tiers, I would say. Your call package and your downsell package. Not much has to change with them. Technically, nothing has to change, but I probably wouldn't do that. Like the only thing I really change from mine is like my gold package members. They get 24-7 text and call communication, and they get a weekly check-in call instead of a loom, right? So that will help you build a better relationship with them. And if they're paying you  $166 a week, I'm sure you're probably going to want to jump on a call. Like obviously, yeah, once you get a coach, they obviously do it for you. And then you can add things in like exclusivity in terms of like technically opening it up to a bigger group and stuff like that. But again, not much has to change much. And with a 24-7 text and call, like then very rarely going to actually call you.
Harry: Most people are just going to want to text everything. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you can add  like, you know, even right. I through AI and, you know, extract ideas, but you can add  like a concierge  onboarding service or some   like that. You know what mean? You can add whatever you want.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Just got to sound inviting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. So yeah, do that. I would proofread through the sales script and like do it a couple of times just so you understand the wording and everything like that. Even make small tweaks if it obviously, you know, says women and you don't train women, then just make small tweaks like that. Yeah. Even possibly even like role-playing with, you know, friend or something like that just to sort of get used to going through it a little bit more if possible. But the reason I like to do this is because, again, you can go away, jump on a sales call straight after and start selling higher ticket packages to improve your proper margins.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. My only other question was, I haven't done any CTAs, any advertising, anything at all on my story in like probably two months now. I was thinking of chucking a couple up this week just to get some familiarity with it.
Kyle Musca: But is there any recommendations on what format I should go about doing those? That's, you know, you know. Yeah. Yeah. So I always like the, if you're going to do a new story and everything like that, I would do just a real simple CTA story. Again, we'll talk about this as time goes on. But I would do, especially around April starting, would chuck one up. I'm like, I'm looking for six lads looking to, I always like to be really tangible with my big, outcomes. I'm looking for six lads looking to strip eight to 12 kilos over the next 10 weeks. And then you can go without pain or with, with dream outcome. So like without super restrictive diets or, you know, living in a gym 24 seven, something like that.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Yeah. And you can keep it just that simple. you're know, DM me or, you know, fill out this application form. Or sometimes I had like, you know, a dream outcome by the end, you'll be bigger, leaner, stronger, more confident. If you're keen, click the link below, some  like that.
Harry: Would you recommend putting a, like, I've got to tell, what am I trying to say, type form. Would you recommend. Would putting a link for that? you recommend putting it, you know, a sticker tap? you recommend putting it, you know?
Kyle Musca: Sticker taps work really, really well because it's less friction and you can manually outreach them. So if you're going to, if you're happy to do that, absolutely. I'm a little bit lazy.
Harry: just send them to an application form. I've got, yeah. I mean, to be quite honest, I've got time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would do the sticker tap.
Harry: Yeah. Sticker tap. Got it. Cool. And any, like the photo of it should, you know, obviously should be something to do with like.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah, just something. Yeah.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like I'll show you real quick. Um, like how I do mine.
Harry: Yeah. Sorry. Hold up your time, bro.
Kyle Musca: know you're up. I know you're up. Something like that.
Harry: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Got it. But again, always tangible. 12 men. 25 pounds is because that was for US in 12 weeks. This one is one of my best performing ones for the ones I'm running at the moment. Looking for 12 lads who want to strip 15, 25 pounds of fat over the next nine days without extreme cardio. So without pain, I'll give you the structure, guidance, accountability, get better results if possible, kick your , be keen, DM lean, or you might say tap sticker.
Harry: Tap sticker, yeah, yeah. Awesome, all right. earth, I can get something like that up, that's so stressed. I just think, it's just little things like that, I don't have any, I've never had any sort of guidance on what to actually  do.
Kyle Musca: So I just, I just, have just winged it the whole time. So I just think about what, if we actually get  in place, what the 's going to happen? Yeah, no, definitely. Awesome. We'll, we'll, break down those as week goes on, weeks go on. We'll talk about all the organic content, the CTAs, everything like that you can do.
Harry: Awesome. No, keen as, man.
Kyle Musca: Sounds good. Perfect, man. And again, if you do have any questions, just shoot me a message anytime.
Harry: Cool. No, awesome, man. think, yeah. I'm pretty, pretty comfortable. need to go and get myself. And then, yeah, laughing. Awesome, bro. All right, man, you enjoy the rest of the day. I'll chat to you first, man. Cheers, bro. You too. Have a good one. See you, bro. Bye.


>>> 145/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-01T07:00:07Z | id:134482657
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Callum Hinze: Okay, I think I'm going to hear you again. Maybe not, man. I'm going to try to switch. I don't if you can hear me or not.
Kyle Musca: There we go. Are good?
Callum Hinze: Let's see how this goes. Can you hear me? I can now. When we were on before, all I could hear was like one word every five seconds. So I didn't really get much of what was on. Okay. Okay. I think we're good. I can see your faces moving.
Kyle Musca: So I think we're, I think we're sweet. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Hold still. Perfect, man. Yeah. was just checking your check-in for, 21K for the last seven days.
Callum Hinze: That's not a bad way. Best week. I think that's my best week. I did actually get a few renewals of like just existing guys in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: And I think I had one or two six-monthers as well.
Kyle Musca: So like you said last week, they all sort of add up, don't they? Yeah. In terms of new sales?
Callum Hinze: Nah, none of the... I don't think any new ones were on six, but I managed to get six months from just existing guys who just renewed, which was...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I think the level of service you've got is obviously really high because you do get a lot of renewals, which is fantastic.
Callum Hinze: I honestly don't often have a lot of people leave, which is nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Are you tracking your lifetime value? Like once they do leave?
Callum Hinze: I haven't been, but I have... I've seen that Newey does a thing now where they do actually track it for you.
Kyle Musca: They do days, I think.
Callum Hinze: They've... Where is it?
Kyle Musca: It's... It'd be good if they did average. It'd be good if they did average price. Last time I looked at it, they... Days, and Days is not an accurate, like Days is a misleading figure.
Callum Hinze: Okay, I found it somewhere the other day, and it gave me like the legit lifetime value of like my current clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see that's a bit, I was literally having this conversation with someone the other day, a little bit of like, doesn't really make sense to do it like that, because lifetime value is literally like, you can only get once they stop paying you as a client. Oh, I get you. You know what mean? Because it's like, if you have a guy on like week one, for example, he's going to massively skew the average lifetime value, because he hasn't fulfilled his yet.
Callum Hinze: That makes sense. I think that was only for subscribers anyway, rather than like weekly subscribers. Fair.
Kyle Musca: It'd be good if they like, did it for expired clients, if they have that feature, because that would obviously make things a lot  interesting for you. Yeah. What you could do is like, if you have an operations manager, oh, I should have access to NewE. What I... I personally do is I just track every time someone cancels, I just like put it into the sheet. That's really good to know that figure because it means like, you on average, how much is someone likely to spend? And then that will give you like what you can, you know, spend to get a client essentially.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, fair, fair. But I think overall like retention, one of the strong points for us.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm sure it'd be pretty good. Okay, perfect. So eight calls this week, 12 booked, did four no-show?
Callum Hinze: Or you still got a couple left? Yeah, four no-show. I'm still tracking it from Sunday to Sunday. So that's from last week before the start of this week. Four no-shows, I think. But yeah, I think I took eight calls or so and I think five sold from memory.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. So we're doing some really good consistent numbers, which is fantastic. Is the SheCEO dashboard up to date?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's have a look at that bad boy. How's lead flow going this week?
Callum Hinze: This week's been a bit slower. Last week was great. This week, not quite as many. I've only had, I think, three or four calls this week. Signed two, though, so it's not that bad quality, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's break this down here. So let's just say it's 21 because it's usually pretty accurate. Okay. So good lead quality the whole way through. Fantastic. Good close rate, good shop rate. Yeah, everything is there. great. Good cash collected. Again, you can always see that there's a lot of cash collected. Like, there's future revenue coming in, but, you know, especially like this week here and this week here, a lot of cash collected, which is fantastic. But what that's sort of telling us is that there's a lot more room in the tank. You know what I mean? In terms of getting longer duration packages going. Yeah, yeah. You're still taking clients yourself, right?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, but not many. Only ones that are really specifically after myself for a high ticket.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. The 3,000.
Callum Hinze: I don't know if you can hear me or not, but I can't hear much of what's going on on your end. I might try and refresh.
Kyle Musca: Is it stuck again?
Callum Hinze: Well, back now. We're back now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. There we go. I don't what's going on. don't Um, you, maybe it's, I think it might be.
Callum Hinze: I can now. I can now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it might be when I share my screen, it's struggling. So I'll just, I won't share my screen. But you can see like the last two weeks, you've gotten like 4,000 cash collected and then future revenues, 1,500 and two grand. So what that's really telling us is like the, you know, there's these, there's opportunity to sell like longer duration packages, essentially.
Callum Hinze: Um, and then the high ticket guys working with you, that's the 3,000 for three months that say. Yeah. Which is not a lot of them. It's only the ones that specifically want to, or like ones that want to prep with me or whatever.
Kyle Musca: But yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's, yeah, that's exactly like, it's a good setup as well. Um, you, you'll remain really profitable from that. There's also like, I mean, you could always work into that as well. Um, instead of just working with you, for example, they could still work with you and, uh, and Liam. Um, but just like figure. There are different tasks that Liam can do in his call with him. So, for example, with my, like with Pat, he does like an educational series with him where each week he'll sit down and, you know, cover a different topic and how that practically applies to their life, for example.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I so it's like a more of an educational thing or, you know, maps out their entire schedule hour by hour, you know, if they do work quite a lot.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay, makes sense. And that'll be just like a price bracket somewhere in between.
Kyle Musca: No, I would do that for like the, you know, they're to pay $5,500, then they work with you directly on all the coaching stuff. And then Liam also, again, this is just food for thought. You don't have to do this by any means. But, you know, then Liam, you know, they work with you directly for all the actual coaching stuff. But then Liam can jump in and do, you know, the scheduling or the practical series stuff or whatever the , you know what I mean?
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah, makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Depends on like how, like, do you sell that often?
Callum Hinze: What's that, the one with myself, often?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Every now and then, it's definitely not the majority of the time.
Kyle Musca: How many clients do you currently manage?
Callum Hinze: I still got about 50 or something, so I still got a good amount. But majority of are like the older ones that are paying a lower ticket.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, I it just depends on if you want to even take on the extra workload anyway, to be honest. Yeah, yeah. I think in time, I'll still shift some more of my existing ones to Liam, just because they're not paying as much. Yeah. Yeah. Again, to be fair, like you could even, depending on where Liam is at client-wise, but if he is more filled up, you can, again, even just bring that out and just say, you know. Because, for example, that's my top tier package. They don't work with me directly. They work with Pat directly. But Pat does two calls with them a week.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, man. So, food for thought. Again, just because everything's... It's so healthy in your funnel at the moment.
Callum Hinze: It's like now we just need to figure out how we can extract more out of the actual client. Yeah. I'm pretty happy with the way things like last week, if I can run similar to what we did last week, every week, that'd be very, very ideal. So I think retention is really good. Like I think what, five or six sales last week, plus a bunch of renewals.
Kyle Musca: Like if that was every week, that'd be, that's pretty much the goal really. Yeah. Yeah. Also on that as well, on the topic of retention, it just means that like a lot of you guys are stoked with the services, as said. So what I would also do, man, is I would go through and get your best clients and I would try and get video testimonials out of them, you know, because they're super powerful to use forever, essentially.
Callum Hinze: I actually need to write that down because I was thinking of doing that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And what you can do is you can jump on, even if you don't even send them a thing for them to video. So what you can do is jump on a Zoom call or something like this and just record it and just ask them a load of questions. Yeah. I mean, like what's been the biggest win since joining the program?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I think I saw Sage doing something like that a while back. Yeah. Learned that pretty well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So they're great to do on, you know, especially extension calls and stuff like that as well. Because if they're extending, they're obviously, you know,  keen on what's happened in the program.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: So it's a two birds, one stone type thing there.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Good point.
Kyle Musca: Also frames them well for the upsell. They just sat there and told you how great the program is.
Callum Hinze: Good point.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. The other thing on that as well, before we move past it, do you have much of a community going, like community group?
Callum Hinze: I've just recently made a one on Instagram actually, and the guys seem to be a lot more active on that than through the app. So that's, yeah, that's actually been working really well.
Kyle Musca: Do we, we spoke about that?
Callum Hinze: I don't know. I think you might have. spoken to Morgan about it. then she's like, well, you should do this.
Kyle Musca: And then I did it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I think my second hand got that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I would, yeah. Community works extremely well. Like I, when I started mine, I was like, it's not something that middle-aged men are really going to  chime in on. But it's gotten to the point where I can't even keep up with it. Yeah. And it's, yeah. Makes you feel a lot better as well.
Callum Hinze: I love it because they all seem to like hype each other up.
Kyle Musca: And I'm like, this is awesome. Yeah, exactly. Few things with that as well. So the community, I would have active posting for you and Liam throughout the week. So for example, I do myself, I do a Monday motivation one where I send in like a motivational message every Monday to kickstart the week. And then Pat will do like a Wednesday win one where we like, he will highlight one of his clients, give him a shout out. And then my other coach, Kyle, will give a Friday win one, essentially, where they will highlight another client and give him a shout out. But you might want to do like a Monday motivation. Liam does a Wednesday win. then Friday, can do like a Friday flex or something like that, where it encourages everyone to drop in their best, you know, rig pick for the week or something like that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, sick.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it doesn't sound like you've got too much of an issue with it, but I find that really helped get it up off the ground and get the guys used to conversating in there. The other thing I would do as well is when you do onboard clients and everything like that, get them used to like have it in your onboarding process for them to introduce themselves into the group chat. Just so it breaks the ice and they get like, they send that first message because the first message is the hardest one to send. Once they send that first message there, you know, feel confident to chime in again. Also really, really powerful when, you know, someone says like, hey, I'm new, I'm keen to drop 10 kilos in the next 12 weeks, whatever they say. And then all the other lads jump in and be like, oh, you've made such a great decision. You're like, you're in the right place. You're good hands, like all that stuff. Because it just sort of, you know, if you join a community and you introduce yourself, And all the other lads in the community say it's like the  best place to be. Like that's going to make you feel so much more confident going in.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, good point.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Cool, but that's exciting. Also, I think it's a good idea on Instagram as well because like if you see your guys sharing and tagging you, man, share that to the group chat and be like, you know, try and encourage that type of behavior more because if you can get all your guys or like a lot of your guys or even just a whole chunk of your guys constantly posting and tagging you like Pat does, for example, great place to just free affiliate marketing at that point.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, good point. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, bro. Cool. Now, with the ads, yeah, they do. So, I'll show you. I'll break the... I'm going to have to share my screen, but hopefully it's fine. Did you see the ads I sent through to you yesterday?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I filmed two of those just before actually, so I'll get those edited ASAP.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. How do they sort of feel wording-wise?
Callum Hinze: Great. I always, I try and reword them a little bit just so it's natural, but the structure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I'm kind of like leaving them open to be reworded a bit more, to be honest, because again, nothing's going to be coming from your authentic voice because you're going to speak to exactly who's going to resonate with it. Yeah. But with your ads, so what I'm going to do, the broad direct response has creeped up quite considerably over the last week or so. Like you see, we're sitting at like 105 lead, which has creeped up massively over the last couple of days. I'm going to come back down, hopefully. That graphic that has been doing really well for us, I actually had to turn off today just because, again, it was just way too high for the lead, the lead cost. Still bringing in a good amount of conversion that gets to a degree, but just too high lead cost. I'm going to give these two a little bit of leeway. Same thing with the video. We're kind of running out of these. I'm, like, trying to not turn them off too quickly. I'm hoping they'll come back down. Refresh that. There go. So, yeah, you can see this is, again, much higher than I'd want to see it at. This one's showing a little bit of signs, but that's not looking overly promising, to be honest. And then there's these graphics that we got up as well, designating more ad spend to them, but they just haven't had heaps to really show through. What I have done, though, to try and offset that is created this more of a fitness campaign. So it's going to target people that are more interested in, you know, fitness. And, like, they already look, like, interested in bodybuilding, gyms, all that type of , just because, again, our. Our guys usually have training experience before them anyway.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yep. Are they the video, the graphic ad, the graphic video things?
Kyle Musca: In this campaign, it's the same three as those other ones. So the old graphic campaign that did do well, the new graphic campaign for us to test, and then the videos that are active in the other one.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: We'll see how they go. Sweet. Again, it hasn't had much spend at all, so it's still a bit too early to tell.
Callum Hinze: Cool.
Kyle Musca: And then I'm also going to try another campaign where it's going to be more about date, like targeting people that are interested in, like, dating apps and  like that just to see the response. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, at least that way you don't have to deal with that.
Callum Hinze: need to ask my partner. Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: All right. so We'll just test because I think the creatives in there were good. I think it could just be well and truly that this campaign itself has exhausted itself, so I didn't want to just sort of throw them out. And I also thought while we're getting new creatives in there as well, we can test a few different audiences. And then I've turned off the lead magnet stuff because they were creeping really, really high for the actual lead side of things. I do want to see how you go with the magic hat with them because if you get quite a lot of leads booked in from that, you know, the lead campaign is worth it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, definitely keep me updated on that.
Callum Hinze: But any questions on any of that stuff? Nah, that's perfect. I hope we can see how works.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Cool, man. Otherwise, who are you getting to film for those ads? Is that can just Morgan to film you?
Callum Hinze: For me, I just chucked the tripod up. And then the last ones I did was the same, just tripod and medi to edit them up. I think they did pretty well in that, that way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think pretty decent. I guess what we could do, yeah, because if you could just keep pumping, did you just do some off the top of your head as well?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I just did a couple off that most recent script.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So what we could do here is who's, do you know any like other, you know, bodybuilder or just any other coaches that do do well?
Callum Hinze: Like Australian-based, you think?
Kyle Musca: It can be US, that's fine.
Callum Hinze: It does do well. I don't know, I don't really, to be honest, I don't really consume enough social media. Like I can think of plenty of brands that do well, but I'm thinking more guys that sort of run like apps and like passive stuff rather than coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: The guys I see do well that stand out is older. What's his name? Adam Sullivan and all that. But I know that they do well, but they're sort of a different sort of format of coaching, really, aren't they?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they're like, they're obviously just relying heavily on a massive audience and a cult following.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. But honestly, I don't really know if I follow a lot of accounts these days.
Kyle Musca: Just because it'd be good to have like a little bit of a, like just do some research on like what some other coaches are doing that are similar to yourself.
Callum Hinze: but I'm the same as you. I don't follow it super closely. Yeah, yeah. But yeah, all the ones that I can think of that are doing well are all just guys who run more apps or more just passive stuff rather than coaching. I mean, Anthony's probably not a bad one to look at. Yeah, I have seen some of his. His videos seem to be somewhat similar.
Kyle Musca: He very much  on other people. He  on Physique Factory.
Callum Hinze: Oh, yeah. Well, see, he's another one that's not really coaching Physique Factory. He's just, again, just marketing and then offsetting it all. I've had actually consults who said they've had experience with Physique Factory and haven't really been biggest fans, are they?
Kyle Musca: No, because he  rips the calories to, like, extreme levels. I was talking to some people about it. Apparently, he does, like, some kind of formula or something at the start to say, like, how quickly they need, like, how much  they need to do in order to lose the weight. And, like, obviously, it does produce crazy transformations if they're, like, one out of ten people can, like, stick to it.
Callum Hinze: But they probably stick to it for, like, a month, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, 26th of March, none of these are long enough for me to really rely on them, to be honest. All we could do is, and if he's turned the other ones off, it means they probably...
Callum Hinze: We weren't doing too well. I do like the Physique Factory guy's ads, though. The way he does them are very... Like, the videos are great.
Kyle Musca: We don't have... Yeah, 100%. That message there is a perfect example of why you are not... I'm not your babysitter. I'm not going to message you and say, hey, I hope you're sticking to the plan. But at the same time, if you need something, I'm always available. I actually had a client. Yeah, it's more than podcast-style stuff. It's not really a direct response ad.
Callum Hinze: I'm not a fan of that podcast stuff, because you can always see that it's not a real podcast, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I wonder if Taylor does any.
Callum Hinze: No, I don't think he does.
Kyle Musca: No, he probably wouldn't.
Callum Hinze: See, I know he does do well, but he doesn't really post a lot of, yeah, marketing content, does he? Or at least direct sort of stuff that I've seen.
Kyle Musca: Does Jarrah? I don't... To be honest, like, I love Jarrah and everything, but I just don't...
Callum Hinze: I don't know how Jarrah's ads do as well as he does. telling me he's putting a lot of money into them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he puts a  ton of money in them, but still.
Callum Hinze: It's hard to tell if there's a lot of money going into it. You don't know how good the quality is for the ad really to do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you need a return on them.
Callum Hinze: And you said the board twins don't do any direct ads today. It's all just lead magnet stuff.
Kyle Musca: They do the lead magnet stuff, but I just don't think it's just the board twins just outwork things, I think. I don't think they do things as streamlined as they could be, but they just relentlessly work at it. I mean, it's kind of a good thing that there's not heaps of these dudes running in  ads, otherwise we'd be out.
Callum Hinze: I think it's rare that I see bodybuilders running ads. It's more like fitness influencers. So I think it's good because it sort of makes my stuff stand out a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, 100%. Coach Josh Phillips. I wonder if he runs it. Yeah. It's hard. All right. I wonder if we can do, if I type in this though, we'll probably come up with  business coaching hands. To be fair, sometimes what I like to do is I just like to go to actually good marketers and pick apart what they say. So for example, I did something yesterday. I was like, who's a good marketer? So obviously, you know, Alex and Mosey comes to mind and then just do what we do with the content and just apply it to what we want to do. So for example, it was these ones. If you want a peptide therapy clinic that's doing over a million dollars a year and you want to scale, I have a gift for you. I mean, if you're a dude that's been in the gym for three to six months to a year, you hit a plateau. If you're a dude who's been in the gym for six months to a year and you've hit a plateau, I have a little gift for you. You know mean? If you're a dude that's been hitting the gym and you're looking to staff on an extra six to eight kilos of lean quality muscle, have a gift for you.
Callum Hinze: Is that like a lead magnet he's running on there?
Kyle Musca: No. I mean, to be honest, yeah, Alex always does lead names because he's got such a refined funnel. But you can just change it to obviously just go straight into direct response. Now, one thing that's interesting with this as well, and this is why I like looking in the back end of Ads Library, right? It's because you got this one. If you want a peptide therapy clinic that's doing over a million dollars a year and you want to scale, I have a gift for you. And if you want a roofing company that's over a million dollars a year and you want to scale, I have a free gift for you. And if you want a clothing or a pale brand that's doing over a million dollars a year and you want to scale, I have a gift for you.
Callum Hinze: It's funny he doesn't do just selfie videos too, Like there's nothing fancy about it.
Kyle Musca: No, but I think like he's got like style power. know, can get like there's people that can Get away with a lot more because of just who they are.
Callum Hinze: That's true.
Kyle Musca: He's also not doing, again, a direct ask. He's always doing a lead magnet of some kind. But again, even picking apart this, it's a very tangible offer. If you own an HVAC company, do it. So it's exactly who he wants to call out. A million dollars a year and you want to. The tangible thing you're doing in a million dollars a year, which is the qualified aspect of it. Scale. And you want to scale, which obviously everyone does. And so just breaking down that framework even. And then if we go back. Team wanted me to record ads and I hate recording ads. so that's them. Team wanted me to record ads. I have this $100 million scale roadmap for business owners. And I made it because I can't actually meet with every business owner on the planet who asks for what they need to do next. And so I made an entire map. And so it's always good to come in. Here's another one. Hey, my name is Russell Brunson, and today I want to make you a video about what I believe is the best online business for people who are beginners. The other issue with this is like kind of what you just brought up there is a lot of these guys aren't doing direct response because they've got more of an in-depth funnel built out. It's kind of hard to like draw that away, but I would, that's something I would definitely do for you as well is just keep an eye on, you know, good bodybuilding coach, like bodybuilding coaches and stuff like that who have a good business behind it. Because like John Jewett, I know does run ads.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, he's the only one that does it, eh?
Kyle Musca: 50% off, applied, I pursue your optimization. But he, again, he's selling a course. He's not really selling coaching. Olderhead pressing for years and still have narrow shoulders, maybe squat. This is the best training split to build an X-frame. To build an X-frame, you... And if we are doing this, I like to come down to his further ones down, because it usually means they are doing better, except for that. Oh, . So when did he turn this on? 25th of March, 25th of March. again, not... If I had to build an X-string from scratch, this is a split-by run. To build an X-string, you probably... I mean, I want a tonal... Tony, probably not the type of guy. Yeah, this one. If he runs out. So, I mean, it's a little bit hard. Sometimes you can even get, like, this guy is a bit of a flop in terms of everybody I've ever heard work with him say it's absolute , but... Will Nielsen? Will Nelson? I think it's Will Nelson. Yeah. You've probably seen this guy.
Callum Hinze: No, I don't think I have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Every guy I've ever seen work with this guy  says he's just a ...
Callum Hinze: What's he doing?
Kyle Musca: What's he selling? He says he don't need to run organic content. You just need to run ads. And then he has an ads course for like  20 grand for three months or something where it's just like the most basic information ever.
Callum Hinze: I do see Reece Livingstone stuff pop up a lot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: I don't know. He's coaching. He's selling his business stuff now, but that's everywhere on my Instagram.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So he's selling the workshop thing, which again is just a more refined funnel. But again, you've got to kind of look at what... I'd be surprised at how he's actually going. But you've got to kind of look at the audience and everything like that. Like when you're running a business offer, you can send them to more business-y destinations like VSL landing pages, you know,  workshops and everything like that. If you're going to do it for fitness, you know, no one's going to come to a  fitness workshop type thing. They might come to a masterclass or something like that. But the thing about, I wouldn't really trust Reece or any of these guys on ads because if you look at  this, let's go with George.
Callum Hinze: Is George with Reece, is he?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Did you know I was speaking with Pete, Peter, my mate that I've sent you his profile?
Kyle Musca: I sent him a message. We did speak a little bit, but I don't think he's gotten back to me.
Callum Hinze: Because he said he was with Reece and he said he wasn't overly happy.
Kyle Musca: No. To be honest, again, nothing against Reece, but everything I've heard is very generic. But like, and this is a good example. I'm looking for five girls. Those who are wanting to lose body fat and grow their glutes over the next 12 weeks. This is the thing that really kind of tipped me off with it as well, is if we go to...
Callum Hinze: It's the exact same, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: It's the exact same wording.
Callum Hinze: Oh, no way.
Kyle Musca: Just to... How do you spell the name? And then you go to K's thing for Lily's, and it's the same thing.
Callum Hinze: Is it again?
Kyle Musca: It's just... I remember, I found this out because I was on... Well, Brie was on her phone going through stories, and within 20 seconds of tapping through stories, Lily's popped up, George has popped up, and Jess has popped up, all with the exact same wording.
Callum Hinze: Oh, yeah. bad, hey.
Kyle Musca: Jessica DeBortoli, and there we go. Yeah, so she's turned off her ads because they probably weren't working well.
Callum Hinze: Now you say that, I think it's good because I don't know if... Any other Australian, like, bodybuilders that are doing ads or doing stuff the way that we're doing it, which is cool. I see them on, like, if I go, I only really see guys promoting just organic, more generic stuff. And then obviously, like, more, like, just influencers and everything. So it's sort like a good little hybrid.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I see them on Facebook a lot more because, like, so, yeah, literally, I've been scrolling on Facebook now. I've seen four, ads pop up of different fitness coaches. But that's why, like, I turn off Facebook placements because people aren't on Facebook. You know what mean? Yeah. Like, rarely.
Callum Hinze: It's all day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but then it's also the funnel. Like, whenever you see these guys on Facebook, they always send them to a lead page. And then you have to outreach them and everything. It's, like, very annoying to do. It's a   funnel to do. I've tried it. Whereas when you're on Instagram, it keeps it native. can send them straight to it. You can technically do that in Messenger as well.
Callum Hinze: Um, it just makes it more complicated.
Kyle Musca: So Alpha Physiques, here we go.
Callum Hinze: Oh, is he running at some Adzi?
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah. Physiques. Not very well, because it's how are successful women building their physiques, and I'm seeing it away, so maybe I should swing him a message. Alpha Physiques. This is the other thing as well, because sometimes they might not have, like, it sometimes might be their  Facebook page name, which can be different. You got, like, Rob.
Callum Hinze: Isn't, like, Rob Alpha Physiques or something?
Kyle Musca: I'm just saying Alpha Physiques. 129 followers. Who's this? Okay, nothing. It's hard, though, because I don't want to pull up just some random that I see on  Facebook, because there's nothing to say his ad's actually doing well. So we always talk. Well, yeah, I guess Zach. Zach is probably not terrible, but he's got a unique way about going.
Callum Hinze: He's funny, he?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but, like, he's lost heaps of followers on Instagram, if that's the case. He used to have, like, 700,000. But, again, coming down.
Callum Hinze: I do see his ads a lot now, actually, as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because he's targeting fitness coaches.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Online coaches suck at marketing. They use the same, I'm looking for five people that want to get in shape, and then they don't know what else to say. So that's why I built the CTA Playbook. 30 original CTAs out of my brain, not Chachabiti, right? This stuff works, it's marketing that works, and it's entirely free. I should be charging you for this, but if you've seen... Yeah, again, the issue with these business people is they always send you a  lead magnet page, which I'm not a fan of. Fitness coaching, you can just do direct response. But keep an eye out for it. you know, again, like, that's putting us into a mind of a producer. But keep an eye out, like, if you do see someone that does do really well in terms of fitness coaching, and they, you know, have a good business, just send them through. I wouldn't mind checking them out either, just so we can start sourcing ideas from them.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Any other questions on any of that?
Callum Hinze: Nah, that's all pretty straightforward. I never wanted to start trying it. Research some more and consume more ideas, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it wouldn't be bad. And then, again, what I would get into the habit of doing as well is just getting like a weekly sort of schedule where you sit down and just make some ad content. You obviously, we'll keep it up with the scripts and everything like that to get our base level volume. But like the more volume we have, the better. You know what mean? Yeah. Perfect. Cool, Brett. Any other questions?
Callum Hinze: Anything else you want to cover at all? Can you, before I do this, this lucky outfit, can you refresh my memory how to actually gather the correct qualified leads off ManyChat again?
Kyle Musca: Because I always get lost in it. Yeah, definitely. So one thing I would make sure to do, and this is what I've got my setters to actually do, is download a CSV file of anyone that has signed up to coaching.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? And then what I would do there is... Is go through the conversation. So the best way to do that, to filter certain conversations, is to find the email before the at. So if you, because if you do like at outlook.com, then everybody's will come up. Oh, , I spilled something up, right? But if I just did, you know, let's get back down to here, just that part, then only here comes up. Does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So you just do their email before the at to filter them. Yeah. And then what you do from there is you'd add tag, you know, client signed or something like that. So that's really important because, again, we don't want to message someone who already signed up and say like, hey, you just won $500 and some more conversation to have.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Second of all, what you want to do there is just come into this, filter them, and it depends on what you want to filter them by. So as you saw, you might not have seen there, but one thing I'm getting all my setters to do now is when they offer a call, they add a tag called prompted. When they book a call, they add the tag called booked, because that will help us filter for specifically something like the Magic Hat. But realistically, what you could do is just do tag, lead mag, or lead mag qualified in your case, or qualified, qualified leads. And then if you wanted to do everyone since, you know, after, you know,  January 1st, if you haven't done one all year, that will give you app, like everyone that's finished the flow, obviously since the start of the year. If you wanted to Do it, you know, anyone before this last month, for example, you just do before, you know, before, whenever, March, if you wanted to, right? Apply. So for you, your tags will be this one, working full-time or qualified leads, either or. And then also because of the lead magnet one, it will be lead mag qualified. Those are the two tags that are filled by.
Callum Hinze: Righto.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yep. Yep. I'll figure that out.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I'll get that all up and running because that'll be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that should, that should, um, you haven't done one for like three months or. Whatever it is, that should definitely generate some interest.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I did one over the month of January, so I'll just do February and March just together, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then what I would also do as well, tell your sellers to do, is when they do message them for the magic hat, just obviously get them to tag magic hat done or something like that. So it's like next time you got to do it, you can just easily exclude them from the filtering and obviously not message them again.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, okay, sweet.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, bro. So, beautiful. I'm keen to see how that goes. I'm keen to see how these new campaigns go. Yeah, we'll just keep chipping away as usual.
Callum Hinze: Sweet. I should ideally have those new video ads done hopefully early next week, latest, and I'll have those going through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. Awesome, bro. Awesome. All right. Well, yeah, keep up the great work and let's keep pushing it.
Callum Hinze: Done deal. Thanks again for that. Thanks for waiting for me with the late start.
Kyle Musca: You're a good man. All right. I'll chat to you soon, man. All right. You have a good one, eh? Thanks again. You too. See you, bro. Bye.


>>> 146/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-02T04:05:49Z | id:134832671
People: Kyle Musca

Ben: This meeting is being recorded. There we go. on mute. What's going on, guys? What's happening? I was like,  it, hell, what's going on?
Kyle Musca: No, no, you're good. I, uh, I, usually I have my camera on because I'm usually, like, doing work, so I was probably just sitting here looking like a  weird head.
Ben: But that's cool, man. Um, I don't know what's going on my laptop. I'm on my phone. I don't usually do this, but I can't, for some reason, pass a link over to my  laptop, so I'm just rolling with the phone today. Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: do you have, do you have WhatsApp on your laptop?
Ben: Well, I don't actually have it on my laptop. I run it all my time, but what I can do, oh, have a go, Shida. Thank you, Steve.
Ben Moore: My , there we go.
Kyle Musca: There we go, beautiful.
Ben Moore: I'm on my computer now, so I just pass it over, it just worked, Ben.
Kyle Musca: Wouldn't believe it.
Ben Moore: There we go.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Cool, man. All right, how's things been?
Ben Moore: Do you have any questions or anything after our chat the other day? No, not really, mate. I'm pretty keen to get stuck in , stuck in some  rolling.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful, man, beautiful. So basically, So like on this first call, I like to sort of pick apart your offer, break it down, and then sort of formulate a bit of a new one, and then show you how to actually like sell it and everything like that, because it means you can basically jump off the call and then get straight into it.
Ben Moore: What's the go with the other marketing company you're currently using? Are going to keep running ads in the meantime? I was actually going to talk to you and say what you think. I wouldn't mind just putting them on pause for now, because again, they're not really generating us any calls. Or anything by that means, he's just kind of there in the background. I'm sitting down on a call, hopefully, early next week with him. kind of didn't get back to me yesterday, Arvo. I'm assuming he had, like, got the , probably. But I just messaged him, and he's like, yeah, can you do it tomorrow at 12.30, so I can run you through it all? And I'm just going to just say, well, I can't tomorrow. I'm away. But I'd say, no, probably not tomorrow. But next week, just want to finish up before the next pay cycle, is pretty much what I'll say, and should be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, if... Yeah, If it's not generating new calls or anything, I would probably, one, just save the ad spend and also just not exhaust. I mean, you wouldn't exhaust the audience, but, you know, sort of waste leads that we could potentially get once we get it, right? Yeah. Cool, man. Is there anything else you want to specifically cover in this call?
Ben Moore: Mate, pretty much just, yeah, just some feedback on those things you just said would be awesome. Like, it doesn't hurt to have some stuff like that fall apart, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful.
Ben Moore: So, your current offers five grand for six months, Yeah, so we've got, we've kind of, we do run it like a tier style. We offer, like I said, we offer the main one, which is the 5K. I'll send, I actually do get those requests. I'll, just then I'll give you the access. Cool, I'll share these. So, yeah, we kind of run, started running like a tier offer. We don't talk about it too much because we just try to get everyone in that 5K package. But, yeah, we run kind of a similar style to you in regards to what we're doing. And that's kind of probably – oh, it's been there on and off. It's just more so like the clientele we want to get on, we want them obviously paying that  top-tier dollar. But, yeah, we do run like a payment structure, if that makes sense, like three different tiers.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. What are the other tiers you've got?
Ben Moore: We've got like a – pretty much just like a basic training plan and macro targets. So it's like really  basic level and they can message me and they get a check-in form, video review. The second one is – like a step up, which we kind of run is a 3K offer over that timeframe as well. And it's just a little bit more hands-on. Essentially, it's just like they'll get a check-in, they'll get their training nutrition, they'll get a meal framework as well. So just like – Different days on a plate or a day on a plate, kind of a couple of different options and then access the recipe library. And then our top level tier one, which is the one we offer everyone, it's like very hands-on, really quite like in-depth, macro, micros, food adjustments, like massive accountability stuff, like the list goes on. I can share the offer kind of structure we have that we kind of run clients through, but yeah, that's how we're all.
Kyle Musca: Okay, beautiful. So it means we're not going to have to change too much and you should already have the confidence to sort of do this sort of structure, like what we're going to talk about. Realistically, at the end of the day as well, you're always the captain of your own ship, right? I'm just here to sort of give you the feedback and everything. So it's like if you want to change specifics about it, by all means. In terms of what's included in the actual offer, I usually leave that up to you because, again, it completely comes down to your service. I will say that once we get the lead flow up and then potentially get a coach under you to take off that sort of fulfillment side of things, one makes your life a lot easier, but then you can sort of... Amp up the service as well, start, you know, potentially giving meal plans out and all that stuff for the lower tier packages as well, just because it's not you that has to do it. So, cool, man. So this is sort of the payment structure I've got. Now, this sort of breaks it down. So I've got my top level package, which is the one you're currently selling, three grand for three months, five grand for six months, which is fantastic. I find, like, realistically, that is to try and capture, like, you know, the 20% of the leads that are willing to spend, you know, five times more than the other 80%, right? You said your close rate's around 30% to 40% at the moment?
Ben Moore: Higher. It's like 40% to 60%. Yeah, it's  higher.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, okay, beautiful. So on that, like, you're crushing it. By all means, go for it. Like, throw that out there. We want to just capture people that, you know, can't obviously afford that and then bring them down onto something else. Again, this is just to, one, get more cash into the business, get more paying clients in the business, but also that. That will allow us to, you know, step into hiring a coach under you, taking that fulfillment side of things. Is that where you want to go before I start  rambling?
Ben Moore: Yeah, it is. Ultimately, like, just so you've got a clear-cut plan, it's like, I would like, I don't want to have a huge team, but like, having like one or two coaches under me doing fulfillment allows us to have, you know, 100, 120 clients, which is kind of what I want to be doing at any one time, if that makes sense. Like, obviously, you know, covering churn and stuff like that, keep those boys happy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, I completely agree. I'm the same. Like, I don't like too many moving parts in the business, to be honest. It just creates more headache. And you always kind of have to constantly push if you bring in on more coaches and more clients and everything like that. What I usually recommend to people is like, the first step is, yeah, get one coach underneath, fill them up completely, because that will buy back your time completely. Like, you'll get your profit really nicely, but your workload will be pretty, you know, you will live a pretty crazy life at that point. You can either pull back and chill, or you can just sort of... Focus on, you know, building the business and refining it more than actually working in it. So realistically, I reckon we just aim for that. And then it's like, we can pivot, we can keep pushing if you want to, we can chill there, complete up to you.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah. Now, how do you do it? Is it like they have to pay in full? Do you break it down into payment price?
Ben Moore: Like, how do you look at actually doing it? So when we do it, our biggest thing is, so they're on like a lower tier one because it's cheaper.
Kyle Musca: It's pretty hands off on our thing.
Ben Moore: We'll just say like a minimum because if we do it weekly, we just won't make covers on expenses, those kind of things. But we just say monthly, split, or in full. Same with our like middle offer. It's just monthly, split, and in full. And then for our top offer, we'll offer as low as bi-weekly because it's about $400 bi-weekly. But it's like, we always get that $400, which will cover ad costs and kind of have us rolling through that way. So it's always kind of positive gearing. that, like, they just, sometimes they're just adamant. Like, most of the time we'll get a fortnightly on, they'll end up either paying  half. Or they'll end up just moved to monthly and just say, it's easy for me to go monthly. So we kind of wrap it that way with that one.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. So Australians typically do break things down a lot more. It's a lot more common in the US to sort of just like offer things as paid in full. With your following percentage as well, where's your like main demographics based?
Ben Moore: Main demographics are US, UK, Australia, and Canada.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So yeah, they're pretty strong.
Ben Moore: Yeah, I'm going get down there somewhere too.
Kyle Musca: Hey.
Ben Moore: I said I do have India. They're like 5% of my quality.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't even know why they love it. Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. Beautiful. So cool. That's definitely handy to know. We might even tap into the US ads. It's a little bit of a different market, but it's a bigger pool. And they do, you know, they're meant to have a bit better of buying culture than Australians. Australia is the  stingy. So cool. How I offer this, and this will tie into the script. And the whole bio-psychology, which we'll get into as well, man. But how I offer it is just like as a paid in full initially. Now, I don't like paid in fulls as much. Like if someone's going to pay me five grand or something, like, sure, I'll take it, get the lifetime value in the cash injection. But realistically, I'm doing that so I can work, you know, when people do naturally object, which they usually always do to some degree, I'm using it so you can work them into finding a solution that's better and more reasonable for them, which leads to exactly what these are. So instead of going like, we'll talk about six months because that's what I like selling more anyway.
Ben Moore: So it's like, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: It's 5k for six months. And then I go, it's too expensive. Your objection hand a little bit. Get to the point where it's like, okay, cool. Instead of 5k today, could just do 3k today, get the cash injection into the business. And then the way these are set up, these three different breakdowns is it's based off 400 a month, 500 a month, and 600 a month. Now, the reason I do that is because I found that any... Anything above the $600 or $150 a week, essentially, it just becomes way too high. The cancel rate becomes really high.
Ben Moore: Failed payments become really high. And it just causes a lot more headaches than, you know, what it's worth.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is the longevity of the client. Now, we're talking about bigger numbers here. So, you know, they are bigger numbers, obviously. Makes even more sense when we get down here. But if someone's going to pay, you know, $2,500, the odds of them pulling out for $500 a month is very low.
Ben Moore: Because they're going to feel like they've just wasted all their money if they do that.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So, it gets a lot better commitment in terms of the clients. Now, again, bear with me here because it's like we – this is all – and this all comes down to biopsychology and, again, working towards a solution. So, what can happen in objection handling is it can get very argumentative. You know what mean? You get – like, not you, but, like, coaches will get defensive and, you know, start saying how great their program is and how it's going to be the best thing for them. And then it just – comes back and forth argumentative and the person becomes like, you know, subconsciously offended and you lose the argument because at the end of the day, they have to pull out their credit card and pay you. So it's like, what we do is we objection handle by sitting on the same side of the table, coming up with a solution that's going to better work for them. And then they're going to feel appreciative of you for helping them out, essentially. Yeah. That makes sense.
Ben Moore: 100%. Yeah. And that's kind of like, yeah, you're right. Because 90% of like, even when I first started taking sales calls, that's what you'd resort to is like, how good this is.
Kyle Musca: Like, you missed an opportunity where it's like, yeah, just changing that in myself.
Ben Moore: It's just like, that's already brought up my closing 20% literally overnight, just like understanding that like, they are giving you their money. It's like, if roles are reversed, you got to think about it. So that was a big game changer.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A really good book to read on that as well, if you're into that kind of stuff is Never Split the Difference. Talks about the, have you read it before?
Ben Moore: Yeah, I've heard the book.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It talks about the idea of, yeah, working towards a solution and how to sort of like pivot them. What I'll also do as well, once we get the things up and running more, I'll get you on with my sales trainer as well. And he's really good at the script I'll show you in like just the whole sales process. He's, you know, obviously done this for a long time for me and at a really high close rate. Cool. So, yeah, I always typically offer the top one first and then like, oh, it's too expensive. You go back into objection handling first before you, you know, drop the rate. Then you offer the second one, which saves on $500 to get started, right? So, again, this will come to the sales. I don't want to get off to side tangents, but you never really just go from, cool, we could do $5,000 or a payment plan. You don't say that at the same time because it's like we could do, you know, $5,000 for six months. They objection handle. Then you come into the payment plan, which is solution number one. They objection, you objection handle. Then you come into the second one. So, you're constantly working towards a solution. And if you do this right, you can just keep going through it until they basically have to  say yes because you've gone from all the way up here, these two, oh, , down to. So, you know, let's go, okay, well, let's just go on to the gold package. Then you can call it whatever you want, this one, this one, and then, okay, well, let's just go on this one. So you can go through like  six, seven, eight objection cycles for them to like, you know, knock it off the phone without saying yes, essentially.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. Good.
Kyle Musca: Now, that would bring us, so again, you can call them whatever you want. call them my emerald, gold, and silver package. Yeah. This is the main package I usually tend to sell. Yeah. So this one I do for six months for $3,500, right? It's a really good price point. So, you know, proper margins are definitely there, especially if you get them on the six months. Do you only sell six months or do you do three months as well?
Ben Moore: We only do. It depends. Like if they're like, we try only sell six months, reason being, I just like the, like I'm massive on like talking to them about like, you know, I'm not here to get your result. Like this is a lifelong, you know, change. And then. really good go, you. I kind of just like, there's some clients that will get to the four-month mark, we've gotten the result, they've kind of  nailing everything, and they just say, hey, like, I'm pretty ready to go out of my own, and we just run them through, like, we have a cancellation fee where they just pay the next month, and then they're done, they can just exit out. So we don't advertise it, but we also do say, like, there is a cancellation clause if you need, like, after they're kind of going through as we kind of get to the end of their program. Like, some people finish up with a four-month mark, but most of them do just go through six months, because, like, we're kind of running through three phases in the system, where it's, like, results, then learning how to maintain it, and then, you know, last two weeks is prepping yourself to go.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, so on that, we'll come back to this in a different session, because that will be a bit of a side-changer. The biggest thing there with retention is, like, we're in an information service, so if they feel like they have all the information and they have the result, then they're not going to feel the need for you anymore. So we essentially need to, like, create the gap, and the way we do that, I've got a form and everything that we'll, again, we'll get into as time goes on. But you basically map out 12 months in advance for them. So it's like, what happens next? You know, it's not that we're just cutting the weight.
Ben Moore: need a reverse diet after that. It's going to take, you know, three months time at least.
Kyle Musca: We need to maybe do a gain, you know what mean? Like, so you're always planting the seed of what's next so they know that there's something else to come.
Ben Moore: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So we'll move, like, yeah. So this is the six-month 3,500. Now, this is where this works really, really well. I really like this one. And on what I just said, yeah, I would sell six months unless you absolutely have to. You know, someone leasing to lose four or five kilos, and it's like they probably only need three months.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's when I'll change it for them. And I just say, we'll do a three-month pay cycle.
Kyle Musca: You're good. Yeah. So realistically, though, six months is you get your profit margins up. You don't have to try and resell and all that stuff. It's just better. So here, 3,500 for six months. They say no. Cool. Well, instead of, you know, 3,500, we can just do 1,500. So you actually end up saving $2,000. Now, you'll notice that I say there's, like, $2,000. Certain words that I'll say, they're not actually saving $3,000, but it just sounds nice on the ears. You know what mean? Like it's saving $2,000. Now, what works great about these as well is with price anchoring.
Ben Moore: Do you know what price anchoring is? No. Well, I've heard the term, but yeah, no, not like, no, I can't think of off the top of my head to answer your question.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So price anchoring is just like contrast in how numbers are perceived, right? So if I were to say, and I do have a price anchor package, which I'll get into the script, but even just based off this, if I was like, cool, so for six months, it's going to be $5,000, you know, like, oh, , that's way too expensive. Rejection hand a little bit. Okay. Well, look, instead of that, you know, how about we do, we move on to my gold package. It's still very comprehensive. Instead of $5,000, it brings it right down to $3,500. Right. So now because I've dropped $5,000, they're anchored at that. So when I bring in $3,500, seems like a lot more reasonable in their brain. Whereas if I just said $3,500, that'd have the same reaction.
Ben Moore: Oh, , that's too expensive. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly how I do it. Yeah. Yeah. I do that naturally with, like, saying, yeah, 5K. Even though I know they're not going to get the elite coaching, like, I just know from the start of the conversation, you can get a good read, like, they're not even looking for that level of support. So I just go, this is what we've got, this is what you're getting. And they go, oh, I'm not really looking for this. Like, actually, we do offer, you get all the same stuff, essentially, but it's for $3,000, it's a core offer.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. And just be cautious of that as well, because it can work the opposite way. So it's like, if you, like, for, you know, you don't do this, which is good. But, for example, if, for some reason, someone did do, you I have this offer, it's $2,500. But, to be honest, I think you're going to suit this one better. It's $3,500. They're anchored low, so they can go,  that, it's way too expensive.
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So, like, it can work if you're trying to make, like, make something seem more negative, then, like, seem more negative, you can use it.
Ben Moore: It's very rare that you'll do that, but just, like, keep in mind.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, yeah, $3,500. Can't do that. Okay, cool. We can do $1,500. And then we don't, we won't officially start. Start until, you know, Monday. So it means the first repayment wouldn't be for like five weeks from now. So ages away. And that would just be 400 a month. So it makes it super easy on cash flow.
Ben Moore: Would that be a little bit more reasonable for you to get started?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. You know, sounds better. You know, it sounds way better than 500. Again, this will come into the objection handling. I've got a script for that as well. But let's say they, you know, you know, I'd have to run my numbers and everything like that. We do a fear-based, logistics-based objection handle, which basically like, okay, no, I completely understand, just so I'm on the same page. Is it a matter of like, you do actually have the physical funds available? You just need to make sure it fits within bills and everything like that? Or is it a matter of like, you just need to actually find, you know, the funds to be able to invest into this? So we establish whether or not they have the money. If they say they have the money, perfect. Cool. Okay. Well, in that case, what we can do is, yeah, we can just do, instead of 1,500, we could just do a case. will save $500. Again, we wouldn't start till Monday. So five weeks from now, and then it'll just be 500 a month. So still super easy on cash flow. With that. That'd easy to get started.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So again, we'll come back to this. Beautiful. Cool. And then the downsell, you can follow these payment structures if you want. But to be honest, the downsell is when I just get into pure weekly reoccurring revenue. I mean, this is like when you've exhausted every other avenue. I'll also show you the scarcity that I throw in here in the script. But for example, I'll say there's one spot left for this one. There's two spots left for this one. There's not technically a spot open for this one. But if it is just funds, purely funds that are preventing you from getting started, then I think you have someone finishing mid to end of next week. So I could slot you in there to take that spot. And instead of $3,500, I'll bring it right down to $2,500. you'll save $1,000 on that. And it makes it super easy because, you know, that way we could just go on to a weekly payment plan of just $100 a week.
Ben Moore: There's no upfront cost or anything like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then they're like, oh, I need to think about it. Oh, look, that's absolutely fine. Just full track. Transparency. Again, there's not technically a spot open for this. What usually tends to happen is I get on these calls and a situation like this comes up where there is a spot opening up and someone just jumps on it. So by all means, go have a, you know, a think about it, chat to your partner. Unfortunately, I do have, you know, four other calls this afternoon. So I really doubt that spot's going to be available.
Ben Moore: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, by that time, usually I just go, oh,  it, let's just do it then.
Ben Moore: Yeah, it's  funny. It's like you could pitch someone 50 bucks and they'll still  have an objection.
Kyle Musca: It's  hilarious. There are certain buy types that just are never going to buy.
Ben Moore: No. Or if you do close them, they  text you the next day and want to cancel. They're so funny.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's the onboarding experience. That's buyer's remorse, which we'll look at cutting down as well. Yeah. So I'll send you this just to sort of have a look at it.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's good because we've got a pretty much similar, almost similar pay structure. It's just ours are like pretty much... That's $500 less. So it's like ours is $5K, $3K, $1.5K.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And with that, you know, so many of the small things that go into sales. With that, I would get into the use of, I would get used to saying the smallest sort of number possible for what you're actually trying to sell. So for example, if I'm trying to price anchor at $5,000, I'll say $5,000. If I'm trying to sell this one, I would just be like $5K.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas, you know, if I'm trying to, again, price anchor, I'll say $3,500. But if I'm trying to actually sell, I'll say $3,500 because $100 is less than $1,000 or $1 Yeah. I mean, it just sounds better on the ears.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that brings us into the actual sales script here. And my sales trainer, Tommy, he'll have a slightly different one, but they're pretty similar. So do you follow any kind of script or anything like that on your calls now?
Ben Moore: Honestly, I used to. I just went off script. Like, I know the script off the back of my hand. So it's like, I know. Bye. So I try to spend a lot of time in discovery because I found the more time I can spend in discovery on pain points or, you know, like some people don't even have pain points. So it's just like they just genuinely want to make change. So it's like I just try to like really spend a lot of time in discovery figuring out what they want. And then all I do from there is I get a good idea and then I kind of – my big thing is going from that kind of pain slash excitement and then selling in the next six months. So I'm really big on like talking about like, you know, selling the location, not, you know, the ticket if that makes sense or vice versa, whatever the saying is. So big on just like selling them the outcome. And then once I get the outcome, I just regurgitate the outcome back to them, pitch them what I – like pitch them the program. And then, yeah, nine times out of ten, it  – it's working really well. I just feel like it's not so like looking at  questions and trying to ask them weird questions. It's just like I just let the call or the conversation flow a little bit more and I know the kind of frameworks I need to stick with you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, so that's – Exactly how the sale should be made is because fitness is a very emotional sale. Ideally, we want to extract the pain because the pain is a bigger driver than like a dream outcome. But you're right. Like sometimes people won't have a big pain and they do like they just want to do it for a dream outcome. So we just sell the dream outcome. So which is good because you already understand all that, which is fantastic. So I would, this script works really, really, really well for getting them really emotional and really sort of digging deeper than what just the surface level things are. Because like if you do this right, like I've had middle-aged men like crying on the phone to me about, you know, their problems and everything like that. So it's really good at getting them emotional. Now, I'm usually not a fan of scripts or anything like that. What I, I use this as like a framework to move them through the conversation to get them to where I want to be. And it, yeah, just, it works really, really well. So I would definitely recommend playing around with it.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the top, top stuff is just. Base-level conversation, getting him into the call, getting him comfortable chatting to you and everything like that, know, body weight, you know, how long has it been since he's been there? Would he be struggling with, got all that ? A lot of these questions are obstacle overcomes as well. So it's like once we drop price and they object as an objection handle, but if we can cover that before we drop price, for example, you know, why you might be looking at getting outside help instead of just doing it yourself, we're covering the DIY objection. You what mean? You don't want get to the end of the call and they're like, oh, actually, I feel pretty good to do this by myself now. Yeah. If we ask this and they say, well, I've tried, you know, three times before I've failed every single time, when they try and say that, we can just bring that up. You what I mean? It covers it before it becomes a problem.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it also brings in like this. Yeah, we'll go through this. So with the script as well, when I do it, I'll usually say it fast as we get through it, but like that's not how I would say it at all. So when it comes to persuasive language, it's... It's 7% what you say, 38% how you say it, so like tonality and everything like that, and then 55%, you know, body language and facial expression, right? So we're doing an emotional sale, so those are really important numbers to sort of remember, because it's a huge difference if I was like, okay, and maybe help me to understand why you might be looking at getting outside help with this instead of, you know, just figuring out yourself. That's completely different to me to be like, okay, and I guess, yeah, well, I guess maybe help me to understand, you know, why you might even be looking at getting outside help with this instead of maybe just trying to figure it out for yourself.
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Yeah, how, yeah, it seems like you probably know these things as well, but how you say it will completely change how they register it in their brain and completely change how the response that they give you in return.
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, beautiful. So, besides, you know, what they said, so like they'd say they struggle. Consistency. Let's say we to sit down, you know, you, myself, the coaches, really map it out step by step in terms of, like, the amount of time you have available, level of support and accountability you need, or the resources you'd me to provide. What do you feel like you'd need from us to be successful?
Ben Moore: Get a selling yet, then, at that point?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, a lot of this is just getting them to bring to, like, if you do this really well, like, you'll find that people will bring up things that they haven't actually thought about before. Like, there's a lot of underlying subconscious issues that people do deal with, but they kind of shove them down because they don't want to think about them. This is really good at sort of, like, it's like layering. You just keep digging deeper into layers and bringing up these things and these emotions that they probably haven't directly felt before because they haven't actually given it the time of thought. You know, why now, though? So, again, this is preventing you from getting to the end of the call, and they're like, oh, I need to think about it. And you're like, okay, I completely understand that.
Ben Moore: But you did say, you know, you struggle with accountability. Didn't you know that you've pushed this off before? Do you feel like that's what's happening now?
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Now, a lot of this above here, it's definitely useful, don't get me wrong, but to me, this is where, you know, the script really starts to turn and we really start to get into those deeper levels. You know, besides the obvious of just trying to get healthier and trying to get fitter, what are the reasons behind you wanting to lose this weight? Yeah, this is where I start talking about confidence, you know, insecurities, being able to go out and, you know, like on dates and  again, you know, all that stuff, being able to keep up with their kids, or all the actual stuff that's worth it. Because as you said before, you know, it's all good and well losing 10 kilos, but it's like people aren't really going to see 10 kilos and associate that with, you know, giving away $5,000. But if you, if you can associate, you know, living a happier, healthier life, being a role model to your kids, keeping up with your kids and actually creating lifelong memories with them and being able to go to the beach and take your shirt off and being able to enjoy Enjoy that experience to the fullest, which you haven't been able to do for your entire adult life. Then it's like, all of a sudden, 5K doesn't seem like that bad of a trade.
Ben Moore: No. Yeah. And even too, like now you said that too, it's also like a thing of like how many people you talk to, literally, I think you just mentioned it, it's like, won't even go out and ask girls out or go on dates because they're just like so, it's  insane. Like I've never obviously hung around people like that. So it's like when you jump on those calls and they say  like that, you're like, right, what the  you been doing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, the thing with these as well, and this is really important thing to remember is these people are getting on the call because they struggle with accountability and they struggle with making decisions they know they should make, but they just don't. So it's very like, very important not to feed into their , especially in the objection handling side of things. It's also really important to not try and coach during this. It's like the general, like sales, you know, rules 101 is 80-20 rule. Like you should be talking. 20% of the time. They should be talking 80% of the time. Because if you're talking 20% of the time, it means you're the one asking questions.
Ben Moore: And whoever's asking questions is in control of the conversation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, yeah, beautiful. Yeah. So, okay, just bringing back to the current situation, is carrying the extra weight, is that having an impact on you? In what way? How often are sort of thinking about your weight? So now we're really staring up those emotions. I mean, if they're thinking about every single day, their confidence is , they're super insecure, they're super low energy, and they just feel like absolute  every time they look in the mirror. It's like, okay, we're pulling out some pretty big emotions now. How long has it been going on for? I've been struggling with this for like two years. You know what I mean? Feeling like that, dealing with that problem for two years, has that been having an effect on you? You know what mean? Now, with these questions, I like to think of this as like a jab right hook. So this is the jab, right? Supposing, you know, six months from now, I'm able to give you that sort of that structure. Accountability and that guidance so actually see it through, just like I have with hundreds of other men I've worked with. How would your life actually be different than it is right now? Okay, cool. Now, everything that they've said above here, I like to think of it as just collecting pieces of ammunition for, one, these parts, but also the objection handle. So with this question, this is the right hook. I really want to paint the picture for them so they don't have to think about anything, right? They will immediately create an image in their head based off what I say. So it's like, okay, so if you were to imagine yourself, you know, six months from now, you've lost 20-odd kilos and, you know, you're more confident than you've ever been before. You know, you've got a six-pack. You're not just feeling confident to take your shirt off the beach. You want to go to the beach. You want to take your shirt off. And, you know, for the first time in your entire adult life, you know, you're not insecure about what other people might be thinking of you and if they're judging you or not. And you're actually starting to notice girls give you like a little bit of a side eye, a little bit of a smirk. You know what mean? You've never experienced that before. what mean? know. I know. You know, you're able to keep up with your kids. You're actually able to outdo your kids. And, you know, you know that you're being a positive role model for your kids and that they're going to follow in your footsteps and lead a happier, healthier lifestyle. Right? When you picture yourself in that sort of situation, having become the best version of yourself that you want to be, I guess, how does that make you feel?
Ben Moore: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, and you should, if you do this right, you should see their face light up and they start to smile and go, oh, that'd be  awesome. Like, that's exactly what I want. I mean, and then we kind of just like rip it away from them. It's like, okay, well, I've got to ask. Like my concern is, you what happens if you never go out there and fully commit and you never go and get the right help so you can learn the right skills that you need. And as time goes on, you just keep gaining weight. You know, as your kids grow up, they just keep outpacing you. keep getting further and further out of breath and you have to keep sitting on the sidelines. Watching them do these things that you want to do with them, but you just know that you can't, you know, they want to go to the beach, but you don't want to do that because you're just so insecure about, you know, taking a shot off. want to get back into the dating scene, but you just don't have the confidence to go ask the girls that you actually want to see out because you know they'll say no to you. And as time goes on, things just keep getting even worse. Because what would that be like for you? You know what mean?
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Sometimes I can change it, possibly. Cool. Then we get into the pitch, which is basically talking about the program. You'll notice with this, I don't really talk about, like, you know, custom training and  nutrition plans and all that . It's not what we're selling. You know what mean? mean, that's, again, as you mentioned before, that's the ticket that people are buying the destination. know, people are buying  sipping in a margarita in Hawaii on the beach, living their best life. They're not buying the , you know, 30-hour trip with the two 10-hour layovers and, you know, the screaming baby.
Ben Moore: You know what I mean? Yeah, that's exactly right.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, cool. I won't really go through this. This is pretty much just kind of reading off the script. It's not, you know, anything too crazy besides just proofreading it. And then, yeah. Cool. Do you feel like this could be the answer for you? No? Yeah, but we've got a good time. So that moves us on to the close. Now, this is word for word how I do do my closes.
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Right? And like going through each one of the package options. So I'm happy with everything you've spoken about today. I'm more than confident we can get where we want to be. I guess the only other question I have is when we're hoping to get the ball rolling. Now, the reason I ask this is because if you drop the price and they get off the phone without buying, 99% of the time, like they're not coming back.
Ben Moore: No, they don't.
Kyle Musca: They never do. Yeah. It doesn't matter how excited they are. It doesn't matter how much they say they know they need it. They're just going to talk themselves out. It's just natural human psychology. Yeah. So I ask this so it covers any of those. One covers the thing of like, oh, I've got a barley trip next week. You know what I mean? It just covers that. Cool. No worries. That actually works out well. I can go away and put together a package and then we can jump on rehash things and possibly get started from there. Sound good? And then I won't tell them the price. The other option it takes away from the table is just them whying about it. Like you could drop the price, everything's all good, and then they just weasel way out of it.
Ben Moore: Oh, yeah, no, that's great, but I've got a holiday next week, which they might not even have. Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so it just, they're smoke screen objections. I mean, smoke screen objections are hard to overcome because they're not actually real. I mean, you can't actually, again, so that just covers that. I never have a problem by asking that in terms of them coming back and lying to me about some .
Ben Moore: Yeah, so common, man. It's , it's so funny. The amount of people, yeah, they just say dumbass . You're like, oh, , why didn't you mention that earlier? Well, it's not actually true.
Kyle Musca: Why say that? Again, these people  struggle with accountability and lying to themselves, so they're not going to have a problem lying to someone else.
Ben Moore: You know mean? No, that's very true, mate.
Kyle Musca: Okay, sweet. You know, we have all team, a full team involved in this, so I'll turn around to times. Usually, we can get the first block within 24 to 48 hours, plenty of time prep over the weekend, yada, yada, yada. I guess the only other thing to do now is just go through the different packages to see what suits best. Now, you'll notice from here, I get very casual with my tonality. You know, if you're getting into the, I feel like you'll be fine with this, but just to bring it on top of mind, if they sense any, like, I guess, like, if you're unconfident saying the price or you're a little bit, you know, weasley, like, not weasley, but, like, a little bit, again, just not confident saying it, and they can sense that, that will instill that same unconfidence in them. You know what I mean? So that unconfident people won't buy. All right? With the packages as well, before I get into this, we don't offer all three. It sounds like you already did this as well, which is fantastic. We don't offer all three at once because that just will cause confusion. And, again, confused buyers don't buy. All right? They'll feel overwhelmed, and then you'll just get, I need to think about it. All right? So we just do one by one. So we've got a couple options. Might as well just start from the top and work our way through. So the first option, Ben, is the Platinum Program. Now, it's extremely comprehensive, and it's really designed for, like, professional athletes, people dealing with chronic injuries or illnesses. You maybe someone's preparing to go all in, take a bunch of gear, and jump on stage, do a bodybuilding competition, right? So extremely comprehensive. If we were looking at that six-month option, it would come in to be about $10,000. See, I emphasize that, $10,000. And there is one spot left available for that at the moment. But to be honest, like, I don't think you're going to need that one. It's going to be a little bit overkill for you, so we'll just move on from it, right? So we want that shock factor. We want their jaw to drop. We want them to be like, oh, . You know what mean? Because that's what we're price anchoring to, right? Might want to have something, you know, for the rare unicorn that says they want that.
Ben Moore: I've never had it before, but I'm sure if someone's willing to pay $10,000, you'll probably go for it. On the seat, or not in person, but I've seen, like, sales calls replays where they try to do an anchor price. And they're all , they're like, I don't even have an actual package for that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: Yeah. It's so funny.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, you know, I've never had someone turn around.
Ben Moore: Not exactly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But yeah, I'm sure you could piece together some pretty quick if you did want to do that and blood work and all that . Cool. And then we just build trust by saying like, it's not going to sue you. Let's just move on from it. I mean, that brings us to my Emerald package. Again, you can call them whatever you want. Brings me to Emerald package. Now this one's still very comprehensive and it is designed to maximize accountability and communication. If we're looking at the Emerald option for six months, instead of $10,000, bring it right down as 5K. So obviously saving quite a lot on that. Now with that, you're to get full custom training, nutrition, 24-7 text and call, weekly check-in, second weekly strategy call.
Ben Moore: On top of that, we're going to get right at yada, yada. Obviously that's going to change for what you offer.
Kyle Musca: Right. And the reason we dropped the price before getting into that is because they're going to remember the last thing that you say. So if you say all this and then say price, they're just going to remember the price. Right. We say price and then get the value of the program. There's a fair bit more that goes into it, but I feel like you get the point. Break the ice, make a little joke. And there is, again, one spot left for that. So again, scarcity addition is really important to do. One spot left for that. Now, after you say whatever one you're trying to sell, so like from the sounds of things, you already are confident trying to sell the Emerald, which is great. Come down and you do the guarantee. Now, obviously, I back everything I say. So if you do sign up, follow, you know, the plan, follow what I lay for you, whatever you say, and you don't achieve a result you're absolutely stoked with, not only will I give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 cash your way just for wasting your time. Now, the guarantee is a conditional guarantee, which means that they, and you would be worth adding this into your contract, but they have to actually follow the program. So for me, it's like they have to follow 80% of the program. They have to check in with the coach three times a week. They have to do all their check-ins, do all their training sessions, do all their meals, all that . Right? If they do that, they'll get the result. I'm pretty confident in that. Um, even with that, like, let's say for, for some, you know, weird reason, they just break physics and they don't get the result. If you are showing genuine care and you, you put the effort and the work into them, um, very, very, very unlikely someone's going to come back and ask you for a refund. You know what I mean? Um, I think in my entire time doing it, I had one dude that did the Emerald Pack, the five grand for six months. He actually did get a really, really good result. Um, but like, I think you want to lose like over 20 kilos of fat or something. He actually did, would have lost that much fat, but he clearly built muscle in the process. I explained that to him. And then I was like, look, man, uh, I do want, you know, actually see you through, see this through with you. want you to get the best result possible. Uh, I'll just give you an extra month of coaching. Absolutely free. Sound fair? Yeah. was happy with that.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Only time I've ever had that problem.
Ben Moore: problem. Cause it's like most people, like when they come on a call, they think they only need to lose five or 10 kilos.
Kyle Musca: I never tell them like, you're looking like brother, you've got like 20 kilos.
Ben Moore: So anything above that, but yeah, no, that's. That's cool. I've got that in my contract, but it's pretty safe, I think. I'll double-check. It's in all my contracts.
Kyle Musca: I do have all the contracts and stuff as well, if you want to check any of mine out.
Ben Moore: I've got a pretty dulled one. It's like 15 pages long.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful.
Ben Moore: Yeah, so it's pretty good. It's one written up properly. But yeah, we do have to complete the full 25 weeks, log and track all food intake, calories and macronutrients as instructed, complete at least 80% prescribed training sessions. Complete all 90% of prescribed walking or step targets, complete all weekly check-in forms, which no one ever  does. Submit all progress photos and weigh-ins, which most people will at least miss one.
Kyle Musca: So we kind of get covered. Yeah.
Ben Moore: Not in like a clannish way, but just to save our arse.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no. I mean, it's a good idea.
Ben Moore: Snow too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, so that's sound. It's a conditional guarantee. Then again, as long as you provide a good service. Very unlikely that it can come back. Now, after I say the guarantee, so let's say I've done the platinum, I've done the emerald, now I've done the guarantee, I'll come back and I'm like, okay, cool. So with all that being said, man, like, I guess, you know, which option sort of jumped out to you there? Now I'll say which option, not did an option, right? Reason for that is because did an option is a yes, no answer, right? Which option is an A, B answer? So it's like they have to kind of choose one or the other. But it's kind of like the question, I'm sure you've probably heard it in school, it's like, have you told your parents you're gay yet? It's a bit of a trap, like trick question. So, you know, they'll say one or the other, you might have to objection handle. Now, while I'm on this as well, I might as well pull it up. This is the objection handling script.
Ben Moore: Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: So let's say, oh, yeah, I think the Emerald did. I just, you know, need to make sure it fits within the budget, right? That's where you come into this. You'll come into, you can't afford it. So, and these go through what's known as objection cycles. So, which is what these are, objection cycle six. So usually it's always about price. So I need to think about it. And I need to ask my partner, again, as a smokescreen objection, because it's not really an objection. It's like, what do you need to think about? Or what do you need to ask your partner about is the real objection, which is usually mine, right? Or it's, especially I need to ask my partner, it's just, I need to weasel out of this to not.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's exactly right, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's kind of what this part is, but it all kind of usually feeds into the same thing. So, yeah, I just need to, you know, check my budget. Okay, gotcha. And like, I guess price aside, do you actually want to do the program? So what we're doing here is we're instantly reframing, right? So what that means is like they're only thinking about the price now, which means they're logistically thinking about it. Again, we're trying to make an emotional sale. So if they're logistically thinking about it, they're only seeing the price and, you know, you could be selling the cure with cancer, they're not going to buy it, right? So we need to reframe back onto the value of the program. Price aside, would you do the program? Yes. Okay, and, you know, just so I'm on the same page, you're going to scale up 1 to 10 with, you 10 being the program is absolutely perfect and it couldn't add anything to it if I wanted to. And one is, I'm a complete dickhead, I've completely missed the mark. Now, make a little joke about it, break the eyes. I guess, where are we sitting on that? They'll say 7, 8 or 9. Okay, 7's pretty high. I guess, why isn't it lower? Now, we do that because now they're going to come back and they're going to start telling you all the great things about the program.
Ben Moore: That actually shocks them too. Like every, because I use this exact objection script, pretty much a word for word. And they always get lower. Don't you mean high? No, no, brother, lower. Why not lower?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, perfect. Yeah. So again, because you can never tell someone how good the program is. Like you could be lying. You can be full of . If they say all the good thing about the program, then it has to be true. Right. And again, it reinforces the value in their brand. Cool. So you're already doing that, which is fantastic. Now, with the payment breakdowns here, this is really important because it sets the tone for the entire program. What I can do is I work with a billing company. Now, the billing company is always the bad guy. I mean, you just want to be the friendly neighborhood Spider-Man that's just there to coach them, help them be the best version of themselves. The billing company is now here to break down the payment. But if payments ever fail, if they want to cancel, it goes. pay family. or something like that, but the billing company is the bad guy who's chasing the payment. Does that make sense? So I work with a billing company. kind of like Afterpay. Instead of covering, you know, 5K for the entire 6 or 5,000 for the entire 6 months, what we could do is, yeah, we could just lay down 3K today, which would obviously save you 2,000. And then we wouldn't officially start till Monday. So repayments wouldn't start till five weeks from now. So ages away. And that would just be 400 months. So it makes it super easy on cash flow. Is that going to make it a little bit more reasonable for you? Now I'll say reasonable because obviously it's going to make more reasonable. I've just dropped the price by 2K for them to get started. Right. I'm just trying to extract a yes out of them. Does that make sense? Cool. Any, any questions on any of that?
Ben Moore: No, I don't actually use, I've never used a billing company before.
Kyle Musca: No, no, we don't use a billing company. just say we do. Genius. Yeah. Yeah. It's just, it's just cause like, you know, if a payment fails or anything like that, like you just never. You want to be the coach that's associated with payment because it's like, again, the payment is the bad guy. I mean, you don't want like ruin your relationship with them. You always want to kind of be the good cop in the relationship, trying to help them however you can. And again, there's just a business component that has to be dealt with.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that's super helpful because if someone does, you know, start to ghost after two or three or four weeks or something, it's like, well, brother, you know, there's a billing company that, you know, will chase up the entire amount. We can work towards a solution. I'm happy to do that. But if not, the billing company will just take over, which you can get debt collectors and stuff for.
Ben Moore: It's not that difficult to do it at Yeah. We do have that in our contract as well with that if they ghost.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just, again, it just helps from that. It works tremendously well because, again, you're just there trying to help them however you can. Would that be a bit more reasonable to get started? Now, with objection cycling, you always have to make the re-ask. You can't just be like, and then it'll just be 400 a month. going Now, Now, Thank If you just end there, they're not going to be like, oh yeah, cool. Here's my credit card. You know what mean? It's like, does that make it a little bit more reasonable? Yes. Okay. Did you want to run with that option? You have to directly re-ask. And that, the direct re-ask is what closes the objection cycle. So you'll see after we ask that, did you want to run with that option? If they object again, then we go into objection cycle two. So it's what closes the loop of the objection cycle. Does that make sense? Cool. Or yes, it would make it a little bit more reasonable, but I still need to, you know, make sure, like I need to check my finances. Right? So now we need to do fear-based versus logistics-based, which is what I mentioned before. Okay. Yeah, completely understand. And, you know, just so I'm on the floor. Now, what I always like to ask here, especially if you feel like it's becoming a higher pressure situation, you always just give them an out. What I mean by that is like, if you had a ball that's about to burst, right, it's got a lot of pressure on the inside, you just poke a hole in it to let some air out. Huh? Basically means you just give them out like, okay, I completely understand that. And like, before we sort of go any further, I just want to make sure, like, do you actually want to do the program? And it's just a matter of, you know, funds or, you know, the fun side of things, or is it like, you just don't want to do the program?
Ben Moore: Because that's fine too. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you just give them an exit because they won't usually say yes. I'll like that. I've never had someone to be like, no, I don't want to do the program. If they do, I mean, you can't sell something to someone that doesn't want it.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you know, I do, I do. I just want to make sure. Well, and it takes away the sales pressure. So they don't feel like you're just trying to  sell them into something. Okay, cool. Well, I mean, just so I'm, you know, fully on the same page, is it a matter of like, do you actually have the funds available or is it, and you just want to make sure it fits with everything else going on? Or is it, you know, you just don't physically have those funds and it's a matter of actually finding them. So fear-based versus logistics-based. All right. Let's say, yeah, let's say they do have the money, which they usually do. I just need to make sure it fits within my Bills. Okay. Well, look, if it's just a cashflow thing and you don't want to put yourself out, which I completely understand, what we could do is instead of covering 3K, we could just do 2,500, which will save you an extra $500.
Ben Moore: That way, you're not going to put yourself out with all the other bills and everything like that.
Kyle Musca: And then we wouldn't officially restart the payments for five weeks, so ages away. That would just be 500 a month from that point. Would that be a bit more reasonable for you?
Ben Moore: Makes sense.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so again, see how we're not just dropping price every time they like object a little bit. We always have to like re-enter into an objection cycle because if nothing's changed or we haven't uncovered any new information or anything like that, then it's just, again, it's just a logistical mindset thing, which, you you could be offering them 20 bucks a week.
Ben Moore: They're still going to say no. Yeah. And there's even some cases where, yeah, you do drop it down and say, well, righto. Well, what if we just do 20 bucks? And they go, nah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've literally done that before on the guys.
Ben Moore: I do. I always do it. go, so even if I offered you 20 bucks right now, would you do it? And they go, no, no, no, you're logistically thinking. I just go, I'm not even going do it with you. You're going to be a  headache with a client anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, absolutely. Cheap clients are  annoying clients.
Ben Moore: They are, man. And it's like, yeah. You know, I always go through, if you go through the prices and even go, like, sometimes I'll go down a tier. And even if they're not saying yes on that, I'm just like, look, man, I don't think  God could help you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. So yeah, again, diffusing pressure. Look, I just want to make sure, you I've got this right, because from everything we've spoken about, it sounds like, so this is a really important thing to use. So again, this is a never split the difference. It sounds like, or it seems like, is called a label, right?
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Now, the reason we do that is because one, it takes away the risk of offending them. Because if I was like, from everything you've, you know, you've told me, you do need to do this program. Could affect
Ben Moore: And then theoretically, it could just register wrong in their brain. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sounds like you genuinely want to do this program, right? So it takes away the risk of fear. I mean, the risk of offending them. The second one is like, you can intentionally mislabel them, right? So it's like, you can be like, oh, it seems like, you know, you're not that serious about actually doing this program. Because mislabeling like that will give them the room to come in and be like, oh, no, I actually do really want to.
Ben Moore: That will give you the room, then the room to correct you without offending them.
Kyle Musca: That's a mislabel, right? So it sounds like you genuinely do want to make a change and, you know, you're really committed to actually dropping that 10 kilos so you can feel more confident to take your shirt off at the beach. Is this, you know, is this program something you actually do want to do? And it's just a matter of making sure that it makes sense financially? Or is it you just don't want to do the program because that's completely fine too, right? Uh, no, I do want to do it. just need to make sure that, you know, it sits, uh, fits financially. Uh, okay. Well, if you do want to do it, I'd love to sit down on the same side of the table with you. So I literally do say that, um, and just see if we can make it work. If not, look, you know, I understand that that's life sometimes. Right. Um, so I guess like, do you mind if I challenge you on, on, on the perspective, uh, you know, the perspective you just shared with me after they said no to whatever you said, they'll always say yes, disgruntlingly. I guess when it comes to these, I like to, you know, do a little, um, sort of activity. So like, let's, let's imagine you're on a deserted island right now. All right. You've been walking around in circles for the last two years, as you mentioned, struggling with the weight that you're trying to lose. Right. You've tried everything to get off that island. You've done the makeshift graphs. You've done, you know, trying to swim to shore. You've put up SOS signals on the beach and so far, nothing has worked. Right. Now I've come along with a five-star cruise ship. You've told me that you love the pro. like, you You the program and everything involved in it. And I've said to you, jump on board. I'm going to sail to the mainland, you know, which is the strongest, leanest, healthiest, happiest version of yourself. And this is just the price of admission. So I guess my question to you is, like, are you going to take the price of admission and let me sail you to the destination where you want to be, right? And so you can get on with your life. Or are going to keep walking around on this island in circles and hoping something magically changes? Because maybe in, you know, six months, 12 months, 18 months, another cruise ship comes along, possibly at the same price, more than likely more than more expensive. And you've wasted not only all the time just thinking about making the change instead of actually doing it, you have to end up paying the same, if not more for it in the long run anyway. So I guess, like, what decision are you actually going to make? So it's just an analogy.
Ben Moore: Three frames are more, it too?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. All Are you going to jump on the cruise ship or are just going to stay on this island and keep walking around in circles? We're just asking questions that essentially back them into a corner where the logistical answer is to move forward with the program. Oh, look, I know, I understand that, but I just need to make it work financially. Fine, do you mind if I put on my coaching? Now, you'll notice with every single objection cycle, we're getting more direct and more sort of, yeah, just confrontational. From the start, like the first few objection cycles, it's like, look, I just want to make sure it works. You know, if not, that's life sometimes, unfortunately. Towards the end of it, and as you'll get in, as we get to here, it's like, you know, Ben, what decision do you need to make right now? So when you get off this call and you go to bed tonight, you know that you put yourself in the best possible position. So in six months time, you're going to be 10 kilos leaner and actually feel confident, take a shirt off and actually be able to go on dates with women that you want to go on. What decision are going to make to make sure that happens? You know what mean? So it's like, do you mind if I... So phrases like this are great. you mind if I put my coaching hat on in a second?
Ben Moore: Because it means you can be the biggest  after that.
Kyle Musca: When it comes to situations like this, kind of seems like you're holding yourself back, which is completely normal when you face with a big change. If it wasn't a big life-changing change, you wouldn't have anxiety around it. So I want you to think about this. If you think about the woman or the man that you want to be in six months' time, you've lost 20 kilos. You're the strongest, healthiest, most confident version of yourself. When you think of the person that he becomes, what decision do you feel like he would make in this moment right now? Do you feel like he would play it safe and sit on the sidelines and make excuses as to why he can't get started? Or do you feel like he would just grab the bulls-by-horn, make the decision to actually make the change, and do whatever it takes in order to make sure that change actually happens? I'll probably make the decision. Okay, so what decision are you going to make? I guess I'll do it. Okay, so do you want to do it then? Yeah? Okay, cool. Let's do I mean, and then, again, you can keep going through here. Yeah, does that all make sense?
Ben Moore: Yeah, it does. That's good.
Kyle Musca: I already sent that on to you, and then I'll send this. Cool, Brian. I feel like we covered a fair bit. Any questions on any of that at all?
Ben Moore: No, it's good. I like the, I'll have a look at that script, and the objection handling stuff's good. I'm usually just kind of a bit more direct from the , the get-go, as soon as they start pushing back. But that's good. It's kind of, you ease your way into the directness. Where you said, like, where you kind of gave that one of, like, the third cycle, I usually do that in the first. I just gave it a little. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because sometimes they might just be on the fence about it, and they kind of just, like, need a little nudge. And if you go into guns blazing, that might, like, because, again, their guard will instantly go up, because they're expecting, you know, a sales call to be salesy. So it's like, if you can kind of just be like, hey, man, like, I just, you know, if you want to do it. So, that's. Fantastic. would love to help you do it. But if not, it's your life. I don't care. Then they'll be like, oh, this guy's not just trying to sell me.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. I guess too, like sometimes I find too, like, like kind of working my way down into pitch, I always just say like, I kind of almost frame it as like, I don't want, I don't say it like this, but I almost say like, I don't want anything to do with you if you're not ready to take commitment. Like it's like, I'm not, you're not going to be the client for me if you're not going to actually commit and actually take change. And I kind of put it in perspective. It was like, this does require change. And I've found since I've been doing that kind of in the pitch, more towards the bottom end, I've had  no objections with like, in regards to money, it's just like a clear yes or no. And the guys that usually say no, it's like, you can tell they're going to say no from the start, if that makes sense. So, but again, we don't buy their answers on the questionnaire that we kind of have them fill out. We kind of know, I'll cancel the call out just based on the questions. They can't even fill that out indepthly.
Kyle Musca: I'm just like, you're just going to be a piece of . Yeah. Yeah. I mean, in the pitch, it's probably not too bad. For the majority of the sales call, you want to kind of avoid commitment terminology because that can just put their guard right up. Essentially, what you're doing there is like kind of pre-framing them to, you know, it's hard to explain, but essentially you can kind of be like, would you say you're the type of guy that, you know, actually sort of does commit to something once he puts his mind to it? So it's kind of along those lines. You're trying to get them to verbally say what you want them to be and that way they want to remain congruent with that, if that makes sense. So it's definitely a good thing to add in there for sure.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. That's something I've been playing around with because I've found like we were getting like guys that just like can, can, can, and then you price drop and they're like, oh, I don't know if I can commit for six months.
Kyle Musca: I know.
Ben Moore: I'm like, I'm going start telling them just  straight up. know what mean? Like this requires commitment if you're not willing to make the change. But yeah, I like the way you worded that and that might make a difference too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I just say like, if I was going to say something like. I would just be like, look, man, I'm not really interested in working with just anyone and everyone. Like, I want to work with the guys that are actually committed to making a change because, one, they're a lot less of a headache and, you know, I'm actually passionate about helping men that want to help themselves. And secondly, like, this is a community of like-minded men. I'm not really willing to corrupt that with, you know, dudes that are just constantly going to make excuses and  themselves.
Ben Moore: Yeah. No, I like that. That's good because that's, yeah, because I've just noticed, like, I'm pretty picky. Oh, shouldn't say picky, but it's like I'm pretty, like, if you're not actually going to  make change and do action, it's like, again, like you said, I just don't want waste my energy and time. When I've done it in the past, I've done it for the last, like, 10 years. It's like probably the last 12 months or so. I've been pretty strict on that because, like, I don't want to kind like, not doing  and then, you know, crying because then I'll get results.
Kyle Musca: It's like, brother. Yeah. No, absolutely. I'm the same. It's definitely a lot better when you have a coach on board because it's like you can deal with it, mate. So, yeah, we'll get into that.
Ben Moore: Yeah, let's go.
Kyle Musca: you. Cool, man. Well, good session. I do have to run for another call, but we'll piece together some marketing stuff as well. Keep me updated with what happens with the marketing team. But next call, we'll pretty much just focus heavily on getting a marketing campaign set up.
Ben Moore: Yeah, perfect, man. That sounds good. That sounds good. I assume he'll just let us go. I'm just going to say to him, like, I'll message him back after this. But yeah, I'm just not like, I just think I'll say I don't want to continue pretty much. So, yeah, I assume he'll just jump in on a call and try to resell me back in or some sort. I just told him, said, there's no point of us running ads for closing 30 calls a week. Not that we're actually doing that. But I told him the first few weeks that we were, which we were. But yeah, he should  understand. I just feel like I'm paying you  2K and you're just doing my marketing and we don't need your marketing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. cool, man. Well, let me know how you go with it. And if you have any questions for me in the meantime, I'm just saying, yeah, man.
Ben Moore: Yeah, awesome, man. Just... Just... Do I know you do have to go what time next week or do you to message me after this? I'm pretty easy either way, it's fine.
Kyle Musca: I'll shoot you a message to confirm, but do you want to go, we'll go 2pm Queensland time next week, Wednesday?
Ben Moore: Yeah, that works perfect. If you shoot that through, I'll lock her in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Awesome, I'll just shoot you a message about that and we'll lock it in. Sounds good, legend. Enjoy, mate. Cheers, man. All right, enjoy the rest of the day. Chat soon. We'll do it. Bye.


>>> 147/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-02T05:24:32Z | id:134836480
People: Kyle Musca

xavier kelly: This meeting is being recorded. 30 or 40 years old.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, what was that? missed that phone.
xavier kelly: There were like 30, 40-year-old women, 40-year-old women. Actually, no, one was 51. The other was 40, 40.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, nice. Yeah. How do you feel on the sales call since having the call training and Tommy and the trainings we did last week?
xavier kelly: I think good. I think I still need more reps because like between the training and the call was like a week, right? So it was like, it wasn't like I was like fresh on my memory and like had it down. But I think my objection handling is better. Like I just went straight to like, I just worked through the packages. I'm like, cool. Like my top package, this is really just like body beetles of people who really need like a lot of attention. There's a couple of spots left. That one is 3,000 for three months. I don't think you need that. What I would actually think would be best. To suit you and your needs would come down to my main package, which is for three months, includes everything, one-on-one calls. That's only 2.2K instead of 3,000. How does that sound? And I said, there's only one or two spots left. And then I downsold her. She was like, oh, it's still a lot. And said, like, what about the 900 USD one? There's only one spot left. She's leaving at the end of this week. And she's like, oh, well, that's still a lot. And then I was like, oh, well, I usually don't do this. But what if we break it up just monthly? No 40% upfront so that I can get you started. And then I got that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, perfect. So, yeah, it definitely does come down to reps and everything like that. And just being calm and collected as any objection handling side of things.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: start to freak out, they'll pick that up. For sure. There's a few things I want to – have you tested the DM sort of strategy a little bit more since adding that?
xavier kelly: Um, the DM strategy, what do you mean?
Kyle Musca: In terms of instead of directing them to application form, just getting them to message you directly?
xavier kelly: Yeah, I have implied it a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: So, on ManyChat, should be, so the comments start, I've had 18 people run through that one.
Kyle Musca: Pull this out on my side.
xavier kelly: And then two people get to the end of it.
Kyle Musca: And then two people get to the end of it, I mean, it's, , I'll show my screen, so I'll look at the same thing.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You're not running any ads or anything like that, so they're going to have to specifically message you, which is...
xavier kelly: Well, it's just comment, comment star, and then it sends them the flow.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, okay.
xavier kelly: Yeah, for this one.
Kyle Musca: Right, okay. Yeah. So for women as well, especially your niche, I wouldn't really, I would probably change this to like how much weight are hoping to lose?
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Just because, yeah, I very much doubt, you know, 30 plus year old women that are following your content are going to come to looking at gaining a heap of size. So usually I just do like zero to, we spoke about this last week, didn't we?
xavier kelly: Did you change that? No, I didn't change it.
Kyle Musca: What were we doing at all?
xavier kelly: I was a little confused because we ended up having a few different So we've got this, we've got use this DM copy, use this commas direct flow, and then use this direct comment flow. So the copy one is.
Kyle Musca: Ah, this is comment messages. Yeah, this one. Right. Do you.
xavier kelly: This one, this one is triggers start. Turn this one off. Like the, the one with heaps of people for it, we can turn that one off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so let's duplicate this.
xavier kelly: We'll turn this one off, because this is the old one. Yeah, that's the one with lots of people's throat.
Kyle Musca: Why doesn't that let me turn it off, what the ? User. And it's start, isn't it?
xavier kelly: Yep, start. I mean, it could be comment start or comment ready. It could be either for comments. I don't think it matters too much.
Kyle Musca: That can be weird. Cool. And then we'll just do another one to do ready as well. Use this. Let's give it this. Well, should be on, that's because of that one. It's not knowing how they do this with comments. Let's just get rid of that. Mark this message as a private reply if you want to send it as a reply to a post. What the  does that mean?
xavier kelly: But you got the bit where it says, so on the top right of the little, if you click on that, use the comments.
Kyle Musca: To view the comment.
xavier kelly: Click next. I don't think you can send a question with a button. I don't know. I remember it had something to do with that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I remember the comments were a little  iffy. So I usually try and steer away from them because they're annoying. Mark, this message is a private reply. Mark, Mark, this message I'm to  around with that because that's going to take too long. I don't want to use this session for that. Oh, it's a private reply. If you intend to send this message as a response to a post or a real comment, please ensure it chooses private. Meta-alise you communicate with the contact within 24 hours of the last interaction. Okay, cool. So that solves that issue. All right, beautiful. Yeah, okay, yeah, that makes sense. Okay, cool. So that's up and running. Have you done a CTA for that?
xavier kelly: Yeah, so I just posted a video there and you can see... I posted a few. So I posted the Reese's Ball one where I just did a straight CTA. It's got about 10 comments for that one.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So let's, have you done, that got good views, man. Like good engagement. Not obviously this kind of engagement, but this is obviously a lot more of a like value-driven content piece.
xavier kelly: Oh, the, um, the one with the, the food. Yeah. Yeah. That are right. And then I posted one just before for like a salad recipe.
Kyle Musca: This one's done quite well. This is my high protein tuna celery salad with no mayo. Sounds good. What do I need? You're going you're going First, off with one can of tuna. One can of tuna. First, we're going to dice up some celery. Celery's going in. Next, we're going to put in some cucumber. Cucumber. Next, we're going to put in an apple for some sweetness. One cut-up Granny Smith. Now, it's time to make the sauce. First, we're going to put in half a cup of cottage cheese. Cottage cheese. Next, we're going to put in two tablespoons of Greek yogurt. Greek yogurt. Half a teaspoon of garlic. Some garlic. Some Dijon mustard. And the Dijon mustard. A little bit of fresh dill. Some not-so-fresh dill. Of course, pop it off with some salt and pepper. Some patricia. And tenis glass. Next, we're going to put our sauce into our tuna mixture. Wow. Which is insane. By the way, my name's Xavier. I'm a fat loss coach. And I try recipes so you don't have to. Then let you know if they're a beauty or beauty. And if you like the sound of that, drop me a follow. That is good. Crunchy, sweet, creamy, high protein. That is a banger. Also, I've got a couple spots for April open. So if you want to work with me one-on-one and lose fat, comment the word start and I'll reach out to you in the DMs. Nice. I like that. When did you post that?
xavier kelly: Just then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Okay, hopefully that goes viral. We'll  see what that pulls in, man. And then it'd be good to even do some stories, like, one, some stories of that. And then what I would do, man, is I would start, have you tried a carousel?
xavier kelly: I haven't yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I reckon that's your next thing. I think those were your big three pillars, like this kind of content, this kind of content, and then getting some carousels up there. Carousels are going to be great to, two things, actually. Carousels are going to be great to get the social proof slotted in midway. You know what I mean? Yeah. So, like, do some lifestyle .
xavier kelly: We've looked at carousels before, haven't we? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I won't spend too much time on that. What I would also really strongly do, how many, like, total transmissions do you have?
xavier kelly: Um, eight, nine.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. So that's enough. Um, I would, I would put together, like, start pinning. Some, you know what mean? So, for example, one of my other guys, he's got this now. Like, he's got, so a story one's fantastic. Like, a little bit of your upbringing, a little bit about you, you know, relate with them, and then getting some social proof in there.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then the CTA at the end, right? And then you might have another one where it's just purely social proof.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then can have a third one. He's got just more social proof. Cool.
xavier kelly: Have a look at my account. I just unarchived an old one that I had. Refresh that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Beautiful. So I would avoid using words like busy adult. It just sounds like it's kind of overdone, if that makes sense. People kind of like know what you're trying to do there. I would also probably, I mean, these aren't bad to keep them now, but I would probably redo these and make sure that they're like, look organic to Instagram.
xavier kelly: This looks a little bit too professional.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. Yeah, exactly.
xavier kelly: I have some more since then, and those were some like, that was with women, those calls, have a couple of calls with girls where we talk about the program.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, like adding. That in there is not bad at all if they're saying really good things about it. mean, you might, for example, you might have one where it is just purely transformations and then the other is just testimonials.
xavier kelly: Yeah. But keep it and make it look more.
Kyle Musca: Just make it look more organic-y. And it doesn't look too in-your-face kind of thing. I wonder if, yeah, so something, yeah, transformation, transformation, transformation. That's really all we want. We just want people coming through to see that you're, you know, exactly who you are, what you're about, that you've worked with people and it's done well.
xavier kelly: Yeah. I even like it on his video. He's at the gym, like he's showing the training. So it's not just about food on the pin post with that transformation.
Kyle Musca: This one?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's only one transformation. I would have thought it would
xavier kelly: The video, that one.
Kyle Musca: This one?
xavier kelly: Yeah, he's like at the gym. So he's showing like how he can PT as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. That was shorter than I would have thought.
xavier kelly: Yeah, no, look at it. Oh, this guy's just tall though, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that could be it too. I mean, if you have something like that, that'd be good. Otherwise, the video social testimonials are great. Like if they're just, you know, constantly you're going back and forth with clients and the clients are like, you know, this is absolutely, like, it's been such a game changer.
xavier kelly: Like, you've helped me change my life.
Kyle Musca: Like, that's powerful enough. You what mean? People will come and start stalking your account and see all that stuff. Perfect, man. Now, I just think you need to probably make a few more asks in your stories. Also, when you're doing check, like, I think just get used to flooding your story with as much social proof as possible. Like, whenever you're doing a check-in, someone's made good progress. . Throw it up there. How do you edit your transformations?
xavier kelly: Do you put them in Canva? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I'm going to start doing is because I'm going to start doing a lot more. I usually only do one a week. Again, I'm pretty lazy with my organics because I can rely on ads a little bit more. But what I would do, is this my most recent one? Yeah. I would just build them out in Canva like this. So like any post-worthy transformation, you just like easily have access to. Because like once you have, you know,  realistically, you probably only need five of these. But once you have enough of them, you can just keep like filtering through. Yeah. I mean, no one's going to  remember.
xavier kelly: Yeah. You're right. Yeah. Because you're with another guy with a tattoo. It's the same  bloke.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: So it's like just... It's the same  bloke, mate.
Kyle Musca: Just keep, yeah, reposting essentially. And then like, again, when you're doing your check-in stuff, show that you're working, show that you're an actual coach.
xavier kelly: know what I mean? Yeah. So when I'm doing like video check, I'll be be like... Like maybe film the interaction on my phone and just like, how much weight did we lose this week? And she says, you know, a kilo. I'm like, and how easy was it? Oh, was easy. And like, I blur out her face in the video, but you can see that like, I'm on the phone talking to her like, you know, like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. absolutely. Even if you just like screen record or something like that. And then it like, but even for, you know, for example, like if I come into my app, like let's say I was doing a check-in here. Don't lock me out like it always  does, you dog. You know, I would screenshot, you know, side by side like that, chuck it up on the story,  screenshot the weight they've lost over the period of time, chuck it up on story. You know what mean? Yeah. So there's people that do that well. Oh, let's see if they've got any. Emily does this well. If she's got any, she might not have any. No, none like that. Amber does them well as well, actually. Again, she naturally does this well. I don't actually coach this trick, but taking on five to seven girls in April to lose five to eight kilos in 12-week field muscle. Damn me, plan.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now you can see she's done a bit of like coaching related  up until that point. She's offered a bit of value, whatever the  she's talking about. She's even done like a little bit of a pull. You won the exactly plan I used to lose. The issue with polls anymore is they don't let you see who ... Voted on the poll, which is stupid. So I'll probably avoid doing that. Even for you, man, like just to start the conversation and everything, you could even do a sticker tap. Just take the friction out of it completely and you manually reach out to them after it. Does that make sense?
xavier kelly: Sticker tap. Let me have a look.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: So if I go sticker, what's the thing called?
Kyle Musca: It's called sticker, I think. So like this. Yeah, so Aaron's done a good job here as well. He's doing a of a soft CTA. Sticker tap.
xavier kelly: What the  is that? Oh, is this an emoji?
Kyle Musca: It's on. It's like an actual thing when we put up.
xavier kelly: Custom reaction sticker, either point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you'll be able to see who's tapped on it. Yeah, custom emoji thing, yeah.
xavier kelly: Yeah, and then what, you just go through that and DM them?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, awesome. Yeah, so it's just a less friction thing. You know mean?
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: If you can tap this sticker.
xavier kelly: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Now, you can get creative with that as well. So I would do a hard CTA for you, especially around April, if you haven't done one on your story yet.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, like, you can get creative. So, for example, what Aaron's done here is he's done a bit of a lead magnet thing for it. But you can also do, like, you know, I'm giving one random person that taps this sticker, seven days of coaching after. Absolutely free. Now, you need to want to lose at least 10 kilos, you know, maybe add a few qualifying things to try and make sure that people tapping into the right people. But realistically, and then, you know, after two minutes of having it up, next story can be like, wow, that went quick or something like that to show people that, you know, obviously that they need to get getting quick if they see that again. But you can just message everyone off the back end of that because they won't see that anyway until they actually tap the sticker. So you can just message everyone and be like, hey, you know, unfortunately someone else won, but I saw you tapped on that sticker. So I thought I'd reach out to see if there's anything I could potentially help you with on your journey. I mean, and just start the conversation with in that way.
xavier kelly: Yeah. So like if I'm looking for blah, blah, blah, to give away one week free coaching to anyone that wants to lose 10 kilos plus, you have to be over 30 years old. And yeah. Like ready to lock in, ready to lose the weight.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I mean, again, I would do your direct CTA first because, again, we want quick turnarounds in people with higher intent right now. But, you know, again, even off the top of my head, like if I was going to play around with that, I might even do the title as like thinking about getting a coach, question mark. I'm going to give away seven days of free coaching, you know, because then it kind of hooks anyone that has the idea of maybe they do want to coach.
xavier kelly: Okay, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: I mean, yeah, perfect. Yeah, I feel like, yeah, I feel like with your socials, like let's not go down the lead magnet route anymore. And let's just, let's just go for the hard, obviously, we don't want to  spam it too much, but we just want to go for the direct ask. You know what I mean? We're going to get much higher. We'll get less volume, course, but we'll get much higher intent out of that from the people that do actually, you know. I will. Yeah.
xavier kelly: Yeah. So for the setup, I'll just direct him to, on the many chat, stick with the tagged section and you want to be going for the lead mag interested or the qualified tag.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So let's open this up.
xavier kelly: Do we have, I think we might've made multiple flows, did we?
Kyle Musca: Does that say live? Yeah. Let's make sure this 's turned off. Oh, mother flow. What is this? I was going to delete this one. Is that over?
xavier kelly: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Just because I don't want things double-firing. So using that, that's the direct DM1, and this is the direct comment 1. Ready, yes, cool. Oh, ready should be fine. Just make sure that if you're going to put anything up on your story, if you're going to use a trigger word, make sure to come and add it to this. Otherwise, it will defeat the point.
xavier kelly: Yeah. That is on the... Yep. And you've got multiple qualifiers. Qualified work, yep. So, yeah, finish flow qualified is the tag.
Kyle Musca: We want for that. And then it should be the tag we want for the other one as well. How is he going in the DMs?
xavier kelly: I think he's going all right. I think, I don't know if he's getting a little bit, what's the word? Like, not unmotivated potentially, just because the flow is in there. I sent those messages before. This guy's just messaged them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. So comment on that. Oh, you just sent that message, like literally just then?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. I mean, you're getting a few conversations started from that. Is that from the video you just posted?
xavier kelly: Yeah, I think so, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's a  good sign. Yeah, okay, sick. Do you have the core recordings from the course you took?
xavier kelly: I actually don't. I actually don't. The Fathom didn't, like, automatically do it that time.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Do you have any others that we could, I mean, they're going to be too old for us to really  make a part. I don't. But I should have a call in two days. call in days. Thank you. And hopefully we can book some of these people from today.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So yeah, what we can do then is we'll focus heavily on the...
xavier kelly: So you sent me... Sorry, you go.
Kyle Musca: I was just going to say, did you review this from last week?
xavier kelly: Which doc? Yeah, the videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: Yeah, that was literally what I was about to say. So we have the... You sent me a few docs. You've sent me the lead mag script. You've sent me the script, the payment structure. That lead... AgDM script, that was the, was there one other that I'm missing?
Kyle Musca: There's the direct response lead script, do you have that? So this is for more like direct intent if they actually message you about coaching.
xavier kelly: No, I don't have that.
Kyle Musca: So that's pretty similar from memory, but it's just goal, struggle, job question.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I think I need to keep everything like centralized for the setter. like, all right, this is what we do for the DMs. This is what we do for the direct contact. This is where you find leads on ManyChat so that, like I'm getting it now, but before I was just having all these different ways of like extracting leads. And then I would like say something to the setter and then I would change my mind. And now, but this is where you find leads and it's actually where you find it here. So it's good to have that kind of all sorted. I can direct it better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the main thing we want to focus on is simplicity. Like we just want to keep things as simple as possible and get the cleanest possible data that we can. then we make decisions based off that. One thing I think would be really well worth trying is because you've got, actually, this would be a  fantastic idea. Doing a magic hat. Have you heard of the magic hat trick before?
xavier kelly: No.
Kyle Musca: So, essentially, go through any lead. I mean, like you could go through everybody that's  downloaded, you know, a recipe from you or something like that. Now, the setter, really important with this, if you're going to do it, make sure the setter's tagging who they do it to because, you know, you don't want to, you know, we can do this every, like, month or every two months or every three months, however often you want to do it. But we just obviously don't want to do it to multiple people twice. So, I'll show you that because this should generate some calls if we do it properly. So essentially all you're going to do is you're to go out to anyone that's, I would probably do anyone that's got the recipe from you, you know what mean? Yo, brother, how's things? Obviously you'll agree with it. Got some awesome news. Every month I do a random giveaway. Anyone that's inquired about coaching, so you'd change that. So anyone that's commented for a free recipe, and today must be your lucky day because you're the name I pulled out of the hat, or you're the name that was landed on, right? That's why we call those random giveaway. You've scored a $500 coaching voucher you can put straight towards one of my coaching packages. Let me know if you're keen to click on that. We'll run through the next steps, okay? If you've already had the conversation and they're qualified, it's like, cool, let's just line up the time, jump on the call. If, obviously, they haven't, you know, once you can't wait, what would you do for work that's highly active or stressful, right? If they're qualified, then you book them on a call. If they're not qualified, do you have a low ticket you could send them to?
xavier kelly: I could just do, like, a cookbook, for sure. I've got, like, a white-label cookbook that I can price up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you say, do you have anything else you could give away with it? Because it kind of needs to be, like, like, if you're going to, it's fine to give something away for free, but it needs to be, like, $500 worth of value type thing.
xavier kelly: If they don't want the coaching?
Kyle Musca: I mean, you could change this to be, like, if they're not qualified, be, like, full transparency, you know, my coaching packages do usually come out to be at least $2,000. With that $500 of that applied, it would be $15. Is that something that's going to be doable for you? And just ask a hard financial qualifying to kind of scare them off if they're not, you know, financially qualified to do it.
xavier kelly: Okay. I'm a little confused. So you've gotten to the end of the flow.
Kyle Musca: So the magic hat is there's no many chat flow included. The center would just go through any one that's basically downloaded recipe.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Say you've won $500. If the conversation above says they're already qualified because they've answered what they do for work, then you just book them in for a call. If not, we don't want to be wasting our time because people will say yes, but if they obviously just  broke or don't have a job or just whatever. Yeah. So what I would do instead for you is if they're qualified, again, after asking. This question, then yes, book them on a call. If they're not qualified, then just ask it hard. So if they're not qualified, ask a hard financial question. Just be like, awesome. Yeah, so the package. So my coaching option comes out to be about $2,000 USD or whatever you end up saying. With the $500 voucher applied, that's going to bring it right down to just $1,500. And then just suss what they say. Like if they say that, yeah, that's sweet, then jump on the call. It should be a pretty easy sale if they do that. More than likely, they're obviously going to say that's too expensive and scare them off. But we kind of want to scare them off if they're not qualified because we don't want to waste our time on a call.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
xavier kelly: That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then just be like, no worries. Well, what I can do for you is I can give you this cookbook instead.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
xavier kelly: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so he, I mean, you should have plenty of leads to do that too. And Usually that does generate quite a lot of interest.
xavier kelly: I'll bump up a story today. Do you think the best way to do it is like every morning, just update my set of like, hey, stories are going up, make sure to check, or like, hey, posted a video, or is it just, they should just be coming in all the time. So it'd be like, for him, it's check lead magnet, interested, check if anyone's gone, qualified, and then also check the stick attack.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, he should, it's his job to sort of be on top of it, anyway.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But he should definitely be filtering here very frequently and making sure that, you know, he's dealing with the people that are, yeah. Yeah. Is it just qualified? What's your target?
xavier kelly: It was just qualified, I'm pretty sure. That's the, I believe so. I believe that was it.
Kyle Musca: It was the same thing here. Working, finished, qualified. Okay, was just one shot. Oh, you don't have the job question on the mail side.
xavier kelly: So I've got the comment, and then this is the direct DM. It's qualified. That puts them to finished, flow, finished, flow, qualified. Two sets of, there's two sets of qualified, two different tags. So just pop them in the. In the one tag. Do you want to separate like work full-time from part-time?
Kyle Musca: Do you just have more than one? No, yeah, we definitely, oh, I'm doing it myself on my side. What are we currently doing? Yeah, we'll do that for the director's team as well. How are you finding the closing position as well? Is that taking up much time or?
xavier kelly: No, it's fine. Like it's, the calls are usually just 30 minutes. There's like five or six of them a day, and commissions, too good. I'm just waiting for some of my deals to be installed, and then I'll get money. Solar's pretty crazy. It's a  crazy industry. The money's insane.
Kyle Musca: So I'll change to this tape for now, just because it's not about to be qualified. Update. Yeah, perfect. Yeah, I reckon just push hard this week. Like, definitely get some CTAs up. I feel like we could definitely be using, like, adding more stuff.
xavier kelly: around your stories, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: I don't throw a minimum of four stories a day. Every day, there should be some type of ask. I'll do at least two hard CTAs a week. To be honest, the whole rule is not the rule, but the whole thing is two hard CTAs a week. But to be honest, there's people like that Amber girl that I showed you before. She does one pretty much every single day almost. You don't, it's a story. don't take that much notice of it. So it's like, you don't, you know what mean? Yeah. So you might even want to do one every like, you know, two or three days, just a hard CTA.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I definitely think get a carousel up. And then also just, this is less time sensitive, but I would do what we spoke about with the pin posters.
xavier kelly: Yeah, it more organic. I'll take like two seconds. I can do that today, no problem. So yeah, four stories a day. try to just do like a hard ask for a soft ask every day. Soft video, iPhone kind of quality shots up there. And then try to get the sticker taps or a direct response and then just manage the setter like, hey, FYI, this is where we check leads. Make sure you stay on top of them. Speed to lead is really important. I think we might be losing from like speed to lead.
Kyle Musca: If he's being slow, yeah, it's not. How often is his response time?
xavier kelly: I think it's usually pretty good. I wish I could  track it, but it's not something good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you can kind of like come in and check any conversations he's had and you can see from there. Like, 11.35, so that's not bad there.
xavier kelly: Yeah, that was me.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right. Yeah, okay. Where is he?
xavier kelly: Oh, he's this black one. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's 7.41, 3.12, 28, 29. Oh, , that's not that great. That's like nearly 24 hours. No follow-up done there either. Yeah, no, that's not good. There's March 31st at 4.56, 4.57, so he was on top of that one. Which is good. 7, and then just... decided to take the day off, apparently. So that's not good either.
xavier kelly: And she responded straight away too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and she gave a good response there.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I also see that you're  responding a lot more.
xavier kelly: Yeah, it's just me today. So this is the chick I sold. And yeah, I'm just trying to get her set up.
Kyle Musca: He's done a follow-up without even asking her a question. That's really not good. 9.24, 9.35. Yeah, see, I wouldn't do this  because he's not asking her a question.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's just like... You're with me, but it's just like, like, hey, Melita, just saw you were interested in looking at losing some weight, so I thought I'd jump in and see if I can help you. And I'm like, I actually start the conversation. He's just doing a follow-up, which is lazy.
xavier kelly: Your friend.
Kyle Musca: So April 2nd, 621, two hours, not too bad there.
xavier kelly: Maybe now, maybe.
Kyle Musca: I'm trying to find where he's actually there. Potentially April 2nd at 12.08 to our response time there. Yes, sounds amazing. April 1st, 11 p.m. at night. So that's not horrendous, I guess. 11.24. You had a fair few people saying that they were keen here.
xavier kelly: Yeah, on the thing, there's 400 people that said they've been interested.
Kyle Musca: Oh, definitely go through them and do the magic hat. What does this guy say? Idiot. Yeah, I don't like looking at the damn smell. There's so many  idiots at it. They responded to this one. Well, we can actually, let's just filter this so we can actually  see. What did we say, potentially?
xavier kelly: Interested and not interested.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's 4.21. Yeah, that's the whole day later. Reply to this girl.
xavier kelly: He's begging for it too.
Kyle Musca: Very doable, trust me. Trust me, you just should never use. Oh, this is a guy, Stefan. Yeah, like this guy's obviously waiting for a reply back. I mean, 6.37, not terrible there. He just doesn't seem to be having many conversations, man. Like, he's in there and replies back, like, once or twice. Like, this is the only thing I ever see him  say. Like, this guy never got replied back to.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I think I said, if you see an Indian name, just skip it.
Kyle Musca: I mean, that's his job, though. Like,  chat to him, see if they have a job. Indians can be time-wasters, but sometimes they will buy it. Yeah, I mean, like, so what's that? It's 5.06, two-hour difference there. The responses are a bit delayed. 5.27, yeah, they're usually at least... 6.15, 7. Like, just seems to sort of get in here at certain times of the day, reply back. There's no real follow-up as well, you know what mean? Like, these people have all said they're interested in coaching and he sends the first message, but there's no follow-up after that.
xavier kelly: What would you say the best thing for me to do is advice-wise?
Kyle Musca: For the setter or for you?
xavier kelly: For the setter and for me to advise him and, you know, like, direction, like, hey, you need to do this better.
Kyle Musca: So, one thing is there should always be... Um, there should always be more follow-ups being done. So like if you, there should be at least four being done. Here's a, um, so you can see on this script, it has the follow-ups every, every single one. Follow-ups.
xavier kelly: Yep.
Kyle Musca: So he needs to follow up more. He probably needs to be faster replying, which is again, a little bit hard if it's commission-based because he's not technically in there any set hours. It's just when he, is he in there set hours?
xavier kelly: No.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's just when he gets around to it, but then you get to, like, this would have been late at night to be fair. So I'm not going to give him  for that. Like that's five o'clock. think that's my time. So it's about seven o'clock Queensland. 30th of March. then it didn't get back till 6am the next day. I mean. Like he doesn't, he's probably working through the day from what it looks like, but people are going to be messaging it on their phones, you know, from  5 p.m. through to 10 p.m. night, you know what I mean? Like this was never replied back to. So 10.48 in the morning, I didn't get a reply until 3 p.m. in the afternoon. 29th of March at 10 p.m. the next day. So I can still be like, I'm going give  for that. You should also not do this, where it's just like they... If he's going to do a follow-up after the many chat flow, needs to actually say something, you know what mean? Yeah, even like, you know, hey, Becky, sounds like you don't have heaps of weight to lose, which is awesome. I guess what's your ultimate goal at the moment? You know what mean? Just start conversation. This doesn't start conversation. This is just like annoying. Yeah, so 5.14, 5.14, didn't get back to 12, 12 p.m. 9 a.m., 3 p.m. No, so that's a whole day later from that one, 28th to 17th, 29th, yeah. So they're just way too delayed, which is the problem. So one thing I would probably do, like even for you specifically, man, is I would just keep your finger on the pulse and kind of outdo them in a way. You know what I mean? You have ManyChat open up all day, have it filtered by, you know, the main ones that you do need to tag by, whether it's  finish flow qualified or lead mag.
xavier kelly: And just stay on top of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: I can actually visibly see it.
Kyle Musca: Just so you can do it and add some competition to them because it's like if you're booking calls, it's taken away from him. Like, well, if I'm having to, you know, these two, that's what I'd have. And then it's like, you know, brother, people are in here. And if he drops one message or something in the chat that you handle most of it and just be like, well, no, you did nothing for it. I'm not paying you for that. You know, you can either  start doing your job or, you know, you're not getting paid. Yeah. Yeah. Because I would say that is probably also contributing to things. It's just, yeah, slow response time and not much effort being put into those responses at all. I didn't even see an actual conversation he had. He just, it was just the first introductory message every time. And they're still with me if they didn't follow, they didn't even, they didn't. Oh. Oh. Um, let get rid of this. Yeah, it's literally just these three things every time. Yeah. No conversations being had. Completely missed this conversation. He needs to stop saying the word, trust me. Didn't get back to this person.
xavier kelly: There seems to be a lot of that, yeah. I think I'm kind of just putting my faith in the setters and I'm not actually on top of it in the sense that, like, I need to be. And it's kind of lazy, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: No follow-ups at all being done. Like, I haven't seen a single follow-up being done. Uh, again, then people were. He just doesn't reply back to them. I'm not in a position, so fair enough, but on 29th, 10pm, and then next day, still with me, which annoys me. Same thing there, same thing there. I've already seen something, so I'm coming down a little bit further. Even further, let's go back. Yeah, see, I mean, like, there's people actually in here, that's actually annoying. There's people, there's multiple people in here that showed actual interest, and he just hasn't replied back to them. And I would probably say, if we've taken 10 minutes to have a look at this and found this many, you've probably had dozens and dozens of people that would've probably converted into calls that just weren't taken care of.
xavier kelly: Yeah. That's obviously in college. work eight hours a week, though.
Kyle Musca: I still work eight hours at a desk a week on somewhere on my server. I mean, it's not a great sign, but the guy should have still, you know, conversated with him.
xavier kelly: Yeah, just to do it as reps.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you should just be, you know, not leaving any stone unturned. 22, yeah, that was a two-day gap. I've called off to this so we can spend some more time on it. Sweet. Yeah, that's fine. You know, 9am, yeah, the fastest response time I've seen him do is two hours. Again, no follow-ups. So, I mean, that's going to help you, I guess, in the sense that you can go run this magic hat, and again, you should hopefully stare up these leads again. But again, I've seen more conversations being left unanswered than he has actually replied to them. Girl isn't his favourites. This is why I'm not a big fan of commission-based appointment setters at all, because when you overpay for them, and they usually just don't really care as much. But again, the alternative is you pay them a flat rate, and we need to generate sales before we can really properly look at that.
xavier kelly: Yeah, no, I definitely just get some  $7 an hour, $6 an hour first if I do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, that's what my setters are. I pay them $6 USD an hour, and I've trained them well, and they're very attentive.
xavier kelly: They do their job great. Yeah, I mean, I can probably do that in, like, two weeks, right, because I should have, I think I've probably made, like, $20,000 this month in solar, and that should come in. And then I've, like, I've got my Sony camera, my other thing that I'm selling, so I get, like, $3 an
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah.
xavier kelly: So there should be money to do that with. And then I can just get instantly into a, cause I'm going to be in Bali in 10 days. Right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So, mean, the thing with you is like, we just need to get the ball rolling. We just need to have the conversions converting. Yeah. Like you've gotten on the sales calls and you've closed them, which is fantastic. But again, reading from what we're looking at here, I would say there's so many leads that like, the system's just not very optimized at all. know what I mean? Like the funnel's there. It's just got a lot of  gaps and leaks in it because predominantly from seeing it, I think it's probably a setting issue more than anything.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because you've had plenty of lead flow. They just haven't converted to calls.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm looking for a coach potential. Again, some of these people are quite high intent. She just said she is looking for a coach. Probably not in the next three months, but, like, yeah. Again, there's always ways you can move them forward.
xavier kelly: Yeah. I'm just on it right now, and I've set many chat notifications, and I'm just pumping the messages right now. Definitely finding the right foods that I enjoy, actually, because I'm supposed to be here. He's on it. He's messaging. I'll tell him to handle it. Um, yeah, he's on that. Oh, there you are. Um, yeah, so I guess while I'm in Bali, what's your thoughts on posting whilst in Bali and not  it up? Because last time I went to Bali, I completely  up my algorithm. Just, do you just schedule it through meta?
Kyle Musca: What, how did it  up your algorithm?
xavier kelly: Well, I just posted a video on the Bali IP. And then after that, I was just like, not getting a single, like I was, but it wasn't really good. I any of interviews that I was beforehand.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I do for that, I've added a VPN for mine for that specific reason because I'm in Thailand. That seems to have helped. You know what mean? Because when you do the research and , it reckons it doesn't  go off your location. Technically, your location still is, like, mine's still in Thailand. Like, it still says when I post, I'm in Thailand. But I do agree. It definitely does. So it seems to have picked up a bit since I've added that VPN, again, whether or not it actually changes much.
xavier kelly: What about, like, scheduling on meta on your computer and then having it posted from a schedule instead of posting it directly? I'm pretty sure that doesn't do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but then you kind of run with the same issue because, again, meta doesn't say that it affects reach or anything. But then any time I've ever seen someone schedule posts, the posts always flop.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I don't No. Yeah. I saw a video recently of a guy who works for Instagram and he said that it actually is better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: I just don't want a bunch of Indonesians , you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I do for mine is I, one, have the VPN and then I put the location as Melbourne as well.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like when I actually do post, I put the location.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't pull away from posting just because, you know, it's better to get some volume than no volume.
xavier kelly: Yeah. No, I'll still post. It'll be easy because I'll just, it's just cooking recipes on a bloody wooden chopping board in the villa, right? So you can't even tell that I'm anywhere. And then I'll just, I'll try schedule it on. I might schedule some posts while I'm here to see how that goes. And if that works.
Kyle Musca: His first follow-up was awesome. I'm being ghosted. And then, again, this chick as well. She said she's from Leviton, but she's sitting at desk working eight hours.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Leviton, the average wage is like $300 a month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But, you know, she's gotten the... Oh, true, actually, because this is not from NAD. True. Still don't. He could have entertained it. He could have asked a harder... Financial qualification. I have a coach.
xavier kelly: No, I had a guy from Lebanon, and he was a doctor. He couldn't even afford it. So it's just like I told him, just at any time you see anyone from, like, Lebanon or any of those countries, unless it's Kuwait or UAE, Saudi, then get rid of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: But if they're in, like, Bahrain or anything like that, just sack it off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, and there's just so many messages he's just left on the red. It doesn't even seem like you've read that he's followed up. Oh, yeah. I mean, if it was me, I would probably sack the set over. Yeah, I've literally seen him not reply to more messages than he's replied to. How long have you been in Bali for?
xavier kelly: A long time.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, then you'd have to get over the post.
Kyle Musca: I just have a VPN. just got, yeah. Yeah. To be honest, man, after reading that, I think that, yeah, you've probably let a lot of  clients slip through the cracks because of that setting issue, which is frustrating as. So, I mean, what you can do, six USD to a, how much are paying him at the moment per close?
xavier kelly: 10 cent.
Kyle Musca: 8.72 times, let's go, 6.52 times, 7.364. So, let's say you get one sale, what's your core package you're selling?
xavier kelly: Pop package, 3K, the one. The that is 2.2, and the one below that's 1,500.
Kyle Musca: USD?
xavier kelly: AUD, so 3,000 Australian, 2.2K Australian or 1,500 Australian for three months.
Kyle Musca: Realistically, you're probably paying him 220 odd at least per client. And then you've got to take into consideration all the clients that you probably haven't, like all the lost income that you would have missed out on. Because that's horrendous. Like that was like literally within the last five or six days. was within the last week, all those messages we just checked. And that was a time period where you were getting , you know, if we come into this part, and we look at, you know, when we've gotten a good amount of messages through. Yeah, this one, for example, 56, 82. So it's like, those are the numbers that aren't making sense. Like that's, what's that? That's 130 people, 140 odd people just on that one alone who said that they're interested in getting a coach. You've got no calls booked out or barely any calls booked out of it. That is just a huge  gap. 37, 71. So that's another 100. So we've got 240 people, 24, 50, sorry, 40. So another 60. So 300 people that have come through that, that one alone that said they were interested in coaching. Yeah, he didn't book any calls.
xavier kelly: Yeah, it needs to be up, doesn't it? I get like a little bad about... That, you know, I try to be so nice to people. So I'm like always  when it comes to being rough on people and like sacking.
Kyle Musca: You're a business owner at end of the day. Like if they wanted a  job, then they'd work, they'd put in the work. Like it's not a hard job. You know what mean? Just  reply to messages when you come through. It's not  crazy difficult. And, you know, don't make the mistake of being, you know, too nice. Because, again, that would have costed you  tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars in lost income.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah, you're right. You are right.
Kyle Musca: And off cold advertising, just going up meta's cost per result, which is not an accurate sort of way of tracking leads by any means. But even off that, the lowest like industry average is about 10% conversion ratio. So the conversation is starting to put calls 10%. I mean, if we're basing it. This is like warmer intent. Warmer people, they know who you are, I've messaged through and directly said that they're interested in coaching 300 of those people. Even based off that, you should have had a minimum of 30 calls booked. And that's conservative.
xavier kelly: So what do you think the minimum amount I need? And if I do get a setter through your contact, is that easy to train up and get them clued in?
Kyle Musca: I've got all the trainings for it. So Clemé is really good because she handles the people, like she finds the setters for you and she manages the account and everything and the times and everything for her. So with her, it's $6 and then $25 USD per close.
xavier kelly: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Or we can look at sourcing one through like Upwork or something like that, which I've done for another client and it's working really well for him. The only issue there is like you just deal with them directly. Your scheduling is going to be pretty easy.
xavier kelly: It's going to be like four or five.
Kyle Musca: And then, so usually that's like maybe six or seven USD flat.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But in saying that, you could also  chat to them again, especially through Upwork, you could chat to them about, you know, maybe doing a hybrid model or something like that. So maybe, yeah, again, just depends, but.
xavier kelly: Yeah. So weekly with a set of what's that usually add up as like 400 USD a week or something?
Kyle Musca: No. So based off the six hours I did before, it'd be about 364 bucks. Australian.
xavier kelly: A week.
Kyle Musca: For six hours a day. That's six hours, seven days a week as well, which you probably wouldn't get.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It'd probably be more like five. So probably more like 260.
xavier kelly: Okay. Well then, yeah, I'll try to get that done this week. I owe you first.
Kyle Musca: In terms of getting a setter on board?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I already have a setter if you want to chat to her. Oh, no, I haven't used her or anything like that, but, like, I was going to use her. Yeah, that'd be good. I don't think it was Louise. She's done up for a message at the end of the day because someone else is going to use it. But I can pass along a contact for you. And I've got all the training and stuff like that as well. So I'll be able to just send her over there and she'll be able to know exactly what to do. And the reason I'm using her is because she's actually followed up with me. So she's already better than your guy. What I'll do is I'll go send her a message now and I'll try and tease something up.
xavier kelly: Thank you. All right. I am. I do. I've got to go. I've to hop on a call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. All right, bro. All right. Yeah. Try and get some of those CCS up and just came to see how the direct intent stuff goes, but I'll shoot you through a contact.
xavier kelly: Thank you, bro. I appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: All right. Cheers. See ya. Ciao.


>>> 148/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-02T06:59:32Z | id:134845145
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Oh, yeah. Cool. Yeah.
Asha: All right. Run me through. So I've made $6,000, just over $6,000 this week. So I had another 6K week. I have had a lot of calls. I'm so bad at this  call tracker thing. But a lot of the calls that have been booked in are just coming in organically from them doing the inquiry form, which is great. And then, obviously, I'm still reaching out to the girls as well. What is my day like tomorrow?
Kyle Musca: As in they're just like self-booking themselves in?
Asha: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Fantastic. Has anything changed?
Asha: Which been really good. So I've made some changes. Also, I've had a few girls not show up to the call. And I know. Why? I kind of  up my calendly time zone. So it wasn't connecting to everyone's time zone. And it was like 10.30 a.m. my time, them thinking it was their time. And then like I've had a few people from like Germany and like America and everything, and they haven't made it to the call. They're like, it says it's tomorrow. Like when they booked it, they thought it was the next day. And I went in and fixed all of that. But the changes with the calls, I think I had a two-week gap there where it was like from when, like two weeks with the booking page. So it was giving them too much time. And obviously, it'd get to like a week or whatever. And they'd be like,  this, cancel it. So I've only given them seven days. And I've opened up a few more calls as well. So that's obviously working. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, fantastic. I mean, that's, that's obviously a very good thing. Now we have to be confronted with whether or not we want to direct them to DMs.
Asha: We just keep them in the application. I because this week's gone really well, just with those slight changes that I made. So what do you think we do? Do we, like, trial it out for another week? Obviously, it's a little bit annoying because there's, like, public holidays and  as well.
Kyle Musca: Like, no one's booked tomorrow when I have bookings.
Asha: And, like, I don't even know.
Kyle Musca: I also think what could have been happening through that gap is March just seemed like a very low intent sort of month for a lot of people. Like, in my account and other accounts. You'll notice that people do get, like, there's time periods where, for whatever reason, you know, people just aren't in the mindset to do something like this. Whether it's, like, you know, environmental with, you know, people freaking out about fuel costs and  in Australia, for example. Or, you know, it could just be periodical, like, because I didn't even think about Easter, but, like, a lot of normal, you know, working people do think about Easter. So, like, it could have been that, for example. Like, it literally just didn't. It even slip my mind because I don't really have public holidays. I literally just spoke to my client.
Asha: I was like, babe, I work every day of the year. Like, I don't know when it's a public holiday. Like, it means nothing. And same for you. You're just like, oh, okay, these people are having days off. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, so it's like that could be it. But, again, like what I find usually tends to break that is like a time point. So, for example, we've moved into April.
Asha: So, hopefully, that snaps people out of it a bit. Let me see.
Kyle Musca: Now, I guess the other question there is are they, are they, let me see here, if they don't self-book in the call, are they replying to your messages better?
Asha: A couple of them. So, what did I do? I think I changed something else up as well. I have to get back to Leeds today. I haven't done. So, Georgia Campbell, what did I say to her? No, she just booked a call, Brooke.
Kyle Musca: I think for Ava.
Asha: So, hey?
Kyle Musca: I'm just like looking at the chat with Ava.
Asha: Yeah, I haven't even seen what she said.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. No, we're just talking. She sent me three of the signs.
Asha: Did you sign four people yesterday?
Kyle Musca: Five people.
Asha: Four people this week.
Kyle Musca: Four people this week. Okay. So that's, that's definitely very solid.
Asha: And I had, I had one girl, sorry, I keep cutting you off. I had one girl message me. She's like, what's, I just want to know the pricing, like very blunt, short girl. And I was like, hey girl, like it's different depending on each client, rah, rah, personalize that kind of spiel that I give them. She's like, is it at home workouts or gym? And I was like, it can be whatever you like. And she's like, I'm on a tight budget. Like I don't have a lot of money. I think she said that to me maybe two weeks ago when I followed her up at the start of the week. And she's like, I was like, look, the cheapest one I can do would be around like the $90 mark. And then I just sent her a link for $92 and she purchased without a call or anything.
Kyle Musca: So I was like, yeah, cool.
Asha: I was like, you're probably going to waste my time. So that was one of the four. And then the other three, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Before we move on that, remove cheap from your vocabulary. My most affordable option is X, Y, Z.
Asha: Oh, no, I didn't say that. I didn't say that. I'm just like, kind of just talking about it too. But no, I wouldn't. I said, I think I definitely said affordable. But no, I didn't say cheap.
Kyle Musca: That sounds very bad. Yeah. Cheap is just like, in our Western language, cheap is just associated with low quality.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I mean, that's the weird thing. There are just some very direct buyers. Sorry, keep going.
Asha: There are just some direct buyers where, you know, they seem like you're just not going to get them, but then like, they actually do. So, I mean, that's a happy medium there, I guess. Yeah. And I was like, oh, cool. Well, that's a weekly like paying client. Because I was like, if this girl. I was already on me and ah-ring at not wanting to pay a lot of money. I'm not going to be able to get her on a call like, oh, here's this upfront payment. So I was like, pay this, and she did it. So that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, that's probably, if they're really adamant about that, and they already seem like it's just a lost cause, I mean, obviously, I don't want to pull the trigger too much.
Asha: But if it's just like, you know, you wouldn't even want to get on the call with them type thing, it's like, that's probably the best bet there. Yeah. Yeah. But no, I've had a really good week. I feel like something that's changed, maybe it's my confidence from the calls with Tommy, but he sent me a script where it's got like, when we're talking about their current.
Kyle Musca: Oh. Hang on.
Asha: Like they want to lose, it's like, describe a 10 out of 10. Can you hear me?
Kyle Musca: It's cutting out, but I think it's coming back. Oh. No, still struggling. There we go. Hang on. No, I think that's better. Yeah, I think we're good now.
Asha: Oh, I think I've just tried to connect it to something else. Hang on. A little bit. Yeah. Can you hear me?
Kyle Musca: still connected. So yeah.
Asha: Yep. Okay. Perfect. Um, what was I saying? Oh yeah. He told me to do, to ask a question to describe their 10 out of 10 body. And I guess like I'm referring back to that more, following the script that little bit more, because obviously I'm having more practice. with these calls. Or maybe these girls are just more interested. Like, I don't know what it is, but I'm just hoping come next week, I can keep like the same flow going. Obviously I would love to do like a minimum of 6k per week. Um, but yeah, learning curves, I guess. This is all very different to what I do, but I'm happy with the progress, although it feels kind of.
Kyle Musca: Slow, like it's definitely making better progress. The thing with this, like one thing I've really noticed, you know, working with so many different people, is like this is the hardest sort of part to get. Like realistically, you just want to think of it as like a machine or a ball. And like the hardest thing about it is just getting the thing rolling. And then once it's rolling, it should be smooth from there. So it's like, and usually there's like hiccups along the way. Ours has just been like the conversion issue of actually getting these girls on calls, which seems like it has actually improved, which is fantastic.
Asha: How many total calls have been booked this week? Oh, yeah. And I was going to tell you the message I've been sending to girls. But let me go into my calendar. So this week, if we look at non-clients, one, two, three, four, five, six. What? 11 were booked.
Kyle Musca: Okay, that's very solid.
Asha: About four were no-shows, and I have two more girls on Saturday to talk to.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And the girls that no-showed, was that because of the Calendly time issue, or has that been fixed since then?
Asha: I think one girl I was talking to all last week, she ghosted me. Another girl I sent a message two hours before our call being like, Hey, babe, can't wait to talk to you. Just the standard one that, like, obviously we've spoken about sending. She read the message, never showed up to the call. Another girl, when I sent her the message, she was like, oh, it says the call's tomorrow. So that's when I was like, okay, I've heard, like, few girls, like, even girls that I've got on the calls, they're like, Oh, like it did say this, but I had time now, so I've jumped on the call, but I think I've heard it from like maybe three girls in the past week, so I was like, , like I've clearly done something wrong with the settings. But yeah, about, I literally just forgot your question, I've had so much caffeine today, I'm so sorry. My brain's buzzing.
Kyle Musca: No, it was about the girls that didn't show, where there was the time issue, which it does sound like it was probably the time issue.
Asha: I think it was, but one of the girls, the one that read my message, like literally a minute after I sent it to her, I don't know, I guess she got cold feet, but I messaged her again when I was on the call, I was like, hey babe, are coming?
Kyle Musca: Nothing, so.
Asha: Yeah, I mean, you get some weird. don't know.
Kyle Musca: The other thing with the thing is, I wouldn't, it's a little bit trickier when they self-book, but I wouldn't book them anywhere further than three days out, because.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You'll, you'll experience like a high no-show rate and cancellation rate.
Asha: Do you want me to even change it to be three days?
Kyle Musca: Um, well, this is the issue with the self-booking is like, because again, like if they don't have an option to book, then they just won't, you know what Like, obviously. So it's like, then you have to rely on reaching out. You kind of almost want them to book in and then just to have the automation and touch base with them and stuff leading up to the call. Yeah. they're self-booking.
Asha: And do you think I should offer more hours? Ew. Sorry, there's a bug. Um, ew, it's under my nail. Should I offer more hours, more availability within the calls that are there just for the next couple of weeks to see if that also helps? Or I'm like, I don't want to be too available and it looks like I'm not busy enough, you know?
Kyle Musca: Um, like when you say more availability, like what are your car now and set up?
Asha: So I do calls Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. So I've got kind of like little split shift kind of things. I've got 10 till 1.30 Monday and then 4 till 6. Wednesday, 10 till 3. And then 5 till 7. Thursday, 10 till 3. Friday, 2 till 5. And then Saturday, 10 till 1. Kind of just to work around like everything else that I've got or is a little bit too sporadic?
Kyle Musca: Because the only issue I see there is like most people are going to want to book calls when they're not at work, which is usually after like 5.
Asha: Yeah. But see, I'm getting a lot of girls Monday and Wednesday booking in the morning calls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like it just depends on what they have for a job, which is kind of like hard to answer that one. Because like most people would work like 9 to 5.
Asha: But, you know.
Kyle Musca: Obviously, they can't take a call during those times most of the time.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it just depends on if you're open to taking calls later in the day.
Asha: I mean, because I'm up so early, I feel like my brain, like even when you and I have a call at this time, I'm like holding on by a thread to even string a sentence. Well, that's me most of the time, to be honest. But I'm like, do I, I don't know, do I change it so I have a couple available from like 7 a.m. and see if girls will jump on then or like, you know, maybe I can have a couple evenings where I do 4 till 7 or something. Like I just kind of want to see what gets more people in. But this new breakup on Monday and Wednesday, like I'm getting a minimum of like 4 to 5 calls Monday and Wednesday between the 10 and 1.30.
Kyle Musca: I mean, the option, it depends on how much you value a call. I mean, the option there is you could just open your calendar right up and just see when people book in.
Asha: Yeah. I'm kind of happy to do that. Because at this point, I'm like, well, if they're booking, that's good. If I can, you know, I feel like for the amount of girls I spoke to this week, I got three sales, which is better than one the past couple of weeks. So I'm kind of like, do I just work my schedule around the calls, which I can do? I have a very flexible schedule.
Kyle Musca: So, again, we're just, keep in mind as well, we're kind of in the trench work at the moment. Because it's like, once we can be things up and rolling for you, and we have enough cash flow and reliability coming through the business, then it's like, then we can step into ads, which means we can also have setters into your account, which means that, you know, your main job is then just creating content and then taking sales calls.
Asha: Yeah. So, you know what, while we're on here, I'm literally going to do, so my only thing is as well, I'm getting a lot of girls from Melbourne and Sydney. So they're already an hour ahead. So I feel like I'd even have to start my calls at like 7 a.m.
Kyle Musca: because that's 8 a.m. their time already. Hey, wait. Yeah, but that works out for late at night because it means you can take calls at 4 p.m., which is 5 p.m.
Asha: their time. So you think open more up in the evening?
Kyle Musca: Again, it just depends on how much a call is worth to you because calls will, like people will want to book in the evening more after work.
Asha: So what if I have Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday? , see, I don't know how to do it. Do I just go 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Kyle Musca: Monday to Friday and see what happens? If you're willing to take calls that late, then, yeah, you could.
Asha: I guess who's at the moment?
Kyle Musca: Again, just to test it, you know what I mean? But that's the issue with the self-booking thing is like you can't actually chat to them and like figure out a time that works for both of you. It's just sort of like you have to rely on a time magically being available for them.
Asha: Yeah, I might do, I might do a little morning and evening, just so it's not the same every day, and just to see what I get more of. Oh, why don't I have Tuesday? Tuesday, let's go, okay, let's see how this is. Thursday, well, now.
Kyle Musca: How many, so you've taken six calls and you closed four, three?
Asha: Three, yeah. Okay. Because one of those was just messages.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's a solid conversion ratio.
Asha: I mean, we're sitting at 50%. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it definitely seems like the call with Tommy helped. Are you feeling more confident on them now?
Asha: So much more confident. you. Um, I think my biggest thing was if you tell me stick to the script, it's like, I don't know how to, I think I messaged this to you. I don't know how to use my initiative. And like, while they're saying stuff on the call, I kind of, and females love to  talk. Like we love to just ramble. So it's kind of like, I let them ramble for too long and I don't jump in and I don't ask questions where I should to kind of make what I'm trying to ask them more valuable for me and more emotional. So then they kind of ramble and I'm like, okay, cool. Next question. Like I'm too, like, I didn't have the confidence to just be like, you can just naturally ask a few other questions in there as well.
Kyle Musca: And I've noticed that's definitely helped. Yeah. Yeah. And I think Tommy mentioned he spoke to you about as well is, um, just setting the standard from the call at the very start being like, I've got a hard chat. Like let's dive right in.
Asha: Yeah. You also asked a question that I don't even think I responded to you. So something about the 30-minute time slot.
Kyle Musca: Should I open that up to be an hour or like 45 minutes or something? Well, it just depends on how quick you're getting through these calls. So like Tommy can do them in half an hour because he's very experienced and just gets through it very quickly. But it's like doing it for half an hour, if you've got a call booked afterward, like you don't want to be rushing it and then have to cut it short and then try and rush to the second one. And then, you know, the second one's a dud and the first one would have actually been potential and everything like that. I would probably give yourself at least 45 minutes, but even when I do them, I usually block out an hour so I can spend the time on them properly.
Asha: I have had two in the last, like it's gone over like maybe 10 minutes and like five minutes into it or like, you know, five, 10 minutes before the call, I message the girl. Like while I'm on the call, I'm like, hey, running late. And I'm like, , this is actually so bad. I'm just like, oh, calls run over. But I think, can I do it on my phone? Duration. I might change it to 45 minutes moving forward because I'd say they're no longer than, they're never, oh, well, it depends. But now that I'm like kind of cutting them off, not cutting them off, but asking other questions, it kind of stops them from going on their tangent. So I think maybe I'll try 45 minutes and see how that works. Oh, and that's what I was going to say too. , I've just lost the message. Who did I message? Oh, so I switched up the message because again, I guess I was trying to figure out what was like less salesy or what was less pushy. And I've just gone with, so this is a girl I sent a message to. Hey, Amelia, it's Asha from IG. And then I've got in there like coach. by Asha. Even though you said to do like Asha.Athony, I was like, surely they'll know like coach by Asha. And then I've just got a love heart there. And I've got, I just saw your inquiry come through. What made you reach out? So I have got a few responses from that. And I think I'm going to continue to do that. I also like a couple of the girls I spoke to this week when it came to like sending them the link, the Newey link. I'm like, oh, like I sent you a message this morning. They're like, oh, I never got one. And I was like, oh, let me check. And I was like, oh, is this your number?
Kyle Musca: They're like, yeah. They're like, oh, yeah, you did message me. I don't know if people just don't check messages or. I think it would just be that.
Asha: Yeah. Or they're just like, oh, what's this number?
Kyle Musca: Like, it can't be , you know? Yeah. I miss texts all the time. Like if you text me on my phone, I've probably been checking. I like checking.
Asha: Oh my God. No, so do I.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's the, again, the issue with, especially today's. Um, you know, demographic, we just don't check our texts as much, like we're on Instagram or something like that. Um, yeah. Have you been messaging them through Instagram as well?
Asha: So the girls who will say, I think we put the option of like, if you're not in Australia, if you're on WhatsApp, Instagram, whatever, like what's your handle? I will, if they put their, um, yeah, if put their handle in there, I will send them a message. I'm only hearing back from a couple of them. And one of the girls that I did message is one of the ones that ghosted me. And I was like, we were literally talking two hours ago, but okay. I just find that so weird how people do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I usually get pissed off when they do that, but.
Asha: Do you say something?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Uh, it depends on the situation, kind of like what I am, but yeah. Um, yeah. Just cause it's like, have some courtesy to let, let someone know you're not going to make you a  loser.
Asha: Um, yeah. And even the pre-call video, like, I'm like, Oh, Hey guys, like make. Make sure you watch this. Normally, I'll be like, oh, cool. So did you get a chance to watch the prequel video? No, I didn't. Okay. I'm just going to  myself. No worries.
Kyle Musca: Well, I changed my, so the day before message for me now, I changed it to instead of, can you confirm you're still good for it to, hey, just checking my calendar, can confirm we're good at 4 p.m. Have you had a chance to look through the video yet? Mm. So instead of like asking them to confirm, it sort of gives them the natural reminder, but then tells them to watch that. Because if they watch that, it's like very likely they'll show up to the call.
Asha: Yeah. What else was I just going to say? Oh, I know we spoke about this a couple of weeks ago, but I kind of changed up my Instagram feed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've also gained 10,000 followers in the last 30 days, which is crazy. Very nice.
Asha: It'll be. nice if that was converting to $10,000 a week, but we'll get there.
Kyle Musca: It comes.
Asha: Oh, wait. So it's a little bit different on, I haven't, I've been very busy on the computer today, but my feed.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, with the food and stuff. Yeah. Very nice.
Asha: With the food and trying to make it not all the same stuff. I only did it down to, I forget that you're always on your laptop. So on my phone, it's obviously a little bit more structured with, like, kind of a consistent three row.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Asha: But yeah, more workouts, less mirror shots, more food.
Kyle Musca: As in, like, you've just gone back and changed the thumbnail type thing, or have you actually posted different? Yeah.
Asha: No, not so much changing the content, but I'm also, like, trying to ensure that those call to actions, like. What was my recent one that I did? The one yesterday in the green bikini. No, not that one. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. How many applications did you get over the last week?
Asha: I don't know if it's easier to...
Kyle Musca: Then, one thing is, I would just start pumping CTAs.
Asha: Like, have you noticed? Yeah, I haven't put a CTA out in about two days, but when I do, I always get a good three or four.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, have noticed, like, when Amber does them? She just, she does them really well. Like, Amber does just natural, organic content really, really well.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you'll notice... She has them up almost like probably daily almost.
Asha: Like every time I check her story, it's fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. CTA. And yeah, like, yeah, so where I was going with that. Like when you're checking stories and stuff like that, like you're not really taking that much in. So it's like if someone does post them, you know, daily or every second day kind of thing, it's like it's not like you actually really notice, especially when, you know, you know that they are a coach. And if anything, it just makes them look more like a coach because they're actually promoting their coaching. services, if that makes sense. Have you frozen? What's going on here? There we go. Back. For some reason, you're muted now. Wait, you hear me?
Asha: Yeah, I can hear you.
Kyle Musca: All right, perfect. Yeah, so I wouldn't like.
Asha: Give me a second. Oh, sorry.
Kyle Musca: What were you saying? Oh, yeah. Just to finish off that. I wouldn't, like, spam them every single day, but, like, as long as you're getting other type of content up as well, you know, like, you can throw them in there for sure. And then transformations. And then even stuff like this, you know, five things I did to stop bloating. See if there's any search. Yeah, I do like.
Asha: I did a good one the other day with some really good transformations from my girls.
Kyle Musca: Three mistakes. See that? I like this one. Yeah.
Asha: Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah. I popped one in here.
Kyle Musca: In this, in the one I'm looking at?
Asha: Yeah. I think it's the next one. Oh, I probably should have moved it up higher. I thought I put it up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, there. Yeah, perfect. Yeah, so, like, when you do them in the dumps and... Even just, like, it'd even be worthwhile doing some, like, more educational, not educational-style ones, but, like, again, let's see another carousel she's done. 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 8, 5. So, yeah, pretty decent. 9, 8, 5. 8, 8, sorry. So, yeah, she doesn't seem to get too much of a drop-off at all, but, yeah, just more of these, yeah.
Asha: She also looks so good at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but 5 things I immediately stopped doing. If I was bloated slash inflamed, when did she post this?
Asha: 20 minutes ago.
Kyle Musca: So, that one didn't do as well. I probably wouldn't, you know, copy that one. But this one did a lot better.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This is just a full day of eating.
Asha: Yeah. And whenever I post those, they do really well. I've actually been taking some photos this week of my meals, so I need to get that one out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Then you might, you know, because again, you could even through, like, let's say you did that, and then just at the end here, have a transformation, social proof. If this is exactly the types of foods my girls eat, to lose 8 to 10 kilos over 12 weeks. If you want help doing the same, DM me  CBA.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or go apply for coaching or wherever you want to direct them to.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. But I think your feet's coming along really, really nicely. Like, it looks very coaching orientated.
Asha: It's got a good mix of workout. But before it was just, this is a girl, like a fitness influencer.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, yeah. Yeah. Like it's just geared more towards that. Have you got much of a community, like group chat stuff going?
Asha: Have we spoken about that before? That's one thing that I struggle with. And I had, so I've started running a little prize in my community chat and two girls won it. They came with ties. I was like, cool. I'm to send you guys. I think that's what was on my story before the subs and stuff I had on there. Um, and then I had one of my girls message me two days ago. She was like, Hey, Ashley, I don't want you to think I'm being greedy or anything. I'm just trying to like help motivate the girls in the group. was like, no, I love that so much. Like go for gold. And I did what you said with like posting girls who were doing really well, their before and afters being their Kuiper up. Um, it's very sporadic for who jumps in and who posts it. Um, but I think next week or even from today, I can just obviously try. I make sure I'm in there daily as well because I do slip off there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You'll have to be the one that drives it as well. So I don't even have like a – do you use a software or anything like that to help you with your admin stuff, like a website or anything?
Asha: What do you mean?
Kyle Musca: So, for example, I use Notion for my stuff.
Asha: Oh, yeah, I do have Notion. So Ava sets up stuff when it comes to like onboarding and everything for me, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I mean like that's – so I use – basically I only use Notion for like reminders and  like that for my admin tasks. But that's something you might want to do is like even build out like a weekly or a task or to-do thing, you know what mean? Like every second day you drop something in the group chat to encourage conversation or, you every Monday I have a thing that goes off that reminds me to do a Monday motivation post. But you could do this – what I would recommend you doing this as well is, you know, having this as, you know, every Monday you do a hard. CTA in your story. Every Tuesday, you do a questionnaire in your story. Every Wednesday, you do a sticker tap on your story. Every Thursday, you do a social-proof CTA. You know what I mean? So it's like, and then you just reset.
Asha: So it's just the same .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like I'll have things that, you know, not for this specific one, but I will have tasks where I reset them every single week and they fire every single week just so I know reminds me to do them.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Asha: Because, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I'm just in the habit of like, I know I need to get this down to zero before I can wrap up for the day because these are all the tasks I need to do today.
Asha: Yeah, no, I love that. I definitely feel like I'd say the past maybe like three weeks, I am finding it a lot easier to just stick to a better routine with everything that I'm doing with work, with the calls, with everything. So I'm hoping it's just going to be, like you said, like we're just getting the ball rolling, finding our feet and yeah. I'm hoping said, you you you you like, I just really need to show up daily. Like, I take content every day. It's not hard for me to go into the app and spend 30 seconds writing a post and posting a photo. Like, I fully get that. So it's all kind of just coming back to me there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Asha: So, yeah, I will work on that.
Kyle Musca: Honestly, a lot of this is just like a fitness program. Like, you know, I mean, there's just daily non-negotiables that you have to get done that are the actions that drive the result. You know what I mean? And it's usually nothing, especially organic or anything like that. It's usually not overly complicated or any, you know, , you know, magic trick that's happening behind the scenes or anything like that. It's just doing the basic boring work, you know, day in, day out, essentially.
Asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. Now, is there anything specifically that you're sort of like struggling with, any issues that you're sort of facing?
Asha: I'm pretty good right now. It's just... Okay. Continuously showing up, doing the same , getting it done. Yeah, I think I'm good.
Kyle Musca: Did you end up magic-hatting all the girls that inquired for coaching?
Asha: I did. I started doing that. I think I sent about 20 messages out. And then it got to, oh, let's book in a call. Nothing. So I might do the follow-up message from there. I haven't done that. That's definitely one thing I have kind of fallen off with. I've just more so been trying to prioritize the new inquiries that are coming in. Oh, hang on. Where did I even save that on? Where is that document?
Kyle Musca: Also, did you say how many inquiries you actually got in the last week?
Asha: No. I've been trying to do  everything here. Hang on. So my girlfriend spilt her coffee. I yesterday and it got in my laptop. And I had calls yesterday too, so it was kind of like a bit of a  show. But anyway, had to get a new laptop. Oh, I don't know my password for this. Hang on. Okay, let me just see. What is this called, job form? Let's see if this is the password. I'm so bad when it comes to passwords and emails and everything. One second, I'll have to just count on here. Last week, there's been like quite a few. I don't even know how to, how do I, you know what the other thing you could do for the CTA as well? Just to really generate some interest and have the conversations.
Kyle Musca: And Instagram is when you put the CTA up, instead of saying swipe up with a DM word or anything like that, just say, if you're interested, tap this sticker and do the sticker tap.
Asha: Yeah, and then I can send them a message. Yeah, it's just a lot less. is that like, can that be automated on ManyChat?
Kyle Musca: No, unfortunately not. You'll have to manually send the message, but it's just a lot less friction. So you should get a lot more volume with it.
Asha: So should I do that, and then I can go in, send them a message, and just be like, what made you reach, not what made you reach out, but like, what made you tap the sticker or whatever? I think this is frozen. Did you hear that?
Kyle Musca: I think it froze. Yeah, I can hear the video's sort of frozen. Yeah, so what are the responses you're getting when someone messages you?
Asha: Hello?
Kyle Musca: Oh, can you hear me? Can you hear me?
Asha: This is not working.
Kyle Musca: Hello? Can you hear me?
Asha: Can you hear me?
Kyle Musca: I can hear you. Can you hear me?
Asha: Why can't I hear you?
Kyle Musca: Can you see me? No?
Asha: Hello?
Kyle Musca: All right.
Asha: Oh, wait. I can hear you now. Were you just talking to yourself for ages?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a little bit.
Asha: Sorry.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. So, yeah, what are the responses you're getting when you actually say, like, what made you, you know, apply or tap the sticker?
Asha: Wanting to lose weight, wanting to gain muscle, saying, you know, this is their specific, like, I guess it's more so like they're lacking structure. And then I'll kind of dive into, it just depends on what they say. And then I'll kind of like figure out the next step going off the DM process that you sent me. But a lot of them would say. Oh, like I just want to lose weight or I'm struggling with X, Y, Z. There haven't been too many of them. I do have, like, I haven't even contacted the girls from yesterday in the inquiry form. I feel like I'm very behind today. So normally it's a lot faster than that. But yeah, it's all a little bit different. But I think I will try the sticker call to action.
Kyle Musca: I can do one tonight even. Yeah. Before I do.
Asha: So I'm going to answer some questions and I might post a call to action before the question so it doesn't get lost.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I try and get it out before for sure. Yeah, well, it just depends on, like, the response rate. Because, like, the only thing I think there is, like, someone's like, what made you reach out or what made you do it? You kind of have to put effort into the thought of that, if that makes sense. I mean, which, or it might just be like, what do you mean? Like, I'm looking at getting a coach. They might not, like, really understand.
Asha: What I've never had a girl say that though.
Kyle Musca: Hey. Yeah. I mean, like, that's why I'm just like, it just depends on the response. Like you try it. And then, you know, if it's working and just don't, but yeah, run with it.
Asha: Do you think I could even, let's just say I do this sticker tap one directly after this call. I'll even pop up Sabrina who was in my recent dump. She's an older client who I had  six, six months or so ago. I'll pop her transformation up there. but should I even send those girls a voice note straight up?
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, if you, yeah, if it allows you to do it. Yeah, for sure.
Asha: Oh, true. Oh, um, what do you think I should say with that call, uh, with the message as well? Should I go back more to like the script that you've got? Just want to see if you have some time to answer some questions kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Um. That's the type of sticker. I'd be like, hey, yeah, hey, I just saw you. You could even just say, hey, I saw you inquired on my story looking for six girls. It depends on what you put on the actual CTA itself. But yeah, I would just reach out. Hey, I saw you in a way, however you say, interact with that story. So I thought I'd just reach out and have a chat essentially, you know, I guess.
Asha: Maybe I'll just keep it like that and then they can go from there.
Kyle Musca: would, yeah. And then just make sure you ask a question to keep the conversation moving forward. So it's like, what, what made you sort of, you know, tap the sticker or again, whatever ends up being on the actual story.
Asha: Yeah. Just say hi, their name, and then I'll go in with like a little short 15-second voice note just so they know it's me because I know girls respond a lot better to the voice notes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, definitely. Again, the more personalisation you can do, the better, especially because you're going to have that staff out. So it's like if they can get a message from you, they'll be like, oh, my God. You know what mean? So it's like, hey, Rachel, just saw you tap the sticker on my story side. I thought I'd reach out. But, you know, just curious what, again, so I'm thinking Let me just write this down. Yeah, I'm trying to think about how I've worded it in your thing. So for me, it'd like just so I have a little bit of context, like what are you sort of hoping to achieve? Or like what's your main goal with your health and fitness at the moment or something like that? Again, you just want to ask the question to actually move the conversation forward.
Asha: So, hey, Rachel, thought I'd reach out as you interacted with my story. What made you want, wait, no, that's the same. I just wrote reach out like three times, what the ?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but hey, Rachel, hey, Rachel, I just saw you tap the sticker on my story, you know, again, depends on what you put, but hey, Rachel, just saw you tap the sticker on my story about my April coaching intake, so I thought I'd reach out just to see if it's going to be a good fit or something like that, you know what mean?
Asha: Coaching intake, I thought I'd reach out to see what you're trying to achieve or something, should we say that? Yeah. Or to see if we'd be a good fit together or something.
Kyle Musca: I thought I'd reach out to see if... Reach out on touch base, touch base. You could just say touch base, to be honest. So I thought I'd touch, so you tapped the sticker, so I thought I'd touch base, send. You know, what is it you're sort of hoping to achieve right now?
Asha: Sort of reach out. Yeah, watch.
Kyle Musca: Because the ultimate goal of what I'm sort of wanting to do with you is like the organic works really, really well. So we definitely want to continue that up. But essentially, we just want to get that to the cash flow up so you can sort of step into the world of ads. Because I think, you know, with your following and everything like that, and the organic page that you do have, I think the ad side of things should rip for you. I just want to make sure that we've got the cash flow in the business first before we look at taking that step. Because, again, it should rip, but we always want to make sure that we're not sort of super stressed or stranded if it, you know, those things that we need to tweak.
Asha: Of course, yeah, okay. And I might go back to one of the initial stories that I used to do, that I should still be doing, being like, what were the ones that we used to do? I'll just go back into my archive.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I think.
Asha: And chalk another story up.
Kyle Musca: Do you put much on your stories?
Asha: Wait, what do you mean when I do them, when I do the CTAs?
Kyle Musca: Just in general.
Asha: Yeah, I put a little bit up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would, yeah, I would aim for at least four stories day minimum.
Asha: Yeah, I definitely do at least that. And this week I've been doing, so you know how I said I do those get ready with me's? I was having a look at the revenue I was making Velocity last year. I didn't even know this. Each quarter from the start of last year. To the middle of last year, I was bringing them in 80K a quarter, which is pretty good. And that's when I was consistently doing my get ready with me's. And then I started working with James. So I've realized this now because Ava was like, oh, will this make sense? Because I was telling her about my revenue. Started working with James and he's like, stop posting as much. I think I told you that as well. He's like, don't do this, don't do that. And I was like, okay, like, well, he's like, I want to see if your story views go up kind of thing. Then it took my, I also got really  sick. I almost died with the measles. Like, there was a lot of  that happened as well when I started to slow down, stop posting as much. And then it took my revenue down to like 30K a quarter. And now it's slowly coming back up and I'm at like 55K quarters. So those get ready with me's. I post maybe three, four times a week. But that obviously helps me keep my salary with velocity. And then in there, I'm also adding in like. What I eat, a couple call-to-actions, workout videos, or little, like, collages and stuff like that as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, sit there. Again, you just want to look the part, really, and then have enough up there. So it's, like, when you throw in the CTAs, it doesn't look like – so it's, like, if you've got enough story posts, you could have a CTA up every single day because it's, like, there's more than just the set, like, the ask. So I guess it's more of a volume thing than anything. What you could also do as well is just, like, you're filming your workouts and stuff, so you could put up a few workout clips. On a daily basis as well when you do film them. And then you could even, like, throw the CTA in the end there, you know what mean? Because if people watch that, then they're probably going to be interested in, you know, working out, for example.
Asha: Exactly, yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Is there anything else you kind of want to cover at the moment?
Asha: Not really. I think Ask you stuff as it pops up anyway, if I have any questions. No, I think I'm good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Asha: Just trying to keep this kind of momentum going.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, I think we've made the necessary tweaks and just sort of tested things properly. And that seems to be working really well for us. So it's like, again, we want to think of this as, again, a smooth, like a machine that doesn't need to be kind of tweaked. I mean, if we're constantly chopping and changing, it means there's something wrong with it. So we've got a good volume depending on how many leads converted, but we've got good calls booked. As long as the other two show up, that's a pretty decent show-up rate. So that's good there. And then good close rate on them as well. So if we can just keep those numbers up, we're going to be in a really good position very soon. And then we can step into ads. And then ideally, it just ramps things up massively from there.
Asha: Yeah. No, awesome. Well, thank you so much. I'll post this story now. I'll get back to a couple of my leads. I have so much more work to do, but yeah, I'll talk to you soon. And I think, do you need to do anything or did Ava, oh no, think, did she pay you?
Kyle Musca: What was that message? She sent through, yeah, the sales made. I sent in a group chat. Do you want to, because that's like, I think it was 2800 or something like that. Do you want to just, do you completely have to do it? Doesn't bother me at all. But do you want to swap over to the hybrid model now that it is above that 2500?
Asha: So what is the hybrid again? Is that 20, it's a base of 2.5 plus 10%, hey?
Kyle Musca: The 10% only applies to the ads. So it's like, it's just anything, anything organic just.
Asha: So said it was 2.8.
Kyle Musca: The, because we're purely performance-based off rev share at the moment. So it's 2.8 now, which is what I said.
Asha: where it could just be capped at the 2.5 until we do the ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I think if it's a 2.8 now, then it would just continue creeping up as time goes on. Yeah.
Asha: I think it obviously sounds, yeah, it obviously sounds smart. Did you write that in the message?
Kyle Musca: I said that before to her, yeah. She said as weekly subscriptions are not quite that you need to be, so whatever reason doesn't make up front sales, it might be more difficult to pay you. So, yeah, I mean, it's completely up to you guys. doesn't bother me either way.
Asha: I'll have a chat to her because she sent me a message as well. Because I don't know if she... I think she may – yeah, I don't know. I'll give her a call after this because, yeah, if we're already over the 2.5, then at least if we do the hybrid, like you said, it's 2.5 each month until we do ads and obviously make more. So, yeah, I'll call her and see what she says.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no stress. I just saw the 2.8, so I was just like, well, maybe it might be worth looking at, but again, completely up to you guys.
Asha: No, appreciate that. Thank you. But she's the money girl. Even though it's my money, I don't know how to make decisions with money. This is why I have her because I'm like, you know, you've got – I literally don't even have access to my bank with her. Hey, like I'm just like, I will spend it all.
Kyle Musca: You do it. Yeah. Yeah, okay, perfect. Yeah. Awesome.
Asha: I'll give her a call now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no rush on that. Yeah, all right. Well, let's keep making sales and yeah, go from there. Thank you, Kyle. I'll talk to you soon. Awesome. Cheers. See you soon. Bye. Bye.


>>> 149/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-03T04:03:05Z | id:135171342
People: Kyle Musca

Imogen Harris: I'm certain on what's going on. This meeting is being recorded. And stuff on Wednesday, and then we'll kind of go from there, but here's what it is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Do you feel like you've made much improvement or a bit stagnant?
Imogen Harris: It's just cruising at this point. Nah, I'm kind of like, I'm used to the pain at this point. Like, it's just, I just deal with it, to be honest. I don't really want to be on, like, endo, and I don't want to be on pain meds because it just  with my, I can't drive for one, so that kind of  me. So, but yeah, it just kind of makes it worse, to be honest. Like, I just feel , so I'm just dealing with the pain.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. Well, we'll dive into things, and then just keep my bed with how you're sort of feeling, and we see that's going to be a factor into everything.
Imogen Harris: Nah, it's fine.
Kyle Musca: How's this week gone overall?
Imogen Harris: It's been quiet. Like, I think, I don't know if it's just, I put it in the form. I don't know if it's just, like, this time of year, people are not... it's just... Like they're a bit slack with replying or whatever, like I've, the set has been like pretty good. There's been a couple of things where I've gone in and reviewed some conversations and just kind of give her some tips and stuff like that about how I would respond. Just because there was a couple of instances where she kind of like didn't acknowledge what they were saying, but just like jumped to the next question. So I just kind of followed that up with her. So that was fine. But there's kind of been just a few, I guess, dead leads in the sense they've filled out all the prompts and then they've given the weight and everything and then nothing from there. So it's been a, yeah, a little bit of a quiet week in that sense.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So, yeah, that's what I wanted to sort of pick up. Now, I've kind of noticed that this month, especially, also with Easter coming up, obviously pretty much now, which I didn't even sort of think about. Yeah. It's like, you don't really know.
Imogen Harris: like, oh, I need to alter my check-ins today. And I was like, why?
Kyle Musca: And like, because it's a public holiday.
Imogen Harris: I was like, no, you don't. I don't know about that , mate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I assume that's definitely sort of a factor that is playing into it. I also think with, you know, the fuel  that's happening in Australia and everything like that, more so causing fear than it actually has sort of affected. I mean, prices are up more, but, you know, that's technically shouldn't be. So we'll just see how that plays. I think that's largely just the media producing fear and people getting  weirded out about that. So I guess those are just environmental factors that we'll sort of play with.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I usually find that coming into sort of like during those periods, if it is like just a weird psychological thing where no one wants to do anything, I usually find coming into like a new month kind of resets that a bit, especially like after Easter and stuff. I very much assume there will be kind of people that will be like, okay, now I want to sort of lock in. Australia specifically is kind of like that for the first couple of months of the year because we tend to have like a lot of holidays from like Christmas to Easter. So there's like a lot of like public holidays and people know that Easter is coming up. Yeah. Eventually. So it's like that part can be slow. So I'm keen to sort of get this out of the way because then it's usually like a, I think it's like a six month thing where there's no real holidays.
Imogen Harris: People are in the, in the, in the midst of the grind, essentially. Getting close to summer as well. I think, oh , like that's over now. can focus on that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. So, um, and these are things that we can sort of even look at putting together. Like, um, I'm about to run a challenge for Australia where it's like six months to shred it, where it's specifically for people that need to lose like, you know, 15 to 30 kilos.
Imogen Harris: For example. Yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: cool. So that's probably, we'll, we'll pick apart your funnel today. And then I also want to talk about what the next, um, sort of options are for our, our marketing campaigns and everything like that. Is there anything specifically that you want to cover in this session?
Imogen Harris: Nah, nah, you take the lead.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Get that out of here. Cause I mean, lead cost has gone up a little bit. Um, your lead cost was actually. Really, really good when we sort of first launched. So I was expecting that, to have that, hear this conversation, but it's also not anything like out of the, out of the ordinary.
Imogen Harris: So I wasn't expecting, if I'm honest, this week coming into Easter, like I didn't have very high expectations with booking calls. Like I had, I think it was like two organic calls that are wanting to start like once Easter's done. So one secured her deposit, her deposit to start, think it's like the 13th of April. And the other one I've just spoken to that she wants to do the same deposit, like secure a deposit for two weeks time, which is fine. So like there's conversations, it's more just like, I think with the ads and stuff, there's probably just a little bit of fear, like you said, kind of getting on that call from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So the videos are creeping up heavily. I reduced spend, so I made sure to max, like our total budget, only max 30% goes to it because they were, I mean, you can see, and this is really important actually. So you can, um, This right here. So if we didn't have that conversion API attached, from our perspective, this is all that meta would show us is the cost per result and the overall results. So from our perspective, the videos would actually be performing better than the graphics are. But you can see the actual cost per lead here, which is obviously people that are higher intent to finish the flow and working full-time.
Imogen Harris: Now, that's dramatically different.
Kyle Musca: This is way, way, way higher than I'd want to see it. And that's why when you come in here, you'll see that I've turned this one off. This was the one that was performing well for us, but it just creeped up way too high. So I've turned that off, redistributed those funds to some other hooks and angles to see how they pull through for us. But we are starting to kind of run thin there. Now, there's a couple of things that we can do for that. One, and the simplest option, which I probably will play around with, is just refine the targeting. So right now, I've kept it broad and let the algorithm sort of do its thing. What I'll probably do, though, is we can sort of focus. I'm trying to target more people, whether, and I'll sit down and sort of think about what I want that to be, whether it be sort of job titles. I think something that would probably work well for you as women that are interested in like self-improvement and all that . It depends. Pardon?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I feel like the, it's not like the mental side of it, but like if you can jump into the emotional  a little bit more, I think it will probably target women easier, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like finding the target and the message have to like, so sometimes we might not target people that are like, so for example, a good example of this is like fitness for the most part is usually not a very good target interest because people that are actually interested in fitness and looking at fitness and consuming fitness content usually have enough knowledge that they don't need a coach, if that makes sense.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like off the top of your head, you'd be like, yeah, fitness. Yeah. It makes sense. But usually in my experience, it doesn't pull through very well. On the contrary to that, though, so for someone like Cal, I just ran a fitness campaign for him and started to pull through really well because Cal's audience is primarily dudes that are already training and they just want to take things to the next level, if that makes sense.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which is what's in his messaging, right? So it kind of makes sense to do that. Whereas self-improvement, for example, are women that are obviously introduced, sort of interested in, you know, becoming the best. Yes, of themselves. So it's like when you put that message in front of them of the fitness aspect, they're like, oh yeah, that's for me. So that's, yeah. And then obviously the job titles one is just like, we're just trying to find people that would be qualified and then just put the right message in front of them so that, you know, when they do come through, again, they're qualified and they're the people we want. Your graphics campaign still performing well. So it has definitely creeped up. I think if we look back, you know, even during this period here, to you now how comfortable And It was sitting at, you know, $34, so it's creeped up about $10 per lead, which is not crazy by any means. So that's $36. What are we looking at? $38. So, I mean, it doesn't have any creeped up that much, which is still very, very good. So anything, I usually see anything between $40 to $50 as cost per lead, which is this, is very scalable. Like, that's a very healthy sort of ad for me, right? Yeah. Now, that's why I want to say still feel like you're forming everything because I want to pick that apart because if you haven't got too many calls out of it, it's like, okay, we need to suss out what's going on there.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. So, I mean, we started a good week overall, which is fantastic. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did a bit of that come from the cash collected you got on the calls?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. So, I think... Like 900 and also I got two girls that are starting in two weeks.
Kyle Musca: One was two and a half up front and then one was 900 being the deposit. Okay. Yeah, perfect. Okay. So still a good week in the books there, which is fantastic. Yeah. Pre-paid. Honestly, it's been survival week. To be honest as well, if you were, you know, going to have a week as you've had, probably this week is the right week to do it.
Imogen Harris: The blessing in disguise, I think, a little bit, just like after the back end of last weekend as well.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I wasn't like overly concerned. Yeah. Perfect. And yeah, cool. What happened to the other two calls? Did just not sign or?
Imogen Harris: Ended up rescheduling that day. So I've just ensured, like I've gotten the setter to make sure that they are confirming that date as well. And then usually when she's been gone and confirmed, then something's come up, whether it's a kid sick or they just can't make the call anymore. And. And I think she's still waiting on response to reschedule them. But I think she contacted them this morning. I try and make sure like each day I go in and just like look at the conversation she's having just when there's not millions, just so I can make sure that I know what's going on as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. I've done quite a lot of training for the DM setting thing. So we'll review that. I do want to get into that and have a look at the conversations as well. But if need be, I can implement that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, it honestly is, with how slow the week has been anyway, wasn't, yeah, it hasn't been anything ridiculous or crazy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, and then the whole Tommy thing.
Imogen Harris: So it's Tommy's birthday this week, so he's having some time. Yeah, I just said, just let me know when you're freaking out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, so coming in here, have you done your CEO dashboard as well?
Imogen Harris: No, I have not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's okay. We might quickly power through that.
Imogen Harris: Because I didn't, when I lost Friday. Friday was when I was still in hospital. So I didn't end up doing last week's one either.
Kyle Musca: We might do that now before we get into the conversations, actually, because that would just help us sort of identify if there is a gap.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: See a dashboard. Perfect. So we're going to do here.
Imogen Harris: We're to try and tally up from what was not last week, the week before.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry. Not this week, last week. We'll just do, just for the sake of the argument, for now, we'll just do this week so we can see. So the dashboard starts from.
Imogen Harris: With that last week.
Kyle Musca: So the 25th to the 1st, really. So we'll so Wednesday to, we'll go Wednesday to Tuesday.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Because it was, yeah, I think. Like there was a, because obviously she's been really good at following up, if they don't reply in a couple of days, like a day or a couple of days, then she'll keep following up. And at the end, some of them are just people like, no, thank you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How do you, it'll be this one, hey? Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then if we go from, we've gotten, during the time period, was 8.33. Cool. Okay, because that's going off the many-chat ones. That was 13. Okay, makes sense. But I'm going to go off the many-chat just to be conservative.
Imogen Harris: How many calls did you get booked in the last week from ads? four in total. Oh, from ads? Let me go back and look for Monday. I don't know if from Friday. technically it's not.
Kyle Musca: It was, sorry, it's Wednesday to Wednesday.
Imogen Harris: Wednesday to Tuesday. it's four in total. Three from ads in total this week in the last seven days. And one rescheduled.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So it doesn't seem to be too bad of a setting issue. Again, it's from this so far, it's a bit of a marketing issue. Again, it could just be a time period issue. As we've creeped closer to Easter, that's increased a little bit more to be expected. Total. was taken from that?
Imogen Harris: Two.
Kyle Musca: Two. It's a decent show-up rate. Close calls?
Imogen Harris: One. So 50%.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Cool. And how much cash did you collect on that?
Imogen Harris: $900.
Kyle Musca: $900 and then contract over?
Imogen Harris: Over three months, do you mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like the total.
Imogen Harris: $1,800. It was a silver package, so $1,500.
Kyle Musca: So they paid $900, mean just $600 left?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. $1,500. So yeah. Now, this is an important thing to sort of note down here because we didn't get heaps of volume. There's nothing inherently broken about this. It just wasn't heaps of volume through the system.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, again, as I said the other week, we're dealing with, like, again, low volume. So these numbers will change quite dramatically based. Like, let's say if you, you know, made two for two calls, that now goes to 100% and a half of your cost per acquisition. You know what I mean? So the numbers will change dramatically. But it's still a good point here because this is an important thing to understand with the marketing. Sometimes you'll have, you know, weeks like where we, you know, pulled in really, really good incomes, right? And you've got your, you know, still 10K a week, right? But there will be weeks where things do, whether the marketing just starts to creep up a little bit too high, whether it's a time period thing, whatever. One thing is just being able to, there'll be periods where we're like off to the races and really profiting. And then there's periods where we're just going to try and like weather the storm for a little bit, essentially. Right? So as long as we're staying in the positive, it's not obviously what we want to see. But that's a really sort of crucial thing to understand because it will mean that when things are, like times are tough, again, will we have to weather the storm when other coaches aren't? And that's why... It's so important to have a higher, you know, price packages as we did from the very start, because it's like, if you were just sort of, you know, relying on relatively slim profit margins, as soon as things do get tough, it's like you run heavily into the negative. This is like, as you can see, all we need to do here is make one sale and we still, you know, got nearly a 2x return on investment.
Imogen Harris: In my head, I'm like, if I can make one or two sales a week, like that is enough to just keep things progressing. So for me, that's, as long as that can happen, I'm fine. Like I can deal with, there's always going to be fluctuations even with anything. So as long as I can try and secure that, then it should be happy goals.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, the only reason I say that is because I've definitely had like tough, you know, months, for example, where things have just gone . And it's like, you can just keep very afloat, you know, it's not  fantastic by any means, but you can keep very afloat just by being able to weather the storm. Whereas, and you'll see other people run ads and stuff. You'll see them run for like a week or two and they can't weather the storm. And then they just  have to. You know, tap out, essentially.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Luckily, I've been through that, so very much would not expect a very long tab to weather the storm before fixing it, but cool. All right, so that's all looking all good. I think we just need more volume through it. So, tag, qualified leads, yes. So this looks like it was a...
Imogen Harris: This was this morning. Yeah, yeah, that was this morning.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so let's have a read of this.
Imogen Harris: That was me, I'm pretty sure.
Kyle Musca: The whole thing?
Imogen Harris: Oh, yeah, I'm pretty sure.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Imogen Harris: No, I think it might have been half-half, actually. I think I finished it for her when she clocked off.
Kyle Musca: Anytime they give you this, it's  awesome.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
Imogen Harris: Good follow-up. Yeah, that was definitely her.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, no, definitely overall, it's been a lot more consistent with this set of them. Obviously, I know it wasn't the best situation to start with, but she's been really good at communicating with me too, just like with times and stuff like that through WhatsApp. So it's been a lot easier to manage, which has been good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. The only thing I'm concerned here is if you do book in a call, make sure to go through the post-booking flow.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because that, if you can, if you're just booking a call like this, and then just sort of like, sweet, just send you an email, excited to have a chat, chat then, like here's a video to watch, chat then, it can cause drop-off rate to drop massively.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, cool, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So the post-booking process, I think I've added, I haven't changed, I've added a fair bit of things to the setting script before, since. I would have given it to you, basically the same thing. So she's doing well, so I'm not going to change it too much, but I've added things like this. So when they run it through AI, the AI knows to respond dynamically, which is what that is. But yeah, once the call is booked, so you did the email thing, which is good, which picks us up from, yeah, so you just got an email. Well, then I have the show-up confirmation, which you don't need to add. If you don't have a show-up issue, which I don't think you have had, you'd almost be worth kind of taking it out.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Right, because again, it's just an extra level of friction.
Kyle Musca: But essentially, it just says we, like, I I do reschedules, found the, you know, girls that get the best results are the ones that have self-cannability to show up on time so we can get this all properly. You do seem like that type of girl, but before you go any further, I just want to confirm we're 100% going be able to make that time, right? The only reason I do that is just because it's  annoying when people reschedule. Again, you're not doing mad, like crazy amounts of volume. So it's like once you get heaps more calls, it's like that's probably when it's worth that again.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Wait for a lie. Then this part, basically just explaining how to get on the call. If you have any issues, feel free to shoot me a message here. And the call will on Google Meet, so just make sure you've got the app downloaded beforehand. Does that all make sense? Just want to make sure we can dive in. So just explaining where the call will be held. Awesome chatting to you. Get the most out of this call. Make sure you have a think about where you're at, why you want to make a change, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Here's the video, chat soon.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And the only other slight thing here is like... Also, if you have some spare time, don't frame it like that. Frame it as in, like, make sure, like, don't, you don't have to say it, like, directly like this, but, like, make sure you watch this video before the call.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because if they watch this video, it's very likely they'll show up.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm going to leave that unread.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, so that's, she's been good at following it up, but, yeah, I think there's just been, like, a lot of no-reply conversations this week in general.
Kyle Musca: So, is this you or her?
Imogen Harris: No, it was her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so she misread that. So, for that, was a hectic week. Please take me off the list. I'd be, like, no stress, Kalani, you can do that. I know you mentioned you really do struggle. You struggle with consistency. So, I just want to make sure that's not what's happening.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yep. Yeah, I think that was the one that she said this morning had rescheduled. She did get her in a, I think it was three o'clock, she said, and then, yeah, I think something had happened.
Kyle Musca: Maybe some of the good men. So the setter's being a little bit retarded here, like if she just said.
Imogen Harris: Already said, yeah, I did read that.
Kyle Musca: I'm sick. Will you be able to do 3.30? It's just not great.
Imogen Harris: There was a, I think it might've been up in this conversation is what I looked at. It was, she'd said that she'd come from, or like she'd spoken, she's friends with an old client of mine or a client that I do have Taylor. And originally she just completely disregarded what she said about coming from Taylor. And then she just said. And then just went to like the next blunt question and I was just like, oh no. So I just, I unsent it because she sent it straight away. So I just unsent it and then just messaged her and then she, yeah. So, cause I was just like, it just kind of looked like her tone in the conversation had changed a little bit when a message was sent or something like that, but I noticed. So that's where I kind of spoke to her about it, just making sure she acknowledges what they actually say. So it doesn't look like they just, it's just a plain sales conversation, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. For the most part, she's doing okay.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. A hundred percent. Like she, just little things that I noticed that could help her out as well, just with how I talk.
Kyle Musca: Just by some of the conversation as well. Yeah. So did she end up rescheduling?
Imogen Harris: She doesn't think she's. I don't think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you might even want to jump in there and save that and just be like, hey, sorry, try and figure out something like, oh, hey, sorry, I misread what you said a little bit above. So sorry about that. I really hope the little one's doing well. And, you know, with Easter weekend, I'm sure you're probably going to be pretty flat out. How about we sort of lock in, you know, next week, you know, early next week or something like that, just try and save that. And then I would also send that to her and be like, be cautious of this because if she just said she can't make the time today, then why would you suggest to make the time today? Like, it doesn't make sense.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. I'll follow that one up after this. That's easy. That's when now she's the client.
Kyle Musca: So that's happy days. Yeah. Beautiful. So again, see how she said, hold me accountable. Like the other girls said, hold me consistent. I struggle with consistency. I would definitely go to the setter and be like, anytime this happens, I want you to go read the conversation to pull apart, you know, something like this, because when they say no, thank you at the end kind of thing, which is just ghosting. And you're like, hey.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Hey, Anika, whatever her name is. Haven't heard back from you. So it seems like you've, whatever. I know you said you want someone to hold you accountable. So really want to make, putting my coaching hat on here.
Imogen Harris: Is this something you're actually serious about or? Yeah. I may make up some like example prompts so she can understand the context that I'm meaning by it as well. After this.
Kyle Musca: What I've been doing is I've been adding objections or whatever to the bottom. So like getting her, she doesn't know how to answer certain things or whatever. Like I just get my setters to send me the message. And then I'll write the message back and then just save it here for future ones as well.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. I might even go through some of the conversations she's had and just see where there's kind of getting a bit of stagnation and pick apart what the prior question or something was and just kind of go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, for example, someone tries to cancel after they've been booked, has no interest in rescheduling, before I cancel the call, I've got to put my coaching hand, you mentioned you struck with, whatever. Do you feel like that's what's happening here?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I like that.
Kyle Musca: Again, nothing. I mean, they're getting into conversation.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, there's been some conversations. I think, yeah, people are, I don't know as well, like, because it's into Easter, people are just  replying. Like, I know sometimes at this time of, like, Christmas stuff, I don't think I replied to any of my friends and family, let's be honest. So, it could be just something that they're not checking, really, their DMs or anything like that over Easter with family and stuff like that as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'd also say it's probably just the mindset. Of like, Easter, are you going to be a lazy , you know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Binging their life away. So that kind of was the point.
Kyle Musca: These are okay, though, because one, it's good intent, and then what we'll do eventually is we'll run a magic hat, which is basically like we'll go through all of these girls, and then be like, you've won a $500, you've run a $500 voucher, can put straight towards coaching, do you want to collect on that? And then that usually generates quite a lot of calls, so it's not like these are completely wasted.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, cool, good idea. We're working full-time, actually, to be fair, that's all what I've qualified. I did have one of the calls that I had this week. She'd done it, did the thing, and then it obviously came up that. But she wasn't eligible, and then she said that she could afford more than this, and then on top of that two minutes later, then she put a coaching application through, so I was like, , I'll still get on a call with her then, if that's the case. And then as I got talking to her, she's just gone into, like, housing, she's a recovering drug addict, and I'm like, I still don't think you're going to be able to afford this. Anyway, I still had the conversation with her, and then at the end, she was just like, oh, I just need to kind of figure it out with, like, my housing and stuff. So I was just like, oh, my God, okay. So, like, even if they're doing that, and then they're saying they can, sometimes it will be that they can't, but I'm willing to still have those conversations.
Kyle Musca: That means there's a slight chance that they can, if they can. Yeah, it's good just for practice and everything as well. You'll get people. Yeah, unfortunately in sales, you always get people that slip through the cracks that are just  retarded, but part of the process, I guess. Little thing here, not a very big thing, but I would never say just following up, because that kind of loses the authority.
Imogen Harris: Alrighty.
Kyle Musca: I mean, something like just, you know, just piecing together my schedule for next week. I wanted to see if you were able to lock something in. Yeah. And like keep them on your time.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for someone like this, depends on how soon her program ends. Because, which she didn't ask.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do is like.
Imogen Harris: I have a of people that, for example, have done a program or something, and they're paying a low-ticket item just to finish up, and they still started with me.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Or like, just a spot for when that challenge finishes or whatever. Yeah, you could definitely do something like that. I mean, it depends, because it's like, if she's, I don't know if she mentioned it, I'm seven weeks postpartum. Yeah, so she's probably at least five weeks, potentially seven, probably five weeks into it. So there's a bit of time left.
Imogen Harris: It's also like, if you're reaching out to another coach when you're in the middle of something, clearly you're not happy with the results that you're getting, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's the other thing as well, because you could be like, well, because I don't know who's Skye, Sheridan Skye.
Imogen Harris: I have idea.
Kyle Musca: If it's a big influencer, it's probably.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, I've never seen her in my life. Oh, who do I think knows her? Oh, I think she's friends with Hattie. I think that's where I've seen her face before.
Kyle Musca: Depends.
Imogen Harris: Really into postpartum , so that's probably why she signed up with her, but there has to be a driving reason why you've reached out and.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Even, again, this is a hard thing to talk to the setters about, but yeah, don't, one thing I'm kind of trying to tell my setters in, don't just take  the first no as an answer, you know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Have a little conversation and dive into why this ain't no a little bit. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you could even jump in here and be like, hey, babe, just, just so I can make a little bit of a mental note or something like that. When, when will your program actually end or something like that?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, you know, even go into the revenue of, like, avenue of, like, how you're sort of finding it. you feel like it's, you know, X, Y, Z?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I might go through all the conversations this afternoon and kind of get some prompt kind of answers of what I would, how I would answer it and kind of do it that way so the set can kind of understand a little bit more with that. Because, yeah, like, honestly, like, genuinely, she's been really good. It's just kind of, yeah, those little things that, obviously, she might just not correlate to, just fine.
Kyle Musca: And this was the issue, well, I probably wasn't the best lead anyway, that's fine. you.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that was when I rescheduled from that was, I think, Tuesday. She didn't end up, I think she said it was Tuesday or something, Monday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see, with the, something I've just told my setters, if they say this, is like, well, can we just lock something in? I obviously wouldn't word it like this, but can we lock something in and just tell you, well, could you have an appointment at that time?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah, because obviously, like, that's a week ago, million, well, five days ago, it's like, probably she's never going to reach out and let us know, right?
Kyle Musca: They're never going to, they're never going to reach out. If they're going to, if they're going to say something like this, no worries, then it's like the setter needs to make a note to actually follow these people up, because it's wasted leads at that point.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this guy actually looked like she booked in a call, yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, he did. I think it was for Monday or Tuesday or something like that. So I did.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: So, yeah, I might even go in this afternoon and just follow up some stuff. Yeah, she's a client now, so that's happy days.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So overall, man, there's good conversations.
Imogen Harris: I just think we need volume. Just a little bit of refinement.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So, okay, cool. Nothing out of the ordinary there besides a few little things. Okay, perfect. So what I reckon we do is we focus on what the next thing is going to be, like what the next marketing campaign is going to be. Now, how are you sitting client-wise?
Imogen Harris: I think I've got, like, 66 at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Just you? Is it all just you?
Imogen Harris: Oh, there's a few. The coach that's  working on me, she's gone more into PT now, and she's now trying to relocate here, so it's been a little bit of a   show to me, but she's only gone down to three clients, so it's not even ... How much are paying her? So she gets 30%, and I get 70%.
Kyle Musca: Nah, that's probably a bit higher. What I usually do for coaching is set them up as, especially just starting out, so I'll have my silver in my gold package. Silver's just loom, check-ins, gold's basically call check-ins. Silver, I do, like, $17.50 per client per week, and then gold, I do $22.50 per week. That's a new coach, so once they become more experienced, that usually gets up to, you know, $25, $27. 30, you know, right now, because my coach is very experienced. I've had them pay ages. So $35 per gold client and $27.50, I think it is, $30 per silver client.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Because when she came on board, honestly, like that was when I obviously was with Carlin and I didn't have structured back packages or anything like that.
Kyle Musca: And Carlin's like, yeah, I get her on. And Carlin is her business coach as well now.
Imogen Harris: So I've just kind of like, it's just kind of made it all  messy, to be honest. And yeah, it's just not been ideal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, I would just keep them as a contractor. They get paid performance-wise per client they have, so they want to retain them for longer.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. And that builds up, you know, quite a lot over time.
Kyle Musca: Like as, you know, let's say $25 per client doesn't sound like a lot, but realistically, you should be able to do at least three check-ins an hour. That's $75 right there per hour. And like my, my head coach passed. But he's, you know, he's making over three grand a week on those salaries. So at the end of the day, it's like they're not doing anything other than coaching. Like they're not securing the clients or anything like that, right? Yeah. And they don't have to deal with any  jobs like cancellations or planes or any bail payments or anything like that. They just  coach. So it's very easy for them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, what I like to do is how many clients would you be able to take on?
Imogen Harris: Me. Well, I'd love to get to a hundred clients, to be honest. Like I feel like right now, like I'm on, I would say I'm on, I think 65 is what I'd be on without her clients in there. So, and to be honest, I've still got a fair bit of free time. Like, it's not like I'm  on my laptop all day, every day. Like it's a couple of hectic days a week, but I like to think my time management is probably one of my best attributes. So I would love to try and get literally as many until I physically can't do it anymore.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. At the end of the day, you're like having your own ship at the end of the day, Friday. What I would recommend doing is like, for me, it's like, as long as you can prove that you've got a good, stable lead flow, then it's like, that's really when you can look at bringing on a coach. Again, you already have a coach, but the biggest thing, one of the biggest things with a coach, like a new coach, is setting the standard very early of what you expect. And obviously, like, because you've already had this structure and everything set up with your current coach, and it sounds like she's wanting to go do her own thing. Which I would never do, have for a coach underneath you. Then, in my opinion, I'd probably, like, if you were ever going to look at bringing on a, or, you know, scaling her as a coach, I'd just bring on another coach and set it from scratch. Because she's got a business coach to try and build her own thing.
Imogen Harris: That's the hard bit where I'm at right now, because, like, she is so willing to learn and so willing to do basically anything and everything I say. Like, and I know she idolizes me in that sense. But the, so Carlin's basically just doing her social media. So basically just telling her what to post and what to outreach and stuff like that to try and pull in clients. She still knows if she brings her own clients, it's still the same cut. But that's, again, that was all kind of set in when I was under Carlin as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would, you know, yeah. When you bring a coach underneath you, you don't want them to do anything besides coach. Because if they start, one, if they start having to market for them, for you, and their marketing actually pulls through, then they're just going to be like, well, I'm just going to go do this for myself. Yeah. And then all of a sudden you've loaded them up with, you know, 60, 70, 100 clients. And then they just  off. And you've got either 100 clients just sitting there where you're like, what do I do with these now? Or they just poach a lot of them and take a lot of them.
Imogen Harris: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which will  you severely. So it's like, one, they shouldn't do anything. They shouldn't market. They shouldn't see how any of the other parts of the business work. And they should, the best coach for me is someone who loves to coach and is passionate about coaching and fitness and everything, but they're not, yeah, but they're not very ambitious to go start their own thing.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A hundred percent. Maybe they've tried and they've failed.
Imogen Harris: They realize it's not as easy. I did think, I was like, to be honest, if, if I was to bring on someone else, it almost like, I did a whole introduction for her last time. I was like, I almost wouldn't even before that I do have a coach under me.
Kyle Musca: would just be like, they're a coach. And then when I get on the call, then they go to them kind of thing. Yeah, exactly. You don't, you don't publicly promote them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. But a lot from everything that happened with Colin, I'm like this. Yeah. A lot that I just want to make sure that that never happens again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's just like, it's, it's just one sentence when you're on the, on the phone, it's like, you'll be working with me and my head coach, Rachel, and that's just designed to make sure you're really well taken care of all times.
Imogen Harris: Cool.
Kyle Musca: And you just sell it into coaching system, which we can talk about if, and when we get there. Yeah. The only thing I bring that up is because like, I don't want to get you to the point where you're so over. With working in the business that it's, you know, taking away from you pulling and working on the business. Because it's like, realistically, as the business owner, like, I assume you love to coach and you probably always want to coach from together.
Imogen Harris: How do you scale when you're constantly in it and on it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, but that's the thing though. That means we can just bring out a high ticket package for like five grand for, you know, six months and they work 100% with you, for example.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So there's options we can look at doing that. Realistically, like, as a general rule of thumb, you want to be working on the business 80% of the time and working in the business 20% of the time as the business owner. So it's like your job should be, your primary job is essentially sales and marketing. How can I grow this and how can I, you know, build this further?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Also gives you a lot more time to actually start building more to it.
Kyle Musca: So for example, Bree has a coach under her that's got 100 clients now. And that's given Bree the time to, she's putting together a retreat now. So in six months time, the girls are going to come over to Thailand and do like a seven. They retreat and everything like that.
Imogen Harris: love to do stuff like that. And, yeah, like, at that point, like, I'm even, I'm going to do a community day on the 6th of June here where everyone's kind of going to fly in and do a, like, a group training session, kind of like what Lydia did, whenever the  she did it. And Vaughan's going to come and film the whole thing just so I can kind of get more community vibe  out so that it kind of looks like they're going to be a part of something. But even then, it's like the thought of planning it because I'm so trying to focus on clients as well. It's  annoying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like this will come with time and we'll cover that. Do you have much of a community as well?
Imogen Harris: Honestly, like, I, yeah, they're also involved, like, they're all, like, I think I've already got 30 girls that are, like, happy to come to this training thing and I only posted it the other day as well. So I'm very lucky with the community that it is, like, they're all friends and talk and , which is helpful too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, good community goes miles. So cool. All right. Food for thought. The only reason I say that is because I feel like we should potentially even look at running a challenge. Challenges work really, really  well. I just don't want you to get the point.
Imogen Harris: If we do run a challenge where you get, like, fully capped and you, like, can't take on anything. Yeah. Well, I mean, look, it might almost be a test to see how much I can handle, and then I guess that might be then from there kind of dictate what we do then next.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: I mean, it's a good problem to have is when you can't take any more clients. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, this is our best-performing graphic. The other graphics haven't had heaps to spend, but it's consistently done. So, I like to just come in and look at, like, what components actually sort of make this stand out, right? Six women want to cut six to ten kilos over the next 12 weeks. It's not for you if you want to keep waiting for the perfect time. You want fat loss without changing how you operate, and you disappear when work gets stressful, right? But if you want to, like, this  become the woman you always dreamed of, this is for you. So, what I think has It's worked well here is obviously excluding a certain type of people. I mean, and that's kind of, we can see that in the messaging as well. Like a lot of the girls do seem like, like conversating, higher intent. They're all good qualified, like people, which is great. And then if you want to be the woman you've always dreamt of, obviously there's the physical change as well. So to me, this looks like more goal orientated.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. I could even like almost put that in  chat and just go give me similar variations of this and just see what comes out. From it as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. To be honest, I would avoid using any AI for, for writing this stuff now. Yeah. Just because AI just writes everything really, really similar and it, it, it tends to be very vague. You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Like it doesn't really. I'm really for captions or any, I don't use it. Cause I'm just like, it comes to the point where it all just looks the same.
Kyle Musca: I scroll through my  newsfeed and it's all the same . Yeah. And it's  annoying. Cause even like, if you use it as a, like a reference thing, like I think AI is great for frameworks, but it's awful for creative writing.
Imogen Harris: So what I mean by that is, I'll try and make even like another 15 graphics over the next day, just so we've got some new ones coming in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would, I would write them off this.
Imogen Harris: I'll send you this. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Cause they're pretty, honestly, they're pretty easy to make on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then they just come like when it's actually your wording and there's no influence of AI or anything like that, you'll create completely unique angles.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, so I did this last time. I just, last time I created graphics, I was just like, I'm not going to use AI. I'm just going to sit down and write them off the top of my head. Noticeable night and day difference.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. So this is the framework structure here.
Kyle Musca: So it's like a bold overreaching statement about what results mean beyond just physical. Right. So if you, so for example, having a great physique is one part of a much bigger shift, a much bigger picture. Right. Feature habit that will transfer into another area of their life. Fathom, benefit it gives them. The consistency it builds starts showing up in your work relationships and mindset. Physical, hormonal change, benefit it gives them. Your testosterone, energy, and drive will climb naturally. Your confidence, focus, mood, right? Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Then I'm looking for, you know, XY people to do XYZ over the next XYZ days. Number two, specific demographic, age, range, lifestyle, occupational, life stage, who want to use specific measurable goal. Men in their 30s and 40s want to strip 10 to 20 kilos of fat without turning their life upside down. This is for you. I mean, who they are, what they've tried, excuses, starting over, guessing, no progress. I'm looking for 12 guys who are fed up, going in circles and want to finally make a real, want to make real progress. So even to that, to me, is a little bit vague because obviously I ran the graphics I went through and built the frameworks from this and I told to give examples. But again, And this is where I mean AI is very vague.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It should be. I'm looking for 12 men wanting to strip 8 to 12 kilos of fat over the next 90 days and finally get the results from the effort they put in.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. More depth.
Kyle Musca: Feature you'll give them and benefit. All right. I'll put together a plan built around your schedule so you get the best results possible. Can you see how I do it? DM me . Pretty simple stuff.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. I might have been, yeah, I'll whack up a few and then rather than just downloading them all straight away, I might even just send you the link to my Canva, which I know you hate, but that's how I made them. So you can see them and then if you're like, nah, change this, change this, then I can do that and then make sure they're all actually appropriate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Even in Canva as well, because I've been trying to get my graphic designer to do these, these style for me, just to make it easier. Even like, say, I'm, you know, trying to target women. In their, you know, 20s and 30s, for example, on Canva, I wanted to make it look like a really organic Instagram story post. What are the best color schemes and fonts I should use for that?
Imogen Harris: Sure.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense? So it will help with that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and then with these as well, try different angles. So one, you might do pain point orientated, which is like, you know, sick of not being able to take a shirt off the beach. One, might do goal orientated, be like, want to, you know, want to have six-pack abs, you will, that's one more goal orientated, because that is goal orientated, but I'm trying to exclude from the next one, but say, want to, goal orientated, want to, want to, want to, want to build a physique that you're actually proud of, for example.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well. Yeah. And then do one where it's, like, more physical attribute, which is why I excluded that. It's like, you know, you want a  waist, you want a six-pack, you want big glutes, something like that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean?
Imogen Harris: I think from, like, a lot of conversations, some of the girls have said, like, I  hate the word toning, but it's, like, toned physique or, like, hourglass physique or, like, toned body, that kind of .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this is, like, this is, can be hard to, like, wrap your head around it when you're, you know, a proper coach and everything, because they are very buzzwordy and, like, kind of, you know, not what you should be using. But realistically, all we're trying to do from these graphics and marketing is just get them to take that first step, and then we can do whatever the  we want with them.
Imogen Harris: You we can change their mindset, we can change their belief. I know it's a load of , I'm like, I know when I first started, that was the  that I gravitated towards, because that's what you thought was, and, like, they don't  know anything, so they're just going to see that, and they're like, oh, yes, that's what I want, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so. There's a lot of coaches that can get very caught up because, again, they're a good coach, but they're just not willing to market, essentially. Like, you're talking to, yeah, if they knew all about how  Tony was just being lean with muscle mass and everything, they probably wouldn't need a coach. So just give them what they want to take that first step, and then you can teach them and do everything you want with them.
Imogen Harris: That's perfect. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Yeah. Does that make sense?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. I'll get stuck into that this arvo. That will be my first thing I do once after I go through some of those conversations and follow them up, just so they're done within the next 24 hours.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Also, you know, while we're around this, know, make some around Easter. You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Like post-Easter. Yeah, filling  off the  stuff.
Kyle Musca: Easter's over. Time to get, time to dial things in. I'm looking for six women who want to lose  ex-wizard.
Imogen Harris: I might make them first, so they're kind of... Fresh for, like, Monday when they're all feeling sorry for themselves.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, it's easy. That is easy.
Kyle Musca: So even with what you've said here on the client template, you know, feeling toned.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Seek definition. No progress in the gym with their food. Use the answers that I've given to kind of get into there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And when you're on sales calls and stuff, like, listen intently because you'll notice that people say the same things. You know what mean? And you want to pick up those patterns because you can directly use that in your marketing to draw.
Imogen Harris: A couple of conversations that I've had in the last couple of weeks, like, they started with saying I couldn't do it myself. And then they hesitated at the end. And I was like, you literally just told me that you couldn't do it yourself. So I'm not really sure. Like, what are you going to get if you don't sign up?
Kyle Musca: And then they ended up signing up. Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Back to it.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah.
Imogen Harris: So even that, you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: You know, whatever. Build your dream physique, I'm just going to say. But not getting the results you're looking for, know, pain point orientated.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. I think the pain orientated ones are the ones that tend to somehow make conversation, I think, too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's a bit weird because, like, pain is the emotional seller that will sell on the call. But sometimes I find, like, you know, just even a physical attribute just to get them to take that first little step to inquire can work even better. Yeah. But even like that, you know, the title might be sick of doing everything, you know, right, in quotation marks, but not seeing the results, you know, but not getting that tone-defined look in your body that you're aiming for or something like that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no. I think, um, get a refresh of them and it might spark some new leads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Are a lot of your clients, when they sign up, have they got no experience or have they usually been training a little bit before?
Imogen Harris: Oh, like, it's been pretty... Yeah. Like, a lot of them have been, they've taken a couple of years off, whatever it may have been. And then, like, the one that signed up this week, she is a coach herself. She's just like, I can't do it for myself, which I get a lot. I've had a fair few coaches that have come to me, and I just, I always say, like, even on consult calls to anyone, but I'm like, I've been a coach for eight years, and I've always had a coach. Like, it's not, it's simply accountability, like, in that sense as well. You can sell that as well.
Kyle Musca: You might say, like, it's not that you don't know what to do, it's that you just don't have the time to piece together the structure, and you don't have the account, you struggle with the consistency to see it through.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that's a good one, actually. Yeah, because that's a lot of conversations I've had, they're like, I roughly know how to track calories, and I roughly know, like, I know how to train, but I just, I don't want to have to think about it, like, it's just, otherwise I'm not going to do it. And I was like, well, yeah, I'm the same, so I get it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect. Yeah. We'll put together some graphics. We'll get them up. And then what I would do over this next week as well is like start thinking about like if you want to run a challenge, which I think is a good idea. Essentially, a challenge is like exactly what we're doing now. We don't really change any of the funnel or anything like that. Again, it's just designed to get people to take that first step and get people to take interest on it. Otherwise, that's why I love them. We don't do an eight-week mini challenge or anything like that. It's the same price, same duration. We just love the challenge. Yeah, I think I've been stuck in that.
Imogen Harris: Like, Carlin a few times. The times I've done the challenges, it's been like $50 a week or like low ticket. So then they do it. Whereas just like it's a  waste of my time.
Kyle Musca: Like they still contact me just like a VIP client would. So I'm just kind of like. Yeah, no, that should usually challenges have historically been like to upsell people eventually, but it's just a very slow sales cycle.
Imogen Harris: And what I find is when you do do you market like that, you just bring in. Like low-quality  leads, people looking for cheap stuff. never want to sign up when they want to, then they hear the actual price anyway of your coaching, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and realistically, even if you're going to do it like that, you shouldn't do it more than four weeks because the six to eight-week mark, they're like, oh, I'm confident enough to do this. They're either I'm confident enough to do this myself or they've dropped off and like, you know, not doing it anymore.
Imogen Harris: So they're like, oh,  it. That's why after the last challenge, I was like, oh, . That challenge itself is kind of like the last thing with Kyle and Ash. It's like, this is just not, it's just not . so, yeah, no, I'd be keen to do one. I think it'd be good to kind of restructure my brain and thought process with actually doing it properly as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just piece together that, I guess, like the main thing is what you want it to be, you know, what is the overall concept? So for me, for example, I'm running two. One will be a six-months-to-shredded for Australia. And then in the US, it will be just a summer shred challenge because summer's coming up in three months there.
Imogen Harris: That's true. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. Cool. So, yeah, again, just think about that. The overall topic, the big, bold goal that you want to spread everywhere. So it's like, mine is, we'll keep it for the Australian one, designed specifically for men who need to strip 15 to 30 kilos over the next six months in order to get in the best shape possible for someone. That's a big, bold outcome, right? Obviously, the name that goes with it and the prize pool. So we throw on a prize pool. Usually, it's like, you know, $8,000, $10,000, whatever you want to put. Obviously, that's not just cash. That could be anything. So, one, I would have a bit of a grand prize, you know, whatever that might be. You might have affiliates and sponsors and everything like that that you want to use as well. I'm sure that puts something towards it. Plus, too, just coaching packages. You know, if the first person that wins, wins three months of extra coaching, that's two and a half grand right there.
Imogen Harris: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Everybody wins $500 anyway to continue on. So that's theoretically  10 grand right there.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool.
Imogen Harris: And yeah, I'm sure the companies that I work with would be happy to add some extra  in there as well.
Kyle Musca: So that would make it easy. Yeah. And then just some urgency and scarcity, which is pretty simple. I'm capping it at just 20 spots, 30 spots, 40 spots, whatever you say.
Imogen Harris: And, you know, the deadline of when you start, you know, we start May 20th or whatever, whatever you put.
Kyle Musca: But we want at least a three to four week hard marketing campaign for it. So, yeah. And then we'll probably need, you maybe two, three weeks to get all the marketing and stuff.
Imogen Harris: I guess if it was like, I know it's still a couple of months away, but if it was like the start of June, at least it could be something towards summer. It's like halfway through the year, like summer's in five months, yada, yada, yada.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, we can continuously chat about this, but like, just put together ideas and stuff. We'll those graphics done up that you're going to. Do over the weekend, no massive rush on them, but then we can just get them up and possibly even start trialing a few different audiences and stuff like that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, cool. Yeah, I'll get all that done. They'll be done this weekend, so it's easy to do.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Imogen Harris: Cool. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. All right, well, enjoy your weekend, and if you have any questions on that, just let me know.
Imogen Harris: No rush. Awesome. Thank you. Appreciate you. See you soon. Bye.


>>> 150/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-03T04:41:23Z | id:135172605
People: Kyle Musca

Michael Cui: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: You're good, man. You're good. Cool, bro. We'll dive in. How has this week been in general?
Michael Cui: Yeah, pretty decent. Not too bad. did two calls this week. One with some random guy from the UK and then one with someone that I used to coach way back just from me messaging everyone that I used to coach, like you said, the other week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice, man.
Michael Cui: That one, yeah. That wasn't even like a sales call. I just rang him and then he was like, yeah, bro. And then he just signed back up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. They're definitely the easiest. Like them and referral calls, but them even more so because if they're interested in rejoining, they already know the price. They already know exactly what goes into it. So it's like, yeah, pretty awesome sales.
Michael Cui: Yeah, exactly. So, yeah, he was kind of aware of everything already. Price is a bit higher than when he started because he signed up with me back when I was like, First starting, but yeah, he kind of signed up without any real issues or questions and then, yeah, that one, yeah, that was pretty sweet. The guy from the UK was a bit  iffy there, like it was probably just not a very qualified person to be talking to, but it's what it is and he reckons he'll get back to me, but I don't know. He was like, to me, was like, bro, can you guarantee that I'll lose 30 kilos in three months? And I was like, what? But, yeah, I mean, did he have a job? Yeah, he's like working, does like some like, he's at some like tech job, works for some tech company or something in the UK, but I don't know, just even on the phone, like as soon as he started talking, I kind of knew that it probably wouldn't go anywhere, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean, I don't it depends on how the call actually went, but you wouldn't want to fall into that trap of saying some ridiculous. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, man, I do have a guarantee, absolutely. Usually, I like to do at least 10 kilos every three months because that's a fast rate of progress, but it also is a healthy and sustainable rate of progress as well. And I do absolutely have a guarantee that if you follow everything I'll allow for you, I will give you that result for sure. But obviously, I'm not going to piss in your pocket and we can lose 30 kilos in three months, and any coach that does, man, is just lying straight to your face.
Michael Cui: Yeah, I literally said basically exactly everything you just said.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, if he doesn't take care of it, just a   gun. Be like, yeah. Then you switch it on them. Like, I guess on that, bro, like, are you just looking to get from A to B, you know, as fast and quick as possible, and you don't really care about, you know, losing muscle mass and, you know, potentially looking skinny fat in the end? Or is it like you actually want to do this properly so you can sustain it for the rest of your life?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You just, yeah, switch back on them. Always, whenever someone does  like that as well, I always like to immediately. They try and regain by asking the questions again. You know what mean? Because if they're just asking you  stupid questions, it's kind of hard to like counteract it. But if you take control and stuff and you just ask them things like that, then make it very clear that it is a stupid question without, you know, condescending them or anything like that. Then it's like you're back in control.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Cool. Sweet. So two calls overall, man. One sign, the other one seems a bit  weird, but mindset so dull moving forward. Keen to work, my own routine and scheduling is back on track, which is great, including everything business. Realized I was wasting a lot of time in the gym talking as well as travel time, so canceled memberships. Move gyms, it's quiet, allows me to actually film freely. Yep. Nice, man. Move some check. How, I mean, even on that, bro, like time efficiencies, you know, you can always be doing something with your time. So for me, whenever I was  driving to the gym. Or anything like that, man. I'll just be listening to an audiobook. And, you know, you can gather so much  knowledge by listening to audiobooks.
Michael Cui: It's ridiculous.
Kyle Musca: How long is your community current gym now?
Michael Cui: Well, now it's like less than 10 minutes. Because I live in Burley. I started training at Nexus.
Kyle Musca: I am.
Michael Cui: Because I was training at Worlds because I'd been there for like five years, but I literally know the  whole gym. And it would take me like 40 minutes to like leave, to like actually get back to my car to leave, just because of everyone I'd run into. So I left there. And I was training at this gym in Corumban as well because it was just dead and I was able to film. But that would take me like 15 or so minutes to get there every time. And I was paying for the both. And I was kind of traveling to both on different days. And I was like, oh,  it. Like, I'm just going to go to this one. And it looks a bit nicer on camera as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Nexus is a good gym, man. And they let you film sort of freely, I'm pretty sure.
Michael Cui: So yeah, they don't, they don't care.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Move some check-ins around. People have some days where it's completely free to dedicate. Yep, beautiful. Some of them pumped out the carousers this week. Yep, beautiful. Have two semi-planned scripted carousers. Yep. Do any transformations who haven't yet filmed the science-based reactions? I know we've spoken about this for ages. Yeah, cool. With the science-based, science-lifting, science-based lifting , those would also be really  fantastic to get some of your own client proof in here. I would strongly recommend, again, just keeping it real top of mind. Whenever you can include a social proof sort of thing, then do it. So, for example, like, literally said this this morning. Let me do it on this, surely. Yeah. So this video, it's just  AI slop, you know, these  things, where it's like this old dude  transformed. But I do have a client that was like 48 years old who got like six-pack abs and stuff.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I so I'm to talk about how this is AI slop, and then I'm going to add my client, be like, if you're wondering what's actually like possible for a man, you know, middle-aged man, this is my client, Scott, who stripped over 20 kilos of fat and got six-pack abs.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So again, just using those as sort of, again, anywhere you can throw  social proof in a man, just  get in there.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Awesome too, got a recent from that. Are there still conversations in the works that are happening from that, or have you kind of exhausted it?
Michael Cui: Well, I messaged all of them. There's probably still some people that I'm still like kind of going back and forth with, like it hasn't gotten to. a point where I've like necessarily said anything directly about coaching or anything. They're just kind of giving me like a life update.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I find with them as well, man, like it's, it can feel a little bit awkward to ask, but I think it's, you know, obviously don't just go straight in with the ask, like, you know, touch base, conversate with them a little bit, but do directly ask at some point.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Be like, you know, again, it's always easy to stick to like goal, sort of struggle, see what they're going, how they're going. If they mention anything to do with, you know, maybe they've fallen off track or whatever the , be like, oh, sick, man. Well, you know, I'm actually looking at taking on a few lads, you know, after Easter, are you keen to sort of dial things back in and just sort of directly ask, you know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Playing around with the Claude. Did many people opt in for the presentation you built?
Michael Cui: I had about eight-ish.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Anything, any conversations or anything come from that?
Michael Cui: Not necessarily like briefly, but it didn't end up really like going into anything crazy. They were just kind of like, oh, this is awesome, bro. Like, appreciate it. Or this is, you know, great. Like, appreciate the information or appreciate the knowledge, like whatever. So nothing crazy from that. But it was good. Like, I actually, I did not mind doing that at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, like sometimes you're not, you know, it's not always going to directly convert into that. The lead magnets are really designed to get people in the information gathering stage. You know what mean? Like, not everyone's going to be in a buying mindset.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, they might be just sort of piecing, like they reached out because they're interested to learn more, right? So they're in the information gathering stage. And for that, I would just, you know, just leave the door open and be like, awesome, man. Well, like, if you do want to, you know, work with a coach, really dial things in. Just let me know and I'll get you sorted.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Easy.
Kyle Musca: I mean, just keep the door open and, you know, ideally when they do, you because they'll keep consuming your content and everything like that. Eventually they might just reach out and be like, , I'm ready to do it.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: More transformation posts from me, including more, yep, beautiful, keep up the stories, go back to back, yep, beautiful. Kind of took actions already, everything stems from my own schedule, a sleep schedule, when I train, when I do certain tasks. was a bit all at the shop, but I decided to dial in for the of my own physique, progress, yeah. Yeah, that's the other thing as well, I like I find when you're sort of really dialing in with your, you know, overall training, nutrition, and, you know, physique in general, everything else is really dialed in, you know what mean? Because you have to have the discipline to show up and get  done on time. So, and, you know, something I'm obviously very massive on is the overall sleep schedule. If you're getting   sleep, not only does it throw your schedule out in terms of timing and when you're doing stuff, but you're just not going to be very, very efficient overall. You what mean? You're going to have that brain fog. We have low energy. From low energy stems negative emotions and everything like that. Procrastination starts to creep in. So, yeah, I guess it all kind of does come back to sleep, but also the schedule around that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, because I know like for me as well, I was having, yeah, like probably before last week, sleep was like pretty . was just like inconsistent. And I'd wake up and I'd like be doing stuff and I'd be like, oh, okay, like I need to film some . But I was just not in the mood to like talk to the camera and I couldn't like talk to the camera properly. So I'd be like, oh, yeah, like I'll do this, you know, maybe tomorrow and then just kept repeating and then I wouldn't even get it done like either way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that can also be a procrastination thing, like a bit of a both. Again, as I said, when you sleep leads to procrastination. What I would do there is like, well, obviously the easiest  fix there is obviously fix sleep. But what I like to do is I do like to get highly caffeinated anytime I'm about to film content. Okay. Or do anything creative.
Michael Cui: You want those juices flowing.
Kyle Musca: You want to be in a good energy. don't want be in like a low energy state. And the second thing, man, is just time block. Like if I sit down for two hours and all I do is  stare at the wall because I can't think of anything, that's my problem. That's what I'll do. And kind of just teach yourself that we are doing this. You know what mean? It doesn't give up. I don't care. Because if you know, it's kind of like burning the boats. If you know that you can give yourself an out and like, I'll just do this tomorrow, then it's like you will. You know what mean? And then the same thing happens. I'll just do this tomorrow. I'm not in the mood. Because you never really need to film content. So it's like there's a bit of nuance to that as well. Like obviously if you're  super low on energy and you're just feeling real down and you're just like not creative at all and you feel, you know, like not just average but actually , then it's like that's different. I wouldn't try and force it then. But it also depends on like how often you're actually doing that. If you're feeling   every single day once. Something needs to improve. Something needs to be fixed.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But two, like you also need to be able to produce stuff. I mean, you need to be able to officially produce stuff.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: For Claude, yeah, what is, how are you feeling with that now?
Michael Cui: Yeah, sweet. I watched a video last night about it and just this guy kind of just like showing like where everything is and like how to use everything. And it's, yeah, it makes it a lot clearer. Obviously, like I still have all like the prompts and like the docs and stuff that you've sent me. And so this week, I'll just kind of go back through it and just kind of add it all into Claude instead.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's what I did. I just went through all my ChatGPT ones. And in ChatGPT, you can like see, I got rid of my ChatGPT description, but let's see if it's still here. Yeah. So for example, you'll see the... Sources here. And then I would just like copy that, for example, and then go put it in Google Docs and it should find, yeah, it'll find the Google Doc. And then I just downloaded that and put it into a Claude project.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And that's how I just rebuilt the presentations there. It's pretty quick and easy.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I definitely think Claude's better. Claude just, one, gives you way better information. It's more reliable and accurate and also is better at creative writing as well. Um, perfect, man. So let's have a gaze. Is there anything specifically you are struggling with this week?
Michael Cui: Um, I did do like, I think I see like Cal and I know like Emily does them as well, where it's kind of just like a short, it's like a short video and then like all the  in the description.
Kyle Musca: Yep.
Michael Cui: Or in the caption. I did that again, I think yesterday and I've done it before in the past. But they always, they like never necessarily hit when I do them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, again, in some counts just  geared for certain types of content. I mean, they're not the, I don't think they're the best in terms of converting either. You know what mean? Like, they're all right, but, well, I guess with people like Emily and people like Cal and stuff, like the physique really sells itself. Especially someone like Cal, you know what mean? Like the physique stops the scroll. Is it like this one?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, it's also probably the type of people that witness this because people that would see this video, probably a younger male demographic that are going to engage with the video itself. Whereas a younger male demographic aren't, they're not going to want to read all this. But for someone like Cal, for example, it might be like a mid, not a middle age, but like a male in his 30s, for example, who is, Cal's audience is like guys that are already trying to train and take things to the next level. So again, he's kind of got that authority in that space. They want to like read what he's saying. Same with Emily's. It's going to be more like gen pop girls that, and girls specifically like this kind of content more.
Michael Cui: You know what mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Good engagement on that.
Michael Cui: But yeah, I think like the reactions like that, like the shorter ones, and then obviously like my transformation videos, when I do do them, they're all relatively consistent in terms of like overall engagement and like views and everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which is perfect. Again, realistically, you only need like one or two of these to really pop off and you can just become, slot yourself very nicely into that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, I've got like a few like that I posted maybe what, like two weeks ago that are still, like still now, like I get followers and everything from them.
Kyle Musca: With this, you might even want to do, so something, you might want to have more on-screen  with this. You can just keep it as a general workout, but. So this upper body day on repeat, assisted, unassisted pull-ups.
Michael Cui: I just have like text on the, on the video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd probably do. If you're going to do them, yeah.
Michael Cui: Yeah, cool. I don't do like those ones like too frequently.
Kyle Musca: They're just kind of like. Yeah, I think they're good to get on because they, you know, when people do come onto your page and stuff, they see, see that. Now, the only. If you're going to take a photo of, like, this as well, even that, I would put a transformation in the back, you know what mean? Like, pull up a client's profile and have the, you know, side-by-side progress pics or something like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful, showing you working. That is a good news. Yeah, perfect. Yeah. Sick, man. Beautiful. They come out and lost it. 86 as well. It's a pretty decent engagement on that. Yeah, all day, only four exercises, yeah. Is this the crumb engine?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think Nexus will definitely just help with the overall lighting and aesthetic of it as well.
Michael Cui: Yeah, just like the crumb engine's great and everything, it's just like looks really washed out because of the color scheme as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Michael Cui: Whereas all the videos that I've taken so far at Nexus just look so much crisper because it's black.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. One thing I think you should jump on more, especially if you're going to do stuff like this, man, is just get on the trend. Get on trends and , you know what mean? Because they're basically, they're very, very similar style of content. I just think the trends have that more virality aspect to them. So, for example... example... example... Um, Where was it? Yeah, yeah. And that only works when...
Michael Cui: You get on it quick.
Kyle Musca: You get on it quick, but you use the right one that's... I don't know if that's the... I did one with that audio, not this past week, but the week before. Mm-hmm.
Michael Cui: Um... And it did pretty decent, like 6.6k views, like just under 200 likes on that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, so I would probably do that. A  laptop never lets me do it. But even when you see them, it's just like, you know, tap interested. I want to see more of that. You know what mean? Because they're so  easy, man. Like you could easily, easily pump out  as many videos as you really wanted to, you know what mean? Like, and again, it's a great way to get the virality, but also show off your physique.
Michael Cui: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: You know, so, and I just think that they're going to pull harder for you than, you know, stuff like this where, well, not necessarily that one, stuff like this. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, to be fair, you could even do that with the  caption as well.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean? Yeah. Perfect. But I think we're getting a really good base of content now overall, man. We're getting some carousels in there. We're getting your voiceovers in there more often. You're getting your reaction videos, which are consistently doing well.
Michael Cui: Yeah, I've got all my stories have kind of expired, but I've got, like I scripted out another voiceover that I just need to  put the videos and stuff over today. And I've still been sussing like Kiara and Meet Madeline's like page and stuff for like the overall inspo, especially for the start, like the beginning of those videos. But yeah, I think like I definitely need, I think I definitely need more like things where I'm showing like client transformations, like being able to weave that into more of my videos, I think with like the really short. Short reactions that I do, like, it's great for, like, overall engagement and everything, but for people to actually, I guess, yeah, like, give a  about what I do, I need to be able to kind of show that a bit more.
Kyle Musca: Well, yeah, I think you're probably going down the route of doing the short reactions a little bit too much. Well, not too much. I think you should keep the same volume as you're doing them. Not enough  there. Yeah, yeah, because there's the Virelli component to them, which is what we want. But then I think, and this is where the science-based lifting ones are probably going to come in clutch, where you can actually talk about the topic, you know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, for example, like, you'll see I've switched away from doing the short, super short reaction ones as much. To be fair, I'm trying to switch away from doing any of the sort of funnier reaction ones to a degree. Like, I'll still do ones like this and stuff, but trying to do more, you know, motivating, you know, inspiration and transformation. I don't know if you saw this one. Um, have you seen this one?
Michael Cui: Nah, I don't think so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we'll watch it. a little bit of a controversial take, but I feel like the only people that say you've changed, bro, are absolute losers that you used to call a friend. And if you think about it, it makes... Yeah, that itself is a, like, controversial, not a controversial take, but it hooks people in, you know what I mean? ...sense why they wouldn't want you to change. First of all, losers love surrounding themselves with other losers. They feel better as brutes because when they're alone, they have to confront how  their life actually is. And second, if you came from the same place as them and your life is marginally better, it means that they had all the opportunity and did nothing with it. So if your old men's are giving you  because you've changed, then it probably means you're on the wrong path. So for them, man, they're, again, more motivational, more mindset, you know, more inspirational, more than anything. But they work  fantastically for that reason. And with them, I try and get them around, like, I found the sweet spot is realistically around 30 to 40 seconds. them going to to around, like, You know what mean? Which is hard because I do like to yap. So a lot of them do come out to be about , you know, one thing I'm probably also going to start doing more of as well, Evan, is like these types of videos. don't know if you saw this one. This has nothing to do with coaching at all. This has to do with like how, you know, Australia's in the  with everything at the moment. But you start to become more of an actual personality then rather than just a fitness coach or just a, you know, yeah, guy that reacts to . You become someone who actually has deep, like good takes and talks about more than just fitness, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Also, yeah, again, I'm not going to tell you to get into that line of things. But it makes you more relatable as well. You know what I mean? Because if I'm talking about how, like that whole video was in how Australia's tax system's  and like, you know, it's geared against its own people and everything like that. Like, who do you think that's going to relate to? To  hard-working Australians who were sick of, you know, the government taxing the  out of them, which is  everyone. So it's like, it makes me, again, a lot more relatable, which means that when they are going to look for a fitness coach, I'm going to be someone who stands out to them because of that, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what saying?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Similar stuff, like another one is, these are good, and the reason I'm showing you these videos is because they are health-related. They are fitness-related, but there's no education in them.
Michael Cui: Like, I don't know if you saw this one where it's about the health ministers. Yeah, I think I did watch that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, again, I'm talking about how it's, one, it's a controversial topic, as you can see in this comment. Like, this is what you want in the comment section. You know what mean? People are engaging in this. People are , you know, pissed off. People agree heavily, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, right? But. I'm talking about, again, it's a much more polarizing piece of content than, you know, for example, even something like that, where it's just about, you know, you'd like to have apps, which is still good, like it's still good content a piece to do. Is that trying to make, I'm trying to like make it clear what I'm saying. Is that making sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: I mean, even something like that, that's like more funny, more viral, but it's like, this is going to be more pulling because I'm, this, this, you know, everyone kind of likes this kind of content. It's funny, it's whatever. This, I'm very clearly drawing a line in the sand of people I do want to attract and people I don't want to attract. Right? And that's kind of what I'm looking for in my content now. Any, any questions on that?
Michael Cui: No, it makes sense. Like I was kind of thinking the same thing as well. Like the, this past week, like I've saved a few, like other videos to react to that. aren't just like me doing short reactions because yeah like obviously those ones there's not much like there's not much to it like I kind of show a facial expression and just say some  one-liner at the end like there's no like  what's the word there's no like juice to it yeah yeah like no one gets anything from that like it's entertaining for like maybe 20 seconds like great um but yeah like I agree and so I've been kind of saving more videos like that um just to react and actually give my opinion or like my perspective on certain things or even if it is like other people's like training stuff it's like you know them saying oh like this is the  best bicep exercise or whatever and if it's like you're just  not just like being able to explain why it's not and actually be able to give something from the videos not just have it there purely for the sake of engagement yeah yeah absolutely as I said like I still think that um it's worth having for you to do them I just think you need a good again it's about a good mix you know I mean that's what a good you
Kyle Musca: So the content plan really is, is it's good mix of, you know, the more viral engaging content, but then there's the content that has the more juice that, you know, people are going to see you more of an authority and actually be able to relate to you and like sort of start to feel like they know you, you know what I mean? Like that's the essence of it. They should feel like they kind of almost know you and what you're about and who you are through your content.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what And again, I think this is hard because it's like, you've got to, it's got to be like, you know, genuine. Yeah, it's got to be genuine, but you've got to be in a way polarizing. Because again, if everyone's agreeing with you, then nobody cares. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, I think that's why, you know, getting into the science-based lifting side of things is probably good for you because I can see, you know, something that you're from, from what I know interested in is, you know, the more, you know, advanced sort of like levels of lifting and everything like that. And when you get into the more advanced levels of lifting. Then, again, a lot more people have a lot more opinions about it, which is what we want, but then you've got to dumb it down so everyone can understand what you're talking about at the same time.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and there's plenty of them out there, man. Like, you know, again, you're hitting the interested thing on the reels when you see them. Yeah. Yeah, because that just literally, I don't even have to save videos anymore. I will look, when I sit down to film them, I literally just go to my reels and I can literally save every single one I see and just , it's like that easy for me now because I, just because of that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: I think, man, this is still, no, I got kicked out. But I think overall, like, things are coming along nicely. We're just, again, I'd love to start seeing, yeah, I'd love to start seeing the, the value. Value component coming out because we're starting to get the more viral. I also think we're probably starting to steer back towards the easy kind of content a little bit too much, if that makes sense. Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I also think something you said before there with the voiceovers, man, you'll know that you'll get good at something, like a content piece, when you don't have to script or anything for them. And that's what I would kind of work towards for you, is just sort of using, you know, maybe having like Meet Madeline's videos up or whoever the  you're trying to draw inspiration off. And then just having the mic there in front of you, listen to it, and then be like, cool. You know, if you're a dude trying to lose, if you're trying to, if you're a dude trying to build some big -off flats, this is the only four exercises you need. Again, just off the top of my head.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because that will... Produce efficiency like  crazy. Like you'll able to pump out  10 times more videos if you don't have to script.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: And if they start to pull through for you, you know, it makes sense. Again, as we've spoken, I'd get an edit from you, you'd have to produce  20 times more videos.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that?
Michael Cui: Nah, nah, that'll make sense.
Kyle Musca: How's the community started things going, man?
Michael Cui: Is that starting to pick up a bit? Yeah, yeah. I've been posting in there or like at least sending messages in there a bit more consistently. And I'll probably do like an internal challenge for April kind of thing with like the posting and the tagging and stuff. And yeah, I'll probably text that in today. Yeah, today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. One thing, have you been asking for referrals?
Michael Cui: Yeah, like every two weeks I kind of ask. Or like bring it up.
Kyle Musca: In the check-in or directly ask them?
Michael Cui: For me, in the check-in more at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What you might even want to do, man, is just go through each one of your clients or broadcast them or however. Just send them a message. Be like, hey, bro, I'm looking to take on a few people in April. Have you got any mates that are potentially keen on dialing things in? Yeah. like directly text asking so they have to reply.
Michael Cui: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, because again, if it's in a check-in, they don't have to respond to you or anyone and they'll just forget about it. It's nice to keep top of mind for sure. But again, the more directly you ask to them, the better.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So that's probably something I would do this week is going through. How do you message your clients? Is it through the app itself or is it through like WhatsApp or something?
Michael Cui: I do it through WhatsApp.
Kyle Musca: Oh, perfect. Have you got broadcasters set up?
Michael Cui: No.
Kyle Musca: So do you know what a broadcast list is?
Michael Cui: I'm assuming it's just when you can send everyone a message at the same time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but like individually, so not like a group chat.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Only thing with broadcast lists is they have to add you back as a contact to actually see it come through. So most of your clients should be fine, but there's always some , you know, dickheads that just don't add you as a contact. How do you send check-in forms out?
Michael Cui: Check-ins are done through Kahunas. So like Kahunas notifies them and then they fill out their check-in form through Kahunas because it's like attached. then film it on Loom, but then I just send it through on WhatsApp.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, dude, broadcast lists will be  good for you then because it's like that way you can do midweek check-ins as well. You just add everyone to the list on like, you know, if it's  Monday check-in client on Thursday, everyone in the Monday check-in client section, you just create a broadcast list. Hey, bro, how's How's things going this week? Yeah. sends it to everyone. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, really, really helpful for, again, even just the referral thing we just spoke about. Yeah, that's something I would definitely do. Cool, man. Any other questions or anything you sort of need to handle it?
Michael Cui: Not at the moment. Probably throughout the week, though, this week, I'd say. But at the moment, I'm pretty sweet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. Okay. Well, yeah. Yeah, man, next time we jump on a call next week, I want to see some exercise science, evidence-based,  science-based lifting reactions.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. All right, man. All right, we'll keep it pumping. And, yeah, anything you need me for review or any questions or anything, definitely feel free to send it through.
Michael Cui: Yeah, easy, guys. Sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Cheers, bro. You enjoy your weekend, and I'll chat to you soon.
Michael Cui: You too, man.
Kyle Musca: Thank you.


>>> 151/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-07T07:22:55Z | id:135760946
People: Kyle Musca

Callum Braithwaite: This meeting is being recorded. How you going, man?
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro. How's your day?
Callum Braithwaite: Good, man. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good. How was your Easter weekend?
Callum Braithwaite: Awesome, man. It was pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah?
Callum Braithwaite: Nice, man. How was yours?
Kyle Musca: Pretty good, man. Like, to be honest, I didn't even really realize it was Easter weekend until, like, the first day.
Callum Braithwaite: Heaps of fun, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, I mean, you never really sort of get a holiday with this type of thing. But, um, cool, bro. Well, bro, awesome jumping on. just want to sort of touch base with you. Um, how you're sort of feeling after the challenge and everything like that. Obviously, you've made some  unreal progress.
Callum Braithwaite: Yeah, man. On, , I feel like a million bucks, though. Um, but, yeah, it was, it was good, man. It was, been, it's been. It challenging few months before that, and then it was when the challenge started, it just got a bit more challenging, but it was like, I don't know, man, just having the group there and having Kyle messaging me all the time and getting on the call once a week and stuff like that, it was just nice to, like I said from the start, I just wanted to do it because I just wanted some accountability and wanted someone there to guide me, and he helped me out heaps, man. I don't know, I couldn't thank, I can't thank you enough, really, because I feel like I get, I get a lot of progress sometimes, and then I just  jump back into old habits and stuff like that, but this time it's, you know, we've gone past that threshold and feel much better, man, so, yeah, pre-credited, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, awesome, man, that's awesome to hear, and I guess, man, you mentioned, you know, the other day, you're sort of the lightest you've been since, I think, high school, you said. I guess, like, what's, uh. I guess, what did you sort of struggle with the most, you know, before you sort of jumped into the program?
Callum Braithwaite: Probably just like coping mechanisms, man. My biggest coping mechanism is food. So I've sort of always been like since high school, for some reason, I thought it was like a big goal of mine to get to 100 kilos when I was like 85. And I was like, , I can't wait to be 100 kilos because to me that just meant like I'm going to be big. I'm going to be like a solid dude. But then that was like  15 years ago. And I haven't really been under that threshold since then. So, yeah, it was like every time I tried to come back under, like I learned to use food. It's like a coping mechanism for anything that went wrong in my life or if was having bad times or I was also on the piss a lot, like getting on drugs a lot and the first thing you want to do on a Sunday when you're coming down or whatever is like go smash Macca's, like get KFC, like you're never really in a good cycle. And that was like 10 years of just a real  cycle, you know. It wasn't until the last sort of year that I started training properly again and then when the challenge came up it was like, okay, well I'm already like I've been doing this for nine months, like pretty consistently. Now is probably a good time, better than any other time to really just dig in, you know, and have a crack lot. So, yeah, that's the biggest change for me is like using training and walking especially and like cardio, like using that as a coach. Coping mechanism rather than going straight to the  pantry and being like, I'm just going to smash everything in here. Even like that, I even noticed that when I was on Easter, man, all I wanted to do, I was like, when I finish this challenge, I'm going to eat like 50 hot cross buns. And I think I got through four of them and I felt sick. And I was like, I don't want this day. This is not what I'm after. I'd rather go, now I want to go for a walk. And it's like, you know, it's Easter Sunday. Like, I don't know who I am anymore, but I like her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Braithwaite: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you feel like the challenge sort of not only got, you know, helped you get from point A to point B, but it's also sort of shifted some of those habits you've been dealing with over the last decade, really.
Callum Braithwaite: 100%. Like, I've been really struggling with those, man. But now it's like, it's been a huge mental shift. So like everyone always says it, like, you know, you've got to change your mindset and stuff like that. But nobody really tells you, like... Like, know, know, know, like And you don't really have to change your mindset. It's more like your body will change it for you, like when you do everything right. Like I didn't wake up one day and just sort of think, oh, now this is all I want to do. was kind of like just like sleepwalking essentially until like this sort of mindset. And now like I'm here, I'm just like, oh, , like I really don't want to go back to the other lifestyle and eating like  and, you know, not training, like, yeah, I feel like a new person, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's awesome, man. That's awesome to hear. And you said you were sort of getting back into the swing of things for nine months before sort of jumping on board. Like, did you notice much of a difference, you know, in that nine months prior compared to the 12 weeks you've just done or?
Callum Braithwaite: Yeah, bro, I'll send you some photos, man, of what I looked like in April last year. And then what I looked like just before. I started the challenge. I was like, I'm pretty much stayed the same weight. I think I lost a kilo over nine months. But my body composition is like pretty much what it was like what you seen me at the start of this challenge. But before that, man, I was like, I had a  massive gut and just super unhealthy and look like a bag of , basically. So, but that was all, like, there was a lot of help to a friend I was living with at the time. And he was getting me into the training. And so the food was still a bad thing. But like, I was like making it consistent with the training and stuff like that and making sure that I was going to stick to it. And I think you just came along at the right time, man. It was like when I was already in a decent mindset, like, okay, let's actually do something about this.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome, man. Awesome. Well, I mean, you've lost, you know, more than 16 kilos over the last sort of like 12 odd weeks, man, I guess. Besides from that, like, what has been the biggest win from the program?
Callum Braithwaite: It's hard to say, man. Like, there's so many little things. But the biggest win, I would say, for me personally, is just, like, the mindset, like, and the change of mindset. That's, for me, more than anything, really. Because the weight's one thing, and that's, like, you know, it's a good physical attribute, like, to, or, like, a physical, like, trophy, I guess, to be like, look what you've done. But it's all the mental side of things, man. Like, I'm, you know, I just feel so much better, like, in life in general. And I feel like everything I do now, there's always going to be, like, like, if it's challenging or whatever, it's not, like, it's just, like, yeah, but you can do it. Like, you can get. Like, there's so many other aspects in my life that it's kind of gone into now. And I think that's the biggest win, bro, really, like, is the mindset shift.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome. So you feel like sort of the, I guess, the confidence you gain from it and I guess the confidence in your own ability to sort of see things like that through is translated into the aspects of your life.
Callum Braithwaite: 100%, man. Because then even, like, you know, I just feel more motivated and stuff, like, to do other things now as well, like, that I probably wasn't before. And I don't know if, like, that's a confidence thing or if that's just because I've got energy now. But whatever it is, like, yeah, my life's been so much, like, I don't know, it's only been three months, man, but , it's, like, dramatically, like, it's wild. It's wild to think, like, it was such a short period of time and, like, literally everything can change so much in a short period of time, so. Yeah. Yeah, I really appreciate it, man. Like, honestly, it's been  sick, so.
Kyle Musca: How flesh, man. It's been  sick, like, seeing you come so far in such a short period of time. And I guess that's, you exactly why we do it, man. So, no, we're just as stoked as you are on it. I guess, how about people around you, man? Have people around you sort of noticed you've changed much, or is that?
Callum Braithwaite: Yeah. But, like, to be honest, man, I haven't even seen a lot of people, bro.
Kyle Musca: Like, I've been so logged in, like, and just been, I missed out on, like,  so much.
Callum Braithwaite: I'm sure, I don't know if Kyle will let you know, bro, but, like, I was meant to go to Belgium in March, and then, obviously, like, Trump started the war with Iran, and so that got canned. But, like, you know, other than that, like, I was meant to be going with a bunch of friends, and I haven't seen those friends all year, and then still haven't seen them. So, like, I don't even know, man. Like, but my missus, definitely. Oh, . It's unreal how much you've changed. And my parents as well, like, they're just like, , I'm so proud, like, that it was able to happen. Like, because I was even, I started the challenge when I was at my sister's wedding, man, in Queensland. Like, I'll come in with all this, like, protein and , and mum's like, what are you doing? And I'm like, mum, I'm starting a challenge. It starts today, and I'm really sorry. But, like, she's just like, okay, well, look, do what you've got to do, mate, and stick to it. So, yeah, she's been, yeah, awesome, man. It's been good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's sick, man. And I guess anything that's sort of, like, surprised you about the program, about the challenge, in terms of, like, what was actually included and everything like that?
Callum Braithwaite: Or was it? No, it was pretty good, man. It was, I like the, I like the one-on-one calls. I think that was a big driver for me, is, like, you know, you don't want to, you don't want to have that call with Kyle and then... , he's, like, angry at or, you know, or disappointed. Like, you want him to, every week, be like, okay, man, like, you're doing well, like, rather than being like, what happened this week, brother?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So you sort of feel like that accountability factor was one of the biggest things for you?
Callum Braithwaite: That was my biggest thing, man, yeah. So that was the whole reason I took it up because I was like, at least I'm, like, going to have somebody there. To tell me, like, that's where I'm going wrong and stuff like that. But also, I don't like disappointing people. I don't like disappointing myself, but I'll disappoint myself a lot more than I try to disappoint other people, you know. So that was like, okay, well, you can't really  around now. And also, I'm paying for it too. So it's like, you're paying, you might as well get the, like, you might as well use it. So, um, otherwise. It's just a waste of money, you know, so it was good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, for sure, man, for sure. And I guess, man, the ultimate question, do you regret doing it?
Callum Braithwaite: No, definitely not, though. Look at me, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, it's been, I've been chatting to Kyle quite a lot about your progress, man. We're definitely both very stoked with it. So, bro, I just want to jump on here. I want to just have a chat with you just to see how you sort of felt about everything over the last sort of 12 weeks. And sort of see where you're at. But also, man, I wanted to sort of let you know that you were the challenge winner, which is awesome. So, yeah, basically, bro, we'll be putting you on a flight and sending you over to Bali where you want. And, man, you can show off your new physique in Bali and make up for that Belgium trip.
Callum Braithwaite: hell, man. Yes, dude. Thank you, bro. Thank you so much.
Kyle Musca: No, that's no stress, man. Yeah, again, it's been absolutely phenomenal seeing you, bro. And again, you're the exact type of guy we want in the team. And I know a lot of the other guys have been sort of looking up to people like yourself and using them as motivation. So it's awesome to see not only you come so far, but like being able to have that effect on other guys that are in the journey as well.
Callum Braithwaite: Yeah. Thank you, man. I really appreciate it, bro. Like I was, I don't know, I felt like I kind of just, I've been a little bit quiet in that chat, but I just, I just wanted to dial, man. I just wanted to dial in and just, and just  see what I can, what I'm capable of, man. And thank you so, so much.
Kyle Musca: No, you're a good man. What I'll do is I'll, I'll just, I'll show you a message and everything afterwards, man. And we'll just tee up a time that, you know, suits for you and work out a time when you can sort of get over it and we'll just put it all together for you. Oh, I think the video's cut out. Are you there? I've seen you.
Callum Braithwaite: Sorry, man, buddy. Phone overcooked itself.
Kyle Musca: No, no worries. Is it overheating, is it?
Callum Braithwaite: Yeah, it's just came up with the old overheating sign, man, so.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, no, too easy.
Callum Braithwaite: That's all right. I'm back now, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, bro. Well, I won't take it too much longer because it'll probably cut out again. What I'll do, bro, is I'll just show you a message and then we'll just tee up a time for when you want to get over there. And, yeah, we'll put it together for you, man, and, yeah, enjoy your trip.
Callum Braithwaite: Perfect.
Kyle Musca: Thanks so much, bro. appreciate it so much. No worries at all, man. Bro, you enjoy the rest of the day. Man, no worries. I'll chat to you very soon, bro.
Callum Braithwaite: Thanks, brother.
Kyle Musca: Thank you, thank you, thank you. No worries. Cheers, man. See you later, have a good one, man.


>>> 152/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-08T04:59:02Z | id:136136173
People: Kyle Musca

Ben: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro. How you going?
Ben: What's going on, legend? What's happening?
Kyle Musca: Oh, not too much. Just working away.
Ben: How about yourself? Yeah, mate. Much the same, mate. Just working and  getting some  done, which is nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, man. Cool. Beautiful, bro. How's things been in the last sort of week?
Ben: Yeah, pretty good, mate. Just  flat out, eh? Just busy. We're away at the moment, so I'm just kind of doing some stuff in between chilling out and doing that stuff. But, yeah, it's been hectic. I've had, like, what have we had, like, 12 calls or something this week already, so it's been pretty hectic on that sort of things. But other than that, not much else has been going on, to be honest, mate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful, man. How was the conversions like on those 12 calls?
Ben: I can actually tell you exactly. I think it's five new clients.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah,  yeah, beautiful, man.
Ben: Yeah, so it's been foundations, a couple of core, and then, yeah, just foundations of core, no elites yet. So that's cool. It's good having the other tiers too to , when we don't get the elites, they're just like, oh. Some of them, they just actually don't even  need it. They don't need the care and hands-on stuff, so it's good having them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. And that's unrolling the new offers that we sort of spoke about?
Ben: Yeah, that's after we had that first call. I pretty much implemented all that stuff straight away with like the tiered offers, and I was like, , that's going to be good, because it's like, for one coach, you can still run like 50, 60 clients pretty comfortably, as opposed to having every single one on elite, where it's like, capacity's like 25 with it, because it's just like, it's  so hands-on and hectic, so yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. to be honest, man, they obviously all came organically, assume, none from the Yeah, yeah, all from like poles and stuff, yeah. Yeah, fantastic. I if you're getting that organically and we throw ads in there, realistically, I think if you're getting consistently five clients a week, it's like That's enough volume to bring on a coach. You know what mean?
Ben: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, again, we won't rush into that by any means, but hopefully we get into the ad side of things and just sort of ramp that up. Yeah. That's kind of what I want to chat to you about. I'm getting all the marketing and stuff put together as I sent you through that messaging manual yesterday. So hopefully I have some ad scripts and everything based off that very soon for you. But essentially I want to just get the system and everything like that built out and ready to go. So anything you want to chat about in this session?
Ben: Not really. I kind of – I put together those stills yesterday. I've only got six. So just specifically for the men because at the moment I do want to take females on because we do do that. But for the time being, it's like I kind of just want to build out a community of like some pretty  sick legends. So I kind of want to get the men stuff going just in Australia here especially because I think the couple of coaches that I'm in communications with, like just talking to about – What they're doing and stuff. They're all local. So I was like, it'd be better if we can just really ramp up the stuff in Oz here. Time zone's a better one. And then down the track, we'll look into the US stuff. But for now, I'm pretty happy just rolling in that avenue. I'll get the female ones done. I'll need some proper marketing photos that'll probably align with a female audience, which again, being away this week, I can't get. But next week when I get home, I can do that. I think men, like you spoke about men, are just a little bit different. And chicks that don't really give a  about your physique and stuff. They just kind of want to, like the messaging and the reading of scripts. So I might get some stuff with my partner in there and those kind of things, some photos with that. And I think that'll be the money ball. But I kind of want to run over that stuff with you. And then I've got to give you access to all the ads in ManyChat.
Kyle Musca: I have no idea how to do any of that. So I wanted to do that with you on this call as well to make sure you've got access to all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. So with that as well, to be honest, we'll never know what audience. It works best until we try. That's just really marking. In my experience, women are easier to sell to, to be honest, because they spend more money on that type of . Like men are like,  it, I'll do it myself. I'll figure it out. So, I mean, there's pros and cons to both. We'll run with men to begin with and then see what the response is like.
Ben: Once we have the female ones, we can upload them, see what the response is like, and just continue scaling from there. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's start with the access and everything like that, because what I'll do is I'll get the mini chat flow into your account. That way you can go and sort of reword it. will have to have a male and a female. Very, very important on this actually, while top of mind, is if we're going to obviously split the audience, which I think we should obviously do, always use, the easiest way is to always use a completely different trigger word. So, like for men, we'll have a list of trigger words. For females, we'll have a list of trigger words. If we use the same one, they'll come in through the same mini chat flow. We have to add an extra level of... One, we have to make the messaging apply to both, so it's less specific. And then we have to ask if they're a male or female, and that adds a level of friction. We just don't need to add if we can get on top of it soon.
Ben: Yeah, no, that's cool. That's fine. Yeah, that's easy peasy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So this should hopefully not take too long at all. If you want to share your screen real quick, and then just go to meta and mini chat.
Ben: Yeah, cool. All right. I don't know what's  going on here. Oh, there we go. I had to click on it. Oh, mate.
Kyle Musca: Jesus. You got that air? Yeah, yeah, yeah, perfect.
Ben: Cool. I'll go on to mini chat here. That's funny.
Kyle Musca: So mini chat's super easy. All you need to do is go settings, team, team members, and then it should just be able to send me a link.
Ben: Invite a new member and send me a link. Do you want an admin?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, go admin. be easiest.
Ben: Generate a link. And then I'll just send that one straight to you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben: Yeah, I'll send that to you on the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Still haven't got WhatsApp on your phone.
Ben: No, mate. I'm actually going to do it. I've got on my list to do it after this. I was thinking about it before I jumped. I was like, , I still haven't got WhatsApp on my laptop yet.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So good access to that. What I'll do now, if you want to go over to meta, what I'll do while you're doing that, because I'll get the flow into your...
Ben: Do you want just the business suite or the, what is it, business suite?
Kyle Musca: Go ads manager.
Ben: Ads manager. Awesome. I'm in on the ads manager there.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Okay. We'll go back. Yep. Now, if you want to go, let me grab my arrow, settings, which is down here. Now go, yeah, just people, invite people.
Ben: Oh, people, yep.
Kyle Musca: Then I'll send you my email. So all you need to do is go full control for everything is easiest.
Ben: And from there, I should be able to add myself to things. Cool. And then I'll just add you to these ones here and just go everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then add, oh, wait, wait, not yet. Go add account.
Ben: So yeah, and just do it for the same thing for everything. Yep, cool. And just the Facebook page is in the add account there?
Kyle Musca: Go Pixels and Instagram account as well.
Ben: Cool. Oh, you don't have Pixels, that's fine.
Kyle Musca: Instagram account. I don't think we can use a catalog for anything, so we don't want worry about that. Next, yep.
Ben: Accounting is like, well, you couldn't complete your action, there's been suspicious activity in your account, it may be compromised, this, I mean, someone has used your account without knowledge, you'll be redirected to resolve this issue.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so meta's being meta, so you're again.
Ben: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Nice. Four months ago, what the ?
Ben: Select anything that you don't recognise, keep everything. Four months ago, , I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Meta's the biggest, like, the most annoying country we'll ever  deal with.
Ben: Oh, man, I've actually had, like, four added camps just randomly banned, no reason.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they're a bit weird. Either you'll have no real issues with it, or they'll just, like,  make it impossible to do anything.
Ben: I don't know if that worked on your end. I might have to go back through all that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's taken us through to... I don't think it would have sent me a thing, but let's...
Ben: Okay, let me have look here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I think it got  before that.
Ben: Alright, back to the drawing board.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think you're actually in this. Yeah, yeah, Pep, yep.
Ben: don't try.
Kyle Musca: Now, what I reckon we'll do as well, just so we're top of mind, is we'll do a normal launch first.
Ben: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Just a straight direct offer, just because you should be able to click pretty well on that. And then once that starts to, like, exhaust itself, I reckon we replace it with a challenge.
Ben: Yep, that's cool. I'm happy to do that.
Kyle Musca: Challenges are very  easy to run. They're the exact same thing.
Ben: Yeah, it's just changing the words and urgency.
Kyle Musca: Yep.
Ben: All right. Invitation. Okay, done. That should be sent to you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, from there, I should be.
Ben: Yep, perfect. Sure.
Kyle Musca: So if you want to stop sharing yours, then I can start sharing mine now.
Ben: Yeah, that's awesome. But yeah, I like the idea of doing that, and we can just run, like, we can probably work out a date for it too. Like, you know, the button. And what months we're doing it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would run every sort of three months, to be honest.
Ben: That's what I thought too. Would you throw up a cash prize for that too, just to spark more interest?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like you always add a prize pool, but what's actually included in that? Like, so for me, I do like the one I'm doing right now is $10,000 worth of prizes. The winner, I'll do a free trip to Thailand too. And then I'm going to throw in, like, Ghost gives me a $400 giveaway, so I'm going to add that into it. And then technically, you know, anyone that joins, you can give a $500 voucher to continue coaching on, so that stacks up as well.
Ben: Yeah, yep. Yep, kill.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. I'm in your account now, which means I can share my screen. Okay. So the ad account itself is sweet. Let's build out the campaigns and stuff once we've actually got the marketing material there. Message add conversions. Just quickly see what he actually did here. Sales. Okay, so that shouldn't really be like that at all. Cool. Okay. We'll just quickly look at what your actual creators were. I see it. I saw a few pop up on my screen, but just, did you do these ads yourself?
Ben: Nah, I sent them off to an editor.
Kyle Musca: But like, did you write them, the description?
Ben: Yeah, I did, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, beautiful. Awesome. All right, so that's sweet. So you'll see, this is the ManyChat flow I put into your account.
Ben: All right.
Kyle Musca: See? So let's just call this. Now, there's a few things. So one, just come through and, like, you'll have to reword this ManyChat flow, obviously, to be your, your audience.
Ben: of course, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, you know, if we're going to start with men, just call it the male one, and then delete all of these ones. Are you familiar with ManyChat?
Ben: Yeah, we use it a fair bit for, like, free giveaways and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So it shouldn't be too complicated.
Ben: Anything like that, just come around and delete all the trick words and everything like that.
Kyle Musca: Then just reword as you go through. Now, for men, I like to keep it as like muscle gain, weight loss, and body recomp. For women, I mean, it really depends on the type of women that are coming to you, but I usually find women are going for weight loss. So you can either keep it as that, or you can do like how much weight you're hoping to lose, like 0 to 10, 10 to 20, 20 plus, up to you. And then I keep mine the same now, but like if I was going to sort of redo it, it's not the biggest thing in the world, but I would probably do like nutrition training, knowledge, guidance, and then maybe like structure consistency or something like that in terms of the strategy question. Again, it's not the end of the world either way. The main thing we're trying to get out of this is this bad boy here. You know, what's your current work situation?
Ben: Okay.
Kyle Musca: This is a great way to sort of, you know, qualify them as much as possible without directly asking them. How much money they make or how much money they're willing to invest. Because if you start asking hard financial qualifiers, the conversation straight goes into what does it cost and you can't get past, like it's just a conversation you very much want to avoid in the DMs, right? So as long as they're working full-time, cool, I'm counting that as a qualified lead. Now, what we'll do, so you'll see on this one here as well, so if they click working full-time, they trigger what this is. This is the version A that I was talking about. So when you come into, so you see that yours is your results. It's based off results, right? It's not a very good indicator. What I mean by that is, here's a good example of this. I'm just kidding, I should  it. So what the conversion API does is it will bring that data and pull it through as an actual lead. So as you can see here, this is just the last 30 days. This isn't like a super in-depth thing, but it's good to prove the point, is the cost per result here for her is $21.90, which, you know, as a cost per result goes, is actually decently high. But the cost per lead here is $44. So one, you can see that's more than double, which is why it's so important to track. But two, that's a bad cost per result, but that's a good cost per lead. So anything in the $40 range as a cost per lead is quite scalable, in my opinion. Whereas, you know, if you go on a cost per result, $21 is considered like decently good to keep on. $15 and under is considered good. But again, it's not a very specific, it's not very reliable. I've seen it at like under $5 as a cost per result.
Ben: But the. Quality cost per lead is over $100, for example. yeah, yeah, I get what you're saying. So it just gives us a lot more accurate data in the short term. What classes is a lead? Like, obviously, because again, depending on how you got the API set up, I guess, but like, what do your classes lead?
Kyle Musca: Someone that's like a full-time worker? Is that just like a... Yeah, so there's two things here. One is they've actually finished the ManyChat flow, so they didn't use misclick or something like that. They're an engaged person who's showing actual interest. But two, yeah, full-time. So you see the other tags, they don't have it, the conversion API. It's just full-time. Obviously, there are people that slipped the cracks. You know, you'll get time wastes every now and then, but it definitely helps to sort of like refine it. And then the goal is the DMs that is then jump in and take over the conversation from this point to further qualify.
Ben: Yeah, yeah. And with your further qualification process on that DM setting side of things, is it's just kind of like asking a few... More questions, because pretty much our only requirement, because again, obviously with the three offers, only requirement is they just have to have a full-time job. Because most of the time, most people with a full-time job, especially in Australia, they can afford at least $60 to $100 a week, which is like a low package. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's the next thing we're going to run over is the actual DM setting script. Yeah. And do you have DM setters?
Ben: Yeah, do. I've got one.
Kyle Musca: What are they charging now?
Ben: So we pay her $200 a week plus cost per quality. Sorry, we pay her $15 per quality call. So call that shows up and call that ends up having a full-time job and fitting the description, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: We're going to go off that. Are they good?
Ben: Yeah, she's  dialed. Like her first first one. So I had to tell her to calm down. She booked like 36 calls. I was like, woo up. That's  hectic.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So yeah, fantastic. How many hours per day do you have in there?
Ben: She works a full 10-hour day. So she'll work from six her time, which is eight-hour time till she usually finishes at like 8.39.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Seven days a week?
Ben: Six days, five days a No, I only work her six days a week. I'll give her a Sunday off just to  recoup. But yeah, six days a week, she works out for us.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. Well, that's actually mad good pricing then. So happy days as long as she's good and reliable. Usually just like as an input there, usually I don't like going off paying them per call because then you can get real  quality leads.
Ben: But if she's doing her job fantastically, then fantastic.
Kyle Musca: So this is the DM setting script, right? So basically when they finish the many chat flow, this is where they'll take over. That's DM says, right? Now, Pretty similar structure to the actual, the many chat flow. We ask the goal question, we ask the struggle question, and then we ask, we're trying to get the financial, soft financial question here. Now, the only reason I'm asking anything else is so I can sort of, I guess, butter them up to ask this. You know, where are you based and what do you do for work? Now, my ultimate goal here is what do you do for work? Trying to extract that out of them without directly just asking. So I hide it with, one, again, where are you based? And do you find it highly stressful or active, et cetera, et cetera. The where are you based thing does help with time zones as well, because then when you go and actually booking the call, you don't have to, like, ask that.
Ben: You've already got that information.
Kyle Musca: And then from here, this is something that you can add. It's kind of optional. But, you know, are you potentially looking at getting coached, help dial things in? So for me, it hasn't really dropped conversion rates or anything like that. I'm not asking it. So I guess you might as well. But the main thing I've included that therefore is, as it says, somewhere in this document, is if you're getting a lot of like people thinking it's free, right? So it's like, it just basically makes it very clear that, you know, it's not like free. Are you actually looking at getting a coach?
Ben: Yeah, yeah, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: There's obviously still some like retards.
Ben: Oh yeah, there is. I haven't had one for ages since we've had this setter too, but I also think like my content shifted. Like when I was doing a heap of those taste testing videos that kind of initially blew my page up, I see a  heap of just free riders and just like, and since I've just stopped doing them as frequently, I do them here and there and just actually like talk about fat loss and direct, like I've noticed a huge difference. We don't book as many calls, but the calls that we do get are just like way better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I'm the same. Yeah, I've definitely. Yeah, the messaging is like massive. Yeah. We won't go down that tangent, but I do have a lot to say. Now, you'll notice that on top of every section, there's always this, all right? So I've got trainings and stuff like this, that this I can send straight to the setter so she understands what to do here. But essentially what they do is they'll copy the entire conversation, chuck it into many, chuck it into, like, because what we'll do or what she'll do, whoever we'll do, someone will do it, build out these DM setting things. It's like these projects. So these are all the, you'll have a script in here. What I've done and what I would recommend you doing, because you'll probably have the juice to do this, is go through 50, at least 50 conversations that actually converted into clients and just put them into one big document. So you can use it as a reference on how to conversate.
Ben: Yep. Yep. Cool.
Kyle Musca: I've got this human-like texting communication thing. So it basically tells the AI how to actually, like... I guess do the like actually text like a normal  person, not, you know, spit out paragraphs and do all this like non, like all this robotic . And then the other thing I like to do here is adding a, like a master tone, for example. So kind of similar to your messaging tone for marketing, I'll do one for DM setting as well. And then basically what you'll do is you'll copy the entire conversation into it. And then all the set it needs to do is basically like, let's say you've just asked the goal question and they've replied back to you. This, you basically just copy this part into the next, like under the conversation. So it has context. It's going to take that and then personalize like the reply based off that. So it will keep the same script structure and move the conversation forward and ask the same question. But it's like, you know, it's like, what's your goal at the moment? I really want to strip 10 kilos so I can, you know, be a better role. Not for my kids, let's just say they say, as a general thing. Be like, yeah, awesome, man. Like, doing it for your kids is definitely a really strong motivator, and that's definitely doable with the right systems and structure in place. Again, just off the top of my head is a real   set. Cool. Now, with the DM setter, again, she seems good, but, like, I have experienced DM setters where they  skip steps. They don't skip steps. She skipped steps.
Ben: They all do, man. I had to pull it up on it the other day. They all do, because when you're doing the same  every day, people just get lazy, and they're like, just, yeah, I'll always pull it up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this, like, literally, like, because I had some setters, and they were just, like,  everything up, so I was like, I'm just going to sit down and make trainings and, like, literally make it retard-proof. And essentially, all their job is, like, literally just copy and pasting. As long as they do that, they can do that, then, you know, they're fine.
Ben: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Then it goes into the main. So do you manually book or do you send a link?
Ben: So we send a link because I remember we had this conversation. I wanted to talk to you about that as well. guess if we're getting a lot of leads from Oz, we can definitely do the manual booking. It's easier because we get like a  mix of European, Australia, US. It's so hard to manually book a time and then kind of cross-reference. So we just use a link. But I think, yeah, with the ads, we can definitely.
Kyle Musca: What like CRM slash booking system do you use?
Ben: We use Calendly.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So for you, like Calendly is a good to start. For you and your business size and stuff, I would definitely look into go high level.
Ben: Yeah, I do go high level. I just never use the booking system in there. I don't know why. I just always use Calendly and just never change it over.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. And I would definitely do that. It just makes it so much easier because it will do all the time zone conversions and everything like that. Also, when you have closers and stuff, it just makes it a lot easier to keep track of.
Ben: Of where calls are booked and everything.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I would do that. But like as simple as booking, I don't know if you've played around with it as much, but it's as simple as, cool, appointment time. You don't even need to do that. With the setter, you change it to their time zone. So anywhere in the world. if you want to do EST, for example, you could do that. And then, you know, if you're talking about, because what I get my setters to do as well is use this thing. So it's like it adds up all the time zone. So it's like if you're talking to someone who is in EST and they're like, I could do 5 p.m. It's like, cool. Well, if the system's in Queensland time or Australian Eastern Standard, it's like 5 p.m.
Ben: is 8 a.m. So let's just look that, for example.
Kyle Musca: You can also get a lot more creative with the automations and everything like that. And you can obviously add your setters into this because you can connect Instagram up. And everything. So it's like an all-in-one system. They can message from Instagram here. When SMS automations go out, they can see replies and everything like that. So it's just not what one system makes it all in one place. And if you've got both, there's no point in  spending the extra money on Calendly.
Ben: Yeah, yeah, of course. Yeah. No, it's cool. I'll have a look into that and I'll move it all over.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a pretty simple process, to be honest. Oh, you'll also notice that every step has its own individual follow-ups as well.
Ben: yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, so it actually sort of  makes sense what you're following up for. But for example, you know, step one, when you ask the goal, if they don't reply, it's like, bro, I'm about diving some programming. Are you still around? Three hours later, like, hey, bro, I'm just having a break. You're free. And then, you know, seven hours, 24 hours.
Ben: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then we will have tricks to re-engage clients that do go cold as well.
Ben: So we'll come back to that in the future.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Once they book the call, it goes into the post-booking flow. This is super, super important because if you just sort of book the call and you're like, sweet, I'll chat to you tomorrow at 4 p.m., it sort of  up, show up, right? Like your show up rate will be . So this basically just explains, one, you just got a confirmation email. Can you make sure that that came through and approve it, right? So it gets them to add it to their actual calendar. I add this part in. Again, this is not super, super necessary, but I do add this in. Just on that, we don't usually do reschedules. I've found the guys that get the best results are the ones that have the self-accountability show up on time so we can get it sorted properly. You do seem like that type of guy, so we're labeling them. But before we go any further, I just want to confirm, will you 100% be able to make that time? So just getting them to verbally commit that they will make that time. And then just explaining where the call will be and to get the app first, right? So it's like, if you're going to do it on Zoom, explain that it will be on Zoom. If you're going to do it on Google Mail, explain that it will on Google Mail.
Ben: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: All right. And then awesome chatting to you. then you wrap it up naturally, giving them some stuff to think about, you know, before the call, think about where you're at, why you want to make the change and what it's actually going to do for you. And then I send them two videos. One's a pre-call thing, like basically saying, show up on time, be ready to learn, ask your partner if you need to talk to her about it. The second one, which you don't need to do, is basically showing them how my app actually looks on the inside because my app looks  sick. Shows them all the meal plans and the training stuff.
Ben: You don't need to have that one necessarily. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: What I'll do on that as well is send you this so you can reword and do your own one.
Ben: Yeah. We actually have a post-booking video as well.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Ben: Yeah, it's sick. We do it like that and then frequently ask questions. So just like focusing on like obviously the first one is just like expectation like show up to the call, do it like you know be there if you can't get there let us know don't waste our time those kind of things and then we have videos under that we require them to watch as well which are like Q&A so it's like six videos they're like 45 seconds just going through like limiting beliefs, financial objections, just kind of any  objection that we get regularly and yeah since we've done that again it's like it's either yes or no it's like they can afford it or they can't when we're on a call now it's like I don't ever get any objections like oh I can't afford it it's like yeah let's rock and roll or it's like nah man I literally don't have enough money for that and then we kind of go through and we actually find out they don't have enough money because they're they lied about what they do for work it's usually the usually the  thing they're like oh I'm actually a full-time student it's like ah why why did you not tell us that yeah yeah yeah fair enough like if it's working really well then then don't worry about sort of fixing it um and then you know
Kyle Musca: And sort of monitor that is like if you're getting a lot of people pulling out because they sort of  have anxiety build up and stuff. But if that hasn't been a problem, then no stress.
Ben: Not yet anyway.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. So what I'll do is I'll actually do some more. Yeah, cool. So I'll send this through you. You can reword. Again, you're to have to do two if you want to do male and female.
Ben: Yeah, that's cool. I think we'll start with the males first. Then we can have a look at the females after because, yeah, like I said, I'll have to get some proper marketing stuff. I think they're in there as well.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful.
Ben: But, yeah, a lot of the ladies were coming through anyway, even when we were just talking directly to men. They were just kind of coming through. I think they just like the directness of what we were doing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben: I'm not sure. We'll see what happens.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. So that is, and then on the conversion API as well, I'll send you, so this is the guy that will add it for you. I'll just show you his contact. He charges about $250 USD to put it in.
Ben: A little bit of a kick in the testes, but you only have to do it once and it will more than make up for itself. Yeah, cool. Cool, cool, cool. That's fine.
Kyle Musca: No, I'm sweet. He usually can do it pretty quickly. So from here, all I need from you is just to reword that, reword the script. And then, yeah, we just need some marketing creators and we can get it pumping.
Ben: Yeah, cool. I've got those, do you want me to change those stills or do you want me just to show you on here because I can edit them?
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, you can, yeah, yeah, just, you might as well just share your screen and we'll review them here.
Ben: Yeah. I haven't reworded them yet, so they're still, they're quite similar to the ones you gave. I'm just kind of working out colours and stuff, so I was just  around with it a little bit, but that's kind of the, kind of direct call-out for the age gap one. This is our other one there, there as well.
Kyle Musca: You'll be leaner, stronger. What I can actually do, yeah, to make it easier, is I'm to sort of hijack your, oh, why doesn't I let me do it? I can't hijack. What the ?
Ben: Then, yeah, that's pretty much all of them there.
Kyle Musca: Anyone want to drop five to eight years of fun next to what works?
Ben: That's dope. Want a dope? I might give you a band.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. It's nice and simple. It's fantastic.
Ben: Yeah, I just kind of just pretty much just kept it dumb.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you don't want. All we're trying to do on this is just get them to sort of, you know, take that first little step. You know what mean? You're not trying to solve all their problems here.
Ben: No. Oh, sorry. Do you want me to keep sharing that one?
Kyle Musca: The Habits and Discipline and John Lennon are going to share. Yeah, sick. So yeah, what I would do is I would just kind of go through and again, reword a little bit and then also just like reangle a little bit as well.
Ben: Yeah, I'm going to  around for a bit more before I send it through to you, but I was just kind of getting the idea with the photos and images and wording. So I'm just going to  around and kind of go back through that doc you sent me with all that marketing stuff just so I can get the angles and stuff right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. One thing I did for that as well, because I've been creating these myself, is I actually like screenshot it and then send it to Claude. Do you use Claude to chat GPT?
Ben: I use GPT, but I'm very close to converting to Claude.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would. Claude is way  better. Yeah. Like so much better, man. Where is it? Dude, let me see this one. Yeah, this one. So I just sent a screenshot and I was like, yeah, it's a screenshot. And I was like, fine, I'm, you know, targeting men age 25 to 45 for fitness. Give me big, like the best color schemes and like fonts and stuff to make it look like an organic Instagram ad. And then, and then actually like putting it together. They came out pretty mean, I think.
Ben: Yeah,  hell, that's sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, might as well make your life easier.
Ben: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's genius.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah, just a little bit of a pro tip there.
Ben: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: , now I've noticed that. There we go, cool. Beautiful, That's pretty much, yeah, if we have all that stuff done, then we're good to sort of launch the campaign, to be honest.
Ben: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: What I would definitely, definitely do actually around that is if we can get these up especially fast enough, make some time-specific ones around getting back into it after Easter and everything like that. I mean, anytime there's like a special like public holiday or event or whatever coming out like Christmas, Easter, you know,  Valentine's Day, all that . Always good to market around it. Even just like the start of a new month, like even if you did, you know, made sure that, you know, within the last week of every single month, you got new, like four or five new graphics around. I'm taking on 10 people to start  May, for example.
Ben: Yep, gotcha. Yep. And how long do you run the like same image creatives and stuff before you move in like about a month?
Kyle Musca: Until they burn out. Like, it depends differently. You know what mean? Sometimes, again, with marketing, it's like you can chuck it up and it just doesn't  work and it flops straight away. I'll test different audiences and everything like that just to suss out what will work. And again, breaking – oh, that's the other thing, actually, before we move on from everything we're talking about now. But, like, I've had – Bree, my partner, for example, she was one of the first coaches I helped. And basically, one graphic just  tripled her business and, like, it just kept running for months and not, like, six months. We didn't have to change anything. So it's like if you find a winning ad, like, it goes  hard.
Ben: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Why is this making so long? There's a lot of different nuance to it as well. So, for example, like, might not be that the ad itself – why is nothing working? Isn't work – like, isn't good? It might just be the targeting and the algorithms  it in terms of putting in there. So, for example, I have another client, his name is Cal, where his ads were performing well with a broad niche and then they sort of just sort of burnt out and exhausted themselves a bit. And he didn't really have, he did have other content to go up, but I wasn't super confident that we'd like sort of pull through. So instead of what I did is I just created a new campaign focused more on dudes that are already in the gym because that's more of his clientele is dudes that have already been training. And want to kind of like, cause he's a IFBB pro bodybuilder, for example. Whereas if you like for, for me, for example, and similar to yourself is like whenever I've tried to do a fitness-based audience specifically, it just flops completely. Cause it's not the right message for them.
Ben: Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly right. Cause they're already looking after health and doing . It's like, I want the fatties.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So like for, and again, I'll take care of all this for you, but you know, that's when we sort of focus on targeting. People that have higher income jobs, for example, but just putting.
Ben: That right message in front of them. Yep.
Kyle Musca: So with this, this is SEO dashboard. So just make a copy for yourself and send it back through to me once you do that as well, because I'll save it on file. review it each week.
Ben: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Essentially what this does is, let me pull up someone who does it well. So let's see if he's, no, big Meg's . So basically, now keep in mind, Meg adds my fees into this.
Ben: Yeah, you said that last time you showed me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've shown you this before.
Ben: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. So in terms of breakdown, let's talk about that other one. In terms of... Breakdown just to see, show you how it maps out, right? If we spend, let's say we spend two grand on ads for the week and out of that, we got 20 leads. So you'll see, you'll see that there's two here. One's ManyChat and one's actual, sorry, one's Ads Manager and one's in ManyChat. It bases the calculation off the ManyChat one because that's the most accurate one. With the conversion API and stuff, they should be very similar. Like they should only differ by like one or two max if they do at all. But it's just always good to keep an eye on that to see if there's anything that's broken in there. Let's say for this, actually, we got, you know, 24, I mean, yeah, let's just say 24. I don't want to use, just like that. So we'll do the calculation for us. Let's say from that 24 calls, we got maybe eight calls, it was a bit of a  week. It wasn't even that . 33%, which is good. Industry average for that is about 10%. I like to make sure it sits above 20%. Obviously, the higher we can get it, the better. Total score taken, let's say six of them taken, two didn't show. Good show-up rate, happy days there. Total sales made. Let's say we closed 50%. Our cost per acquisition, therefore, was $500. But let's say out of that, you collected, how many did we sell? Four. Say you collected 2,000 on the phone. You only sell three. Yeah, it was just good. That, and then if you're selling 3,500 packages, let's just say it was the core offer. Out of that, 3, 7, 14, minus 2, so 12. Contract value is 12,000. Total is four. We got a seven times return on investment from that. So, it just maps it out really nicely from front to back. Also really, really helpful to see the entire funnel, to see where something's broken.
Ben: Because it's like, if this is all looking real healthy, but then the sales side of things goes to .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, not necessarily, to be honest. Like, so three, for example, there was a period of time earlier this year where all of this looked really  fantastic, but the sales were like  out of like 30 core  sell two. Right, so it's like top of, like looking at it, you're like, yeah, that's sales, but it's like a lot of them just weren't qualified leads. Like they just didn't have very good jobs. A lot of them were like Indians and stuff like that. Like, you know, just weren't your students or all that , right? It wasn't good. So it's like, and again, this is, you know, you test different things out. She's very, very good at sales. So we kind of like, it was probably not that for the conversion rate to be that low. So we just rechanged the messaging and everything like that, and that completely uncongested that, and now she's closing pretty much every call she gets on. So good to break it down. And obviously, just having the nuance to actually pick apart, you know, why is that happening?
Ben: Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Down under that, you'll see the organic side of things as well. So the organic is obviously a lot easier, know, total calls booked, shop rate, et cetera. How much money do you make off those? That will auto-calculate that as well. So it's like, how I would think of organic is if you can get organic to cover your front-end ad spend, it's like, therefore, anything that comes from ads is profit, you  love. Yeah, awesome.
Ben: And what's your, like, again, obviously, it's going to change depending on niche and stuff, but what's, like, the industry standard for, like, cost per acquisition, cost per book call generally?
Kyle Musca: It depends on, like, how much you're charging. That's why I like the packages I ran through because you charge that a little bit extra to have that breathing room. A good cost per acquisition is probably anywhere from, like, $300 to $500, right? Because it's like, even on the worst case of that, if you're selling $500, it costs you $500 to get the client, but you're... Um, you know, you're, you're, you're making a total of three and a half grand off them. It's still very profitable for you, depending on all the other  that's going on in your business. But for most part, it's usually pretty profitable.
Ben: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: really important to understand that as well. Also really important to understand your lifetime value. So have you got, like, do you track your client's lifetime value?
Ben: Yeah, we usually do. Um, so for all our clients that stay with us, they usually will pay, like they'll go through the full six months. So we've got like a, what is it? Like 90, 92% completion, um, of, um, clients that, that sign up at finish or maybe it's 82. Anyway, there's a, we've got a sheet there and then we do, um, I think it's 40%. We'll do another, another, uh, package at the end. Although there will continuation package after.
Kyle Musca: Do you, um, do you know the actual figure of what they're. Values to your business?
Ben: Oh, yeah. Like how much they keep in business for us. So that is something we don't track. I've never actually tracked that.
Kyle Musca: So no. Yeah. So what I do is just every time a client cancels, I come and fill out the sheet, which is purely just tracking one percentage if I wanted to find that completions. But mainly like the main thing we need to do is track, again, lifetime value. How much did they actually spend? Because that will very much, like, then we just compare, you know, your CAC, your cost to acquire a client with your LTV. If your LTV, let's say, is $2,500 on average, then, you know, you can spend, well, technically $2,500 to break even if you're going through a real  rough patch and  was just, you know, hitting the fan hard, which obviously, ideally, we want to avoid as much as possible. But it can happen. Like, again, that would be way too  high. Like, at that point, it wouldn't be worth it. But even, like, let's say half and you're spending, you know, $12.50 to acquire a client because something has happened, like, maybe environmentally, economically, whatever the  case is, right? That will allow you to weather the storm and allow you to strong arm other coaches and  out of business, not out of business, hopefully, but out of the market and  them off from the ads. Because how the ads work, essentially, is it's an auction, right? So, it's like whoever's willing to spend more, essentially, will come out on top.
Ben: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Obviously, the messaging and everything like that plays a very, very big role in that. But, you know, at the end of the day, if you're going to just strong arm other people out of it, you'll be able to run ads consistently long-term.
Ben: Yeah, right. And that's what gets shown more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, what I'll do for you is either just fill out a sheet like this. I can even send you a template of this if you want. Or get, if you... If you've got a VA or something like that, get them to go back through all, you know, the last hundred odd cancellations or as many as possible and get their total spend so you can get an average from it.
Ben: Yep, perfect. That sounds good. I can definitely do something like that.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful.
Ben: That's great. I don't actually, never even had the figures.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a lot of people, let me throw on other people on the bus here, but there's other business coaches that will go off like duration and .
Ben: It's like, that's  Yeah, well, that's what I've always been told. Like, how long are they staying with you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it means  all though. Because like, for example.
Ben: package, it doesn't mean.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I mean, like when they're going off duration, it's usually because they're trying to make it look better on paper because they are charging less. Because I had a girl, like the first client I ever worked with, like I doubled their business even more. Did the numbers for it. It's like for a client, because he basically said, well, it's more about how long they stay. Did the numbers for it. They would have had to stay for a total of nine months compared to six months. So 50% longer just to make the same actual lifetime value contribution to the business. And then even then, because she had a coach on board, it would have chewed further into $360 or something of their total profit made. So it's like, not only do you have to service them, like when you charge higher, you get, you don't have to service them for as long, which, you know, you're reducing  like them getting injured, them getting sick, whatever the  coming up. But you profit more because you don't have as much expenses going into that longer duration of service.
Ben: If that makes sense. Yeah, no, that makes sense. Yeah, yeah. And it's funny because, yeah, I know a few people that go through, is it, is it Rhys Livingstone?
Kyle Musca: think his name is Rhys. Yeah.
Ben: Yeah, I follow his stuff. Um, I know a couple of boys that are with him and it's like, they'll tell me that. The price of their, like, main package or their, like, core off and what they're charging a week, I was like, brother, you're charging, like, 70 bucks a week, like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, I'm not going to throw them under the bus, but I don't agree with the lot of  they do.
Ben: No.
Kyle Musca: Like, I was speaking to one dude, do you know Cam Gilfugan or whatever?
Ben: Yeah, that name rings a bell, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so he's like a, Reece coaches him to coach other coaches.
Ben: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Um, and, uh, I was speaking to one dude recently because he's just not doing the right things.
Ben: He's not, you know, that Fox Athletic guy? Yeah, I do know him, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it seems like a nice guy, but he's just not doing the right things and I'm just, and he's like, business has, like, suffered pretty badly, um, in the last couple of months, especially over Christmas and stuff from what he was telling me. And I was like, brother, that's just not going to work. And he's like, I'm jumping into, he ran a challenge and stuff. I said, it's not going to, it's not a good idea. You're not going to make enough money. And he's like, I'm going to do it anyway. Did it, didn't make anything from it. And then he's like a touch base from the other week. He's like, I'm jumping in ads now. I'm I'm do like $60 a week per client. And I'm like, do you want my feedback on that? He's like, no, I feel like I know what you're going to say. I just don't want to doubt it at the moment. I was like, , man. But he's just not going to have the profit margins. Like, even if you do close a client, like, it's not going to be worth it enough for you. Like, it means nothing.
Ben: It's crazy. $60 a week per client.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, like, he's working with Cam, obviously. Cam's just said  go the low-ticket route and try, you know. The only way you can do low-ticket is if you do massive amounts of volumes on it. He's pulling out sales calls completely because he doesn't want to jump on sales because, again, Cam doesn't know how to actually sell anything. And then, you know, the problem is, like, the only way you can really sell by chat that I've experienced is if you have, like, star power. So, for example, I work with Hattie and Coben. They can sell by chat at $95 a week because it's Hattie Boydell.
Ben: You know what mean? She's got the star power to do it. Yeah, that's exactly right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's crazy. Our conversions were like, for me to jump on a sales call, it's like I can, instead of trying to do, say, 24 conversations to close five clients, it's like I can have 12 conversations during the week and close three to five clients pretty easily. That's all I need is 12 conversations to close at least three clients a week. So it's like, yeah, just that it doubles your workload instantly and you're losing clients that you possibly could have gained.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and you can charge a lot more on sales calls than you can in software chat. You know what mean? Like, no one's really going to buy anything at  $95 a week max on software chat.
Ben: No, and the is, like, you've got a few people, like you said, StarPair, like, you look at the Adam Sullivans and that of the world, it's like, he sells all his stuff through a website at $95 an hour, but also, too, he's like one of the most well-known humans in Australia.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, that's the other thing as well. Like, his purely relies on emotional buying, you know what I mean? Because people are going to go on. to his site and they're so bought into him. He doesn't need a VSL and he doesn't need  all this other  that goes on a good sales page. He's got a good sales page because he'd have the people to do it, but it's no VSL. no emotional selling. It's just like, here's the features. It's $95 a week and people buy it because by the time they get to that, they're already so bought into him that they don't need that stuff.
Ben: Yeah, that's exactly right. Yeah. No, that's so true. But yeah, no, that's cool. But no, , I'm pretty keen to get these  ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben: I've had no, no good success with him yet. So I'm excited to  just get some, some ramping up. work, like I said, I work with a couple of people and it's just like, same  . It's just all about like the, the fancy numbers that look good on paper. So it's like, oh, we just got this client $5 messages and $80 book calls, but they're all just  . You know what mean? Like, I think we spent $10,000 on ads in November. Across November and the start of December, and we sold two in to the program.
Kyle Musca: Oh, .
Ben: Yeah, we got  robbed. And that was when I was doing that stuff with Will. And again, I won't talk him down because he obviously does well. He's got a lot of coaches in there that do well. But yeah, he's just like, pretty much he just said to me, just spend more.
Kyle Musca: Like, test more, spend more.
Ben: And I was just like, bro. Anyway, shoot for 10 grand for, I think I got like six back. So I was like, negative, negative four grand.
Kyle Musca: To be honest, I've had with those guys. I find that they only do have successful clients because they have clients with star power that they kind of just leverage. Like, because I've chatted to a lot of coaches that have come, or not a lot, but quite a lot, that have come through Will's thing. And I've just never heard anything positive about it. So, yeah, it's just, let's make it way too complicated. I'm very much like track the main, like there's only a few pieces of data that you actually need to track in the business to actually move it forward. Everything else is just ... ... That's  that sounds good to people that don't know what they're talking about.
Ben: Yeah, that's pretty much what it feels like. I feel like it's pretty streamlined here. It's like, this is what you're doing, create your ads. I've never had anyone actually tell me the scripting of an ad. Like, I've just figured it out myself, obviously. Organic helps, no, to say that. But again, they're two different ballgames, really. Like, organic's all about getting eyes, and getting eyes is easy. You just be controversial and say  people don't like. It's pretty simple, where the other end of it is, like, ads you're to be put in front of the right audience. But it's like, you've got to talk to that audience properly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, even the organic one, the video ads you did, even from the hook I picked up, fantastic delivery. You're very tangible. Anytime you can, throw a number in there, throw it in there.
Ben: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man. Yeah, which I think, you know, you're one naturally good at, but also have the marketing experience to do it properly.
Ben: So, that would just help with the ads. Yeah, for sure. Cool. Yeah, awesome. Well, I'm going to  around with these stills. I'll hopefully get them back to you by... I'm going to  around with them tonight, I think, and just kind of get the angles right, and I'll go back through that dock and just get a... I'm going to get Claude too, and I'm just going to go back to Claude and just get some angles for these things for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. If you get stuck or anything, just let me know. Otherwise, yeah, main things now is just reword the ManyChat flow, reword the DM script. I will have to shoot you through the project documents and the training. So let me know once you've reworded the DM setting script, and I'll shoot that stuff through. And then only other thing from you now is just to contact Michael and get that cappy added to your meta and your ManyChat.
Ben: Okay, perfect. Cool. Cool beans. I'll do that. Awesome, man. I'll get onto that ASAP.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, bro. Awesome, Matt. If you have any questions, just shoot me a message. Otherwise, keen to get it pumping. Yeah, mate. Sounds good, mate. You have a good day. You too. Cheers, bro. Bye. See you.


>>> 153/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-08T05:48:15Z | id:136140668
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, how are you going?
Meg Tovey: Hey, I'm good. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. How's your week been?
Meg Tovey: It has been pretty good. Same old. Still, yeah, same old.
Kyle Musca: I just had the  weirdest call.
Meg Tovey: I feel so rattled.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. In terms of just a weird prospect. Perfect.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, like, it was the first time ever that I, like, she got, like, quite defensive and I didn't know, normally I feel like I can defuse it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Meg Tovey: But it was  weird because she was, like, basically saying, yeah, 100% keen on doing the program, but she needs to check. Whether she's going to pay in full or do the payment plan option. And then I was trying to, like, do everything that I needed to do to, like, break it down and then, like, basically get a deposit. And then she was, like, still not wanting to pay a deposit, but then also, like, was adamant she was going to do it and come back to me in the morning or this afternoon with, like, which one she's going to do. So I was, like, I was trying to be, like, okay, well, let's just  set up the payment plan. And then if you turn around and you want to pay it in full, you can do that. But it was, like, just awkward. I've never been in that situation before and I didn't know how to, like, handle it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Meg Tovey: I was trying to, like, challenge the fact that she was, like, obviously not sold. I didn't say it in those words, obviously. Otherwise, she would put a deposit down. But then she was very, like, yeah, it was weird.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's probably just a cope to get off the phone, to be honest. I she... She's just like react, like again, I didn't see the call, but I would say it's probably like her reaction to say, oh, I just need to like get off the phone. I just need to run my numbers to see if I'm going to pay in full, but it's just like a cope. And then once she sort of dug herself that hole, she has to kind of double down. And the only sort of retaliation response is to get defensive because if you're going to pay in full, break it down. It makes no sense to not at least pay the breakdown version now.
Meg Tovey: Well, yeah, and I didn't know how to say that without like being like, that makes no sense. And also for context, she's 150 kilos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would just be like, well, do you mind if I put my coaching hand in here for a second? I'd be like, yeah, like I've done a hundred of these calls and like I, you did it?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Try and get a deposit. And then that's when she was like still not going to pay a deposit. And like, yeah, I did.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And I guess like if you know that you're going to, you know, do this program and you're going to either break it down or pay in full, I guess what's stopping you from actually. Like, making that, like, first payment now so we can actually get you started.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that's when she's like, that's why it was so  weird because she was like, because I don't know, I need to check if we're going to pay in full or pay the deposit. She's like, I've got the money, I've got the $3,900, but I, whatever she said. So that's when I was like, I was like, I don't know what to say because I was like, that doesn't make sense.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I completely understand that. Well, in that case, like, I don't want to stress you out. Well, let's just make the deposit now and then you can go around your numbers if you want to come back and just cover the rest and just let me know.
Meg Tovey: We can do that. That's fine.
Kyle Musca: I'll send you through the link. You just assume the close.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, because I literally was like, oh, that's so fun. Let's just set up the payment plan. And if you turn around and you want to pay the paid in full instead, we can just do that.
Kyle Musca: I would just, in that case, I would just assume the close. Like, okay, cool. What we'll do is we'll just do the payment breakdown first. And then if you run your numbers and you want to cover it all in one go, we can do that. So what I'll do is I'll just send you the. First, like, link right now, and you just  take it away from them.
Meg Tovey: That would not have gone down well, but I get the point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she's not going to sign. She's using that as an excuse. Like, it just doesn't make sense.
Meg Tovey: It's like you either get them to look like a dick and just, you know, get defensive and  off, or they make the payment out of, you know, remaining congruent with what they've already said. Yeah, that was so weird. But I also was like, I wanted to  grab her and shake her because I'm like, bro, you're going to die if you don't lose weight. This isn't, like, luxury for you.
Kyle Musca: Well, again, that's like if you've, you know, depends on the objection cycling and everything like that. But if you've gotten her to the point where she said she's going to make payment, she's going to do it, and she's obviously 150 kilos of bad at making sort of decision. Like, she gets off that phone, she's going to talk herself out of it. But that's when you just be completely upfront and be like, you know, Tori, do you mind if I be just like lay it all out on the table? said God. And this might actually turn you off. And I really don't mean to sort of cross a line or offend you, but you're 150 kilos. If you get off this phone, you're going to talk yourself out of doing this. And you've told me how much this is going to mean to you and how much you need to do it. And as a coach, I feel obligated to make sure that you do see it through. Right now, all it honestly sounds like is you're trying to make an excuse to get off this phone so then you can justify why now is not a good time to start. So be honest with me, because to be honest, like, if you don't want to do this, it's your life. don't really care. But do you want to get started now? Or do you want to quite possibly risk putting this off, not doing it, and nothing's going to actually change?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Because it's like, at the end of the objection cycling, you need to be extremely direct and you need to be like, you need to make, basically tell them, make a decision now or this isn't happening.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, because I've got that spiel that I use of like... I've done a lot of these calls. If you get off, your brain's going to work. It's wired to keep you safe, not happy, blah, blah, blah, blah. Let's do a deposit now. And then you can go figure out what you need to do. And then we can do that. And that's when she got very, like, or not, that wasn't right then when she got defensive, but that was, yeah. So I think.
Kyle Musca: It's harder in this situation, of course, but it's definitely a cope. Like, she's, you know, it just doesn't, like, anytime something just doesn't make sense, it's like, it's usually a smokescreen.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I think I need to read, watch back what you said, because I think the way you said it, like, there was some part of it that you said, I was like, oh, yeah, that was good. Like, yeah, I don't know. Just, yeah. Yeah. Because I just look like a  idiot, because I'm like, I was trying to push, but it didn't fully get there. So then I look like I'm just trying to get the sale. But I actually, I should.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I should have been like, it's your life. I don't care what you do. You know what mean? If you don't want to do this program, that's fine. But if you do want to do it, you do want to make a change, which is what you've been telling me for the last 45 minutes, then I, as a coach, feel obligated to make sure that you see it through.
Meg Tovey: Should I bother trying to like, because I sent her a, like, we booked a call for tomorrow. She was like, like, sweet. As in, like, there was no hesitation to booking the call, but guaranteed she won't turn up. Or this will be total, I had one, like, a week or two ago, and she was like, oh, no, I really need to speak to my partner, and then messaged me, like, very soon after being like, can you send me the link?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you've bam-fammed it and stuff, there's not too much you can really do now.
Meg Tovey: But I mean, like, if she comes back saying, oh, yeah, I don't know. Like, she's either going to come back saying she's not  whatever, right time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If she comes back saying that, I would just, like, try and spam call her and get her on the phone.
Meg Tovey: And then what?
Kyle Musca: I'll say what I said.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Just be like, look, I don't care. But like, you know, be honest with yourself. Because if you don't make a change, you've come right to the finish line. All you need to do is take that first step to actually start. But be honest with yourself. Because if you don't take this step, then your alternative is accepting that things are never going to change. And you just have to accept that this is your life probably for the rest of your life. What's scary to you?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. All right. I get so, like, personally attacked when I don't close a sale.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I keep closing a lot of sales recently.
Meg Tovey: How are you going? I've been pitching the 3,900. literally have had, today is the first time where I've had, oh, today, two, two, and yesterday. So this week. I've sold three. And then I've had three knots. Successful, including that one. But they, one of them was my bad. Well, like, I don't have a reason why not. And the other one was, like, working part-time, saving for a wedding, putting a house to pause it down. Like, it was a kind of, I was not really confident going into the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But yeah, I've done so many now of the $3,900 with the $1,900 and the $400 a month from there with no dramas. Have you added that to the CEO dashboard?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Also, actually, I do have a question about when they say, wait, what was it? It was something that came up and I kind of, like, didn't have a reason to, I think it was, like. Um, let me just pull up your script.
Kyle Musca: That's because it's been for, you know.
Meg Tovey: I don't remember, so never mind. I'll tell you if comes up again.
Kyle Musca: So do you know, we can quickly do this. How are you going finding your coach?
Meg Tovey: There's one chick that, like, so there's actually, I did two, there's two, like, possible coaches. One's really keen. I just, like, because obviously I'm trying to find someone that's, like, ready to start. And, like, because we do calls, they need to be able to, like, hold themselves on a call. Because it's harder to, like, you can't fix something that's  up on a call, like, until after. After the fact. So she would be fine, but it's not a  yeah. And then there's another chick who would be really good, and I sent her the case study to do that I send anyone who, like, I have a successful interview with, and she hasn't sent it back yet. So that's not a good sign.
Kyle Musca: Are they, do they come from the ad?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, all of them are coming from the ad. I was really hoping, the one I did yesterday, like, she's actually not even qualified yet. She's got a Cert 3 and still doing a Cert 4, but she was, like, way more knowledgeable than  people that, like, I don't really care about the qualifications, as long as it's in motion. So yeah, I'm hoping she comes back with a case study that's really good, and then I can take her on. But, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: So remind me quickly on this, it's from the, those are the right dates, 1st of April to the 8th of April?
Meg Tovey: No. The 8th is the first date. Oh, wait, what? Why is it like that? Hang on, let me just jump in. This is right, 30th, and then this is not been fixed up yet. So that's the start. So this here is for the 30th to the 5th.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. And the 30th to the, whatever that is, I just haven't updated these. Okay, so let's go 30th to the 5th, the 39 total. Yeah, so really good conversations coming through. When you say that people coming through the ads aren't qualified, like the job ad, is that?
Meg Tovey: Wait, what if they're not qualified?
Kyle Musca: I didn't say that. Like you're not getting heaps of good candidates out of them.
Meg Tovey: Oh, I thought you meant the fitness ads. was like, they're really qualified. No, they're qualified. Like, I mean, I guess in my ad, it doesn't say you have to have nutrition calls. It says like preferred, not essential or something. But I mean, they're just not people like this. They're  either dryers or I don't know what the expression is. Like they just, they wouldn't be able to build rapport fast, which is the most important thing. For someone to start now and have clients taken on, because I can train them in the rest of the . They need to have common sense and be able to build rapport fast. And also, this is going to sound really bad, but they need to look the part.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely.
Meg Tovey: Like, I've had a couple that are really qualified, but don't look the part. And I'm like, I can't, because if I'm selling the client and then I'm passing them on, it can't be like some rogue- looking person.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I agree. I know, I'm very big on that when I hire coaches as well. How much do you add total here? So, 500.
Meg Tovey: So, it'll be 300 for the setter spend plus 15. No, 13 times 71. Here, let me work it out. So, 1,200 plus 500. 150, plus whatever the actual ad spend was for that week.
Kyle Musca: 1,105, was that just one update? Where did that come out to be total?
Meg Tovey: Oh, why is it not? Did I put it in the wrong spot? Oh, sorry. Was this one empty before?
Kyle Musca: No, I think that one was normal. That had something in it.
Meg Tovey: 1,105, did you say?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: There we go. That's crazy.
Kyle Musca: Why is it not up today for me?
Meg Tovey: Whoa, that just disappeared.
Kyle Musca: What number?
Meg Tovey: Oh, there we go. No, that's not right. Hang on. I keep putting this in and then it keeps disappearing. Two, nine, seven, seven. There we go.
Kyle Musca: So what are the costs involved in that again?
Meg Tovey: This.
Kyle Musca: So there's going be $500 for me and then including.
Meg Tovey: So SETA spends $299 a week plus $71 on every sale. So it would be 71 times 13.
Kyle Musca: Wait, wait, wait. Sorry. You're SETA's charging you $71 per sale.
Meg Tovey: $50 USD, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is that for me?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's  steep, Az.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I know. I was going to actually ask, can I, like, negotiate it down? But I feel like I asked you that before and you said.
Kyle Musca: No, you should be able to get it down to 25 USD per sale if you're giving it enough hours. Yeah. The other thing you could do, and this is throwing a variable into the mix, so it depends if you want to risk that, is go hire your own setters. So I can source them off Upwork and train them and everything like that properly, and that would just make it 6 USD an hour flat, no comms.
Meg Tovey: I don't, I would rather not, because they're good, and, like, spend a lot of time training them.
Kyle Musca: I would just say to Clemé, it's just getting too expensive, can we please just do 50, $25 USD per sale?
Meg Tovey: So, no, like, not threat, but, like, any, like, should I say, like, oh, I'm looking at.
Kyle Musca: I would just be like to her, like, hey, just sort of running my costs at the moment, and the $50 commission on top does chew a lot into my profit margins, very much like the quality that the setters are setting out or whatever, but I'm afraid it might not be plausible for me to continue doing long-term. Would it be possible to instead do 25 USD per sale instead? And then the Vaughan spend, is that, what's that actually calculated of? Are you doing two ad reels per week?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, we do. It's based off doing, like, me posting two ad. Wow. Sorry, my brain's not working. Two reels a week. So it's kind of like an estimation, not an estimation, it's like a calculated approximation, whatever the  word is. But basically, like, yeah, I feel like it's needed to be included in, because it's a part of why the ads work, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would just be, it depends on how accurate that is, though, because we haven't filmed new ad videos in a while.
Meg Tovey: No, I mean, the normal reels I'm posting on the feed.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right. Yeah, okay. So, I mean, you can't keep that in there.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah. I've got the ad spend isolated on the second tab. So, like, it's easy to pop that in. And also, I have contacted a spreadsheet person to try and add a separate column in for me. I just don't want to  it. Yeah, yeah. So I definitely can do that. I'm a slash process.
Kyle Musca: mistake. I wouldn't do that.
Meg Tovey: I had this huge spreadsheet built out like a while ago for all of my revenue and heaps of different metrics that are like I wanted. And it's  broken. And I emailed the guy twice and then he finally replied saying, I don't have capacity. I'm like, bro, you made it and now it's broken.
Kyle Musca: Fix it. Yeah. Yeah, that's rough. But the good news is even with all those like total spends in all the business, I guess, we're still  propping like a .
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's crazy. The CPA is so good.
Kyle Musca: If we, I wonder what that would be like.
Meg Tovey: I'm like pissed off that I can't  find a coach because I would double the ad spend now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If we do the just off the ad spend, it's like 40 return on the spend, which is insane. Okay. Okay. Perfect. So the entire funnel is extremely well refined at the moment. The biggest thing is just hiring a coach, to be honest with you. So it depends because I'm running like an ad. I mean, I'm kind of in a similar boat to you, for example, but I'm running an ad for a coach myself now. And like I'm getting like a  shitload of applicants.
Meg Tovey: I think, is it potentially the video? Like, do I need to make the graphic more professional?
Kyle Musca: Not really, I don't think, because it should, again, it works for the same reason. I would probably just, you know, if the biggest issue here is not the net fact that they're not actually qualified, it's just not that they're gelling right in terms of like that.
Meg Tovey: I it's bringing in like people who are like too not serious or like not experienced enough, which is why I edited the copy to make it sound like you need to have experience for one.
Kyle Musca: Well, what are the biggest? So. So experience is one, looking the parts, the second one, and having the personality to fit the team, it sounds like the third one.
Meg Tovey: So yeah, yeah, the balance between being able to build rapport, but also still have the knowledge on a call if they were like challenged, that they could have that authority.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would do in that situation is, again, just change the messaging to call those people out. You know what mean? Like, one, you have to practice what you preach, look the part, you know what mean? Like, again, you're getting, so there's two options we can really do here, right? One is go to a marketplace for actual job-seeking places, which is like Seeker Indeed, which I've already spoken about, but there's obviously the cost involved in putting that out. The second one is just change the messaging to shift who we're bringing in. Because if you say practice what you preach, you have to look the part or something along those lines. And, like, obviously someone who's overweight isn't going to apply if they have a  exercise science degree.
Meg Tovey: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: I mean, they might still, but you'd think they wouldn't.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Secondly, like, if you say, you know, again, coming out of the wording, but, like, you have to, you know, depending on what you want them to be, like, you know, I don't know if energetic's the right word, but that's kind of what's coming to my mind. You know, they might be getting on a call or do a loom video or something like that, kind of, you know, very formal and hesitant, whereas you might not actually be seeing the real side of them, for example. So if you sort of put that in the creative, then they might be a little bit more personable when they actually do one interview or send you a loom or something like that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think I need to, like, because, like, for example, I just got one before 10 minutes ago and, like. All like, and I've had a couple like this, they're all like strength and conditioning and high rocks, like hybrid style, like just so not aligned at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just change that, you know what mean? Like you must focus on, for me, for example, don't, because I don't, for me, you know, if I was going to change it to that, you must have done hypertrophy slash bodybuilding style training.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, just change the wording, change the messaging to bring in the right people.
Meg Tovey: How do I, just so I don't have to like, annoy you to do it, can you just show me how to go into that ad and just edit the copy? So I don't  it up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you just click on it and you just go down to the ad level. So you just keep clicking until you can't click any further. And then you just press edit and then scroll down and you can either change the, this stuff's pretty easy to do. So I'm like, I'm not too concerned.
Meg Tovey: Just don't change anything. Like, this is just the ad level.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Um, That's fine, but just don't change any of the other ad campaign or ad set stuff. Then all you need to do is find the creative, wherever the  it is.
Meg Tovey: I feel like it needs to say online. Like, I think also now that I'm looking at that, if you had no idea who we were, that's potentially also part of the problem.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, well, to me, the other thing is, like, this, you know, doesn't say anything about what it actually is.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, that's what I mean.
Kyle Musca: The biggest selling point, and you have to give qualified, the right people a reason. So it's like, it's the same as, like, a normal ad. You have to give the right people a reason for them to actually take action because it's like, well, one, I look at this and as I'm scrolling, it doesn't grab my attention much. You know what I mean? Because as a coach, it could be anything, for one. And two is, it's like, why should I bother to apply for this? Like, if I already have a coaching role. Why should I apply for this? Well, if you give me the ability to work remotely anywhere in the world and, you know, you're passionate about helping women become the best version of themselves, again, selling them why they would take action on it. You know what mean? Because, like, if you see, I don't know how yours look, but, like, if you come into mine, pretty much every single one of these apps, like, I've had  so many applications over the last couple of days. I don't know how many you're getting, but this is in the last, you know, three days, all of these, last day, couple of hours. All of them say how they've, you know, say, not all of them, but there's quite a lot they're currently saying they're working on the gym floor and they just really want, keen to get online.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I'm struggling with my own social media output and bringing in clientele. I'm quite confident in my skill ability.
Meg Tovey: Like, I haven't even read this one. I'm just going where the  I'm from.
Kyle Musca: What's the graphic that you're, is it the one? And you sent me on WhatsApp? The three graphics, yeah. Was that the images?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. So it's like, see straight from the start, want to be an online coach.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any coach that works at the gym floor is going to be instantly attracted to that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. I need to make some start.
Kyle Musca: You know, genuine passion about helping men. That's, yeah. Yeah. So if you, you know what mean, you obviously must be qualified.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I'll make a new graphic. I think I, like, obviously that one that I did worked for organic because I knew who, sorry, I forgot I didn't have my Invis line in. Um, they knew, they know who I am and what the brand is. So I'll make one that's like for a cold audience.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And you can just use the words that are going to attract the right type of people. Online, um, working.
Meg Tovey: It's hard to like, not hard, just, I need to like, think about it because I was getting some when it was worded in the caption, like if you just finish your certs and you're wanting, like it was kind of like that. And then the people that were coming on were like, not, they were like, oh yeah, I just saw it. And like sounded cool. Like just not  serious.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So again, like in mine, I always say you must be qualified. Um, and I've had so many people with exercise science degrees, psychology degrees, like all that stuff applying for it. Um, so I, I'm only now just starting to get, um, do you ask them for a loom video or anything before getting on the call?
Meg Tovey: You just get on the call with them. Um, so I only get on, I only do an interview with anyone whose application is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: And then I send them a case study to do after if I like their interview.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So for me, like just to save that time, because you don't want to  line up a talk call and then like get on with them and everything like that. Yeah. I just did this. me try and find someone. Yeah. So I just sent them a message. Be like, hey, can you send me a one to two minute, you know, Loom video.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I just sent them that. So they actually sent me a video so I could gauge.
Meg Tovey: Oh, he's so cute.
Kyle Musca: So I'll send you that message as well.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Thanks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, I'm only very, very new into the stage of looking for this. But again, there's been quite a decent look. The amount of candidates that come through. I did, I also opened mine up to Australia, Australia, South Africa, and the US, which you probably don't want to do. I just wanted to taste. Sorry.
Meg Tovey: I just wanted to I was going to say a couple of that, like, have a British accent, and I'm like, oh, it's again, it's that thing of, like, if they're talking to me, I'm so Aussie, and, like, laid-back kind of vibe, and if they get onto a call with someone who's real posh and, like, it's just, I don't want to, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think the only thing for me is, like, that I would be concerned about is because I talk on WhatsApp to everyone. If they have, like, a plus-two-seven number, for example, if they have a foreign number, people are like, what the ?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, like, other than that, I wouldn't really be concerned, to be honest. The other thing is kind of the time zones, which I'm kind of skewed against maybe doing South Africa for because I have US clients. It's all right for Australia, but US, it's pretty  . So, for you, I would probably just obviously just do Australian.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. This chick yesterday was really good and I'm hoping she comes back with a really great case study and I'm going to hire her.
Kyle Musca: Is a case study like in terms of clients she's helped?
Meg Tovey: No, I send through like a, you know, when you like studying and you get like a, it'll be like, this is Sally and this is her daughter and this is the problem. How would you solve it? It's basically like a check-in. It's actually a real one we pulled from one of the, like when one of the girls we knew on was struggling to respond to this client that was like pissed off about her not, her scale weight not moving. And so like the data like forces them to like calculate the average weight and then how would they respond to it? Like are they leading with empathy and  like sees how they communicate and stuff, which is good to show their like application of the skill. Cause anyone can have a sir, sir, but like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. One thing I would also add into that, because you want this whole process to be quick and streamlined, so one thing I would add to that is, like, if I send them through a case study to do, like, one thing I'm also testing on is reply time.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Cool. I will do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just like, make sure.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Then normally, everyone has been really fast except this , of course, the one should go on the aisle.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: But the other girl who did it that I was like, before I'd interviewed this one yesterday, that I was like, wow, she's so much better. Um, I was like, she's emailed saying, hey, just wanted to get feedback because I haven't replied to her case study yet. Um, so she's really keen that she's just a bit overweight. And I'm like, not overweight, like she's a mum of two young, like she's 28, I think, or 29, but still not totally the part, looking the part.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's, that's tough. That's a big one I'm sort of on because it's just kind of, I know if I joined a fitness coaching program and like my coach was fat, I'd be like, I'm not listening.
Meg Tovey: The only reason why I'm like, oh, it's okay is because she's still, wait, she would still be like leaner than the clients that we have. So it's like almost, it's not a good thing, but like could work in her favor in terms of not being like intimidating.
Kyle Musca: Mm-hmm.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. yeah, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I just also think it's like hard to teach and coach habits as well if you're not doing them. You know what mean? Like both my coaches are fully training, you know, one's running  like Ironmans and triathlons and . So it's like, I never get a complaint out of him, like his clients, you know what mean? Um, so yeah, but, oh, um, for you, yeah, after looking at that, cause I actually thought we had, um, some of graphic ads up besides that video, but, um. Uh, uh, Just looking at that, I would go create some graphics and just add three or four of the main things you're looking for out of a coach, and I reckon that will clean up the quality quite fast.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And also make it very clear that it is, like, for an online coaching position. I reckon you'll get, like, are you getting a lot of applicants coming through?
Meg Tovey: How long have we had it up for?
Kyle Musca: Quite a while, a decent amount of time.
Meg Tovey: Only maybe 35?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would say 100% a messaging thing, because I've had more, way more than 35 in the last two days.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I think if you just throw online coach up there, people will jump at that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. I just don't know what photos to use. Can I use a community photo, or do I use, like, one of me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, either or.
Meg Tovey: Like, can it be a professional photo?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, can be, can be whatever. doesn't, it's not really going to matter to me.
Meg Tovey: Okie dokie, I'll send that to you. Oh, I can just probably put it in tonight. It's a process to.
Kyle Musca: You'll have to duplicate it. If you want, you can just send it to me and it's pretty easy for me to do.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I will do that because I'll  it up shortly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll just use the same caption, hey, as you already go.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, because I already updated that to be more professional.
Kyle Musca: And then also what I would do here is just make sure the wording sits within a, like do it on a 9-16 aspect ratio, but make sure it sits within 4 by 5 aspect ratio so we can put it on feeds.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. Could I use this?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, cool. Cool, cool, cool. I will do that.
Kyle Musca: Is it?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, just one question about a message, if you can jump into Manychart. The girl's name is Candace, but it's C-A-N-D-A-C-E, Meacham.
Kyle Musca: I don't know why it's so bad at searching and stuff like that. Is it a recent one?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, definitely a message today there. Wait, what? Why is she? Oh, yes, I  told her not to reply. God damn it. Um... I was unsure what to do because she said she's already spoken with someone else and it was around 100 and obviously I'm pitching 150. Well, I'm not saying 150, but I also know I'm good at sales. So I don't know if it's worth it or if I shouldn't bother with.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would. Always good to test your sales as well.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: It's always easier to be the second, like the last person they talk to as well. Simple objection over, you know, overcome there.
Meg Tovey: It's like, oh, yeah, I completely understand. You're looking for the cheapest option. You're looking for the one that actually works. Yeah. Yeah, I haven't really had to do that before. Like, I haven't practiced that. Like, maybe only once or twice have I ever been, like, compared to a price perspective.
Kyle Musca: There's three ones I would use. There's that one. There's price versus cost. It's like, would you rather go buy a brand new bike that you don't have to worry about or you go buy, you know, secondhand  bike or Facebook marketplace where you have to replace all the different parts and by the end you spend more, not only more money. Money more time, but then you don't even want to  ride the bike because you turned off it, right? Then there's the third one of like, yeah, look, I'm not going to lie to you. We're not the cheapest option. I guess if that's the case, like, why do you feel like, you know, over a thousand other women have decided to work with us to actually help them achieve their goals?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Should I need to write them down?
Kyle Musca: Well, hopefully. It's always good to sort of test how good the sales skills actually are.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Well, she's already applied anyway, so. And the only other thing was a random question. Have you ever experienced comments not, this is so, such a random question, comments not showing up on a carousel that you've posted? Like, even when you click into it, it like, it'll say like 14 comments, but then you click into it and it's like. Like only showing you two and it's not filtered. You know, sometimes you can be like filter most relevant or whatever. Like it's not doing that. Just literally not showing the comments.
Kyle Musca: Not that I've experienced.
Meg Tovey: It's on a lead magnet. So it's like I was trying to figure out, I can't remember why, like if these certain people got this message or something and then, yeah, it was like not showing all the comments.
Kyle Musca: was really weird. Yeah, not that I've experienced. They could be like under hidden, for example, but you'd probably see the little things that are hidden. So, no, I haven't experienced that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Oh, good. Well, that is everything.
Kyle Musca: I think so. Yeah, I mean, things are still pumping really well. We just need to sort of hire a coach and keep going from there.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I will. We'll get that graphic to you before the end of the day.
Kyle Musca: What I would probably also look at doing is like when you do film or have a new ad session with Vaughn, I would just like getting new content and just continuously run a 20 and 26 challenge.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because the only thing, again, same as the videos we just cut out, like the only thing that really needs to change is the fact that you just remove, like just don't add a start date or an end date or anything like that. Like it's just a, it's a program specifically designed for women who knew it was 20 plus kilos of weight.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I can do. Well, I probably will need some help with like, I'm not filming with him for a little while. Yeah. We're just going to do once a month and then do like eight reels a month and then whatever extra ad ones we need to do. But yeah, some help on like just how to change it. Like what would, what would we change? Like with the copy.
Kyle Musca: Nothing, really. Like, we would just come from different angles, essentially, but, like, we already know what works. So it's like, you know, again, it's just about different angles. So you might want to do it, you know, for women who need to lose 20 kilos of weight to, I was going to say be a better mum, but we don't want to mark it with our mums. Just, you know, for example, like, I know males, for example. So, you know, a different angle is, like, muscle gain versus weight loss, and then there's weight loss for confidence, there's weight loss for performance, there's weight loss for, you know, maybe cognitive function, for example, you know, could be one.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So these come from different angles. And then, like, I would also include into that, like, solve very specific problems in each one. So it's like, instead of saying, you know, , we're going to do this, this, this, this, this, this, this, and this for you, it's like, we're going to give you all the structure you need. So you don't need to think about anything. All you need to do is just show up and follow the plan. And we're going to keep you accountable to see it through. So it's just structure and accountability is the only thing you're selling, for example.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I get it. What's the thing that determines, like, what's the thing that, because obviously cost per lead's gone, like, it's still great, but it's still, like, it's going up.
Kyle Musca: What causes that? Is it just exhausting the creatives or? Yeah, we exhaust the creatives. The creatives, like, the creative fatigue can definitely happen if the audience itself has sort of been exhausted, and then the other thing as well is, like, it could, there's different reasons for it, but, like, for example, I've seen it, like, get hooked on, like, a bad audience, for example, so it's being really good, and then you just get a couple people that just aren't very good, and then, like, the targeting chains just shift towards those people, which is annoying. Um, yeah, those are probably the main ones, to be honest.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. So when, when do you, like, sorry, I was. Um, on a screen share. When do you, because obviously like it like picks one, right, or two or whatever, and then starts like pushing it and then it kind of picks another one or whatever. When do you like know when it's kind of like not a good one?
Kyle Musca: Um, I, I do it based off like the actual total lead. So if the lead cost has just creeped too high, um, and we have no other choice to turn it off, then like that's what we'll do. Ideally, we'd very much want to have other creators to get in there to replace it. Um, but the other option we can look at doing that, um, is just testing a new audience pool and new targeting. So for example, like I was doing it for Cal, um, and his broad campaign started to creep way too high and he had other creators, but I wasn't super confident in them. And he was like filming some new ones. Um, so I just changed the audience to be, um, instead of broad, just men that were very interested in fitness and bodybuilding and stuff like that. And then it just continued performing just as well, or if not even better.
Meg Tovey: Okay. All right, cool. Well, I'm going to get those graphics made.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Um, cool. If you have any questions, just swing me a message. Otherwise, yeah, send them through once they're done and I'll get them up ASAP.
Meg Tovey: Thank you. Have a good hour. You too. Cheers. Bye. Bye.


>>> 154/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-08T06:37:00Z | id:136147041
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Good. This meeting is being recorded.
Callum Hinze: Good. Good. I've just uploaded that stuff now for you, the job form thing. So it's probably just loaded up.
Kyle Musca: Let me pull it up. How's this week gone as overall?
Callum Hinze: Good week. I was just having a look through, like, there actually wasn't a lot of calls booked from ads, but it was made up for it with plenty of organic ones. So, overall good. It's just, I think the ads, to speak, not?
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So that's strange. Have you got your CEO dashboard up to date?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah. Just put that out now as well. And I actually didn't even realize it was that low until I've reviewed it.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Because the ads aren't performing bad at all from what I can see. So that's interesting.
Callum Hinze: This week's been better. It was just last week seemed to be.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Oh, that makes more sense.
Callum Hinze: Oh, yeah. Sorry. I'm talking Sunday to Sunday. So if I'm talking, what would that say? 29th to the 5th. I'm going off. This week, I'm going off.
Kyle Musca: So this one, okay. Let's run that. So, I mean, you've got a good amount of leads coming through. So what I, that does make sense. Okay. Let me break down why that makes sense. So one is, obviously, is a little bit of less of an ad spend. So that obviously contributes. Two is lead. You actually got similar amount of leads. So I don't think that's necessarily like too big of a marketing issue as such. Your cost per lead was actually quite like almost $20 cheaper. This is the biggest thing that's dropped was the total calls book. So what I'm very much sort of thinking caused that was just. It's it coming into Easter and people just not, you know, really focusing on doing something like that beforehand.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing that I think contributed to that massively is the fact that your other campaign that was doing really well for that period of time just started to burn out and just started to creep up way too high. So what I did there while we're waiting on the new creatives and everything like that is I created two new campaigns. campaigns. So one is this fitness campaign. Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's, that should be bringing people that you can see, you already see we've gotten well more than total leads in the last seven days. So that's picked up quite a bit there.
Callum Hinze: Is that only since the start of this week that's been up? Pardon? Is that only since like the start of this week that that new one's been going?
Kyle Musca: This one I did run, I should be able to see it here actually. So the 31st of March. So it's been about a week now. It would have had the first couple of days. Like it has to go through that learning phase of three to seven days. And also, again, like we launched that going sort of into Easter as well. So it's like people just weren't in the mindset to do anything then. And then, you know, after Easter and stuff, it seems like a lot of people have re-entered the market. Now, coming into here, you know, realistically, this one's the one that's spent the most. So it's sitting at $44 cost per lead, which is fantastic. Like that's what we want it to be at. $42 on the actual sort of ad that it's pushing. So that's quite healthy there. Happy with that one. You can see it's, and then, so with this, it's been spreading its spend quite evenly, which is why I haven't really turned this off too much. Like the max it's spent is only $20 on one of the videos. So like I'm just letting it do its thing there. Essentially what that means is it's still in the learning phase.
Callum Hinze: It's still trying to figure out which one it should push a little bit more. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. And then we got these newer ones up yesterday as well, or the other day when you sent them through to me. I just want to check something in there real quick.
Callum Hinze: Was there definitely some of those with missing CTAs, new ones? Apparently, I haven't actually watched them yet.
Kyle Musca: So I get my media buyer to upload these because it's like  tedious of just duplicating and chopping.
Callum Hinze: Stop changing the video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I haven't actually watched them, to be honest.
Callum Hinze: I messaged Mehdi and I was like, hey, is there some CTAs missing?
Kyle Musca: he's just... What did I save here? I said scriptify something. Scriptify 1 and 2. So... Maybe this one. I mean, they seem to be there. Maybe he just  wigged out a bit.
Callum Hinze: I messaged, is it, Mehdi's the one that does that, yeah. Message Mehdi and I was like, hey, can you just check? And he's like, I'm pretty sure they all get CTAs, but I will double check.
Kyle Musca: From what I just saw, they did, but we'll just, better be safe than sorry. What I'm going to do here as well is, because these videos are quite good and I do want to test them, I'm to put them in on 30 ad spend, 30%, yeah. Cool. And what I'll do is, well, how many calls have you booked in this week so far?
Callum Hinze: From Monday, including Monday, I've had one, two, three, seven.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, yeah, considerably better.
Callum Hinze: That's not a pair back up.
Kyle Musca: And then what I'm doing is I'm testing out this dating one. You can see, so basically what it did is it started to spend quite a lot on these graphics, but they weren't performing as well as it wants. So I just culled them back and started to spend a little bit money on this. It hasn't spent enough for me to really make a decision on that. But in saying that, the video ads are actually pulling through quite well. So that's a very good sign as well, which is interesting because I was like, well, we'll try. So yeah, just keep monitoring them, but they're definitely looking to optimize and improve. I was actually pretty close to turning a dating one off, but it's starting to pull through some really good leads. So I'm going to keep that on and see how it goes. Perfect. Is there, go on to this. So that's creeping up quite a lot.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I've been doing around 15 these days, really, which is nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. And then did you do anything differently for the organic side of things?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I honestly think it's like what you said. It's probably just the crossover of campaigns and e-stuff, which is why it was slower. But it's picked up this week already. think I've got three organic sales this week so far from Monday. So it's picking back up again already.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Sick. Where's Liam?
Callum Hinze: Sitting client-wise now? 65, I believe.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So decent. Decent. How many do you feel like we have to handle before it's too much?
Callum Hinze: I think about 90 because there are a lot of guys that are on like four nightly check-ins. So it's probably going to average if he's at 90 clients, he's only going to be doing like maybe 60 check-ins a week, which is ideal. So I think 90 and then, yeah, then we look at the next step.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Sick. I know we spoke about this with, you know, last week we touched on and stuff. Have you got much going for the community side of things?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I just got it through Instagram now, which has been going really well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. Because I know like if you, you've got some guys like with pretty crazy physiques and stuff on your thing, man. So if you can get them just like constantly resharing and publishing you and stuff like that, you should be able to get a lot of organic traffic through that alone.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. Well, organic's been great recently.
Kyle Musca: So assuming that. I've had a good few referrals and stuff as well, so that's a bit nice. What I would potentially even look at doing, man, is like running like maybe even an internal challenge or something like that. So, for example, when I ran my 12-week challenge that just wrapped up, I did an internal challenge for the guys that were already on. And obviously, I made it like, you know, whoever gets the best result, but I very much centered it around like basically who posts the much and tags me the most. And I had  guys that were like sharing like every single workout, that film, every single set, and then posted and tagged me. And then, you know, even when my like ads would pop up and stuff, he'd like reshare his story and stuff like that. So, if you can get that going, I think, you know, again, it'll look different for everyone's coaching business. But like if you can just become known for the guy that's, you know, constantly got real jacked younger dudes, you know, resharing and tagging you, like that will look real good on your story.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yep. Easy to push.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Now, the other thing as well, thank God, is this is probably, I think, more relevant to you than most other people, but I've been working with Graphic, Lucky quite a lot on how to get these graphics up to par. Work in progress, but I redid these, but, you know, he's put them together a lot better than he was. So hopefully, and then these were how he actually put them together, and then I, like, changed them a little bit, but I'm still working with him. So hopefully we can kind of get a very streamlined process where we just, like, do the actual content up and just send it off to him, and he knows exactly what to do.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: I'm kind of working with him on that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, he did some really awkward ones at one point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't know how he was  up so much, but see how it goes. Again, he's definitely improved on these. So if I can get them to do them, fantastic. Otherwise, I'm just going to find someone else who can do it because it's really not that difficult. Cool, man. Is there anything that you sort of feel like you're struggling with at the moment? Things are going pretty well overall.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I don't think so. I don't think there was really much as usual, hey. No, I just, last week we were chatting about the lucky hat pick from the league back once. I haven't had any of them come through yet. I haven't actually checked the messages from Klamay yet, but I don't think that's really had much of a response yet. But I will do a lucky hat for the leads that were just direct leads as well, which I haven't done. So hopefully that's a bit more promising.
Kyle Musca: Let's have a look at that.
Callum Hinze: I haven't actually checked her messages yet, to be honest. I've just messaged her and said, hey, follow up these contacts. But we'll see.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so Monday, I haven't had the best response right through that.
Callum Hinze: She hasn't.
Kyle Musca: Manny?
Callum Hinze: nah, think he was one of the dodgy ones. Oh, actually, who's he? Manny.
Kyle Musca: We sent him a new link.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, who was he?
Kyle Musca: I think I remember speaking about a guy that just jumped off, and maybe it was him.
Callum Hinze: Nah, that wasn't him. What's his name? Does it say his real name somewhere? Manny. I don't even remember talking to him. Obviously he did.
Kyle Musca: Maybe, oh yeah, Drew, said I'm linking. I said I obviously chatted with him.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I don't know what happened with him. Maybe he was the one that jumped off. There have been a few random ones like that lately.
Kyle Musca: To be honest, you think you'd sort of, you think you'd, to be fair actually, it doesn't look like she's done crazy. You would have thought you had gotten a little bit of a better response, right? But realistically, she's done from there to.
Callum Hinze: Well, I did filter out a few. There were a lot that were qualified, but they had just been sending. Do you know how they just spam the many chat responses and stuff?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Callum Hinze: So I left them out for any contact.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's only 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. She's only done 10 out of 147. Yeah, so she should definitely be doing more of that, 100%. The other thing I think would be very, very worthwhile going, especially while we've got things very smooth, Australian men, you're starting to potentially target US a little bit more. Reason for that is, one, because it will just open up another channel for you. It's a bigger market. But I think it would be a wise decision to sort of at least start to try and break into that market a little bit more, especially with all the fuel and oil  that's happening.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: And essentially what, I don't know if you've been following that too much, but essentially what's happening there is those voyages where they bring the tankers over with all fuel and oil on them, they take about, like, they take a couple of weeks to actually, like, from start to finish. So although the ships that have landed now essentially, you know, would have left weeks ago, but if  does go south, which is, you know, looking like and they've closed the Strait of Hameez or whatever, then we won't actually feel the proper effects of that for, like, it'll be delayed a couple of weeks for when those shipments were meant to arrive, if that makes sense. Depends on, obviously, how big of a backlash that obviously causes, but if that does happen, like, even, you know, economically aside, I would say that there's probably going to be a lot of fear that enters the market.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Is there much that needs to change with the US marketing? Kilos, pounds, that's about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So what you could do there, just to even test it and just to, yeah, just to even overall test it really is you could just do some graphics and we won't even worry about videos just yet and just see if the graphics sort of pull their weight.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, definitely. We'd have to try that out. I've always been curious about how American sort of target and stuff would go. Yeah, especially coming into summer, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would probably center them heavily around summer.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you can just be real tangible, use numbers anywhere you can, you know, looking to strip 25 pounds plus over the next 90 days, 12 weeks, whatever, you know, after working with 500 different men, whatever you say. Anywhere you can throw a number in there and throw a number in there.
Callum Hinze: And just graphics, hey? I would do just graphics, yeah. I would do graphics. would do Cool. I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And again, you know, base it off what has been working. So, for example, if go on a fitness campaign, graphics.
Callum Hinze: Would it be worthwhile for these ones getting the video version of the graphics as well, like that little thing with music on it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would always do that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, for sure. Yep.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, this one's working for you and this one's about building muscle. So it's like, you know, I'm looking for eight men who are looking at a stack on, what is it, to 20 pounds of lean muscle over the next 90 days or whatever.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: There's that one and then there's this one.
Callum Hinze: Could that one be used as is for the American market, considering there's no numbers involved?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could definitely do that, yeah. I would just make sure we group it. Yeah, I wouldn't just get that one up, we'll have to get like, yeah, I wouldn't go too crazy with them. Maybe like, we could even start with just six to eight if the wording's dialed in on them. Okay. I also think, you know, these shorter ones aren't too bad, because like mine, I do ramble on a little bit. Do you find it work well still with more words? No, well, I mean, it depends. I would probably, where do I want you? I mean, you could test different ones, you know what mean?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I can punch some of those together.
Kyle Musca: Whenever you do this as well, as I would always, yeah, whenever you do this, I would always, if you're making one as well, make an Australian version as well, just so we have them.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Up to you on how you do this. Again, like, as you can see here, I'm actually, like, starting to look towards shifting towards Canva to make them just a little bit easier. So what I did there for those, if you want to get try lucky, I'm not pumping these ability enough to say that, do that yet. But what I did for myself is I took a screenshot of how I, like, wanted them and how I liked them, and then I said, like, give me the color codes and the fonts and everything to make them look like organic instruments, and Claude spit me out this, which was pretty sick. So, like, obviously shows you the different color codes and combinations and everything to actually use.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which I thought came out pretty, man. So, yeah, helpful.
Callum Hinze: Can you somehow integrate that with Canva and get to, like, save those fonts and colorways and stuff, or is it, like, a manual thing?
Kyle Musca: So when you build them in Canva, like, all you need to really do is copy the, like, the color code over there, for example. Yeah, yeah, But then, like, once it's, once you do it once, it saves it, though, so you don't have to keep doing it.
Callum Hinze: That's good.
Kyle Musca: To be honest, I've never even tried, maybe we should try something. I don't think it will do this, but. We'll see. yeah, that's pretty cool. It didn't do it, like, extremely, extremely well, but it definitely did it. Minimal input, I put it. That's pretty solid. I wonder if we say to like, hang on, me. I'm going to spend too much time on this, so it's just interesting to see. Okay, it's just going to do that. Cool.
Callum Hinze: So not too bad, eh? Just slap a photo over it, it's not too bad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it depends if you can copy that in there, but it's, I mean, that's like pretty good sort of idea, to be honest. It depends on Canvas capability, but again, that's just sort of playing around with it. I did basic. But I didn't spend crazy amounts of time  around with it. But, because like, I wonder if you could do an outline on the box. don't think you'd be able to. You'd have to add an actual element and stuff, but that's probably getting a bit advanced. Cool. Well, yeah, things are going well, man. So what I would do, one is get Clemé to definitely continue on the Magic Hatch. She's got a lot more to do there. Two is I would start, yeah, two is get some creatives for the U.S. market, roughly at least six to eight, up to 12 we can test, the more I guess. And then the third thing, man, is I would probably start to think about a challenge for you to run. And something I'm, like, a pattern sort of I'm consistently seeing is guys are coming to you a lot more for, well, not a lot more, but there's quite a lot of guys that are coming to you. Build muscle and size. So like you might even want to put together a challenge specifically for that because that's going to be so much different than any other challenge. And I found that works really, really well. So for example, I'm running a challenge for another client, Meg. She only works for girls and who lose 20 kilos plus. So we just did a challenge for, you know, it's called 20 and 26, specifically designed for girls who need to lose more than 20 kilos over the next six months. And that's just been pulling so  hard because, you most challenges are like mini shred challenges or something like that. But this is more of a unique thing. So it's like, although there's probably less people in that total pool, there's a lot less competition of people that are marketing toward to it as well.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yep. A similar sort of idea to the challenge we ran, what, right at the start of January, but just a growth phase one, maybe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And you could do that, you know. Again, always try and put some timeframes around it. If you're going to do it for Australian, you you might do like six months to Jacked or something like that. I'm going to do a six-month to Shredded Challenge. That's my actual challenge.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, just like a winter bulk series or something. I feel like that's pretty common of a theme for guys who want to do, eh?
Kyle Musca: Coming into winter here. Yeah, yeah. So like play around with the name and everything like that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then even next week, if we jump on and you just have the key challenge details, like the name, the prize pool that you want to give out, which, again, with an arbitrary number, we can just slap that on based on how we fish on the day, to be honest. And when you want to kind of launch that. So keep in mind, we probably want a good at least three to four weeks of a hard push. So having all our marketing and everything ready for that. So we'd probably need a month in advance of that just to make sure that we have enough time to get it properly, you know, filmed and edited and everything.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I'd love to run like a, yeah, just like a 12 week or whatever. However many weeks, just like winter bulk thing. Because I get so many guys coming to me on call saying they just want to put on size over the winter. So I reckon that'd be a mad one to capitalize on that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. If you're getting a lot of that, then I would go ham for that, like in terms of getting that set up and ready as soon as possible. Because like it's about six months out from summer now, I think.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, legit, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Well, when's winter start? June? June, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Callum Hinze: Month of May.
Kyle Musca: April, May, June, yeah. Yeah, so if we do a hard push, yeah, I reckon that. Like, let's set that goal. We want all our marketing and stuff done by, like the creatives done and ready for May, marketed all through May to start June.
Callum Hinze: Yep. Yeah, okay, winter bulk arc or something, I'll call it. I'll put some ideas together.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Pretty, yeah. If you have any questions or anything like that on that, what I would probably do as well just on that topic is although we'll focus heavily towards obviously mass gaining and size, you could always just double it up and do a bit of a shred one on the side as well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, one ahead.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I don't think people really pay that close attention anyway and you can, yeah. I bet it'd be safe than sorry. If you're going to film all the content and  for it, you might as well have a backup and stuff as well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. That's easy. Put that together for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I would also look at doing is for the prize pool, man, you can just do it like, again, you know, $8,000 in cash prizes or whatever. But if you have like, for example, Define or something like that, you know, you might even want to throw that into the marketing a little bit.
Callum Hinze: What else is it? Is it, I don't know, what have you done in the past? Have you like been able to get some more, I don't know, some more prize? Packages from, like, other brands. Is there any way to sort of reach out and see if they're willing to offer something or is that not really?
Kyle Musca: I haven't really gone down the avenue of that, to be honest. I'm going to do it with Ghost now because Ghost gives me, like, apparently $400 in giveaway money a month. So that's pretty cool. For my challenges, I always added, like, a holiday into it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. I sort of sage did that, eh?
Kyle Musca: It was a good idea. Yeah, so, like, for example, my challenge, like, my challenge wrapped up last week. Thankfully, the guy was from Perth, so I only needed to send him over, Bartlett, which was pretty cheap to do. So, yeah, that worked out well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. How much that cost you in the end?
Kyle Musca: I was still going to do all the costs for it and stuff. I, like, ran it through Claude and everything to say how much will flights and a common sort of roughly cost. Yeah. I I reckon it's sort of $1,800, so I've kind of budgeted $2,500 for it.
Callum Hinze: That's pretty good, eh?
Kyle Musca: That's two flights as well.
Callum Hinze: That's for him and his missus. That's great.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. And I find just that  just easily makes, like, all you need to do is sell one extra client. You've made that extra, you know, that money back, essentially. And I find it brings in way more than just that.
Callum Hinze: So, yeah. Cool. All right. Easy.
Kyle Musca: Cool, Rob. All right. Sweet. I'll let you back to it. But, yeah, we'll chat about all that next week and then we'll start putting things in place to get it sorted.
Callum Hinze: Sounds good. Sounds good.
Kyle Musca: I'll do some brainstorming. Perfect, man. All right. I'll chat to you soon, man. All right. Thanks for that. Cheers, Rob. Bye. See you soon.


>>> 155/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-08T07:58:01Z | id:136153678
People: Kyle Musca

Arran Humphreys: How are you doing? This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: How's this?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, pretty good, man. Pretty good. Obviously, today, just had me to . No show, which was a bit annoying, but other than that, we've been cranking.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: It's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Bit of a  when that happens, eh?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, I was all for that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Have you got some calls after this?
Arran Humphreys: This, that one. I've got one call after this.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Let's, um, let's break down that. Have you got your SEO dashboard up today?
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: I'll look at this bad boy.
Arran Humphreys: I just, um, haven't finished, like, today's, because I've got a couple more calls to do today. Yeah. So that'll be week one this week that we're looking at.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay.
Arran Humphreys: So that was like how it, I understand how that's laying down. That got like the last couple of days of that month and then it started from the 1st to the 8th. So it's like two today. It's counting as the first week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, so your show up rate has not historically been fantastic. So let's make some changes there. Have you got a go, Yeah, bro.
Arran Humphreys: And all that automation  set up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So let's look at changing some stuff around. So one thing I, because I had a pretty period of  show up rate as well. So I kind of went and fully redid all this.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: I reckon that's probably. That's biggest issue, bro, eh? Show it, right?
Kyle Musca: So what we need to do there is, because sometimes it's not about necessarily what can you add, it's more so like what can you actually remove?
Arran Humphreys: Really.
Kyle Musca: And I sort of picked mine apart and everything, and I kind of found that with, you know, there's so many different confirmations and stuff like that that the people can kind of get  pissed off and annoyed. Yeah. So what I've changed mine to, man, is the confirmation thing is still good. I've changed this message, right? So it's less confronting, right? Instead of what the previous one was of like, you know, we're going to put so much time and effort into the call and all that. Can kind of come across as like when I kind of reread it and stuff, I was like, well, we've only really  spoken about goal and struggle. Like how much time can you really put into it? So I just changed it up. Beautiful work. And just. So on that, we don't usually do reschedules as we found that the guys that get the best results are wanting to have self-accountability to show up on time so we can get it sorted. So more so just pulling on the lever of having the accountability to show up.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then like sort of labeling them. So it's like you do seem like that guy, but before we go any further, I just want to confirm, will you 100% be able to make that time?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just, just less sort of, yeah, I guess confronting and, you know, we're still direct and stuff, but a lot of, so to put this simply, I basically changed a lot of this to remove any, remove any of the ways out essentially, like just setting it as the standard is just to sort of show up on time. Like that's just what people do, you know, because I, even for, you know, I removed the question. saying. Like, I removed the question where it was like, if you have, yeah, so for this one, for example, if something does pop up, it was if something pops up or you have any issues jumping on. So I removed that of if something does pop up because it's like I don't want to even give them the option to, you know, opt out if they just don't  feel like getting on the call, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if you have any issues, just feel free to shoot me a message here, right? And I removed the link and stuff because we're sending them the link on the day of the call and they're getting it in the automation. So there's no point in, like, overwhelming them now with a bunch of .
Arran Humphreys: So it's like, and the call will be on Google Meet, so please just make sure you've got the app downloaded. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We're just removing that. So I'll do a copy of this. This is my one, but.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, then I'll just go and change mine. I'll just copy it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then when we do wrap the call up, I've added this. So to get the most out of the call, just have a think about, you know, where you're at. You know, why you want to make the change and what it's actually going to do for you. And then send them the video, chat soon, Michael, whatever their name is.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: I think it's this one. I think that's it. Yeah. So I'm not sure if you're on, do you have this part here?
Arran Humphreys: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, oh, actually should do. I trained Mel on how to do it. I sent him all the stuff before joining doing yours, but even so.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, man. I've even had these puns, bro. I had like three organic submissions, sent him a message, like text message, instantaneously, bro. Just left it unread. Okay. How did you change your mind in two  seconds?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Cool bro. So there's the tweaks there. Now in terms of go a high level, let me also go into here. Is this the one I want? Maybe this one? No, I don't know. I just... Jolly, don't be a , you fucker. Anyway, it's fine. Essentially, what I've changed this to, I've got to find it after this because there was plenty on, you know, getting into my US one. So now you're going to have to change this a little bit because this is obviously because I use a closer. You only really have to, we'll just go through it and I'll  just show you. So the emails that stay the same, we'll say the SMSs. So you'll see 13 minutes after, again, this is from the closest, you'll have the changes, but it's like, hey. Andrew, Tommy here from Kyle's team at EMP, just saw you locked in a call with me for, you know, 5 p.m. on Thursday, keen to have a chat, join links in the emails or whatever, give a video, watch, make the whole call way more value before you, right? So it's like, it's more personalized coming from the closer.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then 24 hours before, hey, Andrew, just a heads up, we're on for tomorrow at, you 4 p.m. I just reviewed your convo with Kyle and came to have a chat, just so I can make the call as valuable as possible for you, is there anything specific you want to cover?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So with this reminder, it's kind of changing and not to be like, hey, bro, I'm just reminding you, it's like kind of asking him a question. That's the other thing as well. The day before message, I changed to instead of like, can you confirm, it's like, hey, bro, just look through my calendar for tomorrow and can confirm we're good for 4 p I just wanted to check if you had a chance to check out those videos I sent above.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Two hours before, two hours is the link to join. Ten minutes before, we're go on ten, jump on a couple of minutes early just so we can rip straight in.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sweet. Okay. I can change them. See how that goes as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the only thing to be cautious about with this is obviously like if you've been chatting with them in, Instagram DMs, it'd be kind of weird if you'd SMS them 13 minutes after. I'd be like, hey, you know, just so we had a call for a dude.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Well, how do you, because mine's just, I pay for a number. I don't see the messages in Gohan.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you will. I should do. If you've got the number and it sends out text, you just go into Conversations.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: So if we could do this  thing. Yeah, Conversations here. You can filter it if you want by SMS.
Arran Humphreys: SMS, copy. Okay. Yep, yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, you'll see that this message is just sent out to Old Man tomorrow, for example.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, sweet. I didn't even know that. It's handy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's it. Yeah. Beautiful. So we'll change those around. Now, let's go have a look at, because I want to see for myself why they sort of did reschedule. Were they legitimate reasons? Like, are they rescheduling?
Arran Humphreys: Ah, some of them. Well, some, they're all  different. Let's have a look. I'll search up the names. So we can have a look at them. Blake Peters was one.
Kyle Musca: They qualified leads.
Arran Humphreys: Just trying to find what his name on Instagram is. Blake Peters.
Kyle Musca: It was all five days ago. What the 's going on? Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, that can't. He didn't even actually confirm. So Mel just booked him in. So he said, yeah, that was the day before. So that was just Mel sort of. that up a little bit. The next one, Cameron Neal.
Kyle Musca: Doesn't seem like there's, I don't know why, but it's not seeming to pull. These are all an hour ago, and then it just goes back to like  days ago. That doesn't really make sense.
Arran Humphreys: What are you, are you in, what's the filter?
Kyle Musca: Unless they weren't, maybe they didn't finish it.
Arran Humphreys: Um, he was an organic, that's why.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay, that makes sense. Oh, well, he's tagged him as Booktall, so let's just  do that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that'll be it. So, This fella said that he was on a, in his  tractor, he rescheduled today, and then I asked him to, when he wants to reschedule, but he hasn't asked, said anything yet. So this is Mel. So I think I'm going to ask now to do the follow-up stuff better, because he sort of just stopped.
Kyle Musca: Mel should be, yeah, one, he needs to finish the post-booking flow, and he's kind of just getting lazy here. It's like, well, was this you or was this him?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, that's him. I don't know why it's come up as that. I haven't done messaging for...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so he needs to be more specific here, like all locked in, can you check? So I would also say this is contributing to it as well, because you're not, like if you book a call in and be like, oh sweet, all locked in bro, I mean he's still saying, but like check it if it's right on your end. It's like, what do you mean by that? You know what I So again, he should definitely be following the stages in the script more.
Arran Humphreys: Yep. I'll, as soon as we get off this call, I'll update that script and then I'll send it through to him and say, hey bro, can you, can you follow this please?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Basically word for word, like what's better? Yes. Like, and if it's better, add it to your calendar. Like, no, just again, that's sort of opening up for wording of like, if that's what you want to do type of thing, but it's just like, you know, add it to your calendar. So it's easy to find.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Definitely, definitely get that. That's all.
Arran Humphreys: This dude's who I have next.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. So, hopefully. Keep it on that, though. Like, you know, let's have look. So, all looked in, but it did come back to the confirmation email.
Arran Humphreys: Maybe he's using eye level. Maybe that's why it's coming up, is that.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, that could definitely be why. But, again, it's just, like, I'm not necessarily opposed to him shortening it, because it does look very text-like. Normal. But he needs to kind of follow the same essence of it. So it's like, all locked in, bro. Should have just got a confirmation email. Can you add that to it?
Arran Humphreys: Can you confirm it so it adds to your calendar? Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Something like that. Like, just to avoid confusion, I would just tell him to say,  follow the script.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So he's just rushing through that. So I would say that's a very big part of why this is contributing to such a bad shop, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Because he sort of did the same with that Cameron dude, Cameron Neal. He booked in. I rescheduled this dude today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So again, sweet bro, all locked in. Sweet man, it's a oh , what happened to this  thing? All locked in, should have just got a confirmation email, did it come through, legend, core will be in Zune, here's a quick video, and then he just dips, and then this happens.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, he does it every time, he dips every time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, what can happen there is like, you know, they feel like they've just had this conversation with you, given you contact information, it's like, cool, alright, I'm  off now.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You don't want to do it all the way to next week, Friday, that's too  long.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's why I said, um, do a late one one night, had that William, want to  reschedule ages away. He's got like 30-something kilos to lose, so I was like, get on the call, .
Kyle Musca: That was Friday, 17th. that .
Arran Humphreys: That's what I said. Oh, bro. That may have been it. See, we had this one fella, , I'd have to, I'll see if I can pull it up. I think this made Mel, like, so he did the follow-up on him, like, after, like, just confirming, and then old mate was a bit of a fuckwit, and he was like, oh, sounds a little bit salesy, doesn't it? And then he didn't show up on the call.
Kyle Musca: When was that?
Arran Humphreys: I'm trying to, it was a couple weeks ago. There was a fella that Mel did, like, the follow-up, that, search up Todd Ritchie's. From Todd Ritchie's, is his name. It was a couple weeks ago.
Kyle Musca: There should be many shows. It's  awful. Or toddles.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. So he did all of this, and then he said, sounds like a sales pitch note, and then the  just didn't require.
Kyle Musca: I mean, very rare that you get that, but this was, again, the old one. So it's like, yeah. I mean, to me, that doesn't sound salesy. It's just my time, but.
Arran Humphreys: He was a bit of a fuckwit. Look what he said to me down at the bottom. And then I said. He's like,  off, .
Kyle Musca: He clicked the ad again.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, he clicked the ad again. And then he, I was just like, what are you  on about, you  with? So I sort of just had to be good.
Kyle Musca: Nah, so, yeah, I would just tell Mel to use the proper script again with the updated. Yeah. Yeah, because I kind of, again, I refine that. So it's like I'm not, I'm like sort of torn in between, doesn't sound salesy. But at the same time, I can see, not see where he's coming from, but yeah. Cool, man. All right. Well, yeah, I definitely think.
Arran Humphreys: At least we've got an improvement to do. We can try. We can definitely improve in that front, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I definitely think the new script will be better because it just sounds a little bit more natural and it's less sort of, you know.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. In your face.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, exactly. The other thing there is we just need to sort of figure out what we want to do for the SMS. Well, because to be honest, like what you could do instead here is you could keep the SMSs the same in terms of, so this is what it currently would be for you. Yeah, so if I was you, and, you know, you obviously don't have a closer, what I would do is I would keep all the SMSs more so set up as, like, just generic reminders.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, yeah, same SMS. I would maybe reword this. Hard to say without seeing what you're... Can you... Actually, yeah, pull yours up.
Arran Humphreys: Do you want to share your screen? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then before I forget on that as well, I would probably go and change that. So the pre-call messaging, I would basically get Mel to re-engage the conversation the night before and just be like, hey, bro, just review on our conversation so I'm fully prepped for tomorrow. Well, let's I'm to have a chat. Is there anything, just so I can make it as valuable as possible for you, is there anything specific you want to cover? So we're trying, the reason we're doing that is we're trying to, one, ask a question to get them to reply and in a way confirm that they're still good for the call. And then secondly, showcase that there's going to be actual value to the call so they have a reason to show up, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then after that, be like, awesome, bro. You know, reply dynamically based off that. And be like, have you had a chance to, also, have you had a chance to watch those videos I've sent before? Because, like, if they watch those videos, it's very likely that they'll jump on the call.
Arran Humphreys: Yep. Okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: So I request control here on Sustis.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Can you do that? Oh, yeah. I see. I've just got to do something on this setting.
Kyle Musca: How many calls have you booked for the rest of the week?
Arran Humphreys: Can you do that now? You should be able to do it now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, beautiful.
Arran Humphreys: I have one tomorrow, one Friday.
Kyle Musca: So just one.
Arran Humphreys: One tomorrow, one Friday. Tomorrow's one's an organic. I reckon he's going to be pretty good. He's come from a referral, so I reckon I'll close him. I've been pumping the referral people lately, actually. I've got  heaps of it. It's been great.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Because people like, like, $150 is a decent amount for a lot of people, so that's  loving it up at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've actually written a book. I've only just started today, actually, but it's called Alchemy, which is about, like, so basically psychological marketing, basically the opposite of, like, why things work when they don't logically make sense. And he talks about, which, you know, I've already known, there's no point in being middle of the market, right? You either go really cheap, which you basically just race to the bottom, then it's not a good way to go. Or you go really expensive, right? Because people have excitement about spending a lot of money on things. And there's a status symbol that comes along with spending a lot on something that's important to them, right? So, yeah, when people do pay for higher-priced things, one, they feel better about it because they feel like they're, you know, higher-classed essentially. But two, like they feel like they're – there's a lot of reasons. I'm trying to like think of this and that at the same time. But more expensive  is premium quality. You know I mean? People associate it cheap with  quality, right? Yeah. It's like, oh, if it's expensive, it must be good.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Just send Aaron. I mean, if Humphreys, reckon Aaron a message on – Yeah, so we'll keep these real – Nice, and now, see what I reckon we do here is, what's this one? And you're sending the morning of message?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, like just a voice memo, but this says morning of, this sends a little one as well, but I send a voice memo from my Instagram account.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I reckon we do is let's remove this one.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Because it's not really relevant, if you're already, again, because there's no point in sending an automated reminder if you're going to send a personalized manual reminder, know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Otherwise you're just doubling up for no reason. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I get that.
Kyle Musca: Quickly. Let me come back to this real quick, two seconds, and what I will change this to, what I will get, I'll send this to you so you can paste it there. No, maybe they do not fly here. Do you see that one come through?
Arran Humphreys: Watch out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, that bottom one I sent. Beautiful, is that, let me take back over here. beautiful and then i'll set my one as well are you sending something to me yeah yeah two seconds Oh, f***. Idiot. on.
Arran Humphreys: Just delete it, you reckon?
Kyle Musca: Oh, Ego's pace, the whole thing. It should work. Oh, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: So here's the link again.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no, no, no. Is that the wrong one? What happened there?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, what do you want on there?
Kyle Musca: Oh, so after we're good to jump on 10, just make sure to add the jump on a couple of minutes early.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. 10 minutes till we're on. That's pretty good at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then remove the, here's the link, because you already sent it above, and then talk soon, remove that.
Arran Humphreys: Certainly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then you might want to, let me see if I can take over here, careful, that should be a little bit better.
Arran Humphreys: That's right.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, so, so I've sent in text on WhatsApp, just so you have it, change night before message to a name. Two seconds.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I sent you through the coach  as well today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so let's look at that in a second. Just going through our combo there.
Arran Humphreys: That lad that's done the delay paid in full. He's  around, bro. I don't know if he's going to do He's been texting me, yeah, yeah, there's money on the account, and I'm like, well, it's declining. And then I send him the link, and he goes off, says there's insufficient funds. You know what I'm  put money in the account, you  idiot.
Kyle Musca: Just tell him, like, what we'll do, bro, is we'll just do half now, and then just take  away from him.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah. I might text him and send it up.
Kyle Musca: Apply. Something like that. Obviously, change it slightly if you need to. But essentially, we just want to kind of try and re-engage that conversation the night before and just remind them about what time it is without directly reminding them, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: So is this for the automation here?
Kyle Musca: No, no, no, no. So that would be the night before message that you send them. So instead of saying, I just checked my calendar, can confirm Wicked for 4 p.m., Can you confirm on your end as well?
Arran Humphreys: You'll send that instead. Okay. Yep. Okay. I can do that. That's no worries.
Kyle Musca: We might have to change the voice notes slightly to suit that, but that's pretty fine.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Sweet. That's easy.
Kyle Musca: Hopefully that should improve shop, right, a little bit, just adding a bit more personalisation and removing some of those double-up confirmations.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. So it's not so in your face a little bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Cool, bro. Is there anything specific that you want to cover?
Arran Humphreys: Not really. Not at the moment. Just organic content. I was getting more organic leads this week, which was good. I think I was posting a bit. A more like value. It's got  else reach, but I've been getting  that gets reach after it. So I'm like, oh, you know, at least when they go on my page, it's not just all like viral stuff that you can get a bit of value, I guess, which I think has been helping. I was going to ask you too, with the dashboard, is there an easy way to pull how many leads there are from ManyChat? Because I've been  like counting them like individually and it takes that long. I don't know if there's an easy way to do it.
Kyle Musca: For the week.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you do, I'll show my screen.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, I'll stop it.
Kyle Musca: So you just come into here and then you go inbox. So filter conditions tagged qualified, and then system field subscribed after set date. So, you know, if it was, let's say, last week,  off. And then you have to do it again. So you have to do two. So subscribed before the end of the week. So if I was going to be eight, then just go apply.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, so this is actually going to show all the people that finished the flow.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah, so in terms of actual, so, sorry, I did it. You shouldn't do it in conversation. You should do it in contacts. So let's redo that. Tag qualified. System field subscribed after the first. System field subscribed before the eighth. And then that will give you their 77.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, okay. So that is saying, is that just saying they just opted in? Or is that saying they completely finished the flow?
Kyle Musca: The qualified lead tag is completely finished the flow.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. All right. 77. That seems way too many.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's mine. That's mine.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, is it?
Kyle Musca: I'm thinking, God.
Arran Humphreys: I'm what the 's going on here?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Interesting with this as well. So I'm still playing around with them and everything like that. You can see this one's starting to pull through pretty decently. Again, you're still getting a lot of time wasters, which is  annoying. Actually, on that, we should check. I've got, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: And I've been doing the organic-looking ones that you said as well.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, you keep going.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I've been doing the organic-looking ones that you said, but I've just been trying to get a bit better. I wasn't happy with them, the ones I made, so I just keep trying until I'm like, okay, sick, I've got that dialed in.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, beautiful. Yeah. So I'll change that as well. Yeah, cool. So this is a problem. Like 60% click-through rate is very low. That's probably one of the lowest I've seen it out of anyone's. So, you know, I very much think that's coming. change. Thank you From, like, just  quality leads, because, oh, , mate. Like, usually, like, 75 is mine.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And so that's quite low. Again, that's just  what's clicking on the ad, annoyingly. So this video is starting to, like, do decent. It's not the best cost per lead ever, but it's all right. That one hasn't had spend. And what I'm going to do for this larger one is I'm just going to turn this one off now, I think, just because it's just not for pulling through. Again, you're actually getting good cost per lead. Again, it's just these annoying  that just keep messaging.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, bro. Just  leads, man. Just, yeah. cuts.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: I had one old fella. Fathom off at me because I was swearing. It's like,  off, , seriously.
Kyle Musca: In the ads.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, good thing that we actually test this, man, because you can see this one's, the broader one is actually starting to pull through way better for us. Not way better, obviously we want this to be better, but I mean, in the grand scheme of things, similar price as the other one, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. But at least it's a bit, it's a different audience, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, these are the ones that were just broad.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if I was you, man, if I was you, I would probably, just to get the turnaround time, I would film some just selfie style ads about the challenge for a broader audience and just edit them in the edits and send them through to me. We can get them up.
Arran Humphreys: Righto. Yep. I'll do that. We'll be tomorrow's main thing to do.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. I showed you the selfie style ads, hey?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful.
Arran Humphreys: Do you have any of them up on your thing so I could look at them on the ad? No.
Kyle Musca: No. Not yet because my editor still needs to tweak them slightly. Yeah. Yeah. So not just yet. Plus, what I can do, I don't know if it'll give you access if I send you this. I don't think it will. I think it will block you access. But I'm wanting to get these up within the next day or so. video is not getting back to me, . Um. will. don't think think it it I don't Yeah, so that wouldn't be fully done yet. What I'll do, let me see if I can show this. Yeah, so that should work.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, see how they go. See how they pull through. Just a different one.
Kyle Musca: What I would also do is, like, you can see these are quite long.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would create some that are, like, 10 to 20, sort of, anywhere between 10 to 30 seconds long. And you can, when you do that, you can pretty much follow the same sort of structures you follow in the graphics, to be honest.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah, yeah, I'm going to use some different photos and stuff, because I had, I had  six  messaging me asking for gear, I'm like, , can you  off, please?
Kyle Musca: They're the biggest time wasters, I've had a few people message me back here, and then you're like, , they're like, in coaching and stuff, you say the price, and they're just like, , not keen on it at all, you're the biggest retard ever, mate.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, , oh, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would come, like, have a look at these and see why they're kind of working, and again, pick angles from that, so it's like, um...
Arran Humphreys: Well, this one was quite polarizing, because I actually had people, like, put hate, like, oh, you're a  idiot, but then it's pulling through, so people are either agreeing or they're
Kyle Musca: Not agreeing. Yeah. Yeah. So you want to be polarizing, Yeah. Yeah. I reckon just go ham on getting some selfie-style videos and we'll just turn them around and see how they go.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of stuff, man?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, nah. That's all sweet with me. Obviously, yeah, bro. We'll just, I'll turn them around and we'll see how we go. From there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, sick. The only other thing I could kind of recommend doing there as well is maybe getting like, if you've got the time, maybe like six graphics or something purely for fly-in, fly-out, fly-out, fly-in. Fly out, guys. Okay. And we can just do like a real niche target to fly and fly out, guys, and just only put them as the interest target.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Just to see how it goes. Because, again, as we spoke about the other week, like, tradies can just be   . Yeah. Lazy as . So I can, yeah, if we just do our messaging to fly and fly just to test if it's worth it or not. Yeah. And then we get from there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. I like that. I'll bang them up. We'll do that. And then we'll go from there. But, like, anything else you reckon I should be doing, like, help us keep growing. I think it's just more getting, like, a coach and stuff so I can get a bit more time back, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's just a matter of fixing and figuring out the machine, to be honest. You know, we went heavily into obviously going for tradies, which made sense. But like, again, we've come to realize that tradies are just  guns and time wasters and it's not worth it. So usually when it comes to this, man, it's just a matter of fixing the message and going from there. Because it makes sense for you to do tradies. Like, you know, you've obviously worked out the mines and everything like that. But, I mean, realistically, no one's going to like, if they're a cold  client or a cold, cold viewer, they're not going to know that. So it's like, you can basically just target whoever the  you want.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I would also recommend you doing here is, like, if you are going to do some messaging, include like Aussie men into your marketing. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I like that. So I get rid of all the Indians.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, all the Indians. And you also like, you know, appeal to people that are more, I guess you'd call them like Aussie national. You know, they want to work with an Australian type thing. So it's like if you promote that you're an Australian or you're looking for Australians, that could be that little bit of a differentiating factor for them to reach out.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I can do that, man. But yeah, bro, that's pretty good. I think everything else is going pretty smoothly. Just trying to close these calls, get them on the call.
Kyle Musca: I think that should help by changing those couple things out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. thing with it is like, again, you've just got to, that's the thing with marketing. That's why it's such a big kick in the testicles is you've just got to test and  get through the testing phase to figure out. out what works, and then once you figure out what works, you just  scale it from there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and yeah, that's exactly what we'll do. So yeah, let me know how you go with that stuff, man. As soon as you send it through to me, I'll get it up. Oh, the coaching thing as well.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did you send me the graphics for it?
Arran Humphreys: Yep, in a Google Drive. There's only three. I didn't do a heap. I didn't know if we needed a whole  heap.
Kyle Musca: No, Yeah, no, three is perfect. Yep, perfect. Okay. I'm going to send them to me as well. And I just copied the same form that you did.
Arran Humphreys: Like, I just made it the same questions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yep. Oh, I'll get that sorted for you, and I'll get that out ASAP.
Arran Humphreys: Sweet. Sweet. But yeah, man. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. Other than that, I'll just reach out if I have any questions or anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely, man. Cool, bro. Keep me updated with how you go for the rest of the week, and I'll keep keeping you very close out on the ads.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sweet. Righto, man. Appreciate it, bro. Awesome, man. Cheers. See ya.


>>> 156/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-08T08:25:37Z | id:136167073
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. bro. How going? Oh, I think he muted. Let's see if I can ask.
Jarred Visser: I'm here. How's that?
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. How you going, man?
Jarred Visser: Not bad, South, buddy.
Kyle Musca: Not too bad. Not too bad.
Jarred Visser: How's your day? Oh, yeah. It's pretty good. No rain for once. So, yeah. Good on Melbourne weather, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Nice, man. Nice. You have a pretty good Easter weekend?
Jarred Visser: Yeah, yeah. No, I did three rodeos, covered one of three of my bulls, and, yeah, enjoyed a few beers while at it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Nice, man. Nice. Cool. Well, bro, I just want to sort of jump on with you. You've obviously been  killing it recently, so I just want to sort of touch base with sort of how you find the program and just sort of like a little bit. So I guess, yeah, well, to start from scratch, how do you sort of find things at the moment, man?
Jarred Visser: Yeah, no, good, good. The cut sucked for a bit, especially when I started getting down towards the low 70s. But, yeah, other than that, it's not too bad. The only issues I'm having now is struggling to hit the calories for my maintenance now. Other than that, yeah, I'm hitting all my weight targets and whatnot, getting in my Muay Thai training as well. Kyle's been unreal. He's been setting me up, so I haven't been burning out too much. Because, yeah, I am pretty flat out when I get going.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely hard to sort of balance everything. How often do you sort of do on the Muay Thai?
Jarred Visser: I try and get in five nights a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, okay.
Jarred Visser: five, six days a week. That's if I can get there. At minimum, I do three nights a week, up until the other, about two or three weeks ago, I was doing weights three days a week, and I've upped that to five now, once I've hit the maintenance stage, so, yeah.
Kyle Musca: that'd And, I mean, you've only lost it, what, seven kilos total?
Jarred Visser: I got down to nine, but I was talking to Kyle the other day, I don't know what happened, because I looked bloody unreal at 73 kilo, but then I'd have, like, a packet of Pringles, or, like, I'd have a bit of Nando's, just get over my calories, then I'd blow it back up to 75. So, I don't know whether my body's naturally where it wants to sit, but, yeah, when I sucked right down, it didn't take much to blow back up again, that's for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a few things can happen there, like, once you're in a rule. Sort of lean, depleted state. Your body's kind of getting desperate for calories, so it wants to soak everything you can up. And more often than not, like if you do sort of go over your calories, and especially if you go over your carbs and everything like that, your body will just like retain heaps of water.
Jarred Visser: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which is usually why you sort of see that spike, but usually it comes down pretty quickly if you get back on top of things. Because I was going to say there, I I was like, you've lost between seven to nine kilos at the moment, roughly seven kilos from your starting weight. But, I mean, it looks, in terms of like fat loss, it looks like you've lost way more, man.
Jarred Visser: Yeah. No, I've leaned out pretty well. Like, it is noticeably different. And the amount of compliments and  I've been copping the last couple of weeks have been unreal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Jarred Visser: And funny side story. So, Biles' marathon coach is actually my ex's cousin.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Jarred Visser: And my ex, I ran the to my ex on the weekend, and she's been blowing up my phone ever since. Obviously, my body's, yeah, and everything, eh? And, yeah, I just thought that was quite humorous.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's funny as fun.
Jarred Visser: That's good.
Kyle Musca: That's a bit of a win. Okay.
Jarred Visser: Beautiful, bro. And that's only one little story. Look, heaps of friends and family are going, holy , you've, yeah, leaned up heaps, leaned up heaps. Mates from high school going, mate, you look jacked. I'm like,  hell, I'm only, like, yeah, eight kilos lighter than I was beforehand. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's awesome, bro. Perfect. I guess, with that, man, like, just, yeah, I guess going down that sort of avenue, like, what's been sort of the biggest win from the program so far, in your opinion?
Jarred Visser: Um, biggest win for the program. Healthy habits, I reckon. Um, yeah. Because it hasn't been a diet, and pretty much, it's... Uh, Okay. Well, Sort of like the catalyst, I'd say. I had a heap of things on the go at once, but to just dial in and go, you know what, I'm sick of being injured, I'm sick of feeling like , sick of being miserable, and just flip that on its head. Everything else from that has ended up buying a house, which is going to be completed in August. Confidence is through the roof. My fitness is through the roof. With my bull riding, I'm lighter and more durable than I was before, so I'm getting hurt a lot less. That was another catalyst for me, actually getting on top of this. was sick of getting hurt. With injuries that just shouldn't happen, just, body was just weak at the time, and yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Jarred Visser: Yeah, it was sort of like the catalyst I needed to just get into it, get out of the dark, toxic place.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. Well, you know, as I said, you've lost seven-odd kilos and looking like a completely new man. guess outside of the physical results, man, like what have you sort of noticed that sort of changed the most?
Jarred Visser: Like I said before, healthy habits, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Jarred Visser: And it started off with nutrition and I was always a physical person. Like I've been doing Muay Thai for years, five, six days a week. Before COVID, I was doing mixed martial arts, two a day, six days a week. And them sessions were like three hours long. Like I'd have my sparring and then my class and then my boot camp on top of that. So I've been pretty active for a while. Yeah, it was just dialing some healthy habits to get on top of nutrition, start feeling good. And yeah, from that, it's just sort of just snowballed, really. And yeah. Confidence, like I said, confidence is through the roof. Look good, feel good, be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Jarred Visser: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. You've obviously been quite active for a lot of your life, man. I guess, if anyway, how was the program sort of different from things you've tried before?
Jarred Visser: More so just being accountable, really. Checking in regularly. Actually, beforehand, besides my coach, and they're not nutritionists or anything like that, they just, okay, hit the bag, okay, we're doing six rounds of sparring, like that. No one are really dialing nutrition and structure in that regard. So having someone help me go down that path and then stay on top of me every two days, weekly, keep me accountable. If I slipped up during the cut and had a couple of views, I'd get my arse kicked, you know? So... So, yeah, nah, it's good like that. And through that, through repetition, it creates a habit. And, yeah, I'm just, yeah, kicking goals now, so I can't really complain too much. Like, the other day, it was this bit of a, I noticed that every now and then I'll start going through, like, the middle aisles of Woolies and whatnot. And, yeah, when I wanted my snacks, early days I'd be like, oh, a can of Pringles or  a bag of chips. But now it's fruit section, you know. You can get these microwave meals that are pretty good if you want a snack. And, yeah, it's sort of where I spend my time now in the groceries, at the Simbark's on the outer aisles.
Kyle Musca: So, and that's just come through repetition and keeping myself accountable, really. Yeah, beautiful. So, I guess that kind of comes back to the kind of healthy habits and everything. Like that, it's just not something that you really go out of your way to do anymore.
Jarred Visser: It's just sort of a part of who you are by the sounds of things. Exactly right, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if the compliments keep coming, well, then that's just a bonus if you keep doing it, eh? Yeah, absolutely. And I guess, I know you mentioned like healthy habits and stuff like that, but like, I guess, is there anything sort of different that you're, I guess, more so even feeling from, you know, when you first started the program compared to now on a day-to-day basis?
Jarred Visser: Um, not really. My energy still ebbs and flows. Um, if anything, I've probably got a little bit more energy at the moment. Um, hunger levels, they vary just like anything. If I'm working out more, get more hungrier. Um, but no, energy levels, I'm waking up more energetic than I would. Like early days, I would have been struggling to get out of bed, you know, looking for any excuse for An extra half hour to lay down. So energy is a big one. Confidence is a big one. Confidence is probably the main thing out of this program I've picked up on, to be honest. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good. So getting sort of that, I guess, external feedback that you've actually come quite a long ways.
Jarred Visser: Well, that didn't really happen until I was more confident in myself. So I don't know if it was something I've started projecting and people picked up on. But, yeah, I don't know. I started noticing that probably around when I hit the 76 kilo mark at the quarter way through, I'm like, , I've got abs. And having an ego  every time I check, walk past my reflection in the mirror during summer. And then, yeah, I suppose I started looking good, feeling good, projecting it. And through that, just confidence came. And from there, everything just snowballed. Like, started getting good again.
Kyle Musca: it? You're serious. I'm Goodbye. Bye. Yeah, yeah.
Jarred Visser: And on top of that, I haven't been getting pissed anywhere near as much as I was six months ago.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Jarred Visser: I still enjoy a beer. Like I had over the Easter weekend, I had a good dose of beers, but  me, I would have gone through three or four times as much before your program.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Jarred Visser: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you've mentioned competence a few times, Ben. Like, what have you actually noticed the, like, difference in terms of competence in a real-world sort of application?
Jarred Visser: Real-world application?
Kyle Musca: I mean, it doesn't happen.
Jarred Visser: Just  talking to people is a big one. I don't know whether it's being competent, you project a bit of an aura, become a little bit more welcoming to people. You can just go up and talk to them and not really care too much. You're like, , I'm king dick here, you know? Yeah, and just knowing, yeah, you look good, you feel good, you've got 100% confidence in yourself to go after whatever it is. , and I'll use Muay Thai as an example. I'll probably get my head kicked in a couple of times during training, but , I'll walk in there feeling like I can beat everyone up, eh? Yeah, but before the program, was felt like a potato, I was sluggish, I was always bloody hurt, just really gut-running it through a good session of training, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, awesome, man.
Jarred Visser: Durability is probably a big one. I'm feeling stronger. With the bulls and stuff, I'll get put through the ring and so I'm a shock, and I'll bounce off the ground, and most people break their collarbones, you know? And I'll get back up feeling strong. I'm like, after Monday night, after the rodeo, I went and done a bloody chest and arm workout. Yeah, I mean, mates are sitting there carrying on about the bumps and bruises they got, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. And that's sick. Okay. And I guess you mentioned it, you sort of touched base on it a little bit so far, but like, I guess, what was the thing that sort of flipped the switch for you and made you sort of decide that you wanted to do something like this?
Jarred Visser: Yeah, I was miserable. I was sick of feeling like , sick of getting hurt through injuries that could have been prevented. But don't get me wrong, I've made life pretty hard for Kyle, being injured every couple of weeks with a torn groin at the start of the program. I had a Pyreneal strain that flared up twice. Yeah, I ended up with eight stitches in my knee at one point. Yeah, so I have made life easy for Kyle, just worked around all of that. But  like that, I was sick of happening at a regular... On basis, a lot more than usual. So, yeah, I'd say just sick of feeling like , sick of looking like , sick of being down in the dumps, and, yeah, getting injured by preventable injuries, you know? How many times do you see people get off the couch and go for a 3K run and they come back and they won't be able to do it for two or three months because they've put muscles they haven't used? You know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so, I mean, there's the healthy habits, there's the durability, and from the sounds of it, it's like a decent mental shift as well in terms of just overall stuff.
Jarred Visser: Yeah, 100%. I've always been pretty strong-willed and strong in a mind, but, yeah, after this program, it's 10x, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, awesome, man. That's fantastic, bro. Well, yes, again, just want to jump on it. know, it's Obviously, we've been sort of running that challenge and everything that sort of wrapped up last week. So I've been speaking to Kyle very consistently, you know, about your progress and everything. It was a very sort of close call, man. So, you know, we kind of decided that you have come through on second place there.
Jarred Visser: Yeah, that would have been by socials because I don't post much at all on socials at all.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, for the guys coming through the actual challenge, the socials was more so the guys like internally that were already on to try and give them something to really push for. So for that, we sort of classed you into, you know, the fresh challenge start. You don't do a little bit, but we gripped you into there. So with that, man, that comes with a $400 ghost supplement.
Jarred Visser: Oh, beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you can go on and sort of pick out anything you want, man, up to $400.
Jarred Visser: Yeah, shoot me through a list row and I'll get that sorted for you and send it. No, awesome.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. No worries at all, man. Beautiful, bro. Well, man, is there anything you want to touch base on? Anything I could help you out with or anything like that while I've got you on the phone?
Jarred Visser: No, not off the top of my head, eh? I'll probably think about it for a while and come over here with something. But no, at the moment, I'm pretty good, pretty happy with dealing with Kyle and the group,  hanging  on Craig the other week, was a pisser, with his white legs. No, it's a good group that you've got there in the group chat. It's pretty good, like, watching all the boys come through and egging them on and, yeah, really seeing. What was I saying the other day? It's rising tides lifts all boats, so as the group gets better, it helps bring everyone else up. And hopefully, yeah, I can be an inspiration to some of these other guys when they post me before and afters.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%, man. you'd be surprised at how many sort of guys actually really do sort of look up to that sort of stuff. And there's a lot of guys that sort of don't really chat in the group chat very much, but they do sort of follow it closely.
Jarred Visser: Yeah, I'm one of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I speak to them all the time. They always tell me about how, you know, people that drop in, you know, updates of their progress and everything like that do actually sort of make a huge difference for them. So, yeah, man, if you're, you know, not super vocal, then I would definitely encourage to drop stuff in there, because it definitely does help out.
Jarred Visser: Yeah. Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man.
Jarred Visser: All right, bro.
Kyle Musca: I'll let you back to it, man. And, yeah, just shoot me through that list whenever. And then also just shoot me through the address you want me to send it to. And I'll get that sorted for you, man.
Jarred Visser: Awesome. Well done, mate.
Kyle Musca: Thank you very much.
Jarred Visser: Good chatting.
Kyle Musca: Cheers, man. You enjoyed this today. Well, God's up. See you, bro. Bye. Bye.


>>> 157/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-09T05:02:11Z | id:136517193
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: To what we spoke about last week, and that kind of- This meeting is being recorded. Oh, yeah, cool. Yeah, it kind of goes into what we were talking about last week with the set of demand, and that kind of converts it, confirms it if you've sort of jumped in there more actively.
xavier kelly: Is it over the last two days specifically, or? Yeah, over the last couple days, I really just was on top of it as much as possible, and just by de facto was figuring out, you know, where the gaps were, and it was, you know, definitely need to be labeling leads so that we know what stage they are in the script.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: Like coaching interest check, or like manual booking, like they've got to what part. So just knowing where you're at, so that's easy to do follow-ups, and then obviously just being, just always refreshing it, and then just going.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, one thing I'd really recommend. And it's like whenever you do something, like obviously, depending on what it is, I guess, but like get used to doing it yourself and like map out the process first yourself so you can understand like one, to set a bit of a baseline, a standard of what you can expect, you know? Because if you jump in there and you really focus on setting and you've already booked two calls in two days, essentially, it's like, well, okay, on average, you know, obviously we'd want more data. But just based off that, it's like, we should be able to expect at least one call a day if there's someone in there doing their job. And even with that, that also highly depends on like how active you've actually been in there because you've got so many other tasks. Like if it's someone's sole responsibility just to handle DMs, it's like the whole point of hiring someone is they should be able to do it at the very least just as good as you. But if it's their whole task and solely their responsibility, like they should be able to do it better than you.
xavier kelly: That's the whole point of hiring someone. Mm-hmm, exactly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: And I think even like... Even with the direct coaching applications or just the lead magnet, I think either is fine as long as you're getting into the conversation with them and you're just on it when they're in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. If you were in there chatting to them, I would definitely add more voice notes and everything like that into it just so you can actually see that it's you talking to them.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Can you send an audio? Oh, you can do it on ManyChat. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So let's break down the week, man.
xavier kelly: How many calls have you had total? I had a call this morning, but it cut out because his phone died within like five minutes or something like that, the internet. So I'm rescheduling him for tomorrow. And I've got two more today after this.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So that's solid. Where did they come from? Were they direct response or were they lead magnets?
xavier kelly: Let me have a look. This guy, Canadian, he's a banker. He's in banking. Direct from the story.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Perfect.
xavier kelly: And then we've got, I believe this one might have been a form fill-out. Yeah, this one was from a form fill-out. She's from Doha.
Kyle Musca: Are you directing all people to messaging it? Oh, that's probably TikTok.
xavier kelly: Yeah, TikTok. Yeah, TikTok. She's leaving to Canada, so she can afford a holiday to Canada. She lives in Doha, so I guess we'll see about financial qualification. And then I had... This other guy who I believe is a security guard, he's a security guard working in London, and he was a lead magnet.
Kyle Musca: We'll see how we go. UK's not the best economy, but if he's in London, he might have the money. Okay, cool, man. Now, how are you going with that sort of newer style of content?
xavier kelly: I haven't gotten another video since I got swamped. I posted a video today, which was a repost that's already doing well, and I'm editing one now that I didn't see them. Can you hear me? Yeah, so I posted a, I did a repost yesterday of that video that did really well, and then I just went. And then I'm editing one that I filmed yesterday. And then I'd like to get another one tomorrow, maybe a drive-thru video or a food comparison video. Yeah, just the past few days has been really hectic. We've just packing and .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, so I think, man, this has continued to climb. Like, this has got 750 likes, which is , like, very, very good for, like, a value-driven piece of content. Yeah. This one was 355. That was just a drive-thru stuff. That's going to be the stuff that, you know, asserts yourself more as a coach.
xavier kelly: Yeah. I feel like I'm so used to getting, like, such high views. Like, just in general. Like, I used to do TikTok, not fit. And I get like a million or 5 million views, 100,000 likes every video and all that . So when I see numbers like this, I just don't even know what's good or like what that would translate to if I had everything dialed in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, again, this just is looking at the different types of content. So it's like this content is going to get you the reach and engagement and the following and everything that would be what you want. But this content is going to start to like shift, one, your closer followers, the followers that engage with your stuff more. But it's going to allow them to start actually seeing you as a coach that has information and value to give rather than just, you know, trying recipes online, essentially.
xavier kelly: Yeah. There's the drive-thru as well, dude.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the drive-thru. So it's like, I think a combination of that. The only other thing I think you're missing as well. Oh, you might have done it. Yeah. It's just the carousels, man. Like if you got, if you can consistently do these, the carousels. And these, those are going to be your three basis for a really nice, well-rounded social media sort of presence.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Let me just pop this in my calendar because I read it in my notes and it's just not enough. So let's go Monday is real coaching type.
Kyle Musca: Do you film them one at a time?
xavier kelly: Yeah. Sometimes twice.
Kyle Musca: I would start batch filming too, especially if you're, if you're, you know, you've got another stuff on as well. I would start making it a priority to batch film. Yeah. You don't have all five videos in one go, but like I'll probably do at least two to three at once just so you, you can start to stockpile them a little bit. And ideally what I would recommend doing there is like trying to get at least a week ahead. if we're aiming to post every single day, then like try and get enough. So obviously you've got at least seven videos in the pipeline that you can continuously get up to a degree.
xavier kelly: Yeah. With the coaching videos, I definitely can do that. The cooking videos, they  take ages. Like they take like an hour to edit and then like to film, set up, and you got to wait for it to cook. And then you come back to the camera set up, like it can, it can take a while depending on the recipe.
Kyle Musca: But if it's, you know, if you have to check something in the oven and it's going to take 40 minutes to cook, it's like, that's perfect time to bang out another video.
xavier kelly: For sure. For sure. For sure. Yeah. should do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Especially these types of videos. So I think time management there. And then I also think, um, Like, the faster we can implement and execute on things, man, the faster we can see what works and what doesn't work, and the faster we can start converting. So even stuff like this, I would, you know, we spoke about this last week, I would get that sort of adjusted. Like, even, because you can do two-on-one. Like, if you post a carousel about, like, your story and who you are, like, that is just something you can pin at the same time. So it's a two birds, one stone type thing. And especially while you're growing, your following is growing very rapidly at the moment. So it's, like, a lot of people are seeing this, you know what mean? You want to make sure that it's ready to, like, everyone that's coming through on that page is a potential, you know, lead for you. So you want to make sure it's, you know, the faster you can get it up, the better.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
xavier kelly: That makes sense. That makes sense. I hadn't done the stop at the top yet. I was just waiting on one more video from a lady, but I'll just post it now anyway and then just add it in the future if I need to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's not bad. Yeah. Being perfect is more so just getting it out. Yeah. And then I think just for your sake as well, I think kind of just like understanding and accepting that for this period, like you're kind of in the trenches at the moment. Like the only thing that's going to get you through this period is just simply doing the work. Yeah. That's why like when you come and, you know, ask about AI things and stuff like that, I'm like, just avoid that for now because it's like your key benefit is the fact that you are going to be doing the work and it's going to be really highly personal. It's going to be really hands-on for you. Whereas, you know, other people with that level of followings that, you know, have got their coaching or maybe not even got their coaching business to that degree, they're going to be trying to be very hands-off and trying to be very automated and not have it very personal, if that makes sense. I also think, again, I think it's just more about volumes for you as well because like even just getting more Story posts up and everything like that, like when you're doing the question, everything like that. Again, those are just like little touch points. Again, it's just the jab-jab-hook thing. You know what mean? If you're getting questionnaires up on your thing, you're getting stories about your lifestyle, about your nutrition, know, maybe even behind the scenes, whatever it is, they're all just little touch points. And the more touch points you have, the more you can actually do a direct ask. You know, like I was speaking to someone else about this the other day. So, you know, there's girls like, hold on, I'm sure guys do it as well, but there's like this girl, for example.
xavier kelly: I think you were talking to me about it the other day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like she can, like pretty much every single time, you know what mean? Every single time I go on there, there's always a CTA. You know what mean? And it's like, it's not annoying. You know what mean? It doesn't come across salesy or anything like that because she, you know, throws in like not even educational stuff. It's not crazy educational by anything. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah, for sure. She's not even really being that much of a coach on her account.
Kyle Musca: No, but, you know, for girls, it's a little bit, I mean, guys can get away with it as well, but for girls, especially, realistically, all they need to do is show off the body, show off the lifestyle, and talk about  anti-inflammation, inflammation meals and . Girls, I'm like, oh my God, you know what mean? Realistically, again, this comes down to, people just need to see you as the authority. And that's like finding the fine line of, like, education, but entertainment more so, if that makes sense. So it's like, you've got your entertainment content down, this is more so the value, I guess, somewhat educational content here. And then, obviously, the carousels and the stories will help with that as well.
xavier kelly: Would you say, like, maybe when I review the food... I say, like, I give a bit of value on its nutrition and give a bit of value on, you know, not just saying, oh, like, this is yummy, but it's not good for fat loss, but it has, you know, just provide a bit of value when I'm, yeah, you know what I'm trying to say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, again, you don't want to drag them out or anything like that. The furthest I would go for on that is, like, you know, if someone makes a meal and it's not the best for fat loss or, like, maybe it is a fat loss meal, but you see areas where it could be improved. You know what mean? That's, like, the only thing I'd change about this is instead of, you know,  piece of cheese, I would use mozzarella cheese or some  like that just off the top of my head, right?
xavier kelly: Yeah, because I do feel like I'm, I feel like I am more of a food reactioner than a coach and people see my videos and some of them are, oh, you know, it tastes good or. It's low calorie, but they're not really seeing me as someone that can truly solve their problems or someone that can help them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So again, even, yeah. So that's something I'll probably keep an eye out for it. Again, you don't want them to drag on. should only be a very short thing, but it's like, the only thing I'd recommend to change is like swap this and this. And by making those simple swaps, you're going to save over 200 calories. Again, it depends on what it is.
xavier kelly: For sure.
Kyle Musca: Well, it's been, yeah. We've already spoken about the content thing. Now it's just a matter of execution and getting that up and running. The other thing as well is I would definitely make more asks on your stories. Like you kind of just touched on it then. But, you know, you got 200 sticker taps from that the other day. It's like, well, when did you put that up?
xavier kelly: That would have been three days ago.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: it's like four days ago.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. To be honest, like I, for you, I would be getting something up every second day, like as an ask, but you, to do that, you've got to, you've got to submerge it with other  as well.
xavier kelly: Yeah. It has to be like, there's a story and you've seen me throughout the day and there's touch points.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like how are your meals when you're not filming, like just through the day?
xavier kelly: Are they pretty decent or? Um, I pretty, just eat like Caesar salad and, um, chicken and , uh, I grabbed like a massive steak roast and I just cut it. My diet's pretty, just fruit. I wanted to cut it right now.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. So, I mean, just chuck, like chuck your meals up through the day. Like it doesn't have to be anything  crazy on the stories. A lot of people will just watch them because they've got like too much time. And they just want to live vicariously through other people. Chuck, when you're out and about, maybe you're on a walk with the missus, whatever, chuck something up in your story. Chuck your full day of eating up in your story. If you're training, you might want to chuck something up. I also think for you, because your thing is very nutrition-focused, start throwing buzzwords in there. You know what mean? whole foods, nutrient-dense, you know what I mean? Like, um, all that .
xavier kelly: Okay. Yeah. For sure. Old food, nutrient-dense food.
Kyle Musca: And find the ones that work and just rinse and repeat them. Like, be all about, because it's, at the end of the day, like, people will be drawn to your philosophy and how that's different to everything else. So it's like, instead of, like, just talking about calories in versus calories out, for example, which is, like, you know, what works regardless, if you talk more about, just all about whole foods and  like that. And, you know, whatever you want to call I'm from replenishing your body or whatever the  you want to talk about, you know what mean? Micronutrients, you know what mean? People don't know even what they mean. It just sounds good. And then that gives them a reason to be like, oh, that's why everything I have tried hasn't worked.
xavier kelly: It's because I haven't tried that. It's keeping it, yeah, so differentiating by just talking about, you know, fat loss doesn't need to be perfect or whatever. Like, I just try to get the job done. These foods taste good. They're locally good swaps.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, who's good at, girls are good at this. Usually girls are good at this, so.
xavier kelly: Yeah, this chick's so good at talking to the camera. I  need to, like, take inspiration from her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. But, like, when you see no videos. I you could even do these, man, like, you know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm still off a full day of eating. That's not anything insane. I'm trying to find where she's done a video. It's absolutely shredded hourglass. Look, and I got you, okay? This is one of my... Okay, but why did no one tell me that my dream arms were actually hidden in training? Trying to find a nutrition one. Clean eating for a living body. Even that, like clean eating is a buzzword. Wellness shot. They have 5,000 pounds. Sunday, health reset. Everything she does is just  buzzwordy. Like, catch up on sleep. Self-care morning routine. Like, what the  even is that? You know what I mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah, it'd be  crazy.
Kyle Musca: Still trying to find a nutrition one because I've seen it before. I genuinely feel like I unlocked my dream physique when I started prioritizing whole foods and high protein. I know it's a lot easier said than done, but I'm here to make it a little bit easier and help you. So this is what I eat in a day. First, in the morning, I start off with probably an excessive amount of supplements. It's definitely not necessary, but we all have those things that I feel like are holding us back and supplements can really just guide us through and make it feel a little bit easier. You know what I mean? High protein breakfast and a little protein sack. You want to space out your protein throughout the day so you're not overwhelmed at night. And then a little lunch I had and I've been loving is soba noodle salad. with seared tuna in sesame seeds. Oh my goodness, it's so good. And speak of favorite things at the moment, I've been obsessing over this cheesecake bowl. So you pretty much crumble up Weet-Bix at the bottom of the bowl, cottage cheese, fruit, honey. can do so many combos. It's so good. Even this for dessert has been like so good at the moment. Anyway, dinner, it's super simple. Just ground beef, veggies, sweet potato, and then I top it with nutritional yeast and hot honey. It makes it so, I genuinely feel like I am. You know what mean? So yeah, just, yeah. Does that make sense? Like just getting more buzzwords in there?
xavier kelly: Yeah, no, I definitely get it. I think having a like good balance where, because I used to do that kind of content where I was like purely doing, just trying to be an influencer. And I did have some successful, like some good success with that. For certain videos way, way back in the day, but I think it'd be good to just do stick with like me sitting because I think that video I did where I show the food, the side-by-side, I think I probably should have just done that in my regular spot where I sit for the reaction videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I wasn't saying like do a voiceover style video, but like even in these videos, you know what mean? Like apply that to, you know, in this side is filled with whole foods, super micronutrient dense. This is not only going to fill you up, it's going to give you the energy throughout the day, you know, and where this is going to whatever.
xavier kelly: Yeah, this is going to make you crap. Yeah. So like speaking in language is what you're trying to say. Like, make it as, like, as understandable as possible. Like, this is . This is going to make you crash. This is going to, um, you're going to feel more hungry than when you started versus this is whole foods. This is high protein. This is, um, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: Whatever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, I, like, I think this video in general was like perfect for what we want to do. Like the first, it's the first time you did it, you know, it got good engagement, good views. So I'm not going to say change, like, too much about that, um, in the way you delivered it or anything like that. But you might want to just say, you know, this site's filled with whole foods, whereas this is processed crap, or something like that. You know, like, now, coming into here, and even actually duplicating that.
xavier kelly: I think one of the things that like makes me go I think one of the things that was like negging me out is like I'm getting all these leads I'm like and it's just it wasn't translating it's just like frustrating it's like  maybe I don't want to get leads so I think I need to swap the setter out with someone that as soon as I do have a good week with it actually translates to a good week for me as well but yeah you're right I am the  the thick of it  I'm at like the the  steepest part of the mountain I'm so close kind of it's just  annoying yeah but in saying like the faster you just kind of accept that you're going to have to you know pull yourself through this period you're just going to have to just do the work to get cash flow up through the business yeah the faster you can start stepping into you know the next phase which is delegation you faster you you you you the the the
Kyle Musca: And that's when you buy back your time.
xavier kelly: Correct.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, and, you know, I've seen it a few times with other people before. They get stuck in, like, wanting to get to that stage too quickly before it's ready. And then, like, what ends up happening is they try and delegate. They don't understand the process for themselves. And, like, they just kind of run themselves. Well, they don't run themselves on the ground.
xavier kelly: They just keep going in circles. You know what mean? Because, like, nothing actually comes from it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this was the most recent one.
xavier kelly: Yeah, this one I posted yesterday. Have you done the magic hat, by the way? The free coaching? No, I haven't.
Kyle Musca: That's something I would definitely do for you because you've gotten, you would have thousands of people to do that to. So what I would do for that man is you can come in here and I would, I would add this tag. I would add more actions and tags through this just so it automatically does it. But you can come into these, you know, 173 people or even the, even these 81 people that, for example, that said they interested in, in the fat loss side of things. And just tag them with lead mag fat loss, for example. And then you could just go back through all of them and just be like, hey, you've randomly won $500 for a coaching voucher for anyone. Like I randomly do this for, once a month I do a random giveaway for anyone that's, you know, got one of my. Downloaded one of my recipes or something like that. must be a lucky day you've won.
xavier kelly: Cool. You just send out a few hundreds of those.
Kyle Musca: I would, I mean, again, this really depends on having a reliable setter in there because, again, there would have been so many people that have slipped through cracks as we spoke about last week because of that is like negligence. So it's like whether you're going to do it, which is very time-consuming and tedious, or get like an hourly DM setter in there and have them in there for a set hours and tell them to go do it.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah, I need to do that setter. I'm like my payments for the solar should start coming in tomorrow and then next week and then next week and next week. So I can just do like start then. And I think what I'll do is I'll just get rid of this setter today and then get a new setter from my DMs just so that there's someone like fresh in the account that has motivation for like a week or two and then get rid of them and swap them in with the paid setter.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't even do that. Well, it depends. Like if you're going to get your payment starting from tomorrow, like I would just get the paid setter in there straight away because you won't have to pay for the end of the week.
xavier kelly: Yeah, sweet.
Kyle Musca: So, and it will take, it won't take that long, but like if you reach out to her on May today, for example, the setter probably won't start until Monday.
xavier kelly: Okay, cool. Yeah, that's a perfect amount of time as well because I land Bali on Saturday night and then I'll be just, yeah. Filming videos and, oh no, on Sunday I'll be trying to buy a  tropping board and  so I can film videos and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would do that. And then see how Clemé goes. I think she might have increased her rates. If she has, we can just source her own one that's not that big a deal. Do you still have her number?
xavier kelly: From when you DM'd it to me? Not sure if you DM'd it to me.
Kyle Musca: So see what she says price-wise and then just let me know. And if not, we can source her own ones. I would add a simple tag, even just for now, of fat loss kaboog, eat loss, go, just to make it easier.
xavier kelly: I think it's the opposite.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I'm concerned about here as well is, like, the click-through rates are just very, very low. I don't really understand because it's like, what the  would you click on? Unless it's just going to their inbox a lot and they're not seeing it. Like, for example, actually, back on that. Let's tag them right now. I mean, that was, yeah, obviously you're doing this, but that's still nearly three hours waiting. We got here. should probably change that tag, actually. Yeah, I still getting, oh, should click that, that kind of makes sense. Yeah, yeah, so a lot of, I mean, it'd be interesting to see how many people cloud, yeah, so a lot of people do re-clicking, which is the problem. Hmm, if want to say both, we'd be able to tell today. Is this, okay. So I would never ask, like, do you feel like you're prepared to invest in your health if they haven't confirmed?
xavier kelly: You said a job. Yeah, but I said it's all, I told him you've got to do, because in the script it has it the wrong way around. It says, ask them what their job is then, coaching interest. So I do a coaching interest then ask for their job.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but he didn't ask for the coaching interest.
xavier kelly: Exactly. So that's what I told him he needs to do.
Kyle Musca: He needs to say first, like, hi, are you actually potentially looking for getting a coach? Yeah.
xavier kelly: So you ask them, like, financial qualifier, like, what do you do for work? Okay, cool. Next question. And then you go, oh, so are you, like, potentially looking for a coach? Yes. Okay, okay, cool. Well, you know, with that said, given your current work situation, like, are you able to afford XYZ? Only if they're under 21 or they're from, like, some random country.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So that's exactly what, it is meant to be. But yeah, as you can see, what he's done here is he just sort of went straight in for that, which is like they haven't actually said. I know it's very much implied. But they haven't actively said they're looking for a coach. Yeah. like, I guess the person seems to look a little bit weird, but 8th of April, it's so annoying how they say that, and then they say I'm  full-time student, son. Yeah, so we went off script there, which when someone's being real short and blunt with you, you kind of want to just get through it. I mean, you don't want to, again, he's just added another level of friction in there. Not a great sign that they're only giving one word responses, but still, yeah. What I would do is get a reliable setter in there. So for stuff like this, is this the guy, did you have a call with this guy?
xavier kelly: No, he'll be laid off.
Kyle Musca: What I would do for stuff like this is I wouldn't just leave it like that because it, you know, probably won't show.
xavier kelly: Just keep following up until he sees it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you don't want obviously be annoying at this point, but you might want to do a little touch point. Hey bro, just check in, do you have a chance to add it to your calendar?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So where are these people coming from?
xavier kelly: This chick, I don't know. That country. That's like an old video. Well, not that old.
Kyle Musca: Oh, so ready. She came from the ready. Yeah. So, mean, like from the looks of it, you did actually get a decent amount of people from that story, man.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I would just do more of them. So I wish it showed you the actual  story that we... What was start? Was that an old CTA?
xavier kelly: I think I've got it as start on the reels as a comment and then ready on the stories for DM.
Kyle Musca: Why is it that? How do I apply for coaching? Okay. I wouldn't go in for this. This is like a stage three follow-up. Yeah. So just be cautious of that. It's like if you're saying they're not interested in coaching just because they haven't applied once, it's like a bit too much.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also on the Sunday, Saturday, 4th, 5th. Yeah. So again, there's just, I'd say what killed this was just the speed to lead.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: 31st of March, you weren't able to get back to the second. And then the third follow-up, which is good, she replied really well based off that. And then another day went by before the DM said it replied. She replied back quite quickly. Very quickly, actually. Two hours.
xavier kelly: It's a good country.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, two hours response rate, and then Seda wasn't able to get back to, oh, that's not too bad. And then, yeah, I would just say Speed. I mean, it's not completely dead. I would follow up with her again.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But Speed definitely killed that one.
xavier kelly: Yeah. I mean, we just got a lead go through there, Jon Inslee.
Kyle Musca: Like, just mess it through.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Stay on it now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so again, stage three lead here. I'll be careful about that. Oh, pizza. So something like this, like I'd read the conversation because she's in my follow-ups. I'd be using everything she said here. Tried everything, never lasts long enough because I get too busy and it gets hard to stick to. I also need accountability. Give my weight every week. gives me a way to keep going. So it's like, hey, Lisa, I haven't heard back. I know you said you've tried everything, but it doesn't really last very long because you get too busy. So is that what's happening here? I know you mentioned you wanted the accountability. So, you know, let me know if this is something you're serious about, something like that, you know what mean? Again, like this is you doing the work. So I don't even understand what the set is doing. If this was a Friday and you didn't reply back to all, yes. Like, where's the setup being?
xavier kelly: I think sometimes on the many chat, like, when you're on it, and it will, like, you press, like, read, unread, and then, like, sometimes, like, a conversation will just slip through, and it won't pop up even though they've responded. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It wasn't the best that she says she's not working. I'm just trying to see, like, where they're actually coming from. So this is elite, but a lot of them seem to... can have
xavier kelly: Yeah. My story views have gone up. So they're like hitting that 15 to 20K story now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. In that case, I would just pump your stories. Yeah. I would just pump your stories if you're getting that much engagement. And like it's, you need to take advantage of things when things are going well. You know what I mean? Like if you're getting really high engagement, then like make the ask. Um, and again, I think that's coming down to an execution thing on one, getting the diversity of the content that we spoke about, because again, the more of this value driven content that you have, or they're going to see you as an authority. So when you do put more stuff on your stories and you actually make the ask, they're going to be like, oh yeah, like I've seen this. To the point where I know he's, you know, all about nutrition and coaching and stuff like that. Then, so I think it's a two-part thing of the lesser side of things, which is the content and the execution, everything I just said that. I think that's the lesser component to the larger component, which is still the DM setting issue and letting too many people slip through the cracks and the reply times just not being where they need to really be to maximize conversion rates, if that makes sense.
xavier kelly: Right. I agree. There's, um, just a few small tweaks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, you know, sometimes it's not, um, you know, yeah. Like, cause, cause right now that's that bottom line.
xavier kelly: is this?
Kyle Musca: You know, other things, if we can't get this, like this sorted and then we just open up the floodgates and you can just take calls.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I think, I think for you, right. Now, I think it's probably like as long as you've got the funds for it, it's probably well, well worth getting a setter in there for a set time so that we're not experiencing these, you know, massive delays and responses.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah, I think I do. I think I've got like a good 4 to 5k a week coming from the solar job, which is cash flow that I can put into a setter, etc.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And, you know, the setter, again, any expense you outlay with the business, the goal should be to, you know, multiply that in return. So it's like if you're spending $200, $300, $400 a week on setters, let's say, all they need to do is consistently book you one reliable lead that actually closes and they pay for themselves. And right now what we're seeing is we're seeing, you know, every single time I go through these conversations, we're seeing people that are slipping through the cracks.
xavier kelly: Because the setting process isn't dialed. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, it's just a matter of like...
xavier kelly: You want me to message her? I mean, this is Xavier. I'm in Kyle Muscles' mentorship. And I'm looking to get a full-time setter for Oz time zone. I just messaged her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If she can't do $6, $6 USD an hour and $25 per close USD, let me know. We'll source one on Upwork that can.
xavier kelly: Okay, cool. Upwork.
Kyle Musca: If you need to, I'll suss them and get them trained up and everything. Okay.
xavier kelly: Yeah, sorry, you go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because like, you know, it's very, just for your sake, it's very, very important to be aware of considering the expenses that go into something, but also the lost in, like lost revenue from not having that expense of that. It's like, again, yes, considering outlaying $200, $300, $400 a week, but the saving is because you're not letting, you know, multiple lead, like good quality leads go tenfolds that.
xavier kelly: Yeah. No, you're absolutely right, man. You're absolutely right. I just need to  get this last bit in, dial in the leads, get them booked in my account so that I can  focus. So I've said it as, for this week, I've I've got two or three cooking videos. I'm going to try and just go on the low end. So two cooking videos, two coaching videos, one reel, a carousel, and then at least five stories a day, which is about my food or just about anything that's fitness related. And then using buzzwords like whole foods, high protein, you know, this is satiating.
Kyle Musca: Yes. Yeah. Micronutrients, that stuff.
xavier kelly: Micronutrients, intense. And then, yeah, I think it's been good to be on top of the leads. I think the only thing about the future I'm like confused about is the best way to like manage the leads as they get more and more and more. Do you think the way that I've got it here is right with like stage three? So you just go, okay, who are my stage threes? Cool. Respond to them. Follow up. I know what stage three follow ups all are.
Kyle Musca: So you can just copy paste. Yes. Yes, like there should be what you're doing here in terms of the tag and stuff is great. But again, even like this is where I said it should come into play because the responses should be a more sort of dynamic, which is, again, very difficult to do when it's you doing it. So even like, you know, food, I restrict and try to lose weight faster. I know that isn't correct. I'm working on this currently with my therapist and I've struggled with eating correctly the last five to six years. You know, that's very common. You're certainly not alone experiencing that, but can be so achievable with the right support. That isn't bad by any means, but it's like, you know, again, just off the top of my head. Okay, wow. sounds like, you know, you've been struggling with this for quite a while and it's awesome to see you've already, you know, taken that step to try and get some outside help to really solve this because it's definitely achievable with the right support. Again, that's just off the top of my head, but actually like intertwining what they said, similar on a sales call, know, just in a way, just repeating back to them what they said so they feel actually understood.
xavier kelly: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: But then it's also, in terms of the content side of things as well, I think it's also really important to have that more sort of educational style one because when we do step into the ads, again, people will come onto your organic social media and start really going through. And it's like, if all you have is this stuff, which again is great for views, but as we've seen, not great for conversions, that will likely go into the ads as well. But if you've got a good, these types of videos, they're going to very quickly. Please. See that you are an actual coach that does produce actual educational stuff. So if I was in your position, I would just be so head-focused on pump, like over-producing. You know what I mean? Like for you even, like I would probably, if I was in your shoes, I would probably be posting at least once a week, once a day per week, seven times a week.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, just because like the only thing that's stopping us from now is just volume. Yeah. When you make the ask, you get, you know, 200 sticker taps. That's huge. That's, it's insane. It's a lot of people that have, you know, said they're potentially interested in coaching.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
xavier kelly: know if it was.
Kyle Musca: And then like the volumes there, it's just the, the actual care, like, like someone actually caring about them. Going through that process, and again, you know, the setting process, as you as the business owner, was so time-consuming and so  tedious to do it properly, that it's like, it's one of the, if not the first hire I think you should get rid of.
xavier kelly: With Torrin's account, because I'm obviously in a very similar position to him and the type of people that follow, like there's a lot of crossover. What were some of the missing pieces for him and do you feel like I should kind of go more in the direction where I really dial in as much coaching content as possible, just asking questions?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good question to ask. Well, he probably had the same issue as you, but he literally just outworked it in terms of volume, you know what mean? Like he was getting, you know, thousands and thousands of comments on every single reel to the point where, you know, conversion rates were really low. Like it is on yours, but because there was a setter in there, you know, actually conversating with them properly, the conversion ratio was higher and he was able to really, you know, profit from that. But I think even in the same sense, Torrin would really benefit if he could do content like this really, really well and be seen as that sort of authority. Because, again, I know we've brought him up here, but like, and the reason I bring him up here is because he is very similar to what you and Torrin do.
xavier kelly: Yeah. He's got the perfect combination.
Kyle Musca: He's got the perfect combination of everything you're looking for. You know, you can see he's even started to get into. This is when I chug all six of these protein shakes in under one hour. This is a new addition to my series where I review viral health and fitness content and let you know with their advice. Fox or socks. Now I know what you're thinking. See, even that, you know what I mean? And this is a reality. Action style reel. Look at that. Yeah, Matt's got 108 million followers. He only got 743 likes of that. That's okay. It's still, I've just come onto his page and seen that.
xavier kelly: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And this isn't a bad idea because he's now shifting the messaging to talk about, you know, coaching content. you can see 31,000. It did really  well. And it's the same, it's the same basic as, it's the same concept as it's just a reaction style video.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you come onto mine, man, like they're all reaction style videos, but I just talk . You know what mean? Like I'm, I'm very lazy with how I do mine. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Even for mine, like I, I'm stopping filming. You can even start to say, I'm stopping to do sort of funnier ones, even like this, that does go really viral to talk more about, you know. Transformations and, you know, more, I guess, value-driven educational. I use educational very scarce because I don't like to over-educate by any means. But I want to be as the guy that talks about, you know, this one was about, like, , you know, fathers and stuff like that. And I said, first thing, I don't know if you saw it, but I said, first line, I've coached over a thousand different men. You know what I mean? Like, I'm constantly trying to put that messaging in there that I'm a coach. know, I'm not trying to  necessarily just go super, super viral for the sake of it.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah. I think I've been caught up in that trap trying to, like, chase views because I just thought I could, like, out. The way I could win, the way I would get lead is by getting more views, more followers. But there are just so many people that get  all views and obviously do really, really well. So, maybe the food reaction and then on top of that, I've got video reaction. Because I have done some video reactions, like, down on my page lower. Just need to perfect the way I react, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And when you do them, when you find the type of video, you know, just press, again, three little dots and just press interested when you want to do more of it. If you consume protein, creatine, omega-3s, or magnesium, these are the best times to consume each one. I'll review viral health and fitness content just like this and let you know where they're advised. You should take protein after your workouts to improve muscle recovery and growth. You can consume creatine at any time of the day, but it is important to consume it every day from Monday to Monday, even if you're not training, as it works by accumulation. You should take omega-3s with food, as this supplement is fat-soluble and is better absorbed when accompanied by healthy fats. And you should take magnesium about an hour before going to sleep to lower cortisol levels and help you sleep more deeply. These are essential supplements that you... You can't do without on a daily basis. If you want to know more about supplementation and nutrition, give me a follow. What the hell? This advice 100% , and I cannot disagree. I take these supplements daily myself, but there's one thing that I want to highlight, which he mentions in the caption, but I know not many of you guys read the caption. None of those things that you just saw in that video will replace training or a calorie deficit, and they're not the answer to a- You know what mean? He's not even reacting to recipes anymore. mean, he's starting to very much do that. The other thing I want you to focus on, the only thing I saw there was a very simple little change, was this one, he just reacted to the video. It still did really well. This one, he reacted to the video, but he said, I've just started my new series where I react to educational video or whatever. Whatever he said. But it's a series, and more people want to follow along, right? So I think that would... Be very sort of beneficial for you to even dabble in as well if you can find the right content for it because these are very  easy to make. That's why I do them. You know what mean? Like I've got a stockpile of too many videos. I need to post more because, you know, once I'm in the mood and the rhythm for actually filming them, it takes me like  less than five to ten minutes to make one.
xavier kelly: Yeah. What do you do? It's just on CapCut and then just do a cutout?
Kyle Musca: I do it on edits for my – but I do the green screen. Like if you want to do more professional like his, just do them exactly how you do your food review ones.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah, I think I'll do that. Food review, react to content, and then just try to keep it nutritional-based and then always go back to my buzzwords. Everybody talks about  de-bloat, de-gut.
Kyle Musca: I would be careful of the gut stuff because Brie tried them as ads and that just brought motherfucking most annoying people.
xavier kelly: No, I mean, like, that's what I say. Everybody talks about that. That's the issue, right? Yeah, You need to be, just bring it back to the basics. Find nice food swaps. Don't have to be perfect. Like realistic dieting for real people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I've said a few times in this call, but I think the biggest thing for you right now, man, is just execution and just understanding. You're just going to have to pull yourself through this next little gap. And then if we, you know, the sooner we get on that horse, the sooner we get through it, which means the sooner you can start buying back your time once the machine's rolling.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, again, partly content, very much to do with setting. So, I would very much get a, either chat to Clemé. Essentially, I want someone in that setting process, in that setting position by Monday for you.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Done.
xavier kelly: Perfect, bro. Done.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
xavier kelly: do have to write. Can you send me this link? This chat, the call link? Yeah, definitely. Thank you. All right. You're very cool. Thank you, man. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 158/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-09T07:15:35Z | id:136528480
People: Kyle Musca

asha: I feel like I'm getting so busy. meeting is being recorded. So busy, but  where are my sales? I'm getting  annoyed. But I got one today, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sometimes it's – I mean, obviously, we're going to close every sale, but sometimes it's just good to get the reps in.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, I find that's the biggest thing with sales is, like, just the confidence of being able to do them. So I think you've got that call with Bree, and then I think you've also lined up with Tommy.
asha: Which is fantastic. So plenty of sales training coming there. Should I do a call with Tommy next week so I don't have – or do you think – like, should I just do – because they're both tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, , is that like? No, I mean – Whatever. It's up to you, but, like, the more the merrier. You know what I mean? The more we can get on, the better at this point. Yeah. You know, we're probably – I'm going to focus heavily on sales today as well. Is there anything specifically you want to cover?
asha: Not that I can think of. I'm, like, literally brain-dead having a coffee at 4.30 to get me through for another two hours.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Okay, perfect. So last time you mentioned to me you've got 12 calls booked for this week, yeah?
asha: I think so.
Kyle Musca: Did I send that to you today? I think it was maybe yesterday.
asha: Yeah, 12 calls have been booked in today. I've had five. I then had another two today. I don't know if I included that. I feel like I've had more than five. Maybe I didn't calculate that correctly. But I have had a lot of no-shows and I have had a couple reschedules.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so a lot of no-shows. How many have no-showed?
asha: No-shows. So one was cancelled, so she never showed, so there were two no-shows, one cancelled, she didn't reschedule. What is this? Abby also didn't show, so that's three no-shows. Obviously, I haven't done this  list. I know that would save my life right now. Five no-shows.
Kyle Musca: Okay, wow.
asha: A lot of no-shows. And they're, a lot, sorry, a lot of the girls that I speak to when I drop on the call, I'm like, oh, did you get a chance to watch the pre-call video? They're like, no, I didn't get it. When I know they've got it because it gets sent out, I just don't know if they're not reading it.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so a couple of things here. Are you, how are these girls booking in?
asha: it through Instagram messages now? This is still through the booking link.
Kyle Musca: Okay, and you're reaching out manually in booking?
asha: A lot of these girls are just booking in now, which is great, where before I was having to call and then get the calls booked in. But around 24 hours or at least 12 hours before the call, I will send all of them a text message as well. Be like, hey, babe, can't wait to talk to you. Like, here's my number. If you have any issues, I'll hear back from one out of 10 people or they like the message or something. And I think I said this to you last week as well. I literally messaged a girl. She saw the message, like had her red receipts on, and then she ghosted me.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So how many coaching applications have you got over the last week?
asha: Sorry, let me just sit down. Actually, have a couple I need to get to today. I have had a good chance. Sorry, I'm just hoping this on every visit. Sorry, some websites aren't saving my password, so I have to  do this all. Are you a person where you have one password for everything?
Kyle Musca: Depends on how important of a site it is.
asha: See, I don't  remember anything when it comes to passwords, so I have to have this file with all my different passwords, all my different emails. All my different usernames.
Kyle Musca: Google Okay, nearly there. Sorry.
asha: Hey?
Kyle Musca: Your Google Chrome should save them, shouldn't it?
asha: Yeah, but because, true, it should be having all of these in here. It's not, though, especially not my job form. It's not even saving the details. Sorry, this internet here is so slow. Oh, my God, I might. no. Okay, so this week, I've had so many this week. I've had, like, 30.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
asha: And I have had, obviously, a lot of calls booked in, which is great. I have had a lot of people from overseas as well, like I'm talking.
Kyle Musca: Do you feel that, just on that as well, before I forget, do you feel like the self-bookings have definitely improved since you opened up your calendar?
asha: Yeah, 100%. And I've also. I obviously fixed the issue. I don't know if I told you my booking times was locked to Brisbane, so there was a lot of confusion when it came to their call, and like a lot of girls over in like the US, they'd be like, oh, it says tomorrow, like their time. So now I fixed that, but I'd say in the past two, three weeks, the self-bookings have gone up so much, but then it's still that no-show rate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the biggest thing is, and you're absolutely sure the automations are sending out, the SMS and emails?
asha: Yeah, so what did I click on the other day?
Kyle Musca: Okay.
asha: there's, I don't know if it was Calendly or Google Calendar, but if I click on the person's name, it says like what automations have been sent and what automations are going to be sent.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so what I reckon we do here is because, Ian, we're just slowly taking off parts of the funnel, all right? We figured out how. So you get more leads through the funnel. Now we're getting more bookings through the funnel, which is fantastic. But now the biggest problem here is the show up, right? And then closing on those calls. So the sales training side of things, Bree and Tommy, and I do want to get into this depending on how much time we have. I reckon what we do here is the issue with changing them to a DM side of things is you're going to have to manage them very in-depthly unless we get a setter in there. But what I think we probably do here is, let me show my screen.
asha: I feel like at the moment with like taking calls, also client calls, everything I need to do with coaching, I will fail that miserably. Like I already know. I feel like I already need to get a setter in DMs if I was to then go and do that many chat automation. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, this is absolutely fine because... Um, what was I saying there? A few things. If you, like, setters are pretty, as long as you're getting calls booked, setters are, and you know, they're good quality calls and we're closing on them, setters are worth their weight in gold. You know what mean? It's just making sure you have the cash flow there for them. Why is my internet not working?
asha: I'm glad it's not just me.
Kyle Musca: Oh, it came up as well, just as So, name, email, phone number, country, if outside Australia. Okay, can you send me a kindly, the booking link that he, actually, never mind, stood here. Do, do, do, do, do. Cool. I would add phone to this.
asha: Hey.
Kyle Musca: I would add, like, phone number to this, right?
asha: I think it's meant to, but I don't know if I could.
Kyle Musca: Let me go to Calendly. Yeah, we'll definitely have an option to add phone there. We won't stress about that right now. I'll show you. This is more important right now. So what I think we do is let's direct them through ManyChat.
asha: So should I trial my new call to action tonight, the ManyChat DM?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, DM me, and then change this to DM me, CBA, and on your... On your CTAs, just do, instead of, um, bio, apply for coaching. Yeah. DM me CBA to apply for coaching.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. So basically anything can change. Now what we're going to do, are all your girls coming to you for weight loss? Okay. So what I would do here is I'm going to play around with this shortly.
asha: Oh yeah. Sorry. We're meant to remove one. Hey, muscle gain.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Are all yours Australian? Are you getting a lot of Americans as well?
asha: A lot of Americans, but I'm not really able to get in touch with them. They don't join calls. I feel like there are so many people who I, like, I've got over 300 inquiries that have come through. We've touched like 30 of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what, yeah. So the contact issue is the biggest problem, which is why I'm chatting.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we're going to do 25 to 45, I'll be, yes, 25.
asha: Does that matter with what we've set up here with like the muscle gain with Jess or are we just going to do Lorraine and whoever else is there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so come in and change that. So you're, again, I'm not going to play around with this too much right now, but just come in and change these accordingly, if that makes sense.
asha: So if I delete something, do I just have to delete it?
Kyle Musca: Could you just delete the muscle gain one for me or am I just, why can't see this? What do you mean?
asha: I can't really see. So what have you changed there?
Kyle Musca: So I just changed, you have to look on my screen because it won't update on yours just yet. Yeah. I changed the goal to 0 to 10 kilos. So you have to come in and reword this, but like instead of saying, if you could only choose one for now, I'd be like, how much weight are you looking to lose?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And so come in and reword it accordingly. I'm just going to change the bare bones right now just so we have, what I would do is there, train this, change this as well. Nutrition training. Nutrition training just because structure slash consistency, oh, you prick, structure slash, why don't I give you enough words, fuckers? Structure, what I use for someone else? I've done this for someone else. Structure, what else is it? Oh,  frick. And I just could very quickly run and give it to this guy. We can go over there.
asha: okay.
Kyle Musca: It's going to very quickly run and give it cash because it's fine, but I'll be back in a little bit of a second.
asha: You're so fine.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. Back to structure slash.
asha: Sorry.
Kyle Musca: Maybe direction.
asha: Structure, accountability.
Kyle Musca: I thought you couldn't change that. But again, come in here, reword it accordingly. The main thing I'm trying to do here.
asha: Should I just go for the call to action tonight? I'm literally going to be on calls till like 6.30. Could I just use my normal DM prayer? Or do you want me to do this? I'm just, like, quite stressed. And even thinking of doing this, I'm low-key about to have a  meltdown.
Kyle Musca: We can quickly do this. Once I do this, the rest will be changed. Easy to change. Let's say, let's duplicate this just so we have a base one. I'll have a look through this properly. Back to you. In the meantime, what do you say on this? It kind of just directs it straight to us. Please book. Are you happy with that wording?
asha: I Can you see my screenshot? I can see. It's just like really small. Can you scroll up? Thanks. In the meantime, please book your free concert call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. Now what we're going to do here is... There should be a link option, which is not giving us, which is f**king annoying. Ah, that's why we've opened a website. And what we do is, um, delay, we're gonna go 60 seconds, yeah, 60 seconds, not so annoying, it's not even funny.
asha: What's annoying?
Kyle Musca: Ah, can, whenever you try and copy, I think it's like a copy of the whole thing.
asha: Yeah, I have noticed that from when I previously did them. So one of this.
Kyle Musca: That's not a drift one. Yeah. Do you feel like your girls would get weirded out by giving their weight?
asha: May not, but I guess I do ask them on the call anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we'll just update it.
asha: Should I maybe say, what is your goal weight?
Kyle Musca: No, because that comes into our first conversation piece. I mean, we could try and go straight into the, we could try and go straight into asking for the goal weight, but. I reckon let's just keep it simple and leave it at that for now.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so what we need to do here is go away, mate.
asha: Do you want me to do another photo there? Yeah, you can. This is all weight loss, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Maybe do structure slash scheduling. Does that make sense?
asha: Programming? Scheduling, yeah.
Kyle Musca: We'll just keep it out. It doesn't really matter, to be honest. I'm going to change this to... So that should be good for the most part. The main things that will change maybe is this, but these don't really matter. Yeah, cool. Yeah, so CBA is the current CTA. So I would just use that. Again, CBA is the Should I do CBA or should I do like coach? Easier the better.
asha: So I would just do CBA.
Kyle Musca: Just remember, if you are going to do another CTA on your story, different word, whatever, you just need to make sure to come and update this. Otherwise, the automation won't fire.
asha: Yeah. And is there anything in there that you need me to change?
Kyle Musca: Do you need me to go in and change any of the photos or? That's probably the only thing to change is just changing photos to suit.
asha: Yeah. Like to match how much is on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
asha: this one's up. So this is who I help gain.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this one will be who I help lose like five kilos or something. Yeah. Yeah. So that's the only thing you'll need to change is that part. Everything else is fine. Now, the reason I want to do this is because it's going to keep the conversations in the DM. So. So. will be easier for you to contact them. Now, what I would like you to focus on now is the day before the call, instead of saying, can you confirm that you're still good for the call? So you have the DM script, hey?
asha: Yeah. I don't say, are you all good? I just say, can't wait to chat. Let me know if you have any issues with the link.
Kyle Musca: So what I want to change that to is what I would like you to change.
asha: Wait, I don't know if I have that DM script.
Kyle Musca: I've got, um. No, I've updated this.
asha: So. Oh, have you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I can do, let me. Let I'll send this to you just for you to review and adjust, and I'll run you through what the difference is here. So everything else is the same. The only thing that changes is after the post-booking flow. So one is, should I just got confirmation email like normal? That's similar, same. Biggest thing that changes is the show-up confirmation. So just on that, I don't usually do reschedules, as I've found the girls that get the best results are the ones that have the self-accountability show up on time. You do seem like that type of girl, but before we go any further, Just want to make sure, confirm, are you 100% we have to make that time? So this basically sets the standard that there's, and I've removed any language of rescheduling and stuff like that. All right. So just assuming that the standard is to show up on time for that call. So instead of saying, if you have, if anything pops up or if you have any issues, I've removed that.
asha: So it says, if you have any issues jumping on, feel free to shoot me a message. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then we also don't send the link here because you should be sending out a morning off message, which has the link. So there's no point in adding that extra friction. So the call will be on Google Meet. Just make sure you've got the app downloaded. All right. Then before wrapping it up, really the most of this call, just want you to have a think about where you're at, why you want to change, what that's going to do for you. And please make sure to watch this video beforehand as it explains what we're going to, explains exactly what you need to do for the call or some  like that.
asha: All right. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, now what I would, if you had the chance of videos that sent through, I, I, change that to, so for your specific circumstance, um, you know, hey, Rachel, just looking at my calendar tomorrow and can't confirm we're good for 4pm. I'm just reviewing the conversation now to make sure I'm fully prepped. Is there anything specific that you want to cover? Right. What want to do here is one, add value to it. Like, you know, you're, you're, you're reviewing the conversation, make sure you're prepped. And is there anything specific you want to cover? Like, I want to make sure you get the most out of the call. Is there anything specific that you want to cover? They'll say yes, no. Again, we're just trying to get a reply out of them. Right. And then once they reply, just be like, okay, awesome. Um, and have you had a chance to, and then you ask this, have you had a chance to check that video I sent above?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then you'll go in the morning of, and you'll send the voice note. Hey, Rachel, you know, thanks for getting back to me. KankFem, I'm fully prepped for our call at 4 p.m. Essentially, you know, essentially what we're going to cover is ABC. Make sure you bring a pen and paper. If you haven't yet, please make sure you watch that video. It's very important to make sure, whatever, give it whatever reason you need. Look forward to chatting to you this afternoon.
asha: Yeah. Make sense? Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Any questions?
asha: No. No questions. I'll go. I've just opened up ManyChat, ManyChat, ManyChat, whatever the  it is.
Kyle Musca: Now, to find the emails as well, like a little trick, because Instagram. It's  hard to find people on. So might as well cover this while I've got them for call. You just use their emails. So, oh, well, actually, it depends if they give you their email because if they already book a call, they won't have the email in there. So that is something. we need to ask for an email? Yeah. So once you get to the booking call, if they haven't self-booked, then, yeah, you need to ask for the email, which is basically, I want to pull it up here. Let's see this one. All right. You come into Messages. You search email. All right. And then you just have to refresh the page.
asha: So, wait, why is that email in there? Because they've written it in here with MoneyShot.
Kyle Musca: Is that correct? Yeah. So if you search the name and stuff, it just doesn't pop up. It's annoying. It's annoying. It's So, But because I've booked in his call manually, so we always go and send a link if we're in conversation, all right, because we'll experience drop-off rate. So you just talk about what time sits best, ask for their email, and then that's what that's picking up.
asha: Okay. And with this new process, is this, yeah, so this is getting them to book through the Calendly link, isn't it? And then I'm contacting them if they don't go through the Calendly link?
Kyle Musca: I would still contact them either way.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I would still conversate with them and be warm for the call because the reason we're having a lot of no-show right now is there's just not much personalization in it.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So they need to chat to you and see that you're a real person beyond just what you post on Instagram.
asha: So I do even message a couple of the girls who have booked calls and don't get anything back from them. And that's even with text messages. So hopefully Instagram will be different.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I just don't think girls check their texts very often.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's why I want to move it native to Instagram. So it's a lot easier to outreach and contact these girls. Yeah. Because, you know, best case they self-book in the call fantastic as normal. Worst case, you're able to outreach and actually speak to these girls directly on something that they're actually using to message people on.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
asha: Yeah. Perfect. Tell me, what's the breakdown of getting a set up? Because I'm already stressed even thinking about having to ...
Kyle Musca: It's pretty easy. Like in terms of actually getting a set up in there, it's just depending on who we go through. I think Clemé has increased her rates, but I can source, depending, we'll try her first if you want to. She just manages them all for you. She sources them. She finds them, makes it streamlined on our side of things. If not, I can go, if it's too expensive, I can go source a setter for just between six to seven USD an hour, and then I'll just train them up so they're good to go.
asha: Yeah. I already feel like I'm, like, dropping the ball with getting back to everyone and, like, the follow-ups and everything. So it's just, like, stressful.
Kyle Musca: If speed to lead, I was literally having this chat just before with someone. If the setting process, like, is not super dialed and it's, you know, because, again, the setting process is, like, the first thing I would recommend delegating because it's really  tedious and time-consuming. mean, it just depends on the cash flow because it's, like, if you can afford to have one and you've got the lead flow, then I think it's definitely worth It's doing because, yes, you look at the overhead and the expense of what it takes to get a setter on, but if you're letting, you know, good quality leads and potential clients slip through the cracks, then you're losing a lot more in lost income and revenue because of that, if that makes sense.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So. Well, I feel like all my leads at the moment, like, I don't know, are they good? Are they not? Like. I mean, you're getting plenty of them. Again, right now, what we're just trying to do is like, yeah, uncongest the funnel. Which is like what we've been doing and every, you know, every time we implement something, it seems to have improved and we're getting them further along. We're getting more calls booked now, which is great, but there's definitely still room left on the table. So right now, the biggest issue I see with you is just not being able to contact these girls because girls just don't  check their phone and don't check their texts and everything like that. So we just want to make it a really easy place for you to outreach these girls when you do need to chat to them.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So biggest things for you, I think, is remove this form and just do DME-CBA. So basically, that's what that will be. DME-CBA to apply for coaching.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then get rid of the form completely, yeah. Yeah. And then remove that form. And then the other thing is on the booking side of things, just make sure to add the phone number as well into the Calendly form.
asha: Yeah. How? Let go to the meeting. Scheduling. Edit. Can I just share my screen quickly?
Kyle Musca: Mm-hmm.
asha: Just so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
asha: Oh, I just got out of mini-chat then.
Kyle Musca: Wait. Yeah, go for it. Yeah.
asha: How do I share my screen? Yeah. Huh? Where's the share button?
Kyle Musca: Oh, it's that little green arrow on Zoom.
asha: Oh my god, it literally says share.
Kyle Musca: Huh.
asha: Google Chrome would like to record, yeah. Saying I have to quit and reopen? What the 's going on? Okay, that's on. Let's see if this will work. Cancel. Oh, what am I doing? Entire screen. What the  is going on? This is  me off. Let's just do this.
Kyle Musca: There you go.
asha: Can you see that? Is that just the whole screen?
Kyle Musca: That's just the can only thing by the looks of it.
asha: Okay, I couldn't do anything else. So, more options?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, let me grab my arrow.
asha: Booking page options.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then scroll down. Oh, invited form. That would be it. Yeah. Add new question. Oh, go here.
asha: Where? Oh, you got an arrow. So, it doesn't have...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you got an add new question here.
asha: Oh, what is your... I'll just write my robot number.
Kyle Musca: It should have this as an autofill thing.
asha: Do you have one?
Kyle Musca: No, I don't use Calendly, but...
asha: What are you... What you use?
Kyle Musca: I use GoHighLevel.
asha: Is that better?
Kyle Musca: I like it a lot better, especially once you start building things out. It's $97 USD a month, so it just depends on whether or not you want to spend that.
asha: Mobile number, do I do like an area code or something?
Kyle Musca: Because you know how that was the issue. Yeah, yeah, mobile number.
asha: Is it area code? Is that the right word?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, country code, area code, yeah.
asha: Country code.
Kyle Musca: Just scroll up a little bit. Wait, that's meant to be 45.
asha: Sorry, what did you want me to go to?
Kyle Musca: Go back to that invitee form, because I very much doubt. And then you can't, you can't, like when you click on that drop down at the top there, name an email.
asha: That's all there is.
Kyle Musca: Can't scroll. That's silly. That's stupid.
asha: It's really stupid, hey?
Kyle Musca: Let me, let me, let me.
asha: Allow invitees to add guests. Turn that off. don't want that. Were you doing something or did you want me to do something?
Kyle Musca: I'm just looking. Okay. I'm just looking at if you'd have added.
asha: I'm just going to go into ManyChat.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So they'll probably have to input it, but that's fine. Like, that's just a bonus, to be honest.
asha: Oh, wait, where is it? So save that?
Kyle Musca: You might want to do in the country code thing, maybe in brackets, be like eg plus six one, just so, you know, she doesn't understand. Or like do maybe comma plus 6-1.
asha: Is what you mean?
Kyle Musca: No, like EG plus 6-1 or plus 1.
asha: Wait, did you say add a comma?
Kyle Musca: So remove the comma and then after 6-1, just be like or plus 1, which is American.
asha: Oh, right. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then save changes. Perfect. Okay, cool. So, yeah, that's pretty much up and running. I'm keen to see how that goes. And then, yeah, ideally, because this is the last little like thing we need to tweak.
asha: If we can fix this, the volume of calls should be great. Yeah. Now, one more thing I'm just looking at. Hang on, let me. Is, just so I have an idea of what you're hoping to achieve, what is your goal at the moment?
Kyle Musca: Should I, what is your weight loss goal? Yeah, yeah, anything like that you want to tweak or anything, as long as it's the same direction.
asha: Why can't I, oh, what is your weight loss goal at the moment?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
asha: And then this one, so I want to change her. I don't have all my  on my laptop now. So where's Sabrina?
Kyle Musca: I mean, you could even like. For the time's sake, if you're going to have to, like, delay to get the photos up, you might want to just change the wording and be like, this is Jess, who I helped lose four kilos, just, you know, whatever, and completely change it.
asha: I've got it in here. Like, I've got them on my phone. Oh, here. So when I, this is the thing, when my laptop got , I, um, hello?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
asha: Do have to delete it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so press that little, oh, yeah. Press the, yeah, the, no, no, no, oh, yeah, delete that one, and then see how, go the photo. What? See how does this X?
asha: Oh, yeah, cool. I think that's good. And then maybe we need to move, because one's what, 10 kilos, 15 kilos. This is just, it's only just those photos I have to change, hey?
Kyle Musca: And the wording, because like the top one says you helped her gain 4 kilos. But that's the only thing.
asha: Yeah. A lot of the girls that come to me don't have that much weight to lose. Should I do 5 to 10, 10 to 15, 15 to 20? I think to make it a little bit more realistic, or does it not matter?
Kyle Musca: It doesn't really matter. Cause like if they only need to lose five kilos, then they'll just click zero to 10.
asha: Yeah. Okay, cool. I will do that now then. And then I will pop that call to action up and I'll do that this evening.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Keep me very updated on how you go lead flow wise. Cause if you're getting a lot of leads and it's like, it does make sense for us to get a setup.
asha: Yeah. I think we need to just due to, I don't want to fail at this. And I feel like I'm already failing with keeping on top of what I'm doing and I don't want to  it up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Well, do you, do you want me to, I can chat to Clemé if you want about getting a setter in there?
asha: Yeah. Maybe that would be a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. In the meantime, yeah, I would still launch this and we'll just see what the lead flow. Volume is like if we get much better because we can still see if we're getting much better responses out of it and we're getting, you know, if it's easy to contact them and everything like that.
asha: Yeah, because at least, yeah, we have their Instagram and obviously they're in their, what do you call it, , I can't even think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, this should just be like.
asha: You know what I'm trying to say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, contact them.
asha: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. Okay, I will, nah, my brain can't handle anything today.
asha: Okay. I actually can't. I haven't felt like this in so long.
Kyle Musca: I feel like I'm going to  cry. It's like we're, again, we're getting, like, the good news is we are moving ourselves away, like, along the funnel and we're just, like, we're right at the end. So, if we can just, like, make these tweaks and open up the floodgates, then we are off to the races.
asha: And I think I need to open up those floodgates. I need to have someone there. Okay. Okay. I already don't touch my  DMs and Instagram for a couple of days, hey, and knowing that there'd be all this more pressure and demand to have me in there sorting it all out, I'd just be like, whoa, and I just don't want to ruin it. So I'd rather have someone in there to help with that process.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll reach out to Clemé right now and see what the prices are that she can do. And then if not, I'll source her Upwork VA and train them and stuff, and they should do a really good job of it either way.
asha: Okay, amazing. Thank you so much. I'll go in and finish this.
Kyle Musca: Okay, awesome. Let me know if you have any issues.
asha: Okay, thank you, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. All right, enjoy the rest of your day, and I'll chat to you soon.
asha: You too, bye.
Kyle Musca: See you, bye.


>>> 159/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-10T04:01:49Z | id:136892813
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Hey, how going?
Imogen Harris: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: How's things? How are you feeling?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, it's good. I feel like it's just been a  week, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: That's okay.
Imogen Harris: How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. This week's actually flying by.
Imogen Harris: heaps of  going on, which is good. Oh, yeah, that's good. Very good.
Kyle Musca: Let me log into JotForm. I feel like we already know what we're going to cover for the most part of the day. Is there anything specific that you want to run over besides the shop, right?
Imogen Harris: Nah, nah. think that's probably the main thing. I know, yeah, as I said, I know it's probably, by the sounds of something that's happening a lot, but obviously there's things that I can implement on my end to make sure that we reduce it, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, a lot of this comes down to just picking it all apart, so that's what we're going to do. We'll dive in. We'll quickly go through the JotForm. Did you fill that one out?
Imogen Harris: I did, if I can.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay. So four calls taken, 11 booked, one upfront nutrition, one weekly nutrition, apparently, Sage. Yeah. So reschedules and stuff, no shows. I mean, we're past Easter and stuff like that. So realistically, I think that's just a set-up problem and that's what we need to really pick apart. So this is something I really have heavily focused on over the last, probably last week or so.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And changing the script a little bit, quite a decent amount.
Imogen Harris: So we'll pull that up. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, you've got the automations and the text.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. So in terms of the Calendly, because obviously I've been booking, I haven't been using Calendly for myself booking, if I'm booking them. Obviously, she is as well, but I need to refine the back end of Calendly, which obviously said grow high levels, probably the better way to Go, which I think is probably going to be better long term. So I need to have a look at that, think, moving forward.
Kyle Musca: Just because it's a bit of a  head case with it sometimes. Yeah, so Calendly, I mean, it's just, GoHallover is just a good all-in-one system. I think you've proven that you can get the lead flow and everything like that. And I always encourage people to move over there eventually. It's not overly complicated. It looks really complicated and confusing setting it up. But realistically, the only things you're really going to need it for is obviously the calendar to book people in. It makes it a lot easier when you have like setters and stuff like that, especially closers and stuff. Because like, you can see I've got, you know, my US calls here from one of my closers and my Australian calls here. And that's not even like a packed out week, like that's next week. So, you know, it's just easier to sort of manage. Also having the setters in here, you know, they can be like, cool. You know, I can do tomorrow at 4 p.m.
Imogen Harris: Great, book that in. And it's just a really nice stream. So I feel like the setterers and I have had to be quite back and forth about like making sure that the times are good on my end as well. So I feel like having this, it just means like I can block things that I know that like I can't do so then she can just see it all and it's just going to make it so much easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So one, you can connect your calendar here so you can see everything else, but you can also set like booking time so they can't book.
Imogen Harris: So for example, Tommy, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Tommy, Australian Eastern Standard Time and Star Time. So you'll see, so that's not working properly. What am I trying to show here? So that's because it's like stuck on that. But realistically, usually what will happen here is if he goes Monday and then... That's right. There we go. Yeah, so Tommy. And then, yeah, you'll see what we should do is I don't obviously book these people in. Oh, it's because it's on custom. That would definitely be why. So let's say it's like, you know, one, this is the only times where he can actually book out calls, right?
Imogen Harris: Cool.
Kyle Musca: So I should definitely have a chat to him about that real quick, actually, because he's blocked that out because he's on the thing. It was his birthday this week.
Imogen Harris: I'm thinking like five different ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good.
Imogen Harris: I love that. Yeah, I feel like the last two weeks I've spoken to a few people. I feel like everything's just happening at once, which is a good and bad thing. Yeah, I've got him at five today, I believe. So that should be helpful.
Kyle Musca: All right, back to it. So, yeah. So, for example, let's say it's just Tuesday and then you can see. The only one he has available right now is 6.30, right? Because I assume that the other times have been booked. But if we come into, let's say, the 23rd, you can see he'll take calls from...
Imogen Harris: Okay, cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, that's not even... Oh, that's ours.
Imogen Harris: So again, it's just ...
Kyle Musca: But yeah, so 3 p.m. to 6 p.m.
Imogen Harris: is when he takes calls.
Kyle Musca: So they can only book in there. Yeah. Wasn't the best explanation.
Imogen Harris: I get what you're trying to say, so that's fine.
Kyle Musca: But the other thing is, the other thing you'll need is automation. So when you actually, like, it's very, it's a lot easier to actually sort of set up and like clearly see.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because for example, this automation is, you can see like the emails and stuff when they go out, what's included of them, and you can just see it all in one place.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. We just get someone to set that up.
Imogen Harris: it's not like... I was going to say, is there someone I can pay to do that?
Kyle Musca: So I don't have to... Yeah.
Imogen Harris: It's not like 20 bucks or something.
Kyle Musca: They don't charge. The other cool thing that you will need is the conversation. So again, this is really helpful when you have setters in there because if many chats  up or whatever, they can come in and use this. And you can connect Australian or you can get any numbers, but I've got an Australian and a US number. So if they come from the US, I can text them straight through go high level on this or the closers can, the setters can. This is also where the automations come from. Obviously, if they're Australian, you can text them through that one. So you can also connect Instagram and everything like that as well. So you can do SMS, WhatsApps, emails, and Instagram when it's an Instagram message, which I'm not going to find right now because there's a , there's too many of these.
Imogen Harris: What's going on there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So maybe like Nicholas. Maybe he's self-booked. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah. Just a simple overview. Everything else is pretty much irrelevant. You don't really like, we can't do more with it if we want. Let's set the  up, but just keep it nice and simple.
Imogen Harris: I feel like it's probably more overwhelming because I don't want to set the automations up.
Kyle Musca: So if someone I can pay to do it, it's probably going to be a little bit more convincing to get over. Yeah. Yeah. I've got someone that can set that up fairly easily for you.
Imogen Harris: So that's fine. Yeah. All right. Well, I'll get on top of that and get that sorted this week or today.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Now, the main things I changed with the script, right, is the post-booking flow. Everything above is the same. The confirmation email is still the same, right? That hasn't changed. Yeah. It's more so from the shop. So instead of kind of saying, like, we're going to put so much time and effort into it, I kind of sat down and sort of, like, looked at that and I was like, well, you know, we've only really spoken about their goal and their struggle, like, how much time and effort can you really put into it?
Imogen Harris: Kind of can come across as, like, in a way, like, lying a little bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, that is not the right one I'm looking at.
Imogen Harris: You're like reading it going, hold on a second. I thought you closed for a second.
Kyle Musca: awfully close to the old one. I'm just going to use this one. This is my actual one. So, save book with closer. right, done. Cool. But yeah, so it changes. I should have kept the other one on. But beautiful, bro. And just on that, we don't usually do reschedules. We found the girls that get the best results are the ones that have the self-accountability show up on time. So, we can get it sorted properly. So, we label them. You do seem like that type of girl. So, what we do there, it's a...
Imogen Harris: They want it to.
Kyle Musca: If you read the book, Influence, it's about, or Pre-Suasion, one of them. It's both by the same author. It's about them remaining congruent with how they're seen. You know what I mean? Like, you seem like that type of girl to show up, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, that's why I've added that in there. Before we go any further, though, I just want to confirm, will you 100% be able to make that time? No, it's a good thing to still commit and confirm that they will do that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I changed is in this message on the old one, it says, if something pops up, I've removed that because we want to remove any terminology that allows for that. We just want to set the standard as this is just what it is. It's expected for you to show up on time. So I've changed it to if you have any issues jumping on, which was already a part of it, feel free to shoot me a message here.
Imogen Harris: I'm more than happy to lend a hand. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Saying it's on Google Meet as usual, but I've taken away the link because there's no, like, we don't want information overload because we've got the link in the automation set up. And we're also going to send them the link on the, like, the morning off message, if that makes sense.
Imogen Harris: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, there's no point in sending heaps and heaps and just overwhelming them and making it seem too salesy, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense? Just want to make sure we can dive in. Awesome chatting to you, Sarah, super keen to see what we've come up with. Also giving them something to think about. To get the most out of this call, have a think about where you're at, where you want to be, like, oh, sorry, why you want to make that change and what the change is actually going to do for you. Yeah. So just trying to get them to think a little bit deeper. Send the videos and then chat soon, Sarah. Right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, you'll obviously only have one video there. Yeah. Now, the other thing I changed is in the night before one. Before, it was, like, can you confirm on your side as well?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I remove that because I just want to, like, re-engage conversation.
Imogen Harris: I just want to get an answer out of them, essentially.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, hey, just look through my calendar for tomorrow. Can't confirm we're good for 4 p.m. So we are just keeping it top of mind for them instead of saying, like, you know, it's a reminder or anything, like, or can you confirm? It's just saying, you know, the time, so it's top of mind for them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just wanted to check, have you had a chance to – now, what I would do is change this for you because you're the one. So – Yeah. You're the one that's actually going to be taking the call. So what I would do here is I would change this part to something like, I'm just reviewing our conversation, super keen to have a chat, just so I can make the call as valuable as possible for you.
Imogen Harris: Is there anything specific you want to cover? Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So again, what we're trying to do here is we're trying to show the value that they're going to get from just showing up to the call, essentially.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. And then once they reply, that's when I would say, awesome. And have you had a chance to check the video I sent above?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So just adding that like little extra step, because if they watch this video, then one, they're to be quite bought in, but they're also very likely to show up to the call.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, what I would potentially do here is if you're going to do this, I would remove. So again, this is why I don't like counting. Yeah. Because it's not as easy to see the workflows that are involved. But what I'll do here, so this is the generic booking, which is going to be more like your one, whereas this is the one I have for my closers. So that should be the same. So this, that should be the same. Now these are, so essentially what I'm trying to say here is the automations for you should be more so just reminders for them to get on the call because you're adding the personal touch with the night before message, what the set is up, but it's coming from you. And also the... The morning or voice message that you send them. You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like these just want to be kind of reminders more than anything. Yeah. Because if we're constantly asking for like confirmations through here and then we're asking confirmations on Instagram as well, it can just be a little bit annoying. You know what I Yeah. Okay. So and adding that nice personalization is better than just an automated reminder.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: So is this what you all want? Is this like, please make sure you check out this video?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. So I would probably keep that there.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. I'll download and I'll get this go high level sorted tonight. So then we can try and get that rolling and try and just leave Calendly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And then what I would probably do is I'd probably remove the morning of SMS because you're sending a personalized voice message. So there's no point in having Having an SMS go out at the same time and then just leave the two hours and the 10 minutes one.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: What I would say, so this is my updated one. So one is on the 10 minutes one, just saying jump on a couple minutes early so we can dive straight in. Text me if you have any issues jumping on.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then that one's the same. But you can see I've removed the morning of one.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll kind of map out, I'll write stuff for like the 10 and 2 and stuff like that. So then I've got the information there. So then if someone's creating the automations for it, then I can kind of say the language that I want and stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. What I'll do here as well is let me actually find the template. one. Now, the other thing I want to do is just pick apart how these conversations are going down.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, definitely think, yeah, my biggest downfall right now is some of the calls that I am doing. I'm just not confident enough to, like, I guess, rebut more to then get them to sell on the call. That's my biggest downfall, I feel, right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: So what, in terms of, like, give me a scenario that's come up? I just, I'm getting the, like, I'll talk to my partner or, like, I want to start in a couple of weeks. Like, I've got this on or this on, and then I'm kind of just, like, more understanding that I'm, like, questioning that, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, I mean, give me one that you've actually done. Like, give me, give me one, give me a real scenario that happened.
Imogen Harris: Before I even had a call with that Laura girl, and she was, like. yeah, yeah, yeah, cool. Like, that sounds all really good. And, like, she was really happy with everything. And then she's like, I've just got to talk to my partner tonight. And then I can let you know. And I was just like, yeah, okay, babe. Like, that's, like, that's all good. Just making sure, like, obviously I've only got one spot left for Monday. Like, I just want to make sure that that spot doesn't get taken up between now and then.
Kyle Musca: And she's like, yeah, no, I'll know before, like, 6 p.m. tonight. And then I was just, yeah. So I was just kind of like, oh, , okay. Okay, so do you have this sheet?
Imogen Harris: I do not. I have any objection to cheats, and that's the bit that I'm not good at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that thing is, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I need, yeah, this one.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, keep in mind with this, this will cover, you know, that scenario specifically.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But the issue with, like, objection handling cheat sheets is the objection handle will change a million different ways depending on what they say.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, 100%. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. All right. So this is a good framework to follow, but obviously don't say that if it doesn't make sense. Yeah. So I need to speak to my partner. Now, the first thing you need to do is you need to basically agree with them, right? Because if you instantly go into objection handling, their guard is going to go straight up because they're expecting you to either just let them get off the phone or more likely you try and sell them into it, right?
Imogen Harris: If you do that, their guard will, they'll get extremely defensive.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah, no, that's not stressful. I completely understand that. I guess, like, how long do you sort of feel like you'd need to actually have a chat with your partner, right? So actually just indulge in the conversation with them and act like you're, you know, going along with it, right? Yeah. Now, you can throw this in there depending, make sure you don't ask this in a snarky or, you know, bad way, but like try and make it like a little bit jokingly. Like, yeah, I could, I would know by like 6pm tomorrow. Are you sure? Like, is that enough time? Like, you don't need like a couple more days, like maybe a week or something?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Just like, just kind of lightheartedly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just like planting the seed, depending on, you know, if you want to ask, it's not super important, but like, yeah. And then it's like, okay, so now we need to like re-loop back into it, right? Okay. No, that's no stress at all. I'm like, sure, you know, when you chat with your partner, you'll probably have some questions for me afterwards. I guess just so I can prepare, like, what specifically did you want to run through with your partner?
Imogen Harris: Right. Because the issue that you're facing right now is I need to speak to my partner. It's not a real objection because you can't overcome it because you don't, like, the real objection is what are you speaking to your partner about? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. You know, they'll say, it usually does come down to finances, like, whatever. Right? Okay. So just so we're on the same page, it sounds like you want to check it with a partner and just make sure it makes sense financially. So I guess, is that the only thing that's, you know, really like stopping you from getting started today? So we're isolating the objection. The reason we do this is because you don't want to like solve one objection, right? Only for them to pull out another one once you solve that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: If we isolate the objection and they confirm that's the only thing stopping them from it, if we solve this objection, then we're good to go forward.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So let's say they probably said just make sure it fits financially. Okay. Yeah, I guess I'm like price aside. you like actually want to do the program?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So the reason right now is what they're thinking is they're logistically thinking about price alone. And that's why when they get off the phone, they'll start justifying why they shouldn't do it, right? So yeah, price aside, do you actually want to do the program? Yeah. Okay. And again, just so I'm on the same page, we're going to scale up one to 10, the 10 being, you know, the program is perfect and, you know, I couldn't add anything to it. And one being I've completely missed the mark. I'm just a dickhead who's wasting your time. Like where are we sitting? You know, make a joke out of it.
Imogen Harris: Like being, I'll your eyes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Amen. They'll say seven, eight, or nine. Okay. Seven's pretty high. Like, why is it lower? Lower.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The reason we do lower is because they're going to come back and start telling you all the things that's great about the program. Oh, I love the structure and the accountability. seem like you really care and the girls get such great results.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They're talking about, they're telling you the value and they're telling themselves the value.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I guess, okay, awesome. And I guess, like, what would we, what would you like to see in it to make it a 10? They'll either say nothing. They might say something you can add, which you just have, like, yeah, no stress, that's included in the program. It's just, there's so much, it's, like, hard to say at all. Or they'll say, like, price or something, right?
Imogen Harris: It doesn't matter.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So, from the sounds of things, it's like, you do actually want to do the program. And the only thing stopping you is just making sure it works financially, if I'm hearing you correct. Yeah. Okay. Well, that makes sense. Look, what I can do is I can work with a billing company, right? Kind of like Afterpay. So, instead of. Covering, you know, two and a half grand or three grand, whatever, today, we could just bring it right down to, you know, $1,500. And then the payments wouldn't start till, you know, basically five weeks from now because we didn't officially start till Monday. So that would just be $400 a month from that point. Makes it super easy on cash flow. Does it make it a little bit more reasonable for you to get started?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, again, this is a bit of nuance because we're going down the financial objection pathway right now. Now, the issue with this specifically with, I need to ask my partner, is they can always fall back onto that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what you kind of got to do in that situation is determine whether it isn't like purely financial or if it's fear-based. Yeah. Right. So I guess you could definitely come to this part here.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. So one, you should always get to this part irrespectively because you shouldn't be breaking it down until you get to this part.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. Right. You never just drop prices. You never just break it down without reason because we want to work towards a solution.
Imogen Harris: Right. Right. Because that's how we get them across the line. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this is going to establish essentially what path we go down. Right. Okay. Well, you know, yes, but I'd still have to check with my partner. Okay. Yeah. No, I completely understand that. And like, at the end of the day, it is a big decision. I know, you know, if I made a big decision without running through my partner, I'd be on the dog, in the dog bed or whatever the .
Imogen Harris: Right. Just agree with, relate to him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I assume you're probably not someone who's going to go ask your partner if you can invest in yourself, but, you know, it is what it is. I guess just so I'm on the same page with you, like, if you want to do the program, I'd love to sort of help you do it. If not, that's life sometimes. Right. So always just give them an out by saying that, you know, if we can't do it, that's fine.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just so I'm on the same page. Is it a matter of like, you actually do have the funds available and you just need to make sure it fits within everything else, like bills and stuff? Or is it more of like, you just visit you don't have those funds.
Imogen Harris: And it's a matter of like, how can you actually sort of find them? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, because realistically, if they tell us that they have the funds and it's just a thing to make it work financially, then it's like, okay, we know that we can get a close here and now.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If they don't have the funds, it's a matter of like just logistically breaking it down.
Imogen Harris: Like, okay, what are you spending money on each week? Yeah, okay. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Because I guarantee most people are spending a lot of money on   they don't need.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. Cool. Well, if it's just a cash flow problem, which I completely understand, instead of doing, you know, $1,500 now, what we could do is, yeah, instead of doing $1,500, what we could do is bring that right down to just, okay, so you'd actually save $500 to get started, which would obviously give you that breathing room with all the bills and everything like that. And then it would just be $500 a month from that point, again, in five weeks' time.
Imogen Harris: So, it's super easy on cash flow. Is that going to be a bit more reasonable for you? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, NC, we've kind of checkmate them there, because if they just said they
Imogen Harris: have the funds, financial, like physical funds.
Kyle Musca: And it's just a matter of like having breathing room with bills where we've just saved you $500.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They didn't save $500, but that's how we were.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah. I think I'm just, I'm not thinking of a more of like a, I need to get out of, I'm not, I'm trying to make a sale, not like I'm trying to help them all the time, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like it's a fine line, objection handling and coaching.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because in a way you are coaching them, but they haven't yet given you the authority to do that. it's a high pressure situation. So, you have to approach it from a different angle. But realistically, these people are coming to you because they struggle with accountability. They struggle with making the right decisions that they know they should make. So, it's your job to sort of coach them and break their beliefs into actually committing with it. And the way you do that is just by asking them questions and moving them through an objection cycling thing. Yeah. Right? Now, if it is, let's say you do this and they're like, oh, I still need to ask with my partner. It's a fear-based thing, right? We know that it's a fear-based thing.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What you can do that is, again, the partner objection is kind of, it is the hardest one, in my opinion, because they can always relate back to it and they can always give themselves an out. So we kind of have to move them through. We have to do two things. So one, we have to break their belief and make them realize that it's their life and they're the ones in control of it. And they're the ones that need to make the decision for their life. And in the same matter, almost try and not pin their partner as the bad guy, but pin it as such as like, you know, your partner is probably not going to see the worthy investment because they're not struggling with the same pains as you're struggling with. They don't know how that's making you feel. And essentially, if you give away that control to them in six months time, when you haven't made a change and you're feeling even worse. Worse than you're feeling right now. Who do you think you're going to blame for that?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So again, you don't just get to that point there, but like you do eventually get to that point. So it's like, I still need to ask my partner and be like, so a really good one to do there is like, if they still say I need to ask my partner, be like, okay, yeah, completely understand. I guess like, well, I guess like if you did go and ask your partner and they just turned around and said, no, you're not doing it. What would you do then? You know what mean? Some like about a third of the time, they'd be like, oh, I just have to figure a way to do it anyway. And then you're just like, okay, well, I mean, would you rather, I guess if that's the case and you're going to figure a way to do it anyway, would you rather just sort of get started? Yeah, get started. So that way, when you do go have a conversation with them, it's a place of, I'm so excited. I've just invested in my health for all these great reasons. Or would you rather go have the conversation where you're essentially just asking for permission for them? And if they say no, you're just going to do it anyway.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm definitely not asking. Asking enough questions to dive deeper into why they don't sign up then and there. I think, yeah, I think I've just kind of not scared off, but I'm just kind of like, , I don't want to like pressure them. But at the same time, that's kind of how I'm going to get the sale at the end of the day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, again, with the pressure situation, you've always just given out. And you always just kind of keep re-asking, like, I just want to make sure, you actually want to do the program? Because if you don't, we can just wrap this call up right now.
Imogen Harris: That's absolutely fine. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What that does is it just gives an out, because then you can say whatever the  you want. You know what mean? Like, they've just confirmed that they want to do the program, and you're just trying to help them do it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So every new objection cycle, like, as you'll see here, objection cycle, essentially, I always just start with giving them an out.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, let's say, now, really important with this as well, when you go, they say, I need to go ask my partner, and what happens if they said no? They'll say, like, oh, I just have to figure a way. To get it done or figure a way how to, you know, do this, like not the program, but like do the, like make, get the results. Very importantly, you don't just take that at a vague level response. A lot of people would just move on there, but you can't move on from that because it's not a specific response and it's not a real response. I mean, like if they've struggled with their way for two years and they're just like, oh, I'm just going to figure it out. It's like, how are you going to figure it out?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. So you've got to ask literally out, like, oh, yeah, how are going to do that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I don't know. I'll just figure it out. No, well, it's really important that we do understand, like you have a plan in place. If we're going to wrap this call up, I guess, like how are you actually going to figure that out realistically? Or I don't know.
Imogen Harris: Well, yeah, I mean, like, do you see the problem there?
Kyle Musca: Because like you're saying that you're just going to figure it out, but you don't actually know how you're going to figure it out. Do you see how that possibly would get you in the cycle of just going in circles and not actually achieving any kind of real results?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, I get you. Okay. So I guess, and then again, usually from here, I'll move into an analogy one.
Imogen Harris: So you can still use the analogy part here.
Kyle Musca: Like, do you mind if I, do you mind if I like sort of challenge you on that for a second? Yeah. Okay. So I guess, have you ever heard the analogy, heavy is the head that wears the crown? No. So essentially, it's basically talking about like kings and queens, right? And how it's, you know, perceived to be a blessing that obviously you get born into a life of privilege, which it absolutely is. But a lot of people fail to consideration the responsibilities and the burdens that come from those responsibilities from actually having to make the decisions that influence the kingdom, right? Now, realistically, you are the leader of your own life, right? And the decisions you make in that process will determine which directions you go in and the, I guess, the prosperity of that life. So I guess, let me ask you this, like, So... So... If you're the leader of your life, and right now you're experiencing the pains you're experiencing with, you know, not being confident, being 20 kilos of weight, that's making you feel really insecure about your own body. Do you feel like you're going to be the leader of your own life and make the decisions that are going to directly impact that life? Or do you feel like you're going to pass off that responsibility to someone else who doesn't understand what it's like living with those pains to make that decision for you and therefore basically direct the direction of your life? Well, I guess I should make the decision. And well, I guess let me ask you as well, like if you do sort of pass off that responsibility of making that decision, you know, in six months time, when things likely haven't changed, probably even got worse, and you're feeling even worse than you're feeling right now, who do you think you're going to blame in that situation? Sometimes they'll say to me, like, do you think it'll be you? Or do you feel like it'll be the person that made the decision to say that you can't do something you want to do? Oh yeah, I guess so. So I guess like, you know, and I hope you, I don't mean to overstep you or anything like that, but like, I guess, what decision are you going to make so that you actually are in control of, of where your life actually heads?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, we're trying to like, now is the, again, you can word it differently, word it in your own words, but see how we're trying to shift it into, if you give your partner the responsibility of making this decision and he makes the wrong one, you know what mean? Like, who do you think you're going to blame?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, I definitely, I need to, cause like, I know I'm so good at selling my like package and everything like that, but the rebut or like the head, like, I think it's been the partner and it's like, well, I'm going away in two weeks or I've got a, like, I'm moving house or in two, three weeks. And then it's just kind of like, okay, so you, you, you've gotten on a call, but, and you wanting to do it, but you wanting to do it when it kind of suits you. And I just can't. Seem to rebut that bit with the kind of wanting to do it in like two or three weeks situation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So one is for that, I'll come back to this in a second. For that, that's why I always ask before I drop the price, you know, when are you hoping to get started? Because if they say now, then it's like, cool. You already acknowledged the only thing that influences that is price. If they say they're moving or something, so they're not going to want to do it, you know, after two weeks or whatever, just be like, no, that's no stress. Look, that actually works out quite well, because what I'll do is I'll go have a look at everything we've spoken about and build a package based off that. And then once you're settled into your new home, we can jump on a call, rehash things and go from there.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you don't drop price if they're not ready to sign.
Imogen Harris: My biggest  up then. I will not do that moving forward.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because like, again, you can't overcome that. If you do save price and then they whip out, you know, I'm moving, so I want to do this after. But like, yeah, look, no stress at all. You know, at the moment, I do have one spot left available. So in that case, what we can do. Is we can just lay a deposit down, let's say maybe $500, whatever you want to say in that situation. Maybe even K, whatever you want to put out there, right? That's going to secure your spot. It also means that I'll actually get to work on your program and everything like that for you. I'll be able to get it done well before then. So I'll give you access to it. So essentially, you'll get those weeks for free. And then that way, once you are settled in, we can just dive straight in. Yeah. So you're just going to assume the close. Because then they'll say like, oh, you know, they'll rebuttal. Like, oh, yeah, no, I just want to need to make sure I save the money for the move and everything like that. But I completely understand that. Do you mind if I challenge you on that perspective? Yeah. I guess, you know, the move's happening and obviously there's expenses involved in that move. But like, I guess, what's the real difference between you investing into it now versus you investing after the move?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just being too nice.
Kyle Musca: I'm not, like, I'm just allowing it and I'm not raising more questions to make them think about why I put it off or why I wait with it. Yeah, Brie, this is why I think it would be good for you to jump on a call with Brie because she's really, really good at objection handling girls into it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because she's, like, very, she's very ruthless. She just won't.
Imogen Harris: No, I think people are, like, hearing how a female does it might kind of make me feel like I can resonate with the tone that she uses or, like, the type of word that she uses as well a little bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. You've got a call booked in with her, right?
Imogen Harris: No, I haven't. I've got one with Tommy this afternoon at five.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, I did speak to Brie about jumping on a call with you as well. So I think that would be really good. And then I can definitely ask her about.
Imogen Harris: I'll reach out to her later and we can tee up her time, whatever she's happy to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then, yeah, so, again, a lot of the time it's just about continuously asking questions. And one thing I really, really like to keep. Keep in the back pocket is if they say they struggle with accountability or, yeah, realistically accountability, right, or motivation, one thing I'd just bring up in those situations is be like, well, you know, I know that you said you sort of struggle with, you know, keeping yourself accountable and I guess making the right decisions. Do you feel like right now you're sort of pushing this off to avoid that accountability and therefore, you know, potentially making the decision that you'll regret later?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The accountability one is a fantastic thing because if you challenge them on the accountability thing and they've said it, then it like instantly snaps them out of it because they're like, oh, , I can't really argue with that.
Imogen Harris: I'd say 95% of the calls, the way I'm kind of asking them, they end up saying they can't do it themselves, they can't, like it's accountability, like every time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just keep it in your back pocket because that's such a powerful piece of ammunition is just like, well, you said you struggle with accountability. you feel like that's what's happening right now? Oh, yeah, okay. So are going to change that?
Imogen Harris: I could probably have used that in nearly every conversation that I've had. So, yeah, I definitely need to use that moving forward.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Now, this part of the objection cycle four, I usually go into an identity shift. So, again, if it's I need to ask my partner, it's relatively similar, but you're just obviously changing it around the identity shift part. So it's like, do you mind if I put my coaching hand on for a second? And I just want to make sure, like, you know, before we even go any further, I just want to make sure, like, is the program something you actually want to do? Because if it's not, just tell me right now. Like, you know, at the end of the day, it's your life. If you don't want do it, that's absolutely fine. But if you do want to do it, I would like to see and help you. And after everything you've told me as a coach, I almost feel obligated to make sure you almost see this through. So just tell me right now, is the program something you actually want to do? Yeah. Okay. Would you mind if I put on my coaching hand for a second? Yeah. When it comes to situations like this, it kind of seems like, you know, you're almost holding yourself. Which is completely normal when you're faced with a big change. So what I like to do is this, like, I guess, think about the woman that you want to be in six months' time, right? She's lost 20 kilos. She's the leanest, strongest, most confident version of herself. And she's not just confident in how she looks. She's confident in her ability to follow through on the things that she said she knows will improve her life. When you think of that woman, I guess, you know, the woman that, sorry, the woman you want to become, what decisions do you feel like she would make right now? Do you think, or do you feel like she would sit on the sidelines, you know, keep arming and uhring and making, I hope you don't mind me saying, but making excuses as to why she can't start and do something that she knows that she wants to do? Or do you feel like she would commit and do everything in her power to make sure that the change actually happened so she could become that woman that she knows she's capable of becoming? What do you see? What decision? Do you feel like she would make right now?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I'm definitely not going into it as deep as what this is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, now the identity shift one is a really, really powerful one because it takes them out of their mindset and the decisions they'd make and puts them in the body and the mind of the person that they want to, like they envision themselves becoming. And that person of themselves doesn't struggle with accountability.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's a different decision-making process because it's not them.
Imogen Harris: And it's the person they envision themselves becoming. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then you can see heavy is the head, weight, the crown. So partner objection is still in here. All right, so that's definitely in there. Now, by this time, like you've probably been objection handling for 20, 30 minutes. Also on this as well, at the end of every objection cycle, you always need to make the re-ask. That is a super, super important part of But a lot of people miss, because if you don't make the re-ask, they're not going to be like, all right, cool, here's my credit card.
Imogen Harris: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you know, what decision do you feel like you need to make? Oh, you know, I need to do it. Okay. So I guess, do you want to do it then? Like you have to directly re-ask, you know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, by this time, I'm, yes, there is a part of the thing here. By this point, I'm like, you know, because if they get off the phone, like, again, they're not coming back, right? They're going to talk themselves out of it. I would rather come across as too pushy and in a way salesy than just let them get off the phone.
Imogen Harris: That's why I need to remove out of my head. I'm like, no, like, just don't feel like I'm, it's a bad thing that I'm trying to push it.
Kyle Musca: That's like the whole point of being on the  call. Well, mean, if they get angry at you and stuff like that, it's, it's more of a reflection of them because it's like. Um, realistically, and you just turn around and be like, look, you know, I do understand how you could see it as, you know, salesy and everything like that. The reality is, and this is basically what we're about to say here. The reality is like, you've told me X, Y, and Z. You've told me that you're really struggling with this. And I know that I'm capable of helping you. Uh, if you, if you think this is a salesy, I would argue that you're just not very coachable.
Imogen Harris: Hmm. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cause it's like, are you going to call me salesy if, you know, you do join the program and you haven't done any of your meal plans or your training sessions and I get, you know, up you for, for not actually committing to it? Is that salesy in your opinion? Or is that just a coach keeping you accountable?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Um, so by this point, I'm like, I'm not really prepared to go any further. You're kind of  me off. So it's just that you, and this is what the objection cycling does, right? You get more direct as you go through it. So at the start, I like to think of is you're just a friendly neighborhood Spider-Man. You're just there to try and help them.
Imogen Harris: You know, If they don't want to do it, it's their life. don't really give a  what you do.
Kyle Musca: If want to do it, cool. Here, it's just like, you know, literally, do you mind if I'm just completely up front? You know, just put all the cards on the table. Yeah. All right. Look, you've told me that you've been struggling for the last three years and you've been feeling insecure in your own body. You're stopping going out and doing experiences that you want to do because of that. And, you know, whatever the  they said. Now, you've told me that you've struggled with accountability and everything we've spoken about, you know that you need this change. And you feel confident that this program is what's going to allow you to actually make that change. Now, I know I can get you there. And I wouldn't say I want to work with you if I didn't genuinely know that. All right. At the end of the day, it is your life. But I almost feel obligated to make sure that you see this through because I know how much this change has meant it. I know how much change. Obviously, proofread this before we jump on. I know how much this change has meant to every other woman that's been through this program. So I guess I want to ask you, what decision do you need to make right now? know. So when you go to bed tonight, you know you've put yourself in the best possible position so that in six months' time you've lost that 20 kilos, you're feeling extremely confident in your own skin, you're wearing the things that you haven't worn in years, and you're walking into social events feeling incredible. Like you don't have to put all that together, obviously make it unique to what they said. What decision do need to make right now to make sure that that actually happens, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now obviously this is the sort of partner side of things, right? Can I put my coaching account on for a second? Like let's say you've gone through a couple of objection cycles, they're just like, I need to answer my partner. You know, I've done a hundred of these calls, and when girls tell me that they need to ask their partner or they need to think about it, my actual statistics, my real statistics for that, 98% of the time, once they get off the phone, we never speak again. And the reason for that is your brain is immediately going to go into self-defense mode. It will start generating all the reasons why now isn't the right time. Time, or you're too busy, something's got like come up or whatever it is, your brain's trying to protect you from change because staying comfortable is safe and familiar, even if you know that you don't want to be there, right? Here's the thing, the biggest cause of failure statistically is indecision, which is not making a decision and in itself is actually making a decision, right? So by pushing off the responsibility of not making the decision, you are inherently making a decision to do that. And that always leads to the same result, which is failure. Now, realistically, you don't need time to think about this, right? You need information. And I'm the only source of that right now. So I guess if there's something specific that you're unsure about, let's talk about it. But I don't want you to leave this call not making a decision because if you do that, like the decision is to accept that nothing is going to change and things are probably only going to get worse from here.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I really like that one. think that I would be so. So applicable to a lot of the conversations that I've had without it kind of coming across pushy, but just also like giving them the facts at the same time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, yeah. So one thing I would, I would do there is just, this is just an audience, have to do it now. Yeah. So, and you can see here through the different objection cycles, like one, two, three, four, and five, six, like, you know, passive, curious, collaborative, solution-focused, storytelling, light pressure, you know, coaching, empathetic, challenging, direct, urgent, confronting.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I like that.
Kyle Musca: So as you move forward, it's like you're getting more and more direct.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Yeah. And then from the sounds of things before, were, you are still using the limited spots type thing.
Imogen Harris: The what?
Kyle Musca: Sorry?
Imogen Harris: The limited spots type thing. Yeah, that's something that I'm using in every conversation and call. And like, to be honest, like some of it, that's all that's needed. But then when they kind of rebut that, then I'm not really kind of digging that little bit deeper. So that's definitely on me to fix.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, there are certain circumstances where maybe they do like actually need to ask their partner and check their finance, whatever, right? Or it's just like really hard to get them to budge on anything. The best way to figure out what is causing that, like if it's legitimate or not, it's just like, cool, we can lay a deposit of $500. And that way, you if you go check your finances and you say, look, it's just absolutely something that I can't do. What I'll do is I can just refund you. That's no stress at all. One, it just secures your spot. And it shows me that you're actually serious. So I can actually start to get to work on things for you. Yeah. Sounds fair. If they say no to that, then it's like, just go all in on the call. Because they're just like, if they're actually serious. about it and they need to check their numbers or ask their partner, there's no reason they wouldn't lay a refundable deposit.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Like they'll get a back or another.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like it just doesn't make sense. It's refundable.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's like, just go all in.
Imogen Harris: Okay. Yeah. It sounds like a plan. Yeah. It's definitely my biggest focus.
Kyle Musca: think moving forward is that. And also on that, if you get a call that's not qualified, get them through to this because you know that they're going to say no, which means that you can just objection handle like a . Yeah. Like just practice and do things that you wouldn't do on a normal call that's higher pressure. mean, say things that you wouldn't say, push harder, you know, not come across as salesy, but certainly don't be afraid to come across salesy if you say something, if you  up something, you know what I mean? Better  up on one of those calls than  up on a call that actually is potentially going to get across the line.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, cool. I might, even if I'm honest, get  Caitlin on the other end. Another call or something and just get her to  fire random  at me and just practice, if I'm honest.
Kyle Musca: I would. Yeah, the more role play you can do, the better.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, 100%. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of that stuff?
Imogen Harris: Nah, nah, that's good. Nah, that's good.
Kyle Musca: So Laura was one of the girls that got off?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that was the one that I had just before you. So yeah, she said she gets home at 4pm and she would talk to her partner and I was kind like, yep, okay, no worries. So yeah, yeah, definitely something that I need to work on.
Kyle Musca: Is it close? It's probably not tagged with book calls, is it? Nah, so what I would recommend doing is just letting a setter to know also to tag them, one, with call prompted. So when they offer the call, like they get to that part of the script of like, how about we jump on a call? That's tagging with call prompted.
Imogen Harris: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then once they actually book a call, tagging with call booked. And that way, you know, if we want to come and have a look at these, then we can just quickly easily.
Imogen Harris: you. Thank you. you. Yeah. Okay. So calls booked and then prompt call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So let me know who out of these guys have booked a call.
Imogen Harris: I don't, half of them, I wouldn't even know because the set has done a lot of them, but that Caitlin Barry girl. Oh my God. I mean, the setter were talking about how it was so, she refused to give her number and her email. And then she insisted that the call was over Instagram, which I was kind of like, you know what, fine, whatever. If that's what you want, that's all good. And then didn't obviously rock up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I don't do that. yeah. You got to set the standard stuff. Like if they don't want to give their phone, that's one thing, but like, I need to, I need to lock it in on my calendar.
Imogen Harris: need an email. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. was just like, even the setter, she was like, I don't know what the , like, she's just being very hard to talk. I was like, yeah. So look, I didn't really think that was going to go ahead anyway, to be honest. Um, and yeah. Because then, obviously, after the setter had forgotten, obviously, that we would say it was through Instagram. And then she's like, it's through Instagram, remember? And then, I don't know, after that, when I was like, I'm not going to see her at all. So, yeah, that was, I, yeah, I said to the setter, like, for this, I'd be like, she just said number, to be fair.
Kyle Musca: So, I don't know, unless she said email somewhere else, I would have just said, be like, okay, no stress. We can just do email so I can send you some details.
Imogen Harris: That was the first time that that happened, so I was just like, yeah, , okay. And then the, I'm to look at who's booked calls. Or that, the second last one above Hayley, I'm not going to try and pronounce her  name. She got on a call and then it It's like 10 minutes in. She's like, I have to go back now for my break. And I was like, okay. So, and then, yeah, didn't obviously hear back. So, yeah, because I ended up messaging her, like text messaging her on WhatsApp because she was a bit late to the call. And then she got on and then she had to get off quite quickly.
Kyle Musca: Just the one below that, not her. Oh, this girl.
Imogen Harris: Sorry. Yeah. So, yeah, she got on just after, yeah, 3.30, I think it was yesterday. And then it was like 3.40. She's I'm sorry, I'm going to have to go. And then I messaged her on WhatsApp and yeah. I didn't hear back. So, think it was just yesterday. was just like, it's not that I felt like a waste of time, but I was like, I had a no-show, then rescheduled, and like she  off after 10 minutes. And I was just like, 's sake.
Kyle Musca: Did we gauge what she's doing for work?
Imogen Harris: I have no idea. did not do this conversation at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, she skipped. The work question, which is in the end of the world. mean, it's like 3.30.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, it was that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I guess she did probably say afternoon.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then she went. But what I do in that as well, I think it's in here.
Imogen Harris: So I definitely think having the go high level as well would just make sure, like, those text reminders there, and probably just saying, like, making sure you're blocking out the time so there's no distractions or something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this part here, when we were talking about day and times, preferably outside of work or driving.
Imogen Harris: That's definitely in the script that I've given the setup, but I might just reiterate that just to make sure that they're booking out that time. Because I've had, like, an organic, she's come from a motherfucking client, but she's rescheduled twice, and then she's like. Oh, I can quickly call now. Like, I'm on the way to work now. I like, I'm not calling you. Why are you quickly on the way? Because you're not going to be listening.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Like, it's just, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if that's a problem, anything like that, you just need to feed back to the setter. Like, so for you, I would definitely keep a real close eye on these, just small sort of screenshot and send feedback to the setter.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Any of these other ones? This one, the Brittany shot?
Imogen Harris: I don't think that was a no-show. I think that was Tuesday. No, it wasn't Tuesday. It was Wednesday morning. Yeah, that was a no-show. Tried contacting her because she'd replied to me confirming through WhatsApp as well. And then I never heard back from her. So, which I probably should have followed up on Instagram as well.
Kyle Musca: So that's probably my fault. Yeah, I think she said that there. I would avoid using another platform to contact them before the call just because like some people might have WhatsApp and not have an education turned on. Girls specifically don't check text messages very often either as a whole.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. Just go straight through there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Was the call booked in at 6.30 a.m.?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Which, look, was a bit early, but I was ready and then not that she didn't show. So that's, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, and when did you send her the message to confirm?
Imogen Harris: That night prior, I believe. And then I sent one like 10 minutes prior. That's why. I think it's probably going to be easier, obviously, having go high-level to do automation, so I'm not  manually doing them as well. But, yeah, and then, yeah, I just never heard back. So, yeah, because I did one the night prior, and then, like, yeah, 10, 15 minutes prior, before, and then 10 minutes during when the call was actually meant to be.
Kyle Musca: Okay, and are you calling them if they don't get on the Zoom?
Imogen Harris: I, no, I'm not. I'm just on the Zoom.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just start  spam calling them.
Imogen Harris: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, like, especially if it's told you to get up at 6.30, 6.30, you get on a call, it's like, what are you doing?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I was a bit off of the, and I've got their number, right, so I can call them.
Kyle Musca: So, this was on this Tuesday, I think.
Imogen Harris: When was the call booked for? It was Wednesday morning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's tough. That's one. The thing that could have helped here, there's not anything really you could have done beyond this because of how early the call was booked. But just adding in there like that middle message of...
Imogen Harris: Yeah, it don't sound like that kind of girl, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: A little bit harder as well, but like if that was me actually doing it as well, I'd be like, it's usually a bit early, but if you can absolutely make 6.30. Or like even something like that, like it's a lot earlier than I usually take calls, which I'm happy to do, but obviously I don't want to, whatever, wake up that early if you just don't show up.
Imogen Harris: So I just want to confirm that you're absolutely going to do that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Too hard to tell the setter about that specifically, but...
Imogen Harris: Yeah, because I was like, there was a reschedule. I  rushed her home yesterday because I had a call at 1.30 and then like she rescheduled like within like, I think she was five minutes late to the call. And she's like, oh, so I'm going to have to do it tomorrow. And I was like, for 's sake. So, yeah, I think I'd need to really refine, which obviously the automations and being in them frequently as well through the go-high level, think will just make a massive difference as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's something I'd probably set up, I assume, like over the weekend, ideally. What I would also do here, this girl didn't show up?
Imogen Harris: No, she did. She's the one that's, she's ended up doing the weekly nutrition. Because, yeah, I did go rebut with her back and forth and she was like, just, I've got five kids, like, I feel like I can only afford weekly right now. So, I just broke down the package into weekly and then that was fine. I was just like, wow.
Kyle Musca: No boots.
Imogen Harris: That was a no-show.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so see the reason for that. She didn't really reply for it. Let's see when she booked. I can do today, 12.30. I appreciate that we could possibly do today. How did she book on the same day and not show up? That's  up.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that was the same day too.
Kyle Musca: So it would have been 9 a.m.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, because the original time that she wanted until that time, I couldn't do.
Kyle Musca: I would say what's very potentially even happened here is like, again, the setter should never, ever, ever do this. You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I've just locked that in. Yeah, I've just locked that in. Nah, but I've just locked that in, excited to chat to you. And then basically just wrap up the call. Or what could have happened is she could have just been expecting a phone call because she doesn't know it's a Google Meet. I would say that's probably very, very likely what's happened.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So the setter needs to, like, you need to have a chat with the setter. Like, every single step needs to be done after the post.
Imogen Harris: Cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like every single step.
Imogen Harris: You cannot skip a step. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Then what I would also start doing as well, for your sake, is getting the setter to have access to your call sheet, because you'll be marking them if they're a no-show, whatever. If they're a no-show, the setter needs to come in and re-engage the conversation. Like, hey, girl, I was waiting on the Google Meet call, but you never showed, is everything okay?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: And then try and get them re-booked in on a, like, re-booked. I'm usually not a fan of re-bookings, but, like, we don't want to be wasting leads here.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And we just need to make, if they do re-book it, we just need to make it very, very clear that, like, don't waste my time.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Are you going to show up to this call?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. I'll edit the new bit that you've kind of done in the script part that you've just sent me, and I'll put it into my script, and she's got it. So then I'll just reiterate to focus. On that last bit as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. One thing I want you to do as well as like straight after this, go take a screenshot of this chat and send it to your setter because this was the same issue we're kind of dealing with a few, like last time we went through the DMs is then not fully following the post-booking stuff. So this can't happen again, essentially, like from the setter's perspective.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Absolutely. Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Is there, do you want maybe look at your, we probably don't have a heap of time. yeah. Okay. So I think, I think the biggest thing is changing the script. Yeah, I think changing the script, make sure the set is doing every single part of the post-booking flow, and then getting GoHighLevel to set up the automations easier.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, absolutely. I'll get that paid for and sorted tonight, and then we can try and get some automations and  like that sorted ASAP.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. GoHighLevel can be a little bit annoying to add the Australian number, but I'm pretty sure my GoHighLevel guy will be able to help you sort that anyway, so it be fine.
Imogen Harris: Amazing. Yeah, all right, cool. That all sounds like a plan.
Kyle Musca: Thank you.
Imogen Harris: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: All right, keep me updated with how you go on that, and if you have any questions, especially with GoHighLevel, just let me know, because again, look over one week.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, cool. Easy. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: I'll talk to you soon. One thing, very quick, but GoHighLevel, they'll  start spamming you with, like, trainings, calls, and everything like that, so you might even want to, I mean, you might want to take them up on their offer, because, like, obviously, they must have a lot of people that do jump on. It gets really overwhelming, which is why they've got them. So it might not be a bad idea to sort of jump on with it.
Imogen Harris: so right before we started working together, I signed up to some course or something with Caitlin, and they were recommending go to high level, but then they wanted to, it just looked so overwhelming on the videos. I was like, oh, 's sake. But yeah, if there's someone that can kind of show it, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think they give you the option to like, yeah, on training, like a one-to-one training thing. I don't know what they do on it, but I think when I look at it, I think it was helpful.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Yeah, nah, worth a shot. Yeah, cool. Yeah, I'll do that tonight and then get that sorted ASAP.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Awesome. All right, well, good luck with that, and we'll chat to you very soon. All right, thank you. Bye. Yeah, bye.


>>> 160/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-10T05:10:47Z | id:136896676
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How got?
Michael Cui: Yo, good, bro.
Kyle Musca: You? Good, good. How's things?
Michael Cui: Yeah, not too bad. Not too bad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome, bro. What was it about? My  thing was just wigging out and refusing to load.
Michael Cui: Nah, it's all good.
Kyle Musca: Let me pull this up. How has this week been in general, man?
Michael Cui: Yeah, pretty good. I'd say, like, work and, like, productivity-wise, definitely better than last week. Still can be better, but definitely better than last week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Let me log into Jotform here. Beautiful. Okay, so you got a call booked for tomorrow, which is good. Where did, obviously organic, but was that run me through where they've come from and what's happening?
Michael Cui: That one was through the, just like my form in the bio. She is friends, I think, with someone that I coach at the moment. I had someone else go through that as well, but they just never responded to any like messages or anything.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Were they Australian?
Michael Cui: Yeah, like Australian number, rang, message, follow-up, everything, like no response from that.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What, how many follow-ups have you done on?
Michael Cui: Three, two, let me try to find it. Yeah. Yeah. Sent three messages. No response to anything. Called him twice on the day. No response there either.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Has he given you his Instagram? No, you don't have Instagram.
Michael Cui: Do you think you? Yeah. I took that out. So it's just, it's literally like, yeah, it's name and number now.
Kyle Musca: That's the whole form. Yeah. Okay. I mean, if he hasn't responded to you, call him and  text him and  like that. He's probably just a bit of a dud.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, it's unfortunate, but I guess it happens. One thing is, Ben, your feed is looking phenomenal in terms of, I think, you look like a coach when I come to this now, which is fantastic. It's exactly what we want. I guess two overall applications in the last seven days. Why do you feel like that has, like, that's increased?
Michael Cui: Like, why do you feel like that is? Because they both came on the day that I did my life. Plus CTA, like that one specifically.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I would do here, Matt, is I would start asking more CTAs, to be honest. Now, to do that, you've just got to post more on your stories. So, like, you know, two hard CTAs a week if, like, you're just not posting anything on your stories because otherwise, like, if you do anything more, it'll look salesy and stuff like that. But if you're putting other pieces of value up and you've actually got, like, a decent amount of stories, the CTA then, because of the total amount of quantity that you're actually putting up, is a lot less, if that makes sense. So, for example, let's say if you put one story a day and you make two asks, then, you know, what is it, 40% of your total stories for the week are you trying to sell. But if you put, let's say, five stories a day, and that's, you know, times by five, so let's say 25, but you only do, let's say, you asked. Every single day, then, you know, you're, I guess, masking it a lot more, if that makes sense. You're giving up. So the whole thing with marketing is like jab, jab, right hook, right? So value, value, ask, if that makes sense, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So someone who does this really well, and this is why I'm kind of shifting my sort of, like, now with this as well, you can make more ask. So I'm talking about direct hard CTAs, right? So you might even want to do it every second day, for example. Now, that's not stopping you from doing questionnaires on your polls. That's not stopping you from doing all the other soft CTAs, right? So someone that does this really well is this girl. Now, I love using her as a reference because every single time I do it, I don't know, I never check her stories, but every time I use it as a reference, she's always got one, right? And she all, every single time, and I do this probably almost every single day. So she's got meals, and then she goes into her, like, story. Everything. Felt super inflat and fluffy a few months ago. Decided I don't want to lean on for summer. That's exactly what it is. Simple, basic approach to my current routine, and we are eight kilos down. Do you want to lose five to eight kilos? Ask. So did these girls. I'm taking on eight girls who want to lose eight kilos in next 12 weeks. Do me plan.
Michael Cui: I'll see the next steps.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Every single time I go on a story, there's an ask. But it doesn't look salesy, does it? Because she's got so much other  involved in it.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. What helps with that is getting a lot of social proof up as well. You know what mean? And she does this, like, she's not my client or anything like that, but I've noticed she does this exact same framework every single time. It's like two-step story, like actually telling a story. Like, I felt super inflamed, so that's exactly what I did. This is a new one. I don't know if she does this super often, but just getting like... Do a little bit of engagement on it. Social proof, ask, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, tell a story, solve a problem, give value in two stories, social proof on the third, ask on the fourth.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Another person that does this well, actually, that I saw before, and both of these girls do really, really well with coaching. What's her name? I've forgotten her name. Tabby's actually probably a pretty good one as well. We'll come back to her in a second. Yeah, Lydia. Here we go. Do you know Lydia?
Michael Cui: No, I don't.
Kyle Musca: So, Lydia... Heaps on her stories as well, but she posts heaps on her stories. So social proof, reshare of a client, lifestyle guest, reshare of a client, reshare of a client, reshare of a client, reshare of a client, reshare 1.5 years ago, story, ask. You know what mean? But she's got so much in there that it doesn't look salesy at all.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Now, again, Tabby's another good one. She's grown her account. Like, she does really well. And the reason I'm using these people as examples, by the way, is because I know these girls all do really well organically, at least, Lydia and Tabby. And I'm pretty sure AMHAT does it organically as well. But I don't even know what's on the story here. But so social proof, social proof, ask.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so I think that's probably like with stories being so low in views. And I think that, you know, I'm not 100% sure how like stories didn't  work anymore because they're just so low in views. But I think like it will show different parts of your audience, different stories throughout the week.
Michael Cui: So you might as well just make more . Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So I'd ramp it up to at least every second day.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? The other thing as well is like when people are in a buying mindset, you know, you want to capture them there. So it's like Monday and potentially Thursday are ideal times for it. But that's not to say someone doesn't wake up  motivated to do something on, you know, Tuesday.
Michael Cui: Wednesday Wednesday, for example. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. So any questions on any of that?
Michael Cui: No, that all makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The biggest thing there is you just have to have a lot of other stories to go up with it. I think what you, I think you typically do a decent amount. I've started doing it a little bit more just as a gap filler for my stories is just doing the, like when you are actually training, you know, just filming it and putting on your story with some little bit of wording, for example.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, and then I could make an ask at the end of this.
Michael Cui: just didn't. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Any questions on any of that before we move on?
Michael Cui: No, that makes sense. I'll definitely. Yeah, start doing more of those for sure.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. You're getting good engagement on these as well.
Michael Cui: Yeah, that one was Loki, just a bit of a  video. Like, it didn't have much substance to it, but...
Kyle Musca: They don't always get any viral. I also think what probably didn't help is the... you, like, kind of covered a bit of it.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I'd say with these is when you do the cut, do it in an already flexed position, like that, for example, or, like, on the way up.
Michael Cui: Okay. I think I potentially maybe overdid it a bit with like the movement on the screen because I was like I had pretty quick cuts but then I also had like zooms and  and it was like low-key kind of giving me a headache when I was like watching it back.
Kyle Musca: If you want that lean jacked aesthetic look then you need to stop doing the exact things that prevent it. taken me five years to learn this so if you want to look like you actually lift make sure you follow along. I used to think that the quickest way to achieve this aesthetic Instagram influencer look was to first force feed and bolt to build the muscle and then restrict food and cut insanely hard to reveal it. But after learning my  I realized that the fastest way to achieve this physique actually didn't require either of those extremes. Not for the long term anyway. Because food doesn't cause muscle so it doesn't make sense to think that simply eating more of it will directly equal more gain. Instead focus on these two things. First, prioritize... Without this, you will not stimulate muscle growth no matter how much food you eat. And then, keep your food in and around maintenance or slightly above. There is genuinely no need to become a chungus. If you want that lean, jacked aesthetic look, then you need to stop doing the exact thing. Yeah, so I think that was a good video overall. I just, um, probably agree with you. There's just one very fast-paced, like, too much at the start. If lean, jacked aesthetic look, then you need to stop doing the exact things that prevent it. It's taken me five years to learn this. Yeah, so I think you're onto it. I think the overall voiceover was really good. was just sort of hard to see anything. lean, jacked aesthetic look, then you need to stop doing it.
Michael Cui: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just to actually take in any of that. It should be fast, don't get me wrong, like we have spoken about. And to be honest, I'm kind of happy to see. Like, I'd rather you go too fast too much so we can dial it back a bit than, like, you know, just being really boring and .
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know that Lived is insane when you, the one doing it, can't even believe you've just done it. I mean, look at his reactions. So I just want to take this moment to apologize for ever stepping foot in the gym. And jokes aside, if you've seen any of this guy's videos, you'll know this has been a long time coming. Absolutely incredible work. I'm still probably going to cancel my membership on the way out. So they got a good engagement. was longer than usual ones as well, which is fantastic.
Michael Cui: Yeah, like I kind of, this week anyway, pulled back a bit on like the reactions like that. I think I just did two this week. But yeah, like I think in terms of consistency when it comes to engagement and stuff like that, they go pretty consistent. Like I know for the most part, like the chances of it doing pretty well once I... It is, like, relatively high.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, again, they're good to have you in there to get the eyes on you. Yeah, but the messaging is so important because, like, how people will see you matters more than anything else. Like, for example, you could have, you know, 3,000 followers, but if every single person that follows you sees you as a really high authority in the space, you'll do better than someone with 100,000 followers who just, like, you know, makes gimmicky videos or some .
Michael Cui: Like that, you know what mean? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, that's why, for example, if you come to my page, I've stopped doing the stuff that I know will go really, really viral. Like, I might add it back in, you know, But, for example, like this stuff where even that I'd probably still do to be. So, again, it's finding the fine line of what's relevant and will do well. Well, but also not to the point where you just get seen as like a bit of a joke, if that makes sense. So for example, like these types of videos I've probably stopped doing more of where it's, yes, it's reacting to, you know, fitness-ish stuff, but it's not really anything with any kind of substance. Whereas if you go watch the videos now that I talk about, it's a lot more about like mindset and I guess motivation, you know, inspirational . So for example, like this video, like it didn't even do very well, right? But this was just me talking , kind of, you know, those types of videos. Whereas like, I don't know if you watch any of my content or anything like that, but pretty much every single video from now is, and all the ones I've got in my backlog, are more so, more serious types of videos, if that makes sense. Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. And, like, these ones are great. Like, this didn't do that well, but they're still really good to do because you basically just – you just treat them as, like, a talking head video, but you just use that as the intro into you going off in your own sort of tangent. So, like, have you watched this video?
Michael Cui: Nah, not that one, I don't think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like – It's going to be a little bit of a controversial take, but I feel like the only people that say you've changed, bro, are absolute losers that you used to call a friend. And if you think about it, it makes sense why they wouldn't want you to change. First of all, losers love surrounding themselves with other losers. They feel better in groups because when they're alone, they have to confront how  their life actually is. And secondly, if you came from the same place as them and your life is marginally better, it means that they had all the opportunity and did nothing with it. So if you're – What means it's giving you  because it's going change? Well, it probably means you're on the path. So with these, you know, so like if someone sees that, like, and, you know, maybe they are experiencing that or, you know, they have experienced that and they want to make a change.
Michael Cui: Like, who do you think they're going to go to to help them make that change?
Kyle Musca: Maybe not of just that one video, but if they have consumed my content and, you know, they're kind of on the fence about it. All right?
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: With those ones, I usually try and get them to be around 40 seconds. 40 seconds, like, sometimes, you know, depending on especially how long the first video is, they might go up to 60 seconds, but I try not to, I try to keep them closer to 40.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. You'll also notice that I've started doing more of these types of videos, like, which I'm not going to recommend you doing, but, like, actually be, you know, a personality. Speak your mind. You know, don't just sort of make. I mean, and this is a very sort of like, you know, as you create content over time, experience and get more experience with it type thing. But speak your mind on certain , you know what I mean? Because everything I do is very polarizing now.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like even to do with that, like it's polarizing to say that like, you know, your mate saying you've changed is basically calling him a loser.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I can't see the ins, can I see the insights on this? So 35 shares saves, you know what mean? Like people say that for, I guess, motivation.
Michael Cui: I don't even  know.
Kyle Musca: And again, one thing like I do, I've mentioned this a few times, is just pressing that little interested thing, man. And like literally. Really, I don't even need to save videos anymore. When I feel like filming content, I'll just go on there and it'll just show me exactly what I want.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, I've been doing that this week, heaps.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Coming in this. Yeah, perfect. 14, beautiful. I feel like I need things to be perfect when I film. Oh, that's probably the biggest holdback when it comes to posting frequency. To be honest, I don't even mind trying to, as long as your feed's geared for it, I don't mind just saving them. And I'm actually trying to get the videos when I sit down and film them. I would definitely sort of save videos so you have some to use if you can't find any.
Michael Cui: But if your feed's really geared for
Kyle Musca: Then like the reaction that you're going to do is going to be really authentic because it is the first time you've seen it, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also to do with relevancy as well, like if it is a video that is just starting to blow up and you react to it and you get it up, it's very, very likely that that will go, you know, really well.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Did you do the, you did do the science-based lifting one, hey?
Michael Cui: Yeah, and then like, I guess like the one today was kind of supposed to be, but it kind of  didn't.
Kyle Musca: That one, yeah. So it's like, you've got to get into the actual science-based, like it's got to be a lip.
Michael Cui: I have another one actually, that's like edited, I'll send it to you on, on Bingo now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let me watch this voice. Will this one simple change fix all your problems when it comes to chess games? Probably not, but let me explain why. Yeah, so I think that hooked it. We reviewed this, but we'll go over it now. I think the hook needs to be a little bit more polarizing. We should review and rewind. Yeah. So like, I already know it's going to, like a lot of my videos start off with just a version of that. Again, like if you find a hook that works, then just  rinse and repeat it. You what mean? And so it's like, for me, it's like, I already know a lot of, like, I already know this video is going to piss a lot of science-based lifters off. But if anyone ever tells you that changing one exercise tripled their chest gains, they're full of .
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Like that's very polarizing.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's how I would say it. You might say it differently, but. You know what mean? Yeah, so even, like, even this guy. My chest grew three times when I did this. It's only been four weeks since he posted it.
Michael Cui: You know what mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: One simple change to fix all your problems when it comes to chest gains? Probably not, but let me explain why. The main function of your chest is to bring your arm towards the midline. Yeah, so see how you can't see your arm? Like, you can kind of see, but you can't see. I would just point from here to here.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Again, the body, but your upper chest is also pretty good at doing this. So again, it's still hard to see. Yeah. like, your upper chest is good at bringing your arm, again, it's hard to show, but like, if you want a good diagram, it's easy to point to be like that, because you can't actually see that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And the reason for that is because your upper chest fibres run in a diagonal fashion, kind of like this. So that's good. That was perfect. Using a reverse grip on an incline press like the creator has done here, it's supposed to put you in a slightly more favorable elbow position to line up a... Now we're getting techno-babbley. Although I do agree that elbow part definitely matters when it comes to biasing the upper chest, it probably doesn't matter to the extent where you'd see a day and night difference when it comes to overall muscle growth. Not to mention, when the bro's doing his incline dumbbell press here, he... I would have probably cut the video there. He's kind of pressing in this direction anyway. So again, using a reverse grip on an incline press help, sure, but I think this whole elbow and part thing is slightly overrated as at the... I probably would have cut that there, just because like, just to remove the fat. Sometimes you kind of want to end the video with there being more to be said, because one, it will help with watch time, like in terms of people not clicking off because they feel like they're getting to the end of the video. But also, like, if you've left out kind of information like that, for example, it gives people room to come in and comment because they feel like they know or they can add to it or they know. Whatever circumstance it comes down to. But like they might drop into the comments, for example, like, you know, funny thing is the guy was on the, you know, on that sort of incline anyway, whatever they  say.
Michael Cui: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it just shortens the video and it leaves more room for people to actually come and put their input in.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would try and not get yourself to cover as much of the screen here because you can't, like, I don't know what's going on with his foot here, but it doesn't look like he has two shoes on. Oh man.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's just clarify first that it's not the action of doing- a three-rep set that makes something ego-lifting. But as soon as you have some sort of technical breakdown and you start using other movements to get the weight up, that's when you know you've probably overshot the weight and it's just probably too heavy. But it doesn't really have anything to do with the fact you're only doing three reps because even if I was doing a set of six and was leveraging other movements to get my reps done, I also would consider that overshooting. a little bit, almost technobabbley, hard to follow along with, especially if you're talking to someone who doesn't know what they're talking about. Because again, you've got to remember that you're talking, like the people that are going to be interested in coaching for you have very base level knowledge, very bare minimum knowledge. So if like, if you're using, like they're not even overly complicated words, they're just almost like kind of big words in conjunction, if that makes sense. And it's being said fast. It's like hard to listen to what you're saying and imagine what you're talking about at the same time.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Instead of the weight. All right, let's just clarify first that it's not the action of doing a three-rep. Why is a three-rep deadlift set not ego-lifting? Makes no sense. So again, hooks need to be real polarizing here, right? So again, there's different ways you could go about it, but like, what's that what it is? All right, let's just clarify first that it's not the action of doing a three-rep set that makes something ego So what I could see, let me potentially look at this video. I already know that this video is going to piss a lot of natties off, but I would argue. Yes, I'm just using that hook like a lot recently, to be honest. Like, it could be like, this is not ego lifting, by the way. Yeah. Again, you got to put in your own words and everything like that, but you could use something like, you know, one thing that really grinds my gears about the science-based lifting community is that they don't even know what the  they're talking about. You know what mean? Yeah. And then you could be like, zoom in on like with a screenshot. That's cool, man. As soon as you had a screenshot of that, like where his arms are differentiated, this by definition is ego-lifting. You know what mean? Then I'll talk about two things, right? So the angle I would come from is like, this by definition is ego-lifting, right? And then the next clip is like, next clip is like basically explaining the difference between technical failure and mechanical failure without over-complicating it. You know what mean? So, you know, when it comes to high-intensity, like again, I would say in this time, because you get very quick here as well, if you are going to use bigger words, slow it down. When it comes to high-intensity training, there's two types of failure. One is mechanical failure, where the muscle literally can't move the weight anymore. That's the one we want. The second is this, which is known as technical failure, where your form breaks down and you have to start, when your form breaks down and you have to start using other muscle groups to try and take the load or move the weight, probably. That's how I would say it as well in these shorter clips. You know what I mean? And then I would go, the funny thing is, machines are designed to be extremely stable. Doing this completely defeats the purpose. Then you're adding in, you've got one sandal on, you've got a mouthpiece and a seatbelt. The  are you doing that?
Michael Cui: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or you could be like, you know what I mean? And, you know, if you get your information from Instagram and you're kind of wondering whether or not it's – if you get your information from Instagram and you're wondering whether or not to tell how useful it actually is, little word of advice, if it's coming from a guy with one sandal, a mouthpiece, and a seatbelt, probably disregarded. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, that's just – I would – when I film it, I kind of, like, do that exact process where I'll, like, refine things as I go through it, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that's probably what I would say on that. See how I, like, did give a little bit of information, but I still made it, like, entertaining at the same time.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I also threw stones without being overly harsh, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I think with these especially, like the whole point of you reacting to these is to be polarizing. So the hook needs to be really polarizing.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, any questions on that?
Michael Cui: Nah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Because I'll try and, yeah. Yeah. Are you getting a lot more of those science-based lifting now?
Michael Cui: Yeah, now I am.
Kyle Musca: Let me see if I can connect my, what it's called, video player. Should be here. Cast TV. What is that? What is the video player on Mac again? It's like not called video, which is  annoying.
Michael Cui: Is it that like , that like queue looking thing on your dock?
Kyle Musca: The queue looking thing.
Michael Cui: Like on the right?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yes, yes. Quicktime player. That's the one I'm looking for. Nice. Again, pretty cool. Why is that not working? Let's try that one. Oh my gosh, mate.
Michael Cui: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, um, Like for some science-based lifting ones, so done, fix this. Movement that exponentially. Yeah, that would probably help. Now, I don't mean to hate here, but a phase I'd highly recommend every young gym bro skip is the corny science-based lifting error. During this period, you're going to try and reinvent the wheel and find some magical movement that exponentially increases muscle growth. And on the inside, you're going to feel like Jeff Nippard and Albert Einstein had some kind of swole baby. But on the outside, to everybody else, you're just going to look small and gay. Like, come on, brother, you look like you've eaten some spicy Mexican food, now you're just losing the battle. See, muscle building is actually a really simple process. You just pick up heavy weight and then you put it back down. Somehow you fail to do both of those things and we're not even going to talk about the math yet. Again, I'm not trying to hate here, but if I walk into the gym look and do a heavy bench press and I see some kid just pushing the bar into the rack doing an isometric hold, I'm going to get the salt charge, right? So let's just stop. Like, um, these are, I'm going to show these because I think they're relevant and I don't even know what the  I said on this one. Look, this video is probably going to land me in Some trouble, but  it, we ball. A skinny dude with abs is about as impressive as a fat chick with . And I know that this is going to offend some high estrogen soy boys, but nobody's impressed that you're sub-10% body fat if you only weigh 65 kilos. That, my friend, is called malnourishment, alright? It's not cool. Now, nothing against the guy in the original video, I'm just making a point. But if another man can walk up to you and just do whatever he wants, and you'd be absolutely powerless to stop him, I mean, how impressive are your abs, really? Let me know your thoughts. Would you rather be 100 kilos, strong as , but not have visible abs, or 60 kilos, but absolutely diced to the gills? I mean, now then, like, the criticisms I would have on that one is I probably came across as a little bit too much of a hater. But, like, even just to extract the hooks, like, see how they are very polarizing, you know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And although we're talking about science-based , like, I'm not trying to over-educate by any means.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One thing I'd really kind of... Recommend doing as well is even if you're trying to, if you're going to react to some science-based lifting stuff, again, don't just do it like raw dog it off the top of your head. Come and have a look at and try and find, come and try and find some videos that someone else has done. Now, maybe I'm just out of touch with the youth of today, but why are these regular tricep pushdowns with the back support now being called Jimmy pushdowns? I'm trying to find one, actually don't watch any of these content anymore, but. This is, in fact, a sick way to set up a Google. Kickback, especially for people who tend to feel the non-working leg more than the working leg. I really like doing and programming these, but with one minor change. Instead of having the cable set so high up to load the length and position for the glutes, I prefer setting this up that way you're mainly training the mid to short reach. See how he is educating a lot more, but it's extremely simple.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That length and position is already getting trained really... Now, obviously, JPG is already established in the space, right? So it's like he can obviously do things that most people can't. But the concept's still the same. Like, if something's gone viral, come and have a look at why. When people get shredded, you can see the separation of the pecs that form the three different divisions that make up the pecs. The upper, the middle, lower pec. And this gives you guys a really good idea of why I suggest focusing on growing the mid to low pecs rather than prioritizing straight incline pressing or anything that's going to... So this is a fantastic video for something that you'd want to do. Goodbye. As the upper chest over the middle of the upper pec, which you can see, he's pointing to it and there's like, he's talking, but I can clearly see and follow along with what he's actually talking about.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: See there makes up a much smaller portion of the pegs as a whole. So if you're a beginner to intermediate lifter who has not built up a significant amount of pec mass already, then I would suggest focusing on growing the pegs as a whole and not really worrying about biasing the upper chest so much. Now the other thing is like, take into consideration his tone and his talking pace. It's, you know what I mean? Like, compared to if we had a look at. By first, that is not the action of doing a three rep set that makes something ego lifting. But as soon as you have some sort of technical breakdown and you start using other movements to get the weight up, that's when you know you've probably overshot the weight and it's just probably too heavy. But it doesn't really have anything to do with the fact you're only doing three reps because even if I was doing a set of six and was leveraging. Most of that was good. And I think this is where we get to the hard part where it's hard to follow, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But like the problem is as soon as that happens, people will scroll.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And to get my reps done. Yeah. Have you found more creators that do this style of content that you do like?
Michael Cui: Not necessarily. I know. Have you seen his Instagram handles Booney Badger, I think?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's another good idea.
Michael Cui: Yeah. His stuff is like, yeah, like a lot more, I would say probably like kind of similar to you, to be fair, but just he reacts to him like mainly science-y .
Kyle Musca: Wait a second. I'm so confused. I feel like I'm in some sort of weird alternate universe or something. I thought this was the stuff that you did if you wanted to stay small. I have no opinions on the exercise. I think you should do whatever exercise you want to do if it's getting you bigger. That's all that matters. But like, where's the consistency? Because I could have sworn these types of people were saying that this Stuff was what kept you small, but now they're cuffing their rows at the elbow to limit four. So, yeah, S-tier tricep extension. I feel like he stopped doing so much reaction videos from when I last saw him.
Michael Cui: Yeah, he used to pump them out hard. Definitely not as much as of recent, but he, yeah, still does, like, quite a lot. Like, if you, yeah, would have scrolled down a bit.
Kyle Musca: Why does Nas have these lines on the bottom of his Knockers? Well, pretty simple. The chest originates all along here and then comes across and inserts over on the humerus. So the lower chest being lower than the insertion point kind of have to come up and across. Same thing with the upper. I feel like his content has shifted quite a lot as well since the last time. We scroll right down to... It's Gigantic Legs Incorporated just based somewhere in East Asia. I don't understand how all of y'all have the quads of three men. Legitimately name a better duo than Asians and stallion legs. Do it. I dare you. Like, what are y'all eating over there? What are they feeding you? Whatever it is, can I have a bite, please? Anyways, let's review this leg day as if a client had sent it to me, see how good it is. Kicking things off, calf press on this machine. Y'all know how I feel about this. This is the best calf machine. If you're doing your calf presses on the seated , like, stop, please. This is one of the few times where we actually want to focus in on the deep stretch. So having a straight leg allows us to get a better stretch on the calf. would keep the legs slightly more straight here so that we can really get that stretch and then focus on the bottom part of the range of motion. Next up, we got the hack squeezies. This is one of my favorite all-time squat patterns. No problems here. He's going balls to the wall. I love it. Next up, seated leg curl. Best hamstring exercise on the market. I wouldn't lean forward during your set. I would choose either to do it like this or leaning back. Leaning forward is going to help lengthen the hamstrings a bit more if you keep the spine straight. If you're rolled over, that's not really doing all that much. And he's got a single leg, leg press. Great exercise, but this is going to be pretty similar to that. So I think what's saved this is it's very fast-paced once he actually, not him talking super fast-paced, but it's very to the point once he gets into it, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: All right, but that did do well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can see he went away from the talking reaction style ones, which is weird. But like they clearly did better for him back in the day. If you want boulder shoulders on a big- chest. Is this where you got the reaction video idea from?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: your  wrists when you're doing your rows. I mean, this form is just the stuff of nightmares in general, but I mean, the collapsing of the wrist, oh gosh, it hurts. Let me show you something. And I don't give a damn about a PhD. These are my credentials. Sit your dumb  down. Shut up. Listen up. Notice anything different about this as opposed to what we just watched besides literally everything? Well, the wrists. The wrists stay in the same spot. You see how they're not collapsing? not... So obviously you need like a bit more knowledge on Mike, which I don't really have. I'm kind of speechless, to be honest. Like these fits just keep getting more retarded. I can't say that they're bad because like it's Mike and he kind of hit that. Retarded could go either way. can either be a good thing. or a bad thing just depending on the occasion in the person wearing the fit. Like this is the type of fit you wore when you were like 10, 11 years old and your mom told you that you could dress yourself for school and you just like threw on your favorite. If you're eating 0.8 to 1 gram of protein per pound of body weight, I'm sorry bro, you're cooked. You got psyoped by these fitness influencers and science-based nerds. 1.5 gram of protein per pound of lean body mass is minimum. Dude, if I ate 0.8 grams per pound of body weight, I would absolutely  disintegrate. Brother, so this is the style of like we've actually looked at a lot of his things. This is probably the only style that I'd actually say react to. I feel like for what I'm saying from him, he just kind of steered a little bit too far away from, you know. Like, he just started talking too much  if I had to put it down. And that could potentially be why he switched back, like, switched his content as we saw at the top as well, because it probably just wasn't converting very well for him.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You are 165 pounds. You need to be much less concerned with the amount of protein that you're getting in and much more concerned with avoiding large predatory birds or strong gusts of wind. And if your best argument for something is an appeal to authority, then you probably shouldn't have an enhanced physique that's achievable naturally. Now, look, I'm not going to cite any studies. I'm not going to throw around any buzzwords. It's very easy to just go on Google and look up the relationship between more protein and the ability to build muscle. You can go do that. What I'm going to show you is this. Example one. This is me. I weigh 40 more pounds than that guy. I've been training for less time. I'm natural. And I eat 60 to 70 fewer grams of protein than that. Let me say that one more time for the people in the back. 40 more pounds, 60 to 70. Fewer grams of protein a day, three and a half years of training, put on 30 to 40 pounds of muscle. Exhibit B, this is Elijah, monkey, 6263, 225, also eating sub 200 grams of protein. I was able to take my back from this to this in just three months without changing anything about my training. How did I do it? I changed my posing. And these are actually just 10 seconds. And the caption said, comment the word burn to find out the difference. And the comments were filled with the word burn. Guys, this is a mirrored image. What are we doing? I'm just going to take a quick gander here and assume that everyone that commented the word burn got sent a little ebook to their DM. It was talking about how it's more metabolically taxing to maintain muscle than it is to maintain fat, which is true to an extent, but the differences are much smaller than people let on. But the best way to burn fat is still doing the cardio. There's no workaround for that. Building muscle is going to help, and your body's just bigger. has a higher TDE. Yeah. So, yeah, I feel like there's definitely some of those things that I would say recommend, like that type of content as well, I think is good to react to. But I think, you know, as you see through this period, just gets into a phase where he just talks too much  and doesn't really provide any kind of value as much, from what we saw anyway.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: we might have definitely been wrong. But you can see these, like, views do drop off quite significantly as he's moved away from that. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, especially through this period here, right? Like, a lot lower than what it was. Still decent. Don't get me wrong. But nothing insane, insane.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. Does that all make sense, though, what we've covered?
Michael Cui: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I feel like just find that fine line of, like, similar with the voiceovers, really. Like, realistically, probably a little bit more. Maybe, like, 60%, 70% should just be, you know, kind of buzzwordy and all that. Like, maybe entertainment-focused, I would say. And then the other 30% actually value-driven. You know what mean? Because, again, we're trying to sell, we're trying to, we're trying to get the what across, but not the how. That's all we want.
Michael Cui: Because then people will come to us for the how. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I think for you, like specifically, when you talk, you just need to be more polarizing.
Michael Cui: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: In a natural, authentic way.
Michael Cui: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But like, if you just, yeah, yeah. Because people, like, especially when you're doing these kinds of reactions, people need to pick a side, essentially. Whose side are they on? Are they on your side or are they on his side?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But if they just don't care, then they're just going to keep scrolling.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: No, I've been logged out of it. It's okay. Well, is there anything else you specifically want to cover?
Michael Cui: No, it's kind of just that. think the other thing I really said in the form was that, oh, these carousels. I also like, do decent sometimes just because I think it's to do with the fact that Declan reposts them.
Kyle Musca: Right. Let's have a look at Declan's content. See, because I assume Declan does well with his coaching.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Oh, it's D-X-K-L-A-N. Yeah, he does really well, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, you know, he doesn't have, he has a decent amount of followers, right? Yeah. But the reason I would say he obviously does really well is because everybody that follows him is following him for a very specific reason.
Michael Cui: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And like, if we look at his decent, solid views consistently, but nothing, you know, super, super insane.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, these science-based, I'm just kidding. That's actually me in the last video, and it's fantastic advice. Probably one of the best simple lateral race tutorials out there. If you're still butchering your lateral races, and I, what? I didn't think so. If you're still butchering your lateral races, all the tips are there. It's so easy to fix them. Yeah. See, even something like that, just being  random, like just, because that just breaks the pattern. You know what mean? You just, you're not used to seeing that on your feet.
Michael Cui: Yeah. He's like, I think at the moment, oh yeah, yeah, like the last couple months, his main kind of videos you can probably see that he posts is just like text on screen.
Kyle Musca: You'll also see that they don't typically do a minute or run. I mean, sure. Yeah, it's 75 pounds heavier. You're about 100 pounds heavier, but yeah, it's 75 pounds heavier. Chest is coming up, using momentum. Also didn't ask, don't care, you're older. And Joe, my man, I don't think I deserve this because I don't know you. And in the video, I was actually shouting out someone. So you're very polarizing. For being a lot stronger than me. So, I mean, feel free to explain yourself in my comment section, man. You seem like, you look like a friendly guy. The wind took your hair, but you look friendly. So maybe explain. Yeah, it's a polarizing. Great beef, you know what mean? I guess the other thing as well is when you come onto his page, it is very, again, you very, very quickly and clearly see he is a coach.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, he's talking about programming, everything to do with is about training, hypertrophy, but nothing like insane view-wise. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that's okay because, again, everybody that's coming onto his page and seeing it is just seeing. He is just all about training.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: He's all about coaching. How often does he post as well? So realistically, once a day, once or twice a day.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: With the on-screen stuff as well. One thing I'd also do, mind effort, you might want to get a profile picture where you stand out a little bit more.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Not very contrasting that. With the thumbnails as well, something I'd get into the habit of is trying to make sure that... It took me five years to figure this out, but I'm going to teach it to you in less than 60 seconds. This is the change that finally took my legs from looking small and skinny to big and strong without me dreading every leg day and leaving me feeling crippled for the next week. The truth is you're doing too much. If you're doing more than... Yeah, one thing I'll try to avoid is just having like these types of photos on your feet. So yeah, everyone here does have wording and everything like that. Because the wording itself will act like, act as the thumbnail. Which when someone comes to your feed, we'll come down and like see, I mean, just kind of like, if anything, kind of looks like a bit of gap, if anything, whereas when you come here, it's just like everything is, no lats, doing two sets, carb cycling, you know what pre-workout, like it's the first thing I'm reading, restricting your shoulder, powerlifters should be using 2x more frequency.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas this kind of just looks like, a little bit more Gymbro, we think, coachy, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But the physique is definitely coming, like, the only thing that would change that is just literally adding wording to the thumbnail part. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: With engagements overall, Solomon.
Michael Cui: Yeah, like transformation. And staff always do pretty decent. For me, I just like, yeah, do like a couple a week, but I also don't want to like  spam the  out of it every day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like I would do, you know, you might even want to do that, not like that. Something like that, because that will be a lot more clickable on a For You page than that, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would, yeah, I would 100% do that as the thumbnail.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or something like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. And then, yeah. Then what I I would just start putting more stuff up in your stories, like try and get, you know, like do a bare minimum of maybe like four or five stories per day, which means that you can make the ask as well.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah. was going to say like the only other thing I said in that check-in really was that like, I think the content is so, yeah, doing heaps better, especially in terms like engagement and stuff, but like inquiries still sit pretty stagnant. Um, but I think, yeah, like probably doing more us and stuff on the stories would most likely help.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I, and again, we're starting to like, we've got this content down now, the viral content. So we, we want to keep that in there. Like that's, I'm not saying remove it by any means. We want to keep that in there, but we just want to start also like adding. Adding, yeah. So not changing it by any means, but adding the messaging, um, of who you want it. Yeah. Talked and getting yourself established more as a coach, you know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which you are doing. Stuff like this is fantastic. Because again, if I come to your feed, this is very coaching-specific.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Building an athletic physique, very coaching-specific.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So someone who does this well is Sage from, I haven't checked out his profile in a little bit. But, you what mean? It's very like social-proof, reset, challenge. Transformation, that. I'm not a fan of the AI stuff at all. What happens if I drink protein shakes? You know what mean? It's very similar. can very, very easily see it's everything is about coaching.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But again, like he's, I don't know, I think he's running follower ads or something like that, but his following has increased massively. His engagement has not increased at all.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Oh, that was the other thing I like asked last week as well. Like every time like Newey, because you know, like when people  put that stuff up on their story and then they tag Newey and then Newey reshares it. Like I like, sometimes we'll tap and see like who it is and they seem to be doing pretty well with like their coaching business in general. But then when I take a look at like the videos that they run or that they post, typically like engagement and stuff is pretty average. Is that kind of just them running like ads, is that kind of what it is or?
Kyle Musca: That could be different things. depends on who it is. A lot of them  that hard. I'm not going to lie. Cause like you could get like, I mean, you could chuck it up on your story. Like you could just  sign up to yourself as like a doll. dollar thing.
Michael Cui: And on UE, it would be like nine new clients in the last week. You know what I mean? Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Like a lot of them do  it.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I take that with a grain of salt. It also doesn't take into consideration low ticket stuff. You know what mean? They might have just sold  a couple of e-books or something. You know what mean? Who specifically did that?
Michael Cui: I don't know. It's just like every time like I go on like the, like when Newe puts up stories, because like they just re-share the people that tag them.
Kyle Musca: Like sometimes I just tap on like random people's, like random people's profiles or whoever was tagged and then I like just suss out their videos just to see what they're posting and stuff. Yeah. To be honest, I think it's just a... Yeah, it's obviously reform. He does do well.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: She's got 18k followers, so I mean, potentially.
Michael Cui: Yeah, she does like heaps of, I think I've seen her videos before, she does heaps of just like yapping videos and she's just unhinged as  and says some heinous .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, follow her. Yeah, I wouldn't get too discouraged by that, man. I know for a fact that a lot of people that do that are just full of .
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is there anything else you want to cover, man?
Michael Cui: Nah, bro, I'm pretty sweet. Yeah. Yeah, pretty sweet at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome. Yeah. Cool, bro. Well, that's it. That's stuff implemented. And yeah, if you do film any of the science-based or any video really and you want me to review it, just send it through to me.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, easy. Cool, bro. All right. Enjoy your weekend. I will chat to you soon. Easy, guys, bro. Thank you. See you, Bye.


>>> 161/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-10T05:43:06Z | id:136900696
People: Kyle Musca

Bre Colley: Well, I didn't actually think we'd have a This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Did you drop form last week?
Bre Colley: I think so, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Cool.
Bre Colley: like that.
Kyle Musca: All right. Let's dive into things. So one thing I want to suss with you is your lead magnet for sure. Is there anything else you want to cover in this call?
Bre Colley: Not really.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Let's dive in.
Bre Colley: I've just figured out. can see the different colors. So two, four, four girls were from the lead magnet. One girl did a self-booking, which is after our call today. And then the rest, two, four, five. Oh, no. Hang on. Two, four, five. So half of them pretty much are from the lead magnet. That's  nuts.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Let's have a look at that. That is nuts. So, have you done your CO dashboard? You haven't checked the CO dashboard?
Bre Colley: No, I haven't.
Kyle Musca: So, the annoying thing is that this cap is  up on your account, so I can't actually see how much it's giving you a cost per lead. But you've got the same amount of calls.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You've got the same amount of calls booked from less than half the ad spend.
Bre Colley: That's  sick money.
Kyle Musca: So, what we need to do here is...
Bre Colley: My cost per acquisition in the first week of March is $1,200. $1 Then there's been a week where it was $1,500, $1,300, $1,700, that's crazy. This, what, I don't know how accurate it is, but it's been like $470, $116, $210, $194. That is insane.
Kyle Musca: That's not, I guess it is technically total.
Bre Colley: Right.
Kyle Musca: $1,170. Yeah, so I don't know what you've done to this. What's happened here?
Bre Colley: I didn't touch it, babes. It was, um, I don't know, $1,200, $6.
Kyle Musca: Let's just start from March. Your setter can come in and fix this. Is there a week five? What the ? It's a 7.13. Let's fix this. That's on 2024, that's why. What?
Bre Colley: It says 2024.
Kyle Musca: Oh, .
Bre Colley: Now it's not.
Kyle Musca: this is much, , you can't. 10, 7, that's... Let's use this one. This is what it's actually meant. How much cash did you collect?
Bre Colley: I think $7,250, $7,250.
Kyle Musca: Contract value?
Bre Colley: I haven't calculated from the girl last night, but we went five, we went five backwards.
Kyle Musca: Pardon? I'm just calculating.
Bre Colley: Three, six, nine, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, point four, I think sixteen point four, okay?
Kyle Musca: Cool, so cheeky little 17x, nice.
Bre Colley: Yeah, holy .
Kyle Musca: Now, what are any organic?
Bre Colley: No.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do here is I'm going to send this to you. I'm going to use this one now. Don't be deleting anything, please, buddy.
Bre Colley: I won't. I don't touch it. I'll send it to Camille as well.
Kyle Musca: I'd probably ask her to go, like, fix it up.
Bre Colley: The old one or the new one?
Kyle Musca: Like, get rid of the old one, but translate all the data over to this new one. So, like, for all the months that were missed, right?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, what I would also do here. My computer's been so pissed on me off. Cool. Now, what I would also do here is. I'm going to make a copy. We're going to change this. So what we're going to do here is you got 827. So we're only going to record what came from the direct response campaign. So from that, and we need Ben Eichert to do this properly because of the  thing, don't we? cut.
Bre Colley: I really need a wee. I can hear you.
Kyle Musca: Filter, conditions, tags. So from the 27th to the 8th. Do you do the 27th? So if it's after from the 27th or from the Saturday?
Bre Colley: I think she does from the Saturday. She does it on a Friday, I think. Thursday night was Friday.
Kyle Musca: What did we just say? Gosh,  damn it. 27th to the 8th. How does that make sense? Because that's too big of a time frame. I wonder if she's just done the day, not the actual date, and it's been 2024. So we'll just go from the 27th, which is the, sorry, the 28th to the next Friday, which is the 3rd. Let's go from that. So 29 total. Did just say the third? What the  is going on here? , that's annoying.
Bre Colley: Why is that like that? Yeah, that is annoying.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. Okay, let's go from the 27th to the 3rd. You spent 954. Total ad bookings, how many came from direct response? Not both.
Bre Colley: Think five.
Kyle Musca: Total?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, just five.
Bre Colley: Five. Just five.
Kyle Musca: How many of them showed up?
Bre Colley: I think, I think I had to delete one. So there must have been six and one didn't show up, but I didn't hear from it. Pretty sure.
Kyle Musca: So six and five showed up.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. How many sales you make?
Bre Colley: Two, three, four, five, six, seven.
Kyle Musca: No, but how many came from those five?
Bre Colley: Oh, . So direct response. One. Oh, one was organic. One was from you. Sorry. I  the whole thing. So one, two, three, five and four. So I made three sales out of that, but I still have one more call. Today, with one from direct response.
Kyle Musca: Okay, let's put the organic in here.
Bre Colley: Four. You closed it, yeah? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. How much do you... Okay, so we're going to have to... I guess it doesn't  matter. That's fine. We'll just keep it like that for the sake of the argument because it will feed into that, yeah. Oh, not really, but...
Bre Colley: From the organic, I only collected $95 because she didn't have to do a deposit or anything.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Well, that doesn't change anything.
Bre Colley: And her whole thing is going to cost less. like, 95 times 24 is $2,280. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, we'll get rid of that neat contract value, $2,280.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's do $2,300, which would be $14,100. Let's just run with that, make it simple. It's going to be, obviously, the slightest bit off, but  it, whatever.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. Now, 27th to the 3rd. Is that? Yeah, 27th to the 3rd. So on lead, oh, go  yourself. So 480. This is not in the last week, by the way. This is the 27th to the 3rd you're counting, hey?
Bre Colley: No.
Kyle Musca: Brianna, what's the day today? So it's the Friday. So she should be doing it today anyway.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Well, let's just  try. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's just fill out this  data. Okay?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Last seven days, you spent 827. 827. got 29. No, we're going to change that now. The 35 leads from qualified, which is great. And then five.
Bre Colley: Direct.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Four, three. That's actually that. So she'll need to come in and do these. What I would tell her to do as well is tell her to come back and because we're going to do a direct response and a lead magnet one, show her how. And then tell her to go back and do it for the last month.
Bre Colley: Show her how. If I don't even know how, how do I show her how?
Kyle Musca: So it's the same thing. The only thing is you just need to differentiate where the calls have come from and differentiate the ad spend between the two campaigns.
Bre Colley: So based on the calendars?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You should be tracking this in your call-out come sheet, by the way, like where they came from.
Bre Colley: Right.
Kyle Musca: Just to make it easier so it's all in one place. If you need a hand with that, let me know. I can help with that. Okay. Let's go to the lead magnet side of things, okay?
Bre Colley: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So you spent, in the last seven days, $345?
Bre Colley: $345.
Kyle Musca: On the lead magnet.
Bre Colley: Yeah, paid a loan, yeah. Oh, right.
Kyle Musca: I'm going get rid of all this. Okay, so $345. How many... Oh, wait, no, this is this. So changing this to lead mag qualified. Okay, so in the last week, you've got $88. Okay. Hey.
Bre Colley: What?
Kyle Musca: things are not in me. $88, $88. So your cost per lead is $4. How many ad bookings came from that?
Bre Colley: Five.
Kyle Musca: Cool. How many people showed up?
Bre Colley: Four.
Kyle Musca: How many people did you close?
Bre Colley: Probably four. Oh, I still have one today, so I closed. Oh, no. Oh, yeah, because that's the referral. Yeah, so closed three and have one more to go.
Kyle Musca: Well, let's remove that from that there. Let's say for argument's sake, you've closed all four so far.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's say for argument's sake, yeah, that's what it is.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, and how much money do you collect on cash for those?
Bre Colley: Just those.
Kyle Musca: Just those five.
Bre Colley: Well, I got a pay in full, 25 plus 95, so 26 plus Felicity. Yeah. Let's Let's say you 3 3,600, and then back, I think she did 250, 3,600, 3,850.
Kyle Musca: 3,850. Okay, cool. How much contract value total?
Bre Colley: 3.5, 2.2, 5.7. 8. 9. 11. 6.
Kyle Musca: So now let's compare these two. So. Your setting, your booking-to-lead ratio is obviously a lot less, which is to be expected. To be fair, your booking-to-lead ratio is not great on that. It's not bad, but it's not insane. Your cost per call was $100 cheaper on the lead magnet. Your acquisition cost was $200 cheaper almost. And your return on investment was almost twice as good.
Bre Colley: That's nuts, man.
Kyle Musca: $44. Let's start pushing this  thing up, eh?
Bre Colley: That's  crazy. crazy.
Kyle Musca: I would, if that's the case, I would, I would pump them out. would create at least once every two weeks.
Bre Colley: Okay. Well, I've already got one. I'll just create graphics for it and done. I already got the thing built out, recorded it, and it's pretty much ready.
Kyle Musca: So how do these girls, like, does the conversation continue?
Bre Colley: Well, let me have a look. So she's obviously reached out a few times.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she's a doctor. That's really good. Is your setters tagging them when they book calls and stuff?
Bre Colley: I'm not sure.
Kyle Musca: Call booked?
Bre Colley: Surely. She hasn't got a call booked.
Kyle Musca: No, no, but like, let's see if we can, no, she's not tagging him. She needs to tag him with those. So Seda needs to tag, call prompted when they offer to get on a call, and then once the call's been booked, they need to be tagged with a call booked.
Bre Colley: Oh, bless, I've never seen that. Wonder what that was. I'm curious.
Kyle Musca: So what's funny about this is she came in through the lead magnet but then must have re-clicked an ad.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And was this girl?
Bre Colley: I think it's happened for a few of them. I do get lots of, like, my friends saying, like, I see your ads all the time, which is a great thing because it's in people's faces 24-7.
Kyle Musca: Is this the coach?
Bre Colley: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: No.
Bre Colley: Oh, I had a call with her. I didn't sell it last week. I feel like, yeah, the lead magnet's great because they can see how I coach, how I teach, and like you always say, you've given them free value, so you're the one they come to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think the biggest thing here with the lead magnet is, yeah, the fact that you're actually giving them something. You're giving them the what. But not the how. So for example, what I did with cows is he was doing a five-day program, but I think the problem may have been there is that they've actually got something they can go away and use. So there's no gap right there. And then for them to need help, whereas this is like, you're giving them the information and the information, the what, but not the actual how to go away and practically apply something.
Bre Colley: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: I think, you know, so there's obviously, again, there's the gap, which is what is very fascinating about this. So if we come and look at this.
Bre Colley: Which ones are the best performing? Because then I'll just go recreate that kind of style. Okay. With my other lead magnets. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. Well, yeah, that's pretty much what we needed to do is just break down that. I reckon we just keep scaling.
Bre Colley: Wow. I knew you'd take a photo view.
Kyle Musca: No. One thing I would even look at doing as well is looking at, I mean, it depends on how much you have on your plate. If you've got too much in your plate, then just keep doing what's working. But, like, if you can, or even you might even want to look at, you know, potentially hiring someone to do this, whatever. The idea to figure it out is yours. But put all these girls that are coming. I the lead magnet into a funnel and go high level.
Bre Colley: Yeah, using Joseph.
Kyle Musca: Joseph would be able to do it for sure. Yeah. So an opportunity. So you'd have like a lead magnet funnel, for example. And mainly, just make sure that they're being tagged, right? Because what you could do then is like, if they're simply tagged like that, then you come into contacts, create a SMART list, right? Manage Films, Tags, whatever you can filter by that. I'm not going to do it right now. Advanced Filters. I'm going to do it right now. Just give me a thumbs up. Tag. And then you'd select, you know, lead magnet, for example, if you've got lead magnet.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you could just send out emails and stuff about your podcast.
Bre Colley: Oh, that's a good Great idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, hey, we just dropped a new episode. Feel free to watch it here. Because what that would do is the girls that get the lead magnet, they're not ready to buy because they're still in the information gathering stage, but you can get them to continue consuming your long-form content.
Bre Colley: They'll keep them in your ecosystem. That's so good.
Kyle Musca: And then, like, anytime you create a new lead magnet as well, you could send it out to them for free. And then what I would also add into those sequences is just Soph of girls you worked with.
Bre Colley: Yeah,  yeah. That's epic.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bud. All right. Well, that's very important information for us to have known. Is there anything else you want to touch base on?
Bre Colley: No, I think that's everything. That's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, buddy. All right. Well, that's exciting.
Bre Colley: So let's just keep pumping that for you. yeah. Thanks, babes. Awesome. All right. I'll see you in probably two seconds when I'm off. Okay, Bye.


>>> 162/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-10T07:38:57Z | id:136906229
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Harry: How's it going, man?
Kyle Musca: Good. Sorry about that. I thought it was in and out.
Harry: No, don't stress. Daylight savings just ended in the other states here, like literally three or four days ago. So it probably was, you were like, oh, , it's meant to be an hour.
Kyle Musca: Oh, perfect. Perfect. How was your trip back?
Harry: Yeah, good. Quick and long  drive. was at 12 and a half hours drive yesterday. was just, I'm just  tired, bro. I'm just overdriving, but keen to be back into reality and routine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely, man.
Harry: Definitely.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. How did you go from our last chat? put together the offers and everything, all good?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I got obviously the prices and stuff. The only thing that I haven't been able to do is run through the sales stuff. I like the actual script itself. That's purely just on me. I just literally have had so much else and I've just  put it to the wayside. But obviously over the weekend, got some time and yeah, get it all looked at and sorted.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man. Have you had any sales calls or anything like that in last seven?
Harry: No, nothing. I haven't, I literally like haven't, yeah, haven't advertised anything. Like I put up that one CTA, a couple of people reply, but, and like one or two that I'm still obviously chatting with, but nothing like concrete getting them on calls or anything like that, which is definitely something that, you know, I think I need to know a little bit more about and just be a bit better, more proactive with.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. And how, how are you looking over the next sort of couple of weeks to months, man? Are you, cause you've doing a lot of traveling and everything. Has that sort of calmed down and you've sort of got a free reign?
Harry: I've got the next, next month is completely like no, no trouble, nothing. I'm completely just business focus. I'm especially with like ex-girlfriend out of the, out of the picture and everything. I've actually got time to sit there and really have this as a priority and which it is, it needs to be like, it just has to be.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Beautiful. Yeah. Just cause I stand out. For a kid is to do while traveling.
Harry: So yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, and, and to do like with, with this, it's like very similar to a fitness program as well. Like. Execution is a huge part of it. So yeah, I want to make sure we can focus on it. Beautiful, man. Now there's two objectives we could really look at doing. One is we could look at stepping into the world of ads in this call. I definitely want to do that relatively soon. Or we could spend this time refining your organic and everything like that and looking at your organic funnel. It really comes down to what you feel is a more of a priority to you at the moment.
Harry: I think probably, you know, I think I know everything you've laid out. Like I listened to the whole, the document you sent me through just with everything, the 60-page one. I just chucked it on, like speak to text while I was driving. So I listened to the whole thing. And I think that gave me a fair few insights of just sort of, okay, I haven't been identifying a particular client that I want to have. Like I haven't had an avatar before, like what I'm going for. Sort of thought about it, but I haven't actually identified and headed towards that. And it's just what I now am just moving my head past is, you know, and I'm sure that you've experienced the same thing. There's a certain point at which with, you know, content and the influencer sort of  that you have to decide, okay, do I want to have a profitable business or do I want to have an ego about this ? And so I'm just like, now that I've arrived back in an hour, like I've just, I want to just focus on the  business . So I think I know where I need to step with the organic content and get back to what works, get back to just posting  workouts, posting informative , posting my transformation. And just do it again.
Kyle Musca: Cause I've just been slack. There's no, there's no other way to put it. I've just literally just like, I've just gone on. It's a bit much going on right now. So I've just stepped away from it. Yeah.
Harry: So I think I'm, I think I'm okay with that. Like the stuff that you've given me already has been really, uh, like really helpful in just getting that mindset of where the  to head my sort of organic stuff. So I really do think that the ads is probably more where I'd want to step. But if you, if there was something you wanted to sort of, you know, if we could do a little bit of organic and then, and then move to the ads, I don't know, sort of if, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. What your sort of recommendation is. Yeah. So with the niche and down and everything like that, man, I find like being authentically you will be the best thing that you can do because if you try and start like going too niche down in terms of your messaging and everything, it comes across as a little bit too salesy and markety.
Harry: You know what I mean? Of course, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and to be honest, like organic, with organic, we just want to keep it really sort of value-driven, really relationship-driven with your followers and everything like that because we don't want to, you know, again, come across too salesy or sort of ruin the reputation or anything like that. And when people come from your ads, they'll come onto your organic profile and they'll start basically binge-watching your content and getting to actually know you and like see who you're about and everything like that. So it's really important to have sort of that dialed in. And I would, I reckon, there's two things. I reckon we'll quickly power through the organic side of things because there's no point like, and I've ran this, you know, before with. Different people and everything like that. the organic side of things isn't dialed in, then the problem is when we get into ads and everything like that, they don't do as well. You know what mean? And I've tested this because as soon as we dialed in the organic side of things, the ads started to ripple a lot more. So what we'll do is we'll break down your organic funnel right now. And then if we have time, we'll definitely get into the ad side of things. I think that will come. I'm still getting to get like all the ad side of things like prepped and everything for you on the back end. It would just be a matter of like actually sort of implementing and executing on that. But I think that probably will fit a little bit better next week anyway. But again, so one thing is the funnel. Now, let me pull up this. In terms of the profile picture, man, what I would probably recommend doing is getting a profile picture where it's either your face or very visibly you. So if we have a look at, you know, mine, for example, like because we are in the. World of Fitness, I've tried to get my physique in there a little bit, but you can see the, like, I very much stand out. You know, I mean, I've removed the background and everything like that to make sure that I fill out that circle very, very nice and clearly.
Harry: Whereas, like, that, you know. Literally, that's exactly what I went to do the other day. What do you reckon? I was going to chuck this one up. This was my old one, and then I changed it because I had that little  spot where I was like, oh, I don't want to be just fitness. But I was thinking it would just change it back to just, like, and just, obviously, you imagine the circle , you can see, you can see what's going on. Is that?
Kyle Musca: With the, I probably wouldn't necessarily do black and white because. Oh, I've got the, I've got color version as well. Yeah, yeah, perfect. And then what I would even maybe do is, like, again, depending on how much it stands out. So, see how that's very nice and lit and everything like that. It's easy to see when it's in, you know, small thing like that, for example, right? So even Sage is a decent exam, because that's kind of how yours would look, if that makes sense.
Harry: Of course, yeah. You know what mean? Would you recommend putting a color or something behind it, or is it not really necessary?
Kyle Musca: Oh, what was that?
Harry: Oh, sorry, bro. My , sorry, my service is  here. I was just saying, would you recommend putting a color behind it or something, or it doesn't really matter too much?
Kyle Musca: Depends on how much it stands out, and like, as long as it doesn't look gimmicky, you know what mean? Like, that's kind of borderline, like you can tell, it's just put together. Whereas, if we look at something like, and again, like, so, for example, Alex and Mosey, right? Very clear, just a facial photo, green background, right? We look at someone like Dan Mattel, same thing, you know what mean? Facial with clear background. Reason we want that is we just want people to be able to very clearly see it's you. Now, because we're in the fitness space, yeah, if you can get your physique in there, then fantastic.
Harry: That's That's Yeah, that's obviously the color version. So there's not much going on in the background.
Kyle Musca: To be honest, what I would do is, do you have Lightroom?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, I do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would use the masking effect and then just like change it from you to the background and then maybe just take all color out of the background. So the background's black and white, but your physique is colored.
Harry: Gotcha, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense. Play around with it. You know what mean? Yeah. It's yours at the end of the day. Now, the other thing, man, is one, you should definitely have online coach in your thing here. You know what mean? Yeah. Reason for that is because we want someone to come to your page and very clearly see what it is that you offer and how to apply for it. If there's any sort of confusion at all in the funnel or the offer or whatever, people won't buy. As soon as there's an ounce of confusion or doubt, they'll  off, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I would definitely recommend online coach.
Harry: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Your name's already there, so you don't even need to do that.
Harry: that. Please change as well. Yeah. While I, while you literally say it, just do it so that it's literally sorted. So you just put instead of you, so you just put like Harry Punt and Dash online coach or something like that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can do that if you want. Again, it's completely up to you. I did it all in caps. I feel like that stands out a little bit better than just the lowercase. Completely up to you how you do it. The other thing is, I think you should, are you a creator account or a business account?
Harry: I'm not sure. I'm verified. I don't know if that makes a difference on what.
Kyle Musca: You'd be a creator of business, I would assume. But either way, would come and add fitness trainer or a fitness coach or something like that as the actual thing of what you do. You know what mean?
Harry: Yeah, because what's mine? What is mine currently?
Kyle Musca: It's just athlete, I think.
Harry: Yeah, which doesn't show or it's not showing anyway. Literally nothing.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Now, the other thing is we want a big, bold, tangible promise, right? So people, again, people need to look at this and know exactly who you help and what they can expect to achieve. So that's obviously mine. I've helped over 1,000 men drop 10 kilos in 10 kilos plus in three months or less, 10 plus kilos in three months or less, right? If we go to another one of my clients, Aaron, Aaron's a really great example of what good organic content is. So even if you want to follow him and everything like that, because we've gone through this, we'll probably find it for him.
Harry: I'll have a little look for him.
Kyle Musca: I have busy men and women drop or gain 10 kilos. So even that, like Aaron only predominantly trains men. So if I was going to give him feedback on that, I'd be like, just remove women, you know. Yep, yep. So, for example, yours might be.
Harry: Oh, sorry, bro. It  keeps cutting off.
Kyle Musca: No, no, you're good. I was just thinking. was going to say, like, yours might be a help busy men working 40-plus hours a week drop 10 kilos plus. But again, get creative with it. So if we come and have a look at, who's another person that does this well? I don't know if he does do this well, but I assume it was. You know, I help online fitness coaches make 10K to 100K per month. I mean, again, it's very tangible. It's very bold. Now, with this as well, what I'll say with this is you want this to be your universally applicable, big, bold thing. So you'll see for mine, like, I will always mass produce. I'll help you cut 10K of fat in the next 90 days. I'll say it in different ways. I'll help you drop 10K of fat over the next 12 weeks, 3 months, whatever. But it's always something similar to that. Helping busy men and women lose 10 kilos. it can be something, you know, again, come up with your own one.
Harry: What would you, you know, would something like, you know, helping busy men or, yeah, helping busy men get, you know, get their dream body or does it need to be more tangible than that, you know, like an amount dropped or, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would, anytime you can use a tangible specific numerical number, I would use it because people need to, you know, it's all good and well saying like, you know, I'll help you lose weight. But I, a lot of people can't associate what that actually means for them. I'll help you lose 10 kilos of fat. Fantastic. I'll help you lose 10 kilos of fat without super restrictive diets. Even better. So that's probably what I would.
Harry: Do you think like having six pack, you know, six pack, visible six pack or is that not, still not, you know, you would lean towards it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Especially for, because your, your audience is guys that have already kind of been training, hey?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for those, so cows is very similar. It's more so dream outcome focused and physical attribute focused. But his is just to help you guys get jacked. Because like, do a lot of guys come to you for just cutting fat?
Harry: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, a lot do, I think.
Kyle Musca: Do any come for building muscle?
Harry: Yeah, for sure. There is definitely some.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, we don't want to kind of like limit it to...
Harry: That's what, that's exactly why I said something about the six-pack rather than...
Kyle Musca: You could say, I'll help you, I help men... drop fat. Yeah, I help men cut slash gain 10 kilos plus and get six-pack abs.
Harry: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Something like that.
Harry: So then it covers both.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like that's a good one for you, I think. You can play around with it, you know, whatever suits you at the end of the day.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right.
Harry: That's right. All All right. you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see, that already looks way better. That already drew my attention more than the other one did.
Harry: Yeah, perfect. And I just literally had had it like that because I was just like trying to act like I  didn't have a business from it. And I was just getting ego-y about it. I think that was actually my ex partly just making me feel like that because she would say things were like corny.
Kyle Musca: And everyone says it's corny to be making a lot of money and then they're like, oh, what happened?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. No, I could imagine it's exactly like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. All right. And now what I would do, man, is like if you, how much are getting from Define and Elite? Do get it much?
Harry: Oh, . would just pretty much, they're neither, oh, Define's made me a hundred bucks, but like they both give me $350 worth of products each month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like if you're going to keep it into your bio, that's fine. The biggest thing with a funnel, man, is like we want to eliminate as much distraction as humanly possible. Because what will happen here, man, is, and I can already probably assume what will happen, is I'll come on and I'm like, oh, cool. Oh, he's an online coach. Let's check that out.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, coaching. Actually, I might need new clothes and then you've just lost a quote.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Harry: What I could do is I could just create, and because I think I did speak to them briefly about this, what I might do is I'll just create a little highlight, like story highlight of each of them. So then it doesn't have to be in my bio or in my link tree.
Kyle Musca: You can, yeah. I mean, it's up to you because I do understand you have like sponsors and stuff like that. But for me, like my turning point was like, why would I promote someone else's brand and get like 10% when I can just promote my own brand and take home everything? You know what I mean?
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, but it's still cool to get, you know, apparel, you know, and have those affiliate stuff for them. But like, I don't even know what I have. I think I took Ghost out of mine. Yeah.
Harry: I took Ghost out of mine completely. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, but Ghost is pretty crucial.
Harry: it depends on how. I just need to do that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, it's completely, it depends on how. How  they are about it. You know what mean?
Harry: Like if they're  like... Yeah, if they say... Yeah, sure they won't. If they say something, I'll just explain it. I'm sure they'll be fine with that.
Kyle Musca: You know, realistically as well, like if someone is going to buy, you know, something from Define and use your code, it's probably because you've posted something recently. They're not going to come onto your stuff like thing and be like, oh, cool. Like Harry's, you know, unlikely.
Harry: With the... Sorry, to go back to the how you have fitness trainer in there. I had mine on as coach. But I just don't have it visible.
Kyle Musca: Obviously, I make that visible. Do you think coach is fine or should I switch it to specifically fitness trainer? Either or is fine. I think probably fitness trainer is probably better because coach could be lifestyle coach, mindset coach, business coach. You know what I mean? Like it's... It doesn't really help. I also think what you... What you choose to put there might possibly sway the algorithm for who it will show your content to, potentially. I would probably... Perfectly. Do fitness trainer, but it is up to you.
Harry: Yep. I'll do that and I'll display it on profile.
Kyle Musca: Or fitness coach or something like that.
Harry: I don't think they have fitness coach. think that's why I was always like, because I don't like the fitness trainer implies that, you know, you're an in-person  fitness trainer, which I hate that, like, people just imply that you're just that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry: But no, fitness coach. Yeah. Yeah. Fitness trainer. just check it out there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry: See, Kate has it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. And then, let's see if that updates.
Harry: So, you reckon, like, say, if I say, should I say, I help or I have helped, you know, X amount of men do, you know, gain six-pack, get a six-pack while building muscle, you know, what would you, how would you sort of look at phrasing that?
Kyle Musca: Obviously, yours is, I have helped. Yeah, I would, because, like, if you, so, the reason I have that is because if you've helped, like, want I've Here A large number of people, then that itself is a good marketing, like, lever to pull. Yeah. I would, depends, it depends how many people. For you, I would probably be like, I help men cut slash gain 10 kilos plus and get six-pack abs is probably what I would add.
Harry: Yeah, 10 kilos plus. Wait, wait, sorry, I help men cut slash gain 10 kilos plus, what would you put on the end there?
Kyle Musca: With the six-pack? And get six-pack abs. Now, if, what I would do there is if you want to add something else, what you could do, because a really great sort of like line or headline or hook or whatever you want to call it, or bold promise, is goal without struggle. So I help, you know, I help men cut or gain 10 kilos and get six-pack abs without, you know, restrictive diets or something like that. So if you're going to do that, though.
Harry: while still in. Enjoying life. I mean, that's genuinely what I like to strive for, but is that too vague?
Kyle Musca: So the two things I would do is either without pain, because pain's a stronger driver, or to achieve goal outcomes. So, for example, you know, get six-pack abs very off the top of my head so you can take your shirt off and feel confident at the beach. Obviously, you probably wouldn't put that in your caption, but as a very general example.
Harry: But, for example, you might do something like Aaron's done here, where it's dropped a line without making unnecessary sacrifices. Yeah, I like that.
Kyle Musca: You know, without giving up your... So something I would say is, like, without super-restricted diets, or living off rabbit food, or giving up your social life, or whatever.
Harry: Yeah, without giving up your social life, because I think that's actually something I'm quite big on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, yeah. So, depending on how much space it takes up, you know, without giving up your social life or hating everything. Again. Again. You can play around with it. Now, what I would do from that point there. Actually, that's a good example. See how currently it's like this? See all these different profile pictures?
Harry: Yours is hard to see in that. It's harder to see, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Now, if you're going to have these in there, you can definitely have it in there, but I would just have it at the very bottom.
Harry: I mean, I can, yeah, I can get rid of that. I'm trying to think, like, I was just going to chuck a little target emoji after, like, help men cut gain 10 plus kilograms and get a six pack, and then next time without giving up your social life. Oh, yeah, just put a little, like, nodding emoji. If I take out, I'm just going to see what it looks like to take out the... Apply here. We should update more. Gee, if you refresh it, bro, see if it's still working.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you might, again, it is completely up to you. If it was me, I'd probably put the emojis at the start.
Harry: At the start?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just so you see how that stands out a little bit more.
Harry: Yeah. I just feel like sometimes it looks a bit goofy, like it looks unprofessional. Like it just, that's like, you know, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: It is completely up to you at the end of the day. I mean, it's not going to make the world of a difference. It should just be easy to read and understand.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like that's still easy. Yeah. Apply here. Perfect. Moves us on to the next thing. Ready? So, which is the thing. What I would do if I was you personally, if you're not, see again, it's very, very unlikely that people are coming through your page and, you know, actually clicking on these and go. Going through to the whatever it is and buying. Like they're probably, if they were going to buy, they're probably going to go to the Fathom's website and then be like, oh, , Harry has a code.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what I would personally recommend doing here is ripping all of this stuff out. And if you're going to rip all that stuff out is just take the URL of the type form and just chuck it straight in there as that link. So the only place they can go is the coaching application.
Harry: Okay, so if I go.
Kyle Musca: Now, the reason we're doing here, again, is just to avoid distraction, right?
Harry: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: People have very short attention spans. If they, you know, divert from the task, which is filling out the application form, which is what we want, we've lost them, they're not going to come back.
Harry: Yep, little things like that. So I've just updated it now. It yeah, it should now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, sweet, that was fast, that was nice.
Harry: Now, this one I just literally, I worked with, I just sat in on some of Cam Gilfillan's  stuff and made it from what he said there, but I'm absolutely, if you want to change things, absolutely happy to adjust things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, okay, so it's not awful. One thing I'm not a huge fan of is us. asking too many of these questions. To be honest, I didn't even ask any. Because all we're trying to do here is contact information. Because we're going to find out when we contact them, if they're trying to gain fat, lose fat, gain muscle, all that . We're going to figure out if they're an intermediate and stuff, how many times a week do you currently train? Again, that's not super necessary information for us to know now, right? Yeah, of course. It's just adding a level of friction. Now, so for example, mine, which I still need to just remove that completely, is literally just this. Full name, email, phone number, country, age, current work situation.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right?
Harry: Would you recommend using JotForm or type, you know, is there a difference that...
Kyle Musca: Both are pretty similar. Yeah.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Both are similar. Both are fine. Now, what I'm trying to do here... is just get their contact information. How do I contact you? What country are in? So I get obviously a lot of US and Australians, so that's why I have country. If you don't get a lot of US people, then don't add country.
Harry: There's like 25% of my following is American, but I've had very few actually apply.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, you'll see that in the phone number, to be honest, for the most part.
Harry: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I was like, you probably don't need to do that. For this, I just added, oh, sorry, this is the other reason I added this, right? because I've got conditional logic.
Harry: Do vet them as well?
Kyle Musca: Nah, so I've got conditional logic on this. So if they click Australian and working full-time, they go to my Australian booking calendar. They click US, they go to my, so that's a little bit more complicated. I would, so for you, I would remove country.
Harry: Do you get a lot of underage guys? I get a lot of young lads, but not many that are under 18. Oh, actually, no, never.
Kyle Musca: Really?
Harry: Yeah. Young lads.
Kyle Musca: I'll get a fair few to 18, 19, but a little bit of money. Essentially, the way a funnel works, man, is every question we ask, every message we send, every click they have to take is adding an extra level of friction in, right? Yeah. Now, obviously, the more friction we add in, the less volume that we'll get. But in saying this, that doesn't mean that friction is necessarily bad if it's the right type of friction. Because then you're faced with, you know, just because you get a ton of volume doesn't mean that ton of quality volume, right? Yeah. You want to add friction in to qualify who we should be talking to. So what I would personally recommend doing is just full name, email. I mean, you don't technically even need their email, but it's wise to get their email. Phone number. For you at age, because it's as easy as just doing 24, right?
Harry: It's not  hard to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, course. And then we want our software. Financial qualifier, which I don't think you currently have, is, so for me, I always do current work situation.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: For, actually, so because I have conditional logic on this, I have to do a drop-down. For you, I would probably just put occupation.
Harry: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And let them input it, essentially.
Harry: Yeah, yeah. Is it, would it be worth doing, because I'm happy to set up, obviously, like, something like if I was getting American guys come through, I'm happy to set up a call. Or, like, I've got the, what's it called,  Calendly that I could set up into the, later in the evening or early morning.
Kyle Musca: Let's just, for right now, let's just keep it simple. And we can just add things in if we need to. Like, if you do get a lot of US inquiry and it makes sense for us to add into, into that, then fair. Now, the other thing I would recommend getting rid of for yours, so I wouldn't even ask those first three questions. I would just do name. Name. My phone number, I would remove Instagram handle. Now, the reason for this is because most people don't know their Instagram handle, especially if they're not using it very often. You know what mean?
Harry: Right. So they'd have to refer back and then they'd get lost and then they'd  it off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what happens is they click out and they're like, ah, , I can't be bothered now.
Harry: Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. I didn't even think about that. Yeah. Would you recommend, I'm happy to switch to a job form. Do you think a job form is easier to look at, you know, jumps in, know, everything you've got in one page, there's no flicking through?
Kyle Musca: So this is a multi-step form, which I'm pretty sure you can set up on job form. Not 100% sure. I do like multi-step forms, to be honest. It doesn't really matter because realistically, they don't know, like you can get them to submit the form without realizing, whereas they know the entire sort of questions here before they submit, if that makes sense. Very minor details. I don't have a problem with multi-step forms at all.
Harry: Yeah. Okay. So just keep, just switch it over to what we needed to say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I would remove the first three questions and I would remove Instagram handle. I would just do name, phone, name, email, phone, which should also autofill for them. Current work, a situation or occupation. And that's...
Harry: go name, email, phone.
Kyle Musca: Now, if you wanted to add a few things to give the form a little bit more juice, what I would probably do and what I do do is usually just goal and struggle. So again, could keep in the goal of fat loss, muscle gain, whatever. And you could keep in the... Which is similar to how the ManyChat is set up. But again, the only reason I'm doing the ManyChat is to... So this is goal, struggle, but the only reason I'm even asking those in general is to get their working status to see if they're qualified or not and who I should be talking to.
Harry: Right, okay. So if you were to, just so I can write it down, the questions that you would ideally have me have in my, so it would be, sorry, I'm just going to it down. So name, email, phone, occupation, and struggle or slash goal.
Kyle Musca: If you're going to do the goal and struggle, do it at the start to get them into the form a bit more.
Harry: Do you recommend just leaving it out for now and then adding that in later or is it something I should chuck in straight away?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, they're directly applying for coaching for you, right? So it's like all we need to do is get their contact information.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: See, like you needed to add it for this a little bit more, for example, because um, It's a cold audience. If they're coming through your organic thing, they're a hot audience. know exactly who you are. They know that you solved their problem. They want to work with you. They're just trying to apply.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes sense. Okay, so name, email, phone, age, occupation.
Kyle Musca: Really set. Yeah, something like that.
Harry: Cool, cool. Got it.
Kyle Musca: And that will make it really nice and simple for them to come through. So this, it seems like an easy tweak, but I've changed this for a couple of girls and it just, it's gone from zero inquiries to like 30 inquiries in a week.
Harry: Yeah, right. Just literally changing that little thing.
Kyle Musca: Obviously, like, depends on the following and the engagement and everything like that for sure. But just removing the friction, a lot of that came down to like, the goal and struggle question aren't as big of a matter. I think the Instagram one definitely is because a lot of people just don't know it and they click out and then they just don't.
Harry: That literally didn't even cross my mind. Like, I never would have thought someone.
Kyle Musca: I know that, but that makes so much sense. Yeah. And again, like, and then we just test and trial and see how we go. Like, based off this, we'll see what the response rate is like. So, for example, like, women typically is probably not as good to send them to a type form or job form or whatever, because it's harder to outreach them. You know, women don't , like, check their texts and everything like that. They're just not about that. Men, you you probably get a little bit more about it. But again, we just need to test the response of it, see how the contact is. If we do have issues, for example, where maybe you're getting a lot of US guys apply or whatever the case may be, then we can run it through. So, even there, like, if you're going to include the Instagram, then you might as well just rip the form out and then do it all through a ManyChat flow instead.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And keep them native to Instagram.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
Harry: All right, I'll just, that's bugging in there, Amy, what's what was it?
Kyle Musca: Struggling.
Harry: Oh, any better there, bro?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. That's slightly better.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Can you hear me?
Harry: Yeah, I guess. I just switched it up. I hope they make a difference.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, cool. think we're back. Cool, man. So the next part is coming into your... Yeah, you can hear me?
Harry: Yep. Yep, gotcha. Cool.
Kyle Musca: So the next part, man, is...
Harry: me... I think it just keeps dropping out a bit, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the next part is the... You can hear me? Yep. Cool. So the next part is basically the content, right? Um... Now, there's realistically five core pillars of content. I would say it's probably more so four now with how the algorithm shifted and everything like that. All right? So pull me up if I cut out and you can't hear me. The first one is the short training reels, which I'm pretty sure is like what you're already quite good at doing. Right? Yeah. They're, you know, just short using audio that's going viral between, you know, three to 15 seconds. And doing stuff like this, what you've done is fantastic where you put a lot in the caption because it means while people are reading that, that's just playing in the background. Right? Good to show off your physique. If you do it like this, it's good to get the education across. Now, on these as well, again, a lot of the times coming to get like improving that lead flow and everything like that just simply comes down to making the ask. You've delivered a lot of value here. If someone's read through all of this, right, they're probably pretty motivated, pretty keen, and pretty bold. I To you, but you just said, go build those shoulders.
Harry: There's nothing there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. All right. So one thing I would get into the habit of doing on every single post that you do is this, right? The CTA. It's like a CTA sequence. So it's a three-step thing. It's the title, right? The big, tangible, bold outcome, goal, whatever, promise.
Harry: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And then the actual CTA. Like if you're keen, go apply for coaching.
Harry: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Right? Yep. Now with the titles, man, we want, we want these to stand out now. So very much get into the habit of doing these with the emojis, right? Because if you've got, especially a very large textbook, like you've got here, if you just added like, go apply, you know, go apply for coaching, or if you can, even if you added everything there that I did just without it, it just blends in too much. And it just gets like missed way too often.
Harry: Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. Right? So you don't have to use those emojis, but use emojis. That stand out. I mean, I do everything in caps, but you can see how that very clearly stands out to the rest of the text, right?
Harry: Yeah. Well, for myself, what would you recommend? you just have one that you put in every single time that's the same like that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. For me, it's just rinse and breathe. Like I changed the wording and stuff based off what the video is about. But for me, it's rinse and breathe.
Harry: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Again, bold promises. I'm tangible. I hope you cut 10 kilos of fat over the next 90 days without restrictive diets or living in the gym.
Harry: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Want to make a real change? You know, sometimes I'll just say cut fat, build muscle, become literally unrecognizable. Usually, I like to get a bit tangible.
Harry: When you're with Co-Apply for Coaching, you don't ever say like, you know, link in bio or anything like what?
Kyle Musca: So, link in bio, I would avoid because like there was that whole OnlyFans thing and then like it picked up link in bio as like a... You know, not a good thing. Also, I would avoid any terminology that directs people away from Instagram's app because they very likely have stuff that picks up on that. And their whole goal of Instagram's whole purpose is to try and retain your attention on the app, on the platform for as long as possible. So they're not going to like you if you're going to tell people to, like, go off the app and, you know, click on links and  like that. So what I'd say is I'd say go apply for coaching now. You could say go apply for coaching via my profile.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, something like that, which I'd probably, yeah, but, yeah, right, cool.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: So you've already got these down pat. I'm not going to spend very much time on them.
Harry: I'm going to post it again. just literally just haven't posted.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, the other, yeah, absolutely. The other issue with these men is, like, they're great to show off your physique and they can be really good for engagement. And everything like that, but they're not great at, one, being memorable, and two, converting, right? Because otherwise, like you just kind of keep scrolling and people just don't think about it twice, right?
Harry: Yep.
Kyle Musca: So that brings us on to our second type. Now, talking to camera, I wouldn't necessarily even do right now, right? Because one, and I'll explain the main reason in second, but one is it takes time and you kind of have to be, the authority in the space already to do it. So, for example, who does these well? ChiroP Wellness, right?
Harry: Yeah, was literally going to say that, yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But people only like watch, you know, him because he's already so well-known for this kind of guy.
Harry: Of course.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Don't get me wrong. It's great to, you know, you can definitely trial him because, and I would recommend playing around with different types of content to see what you like best and everything like that. Do think it's worth throwing some up?
Harry: In, like, trial reels section, Mike?
Kyle Musca: I don't think trial reels is as potent as it used to be. And to be honest, like, if you're going to make the content, you just post it on your feed.
Harry: can just post it, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, worst case comes worse, it doesn't do well and nobody sees it. But who cares because nobody sees it.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I've found, like, certain accounts will just favor certain types of content. Now, whether that's maybe your audience just, you know,  with a certain type of content you put out a little bit more, or whether the account sort of learns the type of content that, and it gets used to content that you put out, so it pushes that type of content more, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whatever it is, it just seems that some accounts favor some types of content over there, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, what I would recommend doing with, especially, like, if you are going to branch out and try some of these other pieces of content, is go find a create, or go find three to five creators that do that content really, really well and use them as inspiration. Don't just try and, like, sort of sit there and come. Come up with your own ideas because there's just no point in doing that if there's already someone who's sort of cracked the code and does it really, really well. You might as well go and see what makes that thing do really, really well.
Harry: Would you have any recommendations in my niche or like where I am?
Kyle Musca: So for talking ahead, I think it doesn't necessarily even need to be in your niche, right? Because you just take the concepts and apply it. So for example, HireUp Wellness is obviously really good at this. Now, what I would do to, and I'll show you another one, a couple in a second, but what I would do is come into the Reels tab and then just scroll through and find outliers of ones that have done really, really well, right? So this is a podcast one. I'm not going to click on that one, but that, for example, would grab my attention because I could have no. So for example, this one got 301K. I just ran 20 miles and as it usually does, it sucked. But I had a conversation with this guy, Tommy, I was running with today. About the importance of stress being manufactured so that when... So, for example, you know what mean? I just woke up at 5 a.m. to go to a gym session, and as usual, it sucked. You what mean? You just take the hook and apply it to yourself.
Harry: Yeah, I think I've got you now. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I've got you now. Sorry, it just cut out.
Kyle Musca: That's very good. Did you hear that?
Harry: You said apply the hook.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just take the concept of the hook and apply it to Right. And then, you know, you might listen to how he goes on the rest of video. One thing I'd really, really recommend you getting used to, man, is taking your... Can you hear me? Yeah. Taking yourself out of the mindset of a consumer and putting it into the mindset of a producer. You know what mean? So when you, you know, if you are sort of doom scrolling your own Instagram, whatever, right? Really start to break down what makes a video do well. You know, break down the hook, break down the angle, break down the title. You know what mean? Like once you, I would almost say overanalyze it and rewatch it multiple times and focus on different things. Break down his tonality. How fast paced is he talking? What is his background? You know what I mean? Yeah. And when you do that really well, it obviously allows you to apply it to you, right? So that one, coming down to even this one, good engagement. Just a general reminder for those of you out there watching, if you live every day with a true sense of humility about you and treat everybody you come in contact with, with kindness and treat them as if they know something that you don't, because they probably do, and lead with a servant. Also take it with nuance. So I wouldn't replicate that myself because the only people, the only reason I think that would have done well is because again, people already know him. Yeah, of course. You know what I mean? So easy tip for getting lean. If you want to get lean or stay lean and you're struggling to do so, front load your protein. Goal without, notice that, goal without struggle.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you want to get lean, but you're struggling to do so. Yeah. This is one of the simplest ways to stay in a calorie deficit and remain comfortable while you do it. It works whether you follow an intermittent fasting approach or you eat five meals a day. Now he's moving as well. So that's a part of a visual hook, not a hook, but a visual aspect of the video.
Harry: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep. All right. Yep. So again, you know, you could apply that to, again, rewatch all your baddies. Listen up. If you want to get lean. Or stay lean and you're struggling to do so, front-load your protein. If you're looking to stack on lean quality muscle mass, but you're struggling to do so, eat first thing in the morning off the top line. Yeah, yeah. You know what mean?
Harry: Yeah, I think that's actually a good one. A of people skip breakfast when they shouldn't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. You know what mean? Like, just apply it to your niche and your person. Again, don't over-niche, but you're going to be only talking to men, so you might as well use those things.
Harry: Like, if you're a dude or if you're a guy, you know what mean? Do you have any other, you know, maybe for the workout videos or any of the other stuff that I sort of post, do you have any recommendations on people to have a look at?
Kyle Musca: So, yes.
Harry: The stuff that goes the best for me has usually been, like, a workout, and it's usually had in some capacity, like my physique at the start or at the end showing that. I know who you're talking about. She's a  beast.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I know, but she's not coming up, so I wonder if something happened with her account. Maybe it did. Okay, well, that takes that out.
Harry: Who... It'd be on Alex's account, wouldn't it?
Kyle Musca: Maybe. We'll come... So Sam Millsap, I don't know, you probably, you might have seen him.
Harry: Oh, I've seen some of his stuff, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So he does a good mix of both, right? So he'll do those sort of trendier, shorter reel type things. Probably not as similar to your workout ones. Actually, I know who would be a good idea for that. I'll come back to it in a second. He also does good talking ones. Now, doesn't get the views. He gets... He used to get, but even something like that, you know what mean? You know what I mean? Like a lot of these short, trendy audio ones, like they're just, they're just that, you know what mean?
Harry: They're they're not anything. You know, always having a call to action at the end, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know, in the  caption. Yeah. So I think this is where he's talking. Everybody wants to talk about the side effects of Petsize. Oh, what if you get side effects? Bro, what if you got jacked and shredded this summer? What if you could actually... Oh, can you, can you hear me? Can you hear me? Yeah. We're good. I got you.
Harry: No, sorry. It's  .
Kyle Musca: I heard.
Harry: And I think, yeah, I think, yeah, I think I got you now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I just think it's a little bit, so again, and really analyze when something has been rinsed and repeated. So you can see this one did 90K, this one did 54K, but it's the same setup. And this is what I mean by taking yourself out of the consumer and putting it to the producer. What he's done here is he set his camera up in the gym. This is a visual hook of him because people will be scrolling. One thing I very much have very much noticed, man, is the more authentic and, like, almost iPhone quality you can make something, the better it will perform. Because if it's too high quality, people might see it, instantly think it's an ad, and keep scrolling.
Harry: Okay. That's true, but it's actually an ad. It catches you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it just looks too high quality. Now, if you're going to show off your physique and stuff in, you know, maybe the videos that you do, obviously having high quality. It's not a bad thing. But if you're going to talk to the camera specifically, think definitely have an iPhone quality. So a lot of people have been asking me, what is my stack? What am I taking right now? I'm going to run you guys through my exact peptide stack and what I'm taking to be shredded, jacked, and tanned this summer, okay? Yeah, I mean, so I don't know if you're talk about gear and  on here.
Harry: Yeah, I haven't decided whether I am yet or not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean, like, it's completely up to you, again, how you want to go about it. But you can even take that, like, you know, yeah, I'll getting a lot of comments. Oh, can you hear me?
Harry: Oh, sorry, bro, I just lost you at the end there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Hold on. Yeah, so can you hear me?
Harry: I can think, bro.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry, bro, I just, I can see you now and I can hear you now, I think. So, mean, like, the biggest thing for this one more so is, like, how... He set up the camera and how he walks back, right? Yeah. A lot of dudes have been asking me how I'm able to stay, you know, jacked and lean at the same time. Obviously, putting you on a wedding. I'm going to put you on. And then, yeah. Again, obviously, that's a little bit rage-baity because if go and talk about , you know, sleep and protein and  like that.
Harry: But a little bit of rage-baity.
Kyle Musca: Absolutely. Being polarizing is definitely a really, really important thing to take into content. I'm not going to spend more time than I wanted to on those, to be honest. Because talking to head camera, in my opinion, you might as well just leverage reaction videos better and do the same thing, right? Now, the reason reaction videos do so well, and this is probably the best type of content to do at the moment. Instagram really, really favors it. The reason it does so, and this is like all I do on my content. I love it because it's  super easy to make. I can sit down in like a two-hour period. period. And I can bump out almost two weeks worth of content in that go, right? So like once you get good at it, it's  fantastic. Now, also, are you editing your videos in edits?
Harry: Yes, mostly, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yes. So edit and post through edits because, yeah, it's Instagram's own app. So it's going to reward you for doing it, right? Yeah. Now, one thing I've, there's different ways you can go about reaction videos and everything like that, right? There's a lot of different ways. One thing I've skewed away from, I don't think you're going to probably go down this route anyway, but just for the sake of it, make sure you think about how people will perceive you when you do the type of content. So for example, one thing I would do is not all the time, like I've always, I've always mixed in different types of content, but I would do sort of funnier reaction ones because I knew that would go really viral and get a lot of views, which they absolutely do. But the issue is, if people see you as more of a comedian. You know, can be. Or like a joker or whatever the . They don't see you as a coach as much, right? Now, the reaction videos work really well for a couple of reasons. One, they leverage a video that you know has already gone viral, right? If it's got tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of likes, then you know that people are already very interested in that video, right? The second thing is that it allows you to go and move into a talking point that you want to talk about. And that's what I'm doing a lot more recently is being more sort of – oh, sorry. The other thing as well is there would be a law of association attached with it. Like if you're always reviewing, you know, for example, something I do quite a lot is these types of transformations. If you're always reviewing these types of transformations, by association, people will start to think of you as the guy that is always reacting to transformations and therefore the guy that's really good at getting transformations.
Harry: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: What I mean, like here's a really good example. A of that is I don't follow him, but you've probably seen him. The Booty's by Jackson, right? All he does is react to different, you know, booty  videos and  like that.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? They do really well. They get the attention, everything like that. But now you just know him as the guy that's, you know, all about building  booties and .
Harry: You know what I mean? Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: His real feed would be  crazy.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, if you're going to get into the reaction side of videos, which I definitely think you should dabble in, man. You can't do it on the laptop, but on the phone, whenever you see a piece of content that you like regardless and you want to see more of it, there's two things you do. Click the three little dots. It doesn't do it on the laptop, but you'll see an interested and not interested. Right? Click interested and it will just . can spam you with those types of videos, right? You have so many of them. The other thing you can do is when you go into your Reels sort of tab on your phone, at the top, there'll be the sort of like different bars and you can put in your actual interest to what you want Instagram to show you essentially.
Harry: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You can say like fitness content, can say transformation, stuff like that, whatever. Now, I found that helped a little bit, but definitely clicking the interested thing when a video that I actually like came out was like way  better. Like after that, it just got so many  Reels that I could, I can't even react to it was enough of it, like, you know what I mean?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So there's that. Now, again, it very much depends on what you're coming for, like what angle you're coming from. But these are the types of videos I'm sort of focusing on, transformations, encouragement as well, if like they are fat. I'm very also very polarizing. So I'll call someone out for being fat if they've got like fat habits. But if they're overweight and they're trying to benefit themselves, then I'll be very encouraging them because that's just my personal belief, right? Yeah. I already know that most people aren't ready for this conversation, but if you want to legitimately change your life, then you need to make massive and immediate change today. See, you've been sold the fact that it's all about balance. And while that's true to a degree, it doesn't mean you can keep doing all the things that got you fat in the first place. What, you think you can save some motivational reels and then go back to living like  and expect anything to change? No, you need to stop thinking about it, get your  up, and go actually  do so. Because until you do that, you're going to continue living the life that you're currently living. So it's your choice, go get the  dog, or shut up and stop complaining. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, there was no value, like, there was value in that. There was no education. That's the other thing as well, especially like these types of reels, when you do start talking, be very, very careful not to over-educate because people are on Instagram because they're doom-scrolling and they want to  waste time. People think that they get information from Instagram. Reality is if you think you understand a concept that's usually pretty complicated, whether it's weight loss or whatever the , in a one-minute long reel, you're a bit of an idiot. And people think, yeah, like I can get my information from Instagram and stuff.
Harry: The reality is you just can't do it very well at all, right?
Kyle Musca: So don't over-educate, right? A good way to think of that is for anything that we put out for marketing terms, we want to talk about the what but not the how. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Perfect. So there's plenty of reaction. Types of videos that you can do. Sorry, plenty of people do react. Do you have any questions on any of this, by the way, before I keep moving on?
Harry: I don't think so. This thing is some of the stuff I've just never really done before. So it's just going to take a little bit of seeing how people do it and trialing and trial and error.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that's the thing, man. Play around with it. Spend the time to actually play around with it. Especially in things like edits and stuff like that. It's very easy to get discouraged because you're like, I don't have the time to figure it out. But it's like, just spend the time to figure it out and then you'll be  good.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if you have any issues or anything. Sorry, service is so slow, bro. No, you're good. If you have any issues, you're not sure about something, you can definitely feel free to ask me. All right. Now, this is the fourth type is voiceover narration type videos, which I think do do quite well if used correctly. Yeah, I've got something to go all right with that. Yeah. something, you know, Cal's, keep coming back to him. I'll go to him now. Because Cal is someone that probably has a very similar audience to yourself and probably does very similar content to you in terms of, you can see he does like a lot of the similar style of videos that you do, and they do well. But then he also does, it's going to be hard to try and find out, what I eat today. know what mean? So this isn't a voiceover, but this style of edit, you could basically put a voiceover on if you wanted to.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know mean? And it did do well. So let me try and find, he's done a voiceover before, more recently. We might just have to  raw dog this. Don't be eating the sap. This may be an unpopular opinion, but shredding fat is not hard. It's the second week of my shred, and I've already dropped three and a half kilos. Welcome to episode two of the shred series. And this week, the shreds have come out to play. It's proof that when you stitch with a plan, you get results without having to suffer. Most guys grind away for weeks and weeks without making the progress that I've made in just one week, and it's all because they don't set themselves up right in the first place. For me, this was being consistent with my off-season and making sure that I've built my calories up high. This cut phase is going to be a breeze. This may be... Now, notice how he didn't actually educate at all, besides from that point of... I can't even remember what he said, putting his calories up high or whatever. Yeah, I do have that. I heard all that. So where was that video? That was this one. This may be on. Yeah, so it gets less engagement, don't get me wrong, but that's 464 people that have liked and still 16,000 people that get to see him and his personality and everything like that, if that makes sense, and actually hear and put a voice to the name and the face. Does that make sense? Or can you hear me? Yep, yep.
Harry: Just things I've been just, yeah, yeah, I've got, sorry, Hi, bro. I've got you. I can hear you. this stupid internet. Sorry, bro. But yeah, I can hear you.
Kyle Musca: Very good. Perfect. Now, the other girls usually do voiceovers better. So people that I usually use as reference for voiceovers is like Meet Madeline. Have you seen this girl?
Harry: I haven't, no.
Kyle Musca: So she's on the Gold Coast. This one. Okay, but why did no one tell me that my dream arms were actually hidden in training shoulders? Because I avoided weight training my shoulders for probably four years. I thought it was going to make me look bulky, but it actually made my waist look smaller. And now I have like these Pilates arms that I'm obsessed with, all from actually just training shoulders. So let's go over it. This is all the workout details are going to be on the screen, but I started with a shoulder press and then this little superset look with a side raises on the cable. Be surprised if you can do more. Keep watching that, it's kind of annoying, but yeah, another girl that I think would actually be probably, if you could imitate how she does it, yeah, this chick. Now, this chick does a really, really, really good job of showing the body and the lifestyle. You with me? Yeah, so this girl does a really good job of showing the body, the lifestyle, and mixing up the types of content that we've spoken about, right? You with me?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Harry: Yeah. Hey, I got you. Sorry, bro. me. Should I? No, it's all right. I got you now.
Kyle Musca: I don't know why it's so bad. I'm literally just sitting in the same  spot. No, you're good. You're good. So yeah, this is like trendy audio type of stuff, showing off the body, whatever, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, so even with these as well, again, it's going to be a little bit different because what she does well as I've picked up is she shows off a lot of  appeal on the very first thing to get male and female attention. But then after that first sort of bit, it's all for females. So men will  off.
Harry: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, you'll notice with voiceovers specifically when they've done well, there's a lot of visual aspect and a lot of different cuts and zooms and stuff in the very first little part, right? And now everything from here will just be for the girls. So all the dudes are  up. But is it good to get that initial, like, particular reason, like just to get them in? Yeah, well, for girls specifically, but at the same time, man, like you've got a great physique,  sells, you know what mean? Dudes want to look like, you know, dudes want to have that body, like in the same aspect as her, girls want to have that body, and dudes just want to tap, you know what I mean?
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it sells, right? I'm trying to find a voiceover that she does. I made the biggest mistake in my fitness journey, and that was not knowing that there is a difference in going to the gym and living a healthy lifestyle, and actually looking like you go to the gym and live that. Yeah, so even for that, you know, like you could be like, I made the biggest mistake in my gym. Journey, whatever she  said, fitness journey.
Harry: Yep, journey, yep.
Kyle Musca: , who was that? I made the biggest mistake in my fitness journey, and that was not knowing that there is a difference in going to the gym and living a healthy lifestyle and actually looking like you go to the gym and live that lifestyle. Yeah. I made the biggest mistake in my gym journey when I didn't know that there was a difference between going to the gym and just going through the motions and going to the gym and actually putting the intensity in it or some  like that. This is very off the top of my head, but I would sit down and like, you know, rejigger it a little bit so it suits your niche.
Harry: Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: For years, I would say. Oh, I worked out five times. I made the biggest mistake in my fitness journey. See how that was even that little zoom in? You probably wouldn't realize that if you were in the consumer sort of brain, but picking apart those little things, super important because that keeps the eye engaged and keeping the eye engaged, keep the viewer engaged. And that was not knowing that there is a difference in the gym step. I don't know. know. Getting fit and looking fit is all fun games until you're in Bali, recovering from Bali-Bali, a.k.a. the worst food quizzing of your life. you know, you know, and if you do know, then I am also really sorry for you. So come spend a full day of eating with me while recovering and doing my best to feel myself properly again. Side note, everybody here is so kind. My book might be when you come to Bali, you better treat people. And with voiceovers and stuff like that as well, important to remember, don't document what you did. Tell a story, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's not like I went to the gym and then I, you know, hit chest and I hit some barbell bench press. It's like, all right, we go to the gym. First thing we're doing is, you know, barbell bench press, right? Again, very basic example.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right?
Harry: Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. The visually saying is that I don't need to be told the exact  thing that's happening. It's like create more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that's a good point you brought up. Anytime you can visually show something. On screen. Visually show it on screen. Because it's very, very hard for someone to like listen to something someone's saying while also looking at something.
Harry: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what So if you can just combine the two and make it super simple and easy to watch, then you're golden.
Harry: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So the goals are snatched waist and a core tighter than your slick back bun, but first make sure that you're neutral. You know what mean? Yeah. So the goals are broad shoulders. You know, the goals are broad shoulders, slim waist, and massive quads to give you that exercise.
Harry: Yeah. You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Again, just off the top of my head.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Does that all make sense, man?
Harry: I know we went a bit over. does. No, no, it does. It does. does. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Now the other one in this, I will send you this document. The other one in this document is the in-depth sort of coaching videos, but I don't really like these anymore. They just don't do well. Instagram doesn't like them. They just take too long to do. And then, yeah. You have to get editors and all that . It's just not worth it.
Harry: So I really just do the top four. Top four. Yep. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You've already really got the first one dialed in, which is fantastic. I, for you, would probably, I would probably only focus on three is that one you've already got dialed in, doing some reaction videos. If it's up to you, again, content has to be authentic to you. Like don't force something if you just don't want to do it. But I think it is valuable being able to get your voice and personality into your content so people can see more about who you are. And then there's the voiceover thing, which I think, you know, you're getting a lot of B-roll footage and everything like that already. You essentially just have to do a voiceover at that point.
Harry: Yep. Yep. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Harry: Not really. I just, I think now. I, you know, it's been annoying having all these things come up in the way, obviously, with traveling and then  driving and all this . So I just, I feel like I've got, you know, I know where I need to step. I just need to  do it now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that's just, yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty glad we did that in this session rather than the ad stuff, because it's like, I would rather give you the time to, you know, over this next week or so, just start pumping content again. Because that needs to be consistently, consistently there. That's our baseline to allow us to step into the ads. Right? Right.
Harry: Yeah. Is there any, is there a point of diminishing return with how many times I should try to post per day?
Kyle Musca: Like, I was just going to try to do one in the morning, one in the  evening, if I can. Yes or no. Like, there's a, there's a quality and quantity crossover, right?
Harry: And you've just got to find where that threshold is for you.
Kyle Musca: Right? So it's like, what I mean by this is like, you don't want to be posting like 10 times a day if it's like  posting. You know what mean? Of course. Because then, then people will just like instantly see your face and be like, oh,  posting. So for example, who did this? This was, like, actually Reese, which is funny enough, because I used to watch some of his content, but then he just started shitposting, like, 10 times a day, and I was just like, this is , you know, annoying. There's no value in it at all, just wasting time. On the opposite side of the spectrum, man, if you did the most highly produced  video ever, but you can only get out, like, once a month, and it's like, no one, you don't get the traction, and people don't remember you enough to actually do it.
Harry: You know, it doesn't make sense. I'm going to aim for one a day, if I go do two, that'll be  sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what you could absolutely do, like, again, it's about getting efficient with content as well. Like, it would be very, very realistic to do one, you know, either one voiceover or one reaction-style talking video, and then also a , you know, the shorter ones that you're already currently doing.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, that just sort of clock up views. Do you recommend any carousels or anything like that?
Kyle Musca: And carousel, that was the one thing we didn't cover, but I absolutely do think carousels as well. Reels and carousels are Instagram's favorite sort of things because, again, you've got to think of it from the platform. They want to keep people on as long as possible. If someone's swiping through a carousel reading, you know, that keeps them on the platform very well. Carousels are also really  good at getting social proof in as well. That's something we haven't spoken about in this session. Anytime you can get social proof in,  throw it in there. You know what I mean?
Harry: By that, what do you mean?
Kyle Musca: So, like, clients you've worked with, transformations, get it up on your story. You know, if you're doing a check-in and someone's, you know, made really good progress, someone's messaged you or, you know, saying they're loving the coaching, whatever it is, get it up in your story straight away. Don't hold it off. Don't say, like, I'll save it for later because you'll probably forget about it. Get it up in your story. If you're going to do a carousel, let's say it's like a , let's just say it's a monthly dump or something like that and it's a bit of lifestyle . But midway through, you know, maybe it's you working your laptop or, you know, client transformation or something like that. You know what I mean? mean? You're out. Thank
Harry: Yep. Yep. Got it.
Kyle Musca: Can you hear me, bro? Yeah. The only thing we didn't talk about is, like, stories and stuff like that, which, again, I don't want to keep taking up much of your time. No, that's good. So the stories and stuff, to be honest, I would think of carousels as what stories used to be in terms of, like, putting multi-sequence things up. I'll show really, really quick on this because, yeah, it's a very important part. Someone who does this really well is Matt West. Oh, . Beautiful. So I wouldn't necessarily go straight in with the kill with... The Transformation, right? Tell a bit of a story first. So, we're getting there, we're getting there, we're getting there. I'm not in reels. No, not in reels. I just haven't done one in while. So something like this, right? 11 nutrient-dense foods I eat every day. So yeah, it's not very much wording at all, including one secret item that has 80 grams of protein, only 360 calories. So again, even that's a tangible promise. 80 grams of protein, 365 calories. Anytime you can get a number in there, 11 nutrient-dense. Anytime you can get a number in there, get a number in there. Holy . I think it was different. Yeah. Apples, yada, yada, yada, whatever he's saying. Not much on-screen wording, right? It's very simple and easy to read. And yeah, coming into this one. All right. Let's see. This is a bit of a lifestyle one, so it might not have it. I don't think it has it. No. Get that. Yeah, this one. Perfect. Right. It's telling your story of his rise to coaching, I guess you'd call it. Right. training like a maniac without care. First pet, natural, got myself a mentor, yada, yada, yada. Started my first business. Here we go. Bit of social proof. Had some great times training clients. Crazy transformations even then. I've already put 100%. I always put 110% ensuring getting my clients get the best result.
Harry: I haven't ever done anything like this, you know, to show a bit of backstory as well.
Kyle Musca: Like I've, you know, that's something I could definitely do. And if you're going to do one in your backstory, I would pin it. So if we go to Adam's one here, for example, pretty sure he has it.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. When I was 18, I was told not to become a person. Personal trainer, they make no money at the time, yada, yada, yada, right? Telling a story, relatable, right, to people, social proof.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Social proof, CTA, well, our clients love, so even that's a sort of a form of social proof. And then it's CTA as well, which you might even want to do if you're going to do a pin one. Like if you want to join the team, you know, go apply for coaching or DM me something.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Now, in terms of stories, because I'm already, I've already come this far, so. This girl, Amber, does really, really good story posts and she makes the ask a lot. So you can ask a lot on your stories if you've got other  to go with it. If you're only ever asking, then it just looks like, you know, sales and marketing and . Think of it, marketing is jab. Don't Thank Jab, jab, hook. So especially with the story, so it's jab, jab, and then we're starting to, so she does like multiple sequences. So felt super inflamed and fluffy a few months ago, decided I wanted to lean up for summer. That's exactly what I did. Simple, basic approach to the current routine. We're eight kilos down. Do you want to lose weight? Social proof. So did these girls. Ask. Taking on eight girls who want to lose eight kilos in the next 12 weeks. Demi plan, I'll send you the next steps. And if you watch hers, it's very similar sequence on, on, on pretty much every, I use her as an example, because every time I come onto her page to show someone, she's always got a different CT app on a story. So, but it doesn't look like that because she surrounds it with other . You know what I mean?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, don't be afraid to ask by any means. It's usually story one, story two, which is like, she's usually telling a story or solving a problem or whatever, problem solution, whatever. Doesn't usually do this one. So. So. Social proof, ask.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Harry: This is just literally, I just need to get out of my head. I've just been, I haven't, I know this is what I need to do, but I just haven't done it because I've had this whole thing about, oh, you know, I don't want my page to become too salesy or some  ego about the actual page itself. I just need to, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but as long as you're producing the other content, you're giving the value and doing all that stuff, then it's not. If all you ever did was only put up a story where you're asking for coaching and share, then yeah, it would look like that.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? But if you've got a nicer variety of things, then it doesn't look like that. Like, and that's the other thing. I guarantee you, you'll get a lot sicker of your offer and asking a lot faster than your audience does. Right? So a good example of this is like the CEO of Pepsi was walking past the marketing department every single day. He kept seeing this banner. He's like, after two months, he's like, I'm so  sick of seeing this banner. Surely the campaign's being exhausted. And the marketing team turned around and were like, we haven't actually even.
Harry: I'm to that's Launch this yet.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? You're going to get a lot sicker of your  before other people are going to get sick of your .
Harry: Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. That makes sense. Yeah. I forget that this is, you know, everyone else is, it's that age-old thing, you know, nobody else thinks about you as much as you think about yourself.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. People, you know, it's a  little story that they're probably speed tapping through.
Harry: They're not going to know. Yeah, you're right. You're right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. again, as long as you've got the other value and stuff there as well, like you have every right to ask you. mean, you're, you're a coach at the end of the day. You know what mean? Yeah. Like, don't be afraid to scream that from  rooftops.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just need to do it. You  do it.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Any, any questions on any of that stuff?
Harry: I don't think so. I think that's pretty much covered everything that I was. Yeah. I don't think so. No, not on that stuff. My only question was just like, I think I found that the CTA that I put up with the sticker tap, I was then a little bit like. Not sure where to go with the conversation and how quick to be like, hey, let's get on a call or how, you know, explanatory to be. I think I was just a little bit unsure about that side of things as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a good question. Good question. You never want to coach in the DMs, right? So the stick tap, you just want to start conversation, but you want to, the most common thing I see wrong with Instagram DMs, especially when the coach themselves is handling it, is they speak too much. You know what mean? Because again, you got to remember every message back and forward is a point of friction, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we want to chat to them to open them up and make them feel comfortable. don't want to just go straight in for the kill, but we don't want to drag the conversation out any further because they might lose motivation, they might get busy, whatever. So I stick to goal, struggle, what do you do for work?
Harry: Let me write this  down so I'm  mad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I do have this DM script and everything like that. Which we will cover. Which Once we step into the outside of things.
Harry: okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. But for right now, just go off this sort of sequence, right? Getting their goal, you know, what are you sort of hoping to achieve, right? Yeah. Do you have a specific goal in mind with your health and fitness, whatever, right? Struggle. What's been holding you back from achieving goal? And what do you feel like you need most right now to make it happen, right? Right? Then I say, and this is important how you word this, but I say, like, where are you based and what is it you do for work, by the way? Is it highly stressed? Is it highly active or stressful, right? Yeah. Now, we're trying to frame it as, and we're asking in, you know, because we want to know if it's highly active or stressful. But realistically, we just want to see what they do for work. Are they qualified enough to get on a call?
Harry: They can qualify, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? Now, after that, you can either, I mean, if they're talking to you about, no, they're They've tapped the sticker, so they've already confirmed it, and they're a warm audience. So from there, I'd be like, awesome, bro. I couldn't do it right now, or I'm a little bit busy right now, or something like that, so you can remain them on your time. Like, you want to be the authority in the matter, in the DM setting. But how about we line up a time to jump on a call and dive into things a little bit deeper, right? So goal, struggle, soft financial qualifier, call prompt.
Harry: Would you send a, would you then send, like, your calendar link, or?
Kyle Musca: Nah. So, yeah, good question. You always manually book. If you send a link, then it becomes a little bit too formal, a little bit too salesy, and you'll see drop-off right there, right? Like, so, yeah, they confirm, cool, man. You know, what day works over the next, what day slash time works best over the next few days, and I'll see what I can do, right? And then you just line up a time, you confirm a time, and then you just ask, awesome, bro, what's the best? Email and phone to send the details through to or something like that. Or just so I can lock that in, what's the best email and phone to use?
Harry: Yeah. And would you use Google Meet?
Kyle Musca: I would, yeah. I would use Google Meet over Zoom. I use Zoom because I can't  log into my Google account for some reason. But Google Meet's easier. Like if they're on their laptop, they can just click the link.
Harry: People are more familiar with Google than Zoom. You know what I mean? Yeah. And with Fathom, would you use it with as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would probably. Fathom's free. It's a very cool tool to just take notes and everything like that.
Harry: So I would probably get it for sure.
Kyle Musca: Also, definitely, actually, yes, definitely. So if we need to review your calls for sales, training and everything like that, yes.
Harry: Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. I just need it. I know like it's just like I know exactly what I need to do to get the traction, to get everything happening again. I just, I need to  just do it.
Kyle Musca: But I'm back now with an excuse. I've just been a waste of  time. Yeah. That just comes down to an execution thing, man. And the easiest thing there is to set yourself a tangible goal. You I need to post seven times in the next seven days, for example. Yep. Yep. And then just routine it. know, like for me, every day at, which I actually haven't done today, but every day at 1.15 p.m., I make sure I make a post.
Harry: Yeah. Is there any, it doesn't matter what time, you know, in the evening, in the morning?
Kyle Musca: It's not meant to, but I find for me like 4.15 p.m. Queensland time is usually when my videos do well, but whether that's just  random and psychological, super logical, super whatever, I don't think it does. But play around with it and see.
Harry: Yeah. Okay. I'll have a little mess around and see what does best.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Check your insights as well to see when your audience is active and post before that time as well.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Anything else you want to cover, Matt?
Harry: I think that's like, you've laid it all out in front of me. I think it's just now I just need to put it into action.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Awesome, bro. All right. Well, Yeah, if you do have any questions on it, just let me know. Otherwise, should be good.
Harry: Appreciate it, bro. Awesome. And you flicked through that. Yeah, sorry, actually, I saw it come through the content stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Awesome, All right, well, enjoy your weekend. And yeah, let me know if you run into any issues.
Harry: Thanks, bro. Thanks for moving around the call for me. I appreciate it. Nah, you're a good man. All right. Easy, bro. Talk soon. See you, Bye.


>>> 163/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-15T04:59:05Z | id:138066909
People: Kyle Musca

Ben Moore: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro. How going?
Ben Moore: Hey, Legend. What's happening?
Kyle Musca: Not too much, man. Just working away.
Ben Moore: How about yourself? Mate, busy. It's been  nuts this week, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what I like to hear.
Ben Moore: In a good way? Yeah, a bit of both. A bit of both. Our little one's going through like a three or four-month regression, so like waking up like crazy amount of  time. So I think it just makes the day feel harder than what it actually is. But no, mate, it's just been like calls, busy, coming back from holidays, just kind of getting back in routine this week. So, yeah, it's just been active.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful, man. Beautiful. Okay, sweet. So I guess in this session, we're just going to make sure that things are ready to go for the ads and everything like that.
Ben Moore: Has Michael gone back to you? Mate, he literally, five minutes before we jumped on our call set, everything's set up and ready to go.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So we'll make sure that's all set up. And then we'll see how much time we've got left and we might cover some other things. We'll go through the basics though first. How many calls have you had this week?
Ben Moore: This week, I can tell you exactly, give me two seconds. We'll get it up on the sheet. It'll be about 18.
Kyle Musca: Oh, . Okay.
Ben Moore: So 18 calls this week and then I think total booked. Yeah, total booked was 18 and then we're still at Fathom tomorrow. But yeah, total booked 18 this week so far.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Nice. All organically, obviously. Yeah. How many have you taken?
Ben Moore: How many have you closed? 50%. So we've still got, let me double check the calendar tomorrow. So we've got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: So still about half the calls tomorrow, just in tomorrow.
Ben Moore: But I've the other half of them and closed all tracking, two seconds, I've got all this stuff on the sheet, and we've closed this week 50%. So we've had one, two, actually no, this week we've only closed two so far.
Kyle Musca: So for the month, 50%. Yeah, still plenty tomorrow, which is sweet. Making me jealous with the monster, I can't get them here.
Ben Moore: What do say, sorry?
Kyle Musca: Making me jealous with the monster, I can't get them here.
Ben Moore: Oh, I've got a  box for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, it's . I can't get any, like, ghosts or anything. I'm just like, oh, I've to rely on the Red Bulls to get me through.
Ben Moore: They're just , Red Bull.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I know, but, yeah, desperate times. Cool, bro. All right, so we'll dive into things. Now, I got my media by, I haven't actually been able to check, but he should have set up the campaign, so we'll have a look at that. We'll just have a look at the mini chat real quick. All Make sure that cap is added. Have we spoken about the fat loss lead bang?
Ben Moore: I've sent a message about it. Yeah, we had a little small combo, and I think we said, we'll set up these ads and stuff first, and then we'll start building that out. That'll be like our next call to action once we get a few winning ads. We'll start building the other  out and just start pumping that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect, perfect. Now, on these as well, just quickly, are these three different videos or just three different hooks?
Ben Moore: Three different hooks. pretty much, oh, different, slightly different editing, but yeah, three different hooks, essentially.
Kyle Musca: Keep, when we create the videos, try and add these in here because, I mean, they were doing well. So we'll even add them in there. So just so you know where I'm at. With the scripts and everything like that, bringing in this copywriter, who's actually shown, like, very, very promising. I'm just sort of training him up, hence why it's been a little bit, like, longer than usually I get them back way quicker.
Ben Moore: That's right, the address.
Kyle Musca: I've made it very clear to him that we need to get back quicker, but I want to make sure he does them right first. I've been going through them and basically rewriting the whole thing, just to make sure it's done properly. But, so, basically, we've got the scripts pretty much ready. He's going to make a few little tweaks that I've added. We'll have four different hooks, man, which will essentially, from the one video, give us four different videos. We'll have three videos, so that will give us 12 in total.
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: What we'll also start doing is, again, I'm speaking to him about this to make sure, you know, all the future ones. So, as you can see, I've come through and pretty much ripped them all apart. We'll also do ones where we add features and benefits. And we'll add like a lot of social proof in it. The reason for that is because the feature benefit ones and the social proof ones, they might go for like a minute 30, minute 40, which is very long. Yes. But what we can easily do is we can just cut those parts out like quickly and like very easily just to make shorter versions and split test them. So realistically from three different whole scripts, we'll have 12 different videos considering the different hooks. And then based from that, not these ones specifically, but in future, we'll be able to pretty much double that, if not triple it. So we'll have like 24 to 36 different videos we can actually use. All right. So we split test like a .
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah. Cool. So yeah, just trying to find. And then when you kind of find a winner, do you just kind of double down on that? And then just like once that kind of ad burns out, just try to recreate that same kind of winner, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like when the. Yeah. So for mine, for example, like mine were doing too well, but I was getting too many leads.
Ben Moore: That's a good issue.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't know. I'm like booked out two weeks in advance.
Ben Moore: Oh, . I was like that with the organic stuff. I just said like KPIs, like if we hit three or five, don't try to book any more calls in otherwise.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I just told my setters like if they don't confirm, just  cancel and replace them.
Ben Moore: That's what I would've done as well.
Kyle Musca: Um, so essentially what we do is like, we, we want to use the algorithm to our advantage. Um, yeah, but we also want to have a lot of control over that as well. Cause we let meta just run with it. will  waste all that money. Yeah. So usually I do find Australia, uh, sorry, us gets better cost per lead, but like the lead quality, you know, hit miss.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, and then what will happen is we'll run a graphics and a video campaign. Uh, we're just a. See how they perform. Graphics usually come out cheaper, but, you know, videos usually have higher intent. So it just comes down to that.
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then you'll see what happens here is one will optimize, right? So there'll be a couple that depends on how much ad spend you have. If you have like, I would always recommend doing like $100 a day minimum. So usually if that happens, you know, maybe one or two will optimize. I just went straight for Australian 200 a day per campaign. And that's obviously given a lot more room to sort of spread, spread funds a little bit more. Even still, though, you can see it's only spent money on realistically these two, this one kind of, and then this one a little bit. The rest, it didn't really even need to test because it just found ones that optimized. But for example, you know, and I'm saying like, this is probably getting a little bit higher for me, considering how well the other ones are doing. It's had decent ad spend. So that's probably where I'd turn it So it redistributes that ad spend to some other ones.
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Ben Moore: And then kind of just filter out until you get the kind of best ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like if something's working, anything within $40 to $50 is like a really good cost per lead. So that's creeped a little bit high. If we didn't have anything to replace it with and we kind of just like needed to keep something up until we found something to replace it with, I'd leave it on. But, you know, it hasn't properly tested everything else and we've got, you know, better cost per leads across the board. So, yeah, I might as well just turn it off.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Perfect.
Kyle Musca: This one's higher, as you'll see, but it hasn't had enough spend for me to really make that decision. It's not a good sign, but, you know, if it spends more and that doesn't improve, I'll just turn it off as well.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. Because I've seen ads do that exactly where they'll start high and they'll end up being like one of your best ads sometimes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, again, the system itself needs to be able to test and that's essentially what the campaign is. The campaign is like one big pool. And it'll like test and optimize to try and find who the right person is that's responding properly to these. You know you're doing it well when, you know, the result to the lead is, you know, within a 2x.
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So like you can see that's, you know, $9, that's $19, it's roughly 2x.
Ben Moore: a little bit over. Yeah, I see what you're saying. So the cost per message and then the lead at the other end that goes through the system, it should be around 2, 2.5x kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: With nuance, you know what mean? Like if this was, you know, let's say $10, again, as long as the leads, if a lead was $40, would technically be 4x, but that's still a good campaign. It's still a good ad, you know what mean?
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Cool. So, yeah, it doesn't look like he's gotten it up yet, but that's okay.
Ben Moore: He should do it very, very soon. Yep. Yeah, cool. Because our big focus is obviously that cost per lead, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. The cost per result means Yeah, that's, yeah, that's what we've always gone on, it's just so inaccurate. Yeah, like it's, yeah, especially if you get, like, if you get, you know, it could, so for example, what happens really commonly is you can get hooked on a bunch of Indians and you cost her per result of like five bucks. It's like none of those  people are buying.
Ben Moore: Yeah, , the old Indians.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so he's come in and he's added the conversion API back into it, which is fantastic. That should pull the leads through how we want.
Ben Moore: I've essentially kept it the same. The thing I changed was the names and photos and obviously the keywords. pretty much ran the same automated thing. It's pretty well written out, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, it doesn't need too much changing at all. Then what you might want to do is just to keep it nice and clean, come delete all the ones that you don't want to use.
Ben Moore: I've already done that. They're spot on. They're the exact ones we'll have.
Kyle Musca: Oh, perfect, perfect. Okay, in that case, we just need to turn them off.
Ben Moore: Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: And then just be real cautious of this because like if we, you'll probably use, especially with this many, you'll probably use the same trigger words, you know, over and over again. If we add new ones, just obviously make sure to, you know, come in and add this because if you don't add it, then it won't pull leads through. Which, you know, is obviously not great.
Ben Moore: Excuse the data. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Sweet. Any, any questions on any of the ads or the ManyChat stuff?
Ben Moore: No, not really. It's all pretty like, pretty straightforward. I think now it's just like, like I said to you, I'm pretty ready to start like cranking, cranking and just kind of getting the, the calendar starting to , well, build out, guess, is probably the big thing. I'll have to talk to you too. I don't know. We're kind of doing, I'm kind of maxed out with like what I can do coaching wise and call. So if, oh, not that that probably makes sense, but so I can probably only take really like 20, 25 calls a week. That's being like back-to-back-to-back, just really like doing check-ins and a few other things, obviously client stuff. So I guess I kind of want to keep it obviously pumping at that, but I kind of will probably have to look at maybe talking to you about what the next steps are. Because it's like for us to do say 30, 50, you know, 60 calls a week, I  physically cannot in my calendar with like making sure clients are getting the results and, you know, I'm able to get back to their messages until we get another coach on. So yeah, I want to kind of work out how to do that because last time we had a closer on, we probably didn't have good systems to be honest. We kind of just were, yeah, we didn't really set it up very well. So we lost a lot of like cash and calls just because people get like, not upset though. Like, oh, I thought I was sitting down with you and the way we're wording things and stuff. So I kind of wanted to... We'll get all this stuff up and running, and then once it starts getting busy for, say, a month or so, I'll talk to you about what we need to do on the back end to kind of get that system kind of looking okay so people are expecting to jump on a call with someone else. I'll still jump on a couple of calls a week, happy to do that for a while until we build everything out, but how that will all look to make sure it all works properly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for sure. There's a few things that go into that. So one is, like, your closer. A closer is going to be the hardest hire you make in the business. Like, a lot of, because, like, salespeople are just very money-hungry, you know what mean? They come in with zero experience, and it's so, it  does my head in. Zero experience, and they're like, yeah, I want to make 10 grand a month. Which means they have to be selling 100 grand a month, which is definitely possible. Yeah. But it's like, you know, in sales, you're only, you're worth as much as you can sell, you know what mean? Yeah. And a lot of them just  don't understand. Like, don't, yeah, just, because... Again, in the sales industry, they're sold that, yeah, you can just come to high-ticket sales and live anywhere in the world and work three hours a day and  make 10 grand a month. Yeah, it's complete . So it's a hard hire just because, one, the skill level is usually not there. Like sales is a skill at the end of the day. A lot of people just aren't good at it. And two, they're usually very, very greedy and always like chasing the carrot. So you've got to be very cautious about hiring a closer. We can absolutely look at doing that when the time is right. What I would recommend you doing is not necessarily looking to shift out of the closing seat, like, faster than getting out of the coaching seat.
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, free up your time there just so you focus heavily. Because, again, your ultimate goal is to take yourself out of working in the business and focus, like, 80% of your time working on the business.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Your primary focus should just be sales and marketing. Yeah. Yeah, then it's, like, one, you keep really, really, like, profitable then because, like, as soon as you hire a closer, they're taking, you know, you. Thank 10% commissions and stuff like that. If you're getting the lead volume, then yes, it's worth it. But it's like, you know, if you can take the calls, you might as well. It makes you a lot more profit focused. And then what I would do is like, if you're getting excess calls on top of that, then I would recommend even bringing a closer to take those excess calls, but you still remain in the seat for as long as possible. Again, this depends on what you really want to do because for someone like, you know, myself, like I've got the lead volume and everything like that. And I've got a lot of other work and  that I'm doing that it doesn't really make sense. I could definitely take sales calls and stuff like that, but my time is just better spent really driving the business forward with marketing, if that makes sense. And I think you could easily get there as well. It's just, I wouldn't get into the mindset of let me get out of the sales seat as quick as possible because that's probably the hardest transition to do. Hiring a coach is way  easier. The other thing is with you being the person, You know, in the sales seat, all your conversion metrics are going to go up. You know, your show-up rate is going to be better. Your close rate is going to be better because you're the face of the business. And you're going to have that star power as well. Just by getting on the call, I'm sure you've probably experienced it. People are like, wow, I didn't realize I'd actually be speaking to you.
Ben Moore: Yeah, all the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you will have that star power, which would just mean that your close rate will be higher from that. But I do have it in this script.
Ben Moore: You've got the DM setting script, hey? Yeah, so it's all in there. That's cool. Yeah, I thought that was going to be the step. And I want to double-check because it's not – I really enjoy sales and I really enjoy the sales calls. It's not something I'm wanting to get rid of yet. But I guess that was the kind of question was where do I free up my time so I can get, you know, most of my Monday, most of my Friday back when I'm doing check-ins. And again, that would be getting obviously a coach.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And you just sell as a two-coaching system and, you know, your life just, you know, frees up massively there.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's awesome.
Kyle Musca: Um, and – – At the end of the day, you're always the captain of the ship. The biggest thing with like lead, sorry, with, you know, hiring a coach, hiring clothes, the same concept, is just lead volume.
Ben Moore: You if you've got proof of concept there, it's like pull the trigger on it. Yeah, yeah, that's exactly what I want to get first because last time we probably jumped, we probably had one month, oh, we had a  nuts month and it was hectic. I was like, , I need someone. And then it got really quiet. And then we were trying to, we were changing directions anyway with the business. But yeah, it kind of  us a little bit. had a really like slow end of the year because of, yeah, we're we're getting no shows. We'd have like 20, 30 book calls in a week for the closer and then, you know, five would show up. We just couldn't figure out what was going on. But yeah, it'd just be, we transitioned like in a week or two and then, yeah, just systems weren't there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Not perfect, but we can look at fixing that this time around. Do you have go high level?
Ben Moore: We spoke about this last week, eh? Yeah, I do. I have everything through GHL.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, you got it all set up and everything?
Ben Moore: Yeah, I haven't got the... Calls done yet. I'm still, I just got to figure ahead. I'm just syncing my calendar across now, just making sure it's, that the setter can set it up. So hopefully that'll be done this week. And then she can manually put it in because yeah, that'd be  awesome.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's so much easier, especially once you start, because you'll see here, I have three different calendars. I don't really take any calls in this. So this is like all of Tommy's calls, for example. And then this is all of Ida's US calls, for example. So just easy to see all in one place. And then, yeah, the SMS and automations that go out from that as well, just make your life a lot easier.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. We pretty much do the same thing because you can see all the same dashboard through Calendly. But yeah, like you said, it's , I'm spending like, what, 60 bucks on Calendly a month when I could just even put back into ads, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then once someone books a call, they're just automatically in your CRM. You don't have to do any conversions or anything like that. It's just an all-in-one system. Yeah. Kind of. It's not bad by any means, but this is probably easier once you get it set up, and especially once you have setters and stuff like that, because calendars, from what I remember, it's  annoying to have other people in the account, and they want you to buy extra seats and everything like that, whereas this, just hire a staff, add them in there, they can come in, book calendars and all that pretty easily.
Ben Moore: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Do you have any questions on the go-high-level side of things while we're on that?
Ben Moore: No, I just literally got it on my whiteboard to do this week or first thing early next week, because we've actually, that tech guy I telling you about that we had in the company, I've just gone, I haven't let him go, but I've just told him that, like, because he set everything up now, we don't need as much work from him, so he's going to be jumping back a fair bit, but he set up all the cross-automations with, like, bots and , so all the information that comes from currently goes to go high-level, so, again, that'll just  save me having Nate, N-A-8, N-A-N, or whatever the  it's called, and all these other softwares, because they'll just be all in one spot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I found the simplest. You know, approach is usually the best. Like, you know, the more moving parts, the more opportunity there is for something to go wrong. Okay, cool. So the, perfect. Now, what we do is, so we've got the ads pretty much ready. They're pretty much ready to go live.
Ben Moore: You want me to launch them as soon as the campaign's ready? Yeah, man. As soon as, mate, as soon as that's all done,  get it going. I'm pretty happy to start all that stuff pumping.
Kyle Musca: Have you got the DM setters in place and everything like that?
Ben Moore: Yeah, so we've got the DM setter. I've told her she's actually away until tomorrow. So I'm going sit down with her tomorrow and just run her over that script on how, essentially, where she's coming in on the back end of that and what her role is with that. My only thing is, because she's only working an eight-hour day for us, which is sick. I want to get your thoughts on that opposing 16 hours of the day that we don't have anyone on. Would it be worth getting someone out? In that, so they're not like the leads aren't left there for so long?
Kyle Musca: Again, if you're getting the lead volume, I definitely think so. Especially if you're going to go to the US and everything like that, because it's like US or 8am, you know, Queensland, it's like 5pm US time, I think EST. So it's like, that's when you're probably more likely to get like a bulk of your messages, especially through ads is when people are on their phone more. So yeah, I would probably say, I mean, you might not necessarily have to do it straight away, but it'd be worth, you keeping your finger on the pulse to make sure that like, if it is, you know, you're getting good lead volume, then absolutely, because speed to lead is critical.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, cool. Well, she's on, on that peak time anyway, for the US, like she's on our peak times, which is like 7am, pretty much all day from 7am. She's only supposed to work 8 hours, but she works like pretty much until she goes to bed. So she's probably working a 16 hour day realistically. She just does all the outbounds and stuff that's important in the eight hours, and then we'll just do replies and stuff after. So we'll see how it goes, but there's like a heap of  falling through the cracks, and we're noticing, I reckon, that'll be the next step.
Kyle Musca: When you say a heap of  falling through the cracks, what do you mean specifically there?
Ben Moore: Like just say like that few hours that she's asleep or something, and we're getting like people, you know, they're like just ghost us after the automation there. They've gone through the lead system, and it's like, okay, we need someone there, so when that's done, they're just straight on it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, okay. Yeah, we can suss that. That reminds me. Have we gone over the CEO dashboard?
Ben Moore: Possibly, maybe.
Kyle Musca: This bad boy.
Ben Moore: Oh, yes, we have gone through this, yes. Yeah, we did go through that. Yeah, I've got all that ready to go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Okay, so we're pretty good in that regard then. The only other thing there, we've gone through the DM setting. You know what to do sort of leading up to the call in terms of the pre-call message and everything like that?
Ben Moore: Pre-call messaging, yes. Do we have, like, do you mean like automation reminders and stuff like that so they actually show up to the call?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but so you've got to have automated, you know, essentially reminders.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I would strongly encourage you to have a few personal touches as well. So, yeah. What ones do you currently have in place?
Ben Moore: So what we usually do, so we'll have the automation ones, which are right up to about an hour before, but we'll do a personal one. So usually, again, my 24-hour ones are pretty average. I usually will do one, like, the first thing in the morning when I jump on, I'll have a look at all the guys on the calls, and then I'll kind of send them a message. And then I'll do a 15 minutes before, and then I'll send them the call link five minutes before the actual call when they jump on, all done through Instagram. Just so, usually that's the contact point, and they're usually pretty good. So that's how we kind of use them. Again, organic is obviously a little bit different to ads, but we kind of sit around 75% to 85% show up rate. So it's pretty decent. But, again, if there's anything you It suggests adding in, I'm more than happy to try it out because, again, the better, the more, the better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no. So you've got, I mean, if your show up rate's 85%, that's phenomenal. Going into ads, it might drop just because there can be a colder audience as we expected. No, if that's, yeah, if you've got a good show up rate, there's no point in sort of fixing it there. The only thing that I do on top of that is the night before I get my setter to send them a message saying, you know, hey, just looking at my calendar for tomorrow, can't confirm we're good for 4 p.m. Did you get a chance to check out the video I sent above?
Ben Moore: Okay, yeah, cool. I think I might add that in. That's probably the missing piece is because, yeah, my 24-hour reminder is a pretty dog , to be honest. Like, we haven't automated one, but, again, like, you know, automation is, it's just, like, they just ignore it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And then, again, we'll see what the, what it's like in terms of the actual data once we have it. But I find if you're doubling up on it, an automated
Ben Moore: Made it in a personal reply, like cold audiences can get a little bit annoyed at it.
Kyle Musca: So what I do is basically if I'm going to send a personalized message, I just remove the automated message.
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: But again, don't change that until we actually see what the response is like from it. The day before message that the setters send as well is also good because it's like a bit of a red flag if they haven't actually replied to it. I kind of just like, then I send a voice note as well, regardless. And I basically say what to expect on the call. And like, if they haven't replied, then we'll basically ask them to confirm with me as soon as possible.
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then what I'm currently looking at doing, and again, this only really matters if you've got the lead flow, but it's like if, so for today, I've already gone through a message to all these guys on Instagram. If they haven't replied to me, I basically said like, let me know in two hours if you're still good for it.
Ben Moore: If I don't hear anything back from you, I may have to give that spot to someone else. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um. And you basically just try and move someone forward from another day.
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah, beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, man, all right, beautiful. Well, that's pretty much all we need now to do is just sort of launch the ad. So I'll get on top of my media viatic, make sure that 's all set up. Then I reckon what we do, man, is we, as soon as that's up and running, so from here, we'll get the graphics up and running. Should have the scripts hopefully done by today or tomorrow, depending on. Not the copywriter, but I've basically rewrote them all for him. So he just has to make those changes and we're good. Get them filmed. I reckon in the process of while we're doing that, man, I reckon we look at doing a bit of a lead mag for you.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Reason, again, the idea here is we just want to always be forward thinking. Like the last thing we want is to, you know, let's say put these graphics up or the videos up and they don't perform as well as we hope they will perform. And then we've got another. so We're on our back foot. So while we're getting the VO direct ads and everything like that done, I think it's probably a good time to quickly get some, you know, like lead magnet . Lead magnet is very, very easy to set up. What I personally recommend doing, I've done a few different lead mags, but the best one is something sort of informational, explaining the what, but not the how, right? So for example, Brie, my partner, she's currently running a fat loss masterclass, a 30 minute fat loss masterclass.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. Specifically for, I can't remember exactly what it was, but like women, women, I think it was just women. I don't think there was any other qualification, but women in their thirties, women 25 to 35, I'm pretty sure it was, looking to strip like six to eight or eight to 12 kilos over the next 90 days.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. And then basically we just look at, you know, doing the present. So for example, actually. We have one I did yesterday.
Ben Moore: Oh, yeah. I'll probably still have my old masterclass one there. can go in and edit anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what this is, is like, you basically just want to gear it for like, so the biggest thing with a lead magnet is it has to, again, the what, the not, the how, it has to create the gap of why coaching is needed. So, for example, I was running a lead magnet with another client I had because his direct response was doing really well. So I wanted to, like, throw something else in there. And it was a five-day workout split. And the leads and everything like that, the cost of them was, like, quite cheap. But the issue, the conversions just weren't there. And, like, it just sort of was, you know, wondering why, trying to pick it apart. And then Breeze One started doing, like, extremely, extremely well. Like, The numbers on are absolutely crazy. And, you know, it kind of clicked to me that the reason is because the split was a practical thing that they could go do, right? Which means that they, you know, why would they want to coach if they can go practically try something to solve the problem that they're having without spending money? Whereas the Fat Loss Masterclass just gives them the information and opens them up to the idea of why coaching is actually, like, necessary in order to, you know, achieve the best results possible. Plus, if they watch, you know, a 30-minute, you know, video of you breaking a topic down to do with Fat Loss, they're obviously, like, they're going to be very, very bought into, one, the idea, but also you as well.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, lead magnets also work really well because all we're trying to do is just get hand raises. So, for example, like, if I create a masterclass on how men in their 30s and 40s who are working 40, 50 hours a week can drop 10 kilos in 12 weeks or less, that anyone that clicks on this ad is a dude in his 30s or 40s who works. So, for example, I did this one on, where is it? That actually breaks it down a little bit yesterday. So three pillars. So one's structure, the second one's accountability, and the third one is, like, you know, a system that adapts to your schedule, which helps with consistency. You know, and so everything there is creating the gap of, like, why coaching is so important. And I drop things in, like...
Ben Moore: Even like that other thing, the information isn't the, isn't, I don't know what that slide was, information.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah, so you cover, you basically can objection handle with these. Yeah. Information isn't a problem.
Ben Moore: That's what it was a problem.
Kyle Musca: You know, YouTube's been around since 2005 and, you know, in the world of AI, there's never been more information yet. The world's a beast, you know what mean?
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then coming into things like this, you know, executing idea alone is about a 10% success rate. So, just saying you're going to go to the gym and lose some weight, you've got about a 10% success rate on that. Adding a structured plan to follow takes it up about 50% and then adding accountability to one another person makes it 95%. You know what mean?
Ben Moore: So, it's like that gap there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, it's like opening them to them. And then you can throw like a CTA on. End of it, like book a call. Realistically, from what I'm seeing on the Breeze side of things, it's like the conversation does this for you anyway.
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: So happy days there. Relatively easy to put together. Again, that's the one I'm trying to train the copywriter and everything like that so we can actually build these out for us.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: He did build this one for me. was like, obviously, I've trained him on this .
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah, again, if we can get him up, if I can get him up to speed, I'd be a bit of a Godspank.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Godspank is going to just pump out  volume.
Ben Moore: And that's one you can do for like a free lead magnet too. Like you just get like one of your ad steals, put it up, and then you've got people damning your word and getting the masterclass and stuff that are actually interesting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, you do just give it away as a free thing.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Oh, yeah, that's what I mean. But also to your organic audience as well as having it like paid.
Kyle Musca: Oh, 100%. 100%. That's the thing I like about. Presentations and stuff like that is because you can repurpose them for so many different things. So, for example, like, yeah, and Lead Magnus in general, like the first program I ever built, I still give away just for free, just to add value to people, you know what I mean? And then, again, this is probably not something we'll do short-term, but it's probably, you know, potentially food for thought. You can actually add this into, have you heard of a value letter before?
Ben Moore: No, not the way you've got that written out, no.
Kyle Musca: So, a value letter is basically you bring them in on something that's free or very low cost, and you continuously bring them up the ladder with higher-cost things until they get into your high-ticket programming. So, it's like, for example, they come in on a technically engage in your organic content, and then you give them a free lead magnet. From there, they can go into like a $27, you know, mini program or something like that. The idea of this is to essentially break even on your front-end ad spend. So, if you can get someone to purchase, you know, this. started. For $27, then your front-end marketing is essentially free. So you can spend a million dollars a month on it. If you're getting the return of $27 per purchase, you're breaking even your sleep.
Ben Moore: Okay. And then they're already bought in too because I'll get like, you can do it on a, like, because obviously we've got our tier, like our lowest tier of coaching, which is pretty much like a pretty hands-off coaching experience, just like very, very basic. So, yeah, you can always run that as you're like $27 for 27 days is like a trial thing because that would  blitz. So I'll get a bit of a feel for it. , this is awesome. Let me go up into your next tier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. That's the other thing as well. They engage with so much of you that they're so bought in. And it's got to be something of actual value because then they can see like, , this is like, you know, if this is what it's worth for $27, like imagine what his like one-to-one coaching would be like.
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, again. And this is something I'm still, I've actually got it ready, but I just launched this challenge.
Ben Moore: So I was like, , we'll just put that on hold for second. If you're going to see me, that'd be , because yeah, if you can get break even on the front end, spend the ads, holy .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. It builds your emailing list massively as well. So for Bree, for example, for the unqualified people, we just send them straight to the masterclass. But for the unqualified people, they have to opt in by giving their name and email and stuff. So you build your emailing list at the same time.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's so good. So again, we can just keep adding to this. This is not something we do overnight.
Ben Moore: We just keep adding things as time goes on. Yeah. Yeah, I like it.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's cool.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, usually for the masterclass, again, just create the gap. You what mean? If you're going to be talking to a lot of people who are interested in fat loss, obviously do something about fat loss in a certain period of time. Yeah. So we... The problem as well, the more specific the problem, the better. So I'm going to do another one all around, you know, testosterone levels in men.
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: We also want to create, in marketing and everything like that, again, similar to the gap, we want to create fear around it. You know what mean? Which is why testosterone is a great one.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's a good marketing strategy, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, obviously, it's, you know, ideally, we'd want to, it's real fear that we want. What do you say, Doug, is that? Ideally, it's a real fear that we want to instill.
Ben Moore: We don't want be  grifting out here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, But, you know, I mean, like, if I made one about how, you know, for every, you know, 10%  increase in body fat percentage, you've got a 10% increase in all-cause mortality or something. It's probably way higher than that, to be honest. But off the top of my head, you know, it's a very real thing that people should be conscious about.
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah. I don't create that fear naturally.
Kyle Musca: It's like, , I'm fat as . Yeah, absolutely, absolutely. Because essentially what like lead magnets are also great for is that like 3% of your market are going to be in a buying mindset where they want to buy now, whereas 17% roughly are going to be in an information gathering phase. So it's like if we can create a lead magnet that closes that gap in the information gathering phase and opens up the gap of needing a coach, then it's like, okay, that's a good lead magnet. We're transitioning it through quicker.
Ben Moore: Yeah, cool. Yeah, I think that'd be sick. It's probably, I've never really done a good free lead magnet before. Like obviously all the stuff I've done is like pretty low-end stuff, like just like an e-book or something that I've kind of put together for like clients. And I was just like, I'll give it away. It's more just like helping our clients out  with like takeaway orders and what to look for and how to structure your week and these kind of things around drinking. So it's not like a really ideal client. I love what to expect. Yeah. And like... We're getting a lot of emails and a lot of things like that, but it's not specific to the 25 to 45-year-olds we want to be working with helping them lose fat, really, because that's really who we want to work with at the end of the day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I also think video form is definitely the way to go in today's day and age. Everyone knows if it's an e-book or something, it's probably just  chat GPT generated. And people don't want to read and everything like that. When was the last time you  read an e-book someone gave you? Yeah. You know what mean? So it's like if you can give them something like video format, it seems a lot more personable. Okay. And, you you can get a lot more information about it. You can also like go on your own little tangents, which I like. You know what mean? If I talk about a certain point, I can  quickly go off on my own little tangent and add more to it.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But this is a pretty streamlined process. Like, again, I'm currently putting this together. But ideally, the copywriter, like I built out an entire  course and I sent to him, was like, after you finish this direct response, you just keep. Working your way through these. ideally, just like drips, feeds, you know, a presentation or two every single week. And then from there, you know, you just get a graphic designer. I found one that can do it for about $2 per slide. Oh,  cheap ads. Yeah. And then you just sort of sit down, press record. It took me like 40 minutes yesterday to record this.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool.
Ben Moore: Yeah, I think that's our next step. We'll get these  ads going. I think we'll start building something out like that. I'm pretty keen on that. Just to, like, repurpose, because we usually do a free lead magnet once a week as, like, an organic strategy to get inbound conversations. So it's like, we could even put a couple together and  just kind of test the waters. And then again,  just means you've got three good lead magnets there too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, what you could do is, so those are very much geared for, like, the sales side of things. But what you could also do is add ones, add ones. Those are more sort of, I guess, educational. Again, without, again, we always want to talk about the what, but not the how. And even if you do talk about, like, so, for example, I've got these in my training series, in my app. You I've got a training series, a nutrition series, and a tradie series. Okay. But it's, so basically what I did is I just went to AI, and I was like, go research the top 20 most commonly asked questions that people ask around training. Okay. So, and then, you know, it's always a how-to. So, how to build a training split that fits your goals and recovery. How to choose the right number of sets and reps for growth. How to actually apply progressively overload. Okay. I mean, the very specific topic that you could use as a lead magnet. Yeah. And repurpose to just give away and actually add further into your coaching community.
Ben Moore: You know what mean? It's a training educational series. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And these ones are, these ones are only like, you know, 10, 15 minutes. What's going on, guys? Welcome back to the app.
Ben Moore: What about software you're using? Because we use TrainerEyes, and I can't do that in TrainerEyes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I use, it's an app called, what's it? It's a company called Macroactive.
Ben Moore: Oh, yeah, Macroactive.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So they build like wide-label apps. Everything's really personally branded and you can add different links and everything like that.
Ben Moore: Yeah. No, that's cool. Yeah, that might be something. For now, I'm trying to realize that'd be something I'll do down the track for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's good once you start building a team and everything because it's so like automated based off all the data that they put in. And then you can manually adjusted and everything, but yeah.
Ben Moore: Yeah, well, that's why I was looking at Macroactive ages ago, but I was like, I don't really have the team. I'm still  doing it myself. So that'd be sick. You just put it in, obviously, the stuff that you want them and then it's all done. That'd be cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Obviously, this is the web version, but it looks better on the phone as well. And it's like their own actual app that they download. It's not super cheap to do it, to get it started, but I mean. I think they've dropped their prices because I paid like 18 grand for it.
Ben Moore: And I don't think it's that expensive.
Kyle Musca: And I also got   on the rev share for the first couple of months because I didn't realize. Yeah, well, because they built it for a low-ticket platform initially.
Ben Moore: They're going to a high-ticket thing now. Okay.
Kyle Musca: But it was like a 25% rev share, so I'm like getting everything, so it's like, which is just . Oh, that's crazy. But now they do it for like $6 a month per high-ticket client, so obviously that's a lot more reasonable.
Ben Moore: Ah, $6 a month, that's so cheap. And they build everything out for you with the meal plans and stuff as well, don't they?
Kyle Musca: To a degree. Like they've got their own system and everything with all the meal plans in it, and then you can add, you know, different meals and everything like that if you want to. But like basically what will happen is the user puts in all their, you know, age, weight, and height and everything like that. It will run it through the calculations to, you know, get their calories and macros and then build their meal plan out around that. So, for example, you'll see this one has 515 calories with 48 grams of protein, all the ingredients and everything, but it was in a way auto- Generated for them.
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah, yeah, like kind of re-autos to suit up with their macros and calories and those kind of things. Yeah, yeah, exactly. That's pretty sick because I have to do it for  each individual client. Which , oh, besides our low-low-ticket guys, they're like, I wouldn't call them low-ticket, still high-ticket, but the guys are like on our foundations. It's like macros and calories and training plan and then support, so it's like, you don't have to do anything. But like elite and middle guys and core guys are like, they get a couple of days meal plan and our elite guys get a seven-day meal plan. So it's like all the recipes are ones I've created and made and tests and trials. So it's just like a  trying to match it up is  fun, to say the least. Yeah, no, I started on TrainRise to begin with, so it's pretty good for what it It's better than what it was, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, like it definitely did the job. So how, on that as well, with your sales calls and everything like that, how did you, you sold the new package prices and everything?
Ben Moore: Yes, I have been selling all the new, like, core  foundations in the league. It's actually good. I'm actually enjoying it more because I can actually sell them what they need and not what, like, obviously, it's, you know, making money is one thing, but I can actually sell them the actual thing they need. And it's like I'm not over-delivering on coaching for, like, some of the guys that will get in, they'll just be like, yeah, I just want a training plan and I just want someone to help me with my macros and calories and just a little bit of support to that track. can say, boom, easy, and we can, we dive into it a little bit more as well, but it seems more, like, I used to have a lot of objections, like, still closing, but I'd have a lot of objections, like, it'd be like an oversell for them when I run them through, like, our top tier one. They're like, I don't really want one on country, man. It's like, I just really want, like, a training plan. And some of them have started on that foundations and already gone, can I go to your core offer? I think having the meal stuff would be sick because we don't give them any meal stuff for the low tickets, just macros and calories. So it's, yeah, it's awesome. It's like an auto. upsell as well. So it's been heaps better. I've actually really enjoyed the sales process because I'm not necessarily kind of, I'm meeting where they're at, if that makes sense, for what they're looking for. And it just gives a lot better, or I just feel a lot better selling. I'm just like, , that guy doesn't really need what we're selling him. It was like, you're just selling him because I don't know how to, but I just feel like I'm actually doing a good, if that makes sense, instead of just trying to collect cash.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. How are you following the new script and everything?
Ben Moore: Yeah, I am. Yeah, I'm enjoying it. It's good. I really like the, I've been really using the middle part of your script, which has been the, like, diving into the paint and stuff. I've been really, really finding that heaps, heaps more useful. The conversation's a little bit less surface level, if that makes sense. So, yeah, it's been massive, I think. I think it's been really, really good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I find the closer you can sort of stick to that script. I just tell people. Script to stick to it like almost exactly now because I've had like obviously you're a lot more sort of in tune with it but I've had people just  like I'm following the script and you do the call and like feedback and they just  skip it all and you're like what are you doing? It's like no one, you're not closing but yeah no you're a lot more sort of head screwed on more. Perfect man. Yeah well we're really just at the point of launching so as soon as that campaign's up and running man I'll turn that on. Should be good to go from there and keep you updated on that and then it'll take about three to seven days for the ads to really optimize properly but that we should see pretty early on how they're sort of going.
Ben Moore: Yeah that's awesome and no stress on that, that's cool. I expect them to take about seven days so that's cool. I was going to say something. Yeah I'm pretty keen on that and then getting these  cool Yeah. see. that the Yeah What do you call it? Up and running this free, that free lead magnet's going be pretty excited, actually, after we get this stuff rolling first. We'll get this stuff done. But yeah, that free lead magnet, I think, is going to be , like, just the level of people coming in, like, lead, will be insane, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And I can show you, we might even spend a whole session on showing how to properly set that up and everything.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because I've gotten to the point where, you know, it gets pretty  accurate. Do you use Claude or ChatGPT?
Ben Moore: I use chat. I remember last time we spoke, know, like, get Claude, it's  heaps better. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the level of, sort of, attention to detail and, like, how it actually builds out frameworks and everything like that is, like, so much better than ChatGPT.
Ben Moore: I'm going to do that this week. I'll swap them over.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, like, again, what I get mine to do is, like, I've got all the frameworks and everything for, you know, the presentations and everything. But then I'll get it to go, like, deeper. Research the topic and everything. it actually pulls, you know, actual statistics and data from reliable sources. That's awesome. Yeah. So that makes your life a lot easier.
Ben Moore: Good. ChatGPT just tells you what you want to hear. It's very like user-based. So it's like, I've had it like give me studies, like for a content piece where it's like, I'm kind of contradicting someone's, like what they've said, like pretty in depth. And then I'll go, hang a sec, they've just given me a study that like has no relevance. I don't even know where that's from. It's just like, just pull  that you want to hear from. So, and then you're like, really, you're like, what the  is this even?
Kyle Musca: Where's this pull this hit from? So the dark world or something. I just found ChatGPT was like inaccurate more often than it was accurate. And it just didn't like try very hard. Like they must have pulled back the computing power massively because it used to do really good deep research and used to spit out like 60 page documents full of information. And now I've spit out like , last time I used it like four pages and it's just very basic information.
Ben Moore: I'm like, that's. Yeah. I wonder if they've done that on purpose is like, there's a lot of school kids use it and  and they'll get like in trouble. One of my mates is, he's a teacher aide, think. And he was saying like, well, having kids like using ChatGPT early on. So I wonder if it was like a, they got in trouble for it or like,  me. But yeah, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, I think they're just trying to get a bit stingy, to be honest. Like they just kept, because every time they update it, it just got worse and worse.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: the point where I was like,  sick of this. Like it's not even, like it just would not give me the right answer that I knew it was giving me the wrong. And I just like, I played around with Claude for like 10 minutes and I immediately just  closed the app. Yeah.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Because I asked ChatGPT to do something the other day. I sent in some stuff. You've got to be very specific with chat as well. You can't just like, I feel as though, like you're probably. Prompting has to be, like, really  dialed in, which I do teach, you know, exactly what you want, but even though it still  up. I was doing something with, I don't know what it was now, because, anyway, it was something, and I did the prompt and the  asked it, and it gave, I think it was, like I said, 60 words or something for, I don't know what the  I was doing. And it kept, like, it kept doing the first three words, and then be like, cool, I'll, like, do the rest later, or, like, cool, is that, no, I said 60  words. I don't know what it was, well, maybe I saw a video of someone doing it, I can't remember that, I was just like, what the , I was like, that is so dumb.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, it's also, like, it's progressively gotten worse at creative writing as well, whereas Claude is way, way better. Like, I don't rely on creative, like, AI to do creative writing at all, I think it's  a bit of a death trap, because it, you know, regardless of the AI, it's always going to do it similar to everyone else's. Yeah. But, like. Like what I wanted to do is basically do all the frameworks and I guess the angle. So we'll do like, you know, maybe 60, 80% of the script for me and then I can just go rewrite it manually. That's what I would also recommend you doing with all the scripts and stuff that I sent through to you. Like they'll be rewritten basically fully, but I would also proofread yourself and obviously change anything that you see fit to make sure it comes from you 100%.
Ben Moore: Perfect. Yeah, I don't script anything to be honest. Like none of my content is scripted. I haven't scripted a  video in a long, long time. This is like a really highly edited video, but even then I'll generally just read over what the main point is and kind of get the framework in my head on the angle and then I'll just kind of shoot it out and then I'll just edit the junk  that I don't need to have in the video. So no, that's cool. I probably will do that and probably will be same framework as a script, but generally it's not the same words. I'll just kind of roll off the dome.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. I actually recommend that. That's exactly what I do for my content and ads. I don't script for anything. Either just because I think, you know, I think in future being able to speak  like a normal human will be a skill in itself.
Ben Moore: Well, people can see it. Like I go back to all my old scripted content I do. That is  atrocious. Like, I don't know how many people watch that .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, absolutely. So what we probably even look at doing, because again, you're very similar to how I do things, which is  awesome. So what we can do, like I've got all the different script frameworks and everything like that to go off. And literally what I do is I just sort of sit down, press record, and I just do it off the top of my head based off the framework. And yeah, it just comes out way more authentic. It's good to have the scripts to start with just so you can see how they can kind of piece together. But then it's like once you've got the gist for that, it's way, way more efficient, obviously, to do it yourself. then, yeah, again, it 100% comes from you.
Ben Moore: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, no, that's awesome. I'm keen on that. We'll get into stuff and we'll  get ready to rock.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool, bro. All right. Well, I'll get all that sorted.
Ben Moore: Is there anything else you want to cover at all? Not really. think now just setting that stuff up and just killing and keeping ads will be the next thing. And once we get that kind of pumping, it'll just be what's the kind of next move now with the ads and the ad spend and kind of where we're putting our money doubling down on it, et cetera.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Yeah. Remind me, we'll see, by next week, we'll see how the ads and everything are performing and everything a lot clearer. But remind me, we may either go into a lot more depth of how to build out the presentations for the lead magnets and everything like that, or we may even just cover like frameworks and everything like that for you for the ads. Because essentially what I do is I sit down every Tuesday and I just bang out three new scripts off the top of my head. And you just get so much like ad content volume from that that like you just never run thin.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's good. That's a good idea. And we can set up a bit of structure with that for the week too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. Cool, bro. All right. I'll get that sorted for you. I'll keep you updated. But yeah, if you have any questions for me or anything like that, just let me know. The other thing I'd recommend doing is just sort of like through the week, have a think about if there's any issues you're having in the business or anything like that, just bring it to these calls and we can just cover them then. Did you get the check-in form that I sent out yesterday?
Ben Moore: Check-in form? No, don't. Hang a sec. My  WhatsApp, because I've got it on my laptop now. It's been  like an old man. I'll get like a message on my phone and I'll go check on my laptop. It's not up. So it's just like, it's still syncing data, but I don't believe I did get a check-in form yesterday.
Kyle Musca: No, I think, yeah, I need to add you to the list. There we go. Just added you now. So that'll come through. That's okay, because everything we've been doing is just setting up the ads. The check-in form is still, obviously, once they're up and running, forming. Go from there.
Ben Moore: Awesome, man. And with the APIs, not the API, the like ads check stuff, like KPIs and stuff, is there a specific date you want that done each week or is it just as long as it's done on like Friday to Friday? So you can see that.
Kyle Musca: As long as it's done weekly, that's the main thing. I would probably set it up for maybe like Tuesday to Tuesday. So that way, when we jump on our calls, we can review them and it's going to be the most recent data.
Ben Moore: Yep. Can do that for sure. That's easy.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Perfect. Cool, All right. Hopefully you get all that sorted today and then we'll go from there. Yeah. Awesome, man. Thank you very much. I appreciate it, Legend. No worries. Cheers, Ben. You enjoyed the rest of the Chat to you soon. You too. See ya. See ya. Bye.


>>> 164/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-15T05:55:46Z | id:138071322
People: Kyle Musca

Meg Tovey: Hello. This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, how going?
Meg Tovey: Good. How are you? Sorry about that. I actually was going to message you because I had this one booked in at like 2.15 or something, and then she hit cancel on the event, so I thought she canceled it. So I didn't message because I was like, oh, I'm not going to be late. And then I got an email saying she joined the call, and so I think she just  up clicking the accept button.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay.
Meg Tovey: And I was like, , I can't message you in between.
Kyle Musca: No, that's all good. I was just doing some admin tasks. I'll save you from doing it later. Perfect. All right. Cool. We'll in. How has this week been?
Meg Tovey: Slow in terms of sales purely because I have not been like able to really, let's just say, I've not been like pushing them. I on calls fast, and I'm also not following up as much as I normally would if they, like, have to reschedule or anything like that because I literally don't have anywhere for them to go. So our new coach starts on Monday. So, like, I don't know if you would have noticed, but I haven't even been really posting much content, haven't been doing our emails, like,  because I just am like, . So I just signed that chick up, but I didn't have any consults yesterday. Like, we've had less, there's still quite a few booked in for this week, but, like, one no-showed yesterday, and I didn't chase it up how I normally would, like, call them and stuff. So, yeah, like, fine, like, good, because there's, yeah, it's my own fault, but I'm not worried.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, perfect. How, where do you get the coach from?
Meg Tovey: Just one of the applicants that came through, like, I don't, she's not, like, a unicorn by any means, but I think she's quite... It's moldable, but I did have an interview on Monday night with a, like,  lit chick, and so if this one kind of is , I'm going to be pretty quick to get rid of her and bring the other one on. Otherwise, I'm just going to keep nurturing that one and hopefully bring her on soon anyway.
Kyle Musca: Okay, and both of those came from the application?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so do you want me to turn that ad off now?
Meg Tovey: Nah, keep running it. I feel like I need to keep looking because I want to be way more proactive. Like, this last three, four weeks has been so bad in, like, I've never had anxiety in my business before, but I haven't been able to  put clients anywhere. So I want to be way more proactive with hiring. So just keep running. It's not costing that much. So maybe one more week and then see where it's at.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yep, easy. Did you get better quality candidates once we changed the messages, do you feel?
Meg Tovey: Nah. I don't know why there's so many, like, coming through the, like, hybrid, like, not, yeah, I don't know if it's the coach part, like, the word coach. I don't know. But I feel like that one hasn't, it hasn't been up for that long. So I've only had a couple come through since we changed it over.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I think we only changed it, like, last week sometime. I can't remember when. Yeah, I mean, it's good that you've got some candidates out of there anyway. With what you said, yeah, I would be very careful not to, I guess, in a way, get kind of lazy. It's very easy to get lazy when you're in abundance. Obviously, when you can't take on, like, clients and stuff and probably do them, it's not really, it's not laziness more than anything. But if you bring on a coach, then, you know, again, we want to just keep... The foot to the pedal and keep going  hard, essentially.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I'm just, like, very mindful to, like, the girls are already, like, very stretched, and I'm mindful of managing their stress levels, because I have three unicorn coaches, and I don't want to lose them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: So I can't push it as hard as I could, and now I'm like, hey, , I actually can't keep doing this otherwise.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. No, the biggest, I mean, when, the biggest bottleneck is, like, being able to find and hire a coach fast enough. That's, I guess, in a way, a good problem to have. And then it should sort of just free you up. Ideally, again, you see how she goes. It really depends. Like, if you feel like the other girl was a massive, massive unicorn, it's hard to obviously pull out of already committing to someone else.
Meg Tovey: know. That's what I was, like, very told. But I also, I didn't want to, like, I didn't want to burn that bridge in case I, based off hype from one interview. So I've sent a couple of follow-up questions to the chick that I liked, but she's a bit older, like she's 37, way more industry experience and stuff. So I feel like there's potentially also the fact that she just can interview better, communicate a little bit, like articulate herself a little bit better. Like, so that doesn't necessarily translate over to a better employee.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no, that's very true. That's very true. Okay. And then, so how many call bookings have you had over the last week?
Meg Tovey: Like, there's one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. There's 12 booked in for this week, as in like Monday to Friday so far.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Sounds so solid. We don't really, the leads cost has gone up a little bit and I probably would say that's because we've taken away the urgency of the end date to be expected. And then just on that as well.
Meg Tovey: I also think like a big part of the, well, again, it's not a problem because I'm very conscious of it. It's not like unconscious. But my availability for bookings as well, like, because I'm like, well, , I can't take them on. I'm like, I'll book them in for a week's time. Whereas normally I'd be like, get them in tomorrow. So yeah, I think it'll be all good from next week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, cool. Yeah. The cost per lead has actually come down since we got the new videos up there without the deadline. It did creep up to, I think. In the mid-30s, but that's come down to the low-20s again. So happy days there. What I reckon we do now is while we've got, you know, things are really pumping for us and we've got some breathing room, I reckon it'd be really, really beneficial for you to create a, like a fat loss masterclass type thing. Reason being is because I'm doing this with Bree at the moment and her returns on it are just  like ridiculous. Like it was like a 44 return on ad spend from like 300. It was like, cause we're only just testing. was like 350 bucks and she contracted like 15 grand off it. So, and I think why, cause I've done lead magnets for other people before and they haven't worked anywhere remotely as well. And I think the reason for that is because like with a lead magnet, we want it to be educational, but we want it to be the what, not the how. If you give them something like a, you know, five day. Workout split or, you know, meal plan or something like that, then they've got something to practically go try, which takes time, and therefore it doesn't have an immediate reason as to why they would need a coach now, so they're not interested in the conversation. Whereas if you can do a fat loss masterclass, you can close the gap on the information they're looking for and then create a new gap of, okay, well, how do I actually apply this? That's where the coaching service comes into it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, I have that, like, literally all on my computer to do, and all the stuff set in ChatGPT with, like, all those docs that you get me to upload.
Kyle Musca: I just have to... Do you, yeah, do you still use ChatGPT?
Meg Tovey: I have downloaded Claude and  Manus and all the other ones, but I, yeah, still am using Chat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't, like, dabble too crazy in different AIs because there's just so many  out there and a lot of them useless. But Claude, in terms of, like, just an AI to use on a daily basis is, like, in my opinion... 10 times better than ChatGPT. Okay. It does, it puts a lot more effort into its responses in Word, like work, and it's a lot more accurate. ChatGPT is  wrong all the time.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. I will switch. How do you, actually, I saw Jarrod posted a thing the other day about how to switch over, so I'll just do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it literally works the exact same. Like, it has projects, it has, like, chats, like, normal.
Meg Tovey: It works the exact same. Do like, import all your stuff from Chat? Because, like, I've obviously been using it so heavily for so long.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, what I did, for example, is you go into the sources and then I just copied the, like, I either, because I have all my Google Docs and stuff, I just copied the title and put it into Google Docs. And then it came up and then I just downloaded and added to Claude Project, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I don't really have that. I've got some things, but I feel like, anyway, that's right, I can figure that out. But, yeah, this is as far As I've got, and I think there is, I don't know what the, I don't know what the block is to actually making it. I think I might kind of don't know where to go from here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So to be honest, like I wouldn't use ChatGP2 for it because it doesn't do it properly. Like that's why I moved. Okay.
Meg Tovey: Well, can put all these in, but then what?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So then you, I've got the prompts and stuff for it. Let me grab.
Meg Tovey: Is Claude paid?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's about the same price, but it will fully like. Depending on what you give it and tell it to do, but it will fully build out like, you know, massive documents and stuff for you if you tell it to.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. I wonder if I have an account. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: EMP presentation framework. So actually, it'd be easy for you to just do this. Here you go. I'll save you like a week's worth of work.
Meg Tovey: So there's nothing on here on Claude that, there's nothing Claude can't do that chat does? No. You know how like, what's that other really  OpenClaw is like different to, like they're all different, like some of them you actually need all of them?
Kyle Musca: No, so like, because from what I can see, OpenClaw is basically like a personal admin thing that works through your entire commuter and stuff like that. That to me sounds confusing and probably very gimmicky. I mean, it probably will have potential in the future for sure, but usually when a new AI comes out, there's a lot of kinks in the chain for it. Claude is like literally the exact same as what ChatGPT does. You just have chats with it, you can build projects out for it, you can get it to go do deep research and stuff.
Meg Tovey: It's like got all the exact same features and works the exact same. What do you think is better about it?
Kyle Musca: Its creative writing is way, way, way better. It doesn't sound super AI, even without prompting it too hard. It does a lot more work in the deep research. So ChatGPT, every time I went through an update, it just continued. You can start with a free plan. You play around with a free plan for sure. But ChatGPT, when I went to do deep research, it used to do like, you know, really in-depth research and spit out like 60-page documents. Then it just got to the point where I was doing like very minor research and spitting out like a couple of pages and just wasn't very helpful. Whereas Claude will still do that if you tell it to. Like it will go massive amounts of research for you. You can connect it with a lot more things. I don't know if you can do this with ChatGPT now, but with Claude, you can get it to reference other chats and stuff. So it really understands who you are and what you're about. But if you're like trying to talk about something, it can use. Use other chats to like pull data and information from. You can connect it to all your like Google Drives and all that stuff. So it's like for me, for example, I told it to go build me out an entire course presentation stuff for like marketing business and everything like that. It went through all my Google documents and everything like that and pulled the information from all of those documents that were relevant to it. Yeah, so it can connect to other stuff as well. It's probably got a million, one different other features, but.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, all right, cool.
Kyle Musca: It's also a lot more accurate. feel like ChatGPT is wrong more than it is right.
Meg Tovey: I love Chat, I feel like it's. But I understand what you mean fully.
Kyle Musca: It had like, I think it was the update of like 5.2. It pissed me off so much. Like it just would not do anything I told her to do. And I was like, I'm going to try it for like 10 minutes. And I was like, I'm never using ChatGPT again.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay, fair. I'm ChatGPT ChatGPT I'm using using All right, cool. I've got it. So once I have this set up, what the , bro? What are you doing? Why are they doing this?
Kyle Musca: I probably go install later, maybe, at the bottom.
Meg Tovey: No, I've done it. It's like on my computer. Hang on, let just close this. I'll put these docs in. This is the one you gave me.
Kyle Musca: This is what I said. Yeah, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Oh, okay. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, keep all your tonality one and everything like that. and then what I just sent you is all the most recent stuff that I've done in terms of frameworks and everything.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Do I need to edit any of these that you've sent through for me, or do I just put my tonality one in?
Kyle Musca: No, shouldn't. No, none of the frameworks you'll need to edit.
Meg Tovey: I don't think the last one is linked properly, the 20 to 30. What do you mean masterclass framework? Is it cut off, I think?
Kyle Musca: Oh, there's a lot more than that, if you... Oh, I don't think it sent the full message. It definitely did not. What I'll do is I'll just send you...
Meg Tovey: Before we get started, what should I call you? Me resisting the urge to say anything but my name.
Kyle Musca: It's... I don't know if the message is just too big and it's struggling to do it.
Meg Tovey: Do you use... Paul does like a Google Chrome extension thing, or do you just use it in the search of your computer?
Kyle Musca: I just have it as a bookmark on my Google, so I don't actually use the app for it, I just use it online.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: What else was I trying to drop it in the chat? Yeah, that's too big as well. Okay. Setting too many frameworks. Let me just send you the most important ones. Yeah, you should only need those ones.
Meg Tovey: Just the presentation builder and the...
Kyle Musca: And the top ones. So the master prompt, the presentation builder, the 20-30-minute masterclass framework.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Mega guide masterclass that convert into coaching clients. Oh, sorry. Yeah, obviously you don't need... Let me edit that so it's confusing. In their message, it does have all of them still, even when I edit it, but that's just... I'm struggling, so it's fine.
Meg Tovey: Which one don't I need? Because I'll just delete it from here.
Kyle Musca: I just deleted it there. So, yeah, you need the presentation master prompt of green, 20, 30-minute masterclass framework, the mega guide, and lastly, this one, how to build presentation mega guide.
Meg Tovey: Okay, wait. So I've got EMP presentations master prompt.
Kyle Musca: No, that's my one.
Meg Tovey: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: So in the chat now, it's up to date. So you'll see presentation builder. I'm going to just edit all this, so it's just not anything that don't need.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So that should be four there.
Meg Tovey: I've got, and then 20, 30-minute masterclass, evergreen masterclass framework, and then how to. Build a masterclass, and then how to build presentation, this one. Okay, cool. So now what?
Kyle Musca: So you go, you don't need to actually add the master prompt one into it. I mean, you can add it, it's fine. But you basically just copy that into the chat.
Meg Tovey: Oh, okay. Which one? This one. Where's the master prompt?
Kyle Musca: Not that? So if go back into the chat.
Meg Tovey: This is, this will be a chat.
Kyle Musca: I just made a project. No, if you go back into our chat and watch that.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah. Master prompt, presentation builder. Oh, yeah. So the evergreen one. I've got that. So that's this one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So and then you need to copy. So if you go into the document, yeah, just copy. Usually I don't copy the title. So from who are you? Because otherwise, sometimes for some reason, at least on ChatGPT anyway, if you added the word prompted, thinks you're like asking it to write another more in-depth prompt.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Wait, what are you talking about? So go back. So you're in the projects part. Yeah. Yeah, click into that.
Meg Tovey: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, with that, you might need to... Add extra information.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah. haven't put my tone of voice thing in yet.
Kyle Musca: Now, what I would do with these is, so when you click on that little plus at the bottom in the chat, so see how there is, okay, so you don't have it. So, oh, you might not have it with the... Free plan. If you go into your organization settings at the bottom left, yeah, yeah, bottom left, yeah, yeah, yeah, go settings. Now go connectors or capabilities, one of the two. So see how this is generate memory from chat history. So that will allow it to link it to other chats, but you might not have that with the free version.
Meg Tovey: What do you mean other chats?
Kyle Musca: So it's like if you were talking about, you know, trying to increase show up rate, for example, in one chat, you know, three weeks ago, you got to do deep research and you were talking about it again, it can go and reference that chat and pull information from it. And it also, it gets to know you as well better.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, cool. Looks like it's letting me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so perfect. And then, is there a deep research one? Artifacts, skills, my network. Yeah, okay, so go connectors. So this is where you can connect, like, so browse connectors, for example. This is where you can connect any, like, apps and stuff that you have. So, for example, you want to add your Google Drive. What else do you connect?
Meg Tovey: Oh, you connect anything. connect my Asana. Oh, this is sick. I don't think. You can do this with chat, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you can connect with all that stuff. I'm pretty sure you can connect with many chat, but I haven't even tried that yet. I'll be too busy. No, not yet.
Meg Tovey: No.
Kyle Musca: That's okay.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. And then if I want to go, oh, I should do this later. I'll do that later.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't have the research capability added yet. So you'll have to find where that is. It's fairly easy. I just can't, I don't know where they put it. But yeah, you just click on that little plus, wherever the chat is, at the bottom, and tell it to go do deep research. Now, so see the thing above, two things above, the project framework review and scarcity, that's the chat.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah. So do I now answer these questions? I've just added my kind of voice thing in after this.
Kyle Musca: Do I need a like? I would add it to the project files. And then because you've started this chat, add it to here as well. What I would do probably before adding that master prompt, for example, is get it to go do deep research on the topic that you want to do it on. So, for example, I want to end up. How I do this, right, is I get it to, I give it a prompt to write me an in-depth prompt for deep research. So it's like, I say, I want to create a, you know, 20 to 30 minute masterclass, specifically on how women in their 30s can strip 20 kilos of fat over the next six months or 24 weeks or something like that. Because that's your, make sure you add your in-depth audience. Give it as much information as you possibly can here. So you might even add your client avatar and everything like that. I want you to research not only the, you know, The nutrition and the, you know, training and physical components and everything like that, but also the mindsets, the habits, anything else that you want to be included into it. And I want you to be as thorough as possible. I want to understand all the pains, all the goals, all the dream outcomes, all the drivers, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And then get it to do that. So it write you a really in-depth prompt. All you need to do is basically copy, paste that, and turn on deep research. It will go away, do the research for you. Once you've got the research document, then you can just basically plug it straight into the questions it's asking you in that most recent chat that we just looked at. And then it should have the information to go from there.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. I'm going to download this because this is like essentially what I want the masterclass to be on for the podcast episode that we did, that Loz and I did of how to lose. It's like our whole method, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But then I'll also do the date research. So. So you might even want to add that into the prompt. So it's like research these things in depth and then add that to the final thing as well. So it can actually extract your exact wording on how you spoke about it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So like in the original prompt, analyze this transcript from a podcast I did to extract topic topics or whatever, extract ideas, whatever, ideas slash philosophy. Yeah. Something like that.
Meg Tovey: So I'll have to go into our transcript and just copy what you said to the prompt for us earlier because I was doing it right for the deep research.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You don't have to give it like try and be in depth, obviously, with everything you like, and especially when you're prompting it, but you don't have to be. Crazy, because it will write you a really in-depth master prompt from that. And then I would add a without.
Meg Tovey: Hey.
Kyle Musca: So I would probably go how, yeah, like how, probably how women in their 30s can lose 20 kilos in six months or less and keep it off a life without, you know, like restrictive diets or giving up their social life. Again, it can be up to you what you put there, but without problem.
Meg Tovey: I'm just dumping. This isn't exactly what I'm going to write, but. Yeah, cool. Cool, cool, cool. So, all right, once I put that in and then the prompt for the deep research, what will be the, like, will it create, this is probably a dumb question, but will it, like, create the masterclass or what's the in-between part?
Kyle Musca: So, it will analyze, and then you just need to tell it to combine the two. the deep research with the 20 to 30-minute framework, and then it should build it for you, and then you just go through and, you know, reword. Again, I would try and go find presentations or, like, slide decks and, you know,  like that that you like the look of, screenshot it and add it so it has a visual representation of what it should actually look like.
Meg Tovey: Like, I literally still have this, oh no, that's not it, where is it, this, Even from when we talked about this last.
Kyle Musca: Oh, nice. Yeah. And then, yeah, I found with Claude as well, you don't have to go back and forth with it as much to get it right. It has a lot more, like, nuance and actually understands a little bit better.
Meg Tovey: Cool, cool, cool. Can do.
Kyle Musca: And then very easy. Obviously, all you need to do is, like, you know, once it's designed, the actual presentation, just sit down, record it. Just can be a loom. Like, don't overcomplicate it. And then we'll just get some simple graphics up, up and running for it. We don't need to do videos because it's not that big of an offer. Like, for direct coaching and stuff, obviously, videos help, but it's not. We're just giving away something for free. So we just do graphics for it. So quick, easy turnaround times for it. And then what we need to do from there is nothing. It's pretty much good to go from there. And then we'll set up the many chat flow. What Bree does, for example, is she has a, so if they're unqualified, it just takes them straight to the masterclass. If they are qualified, then it takes them to an opt-in page where they give their name, email, phone, and then to the masterclass.
Meg Tovey: So we connect quickly.
Kyle Musca: And again, if you, what she does is she just sends it to a simple job form and then redirects it from there just to make it super easy.
Meg Tovey: You don't need to build out a full landing page for it. I have that built out anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. What you can do is if you've already got the landing page and stuff built out, you can, for the, like, non-qualified ones, just don't add any kind of CTA or any kind of actionable button.
Meg Tovey: For the qualified ones, you might want to add, like, a self-booking link or something like that. So if it's like this, this isn't the landing page, but it would be along the lines of this, would it have a job form because this is just, like, heaps of social proof and ?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. It would have... Would have a JotForm?
Meg Tovey: Oh, I'm not sharing, sorry. Would it have, so this is just like a page of heaps of social proof. Would it have a JotForm embedded at the top or do you mean it would have the, and then redirect to the loom or?
Kyle Musca: Um, so what I would do is no. So if you're going to do it, whether it's on JotForm or you do an opt-in page on this system itself, it's like the only thing when they click that link is just like name, email, phone number.
Meg Tovey: Right.
Kyle Musca: Because you don't want to be distracted with anything else. What you could do on this is then like on a page like this, just put the masterclass there with all the social proof under it, under it. Um, cause again, it doesn't really matter if they get distracted at that point. Um, you're just trying to give them some, you know, value and social proof.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Cool. Can do.
Kyle Musca: And then, because what usually turns up and what's happening with Breeze, for example, she, her set is obviously just take over the conversation in the DMs. If they get a self-booking, fantastic, but the idea is to book them through the DMs.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah, I think probably Jotforms are my straightforward thing then, and then it redirects to the landing page with the video on it.
Kyle Musca: I think Jotforms is probably the easiest opt-in thing for it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, for sure. Cool. Yeah. Cool. Can do. Let me just write that down. Yeah. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Good to see how that goes. You've got to... Somewhat similar audience degree, and it's pulling in, like, ridiculous numbers. It's, like, $3 per lead.
Meg Tovey: Hectic. Yeah, cool. This thing I was going to ask, oh, actually, it was just about, like, your coaches or whatever. How do you go with, like, because I think you said yours are contractors, right? Yeah. How do you go with, like, I think I've been lucky with the people I've hired so far being super adaptable with their times and schedules. Even when they've worked other jobs to begin with, like, they've always just, like, prioritised this work. But I feel like this new chick is going to be a little less flexible and have to be a bit more, like, planned. chick going to have and have So I'm worried with, like, because currently if a new client signs on, the coach will message them within the hour. And it's hard to, like, enforce that with a casual or even a contractor. And that's why I'm asking because it's kind of the same as a contractor. So how do you, like, set that expectation or, like, what is the expectation with, like, them jumping onto that real quick? slash, have you had anyone that hasn't been, because I remember you saying you had one, like, you've got one guy who's really, like, onto it and will do stuff late at night and stuff. But, yeah, have you had that before where they're not maybe as?
Kyle Musca: I just set the standard from the start. You know, this is just how it is, you know, and basically it's just a rite of passage, really. Like, if you're not willing to do that in the early stages, you're not going to, they're not going to do it once they get used to it. And that... It becomes like a little bit like Monday, you know what mean? If it's like, it should be new, it should be exciting, they should be looking for the opportunity, so they should want to go above and beyond to do it. If they're not doing it, then it's a huge red flag that they won't do it once they actually, you know, work into a full-time position and everything like that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, if she doesn't do it, I would just use that as an excuse to like cut her off and get the other chicken if you prefer her more.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: But I would just set this down from the start. It's like the most important thing is response times, making sure you're responding in depth and clearly, and especially when you get a new sign-up, like they need to be on, you know, whatever your process is.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, cool. Cool, cool, cool. Sweet. That's all from me.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. All right, we'll keep an update on how she goes with that. I think, yeah, the masterclass should be a really good addition to what we're already doing.
Meg Tovey: Hey, I will get onto that this weekend.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome. If you need me, if you're anything, just sing it. Thank you. Have a good Arvo. You too. Cheers. Bye. Bye.


>>> 165/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-15T06:35:20Z | id:138078003
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, man. How you going?
Callum Hinze: Good. How are you?
Kyle Musca: How's things?
Callum Hinze: Good. Good. There's been a good chunk of calls coming through the last few days, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, awesome. I've been looking at your ads, and both campaigns are performing very, very well at the moment, so happy days there.
Callum Hinze: We'll not argue. We'll not argue.
Kyle Musca: I'm going to pull up the form. I was written it before. It seems like there's been a good chunk of calls already.
Callum Hinze: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: So, 12 books, 7 taken, and 6 of those 7 already closed, which is phenomenal.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I'm still going off Sunday to Sunday, though, that's from last week's total. But, yeah, it was a big chunk.
Kyle Musca: How many calls have we booked this week, like, so far?
Callum Hinze: So far, I was, like, 15, I think, from memory.
Kyle Musca: Oh, wow.
Callum Hinze: There have been a lot of, it's not bad, there's been a lot of reschedules the last two days, but I'm still finding the way that we've got it laid out now, they're not just no-shows, they're guys who are genuinely touching base to reschedule because of whatever reason, so not the other world, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: At least that's what you know.
Callum Hinze: That's the thing, I just used to get heaps of people ghosting and stuff, so it's nice now that at least they're just jumping in, so it's not really a problem.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, over the last, over this week has been, what's the date, 15th? Yeah. I think 14th, 14th, yeah, or actually one was, I guess it's 12th because two were rescheduled from last week, which is all I know.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, perfect. All right, well, hopefully that, you know, continues to climb. I think we're... Nailed your messaging and everything like that, which is fantastic. What are we looking at here? Contacts, filter. Is there anything specifically you're struggling with?
Callum Hinze: I don't think so. I think it's been all pretty good this last week. It was a good, last week was a great week. So if can match that in terms of sales, I'd be pretty happy.
Kyle Musca: So Sunday to Sunday?
Callum Hinze: Sunday to Sunday, yeah. 5th till the 12th.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Start off.
Kyle Musca: Subscribe to the 4th, 12th. Let's have a look here. So 54. That looks pretty similar. I think that's actually come down. And it's sitting in the 30s from everything I can see. So that should even come down, continue to come down as time goes on. Total ad bookings, 11, good there. Shown up, six, five, close, which is phenomenal. So really good across the board there. Is these numbers accurate here? 4,000, 4,000?
Callum Hinze: believe so, if I've done my math right, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Selling the three-month packages?
Callum Hinze: Still mostly people just going for the threes, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Are you offering the six-month first and then getting to the three or are offering both?
Callum Hinze: Well, for the ones that seem like they're able to financially, yes, but most just want to do the 12.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: I find it pretty easy to sell for six months, though, for guys that have already completed their 12 weeks as a renewal because at least they have confidence in it all. So that's what I've been sort of trying to push once they're due for the renewal afterwards.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would, um... So are you giving them both the options, or are you giving, like, going for six initially, and then, like, they say it's too expensive, so you get a three?
Callum Hinze: If there's someone who seems like they've got the funds, it's, like, the six-month is the offer, and then if there's a pushback, then the six, sorry, the 12-week is, like, the backup.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. I would, yeah, I would always go for the kill of three, six months, just because it does actually come out to be a better rate. And then if you can kind of break it down to them, it's actually better as a breakdown, because I think the breakdowns for the three-month gold are $1,200 and $1,000 and $400 and $500 a month, whereas the only difference between that and the six-month one is $1,500 and $400 a month, or $1,000, which is the same, and $500 a month from there. So it's the same payment plan, you just don't have to try and re-sign them at the end of it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: As long as they're... Sorry, you go.
Callum Hinze: It's definitely ideal if they do sign. I think a lot of them just get a bit shocked by a big number at first.
Kyle Musca: Are you price anchoring with a higher number still?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah. Not for the six-month, though. Six-month, it's just that is what it is. That's like the highest one. So I feel like six-month almost anchors as the anchor for the 12.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so bring out one higher than that. But, like, get their jaw to drop, you know what mean? So it's like, for this one, man, you know, whatever you call it, I call my platinum. For this one, it's extremely comprehensive, man. We're going to be doing all your blood work. We're going to be prepping you for stage. You wouldn't say this, but, like, for this one, we do blood work, prep for stage, you know, gear protocols, you know, an 18-week comp prep, et cetera, et cetera. I don't think you're going to need that. Like, that one comes out to be $10,000 for six months, but I don't think you're going to need that one, man. That's going to be overkill for you. What I do think will suit you really well. It's the gold package. And that brings it right down to $3,500 for the entire six months.
Callum Hinze: Obviously, it comes out totally a lot more affordable. Yeah, good point.
Kyle Musca: Because like what they're, because yeah, you're giving them $3,500 now and that's the only number they have to sort of cling to. So it seems like it's a big number regardless. And then when you go into three months, then you're essentially doing the same concept, which is I think why they're, you know, biting on it. But you can add, you know, a further one beyond that just to increase the six-month conversions.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, man. Okay. So that's looking fantastic. One thing I reckon we do, man, like again, marketing is doing really well. So we might as well prod and probe different, like different ways to increase overall leads and everything. I have been doing like a lot of looking into like the lead mags and everything, how to get it working properly. I think... think... The biggest issue, I'm pretty sure I messaged you about this the other day, but I think the biggest issue with the one that we ran was it was too practical of a thing to use. So it wasn't creating enough of a gap for them to actually need a coach in the immediate time that we were speaking to them. You know, Ian, so it's like, what I mean by that is like, you you give them a five-day workout split or whatever. They're like, cool, this is the solution to what I've been looking for. Are you interested in coaching? No, I'm going to go do this five-day workout split first. And then, like, by the time they realize that is a small component of where everything goes into it, you know, it's kind of already fizzled out and they're lost. What I reckon we do instead is, you know, a bit of a masterclass where it's a bit more educational and it's a bit more of a video format. Reason for that, a couple of reasons for it. One, they get to start seeing you and your coaching philosophy. If they're going to listen to something for 20, 30 minutes of you talking about a specific topic, they're going to be very bored into who you are. As a coach. The other thing is, can close. So what a lead magnet does, right, is it takes people from the information gathering stage and tries to move them through that a lot faster so they come to get into the buying mindset, right? So essentially what we're doing is we're closing the gap of the information gathering stage. And then in doing that and educating them, we're creating a gap of why they need a coach to solve their problem, if that makes sense. So what we do in the masterclass is we talk about the what but not the how. So for you, for example, you know, how dudes and how men in their 20s and 30s are able to stack on six to eight kilos of muscle over the next 12 weeks, you know, whatever, off the top of my head, without dirty bulking or, you know, whatever, right?
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, or, yeah, you could do one about breaking through plateaus, whatever you want to do, right? And then, you know, they, so for example, this is what I'm putting together now. So how many in their 30s and 40s working 40, 50 hours a week are dropping 10 kilos in 12 weeks or less without crash dieting, destroying their body or giving up their social life? Now, what I do in this is I don't even talk about a calorie deficit or anything like that. I talk about testosterone and everything like that, and I reference some studies. But everything I'm doing, let me find the actual slide, is about, so this whole thing is about structure, accountability, and consistency, right? So. And all we're kind of trying to do with this is break beliefs, right? So where's the information one? Yeah, so information isn't the problem. know, YouTube's existed since 2005. In a world of AI, you've never had more access to more information, right? If that, you know, if information was the missing part, like piece of the puzzle, you know, 72% of Americans wouldn't be, you know, overweight and 43% of adults worldwide overweight. You know what mean? Yeah. And then we're coming into here. So I'm talking about, yeah, this one. So executing an idea alone gives you about a 10% success rate. That's kind of like you saying, I'm going to go start going to the gym on Monday. on going on You got about a 10% success rate of actually seeing it through. Adding a structured plan takes that to about 50%. Adding accountability on top of that with another person takes it to 95%, right? So it's almost guaranteed success, right? Et cetera, et cetera. So again, we're creating the need for a coach here, if that makes sense, right? And we're able to add a lot of social proof in it as we go along as well. So you can see I use examples all the way through, right? Can add a CTA at the back end. Yeah, completely up to you. Most of the time, like, we will add that because you should always add one regardless. But realistically, what we're trying to do is continue the conversation in the DMs. Does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: So what's the deal, Bill? Will like a CTA that triggers them to just DM something and go on from there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it'll be the same as like kind of what we ran before. We'll only do graphics for it simply because like lead magnets, it's a free, you know, giveaway value thing. We don't need to do a full, you one minute long video because people aren't going to really watch it to get that out of it. But like all they need to do is just see that they get something of value for free and they'll click like that message through so it's easier to turn around. Yeah. And then, so pretty much exactly the same funnel as what we ran with the other lead magnet. It's just this lead magnet is designed to be not as practical. It's designed to create more of a gap.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. How are they, how are they access it? Just like a link to the video link or is it in another platform?
Kyle Musca: So what we, I mean, you can just do it on Loom if you really wanted to, you don't need landing pages and all that . Um, obviously. If you have a CTA, probably want a landing page just to obviously give them something to click on. But what you could do, so what we've done for Bree is for her non-qualified, it just sends them straight to the Loom video, for example. And then for the qualified ones, it sends them into an opt-in page, which you can do in jot form, just like name, email, phone, right? Click their data. And then it takes them through to the next stage, which either could be a Loom video or it could be an actual landing page, depending on what you want to do. And it just redirects them as soon as they fill it out.
Callum Hinze: Okay. And then once they've viewed it on that platform, it'll prompt them to DM us something to get their convos back through Insta?
Kyle Musca: No. So the set will just sort of take over from that because they'll already be in the DMs to get the thing. So the DM set will just like sort of take over. But again, the good thing about this is like while they're, you know, waiting for you, To have that conversation, they can engage with a longer form piece of content material from you and get really bought into who you are.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. That makes a lot of sense. All right. What did you say about 30 minutes? You make the loom go for?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, about 20, 30 minutes of the thing.
Callum Hinze: So do you use Claude? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. So what I'll do is I'll send you these three things. And then what I would do is create a project for it. Let's copy this into Claude. Yeah, I would create a presentation document for it. So. What I'm talking about there. So you'll see presentation, like an actual project, and you'll see all my project documents in there.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yep. And then it'll just help prompt that up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this one here is the master prompt to use. Now, what I would recommend you doing is going in like deep researching. So for example, turn on the research thing. Actually, before you do that, right, I would give it a prompt. So like I want to create a 20 to 30-minute masterclass specifically for men in their 20s and 30s who, whatever your topic is, you know, want to stack on six to eight kilos of lean muscle over the next 12 weeks without dirty bulking, yadda, yadda, yadda, whatever your topic is, right? Yeah. And then tell it to write yours. A really in-depth prompt that you can feed back into the AI, Claude, to then go do deep research on. So it will write you the prompt. But be specific. I want to understand everything to do around the training, the nutrition, the mindset, the habits, the environmental factors, the pains, the dream outcomes, the physical attributes they're trying to chase, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, about this specific topic. So do not cut any corners. So the master prompt will tell it to, like, reinforce it to really go out of its way to research as much as humanly possible. And then once you've got that mega guide, you'll basically just have to chuck it in with the master prompt, and it should have all the information to build your presentation from there.
Callum Hinze: Okay. And then it's just chuck on Canva and make it look pretty and we're good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'll probably get a graphic design for that, but yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. All right. Easy. That's pretty crazy, I? All right. What do you reckon then? Do you reckon the best one to do is just like stack on a bunch of size without getting fat?
Kyle Musca: That's the best sort of title? Yeah, I would do, you could always do a couple for you. Like obviously a lot of your guys seem to like want to stack on muscle. So, you know, that's definitely obviously an angle you could come from. Another one would be like maybe how to, you know, increase testosterone and muscle mass or something like that.
Callum Hinze: You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I reckon the two most common things I get is how to get big without getting fat and how to get lean without getting skinny. So I'd probably just start off those two maybe and have a couple alternates.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A hundred percent. So, yeah. And then again, try and be the same as anything. Try and be real tangible with the, specifically with the title, because this is what's going to draw people in.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, you might want to do how to... It could even be like, how to shred 10 to 15 kilos over the next 90 days without losing muscle mass and looking skinny.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know mean?
Callum Hinze: Have you run these yourself? You've done some of these sort of just general masterclassings yourself, eh?
Kyle Musca: Not ever properly, but I literally, after seeing Breeze one and how well it's performing, I went and created this one, I recorded it yesterday, so I'm getting that ready to launch, essentially. Because it's just, it's performing, like, ridiculously well.
Callum Hinze: Okay, I was just, I was going to ask, it is performing well, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, the numbers on it are insane. Like, she's getting, like, $3 per lead. Her cost per acquisition, yeah, last week was, like, $88. If they're yours, even with a nice refined funnel, it's still $478,000, you know what I mean? So for that to be at $88,000 was ridiculous. And she only spent like $350,000 and she contracted like $15,000 from it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, right. Yeah, okay, I'll give that a crack for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and it was sitting at a 44X return on investment.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. And then what do you say, just graphics for those? Yeah, we just need graphics.
Kyle Musca: So, hers, it was, we have to see it here actually. Yeah, $3.41 per result. The capi wasn't pulling over. Leads properly for some reason, like it just glitched out heavily. But if we go from like here, I think it's been fixed. Yeah, it's a $6.68 per lead and that's a qualified lead. But this is the graphic sheet you ran for it.
Callum Hinze: Ah, super simple.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'm looking for girls 25 to 35 who want to lose 8 to 10 kilos in 90 days. I've created a free masterclass to teach you how, what's actually inside. Why you keep losing the same 3 kilos and gaining it back. the sustainable approach that doesn't require you to be miserable. How to lose 8 to 10 kilos without surviving on salad and sadness. The exact foundations my clients use to keep it off a good DME 90.
Callum Hinze: Okay. So simple.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: I can do those together this week.
Kyle Musca: I also, if you want to as well, I also spent a lot of time. Oh, it's not in that Canva account, gosh dammit. I spent a lot of time with Lucky, making sure that he actually did the graphics properly on Canva. So hopefully that will make it a little bit easier to get  done.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But he, I mean, he came up pretty good towards the end. There was still stuff I had to tweak, but, yeah.
Callum Hinze: That was good to me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, again, still stuff to, I had to tweak him a decent amount. Again, I spent a lot of time teaching him how to do it, but, I mean, he got it for the most part. Yeah. Yeah, cool, man. Any questions on either?
Callum Hinze: Nah, straightforward. I'll get that done ASAP because I like the looks of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think it's a bit of a game changer because I was sitting there  just thinking like, yeah, why was your lead name just not converting? But it does make a lot of sense that it was just too practical of a thing to give away because there's no need for a coach if you just give them a training program.
Callum Hinze: That, and I also think just a program is so simple. People are like, oh, yeah, I'll take a free program. Without really caring enough to actually want to invest in taking things seriously. Whereas if they're going to watch a video, they probably want some help.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Also, probably, yeah, once they download it, they'll probably never look at it again type thing.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I've been talking to the ones that got on calls. I was like, oh, how's the program going? They're like, oh, haven't looked at it yet.
Kyle Musca: Oh, all right. Yeah, yeah. I spoke to James Board and Sam Board about how they run it as well because I was interested. just didn't. They were doing exactly what we're doing. They just deal with so many, so much volume that it can work from. But even then, they've said that it's not been doing very well for them the last couple of months. So again, I just, I think it's just, yeah, not creating enough of a gap, which is what this is designed to do.
Callum Hinze: Fair enough. Fair enough. I'll get to work on that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You might even want to, you know, gradually create, you a few of them so we can just test different ones.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. There's so many different topics I can think of.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. The other, so those ones are designed to maximize sales conversions. But another one you could also do is actually create proper educational ones and double them up. So one, you can use them as a lead magnet, but you can also give them to the guys in your team and actually create like a bit of a video course out of it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, may as well, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. We'll start with the sales conversion one. We can look at that.
Callum Hinze: All right. Let's see. I'll get to slap that together for sure.
Kyle Musca: That's great. Anything else you want to cover?
Callum Hinze: Last week, we were talking about making some graphics up for like a US market. I haven't done it yet. Do you think that's still worthwhile or do you reckon because these ones have been doing so well lately, it's not a priority?
Kyle Musca: I mean, it depends if you want to take on more calls.
Callum Hinze: Well, definitely. Would it be worthwhile like distributing some of the current ad spend onto a US market if it's doing so well now?
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't do it right now. It wouldn't be a bad idea to have them in the back pocket.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So have them ready to go for maybe later. Yeah. I mean, the other thing as well is we could just use this masterclass to dabble in that as well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I'm very... Very curious to try it, but I'm like, oh, I don't really want to, like, step away if what's working now is working, straight away at least.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we won't remove what is working, we'll just add on top of it. But again, that's kind of a two birds, one stone thing, because if we create that, then we can always just create stuff around the US market for it and test it. But, I mean, we'll create it first and we'll just assess what we want to do at the time.
Callum Hinze: Okay, cool. Well, I'll prioritize making those masterclass things then first.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then, again, with Graphic, Lucky actually being able to make the graphics properly, it should take a  huge weight off our shoulders.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, and you used Lucky as well for the actual presentation graphic things as well, the slideshow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I do now, got him to, because I basically put up a post on Upwork looking for it, looking for a new one, because he's too expensive to do him too much. And he came back to me, he's like, I'll do them for like $2 per slide.
Callum Hinze: Oh, really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: What was he charging beforehand?
Kyle Musca: I think it was like $5 per slide or something like that.
Callum Hinze: I might mention that he's doing two for you then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just, like I've found with Lucky, he's like, just pull away from him and he'll come running back. So he's like, no stress, man, I can understand. I'm just trying to find someone that will do it affordable enough to do it long-term. And he'll be like, oh, for you, I'll do $2.
Callum Hinze: Okay. He does. He always, every now and then, reaches out asking for more work, so he seems eager.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just have a chat with him, see how he goes about.
Callum Hinze: Sweet as, sweet as, I'm keen for that.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. If you get stuck with any of it, just let me know and we can get from there.
Callum Hinze: Sweet. All right. Sounds good to me. I'll get amongst it. I'll get amongst it.
Kyle Musca: Okay, great. Awesome, man. All right.
Callum Hinze: Just keep it pumping. Easy stuff. All right.
Kyle Musca: Thanks again for that. Cheers, man.
Callum Hinze: Thanks, sir.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.


>>> 166/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-15T08:14:01Z | id:138084397
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How you going?
Arran Humphreys: Good, man. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. How's things?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, pretty good, bro. You sup?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that's fine recently, but I'm bored. It's not a bad problem. No, not at all. Good, man. How's things been last week?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, pretty good, bro. Last week was a bit of a banger. Had heaps. This week we got a few – today I didn't have any calls, so I've got a fair few calls booked tomorrow, but it was actually not too bad today. I got a heap of  done I've been trying to get done for a while, so that was good. But, yeah, last week, bro, biggest – Biggest week to date, revenue-wise, which I was pretty stoked about. So that was cool. But I'm sure, man, 18 grand's not mine. No, I was pretty stoked on that. So that was cool. But yeah, bro, other than that, it's going well. Had a fair few, like, fair few calls there. Like, it was probably my lowest close rate. I think a lot of them, like, just didn't, just purely didn't have the money. And then there was a few that I just couldn't get over the line. Like, they seemed like they had the money, but I just couldn't get them over the line. So that was a bit frustrating. But all in all, was pretty happy with how everything went, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. If need be, and you feel like you need it, just let me know. And I can always arrange some time, training time with Tommy or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Just to get you some extra sort of reps in, some feedback. Is this all accurate?
Arran Humphreys: Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: So where does the 18 grand week fall into this?
Arran Humphreys: So that is like, so the 18 grand is like, so this is going off essentially for that month. So it's going from the 1st to the 8th to the 15th. But the 18 grand, because it's coming off the NUI, goes from, you know, my payment day. So from a Thursday to the Thursday, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay.
Arran Humphreys: So I do the revenue just what the NUI week says.
Kyle Musca: Right.
Arran Humphreys: So a lot of it comes from my reoccurring as well, which is like pizza monthlies.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. And this is how much you've actually collected on the calls?
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. So you've gotten all paid in fulls this week?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Arran Humphreys: And I had quite a few organics as well.
Kyle Musca: Okay. How many organics did you get?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, what's that say down there? Yeah, those ones, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Arran Humphreys: This week, the organics. Oh, I think I've got one call booked in for organic. But like, as you know, the organic comes and goes in waves.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Last week, did you have 15 organic bookings?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. So that was all the magic hat.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right. Okay. Okay. That makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Well, that pulled through very nicely for you. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, yeah, we  off the, yeah, we  off the tradie ones completely. The job title ones seem to be.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I seem to be getting a lot more people who are actually going, not just clicking on that, a lot of people are actually going through with the many chat automation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think we've said it multiple times, our tradies are just , yeah,  them both. I wouldn't mind still trying out the fly-in, fly-out stuff and just targeting them, but.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, well, I've got all that ready as well, so we may as well give it a go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful, so, and this thing doesn't  struggle so hard to load, mate. There we go. It's coming there. It's getting there. Cool. I'm pretty interested to see how the organic sort of style ads go. Yeah. So as you can see, it's dumping a lot onto this one, and it's pulling an okay cost per lead. I was looking at this morning on whether or not I want to turn it off, but the risk there is if we turn it off, nothing to say that the rest of them will actually do any better. So I just want to see if that continues to come down. If it creeps up, I'll probably turn it off.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: We'll review these.
Arran Humphreys: He's just making, he's got to get in and make some shorter versions. Something to do as well, but they all run a little bit longer. But I was pretty happy with the, I guess, the script that I came up. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. A of  more fruit for them to piss me off. Have you got graphics to go with them?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so they're just uploading to me, Google Drive for you.
Kyle Musca: If you're an Aussie lad working FIFO, you're earning good coin, and you've got the lot. Well, immediately straight off the bat, I can hear the tones better as well.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, amazing. Style balance. You're disciplined enough to work away from home, from your family, on weeks on end, in places most people couldn't even handle. So why is your health the one area you let in slip? After working with FIFO blokes for years, I've realized there's a pattern that nobody really warned you about. Year one. Way better, man. Way better. to manage all right. The second year rolls around. And those portion sizes from the mess seem to get bigger. And year three, you're looking in the mirror and you're wondering, what the  happened? So you try a  PDF challenge. You get a coach who's never been in the position you are today. You don't see any results. You get burnt out and you decide to throw in the towel. This is my boy, Harry. Harry came to me and he was stuck, feeling unmotivated, and he didn't know where to go.
Arran Humphreys: Six months later, we lost 35 kilos and he's a completely different man. Now, I built a system that worked for me while I was out on site. I've now helped over 250 bloats completely transform using those exact same steps. I've taken this system and I've bundled it into my 12-week challenge. Nice. Within the challenge, you'll have four. Hey, that same dude. But I just sort of told him what he sort of needs to improve on from the last one and that. And he seemed to get it pretty good this time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Ron?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, that Medi, yeah, Medi.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. This is one of probably the best edits I've seen from Medi, to be honest.
Arran Humphreys: It's not bad, eh? was pretty  happy.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry.
Arran Humphreys: What was that? I'm pretty happy with it, yeah.
Kyle Musca: A1 Performance app, a nutrition plan designed for your days. for this? Within the challenge, you'll have full access to my A1 Performance app, a nutrition plan designed. , it didn't pause. , can't get out of here. On-screen stuff. Okay, so it's not letting me drop a comment, but what I would do here is if you're going to talk about features and benefits and stuff of the app, which I think you should do because you can cut it out, but tell him to either you get screen recordings and send it to him so he can put it on-screen or just get him access to your app, either one.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you know what I'm sort of talking about?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know what you're on about. I've seen it in your ads, so I'd do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just so they can physically see what they're getting in a performance app, a nutrition plan designed. Days on and days off so you're no longer guessing what to eat. A workout routine designed for  side gyms and a home gym so you're no longer losing track of your progress. I coach by your side the entire way, keeping you accountable and giving you support when needed. On top of this, you'll have your chance to win a share of $5,000 worth of prizes. Now I'm that confident that this works if you give it your all and you follow all the steps of the process and you're generally not happy with your results, I refund you your money and I give you some cash for waiting your time. Now this isn't for apprentices or blokes not ready to give it a go. If you're ready to put in the work and you generally do want to make a change, DM me the word challenge, I will get you on track today. There's only 25 spots and 10 of them are gone, so don't put this up any longer. DM me challenge, let's  go. Now, you didn't add an end date to this?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, because I didn't want us to get limited, you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, good, good, good, good, good. Because then we can just run the challenge as long as we want.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, if that's what I was thinking, I'm like, I'm not for a  date because I don't I how long it'll take, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: And these are just different, like the three different versions?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, these are just three different hooks.
Kyle Musca: You've got a lot to work with him, I'm just fantastic. Every bloke of coaches that work long hours and have real responsibility have told me the same thing. I've tried it all before and now- Are they all for fly-and-play or have you expanded out here?
Arran Humphreys: I think this broad script, this is broad script.
Kyle Musca: This is not for FIFO. Okay, so we can, yeah. It seems to work. I took that as a challenge and I've proven wrong. This is my boy, Harry. He works as a Sparky in the hot summer heat. came to me feeling pretty stuck. He tried it all before, but nothing seemed to shift away. Six months later, we're down 35 kgs and he looks and feels like a completely different bloke. Here's Jesse. Jesse. What I would always do, similar to Pricing Man, is, especially when you're doing like kilogram weight loss, do it with the weeks associated, weeks, not months, because then it's like more of a one-to-one. I mean, if you say 35 kilos in six months does sound like a lot, but if you're like, you he cut 35 kilos in 24 weeks, in 24 weeks he cut 35 kilos, that sounds like an even crazier result, even though it's the exact same  thing.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. No, I get that.
Kyle Musca: I get that. CK and me juggling a busy schedule at home and work. The same deal. He tried it all before and nothing seemed to budge the weight. 12 weeks later, we're down 10 kgs. He's feeling like a new bloke and the physique speaks for itself. Here's Luke. Luke came to me looking pretty soft. He had a packed schedule and we needed a plan that was going to work around him. 12 weeks later, we're down 12 kgs, maintained every bit of muscle and his lifestyle remained the same. Three blokes, different lives, different jobs, different schedules, but they all ended up with the same result. But every single one of them said the same thing before we even started. I've tried it all before and I don't really think it'll work, but every plan they'd been following wasn't designed for a lifestyle like this. There's zero responsibilities all the time in the world. And quite frankly, it wasn't even. And enjoyable. Once you've built a plan around our lives, the schedules, and as you made training fun again, the results were guaranteed to come. Now, I can implement this exact same system into your life to help you get on your fitness journey. Within the A1 structure, you'll have full access to my app. Within the app, you're going to have a nutrition plan designed specifically for you and your needs. And then what I usually do is I just cut out transformations and then cut out features and benefits.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. Yeah. To make it short, like four shorter versions, and then we just test all three. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Right.
Kyle Musca: What you might want to do, though, and what I do do is, like, I'll have a version where the transformations stay the same, but the features is cut out. I'll have a version where the social proof is cut out, the features are in it, and then I'll have a version where they're both cut out.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Let me. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Workout routine designed for any gym out there and your specific physique goals. One-on-one support the entire way so you're no longer feeling like you're in the dark and constant support 24-7 whenever you need it. Now I'm that confident in my system. that if you give it your all and you're generally not happy with your results, I refund you your money and I give you some cash for wasting your time. Now, Harry, Jesse, and Luke are no different to you. And if you generally want to see results just like this, you are more than capable of doing so. So if that's something you're keen on, DM me the word change and we'll get you going today. Now, this isn't for apprentices or blokes just trying to  around. It's for lads who are really ready to make a shift in their life. So don't push this down the road any longer. If you're generally ready to give it a go, DM me the word change. Nice, man. Did you just do this over top of your head or did you write scripts wrong?
Arran Humphreys: I've been just – so I wrote them, put them into my clawed and then I gave clawed a heap of  and then it's been sort of learning and now it's been on them out pretty good, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. Nice. The only thing I would say, only critique I have, which I haven't even watched enough of them to really critique. We'll see here. There's a version of you that your income, career, and lifestyle says you should be. But when you take your shirt off, those two don't line up. That sounds familiar. See, something like that. So one thing creative AI is not great at is like being specific and tangible with its creative writing. So there's three ways I kind of look at how people write scripts, right? What the  is that thing? There's this where they'll just say this. There's a version of you that your income, career, and lifestyle says you should be. And then they'll go, they'll say something really like vague. You know what mean? Like where it could apply to anyone. It could, you could be talking to  people that are interested in business. You could be talking to people interested in fitness and weight loss. You could be talking to people that are interested in dating and relationships. It's just a very vague sort of statement. Then there's what you've done here, which is the middle ground where you do relate it to the things that people know what you're talking about, which is this part. When you take your shirt off, those two don't line up. If that sounds familiar, this is for you. So based off that, people can assume that it's about weight loss and fitness, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then there's what I... So always like to go for is adding a really, being really, really specific and really, really tangible. It's like using as much as humanly possible. And the only thing that would change from that is- Shirt off, those two don't line up. But when you take your shirt off, you're still holding that extra 8 to 12 kilos of fat.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because then it's like exactly what you're talking about.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I think some of the hooks may be like that, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So if some of them like that, then fantastic. I mean, you just tried it for once. But just so you can sort of keep in mind, like with what we want to do, especially in the hook, I've found, is just be like so specific that the person we're talking to has no doubt we're talking to them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Without crossing the line of being like, you know, marketing and gay, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Like if you're like, if you're a, you know, if you're a corporate man, you know what mean? It's just like, that's just, that's gay, you know what mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, finding the middle ground of what sounds natural, but still able to be really specific.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that sounds familiar, this is for you. Here's something almost no one says out loud, but every hard-working Aussie bloke feels. There's a bloke you are, competent, reliable, and someone people count on. However, when you look in the mirror, those two don't line up. You've done everything right. You built the career, showed up for your family, and took care of everything and everyone around you. But when life got busy, the first thing that went out the window was your own health. So now you avoid... The only thing with this is it's probably not enough eye engagement. So if you're going to do these talking ones, man, why not try and have something in the background, like just an open background, for example, that has a little bit more depth to it, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You might even want to do it like walking or something like that, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so just some more  going on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like you don't want anything distracting or anything like that. And then what would obviously be better is like, if there is some kind of like... Cut or overlay or something like that, ideally within every four seconds.
Arran Humphreys: Rightio.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Can be hard for some things, but like here was the last overlay, which was at 11.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, rightio. Well, I sort of, I said to him, just keep it more natural. I didn't know how we were heading. So still getting to do overlays and .
Kyle Musca: It's a tricky one. Like you don't want to overdo it and everything like that. It obviously has to be relevant to what you're talking about. Um, and you don't want like get like, um, you don't want like just  stock footage and stuff like that. Like, so it's hard to find things that actually like do apply to it. But as a general rule of thumb, you just don't it too long without nothing happening on screen because it can just be a bit mundane.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You showed up for your family and took care of everything and everyone around you. But when life got busy, the first thing that went out the window was your own health.
Arran Humphreys: So now you avoid looking in mirrors. You don't like take. Your speech and tone and everything has definitely improved.
Kyle Musca: Your own family and friends and the beach sounds like a  nightmare to you. The worst part isn't how you look, it's how you're feeling. Your energy's low, you don't have any motivation, and your libido's taking a hit. Now this gap between who you are and how you feel in your own skin is exactly why I built my challenge Fit for More. It's a 12-week challenge designed specifically for blokes just like you to help them strip their first 10kg of fat in 12 weeks or less. Within the challenge, you'll get complete access to my A1 Performance app, a completely custom-made nutrition plan designed around your lifestyle and your needs, a workout routine designed for any gym out there, and one-on-one support along the entire journey. Now on top of that, you'll be in the running to win a share of $5,000 worth of prizes. Now I'm that confident that this system works. If you give it your all and you're generally not happy with your results, I'll refund your money and I'll give you some cash for waste. Yeah, nice. Nice. If you're an Aussie FIFO worker and you feel like you're stuck in that constant loop, you're binging on your days off, you feel like you can't do anything productive on your days on, and quite frankly, you're just being stuck in that same loop. See how that's like a bit vague? Because it's like, what loop are they stuck in? Like most people could make the connection, but there's also a lot of retards out there. You know what mean? Like you can be talking about maybe a mental health thing, for example.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It does apply to it, but then, you know, they're not, you know, you're bringing in the wrong type of lead, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Listen up, on-site, you tell yourself you can't do much about it. MSV is pretty shocking. The gym's top average, and you're doing 12-hour days, so an extra couple hours sleep is worth more than an early morning session. So you blow another swing, you just go through the motions, and you tell yourself this next day's off is when you're going to lock in. You get home, you've got a week or two to recover, you catch up with friends and family, you get some odd jobs done. And the last thing you want to be doing is punishing yourself in the gym. So instead you rest up, somehow you've got Uber Eats every day, you've polished a couple of bags down your nose, and you're a couple of cartons deep throughout the week with your mates. Now if the day's off or over and you find yourself packing a bag, it's ready to go back out of the world. So one thing I'd do in the future is just try and minimize it, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You'll get better because mine were the exact same. Especially when I was doing it off the top of my head, I would just speak too much because it doesn't feel like you're saying, that much when you do it, but like it can, it's all good. Like it's, it's what you're saying is perfect. It just can cause people to drop off, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Just try to keep it like straight to the point as quick as possible.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like what you did there was great, but probably only have like maybe one, you know what I mean? In terms of, yeah. Next day's off is when you're going to lock it, duck in that same loop. want you to listen up. On site, you tell yourself you can't do much about it. The mass phase is pretty. The gym's half average, and you're doing 12-hour days, so an extra couple hours sleep is worth more than an early morning session. So that's the problem? You blow another sweat, just go through the motions, and you tell yourself this next day's off is when you're going to lock in. That is probably where you'd cut it off, because that was basically problem, problem.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that makes sense now, now that I think about it. It's just like listing . It's like you get the point.
Kyle Musca: Which is all good. But it just drags the video. Like, both of what you said was fantastic.
Arran Humphreys: They probably could just use their own videos for it, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: At home, you've got a week or two to recover. You catch up with friends and family. You get some odd jobs done. And the last thing you want to be doing is punishing yourself in the gym. See, that's still a problem.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, like three, one after another.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Your couple cartons deep throughout the week with your mates. Now, the days off are over and you find yourself packing your bags ready to go back out of the work. The reason I know this is because I've helped. So that was sort of agitation problem. Somehow you've got Uber Eats punishing yourself in the gym. So instead you rest up. Somehow you've got Uber Eats every day. You polished a couple bags down your nose and your couple cartons deep throughout the week with your mates.
Arran Humphreys: Now, the days off are over and you find yourself packing your bags ready to go back out of the work. So I would classify that as agitation. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You might even want to get them to, you know, potentially cut out that second problem part as a shorter version.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. That's what I might do. I might do that.
Kyle Musca: The reason I know this is because I've helped hundreds of blokes in your exact position. What I would do for these ones is like, again, for the transmissions, we can use the same ones over and over again, but we want the best ones. You know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I can compare to some of the other ones we've seen. Like that, you know, we've made some results here, but. Yeah, it's not hectic.
Arran Humphreys: hectic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like we want to look at these and be like, holy .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Every one of the lads I've worked with have tried it before. They've got burnt out and quite frankly, they were just following a plan that wasn't suited to their last style. This is my boy, Zach. Zach came to me. He's... Problem agitation. ...tried it all before and he wasn't getting the results he wanted. Started with me 12 weeks later. He dropped his first 10kg and we looked like a completely different bloke.
Arran Humphreys: Now results like these don't come by chance and that's exactly why I built my challenge Fit for More. So now we're only getting into the solution here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So what you're going to do, what I would recommend doing is if you're going to do problem agitation solution with social proof in it, which I think you should do, I would do problem agitation solution, social proof, CTA.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. You what I mean?
Kyle Musca: You have to, like you throw the solution and then tie it into how you've been. You have to help other people from that. So that's exactly why I've just designed my brand new 12-week fit for more challenge. It's the exact systems or concepts or whatever that I've used to help over 500 other men get in the best physical and mental shape of their life condensed into a 12-week program or condensed into a 12-week challenge.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. It's the exact system that helped.
Kyle Musca: Lifestyle. This is my boy, Zach. Zach came to me. tried to... It's the exact system that helped Zach cut 12 kilos of fat in 12 weeks. And he wasn't getting the results he wanted. started with me. 12 weeks later, he dropped his first 10 kg, and we looked like a completely different bloke. And results like these don't come by chance. And that's exactly why I built my challenge fit for more. And unless you're going to do like a script where it's meant to be around social proof, I would... Just get used to rapid firing them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: This is the exact same system that helps Zach cut 10 kilos in 12 weeks. Mark will cut 11 kilos in 12 weeks.
Arran Humphreys: James cut 15 kilos in 12 weeks. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You don't need a story as much on these because like proof plan promise is one where you tell a little bit more of a story because we're trying to focus the attention on the transmissions.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: More. That's a 12-week challenge designed for blokes who are tired and poor, sick and tired of looking the way they are, and ready to give it a good crack. Within the challenge, you'll get everything you need. A nutrition plan for on-site and off-site, workout routine designed for a  site gym and a home gym, one-on-one support the entire way, and a chance of winning $5,000 worth of prizes. Now, I'll put my money where my mouth is. If you follow all the processes, give it your all, and you're generally not happy with your results, I'll refund you your money, give you some cash, to waste your time. Now, this is... Yeah, these are... These are... Sick, man. I really like how these came up. I would just go through and, like, heavily cut them down where you can.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Now, the other thing as well, you might have done in some of the other hooks, I would, like, we've got plenty of video content here, but even just for future's sake, whenever you're running an offer like this, I would create some where the whole sort of script, especially definitely the hooks, for example. I'm all about launch.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You I think that's what, that's what sparks people's curiosity. One that works fantastic there is obviously, you know, proof, proof plan promise. Like, I'm, you know, lads, I'm excited to announce I've just launched my brand new 12-week Fit for More challenge designed to strip, you know, designed specifically for lads working fly and fly out to strip 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's the exact same system that helped, you know, again, Michael cut. Michael, a fly-in, fly-out worker, a rig manager in Perth, cut, you know, whatever the . Then you'd tell a little bit more of a story on those.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. But otherwise, like these will come up. They already did come up really well, but just from a time perspective, they'll come up mint if you just sort of cut out the parts that aren't necessary.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Is there any other ones that we haven't watched yet?
Arran Humphreys: There would have been just another type of organic ones.
Kyle Musca: Did you just do the Passer script for all of them?
Arran Humphreys: One of them was like, one of them was more social proof at the beginning.
Kyle Musca: Okay. one of was of Do you remember if that was a broad or a flying flower?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, I can't remember what one that was then. But I don't know what one took them, watched. I think there was two more organic ones. Yeah, we haven't watched this one, I don't think.
Kyle Musca: I suppose I think being out of shape is a cosmetics problem, but it's a bit deeper than that, brother. If you work big hours, you do big days, and you're feeling flat, , and tired after every single swing, this is for you.
Arran Humphreys: Everyone cares about how they look. Yeah, that matters, but that extra couple kgs is costing you a whole lot more than you think. You wake up feeling tired, pushing through the day. So is this still, like, problem? That's, like, still saying problem. So I was just trying to sort of come from a different angle, I suppose. Like, energy, appearance. Like, I was just trying to hit different angles, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which is exactly what you should do. So problem is, like, obviously the problem they're facing. And then agitation is, like, the... Elevation and escalation of that.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So the problem is, so if we re-watch that. Most folks think being out of shape is a cosmetics problem. You know, so even there, again, just on that, like, to try and get specific. Most blokes think carrying, most blokes, most blokes who are carrying around 10 to 15 extra kilos of fat, you know, think it's just a cosmetics problem.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: A bit deeper than that, brother. If you work big hours, you do big days, and you're feeling flat, , and tired after every single swing, this is for you. Everyone cares about how they look. Yeah, that matters, but that extra couple kgs is costing you a whole lot more than you think. So that's a problem. You wake up feeling tired, pushing through the day on coffee and willpower. By the time the afternoon hits, you've got nothing left. No time for the people that matter. No time for further commitments. And you just get stuck in a vicious cycle. Your confidence is taking a bigger hit. Realize you avoid situations just because you may have to take your shirt off. You don't show up in rooms. You know you should. Now we're doing the opposite of the other one where we did problem and now it's agitation, agitation.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, too many. Too many agitations.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So it's like when you're doing these, I would think of solving like one really specific problem.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, which is what you're doing here, but you're just expanding on it. So through the day on coffee and willpower. So this is energy. The time the afternoon hits, you've got nothing left. No time for the people that matter. No time for further commitments. And you just get stuck in a vicious cycle. That's still energy. So that applies to that. So that's probably what, like, if you're going to cut out anything, it would be the next part.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And again, you can have two different versions. can have one where it's agitation focused on energy and that one where it's agitation focused on, you know, confidence.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Your confidence has taken a bigger hit than you even realized. You avoid situations just because you may have to take your shirt off. You don't show up in rooms. You know you should be owning. You're starting to second-guess yourself in ways. You never used to. So it's more than just a beer belly. The feeling of being stuck, the low energy, the low motivation, it bleeds into things that actually matter. Yeah. So what we did there was agitation, agitation, and then agitation.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. You were just going hard at the agitation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's like, you can just cut that stuff down.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Present yourself on a day-to-day basis. So here's the part of those things. You also included status in there as well.
Arran Humphreys: You know, walk in the room.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry, avoiding rooms that you know you should be in and stuff. So it's like, that's another very big one is status. Another big one is, you know, confidence to ask girls out, for example. Be with a partner you want to be with.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. There seems to be ones you could go. Like, there's like subsections of them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But to be fair, you could umbrella the agitation. With, let's say, three different subsections. So it's like if you did confidence, it's like confidence to take your shirt off the beach, confidence to ask, you know, the girls out that you actually want to date or, you know.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I get you. I get you.
Kyle Musca: You've probably just accepted it and you've decided it is what it is. You've been burnt out in the past. You've tried  PDF plans and you've gotten a coach that wasn't even there for you when you needed it. This is exactly why I built my team. That was technically more agitation. Technically problem, actually. Problem, agitation, agitation, agitation, Challenge fit for more. a 12-week challenge designed for blokes with real responsibilities, a busy lifestyle, and who are ready to give it a crack. The exact system that I've helped transform over 250 blokes just like you with a busy lifestyle and real commitments. You'll get everything you need. A completely custom-made nutrition plan for days on and days off. A workout routine. Same thing without getting some stuff on screen. $5,000 worth of prizes. Now, I'm that confident that this works if you give it your all and you're generally not happy with your results or refunding your money and give you some cash for waste. So even that, like if you're trying to shorten it, you could even cut out the guarantee as well.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, this is for apprentices or blokes just wanting to mess around. It's for lads who are sick and tired of being in the position they are today. Now, if that sounds like you and you're up for a challenge and you generally want to make a change, give me the word now and we'll get to work. Yeah, perfect, man. Cool. Yeah, so they're, again, very good across the board. It's just a matter of like cutting them down, which is just a fairly easy answer to make, to be honest. Yeah, absolutely. And then, yeah, massive, massive improvement.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I'm getting better, getting the time better, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And that will help you massively with everything you do. Yeah, perfect, man. How do you, do you want to go tell Mehdi to cut some?
Arran Humphreys: Some of that stuff down before we get them up? Or what do you want to do there? Oh, whatever you recommend. I'll, as soon as I get off the phone, I'll put all those comments in and tell them to do that . I'm pretty, I'm pretty cruisy, man. Whatever you'd like to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: If you think it's worth it, just waiting.
Kyle Musca: I reckon we might as well give it the best opportunity possible. So I'd probably drop the comments because it shouldn't take him that long to do that.
Arran Humphreys: It's just cutting parts of the clip out to get them back up.
Kyle Musca: And then we can get them up and running straight away. Do you have the fly-in-fly-out graphics ready?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, they're just uploaded to the Google Drive. So hopefully they're up there by tonight. Is that the internet or what's that? No, I have no  idea. I do it off the phone. I do it off the Wi-Fi. It's . But what I'm actually going to try to do, I think it, I think. It needs to be open all time, so I'm going to do it on my laptop and just keep it on the screen. Hopefully, it's like an hour.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, okay.
Arran Humphreys: Because I think the phone, if it's not staying on the screen, for mine, it doesn't keep going. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. Do you... Can you send them to me on WhatsApp? They might not come in best quality, but just so we can review them.
Arran Humphreys: On the WhatsApp?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just even just a few, just so we can kind of review them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. They are on.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sis.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, they're actually broad ones, bro. So these are more broad ones that I've got ready. So we could look at them. They're pretty much very similar to what I did. So I can do  the FIFO one straight away, actually, after this as well.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. If you want, just because... The hardest thing with the  graphics is actually designing the . I've trained my graphic designer all of last week to do these ones in Canva. He's a graphic designer, but he was  pretty retarded doing this. But this way, if you want to, you can just sort of send him, obviously, the script to go with, the text to go with it.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Instead of doing it in Instagram.
Kyle Musca: Completely up to you, whatever you want to do. But, yeah, if you want to save yourself the time.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. That would probably be pretty handy. Because I've got all my scripts there, too, ready to go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's just an option. You don't have to do it, of course. I just ... Tidus is  about what I'm talking Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, well, if you can send that fella through, bro, that would be handy as , to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he doesn't, like, ask him first, but I think it's between, like, three to five USD per one.
Arran Humphreys: Well, that's sort of worth it, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: He's pretty good for everything as well, by the way. Like, he's much better at building, like, and, like, actual graphic design  than that, but he should be pretty good at, like, again.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, like doing, say, like, you know, lead magnets and  like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: I actually made, like, a little one up this week, like a, like a little sweet treat,  calorie-friendly guide that I'm going to try to run up for, like, bit of a.
Kyle Musca: I found lead magnets that you have to practice. Lead magnets seem to work best when they're more informational video stuff, where you can teach the what but not the how. So for example, what I was doing with one of my other clients, his name is Cal, we did a lead magnet where it was a five-day workout split. And it was getting good leads through it in terms of cost per lead. The conversions were   on it. It just wasn't converting into sales. And I was sort of beating my head like, why isn't this not converting? All the metrics are looking good for it. There's just nothing coming through at all. And then I ran one with Bree where it's like a 30-minute masterclass, like fat loss masterclass for women in their 30s or whatever. And that is pulling in like so ridiculously  hard, like the most insane metrics I've probably ever seen. And I kind of like pieced together, it's because like the five-day split is like, it's something practical. So there's no need for a coach to then and there. You know what I mean? It's like, well, yeah, yes, I'm struggling and I want to lose weight. We still got the hand raises, but I don't need a coach right now because I've got this, you know, five-day training split to go do, this, you know, eating out, cheat sheet, or whatever you're going to do, right?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas with the masterclass, so what people that are interested in the lead magnet, the idea of what we're trying to do there is 3% of your audience is going to be in a buying mindset where they know, you know, they have a problem, they know they need help to solve it, and they know that they want someone else to help them solve that issue. So they're in a buying mindset, right? Whereas 17% of the audience is going to be in an information gathering stage where they know they have a problem, but they're still trying to do it themselves. They're still trying to figure it out. So what the video masterclasses or whatever do is it closes that gap of the information, right? It gives them the information. The what, but not the how. So that way they then realize, and by closing that information gap, it creates a gap for needing a coach to actually do it, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and then what you basically do is like, there's different types of presentations you can do. There's obviously educational ones you can kind of double up and repurpose for people inside your app and coaching community. Otherwise, there's more like very heavily sales-driven ones, which is the ones that, like I recorded one yesterday, I'm going to try it. But the idea there is just to completely break beliefs and create the gap for why a coach is needed. So, for example, I did one on, if I can show you. This is just food for thought. We might cover this. I want to get the direct response stuff gone properly first before we even look at this.
Arran Humphreys: But, so you run an ad for this? You run a campaign for it?
Kyle Musca: I haven't yet for mine.
Arran Humphreys: Like for...
Kyle Musca: And it's pulling in like $4 leads.
Arran Humphreys: It's crazy. Really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like she is the most  crazy metric. From like $350 she put into the ad, it got like $15,000 contract value. And per sign-up, like cost per acquisition offer was like $88. Usually anywhere between $300 to $500 is considered good.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's hectic, man.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, how many in their 30s and 40s work in 40 hours a week, can't drop in 10 kilos in 12 weeks or less without crash dieting, yadda, yadda, yadda. But I don't talk about calorie deficits and all that . All I'm trying to do is, you here's my story, social proof.
Arran Humphreys: And are you going to make a little video talking through it or are you just going to have it as a - Yeah, so I just did a loom video. Yeah, sweet.
Kyle Musca: Don't have to do anything too crazy. But in there- What I'm doing is, so I had some stuff about, like, testosterone and, like, you know, why things have slowed down in your 30s and  like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: In this, where is it? Breaking a belief. Information isn't the problem. You know what mean? A lot of guys would be like, oh, the information's out there. I'll just do it for free. You know, it's breaking a belief. YouTube's existed since 2005. In a world of AI, never had access to more information. If information was the answer, why are 72% of Americans are overweight or obese, and globally, 43% of adults are overweight.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's not the problem. Belief broken. Again, talking about, like, a little bit more of a why. Okay. Reel on the minute a little bit. What the data actually shows. Going in alone gives you 10% success rate. So it's kind of like, you know, I'm going to start gym on Monday. All right. If you don't have a plan in place, 90% chance you're to fail. Adding a structured plan takes... That's to 50%. Adding in accountability to another person takes it to 95%. So it's pretty much the closest you can get to a guaranteed success rate. Showing a study that proved that. Here's a client that applied to.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sick.
Kyle Musca: But basically in this, I went past it. I'm talking about three pillars, right? Which is three different beliefs I'm trying to break.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is structure, knowing exactly what to do and when to do it. What gap does that create? Well, a structured training program built by a coach. Accountability. Something in your corner won't let you slide. Won't let you slide when things get busy. So having someone there to keep you accountable and on track. Consistency. System that adapts to your life so you don't fall off. So constant management adjustment.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. And then you can add a CTA to the end of it.
Arran Humphreys: So, yeah, I get what you mean. So, like, instead of this giving something someone can essentially use, it's just they watch it, they get a bit of info, and then it's actually making them realize that they need help instead of trying to, instead of them trying to go, oh, this is all I need to go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's essentially the what, but not the how.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I I'm pretty sure I literally say that. Yeah. Most men understand the theory, but fail to practically apply it. Where the  was it? Yeah. Everything here we've covered is the bones. The bones are the foundation. Without the right system, there's no body. It's the map that shows you where to go, but doesn't take you there. Let me show They will actually make it happen. You can book in a free coaching call. And I said it in the video. was like, you know, obviously I run a coaching company and everything like that. The coaching call is not for that. I understand that a lot of you probably aren't interested in coaching. But for a few of you that are interested in coaching and you want to take things to the next level, you know, we can look about what it looks like to join the EMP team. Let's just keep it real casual. And then I did two. So I've got to get an editor to basically edit out, which like, so I have two different versions.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then at the end, some Q&As, right? I've tried coaching before it didn't work. You know, right? So your objection handling. Too busy right now. I haven't started yet. My situation is different.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if someone's watched the whole  thing, like, they're going to be pretty warm. Exactly. They're going to be bought into you. They're going to be bought into the idea. And it's good as well because, like, you run it like a normal ManyChat thing, right? And it's like, cool, here's the thing, like, the lead magnet, the video. So they can consume that, you know, while you're waiting to get back to them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, got ya.
Kyle Musca: Again, I haven't personally tried this. I'm putting together the pieces for it now. But for Brie, it's worked, like, again, so  ridiculous, it's not even fun.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I did see her posting something about it. So that's what that was, like, she was building that out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think she actually put together another one. But I was like, there's no point in running that if it's already written something.
Arran Humphreys: Go on, Brie.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it was actually, like, outperforming a direct response by, like, a decent margin.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: We're still doing really well.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's sick. That's sick.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, food for thought. We'll get the direct response stuff up properly. We'll run this challenge campaign through. And then from there, we can kind of look at that. Hopefully, by then, I'm going to have to test it properly for myself and a male audience.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, well, I, um, let's get these, all these grappas out there tonight. We'll get the, um, I'll, mate, I'll put all my comments there. He's normally pretty quick, so surely he'll be, uh, he does it overnight. So, I don't know what time zone is it.
Kyle Musca: So. Just, just message him if, like, hey, bro, like, like, really urgent. Yeah, and you might even want to be, like, I'll give you 20 bucks extra if you can do it by the time.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then we'll be able to get them out. Um. And pulling through. But yeah, I might try and get another call, just run over some of my recordings with your closer. What was his name yet?
Kyle Musca: Tommy.
Arran Humphreys: Tommy. Just to go through some objection handling and that with him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've spoken to him about moving him into that sort of coaching position a little bit more. So anything like that, reach out to him and just sort of have a chat with him. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And also the session expense and everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if you feel like you need training, just let him know.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sweet, bro.
Kyle Musca: Sweet.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, because I'm pretty, yeah, like I crank on the, I'm cranked the script. Like I almost had this kind of like crying, bro, and he still wouldn't , he still wouldn't close. I'm like, are you kidding, ?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: But.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. feel like sometimes. there almost Almost the worst ones because they're like so  set in their ways at that point that they're like, they have so much doubt around themselves.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I remember getting on one call and this guy was like  depressed. Like he hated his life. could just tell in the way he was speaking. Like he just wasn't happy or anything like that. Knew he needed change and everything. Got him to fully admit it and everything, like verbally.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And just move forward with it.
Arran Humphreys: I'm like, dude. That was like this sad. I was like, brother, like are you  serious, man? Like he's 165 kilo. And he said he'd been trying for 10 years. I'm like, are you  nearing yourself, bro?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Good one there is just to call him out. Like obviously I don't know what happened in the call, but just call him out on that . Man, you said you struggled with sort of consistency before, which is like basically struggling to keep yourself accountable.
Arran Humphreys: Do you feel like that's kind of what's happening here? Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Okay. So are going to keep yourself accountable? What were you just going to let? Let's keep going.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Like, it just backs you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I would just, like that, would just get the real direct, but like, dude, you're 160 kilos.
Arran Humphreys: You've been trying this for 10 years.
Kyle Musca: Honestly, I would get to the point where it's like, like, I'm just putting my coaching hat on me here, man. I don't, I hope you don't, like, it doesn't come across as if I'm overstepping or anything, but realistically, man, I've done this a lot. And, again, realistically, you probably, you have two decisions right now. can decide to make a change and, you know, work towards becoming a better version of yourself so you can live a much better quality of life. Or accept or not make a change, push this off, and accept that nothing's ever going to change. And this is the most that your life ever has to offer.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: It'll up to you, man.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Because I've always been like, . Am I going to overstep? But at the of the day, if they don't do it, I'm never going to hear from the  again anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you just always throw in there, like, I hope I don't overstep or anything like that, or I don't mean for this to come across the wrong way, or, and then you're just down tonality, you know what mean? Like, you know, you say it in an empathetic kind of way, but empathetic's direct way.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you said it in, like, a cunty way, like, bro, you've got two decisions.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I'd be like, this cut.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what I would do before I wrap up a call, because, again, you go through the objection cycles, by the end of it, you just need to be super direct with them. I mean, not in a dickish way or anything, but, like, man, you need to make a decision now.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. And it's like, they've got the , either they do it or they don't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you're never going to hear from them again anyway, so you might as well. Better to get off the call than thinking you're a  salesy prick. then, you know, I'm getting off the call thinking .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: Don't think about it anyway, it doesn't matter.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, exactly, exactly. I had a call with this young kid yesterday. I actually just ended it early because I'm like, , you just waste my time. Like he said he was 21 and then he got on the call. He was 17 and he just wouldn't give me anything, bro. And I'm just like, oh, look, I don't think I'm going to be able to help you. Just  got off the call because he just would, he was then like, just, I was like, what's your, like, what are you struggling with? Like, just trying to pull it out of him. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. And I was like, oh, he was late, 20 minutes late to the call as well. I was like, , get off the call, . I don't even want to coach you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, fair enough. Yeah, fair. Waste of time. Again, sometimes it's good just to  around with him, but if you've got  to do.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. That is true. But, um, old mate with the coach, he, yeah, he was very ambitious. Vicious, bro. He tried to  ask me what revenue split he was getting like out of the profit. And I was like, you can't really be asking that, bro.
Kyle Musca: Nah. I look for coaches that don't really talk about money that much because if they're money hungry, it's just a  pain in the .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And yeah, probably dodged a point. Because he messaged me straight after. He's like, I had a chat with him. You know, good chat or whatever. I'm still open to other opportunities. I was like, nah. It's just like, nice man. I didn't even acknowledge it. But yeah, you just don't want someone that has, because ambition comes with ego. You know what I mean? Like if they're ambitious, it can turn into like egotistical and then that can obviously cause a lot of friction in the business.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. It's just not what I want. But I did have a pretty solid call with the lad this morning. He's actually a local lad. Seemed pretty good. Uh, just, he's tried it before, couldn't do it, doesn't post at all on his social media, so I'm like, cool, you know, he's not ever going to try and go out on his own. Um, but he's been coaching for years and that, and he seemed pretty, pretty solid. I had another dude reach out, bro, he's got  25,000 followers, and he's, he reckons he's got 90 clients. I'm like, bro, like, it's not, like, I don't know why you're reaching out to me. Oh, I want, I don't want to do the business side of the thing. I'm like, huh, because he was wanting to have a call, but I was told him straight, like, bro, you can't have your own business, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, It's  weird.
Arran Humphreys: I was like, the ?
Kyle Musca: Wow. Who was that?
Arran Humphreys: His name is, um, I'll show you. I'll show you. Probably you would have seen him before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: just like.
Kyle Musca: I  had a chat with a guy yesterday, one of my mate's mates, um, he does bodybuilding and everything like that, and he's a nice guy. I was like, he'd be a fit. But even he was like, I've got 15 of my own clients and stuff. And I was like, oh, to be honest, mate, you probably.
Arran Humphreys: Just grow it yourself. Yeah, that's what I mean, yeah. This dude, Pula Performance.
Kyle Musca: I don't know if you can  see that. That guy applied for mine as well, and then he  sent me a message like, oh, I didn't read it properly, man. I didn't realize. He sent me something, but he applied for mine, and then I messaged him, and he's like, oh, I didn't read it properly. I thought it was for something else. So that's  weird, but.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's weird. Because, yeah, he applied for mine. I sent him a voice memo, like, look, bro, like, it's not, like, I don't think it's for you. And he's like, no, no, I still want to get on a call, buddy, blah. And then I sent him, like, I just sent him, sort of, I made him a contract of, like, saying, you know, how much they get, and, you know, they can't have their own thing. And he's like, oh, you know, but he still was open to it. I'm like, . Like, what?
Kyle Musca: That's weird.
Arran Humphreys: I've got a few people from, like, South Africa. I'm going to. I don't know if the ad's going there, but I've got heaps of  from South Africa.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, it probably is going there. Let me check on that. Because I said line-up for South Africa, so the media item phase might have ...
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, because I'm thinking all these  phone numbers are not Australian. And then it's only... I might still... A couple of them seem all right, but I just don't really want... I don't know if I want someone with a super strong South African accent, if someone's coming to me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I interviewed a few of them, because I was like, yeah, yeah, there's a South African, let me get rid of that.
Arran Humphreys: That  makes sense, bro, because I'm tripping balls. I'm like, what the , guys?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I interviewed some of them. Because a lot of the applications I got from South Africa, they were actually  highly qualified.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, well, these guys are, man, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then I, like, jumped on, and I jumped on with, like, one. It was like, same terminologies that I've never  heard before.
Arran Humphreys: I was like, I don't think this is going to work out. That's what I was thinking. I'm like, I'm sure they're great, but if someone's coming to me and I'm telling them they're a fat , then they get a South African dude coaching on, they're probably not going to be very happy, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, to be fair, South Africans are like similar. South African Africans are pretty direct. Yeah, that is true. From the ones I know, they're not. Wants to  around. But yeah, the guy I interviewed kind of had the same issue before. He's like, already doing full-time in-person PTing and everything like that, and it's doing well for him. So I was just like, there's no real point in bringing you on, you know.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, if you're already doing well, that's not who I'm looking for.
Arran Humphreys: No. No, it's like, I'm managing now, but I'll get the right fit. I think it's important to get the right fit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for sure. Cool, man. Is there anything else you want to touch base on at all?
Arran Humphreys: No, not really, bro. I've been feeling like I'm getting everything sort of dialed in a bit more. Obviously, it's all just coming together. Just trying to dial in the organic and just try and grow. So I think, obviously, that's probably the bit where all the, you know, once I get more time back after not having to do so many check-ins, you feel like the best sort of thing is just trying to grow organically, I guess, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And just pumping ads and continue to refine all that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Getting good at organic flow, which is fantastic, which means that people, you know, because it's not like you're getting hundreds and hundreds of thousands of views, which means that, like, the people that are seeing you are seeing you as a coach. Which is fantastic. Like, that's exactly what we want. So, realistically, if we can find the right sort of messaging and, like, targeting, we should get them pumping well. And, you know, with the improvements you made in the video content, video ads especially, I think that will make a huge difference.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because the way I kind of see it, like, if I'm going to look at an ad, it's like how well someone delivers the ad. And you just kind of subconsciously relate into how good the quality of service is, even though it's not a technical relationship. I think it'd be the shittest marketer and be a great coach. But it's just, like, obviously a psychological thing. You know what mean? If it's a poor quality video or graphic, you just assume that the coaching itself will be poor quality.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah, 100%. Yeah. I do get that. Have you found an experience, too, bro, that you get, like, if we get a sort of winning ad, you just can pump it for a while.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, depending. Depends on how much of a winning ad it is. So for like Brie, for example, as I said, I think before, when we first started, man, there was like one graphic we just tested and it just  pulled for six months straight.
Arran Humphreys: We didn't have to change anything.
Kyle Musca: Sometimes you'll get a winning ad that does really well for like maybe a month and then it'll just start to burn out. So it just depends.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No, it's just good to know. But it's good, man, getting better, better, getting quicker at it, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: I think that's what I was focusing on a lot this lot was just trying to make sure I was happy with the tonality. Took me a while to get it right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's worth spending time. It's  tedious doing it, but I got something I very much are focusing on this year is just spending the time to get something right. Because you only have to do it once if you do that that way. And then, you know, in that case, it's a skill that you sort of retain forever or as long as you sort of continue shopping. That's all. The other thing I very much... Found in my sort of career with this man is you'll go through different periods where you'll have a different focus, you know what mean? So like, for example, right now you're in a marketing period where your main focus is just on how to really nail the ads and the content for the ad, you know, the videos and content for the ads specifically. But you'll go through like, you know, a sales period is arguably probably what you've been through before, where you, that's the main thing that you're sort of focusing on increasing conversions. I've been through multiple periods where, for example, my main focus is on just refining the DM setting process, you know what mean? So you'll go through different periods where there'll be a different focus that, you know, you're funneling a lot of your energy and time into, but doing that obviously refines the system a lot more and it just enhances your knowledge so much more on that specific topic.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. So just, you sort of, over time, just keep improving, keep improving.
Kyle Musca: mean, yeah. So I mean, like you just don't spread yourself. Like again, as a business owner, you can always. You have, you know, your hands in all the different pockets. But like usually, you know, there'll be one, again, big domino that we need to sort of focus on improving. And right now for you, that's just sort of the marketing and the messaging.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. So, and then we just continue moving forward. Yeah. No, I think that's good because I think sometimes I get caught up in trying to do absolutely everything at the one time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I find just like simplifying it to the easiest  thing and like just having, you know, obviously time management stuff through the days and weeks is super important. But understanding what your like one key task is for the day, which is, you know, my change from day to day, but usually it's a weekly thing. So for me, for example, on Monday, my one key task is to film organic content. I have to do that. But for Tuesday, it's to either film ads and because it became Tuesday was to film ads every single week. I got to the point where I have so many  ads that. Like I don't need more ads at all, which is a good thing to do, which means that now I can sort of focus my attention on, you know, building. So instead yesterday, yesterday, I just built the presentation, I recorded the presentation, everything like that. So I added that, I replaced that, but it was still a marketing thing. So I guess you could arguably say Tuesday is my marketing day where I need to get marketing content built.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well, what I've started to do, I do like a little start of the day, write it out, everything I've got to do and all of that. It seems to have helped a lot because otherwise I was sitting there and being like, what can I do? Just  wasting time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And out of that, just identify again what the most crucial thing is.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Like what needs to be done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like that, you know, I have to do that before I finish, which is good really understanding that because there's been like multiple weeks recently where I've filmed  like two or three ads, realized the microphone wasn't working or something. I was so pissed off. And if I didn't have a top of mind of just like, I have to get this done before I wrap up, I would have just not done it.
Arran Humphreys: I would have just been like,  this.
Kyle Musca: But I wouldn't have redid it. It actually came out  sick.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I'm just saying. No, sick, bro. Sick. Just a quick one I was going to ask you too. So when you set up out of UAE, obviously you get your residency and . But free, she had to do her own separate. Like you, she couldn't.
Kyle Musca: Bad time to cut it out.
Arran Humphreys: Sick.
Kyle Musca: Oh, there we go.
Arran Humphreys: There we go. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, man. What was that?
Arran Humphreys: What did you hear up to?
Kyle Musca: For Bree, she didn't have to do a separate.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, did she have to do her own residency?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it was the same price for us both. But in saying that, she set up her own business and everything like that as well. It might be worth a chat if you want to save expenses on it, because you could probably run it through the same business identity into the same separate actual accounts in the bank so you can see what's coming from where. But if you wanted to do that, that would save you the extra expenses of creating two bank accounts, two businesses, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you still have to get two different residencies, but then you could funnel into the same thing if you wanted to save the expenses there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: I assume you'd have to chat to someone about that, but I assume you could do that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. It's actually good. I was talking to Richie, the accountant, because you're based out of UAE, like your business. I can claim my whole trip on tax because I'll just say I went there to get trained by you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: So that's good.
Kyle Musca: You can do that for anything. I think if you just have like a, if find a seminar or some kind of event you can go to, you can just claim a whole trip on tax.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's what I can see.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, better just to not have to pay any tax.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Richie's , I'm keen, bro. I'm to do that.
Kyle Musca: He was actually the guy that put me onto the people that helped me do it.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, was he?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sure up. Sure up. would have .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, this dude, this dude I'm linked up. He's a pretty good lad, actually. He answers all my questions. Eight grand for everything, I think, or seven and a half, which is pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I paid like $13,000, I think.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, righto. Yeah, well, that was like residency, bank accounts, the whole lot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, seems  well worth it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. So I think I'm going to just go over there, like get an Airbnb for like two months, suss it out, see if I want to go stay there, see if I want to go wherever.
Kyle Musca: I would, if I was you, I would still move and do it if you're like committed on it. Depends on how committed you are, obviously. But if you're certain you want to do it, I'd probably do it there and then just to get out of the way. And then, you know, you can always  off to wherever else you want to go. You know, you don't have to be there once every six months.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Just  do it and then it's done.
Kyle Musca: Well, since I left Australia, like I have not had any, any urge to go back.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Especially not from Thailand as well, like  this place is. Yeah. Unreal. Bree and I are both in the same boat. We're like, just no urge to go back to Australia anytime soon.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, and that's sick. Yeah, it's good. I suppose, I guess for me, it's just scary because even though the business goes in so well, it's still like, I still don't feel secure, you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you get to a point where it's like, you know, if everything went to , I could just start coaching again and have a decent income myself.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Like, so it's like, you've always got a safety net.
Kyle Musca: And also like, as you sort of go through this process and do all this  as well, you pick up the, you pick up the fact that you've got really high valued skills that are universally transferable as well. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know, realistically. And especially if you live somewhere like here, like it's , you can live so cheap if you want to.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I'd hope to go. And, like, well, but, like, and still well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And you'd be surprised at, like, how many places you can easily go. Like, you can obviously come to Thailand for, like, couple months, similar to Bali without a visa. But then we got a DTV visa, which is, like, 400 or 500 bucks. And then we can stay here five years and we just have to leave every six months, which we have to go back to the UAE every six months. But even so, I'm pretty sure you can go to places like Canada and without a visa or anything, just stay for, like, six months, like, as a holiday. Yeah, that's the day. Yeah, I wouldn't recommend going to Canada anytime soon, but.
Arran Humphreys: You didn't really like it?
Kyle Musca: It was all right. I'd probably go, you know, if you want to go for a snow trip or something, it's probably worth it for two or three weeks. But it's a bit like Australia. The country's pretty  and their prime minister's super woke.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you know, I wouldn't really go there for anything else. Yeah, you just. I mean, world sort of is without borders, to be honest, like, as long as you know, , you know, retarded. What are they? Not Sudanese, the other people. Somalian.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, like, you can  go anywhere. And also, like, if you've never done any traveling or anything like that, it's, you know, feels pretty scary because I was, like, pretty similar to that. But then, yeah, because we went to UAE for five weeks in September, and then we went back to Australia for a month, and then we went to Canada, and then we went to Thailand. And we went to Thailand, like, five weeks earlier in the year as well. But, yeah, again,  no regrets. Like, I went and got, like, an hour-long massage yesterday for, like, $20.
Arran Humphreys: Oh,  hell. It's sick, man. But it's cool.
Kyle Musca: It's cool that we can sort of do  like this, but I, you know, 100%. 100%. Yeah. Play around. Um, cause I mean, even worst case films are worse. You can still spend like six months in Australia.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. That's sick. But I don't think , you know, the, the, the way I look at it, like,  it. I made 18 grand last week when I used to make 19 hundred and thought that was good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You save so much money on tax. It's also nice knowing that I'm not going to get   with a massive bass bill out of the blue.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm waiting for, bro. Not looking forward to it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like the way I looked at it is like,  it. I'll go move all my  to Dubai. And then like, even if I don't want to, you know, stay there and  does go south, I'll just go back to Australia and , I would have still saved money on the bass bills.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. It's  very true. But, um, yeah. Thank you, bro, for that.
Kyle Musca: Well, good, man. If you have any questions, just let me know. Otherwise, yeah, let me know when all that marketing stuff's up and we'll just get it all up at once and, yeah, give it a good high push.
Arran Humphreys: Sick, bro. No, sounds good, man. Sounds good to me.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. All right, bro. I will chat to you very soon. Talk to you, bro. Bye now. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 167/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-16T03:21:27Z | id:138445000
People: Kyle Musca

Harry: And it's been a game-changer for me. This meeting is being recorded. In terms of distractions and, like, just, you know, my other phone just goes away. And I've got, you know, obviously a whole separate number, everything on there. And it just means that, like, my work focus has been unreal. And I feel like that was something that was actually really  with me. And I wasn't getting the notifications properly from the Kahuna's app. And it was just messy. And I feel like it's cleared up, actually, like a really huge flaw that was in my business as a whole.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, awesome, man. Awesome. Did you get a chance to do the check-in form I sent through?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, I shot it through. Sorry, I should have replied to that.
Kyle Musca: No, no, you're all good. Let me just log in. Is there anything specific that you want to cover in the session?
Harry: I feel like we've got content down pat. I feel like we've got the packages down pat. The script, I'm just still refining it. Yesterday, I was a little bit mucky on. I had... I go on all the way through it, and I forgot that I booked in that call a little bit earlier than what I thought. So I was a little bit messy towards the end, but I need to refine it today. I feel like that, apart from that, though, I feel really good with that. I think, realistically, the next thing is ads, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect, man, perfect. So just reading through this now, something I do better.
Harry: It's just beginning three other plans today.
Kyle Musca: You're done as well. Oh, so those three leads that you came from, man, like, do you know specifically where, like, I assume they came through the organic side of things, but do you know specifically from what?
Harry: Two of them were just from, like, they just saw my content, and they just submitted the type form, and one of them was an ex-client from, that I used to coach under the Twins, who ended up leaving the Twins, and then shot me a message about that and just said he'd love to jump back on board if I'm still coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, and so never selling with the screw basher game. Yeah, perfect. So how did you go? I know you said you mucked up on the script a little bit. What have you been there?
Harry: The only bit that I, literally the only bit that I mucked up was just like, so I reworded it in the way that I speak. Some of it, obviously I left it like the way that it was structured and everything, but just some of the words and stuff that I used all the way down until I got to, I think it was the, pardon me, the final sort of structure where it was talking about actually getting them locked in and then the packages. I just, I hadn't read through that before I got to that, just because I literally, I was trying to skim through as quick as I could before the call. And I just, I hadn't got to that bit. That was the only bit that I got a little bit fluffed up on. But I just, like I covered it, it was fine. And then, you know, just sort of improvised there. And then it was, it went all smooth, but it was just like, I got to there. I was like, oh, okay, hold on. There's some stuff here. I need to fix. Because it doesn't quite flow out of the way that I would have it flow in my brain. But that was literally it. was just literally just that I hadn't got, probably gone over it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, okay, yeah. A lot of it will come with reps. What I would recommend doing, obviously getting to understand it well, is, you know, rewording it is a good way to do it. Because you have to kind of like slow down and actually read it step by step. But even just like proofreading it a few times. And if you have someone to like even role play with, you know, that would be good. Did the, I'm going to clear my camera. Pissed me off. Did the, did they object much or?
Harry: Not really. He's, he's, oh, so the only objection really, if you could even call it that, was that he just said, when I popped in the, you know, how soon are you ready to get things going, bro? He was just sort of like, oh, you know, I've got a couple of things coming up. And I've got, you know, my, my car rego to pay on Friday. So like, oh, like I'll probably know on Friday. And then the way that I sort of counted that was. I've obviously got the recording as well, but I counted it by just sort of, I used a, like a little analogy story about myself, and I just said, how about, which was a  lie, but I just said, how about, I pushed off with my first coach for two months, and then I ended up signing up with him anyway, and, you know, from that point, I just wish I had restarted again. I just said, you know, I can see that you're ready to go, but I can see there's that little bit of hesitation. I said, I don't want you to make the same mistake that I did and lose that, that time that, you know, is so valuable. And then I related back to him, and just sort of how he would feel if things kept going the way that it is, and, and that just like got him like that, and he was like, yeah, yeah, you're right. So I was like, I was like, does it sound like we're ready to make a move, brother?
Kyle Musca: He was like, yeah, let's do it. Let's do it. And then that was it, man. That was, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of the time, the objection handling is, handling is just sort of leading them back on the path, because they'll just like, it's a, it's natural for the human brain to sort of try and talk itself out of doing stuff, because it doesn't like change. So getting comfortable on the objection is definitely probably the hardest skill on, on the sale. Oh, Bob, you know, again, he comes down to reps.
Harry: It was actually really, I, I, I know, but it was, I genuinely really enjoyed selling it. Like I, I enjoyed like talking to him about it and helping him with like sort of seeing where he could get to. And I, I genuinely really enjoyed the structure of sort of like building up that. And then when you pull it back and obviously, you know, oh, how would it look if we didn't do anything? Like I really enjoyed just like the, the use of like persuasion and sort of the mechanics behind it all. genuinely really  enjoyed it, bro. It was like, it was fun. Yeah. It's like a game. I know that's silly, but it's like a game.
Kyle Musca: No, 100%. Yeah. So I I like to think of sales as like crack. Like if you, you know, on a high after a few sales, you feel like you're over the  moon. If you go through a bit of a rut where people say no, you're like, oh , you're getting a bit of a depression.
Harry: Maybe think about our first call where we were, when we were running through things and the way that you structured it. And I was like, oh, I said, okay, I see what that was.
Kyle Musca: I see where that was. I mean, to be fair, I was already sold by the time he got me on the call anyway. So I didn't really need it. Yeah. I don't outsell too much for these types of calls. I Thank But like, it also comes down to the demographic and I guess the scalability of it. Like, you know, the fitness demographic is a hard one to sell because they're like, they usually struggle with accountability and they struggle with making hard decisions. So you kind of have to, I guess, harder sell. You have to kind of expect the objection.
Harry: Yeah, yeah. It was, yeah, it was. And it was cool. was a, you know, 20-year-old dude. And, you know, every other 20-year-old lad, 18 to 20-year-old lad that I've got on the phone before has just, you know, as soon as I say, oh, you know, it's 16 weeks and it's $100 a week. They  balk at it. Whereas, because I ran it in with the top structure explaining how that was, you know, it's going to be a bit overkill. not quite for you. I don't think that's quite right. And then sort of putting it in. But I do think this would be perfect for you and spoke about the gold offer. I didn't even touch on both of them. I didn't even touch the third tier down. I think they were both, I was like, I didn't even list it as an option. Yeah. And they were both like, oh yeah, let's do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. it, man. Yeah. Perfect. Awesome, bro. Sounds like you're probably naturally pretty good at sales, which is like. That's a huge bonus. We'll talk about getting the ads and everything like that ready this week. So there's a couple of things that we need to do. Do you have the ManyChat?
Harry: One of them, I can't remember if it was ManyChat. The one that you asked me to get, I couldn't get the, it wouldn't sign up for me. There was some  issue with it. I think it was down, I don't know what it was. When I was trying to do it, was like really, yeah, really hard to get up. I got that app. Yeah, I got that. Yeah, yeah, here we go. Sorry. Yeah, I got that app, but it wouldn't let me log into it, which was a bit weird. Let's see if I can jump into it again. I'd probably try to do it on your computer.
Kyle Musca: Most of the time, I don't use my phone for much besides just fly back messages.
Harry: Okay, let me go. So the ManyChat is obviously the messaging in the actual, you know. The automated, effectively, one that gets sent through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we'll set that up now. Do you have, I don't know, we've probably spoken about this, do you have Go High Level or Calendly?
Harry: Yeah, I got Go High Level. I have both. I'm yet to integrate them together, which was actually, sorry, that is something that I did want to talk to you about. Just with the Go High Level stuff, I'm just waiting to get my stuff approved so I can have a phone number on there, which was a pain in the arse, I had to submit a bunch of  yesterday, and it was still loading. Hopefully, I haven't even actually checked it this morning, but hopefully that should pop up. Yeah, it is. Sorry, I just double-checked what, what, right, oh, my , I think it's with this one. Sorry, bro. I don't what did with what I was with. I it's, yeah, okay, cool. Okay, all right, I'm in ManyChat now. I'll a new account, Instagram, connect via meta from Instagram. All right. That's just loading. Okay, cool. It's taking me to the... Okay. So it's taking me to the, I'm guessing this is the meta page, the business.facebook.com.
Kyle Musca: Do you want to share your screen maybe?
Harry: Oh, yeah. Sorry, bro. So let me share the entire screen. I don't know. I'll just try to share. Sorry, bro, I just crashed out of everything.
Kyle Musca: It's all good, somehow duplicated.
Harry: How the  is that? It just, like, literally jumped out of every single Chrome tab that I had. Let's see if we can get back to a minute chat. Okay, okay, sorry. Let's see if I can share. Hold on, hopefully this doesn't  it up.
Kyle Musca: On the Zoom call thing, do you see that little green shirt?
Harry: Yeah, there we go. There we go. Okay, so it's just taking me to here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yes. Yep, can we do that?
Harry: Save.
Kyle Musca: Save. Save.
Harry: Oh, there we go. Okay. Myself?
Kyle Musca: I just stopped sharing for some reason.
Harry: Oh, sorry. See that one now?
Kyle Musca: Yep, yep, yep, yep. Perfect.
Harry: So just go for myself. When this is Asian?
Kyle Musca: Go digital products or services, I would say.
Harry: I can select a couple if I want.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think that would be really...
Harry: It's closest to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Um... I don't need to have any of those. can skip that.
Harry: Okay. So you probably want the pro plan. Pro plan?
Kyle Musca: To start with, I would say.
Harry: Yeah. Do you run it on like an advanced one?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think mine's up to advanced now.
Harry: Yeah. But you don't need that to start with. No, not quite yet. All right. So let me try. Awesome. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So we can, oh, can you skip that for now?
Harry: Look around first?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we go. So then if you go settings to the left, and then go team members, and then just copy, invite new member, and then copy the link and send it to me.
Harry: Admin?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just go admin.
Harry: Just flicked it to you on WhatsApp just now.
Kyle Musca: I am in. Perfect. So then what we do is if you want to go to your MetaAds account.
Harry: Yeah. Is that like a separate?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, I think it connected it through here.
Harry: So I assume you're in your MetaBusiness account.
Kyle Musca: So if you just go to a new tab and just type in MetaAds login or something.
Harry: MetaAds manager.
Kyle Musca: I think you just could share the ManyChat tab screen.
Harry: I don't know if you did the last screen. Share this tab instead.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Oh, there we go. Yep. Beautiful. So log in with Facebook maybe. Oh, tell me.


>>> 168/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-16T04:04:00Z | id:138445670
People: Kyle Musca

Harry Punton: That might have got it. I've joined from the Zoom app, so hopefully it shouldn't crash out about the  taps now. Sorry, bro. I don't know. What was going on?
Kyle Musca: No, because someone had, like, duplicated you before, so I removed your other one.
Harry Punton: Oh, I didn't do that. Let's try. Let me get up. Oh, no, that's the wrong one. Sorry. And you see... Okay, perfect. Um, what was it? Actually, I don't know if I... Is this just a normal login to my Instagram?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, or Facebook. It usually goes off Facebook. But try it. If it's the same thing, then just try it, whatever.
Harry Punton: Just try that. Do you have a Facebook account? I do, but I haven't used it. It's just a dead personal one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't use Facebook, but for some reason, meta is set on making you attach it to Instagram.
Harry Punton: Let's have a look. This should be right. me.
Kyle Musca: There we go.
Harry Punton: I think we got it. yes. Okay, I need to update that password because that is wrong. Pretty cool.
Kyle Musca: None. Yeah, beautiful, beautiful. So, yeah, cool. What I would do here is... me get my little arrow.
Harry Punton: Oh, yeah, this was Yong Cigar. was ... I think I was... What was it, 2023? I was  around with trying to see what would happen if I ran some ads.
Kyle Musca: I'd turn these up. Just in case, they're completed, so I assume there's an end date, put a number.
Harry Punton: probably just delete them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, that works too.
Harry Punton: And, A little bit, okay.
Kyle Musca: And if you go, there's a little settings tab down here on the left.
Harry Punton: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And Instagram admins can now, okay.
Harry Punton: Got it. Oh, yeah, and then I linked the Instagram, yep.
Kyle Musca: So just invite me. Which is? Oh, top right, sorry.
Harry Punton: Oh, sorry. It's right with the screens off.
Kyle Musca: And then, so just do kyle at empcoaching.com.au.
Harry Punton: Isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. So, um. Full control. Yeah. Then, you might not have it. So, I should go, Harry, that coaching one, and then go that one for now, and then we'll have to re-link your audience.
Harry Punton: Okay, and then turn all this on? Yeah, at the bottom, I should just... Oh, wait, that's partial, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just get everything. Yeah, for each one.
Harry Punton: True. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect. It should be everything. Yep. Yep.
Harry Punton: All right, two assets.
Kyle Musca: And then just go Instagram account here on the left once that's done. Oh, sick.
Harry Punton: Do you have an invitation to join everything? Can you see?
Kyle Musca: That's pretty cool.
Harry Punton: Maybe we need to link the Instagram first.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so... Maybe it's because you're inactive. Just, yeah, close out of that. Yep, because you're inactive, which is weird because you're logged in, but, anyway. Okay, so, yeah, just get Instagram again.
Harry Punton: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And then log in needed, so you just need to log in again. Okay. Meta can be a real  for no reason, so.
Harry Punton: I've heard that.
Kyle Musca: I don't know how you get yourself out of it. So if you close out of that, it's just not having a bar again. So go back to people, because they're why it's getting .
Harry Punton: Maybe this is why. That's probably why. Same text. Uh,  slow. Holy . Okay, there we go. Okay, that looks better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So, yeah, now try and invite me.
Harry Punton: So we go, uh, top right, top right. Oh, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Harry Punton: Yeah. .com.au.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yeah, beautiful.
Harry Punton: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: Oh, it's still getting .
Harry Punton: god.
Kyle Musca: Very nice. Um, yeah.
Harry Punton: That's, yeah, so that's, that's  annoying.
Kyle Musca: Might as well click out of that. Um, maybe try to refresh the screen.
Harry Punton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And go to Instagram.
Harry Punton: Oh, here we go. It looks like it has gone through.
Kyle Musca: Yes. Yeah, yeah, beautiful.
Harry Punton: I double check the Instagram. Still needs login. Okay, I'll see if I can actually log into it now that it's got my verification.
Kyle Musca: Pretty sure as far as meta bugs go, that is a good one as well. At least it actually sent the invitation and allowed you to log in.
Harry Punton: Alright, let's try that. Come on. Yes, login. Let's do it. Oh, okay. Yeah. Fantastic. Look at that. They're in the  end. All right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think I have access. What did I say? It's manager.
Harry Punton: I can probably add you to that Instagram account now as well. So if I go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Harry Punton: Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Let me go back to your thing.
Harry Punton: Assign assets. can go that one and Instagram accounts. Cool.
Kyle Musca: You have to.
Harry Punton: Oh, and then you have to go everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry Punton: Everything. Assign assets.
Kyle Musca: And then go to add accounts.
Harry Punton: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. And yeah, cool. You only have that one there. Beautiful. All right. And then pages. Go pages. Just above deactivate it. Activate page. We don't need this for anything, but again, meta just makes it.
Harry Punton: Is this a Facebook?
Kyle Musca: It is. Yeah, it is. We don't use it for anything, but like you need a Facebook attached, a page attached to the Instagram account to run it through Instagram for some  reason. And then just go assign people and assign that to me as well. Oh, you could even do manage there.
Harry Punton: Oh, that one?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then just go full control. Beautiful. All right.
Harry Punton: Cool.
Kyle Musca: So that should be good. If you want to stop sharing now, I can take over from here.
Harry Punton: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So a couple of things, the ad account itself. Thank you. We do anything right now until we have the ads. The ManyChat thing we'll do here is, let's do that, this, go.
Harry Punton: You work with Keanu as well.
Kyle Musca: I did. worked with Keanu and Jesse. And everything went haywire. Yeah.
Harry Punton: Man, see your  family.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, I'm  scared of that business massively until that happened.
Harry Punton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, in here, we should see this. Perfect. So, all you need to do from here. You know, is come delete all these ones because these are all mine. These are basically a trigger word. So if someone messages me, tradie, for example, off the ad, that will trigger this automation. So just come through and delete them out of yours, unless you're obviously going to use the same one.
Harry Punton: Yeah, I could probably, yeah, let's try, see what's there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, again, doesn't, yeah, just to keep it clean of you. And then when you create a new one, so like, so if you were to edit the automation, I'm creating a new trigger, just go send message is, user sends a message.
Harry Punton: Yep. And then you've got to change it to see how auto-B message contains. so then anytime anything contains that, it'd  spam it with that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So if someone was like, I'm a tradie, you would file, you'd obviously don't. So you just change to message is.
Harry Punton: Ah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Got it, got it, got it. And then obviously just type it in.
Harry Punton: Does it matter if it's capitals, lowercase, anything?
Kyle Musca: Nah, it doesn't matter, it's fine.
Harry Punton: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Uh, so then, yeah, you're working with males. Yours will be pretty similar. just have to kind of come in through and reword, reword it, obviously, according to you.
Harry Punton: Yep. Um, does this pop up like a normal message or does it pop up like a ManyChat message with a little darker look to it? Like it doesn't look like a native message.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it looks darker.
Harry Punton: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: But we're not trying to act like this is, you know, human at the moment. Really, all this is for us, we're just going to try and pre-qualify, right? Yeah. So, essentially, we're just asking these two questions to Trojan horse this question, which is, just so I can tailor things to you, like what's your work status situation? Working full-time, a student apprentice, not studying. These are the cream of the crop.
Harry Punton: These are the people we want to focus on.
Kyle Musca: Of course. And what we have here is a conversion API, which basically means, and that's only on that one, which basically means that when we come into the ads account, you know, yeah. All right, so if we could do, oh, someone's just at the door, hang on, two sacks.
Harry Punton: All good.
Kyle Musca: It's probably a two-reaving. Okay. Okay.
Harry Punton: I've got to look across where you
Kyle Musca: That's not bad.
Harry Punton: Whereabouts in Thailand are you?
Kyle Musca: I'm in Rewire, which is like the very south of Phuket.
Harry Punton: Ah, okay. Yeah, yeah, I've got you now, I've you now. You cut out for a second, but I've you now.
Kyle Musca: Can you hear me?
Harry Punton: Yep, yep, yep, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'm in Rewire, the very south of Phuket.
Harry Punton: Oh, yeah, gotcha, gotcha. Are you a resident over there, or are you Dubai?
Kyle Musca: I'm a resident in Dubai, but I've got my Thailand visa, which allows me to stay here for like five years.
Harry Punton: Oh, sure, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it works pretty well. So, yeah, the conversion API is really important because...
Harry Punton: Yep. Sorry, when you say conversion API, I'm just super unfamiliar with even the terminology. What does that mean?
Kyle Musca: So it just allows us to like track the data more accurately. So meta will try and like look good on paper.
Harry Punton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Basically, anyone that triggers this automation, for example, so they send through the send message, which is the objective we'll do for the ads, meta's just going to look at that and be like, cool, we got you a message, we're going to charge you, that's a win for us. But that doesn't really, like, it's not a very good indicator about how qualified the lead is. Like, it could just be someone not working at all, could be a student. And what will happen is, you know, if it is a bad quality lead, meta will register that as someone's clicked through, they're interested in the ad, let's show more people like that. So it can get, like, aggressive ad audience. Yeah. Whereas the conversion API is this thing here, which basically applies when they get to the end of the ManyChat flow and they click working full time. Yeah. So it tracks that data for us. Yeah. And then come in here. So what meta will do is it tracks, uh, results and cost per result. Yeah. you can see for something like. These aren't bad. So for example, this is sitting at $7.78. So technically, every time I spend $7.78, I'm getting a message. But that doesn't mean it could be a misclick. It could be someone who's completely not qualified at all. It could be anyone. What the conversion API that we'll add does tracks actual leads, which is, again, getting to the ManyChat flow and sending their working full time. You can see that this is, you know, realistically, a good sort of like ad will be roughly 2x the cost per result with some nuance. know what mean? So you can see here, that's about $8. That's about $16, $17, $18, $19, $32. But like the reason that's so important is because just because it's a low cost per result doesn't mean we're getting good quality leads. Like I've seen it at, you know, $20 as a cost per result, which is still decently high, still considered good. Whereas the actual lead off the back end of that was like $200.
Harry Punton: You know what mean? Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep. That makes sense. So if you don't have it, you can like, you're just kind of left in the dark and you just kind of spend your money unknowingly. Yeah.
Harry Punton: So that second portion, so the columns up to cost per result, that's just purely what they check. And then the leads, meta-leads, cost per lead, that is our API tracker.
Kyle Musca: Yes.
Harry Punton: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. Anything under $40, like anything within the $40 to $50 range for a cost per lead is, like, I consider a good ad. Yeah. Highly scaled ads. So it's like, if you're getting it down to like, you know, $16 or, you know, even $33 there, like your calendar will, your calendar will like look like that at that point.
Harry Punton: Yeah. Gotcha. Flat out, bro. hell.
Kyle Musca: So. What you'll need to do there is, I've got a guy, his name's Michael, also new to his now. He will attach that conversion API for you.
Harry Punton: Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: Now, he charges $250 USD, but the importance of that is well worth its way in gold.
Harry Punton: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And it's only one, so you might as well just root the band.
Harry Punton: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Usually it'll take him about a day or so to get that added.
Harry Punton: So do I say, hey man, got you sent your contact from Kyle, I'm just looking to get you to integrate the API for me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he'll know exactly.
Harry Punton: He'll know what, yeah, okay, careful.
Kyle Musca: And you just need to send him, you'll probably, yeah, you just need to add him to your meta account and send him the many chat.
Harry Punton: I think you're sending that to him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry Punton: Oh, sorry. Oh, yeah, yep. I think you just sent him his own contact.
Kyle Musca: Delete that so it's like, what the ?
Harry Punton: Yeah, what are you doing that for? I've been seeing that Harrison, sorry, not Harrison, Aaron Humphrey's guys content. You know, it's basic, but it looks like it does quite well. It's interesting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, yeah, here's a great example because it's like, realistically, you just need to really look like a coach.
Harry Punton: don't need massive amounts of followers. Yeah, that's good, bro. It's all it  is. That's, you know, if you don't look the part, you're  these days.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, 100%. He also does a really, really good job of just constantly pushing social proof. Like, I don't know if you've been watching his stories or anything, but he's constantly pushing social proof. He's getting, like, lot of organic inquiry from doing that.
Harry Punton: Have you, did you get a chance to see, oh, you might not have, but, like, my stories. And just the sort of stuff I've been chucking up lately is it, you know, I just, I'm just trying to give people more of an insight to see that I'm a, I'm actually a human and not a, just a  bot influencer.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. I, I've barely been on, I've been so  flat out this week. , I see that , Brandon Clark's ads everywhere. Do you? I've never seen his ads at all.
Harry Punton: Maybe he is. Yeah, I've just been putting like a little bit more. And I had a big one of like my, I put, I actually copied what you do, where you put like a clip of each of the exercises you did in your workout. did that yesterday. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I just find that's a simple thing to do. And people like, like, just like watching them. Yeah. Yeah, it's a good nutrition stuff. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah, perfect. Yeah, so stuff like that's fantastic. I don't know if he's got it up now. I think he has one up from yesterday. These questionnaires are really good as well to do, just to get volume up on your story.
Harry Punton: Yeah, I've never actually done one properly, or not in a long time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you don't get heaps of questions coming through, just ask yourself some questions.
Harry Punton: Yeah, that's what was going to say. I'd see people do that anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't think he has one up right now.
Harry Punton: We're looking for a personal all time, so I'd keep close.
Kyle Musca: He just does really good, like, story CTAs in terms of, like, you know, provides value and then provides social proof, then provides, like, then makes the ask. Yeah. Kind of similar to that I showed you the other way.
Harry Punton: Yeah, I've been saving a few of her stuff and sort of referring. Back to it as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect. So, cool. So we've got the conversion API. So what we'll need to do is we'll need to get DM setters into your account as well.
Harry Punton: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Now...
Harry Punton: I have  message me about that every single  day.
Kyle Musca: swear to God. Yeah, you never want to go a Westerner for a DM setting thing. Way too expensive. You charge way too much for what it is. And they're usually like pretty slack because they're just some, you know, kid trying to  whatever. Yeah, so we just outsource it. I can help you source a DM setter for that. Usually it charge between $6 to $7 USD an hour. Yep. And $25 USD per close.
Harry Punton: So it's, you know, well worth it. Yeah, yep. I definitely don't have the... Like, I wouldn't have the traffic for that right now.
Kyle Musca: No. This is just for when we get the ads up and running and everything like that. Cool. There's no... And having someone in there, you know, getting the lead flow for it. We can get the ads up and test the lead flow before we, you know, get someone properly in there.
Harry Punton: Yeah, I think I would do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The biggest thing is, like, the DM setting is just real  tedious. Like, there's a lot of, like, idiots that will come through. And speed to lead is really, really important. Like, speed to lead is absolutely critical. If they're sitting in the, like, when they message through, they're going to be in a buying mindset. So if they're just sort of sitting there, they'll lose motivation, they'll get busy, and then they'll just sort of, like, fizzle out. So it's, like, the faster you can, like, you know, from that very first conversation reply, get them on the call and close them, the much higher conversion ratios you'll have.
Harry Punton: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So there's this one. So this is the DM setting script. Again, good thing about you is, like, you're not going to have to change things massively, but I would come through and reword it. I'll help you, when you're ready, I'll help you source the DM setter, or I will source the DM setter for you, and then train them up and everything like that so they know exactly what to do.
Harry Punton: Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Um, now, so there's different, so with the DM setting process, it's really, because you will basically be doing this to start, it's really, really important that you don't skip steps in, similar to the sales script, right? You just don't skip steps, right? Everything's in that specific reason. So the first part of script is obviously booking the call. Stage one is just asking that goal in more detail. So for something like this as well, you'll see, you know, struggling goal. So basically you look at the many chat flow. It's like, hey, bro, just had a look at your answers. And struggling with nutrition while trying to lose weight is something I see quite a lot. So we're trying to personalize that message. it doesn't, like, they can clearly see it's, you know, someone, humans actually come in and replying to them.
Harry Punton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, do you have a specific...
Harry Punton: much of like a, do you find it? I mean, quite, maybe it's just me, but like personally, um, you know, if I follow someone and then they  send me a many chat message straight away, I'm just, I just disregard it straight away.
Kyle Musca: I don't do that. No, that's gay. Um, realistic. Typically what that is, is it's cold outreach. So you've got like four different pillars of marketing. You've got cold outreach, you've got paid ads, you've got organic, and you've got affiliate marketing. Cold outreach is very like chasey and kind of like desperate. And I just don't like doing it because, yeah, you're like, I feel the same way. If I follow someone and they immediately message me, it's like, I know you're just trying to sell me some .
Harry Punton: I almost just unfollow them again.
Kyle Musca: Right. It turns off like a new follower who, you know, is keen to learn a little bit more about you and like, you know, engage in your content and everything like that to, you know, someone who is going to be weary from you because now they feel like they need someone to engage with you.
Harry Punton: just going to try and message them and sell them something. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It can work. I just don't like it for personal branding.
Harry Punton: Yeah. Yeah. No, I agree.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Do you have a specific goal or way in mind? This is the script as well. So it's like, you'll see these. It's at every single stage and this goes into the training process, which I'll do with the setters, but essentially they'll run the conversation through like a trained AI and then the script is like kind of the bones. to move the conversation forward, but they'll, like, personalize each and every response based off what they've said.
Harry Punton: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: So it doesn't sound so descriptive.
Harry Punton: The setters, are they usually, like, Thai-based? Or Philippines, maybe?
Kyle Musca: Usually Philippines, yeah. Yeah, so 6, 7 USD an hour, you know, pretty good. Yeah, that's definitely the right system and structures in place. What do you think is holding, so, like, let's say they want to lose 10 kilos, what do you think is holding you back from, you know, losing that 10 kilos, and what do need right now to, like, make it happen, right? So it's a struggle question. Now, again, it's similar to the ManyChat process in terms of the steps of, like, what we're trying to do. Realistically, we're just trying to get to the point where we ask this question, right? you know, basically, what do they do for work to financially qualify? Now, we want to do a soft financial qualifier because it's like if you, you know, ask anything about, like, income or how much they're willing to invest or anything like that. It immediately steers the conversation into like, what does it cost? We don't have that conversation in the DMs because then it's like, it will always be too expensive no matter what it is. You know what mean? Like if you're talking about it. So yeah, it makes sense. I've helped tons of guys in a similar situation. Where are you based and what does it do for work? So the way you're based is just to add into the main question we're trying to ask here is what do you do for work? But at the same time, it's also good to get that time zone out of the way so you don't have to redo that once you're, you know, talking about booking in time.
Harry Punton: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yep, yep, yep. And then, you know, do you find it highly stressful? You're pretty active, whatever. All right. So just making it, giving it a reason as to why we're asking that.
Harry Punton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This is if they're not financially qualified and you have a low ticket option. Okay. Awesome, bro. And potentially looking to get a coach to help you dial things in. This is the only part that's kind of optional. The only reason I added this in was because I was getting a lot of guys that like were thinking it was free and everything like that. Now, just add a little bit of extra friction into it to, again, make sure that the guys getting on the call are more qualified. I would probably leave it out at the start. You can add it in. It's not the end of the world if you do. Or if you're getting a lot of people asking if it's free, then you can definitely add it in as well. I couldn't do it right now, but how about we line up a call over the next day or so, dive in things a little bit deeper. Would you be down for that? Now, you'll notice as well, whenever I send a question, I always send it on its own. Reason for that is because we want to make sure, like, if you just send it in one big text block, people will, like, skim read it, and they'll probably, or they very well could miss the question at the end. So, we send it in each individual text block so they actually see the question.
Harry Punton: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Ideally, they'll say yes. Now, we manually book the call on it, right? So, we don't send them a Calendly link or anything like that because that will decrease conversion, like, people will just start to ghost from there.
Harry Punton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what we want to do is, yeah, what day time works best for in the next few days? I'll see what I can do, preferably outside of work or driving so we can sit down and map things without distraction, right? You know, hopefully they give you, like, I could do tomorrow at 4 p.m. and you just book it in from there. But if you need further qualification, I could do, you know, tomorrow at 4 p.m. or I could do 4 p.m. slash 6 p.m. or I could do Monday at 5 p.m., you know what mean? Just off the top of head. You just essentially just conversate with them to find times, yeah. Once you've confirmed the time, just so I can lock that in, what's the best phone and email to use, right? Now, in Go High Level, pretty simple. This is why I like it, especially if you've got setters. All you need to do is come and click a time, pick the calendar that you want to do, pick the team member that you want, pick the time zone that they're in. So for the most part, it's going to be the same, but, like, let's say they're in Perth now. It just matches it up nicely. Unless it goes, then from there it will show, and then let's say it's, you know, next Wednesday, because I think I'm booked out until then anyway. Oh, see, I'm on custom. So you go default next. Yeah. Wednesday is the first availability and that's with Ida, which is why that's like that. Cool, man. So the only time I left available for Tommy next Wednesday is 6 p.m. But if we go Thursday, it will show the times that he has available. So the times that you've actually set available in the calendar.
Harry Punton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. All right.
Harry Punton: Yeah. And there's stuff with Go High Level that I just need to get like all, I just haven't got it all set up yet because I was just waiting on things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Go High Level is like, especially just to start up, all you really need to do is be able to book people in the calendar. All you do is use it as a booking thing to start with. That's fine. And then you can just link that.
Harry Punton: You have this link to like Google Calendar, like it'll just pop up on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Harry Punton: Yeah, this is just stuff I need to learn how to just connect it all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they have heaps of training and stuff like that as well. If you want to get on with someone and run it through, they do a lot of that stuff because it is super confusing and overwhelming when you first get on there.
Harry Punton: Yeah, yeah. I heard a little bit of, I guess, just use of it with the Twins, but obviously not on the major side of it. So I'm comfortable with the layout and stuff of it, but I'm just figuring out how to do the actual bigger stuff that I didn't have access to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, ideally, again, if we've got the lead volume, like a setters, we'll jump in and sort of do it for you and you just sort of sit down and take the sales calls.
Harry Punton: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then you just add the contact, it pops up, add new contact if you need to, and the appointment's pretty easy from there. The other reason I like GoHull a lot is because when you come into conversations, something like this, you can add SMS, WhatsApp, email, and Instagram DMs.
Harry Punton: So you can actually add your Instagram DMs. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep, yep, yep. Sometimes ManyChat will bug out and like not show conversations and everything like that. Sometimes they won't be able to, you know, message whatever the case is. Like there's a million, one different areas that could go wrong. It's good to have different messaging platforms so they can always reach out. So you'll need to get your set as access to when we get there. Obviously, ManyChat, go high level, obviously, and also Meta as well because you can message through the ad account itself.
Harry Punton: Oh, okay. Yep, yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. And then, yeah, you can get Australian, US numbers and everything like that.
Harry Punton: Yeah, yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So once that confirmation, so once they've been booked in, we set up automations, you should have just got a confirmation email. that come through? Yep, sweet. If booked with closer versus if booked with, do I only have, if booked with you, right? Yeah, sweet. All logged in. You should have just got a confirmation email. If you could go and confirm that, it'll add it to your calendar. Easy to keep track. So what we're doing, the post... Booking flow is really, really important. A lot of people skip over it. What we're doing is we're explaining exactly how to get on the call and the expectations of the call to increase show-up rate.
Harry Punton: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: If you just book them in and you're like, sweet man, I'll chat to you tomorrow at 7pm, it will feel real impersonal and people won't show up to it.
Harry Punton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So cool, got a confirmation, add it to your thing, sweet. So, Legend, if you have any issues jumping on, feel free to shoot me a message here. I'm more than happy to lend a hand. So just giving them the, like, making aware, just obviously let me know. I used to have it if something pops up, but at no point do we want to set the standard that it's just okay to reschedule because you can't, like, don't feel like jumping on type of thing. So it's like, if you have any issues, just feel free to shoot me a message here. Yeah. Explain that the call will be on Google Meet or Zoom, whatever you use. Yep. I'd recommend Google Meet. Um, so they know that they can download the app beforehand.
Harry Punton: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense? Just want to dive in, make sure. we can dive in. Awesome chatting to you. You know, Michael, super keen to see what I'm up with. I've got to dive into some client programming, but I'll touch base tonight before I call, send you through a couple of things before we chat. Yeah. All right. So just keeping them, making sure that they're aware, because what we'll do, this is part of the, I guess, the pre-call messages. So we'll have manual automations, then we'll have manual, sorry, automated pre-call reminders and messages, and then we'll have manual pre-call messages and reminders, right? Yeah. To really get the most out of this call, have a thing about where you're at, why you want to make a change, and what that change is actually going to do for you. So just getting them trying to forwardly think, so that, you know, obviously getting, they're obviously not going to get emotional about that, but obviously getting the reasoning, the reasoning why top of mind, because that's what's going to help them show up, right?
Harry Punton: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And I have this pre-call video.
Harry Punton: Have you seen this before? Probably not. haven't, no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's just a video, basically. Showing, you'll have this when I send this through to you so you can watch it then. Oh, , actually. I think I logged out of Canva. I might need to log back in. Yeah, so let me quickly speed run this. Oh, . Not going to have enough time to do it. That's right. But essentially, it's just a prequel. Go up on time. Yeah, make sure you're ready to dive into the call, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. All right? You can obviously watch it. I have the Canva template. I just need to log into my proper Canva account and send it through to you. So just remind me about that when you get to it. And then the night before, man, we just say, just look at my calendar. Can't confirm we're good for tomorrow at 4 p.m. Just wanted to check, have you had a chance to watch the video as I sent, right? So just making sure to, we're trying to basically re-engage conversation and just trying to get a reply out of them. So they essentially can. Confirm that they're still good for it without directly asking them and kind of like being annoying about it. Look forward to chatting. And then here's the link, so it's easier to join. This is another reason I like GoHighLevel because for that, all you need to do is come into here, come into the call booking itself, and then you just copy that link there and send it to them.
Harry Punton: Perfect.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Let's see. Pretty easy. And then that's pretty much it. These are obviously objections. You can just keep adding, you know, as objections come. And that, your setter should know how to sort of, again, handle those as they come.
Harry Punton: Yeah. Yep. Gotcha. Obviously, the biggest thing is just not saying the price before on the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So you never want to talk about price in DMs. Reason being is because if someone's too hooked on price, it could be like 20 bucks a week and it's just not, you know, it's still going to be too expensive.
Harry Punton: Yeah, yeah, you're right. And anyone that's that fussed about  price isn't going to be a good client anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. So yeah, just duplicate that and then you can just reword accordingly.
Harry Punton: should be majority similar.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry Punton: So just so I've got a little map out, I need to message that Michael guy about the API?
Kyle Musca: Yep.
Harry Punton: Message.API, perfect. And then I just, obviously I need to muck around, like go high level, get everything all set up with that. That basically makes Calendly, you know, innate, doesn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can get rid of Calendly at that point.
Harry Punton: Yeah. Is there anything else that I need to do to, you know, what sort of, I guess, maybe what's the next steps to get everything up and running to? Who actually have ads in place and like, I've seen like a quite a few good ads, obviously. You know, I see that quite a lot of the, I think it's called Fitness Factory or something like that, the black dude with a real deep voice. Yeah. And like, you know, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'm writing ad scripts for you at the moment. Usually I get them back, like turned around quicker because usually I write them myself. But I'm bringing on a copywriter just to try and train him up and get him, he's doing a really good job, but just trying to make sure he does it properly from the start. But just so I can pump out heaps of volume with it. So I've just sort of been training with him. He's got one script ready, hopefully has the other two by today or tomorrow, the latest. I'll to proofread them, like basically rewrite them so he gets the gist of them. And then we'll get some graphics done as well in the meantime.
Harry Punton: What does that mean? Or as in like, just like literally the, like a, like a still graphic?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we want to design them so they look like organic. Instagram stories, essentially. We don't want them to look like an ad.
Harry Punton: Yep. Yep. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So I can send you through examples and everything like that and the frameworks to use them. With all that stuff, then, I would very much recommend avoiding using AI to write them just because AI is just not very good at creative writing. And we want to be very specific and we want to use very tangible outcomes. You know what mean?
Harry Punton: Yeah. I think that's something I'll be fine with anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Cool, bro. Any questions on that stuff at all?
Harry Punton: I don't think so. I think just a bit to digest. Obviously, I want to familiarize myself with the, you know, ads and just like that inside of the stuff in there. I don't think – if any questions come to I'll pop you a message, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry Punton: Great.
Kyle Musca: Cool, yeah. Realistically, at this sort of pace, we'll probably look to have ads up and running by early to mid next week.
Harry Punton: Cool. I'm keen on that, man. And whatever you need done and got ready, just let me know and I'll make sure to sort it out as fast as I can.
Kyle Musca: Thank That'd be good. Sweet. Let me know if you have any issues in the meantime. Otherwise, yeah, we'll just keep pumping it organically and go from there. Sounds good, bro. Thanks for the call. No worries, man. All right. Enjoy the the day. You too, bro. Bye. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 169/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-16T05:28:50Z | id:138452141
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. I've liked.
Bre Colley: That's cool. Mohammed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I just added him and saw that, but that's fine. But this is his edits. You're not rich. You will go broke. Trying to build a perception for yourself so that other people think that you're doing a lot better than you actually are. You don't need a six-figure salary to become rich. You can change your financial life in six months. See, Vivian, too, rewired her brain on Wall Street. And she built her reputation by calling BS on feel-good money rules and replaced them with data-backed finance systems. She learned, I do believe you can think your way to rich in many ways if you know where to look. And today, we'll see if you agree with me by the end of the sentence. What other frameworks do you have about saving, investing, or making money that, like, everybody needs to know? I like to help people calculate their fucky number, close your eyes for a second, and imagine your perfect year. How much would that one year cost you? And at that point, you could tell your boss,  you and quit. Can I also say something that's probably a little controversial? Yes, please.
Bre Colley: So, that's long, but yeah, that's good.
Kyle Musca: If you want to instantly grab somebody's attention, you need to give them something unexpected. So, there's a Russian neuroscientist that discovered this reflex, but anytime a brain encounters novelty, it diverts a lot of processing power to it. And so, your brain is actually wired to prioritize surprise, curiosity, pattern breaks over logical information. That's how we get you on TikTok with these crazy clicks. We had videos, right? So the way you start a conversation matters more than the conversation itself, which is crazy.
Bre Colley: This girl has quite a lot of really good people on her podcast. If he's actually done this for her, then she's got 1.7K reviews, but I was literally listening to her podcast this morning, only for the guests that she had on. But, you know, I have...
Kyle Musca: You need to stop working. I've called working at 12.45, by the way. Pardon?
Bre Colley: I have a call with Lily at 12.45.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. I met somebody, very successful guy. We started talking about his business and my business, and I started telling him, obviously, I'm running around, I'm making very good money now, more money than I ever imagined I could make. But I'm running around a lot, and I feel like if I stopped, my business would stop. And that's when he said, he said, you need to stop working. In your business, and you need to start working on your business. I mean, you need to try to set up systems that make the business run by itself.
Bre Colley: So you could then go on a vacation, you could step out, or in the future, you could, you know, move on to other things. Yeah, like pretty decent, right? Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: So do you want to chat to him?
Bre Colley: Well, I just put a contract in place with mine, and he said he can do two, and he gets penalized. If he doesn't get them back to me, but he also, if he turns them around really quick, he gets them, like, a bonus. So, like, within three days, if he gets  back to me. So we'll see how he goes, and then if he, because he's done so much better. It's just because he was on holidays. Like, he's just, he was, I think he was probably scared that he would have lost the business if he told me. But I lost trust, so, but his work is just so good. So it's hard.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, we'll see how it goes. Cool. How was this week?
Bre Colley: Do you feel like your job form? No. Sorry, I forgot.
Kyle Musca: No. I'm take this seriously.
Bre Colley: I do.
Kyle Musca: You didn't feel it out last week either.
Bre Colley: I don't feel it out. It's not me. I can't.
Kyle Musca: Oh. I'll do that then.
Bre Colley: Camille.
Kyle Musca: How am I meant to know what problems you're dealing with if you don't feel it out?
Bre Colley: You talk to me.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, I don't think it's been enough time for this to be updated yet. So, okay. Wait. How does that make sense?
Bre Colley: I think we changed our call time, so.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no, no, no. It just wasn't today's. Yeah, so it'll be tomorrow. Okay. Cool. Can you talk? Mill to do it. If we're going to have it Thursday, can you make sure it's Wednesday to Wednesday?
Bre Colley: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: That should be there and that should be... All right, so how many calls have you had in the last week?
Bre Colley: Um, like, 25? No. Um, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, but, like, there was, like, 2 or 3 cancels. I haven't taken them all. I've only sold 3 out of 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 11, so that's not ideal.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So...
Bre Colley: I'm telling you, it's the Indians. I had, like, 3 Indians this week. I'm not even kidding, which is why I actioned that straight away.
Kyle Musca: You should just tell your clothes is like a set as if they're Indian, just sell my ticket.
Bre Colley: Just don't book my call. Okay, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Oh my gosh, buddy.
Bre Colley: What?
Kyle Musca: What is this?
Bre Colley: I don't know.
Kyle Musca: I'm make it clean so we can see where things are going. And then you didn't connect that up, you goose. Wait, what?
Bre Colley: I don't know.
Kyle Musca: so that's very important to do. Okay, it's confusing. Okay, cool. So that obviously isn't going be enough time for us to really see what the 's going on. Why is that turned off?
Bre Colley: What the  is turned off?
Kyle Musca: Messages.
Bre Colley: No, because I have to have two separate ones. One's message, one's email. One's message, one's comments. Because of that stupid  thing on metal.
Kyle Musca: Okay, I was like, what the ? Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Most of them are Australian.
Bre Colley: Now, at least. Yeah, I looked through that this morning.
Kyle Musca: So then the, if you do this, by the way, no point in having conversion API in that, aren't we? I guess that could still be there. But you've to delete the conversion API here because that is not yet classified as a qualified lead. Now we need to add it to this part. Where the  is the app? Oh, there we go. Should just change it to get out of here stinky when you're not looking.
Bre Colley: , Kyle. I swear to God. I hate, I actually hate him. I haven't met a nice one ever. I'm not even kidding. Well, they can be nice, but they're just  the same mindset.
Kyle Musca: I'm just hating on It's still good, 100%. It hasn't dropped anything, which is fantastic. Obviously, just making that edit through that out there, which is nice. I don't know why that  did that, but anyway. Cool, babe. So you're still getting plenty.
Bre Colley: Yeah, for sure. Which is why I'm like, cool. I know as well my energy will  look like  Well, hang on.
Kyle Musca: Are you sure they came from the lead manga?
Bre Colley: Um, not all of them. Like, I had three, four, five, six, seven out of the lead magnet out of like 18 calls. So not like a  ton, but let me just double check this.
Kyle Musca: I would just, if they're that bad and they're that big, you probably don't want to talk to them that much. I would just go into sell by chat, low ticket.
Bre Colley: Yeah, I just messaged my setters that because  off.
Kyle Musca: Just, yeah, because you want to free up your time as much as possible if you're getting a lot of calls.
Bre Colley: Wait, what is the... Hang on. Let me just check this. Maybe I'm incorrect. Maybe it's the other way around. There's like 12 from the, oh, they're looking in the wrong calendars. I'm going to message them, but I think a lot of them are coming from that. That's so annoying now. I can't calculate it.
Kyle Musca: So I guess we should spend our time talking about what we want this, um, what's her name? Cassie or something? Lily.
Bre Colley: Lily. Lily.
Kyle Musca: What do we want Lily doing?
Bre Colley: Hmm. I wanted to take some calls, like, calls for me. I think she'd be a weapon at that. And I notice already, I don't want to take calls right now. I'm resenting it. Like, I'm just, like, hating it. so I like to take calls, but if I'm overloaded, then I get kind of personalized with it. And I'm like, you  stupid , you're not signing. So it's like, I don't want to be like that. I understand people don't sign all the time and it's all good, but the whole like sales is crack. So I'd love for her to take some, Lily Dixon, top one. Um, I'd love for her to take some sales calls. Yeah, you would have seen her. She used to do like, um, she used to do sales at Good Life. She used to be a power lifter. She used to do EMF reception. So you could have seen her there. She also started PT at EMF and then went fully online within like a month.
Kyle Musca: What, um, she's got such a big following.
Bre Colley: What's stopping her from doing this on her own? She has. And she just stopped.
Kyle Musca: She just didn't like it or?
Bre Colley: I don't know. I'll ask her today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cause she has a very big following. You know, we, you know, it would actually be.
Bre Colley: Go to be front-end.
Kyle Musca: Well, no, she can do what we're telling her to do, be the closer, be the...
Bre Colley: Also do ads.
Kyle Musca: The community thing, but we can use her as, like, the front-end marketing. But the only issue I see there, maybe she'll want to be like, well, I'll just do it on my own. It's going to be hard to know without, like, chatting to her properly, but, like, that's a little bit concerning because you don't want to teach her about how everything operates and everything. Yeah, true.
Bre Colley: But she's already run a successful business on her own. She must... I will ask her if she, like, got sick of it or what, like, what happened? Because she was fun, like, she was thriving for years. So I don't know. Maybe just got sick of it by herself.
Kyle Musca: And if she doesn't, you know, maybe she...
Bre Colley: Yeah, she's done heaps of stuff. Like, if you watch those, they're, like, ad videos for Dubai. So she can do ads very easily. If that were the case.
Kyle Musca: I reckon have a chat to her and just talk, suss out like obviously why she doesn't want to do this on her own and everything like that. Get her into a closing position if you feel like she will be good for that because we can use her as a closer for yours and even Tamara's. If we get that  constant sign that  up. Anyway, but then also a ghost coach to give her a bit of a salary and everything on the side. I just don't know how to run a ghost coach.
Bre Colley: you know how run a ghost coach? No, because like I feel like you need to have the name on WhatsApp like connected to that.
Kyle Musca: That's the only thing. Well, you can log in on different devices on WhatsApp. So she can still log in on her computer on WhatsApp on let's say Tamara's account and be in the team chat and stuff. You just can't send that broadcast messages.
Bre Colley: Right. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Let me ask George. George. Okay. Might even ask Kate, actually. See how they go. And then if, depending on what she says as to why she doesn't want to do it on her own, then we could also just be like, okay, well, we're actually thinking of doing X, Y, Z, where we'll run the entire business for you and you basically get a cut from it. She. She looks the part. She would fit really well. She gets good engagement. She obviously looks fit.
Bre Colley: Yeah. I think she did kill it, so I don't know why. I did ask her. Maybe she just wanted a change or something different, work for someone, not be so lonely in Dubai. Genuinely, I think it was like two or three years she was doing accredited sports nutritionist and online coach. She still has that in her bio.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Suss that because that's very important. We can't make a decision until we know what really is that, like based off that. Yeah. to grow her, let me know. I'll  take her on as client. Okay. So, yeah, I reckon primarily sale, close a few originally, like primarily. If you suss what we wanted to do, like realistically for tomorrow, it's just reply back to messages, do admin . And, and be active in.
Bre Colley: Community chat, but we'd have to figure out how much that the pay is from that and like how much to scale it over time. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because we wouldn't, we would have to figure out like what we technically bringing her on for there, like maybe a.
Bre Colley: She's kind of like a virtual assistant.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like an admin type role.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it's like maybe she handles fail payments and stuff like that and everything. If this is what I'm not understanding though, because it's like, she's got enough of posing. That's crazy.
Bre Colley: Yeah, sound good. Honestly, keep your posted. If you need a hand with anything, let me know. Even if it's like back-end stuff, not necessarily all the coaching stuff. Back-end stuff. I think all the coaching calls are really all the coaching calls. And yeah, oh, wait. So even if need someone to do like back-end or like community kind of stuff for you.
Kyle Musca: Back-end community. Free time. was doing PA. I was doing PA. Yeah. So she's open. Shut up. Yeah, but it just doesn't make sense because she's basically doing all the things to run a business.
Bre Colley: That's it. Maybe it's just like having to do it. I don't know. But that's That's the thing. Kat was thriving, but she's already loving joining us because it's a community. People want to be a part of something. And if you're building something, people, like you said last night, people want to be a part of that. But doing it on your own can be boring and whatever else. It's kind of like it's your hard work and you've got everything you want, but human connection is what people thrive in. We're tribal human beings. So I'll suss it. Like, I'll definitely ask her first before I dive into like, hey, we've got all these opportunities for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, it could be really good. Okay. Enne, okay. Is there anything else you're wanting to cover specifically? Because we kind of have to put a pin into that until you speak to her.
Bre Colley: Not really. I feel like everything's still going really well. I know what I'm up to. I know what I need to do. You've trained me well, I think. Yeah, that was the only problem. For me, it's kind of just like, if I have a problem, I just kind of message you anyways at this point. And we just kind of fix it. But, anything. everything. I would Yeah, I think for us, it's just like now going to that next phase of like, what do things look like as we scale?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, I have a call with Tamara this afternoon. Hopefully, she shows up for it. And hopefully, you can get it connected there.
Bre Colley: So it'll work out really well. By the time you have a chat with this girl, we'll know what we want to do there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And we're going to start feeding her calls pretty much immediately.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I cleaned up this morning. I just like went around and just like cleaned up all my sales, like SOPs and stuff. So they're ready to go for her, exactly what she needs to do. And so, yeah, have a chat. See how we go.
Kyle Musca: Then in terms of your business, like everything, ads and stuff are still running really, really well.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Oh, I have filmed my ads, which I'll get them back next week if this thing works out. And then I've also, I just did three graphics. I haven't done like many, but I just did three graphics for the challenge. But like you said, like, let's just kind of hold off. Maybe I can start it at like May.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I mean, yeah, add an end date in and we can always cut it out. But one thing that's actually working really well for me is these selfie-style ads. And I'm not sure if it's because of what I said more than anything. So many. Let me go actually find the  one that's doing really well. But I came from the angle of like, I'm doing a giveaway. You have to earn it.
Bre Colley: Right.
Kyle Musca: And that's been going so hard. Like, again, I had to turn up two ad campaigns in half the spend because it was just pulling through too hard.
Bre Colley: That's so good.
Kyle Musca: How was your shop rate as well? Is it pretty good?
Bre Colley: Yeah, it's always good. They will message beforehand. And if they cancel, like lately it's been good like that. Like, yeah, they will cancel or reschedule. But majority, yeah, I don't really have a problem with show-up rate on the call.
Kyle Musca: We have, I feel like we've nailed that process for sure.
Bre Colley: Because I've seen calls get booked in and then disappear. So obviously when they followed them up, they're like, no, which is good. I'd rather you not waste my  time.
Kyle Musca: Oh my gosh, this is so slow. Yeah, so this one costs probably eight bucks. And that's been not much. Technically this one. Actually, they're all selfie style. They're all doing well. Holy , man. Load faster. Because we're both on the wall, so...
Bre Colley: What?
Kyle Musca: We're downloading this.
Bre Colley: I'm not.
Kyle Musca: I'm just ...
Bre Colley: This is ridiculous.
Kyle Musca: What the  is that? Mate, you're  me off. Four, let's just go. you, mate. And four. Hey, brother. Let me ask you a question. How much fat do you reckon you could lose over a six-month period if you knew that by the end you'd win $10,000 including an all-expenses-paid holiday straight to Thailand? Well, I've just launched my six-month-to-shredded challenge designed to do exactly that. And if you're wondering what's possible, my last challenge is going to count on 15 kilos of fat in just 12 weeks. And how we do it is I'm going to give you all the structured guidance and accountability to get better results faster than you ever thought possible. And by the end, not only will you be the biggest, strongest, leanest, and most confident version of yourself, you'll actually have the ability to earn over $10,000. And that's exactly why I created this challenge.
Bre Colley: I wanted to do a giveaway, but I didn't want to leave it up to chance. If you put in the effort and get the best results, then you will win. It's that simple. So if you're ready to challenge yourself to get the best physical and mental shape of your life and earn over $10,000 in prizes, including all expenses paid at holidays straight to Thailand, deem the word challenge. Now you must be at least 21 and I'm only taking on 50. One, make sure that every lad gets the best result possible, and secondly, to make sure that every lad has a real chance. Winning. Entries closed May 10th, and 24 of those 15 spots have already gone to my DRB waitlist, so don't push this off. Shoot me through that DM, I'll chat to you soon. Nice, that's so good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like very challenge-centric at the start.
Bre Colley: That was on one-time speed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah,  around, bud.
Bre Colley: Yeah, it's a really, really good ad, babes.
Kyle Musca: And then there's this one as well. Just all couples, so you know, you know? Hi lads, I'm doing a giveaway, and this time I'm making it bigger and better than I've ever done before. I'm going to give you the chance to win over $10,000 in prizes, including all expenses paid holidays straight to Thailand. And all you have to do to win is cut fat, build muscle, and get into the best physical and mental shape of your life. So with that being said, let me introduce you to my brand new 6 Months to Shred It Challenge, designed specifically for men who need to cut 15 to 30 kilos of fat just in time for summer. I'm going to give you all the structure, guidance, and accountability you
Bre Colley: need to get better results faster and easier than anything you've done before. So if you're to learn a little bit more about what's involved, deem me the word challenge. Now, you must be at least 21 years old, and to make sure that everybody has a fair chance of winning, capping spots are just 50. 24 of those spots have already gone to my VIP waitlist. Entries officially closed May 10th, but I guarantee you spots will fill before then. So shoot me to do that, DM. Let's a chat. Nice.
Kyle Musca: Alright.
Bre Colley: Yeah. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: 42nd mark, you know?
Bre Colley: Yeah, straight to it. That's your usual 40 seconds. That's pretty good, babes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, shut up. You don't even want to do 40 seconds. Cool, babes. Well, yeah, I think we're just pumping. literally, we just need to, you know, maybe hire a close. you've got a coach, we can open up the floodgates and just go ham.
Bre Colley: oath.
Kyle Musca: Anything else you want to cover? Like, really, there's not too much. We're just...
Bre Colley: No, can I just have a cuddle?
Kyle Musca: You want a cuddle?
Bre Colley: I want a cuddle.
Kyle Musca: Okay, you have 15 minutes, you can have a cuddle.
Bre Colley: Yay!


>>> 170/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-16T07:02:32Z | id:138456898
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, how going? Good. How's things?
asha: I feel like such a dickhead at what I told you today. I'm so annoyed at myself.
Kyle Musca: I hear it good. I mean, at least we improved the show, right?
asha: Hey.
Kyle Musca: At least we improved the show up right though, right?
asha: Yeah, 100%. But I'm just like, oh my God, I could have had so many more girls paying weekly. And I'm just like, oh no, you can't afford the ... I'm just so annoyed.
Kyle Musca: Like, that's been going through my head all day. Yeah, no. So, I mean, the payment structure can be... Let's dive into that. And then I want to obviously break down and do some core reviews. Yeah. Because, again, you can see, like, as I was saying the other day, we're slowly removing... The congestion in the funnel and we're right at the, like the sales is like the last thing until we just open the floodgates and we're, you know, booming. So now with the payment structures and everything like that, we, let's say you get to the, you know, you said  $900 and then 500 a month after that, whatever, they're not budging, or thousand, they're not, they're not budging. But like, okay, so this is why adding urgency is really, really important for each of these packages.
asha: Have you been saying there's like two spots left, there's one spot left, et cetera? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So this is where the downside comes into it. So it's like, okay, you know, you've objection handled, you've done all the things you should do. Okay. Look, I probably shouldn't do this, but, you know, from, from what you've told me, does seem like you're really serious about making this change and it's purely just financials that are holding you back. And I really don't want that to be the thing that, that stops you from stepping to that version of yourself. That you want to become. So look, what I can do is I do have a silver package. Now, it is technically full. I think there's a spot opening mid to end of next week. I think I'd have to double check on that. But what I can do is I can slow you in to take that position. And instead, what that would do is instead of, you know, the $3,500 for the six months, it'd bring it right down as $2,500. So you'd be saving $1,000 just there. And then I know you've mentioned that sort of, you know, it's like really just a cash flow problem at the moment, which I completely understand. So the good thing about that one is we can actually just go straight on to $100 a week.
asha: Yeah, 's sake. That's really good. I honestly reckon I could have signed like six, seven girls in the past like two weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you can even have this as... So technically it's a...
asha: I've got that on my thing. Because I know Ava went in.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I mean, it's a little bit, it's technically a little bit more than that, but you can adjust it. You can say $2,400 and comes to $100 a week or whatever.
asha: Yeah. Okay, so the six-month, yeah, this one here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
asha: Because I've got the Confident Queen downsell, which I will downsell the girls to either like the three-month or whatever. But, yeah, I've just never done the downsell to the week-to-week. But, hey, I can do that for the coming calls, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what you can actually do, we haven't spoken about the Magic Hat before, have we?
asha: We have, yes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just go through all those girls and technically you could say $1,000 off because if you pitch, depending on what you've pitched, because if you pitch six months, you could technically do $1,000 off. If it's three months, it's only $500 off.
asha: Hang on, I'm just finding the link.
Kyle Musca: I know it's in here somewhere. Well, actually, technically, because it's $1,500 here, $100 a week to 12 weeks would be obviously $1,200. So you could say $800 off. Give me one second.
asha: Let me just find the internet in this room. This is so  bad. Sorry. I know I have opened it. Where is it? Is it saved on the magic hat?
Kyle Musca: It is, yeah. The script should be saved on the magic hat. At least, at least.
asha: I'll search for it in our, um, in our chat.
Kyle Musca: Otherwise, I can just send it to you if it's easier. Depends if you've reworded it or not.
asha: No, I wouldn't have reworded it. Magic. go away. Also, guess what?
Kyle Musca: What?
asha: I got prescribed with Dexys and Vyvanse today. I'm so excited. Now I have no reason to not be able to lock in. Can you just resend it to me? I don't know where the  it is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just send it to you then. Yeah. Yeah. So I think this, this would be a great combination because it'll allow you to get them back on the call. And you, you know, you're basically selling the same package as the downsell option, but you're saying they've won something.
asha: So they'll feel even better about it. Yeah. And should I say like to the girls, like if I go back through the girls that I've spoken to the last like two, three. Weeks, who I know it was, well, look, it could have just been another excuse, but for a couple of them, I feel like if it was just the weekly, they definitely would have signed. Should I go in there and I guess I shouldn't really change it up too much, should I?
Kyle Musca: No, you just say like, hey, you know, every month I do a random giveaway for anyone that's, you know, I would probably say had a consult call about coaching.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I'm so excited to, you know, announce or so excited to say that you're the one that I pulled out, for example.
asha: Yeah. Yeah, perfect. And then is that where I'd get them back on another call or say like?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Because if they've already been, it's a pretty easy thing. I mean, you just get back on the call. You just chat about, you know, what you spoke about last time. I am. And it's like, cool. So, you know, I'll probably say $1,000, make it even more enticing.
asha: Yeah. And then that will, because a lot of them was, it was like $1,200 up front or something that they had to pay, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
asha: And even if I got them to pay $200 up front in a weekly fee, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the downsellers like really, I feel like that's probably one of the missing people, like last missing pieces for you is like, that's exactly what the downsellers designed for us to go into. Like the rest of them try and stick to these. Cause again, technically again, though, for six months, you could go on $500 as a deposit and then 500, 600 as a month after that. But the reason I usually don't like to go the third is because like, if they're not going to be able to afford, you know, $600 as a deposit, then how are going to afford $600 a month after that?
asha: But some people do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So usually I do the first two, but they still don't bite on that. And it's like, oh, look, I really shouldn't be doing this. But, you know, X, Y, Z.
asha: Yeah. Yeah. So I have been able to downsell girls to, I have my Confident Queen package in the downsell package that you've got here, and I'll get them to sign there. But it's, yeah, it's just that. The weekly offer, but I'm going to use that and see how many more girls we can get on. There is, you know, that screenshot that I sent you today? The... In WhatsApp?
Kyle Musca: The calendar. Oh, yeah, yeah.
asha: This girl. Like, this is the kind of leads I'm getting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it might also be your audience.
asha: It's probably the annoying thing.
Kyle Musca: Are they working full-time, though?
asha: So there's a lot of girls that are just getting the automation for the Google Drive that are students, but a lot of these people are working full-time or they email me and they're like, oh, hey, like... I'm have to reschedule and then I will reschedule them for them. Then they just cancel. They don't show up. It's obviously getting better. It's so much better than when we first started. Like I am obviously getting girls on calls. But, yeah, I guess it's just kind of filtering and getting a better audience from my posts and stuff.
Kyle Musca: How many calls have you done, like booked in last week and how many actually showed up?
asha: So I filled out that form. Do you have that form there? I think it was like 16 girls booked and I've spoken to – I didn't write it in my call thing. I only wrote it in your form. Do you have that there?
Kyle Musca: I can pull it up. Just off the top of your head, is it like a decent amount showed up or like what?
asha: Eight, I think. And you've still got – This, I've got two calls.
Kyle Musca: That makes it easier.
asha: I've got three calls left this week.
Kyle Musca: So that means 12, so 50% show up rate still. So 12 have gone so far and six showed up.
asha: Yeah. I think I wrote 0%. Oh, wait, that was with conversions, I think.
Kyle Musca: I wonder if it's potentially from TikTok. TikTok might be bringing  quality leads.
asha: Well, actually, you've just made me realize the leads from TikTok, if they go through, I still have my job form in TikTok. I haven't even checked that in a couple of days. So I think majority of these are coming from Instagram because my TikTok is  . At the moment, like for someone who has 100k followers, I'm getting the worst views.
Kyle Musca: Do you want to send me a call recording, your most recent call recording?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Preferably one that was like, you know, kind of maybe on the fence rather than someone who just was  broke and couldn't afford it.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you've been doing the pre-call message and everything?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have they been reporting to that?
asha: Not really. I don't, I either get a red or a love heart and half the people I speak to, they're like, oh no, sorry, I didn't even get a chance to read, to watch it. But the girls that do watch it, they're like, sorry, the girls who I message, they're usually like, oh no, I didn't watch it.
Kyle Musca: Sorry. Yeah. So. Do you want to send me your DM script as well while you're at it, please?
asha: This call that I had was actually a really good call, and I forgot to let my  Fathom in, so it was like halfway through.
Kyle Musca: Do you want that one, or do you want one from the start? Probably, if you have something similar from the start, would be better.
asha: Yeah, why is this all coming up in the different, sorry, I keep logging into a different, what am I trying to say? A different email address, hang on. Is this right, yeah. Okay, so is this, I'll send it on WhatsApp, yeah? So that's the DM script. And then let me just find a call. Shelby is my current client.
Kyle Musca: So what I would strongly recommend you doing here, and again, it's fun for doing it yourself.
asha: Oh, yeah, I didn't even realize you're being DMed, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if they don't book this call, I would even engage in conversation with them if they book the call. So the reason you're probably having a low show up right now is because there's not much personalization. So they're not really feeling that connected to you. Like, that's a strong lever we can pull. Yeah. So even if they book in the call, I would come in and chat to them and go, hey, just so you book in the call, yada, yada, yada. And then basically engage into this. Hey, just saw you booked in a call, and I just wanted to reach out. Oh, . That is a second of a cent, fuckers.
asha: That's okay.
Kyle Musca: Hey, Sarah, I just had look through my answers and struggling with nutrition while trying to lose weight is something I see all the time. Or, hey, Rachel, I just saw you booked in a call, so I thought I'd reach out and just have a bit of a chat to you beforehand so I can get a better understanding of what you're looking to do. And then just goes through the goal question of, do you have a specific goal, weight, or mind, and focus, whatever, right? Mind with health. Yeah, perfect. And then, like, you basically just follow this step for step, you know what I mean?
asha: Yeah. It's definitely something I haven't been putting in enough time with is chatting to them. But I am trying to be like, oh, hey, girl, like, have a senior book to call in.
Kyle Musca: Whatever. But yeah, I can definitely dive more into that. Yeah. It's tedious, but like, I would just have your, like, even if you have just ManyChat up open through the day and as you're working, know what mean? Like, it's  tedious. And again, it's the first time I try to get you out of, like, so you don't have to do it. But, you know, if we can just put in the groundwork to build a bit of rapport, make sure they know that they're connected with you, get the show up right on and get them more excited for the call, then, like, it will help to uncongest where we're at.
asha: And then, again, we can scale it from there. Yeah. Because is that, is that what you think is, I guess, like, holding back these girls from even joining the call? Because they're like, oh, like, it's not even  real. Or, like, it's just, like, there's no connection there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If they don't feel like there's, you know, if they don't feel heard, if they don't feel like they've been really cared about and it just feels too salesy, then they won't value it. And then they're like, nah,  it. Especially if they're already... Nervous and everything like that. But if you can jump in there, you can actually chat to them. They're going to feel, like they'll see that you're a real human being, right? Which is massive. So they'll respect you more. And two, you can get them excited about the call. You know what I mean? Because they've actually spoken to you and everything like that. And now they're forward thinking about what's possible just by chatting with you.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So let me unread that.
asha: There's definitely, I haven't, the last probably 24 hours have definitely slapped off. So I need to go in after our call and do a little bit of quality control in my DMs.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So yeah, I feel like if you just go in with a kill for the call, someone like this, who probably is a little bit more nervous because, you know, especially girls can be very nervous around weight loss and everything like that. And I would never. Pricing in the DMs.
asha: That was just in the DM script.
Kyle Musca: So that's why I popped that in there. Yeah, you only say that if they're like not qualified, like if they're a student or apprentice, but if they're getting this time, unless you get through the conversation and then they say that they're a student or apprentice, a really low-income job.
asha: Yeah, because usually I do the whole like personalize to each individual, rah, rah, rah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then you basically say like that's exactly what I break down on the call, et cetera. But if you say price in the DMs, you could say it's $40 a week and you'll get this response every time.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They're only focusing on, they only see this number. They don't even think about anything else that comes with it.
asha: I feel like most people are expecting like a $30, $40 plan or something, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, they're just not emotional. So it's like you can't. So... you. Um, get into the, um, yeah, yeah. It's just not emotional. So like, they're just only looking at the numbers. So it doesn't matter. could be  $5 a week to be like, nah, talk about that. Um, and then, yeah, speed delete, just trying to, at at the top of this a little bit more. Um, if I was you in the setting process, I would just have this up all day long and I would just consistently check it through the day.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: With, with, yeah, I need to do like, sorry. With, with just this tag, because that only filtered out all the qualified leads you should be talking to. Um, you know, if, if you miss the, you know, working part-time people, um, it doesn't matter. Let me check what she wants real quick.
asha: True. I'm sorry. I didn't even know I could do this with the filter. Let me just go in. Qualified leads. Okay, cool. I didn't even know I could do that. That makes my life so much easier.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah. So I definitely think that's playing a huge, huge part. Especially if someone's booked in a call, I would come in. Either way, you should be chatting to everyone. If they're booked in the call automatically, come in and have a chat to them. That should increase show-up rate massively if you just have that conversation with them once they've booked the call.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Here as well, got to be really cautious about this.
asha: About what, sorry, I can't see. Oh no, where's that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like if...
asha: And I haven't responded, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because she's going to, because, you know, if they, if you're slow in the DMs, then it's like, well, you know...
asha: So she just booked, didn't she? Do you mind if I quickly go in and say something so I don't forget that? And you can tell me, hang on, ah, why can't I say anything? Nikita? Yeah. Hey girl, I've booked in on Saturday. But if you have anything sooner. I actually did say that, wow, I was meant to respond to it, but I don't have anything.
Kyle Musca: Is that bad or should I try to find the spot for her tomorrow? Just be like, hey girl, so sorry I missed this. Got heaps of, have had heaps of messages over the last couple of days. And then it's completely up to you. Again, she seems keen. If she wants to jump on sooner, that's a really good sign. That just depends if you can get them on there.
asha: You know what? I might even be able to get her on. She'll probably do like 3pm tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
asha: Should I just offer her that? Let me check. I have a call at 4. So I'll do three. I'll message her now.
Kyle Musca: Even, would it be potential? Like, what does Ava do for you? Would it be potential for her to be active in these DMs as well?
asha: So I did speak to her. Oh, in the DMs. So just due to her, she's, like, coming really close to the end of her pregnancy. So she's reduced her days from Monday, Wednesday, Friday to Tuesday, Thursday. I could definitely get her in there, to be honest, even if it was just, like, half an hour a day or something.
Kyle Musca: It depends, like, because you're getting a lot of lead volume. Like, these are all in two days, you know what mean? So you're actually getting a lot of lead volume through here. And there's definitely people slipping through the cracks from it. So it's, like, what we could even do is we could hire, like, a DM setter to just check this a couple times a day.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They're only, like, six to seven years an hour. So, I mean, they're definitely, like, worth their waiting.
asha: Um, I, and see, I was, I tried this on Monday and I tried this on Tuesday and I was able to keep up with it. But then for me, I don't want to then go like, Oh, one, two days it slipped. And then these people are lost leads, you know, because I did reach out to the girl that you sent me and she wanted to do like six hours a day, three days a week.
Kyle Musca: And I was like, I don't even have that much. Yeah. What, what I could do is I could potentially get you, my clothes, my setters, because it's, even if it's only like, you know, three hours a day for something like just through the day, just to make sure responses are getting replied to.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because you don't need full-time work or anything like that. Um, it doesn't make sense. So it's in that weird little middle ground where it's like, it would be good to have someone, but like getting someone there solely full-time would be hard to do.
asha: Do you even think like two hours, like every day, is that, is that something that someone would do? Like just like. Like an hour in the morning, hour in the afternoon, even if it's like four days a week or something.
Kyle Musca: If they've got something else going on, yeah, it wouldn't be someone's sole purpose.
asha: Oh, yeah, absolutely not.
Kyle Musca: But, again, like even if you just use mine for right now, just to get a response.
asha: Is the one that you gave me?
Kyle Musca: Did you go through Clemet?
asha: Yes. So we were going to an agency.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Clemet is just, yeah, more of an agency. So she would need someone full-time, whereas mine are in-source. So, again, they already worked on my account. I can just give you a couple hours.
asha: Should I? Sorry, I've just seen this Nikita Girl's message come through. I'll take a quick lunch break around 3 p.m.
Kyle Musca: Do I just?
asha: Obviously, it's going to take around 30, 45 minutes.
Kyle Musca: No. Keep it Saturday. You don't want to distract her and have to run off back to work.
asha: So I'll just say that to her because when did she book in? She's booked in. Yeah, she's booked in 12.15 on Saturday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, never try and do it in lunch breaks or anything like that or while they're driving or anything.
asha: What should I say in that instance? Like, let's just leave it to Saturday because I don't want you to be rushed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just be like, yeah, in that case, it might be better to leave it for Saturday. Definitely don't want to rush it or take up your lunch break.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What happened with Sabrina?
asha: So she said, I don't know if I believed her, that's someone I could clearly send the magic hat to. So she said she was super, super keen and then she said that she didn't have enough money in her account at the moment because if she puts the money in her account, then the bank sees it or. Some , she had to go to the bank in the morning to put the money in. And I was like, okay, can't wait to see your name come through. And then, yeah, I didn't follow that up.
Kyle Musca: She puts money in the bank.
asha: I know. I was like, do I know whether to believe you or not? She's like, I can afford the weekly, but it's just the upfront. I need to put money in my account. In that case, it might be best to leave our call for Saturday.
Kyle Musca: And then once you've done that, can you please send me a call recording and we'll power through that?
asha: Yeah. I'm actually really annoyed. I think most of my calls this week that I've had, they've been so much better. And especially since the call with Bree as well. Like, I really loved the chat with her, but I just keep  forgetting to let Fathom in, which is annoying. Um, let send this. Okay, so this girl. She kind of hit me at the end and she's like, oh, I'm just letting you know that, like, I am speaking to another couple coaches. And then I was like, do you want this call?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, go for it.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So even with that, that's a great sort of, that's a great, a great objection handle there. It's like, yeah, that's no stress. And I think it's, you know, smart idea to sort of see what else is out there. But I guess with everything that we've spoken about today, like on a scale of one to 10, with 10 being the program's absolutely perfect and one being like a dickhead and completely missed the mark, where are we sitting on that line? And maybe it's an eight, especially the higher they go, the better here. Because if they say like eight, it's like, okay, I mean, that's, you know, why isn't it lower as we do? What do we need to do to get it to a 10? They'll say whatever.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, okay. So, I mean, from the sounds of it, you know, everything we've spoken about today sounds, you know, perfect. Like, you know, pretty much exactly what you're looking for. I do understand wanting to have a chat to other coaches and everything like that. But I guess, do you mind if I challenge you on that perspective real quick? Yeah. I guess, let's put it like this way. If you found the man of your dreams, right? He was everything you've ever wanted. He was tall, dark, handsome, you know, earning good money. He took care of you. was loving, was romantic, everything like that, right? Right. And he got down on one knee and he proposed to you. Would you be like, oh, this is really nice. But like, I just want to go see what, you know, the other guys are sort of offering as well.
asha: You know, I literally said this to a girl the other day.
Kyle Musca: I think Brie said it to me. Yeah.
asha: I literally used that and she laughed.
Kyle Musca: She's like, that's really good. Yeah. Because it's like, you know, what I can see happen quite a lot is, you know, you jump off the call with full intentions to jump on calls without the coaches and you might jump on them. But then there's always something that, you know. It's coming up as to why you can't get started right now. And I don't want you to, you know, get off this and then just drag things out and then nothing ever comes of it, right? So it's like, I guess if everything we've spoken about today is perfectly exactly what you're looking for, I guess, what are you kind of looking for in other coaches that I haven't said today?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: X, Z. Okay, well, if everything is, you know, sort of covered and feels right for you, I guess what's actually stopping you from just taking that next step and getting you started earlier so we can get to your end goal earlier? That was fast on you, whatever.
asha: Yeah. Yeah, love.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Good, how are you? I'm good, thank you. Sorry, I thought I just had some food in my head. Can you see me, okay? Yeah, good. I'm a little bit sick of the moment. I just had a big night last night for a festival. So I'm really enjoying today just work from home. That's okay. The joys of working from home. Exactly. Oh, that's so good. So you've obviously booked a call in to see if we are potentially going to be a good fit to work with each other. Yeah. Now, I know that we moved our call up, which is amazing. But I actually, I just had a client ask me to give her a buzz at six o'clock. So this is done perfectly. So I'm have to see if we can. That's so fine. I've got a lot of everything I want to ask or kind of written down on the back of my head anyway. Yeah. I'm just going to sort it on what I'm curious about and like what I want to know more on. So we probably should get through it pretty quickly. Okay. Amazing. So I'll ask you a couple of questions and then I guess when it comes to like the program layout and everything, I'll get you to ask me the questions there. But this is so I can see if what I offer you and what you're after to be good for each other. So first up, it's pain, isn't it? Pain, yeah. I love your name, by the way. Thank you. It's very unique. It is very unique. Now tell me your age, your weight, and your height. 22, roughly 68, 69, and I'm 172. 172 centimeters. Amazing. Now what would your goal weight be? It's more so a look rather than a weight. I'm probably, I do want to at least go down to, I say it probably, I want to say 62 would be like a nice grab sitting out. But I'm not so much worried about the scales because I know there's so many factors that come into play on. like healthy. Muscle, like, water attention, that kind of thing. So it's more just, like, how I want to feel and look compared to, like, I want to lose this amount of weight off, like, the scale. awesome. So that's kind of going go into the next question I have for you. So I'd like to ask my girls if... So even with something like that, I was just trying to recite what they say back, but something like that. So it's like, yeah, no, I completely understand. And that's exactly what I teach as well. The only reason I ask the sort of weight thing is just so I can sort of form a bit of a mental map of, like, what we actually, like, how far we actually need to go. So, you know what mean? Because otherwise, what will happen there is if you kind of be like, okay, awesome, and then you just move on. Even if you say, like, that's exactly what I wanted to ask the next question, which is, to a less extent, ignoring it, but they can feel ignored, if that makes sense.
asha: Yeah. I feel like I do tend to do that a little bit because I'm trying to keep to the  script. I think I've told you that where I'm like, I don't know how to really use my initiative, but I feel like it's getting better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's usually just like, as a simple way to put it, it's just like, kind of recite. just yeah. Back to them what they've said briefly, so they feel acknowledged and heard, and then continue on with the script. If it's necessary, like sometimes it's not necessary, you don't need to do it every single time, but something like that, you know, because that can kind of get off to the wrong start if you move past it too quickly, because then she'll be like, oh, from the very start, it's like, you know, she hasn't understood me. If you had a 10 out of 10 physique, like your dream body, and you're like, oh, that's exactly like, you know, fat, , tiny waist, toned arms, like I want you to give me a description of what you would look like if you had a chance to create and build your 10 out of 10 body. Yeah, so I definitely want to, I have pretty like, not severe, that's probably not the right word, but like I have pretty prominent hip dips, so I'd love to be able to build that muscle out to kind of create more of that outer glass figure.
asha: Just like every other girl, obviously this little waist, losing like somewhat of like the fat off my stomach, off my arms, I do really want to get Sorry, I had Tommy send me another script, so I've kind of like, it's. They're mixed between yours and his. That's where like the whole 10 out of 10 body. And I also did the whole, what Bree said to me, can you hear me? I've got a call in 45 minutes. I feel like that kind of works better with women. Otherwise, they just  talk and talk.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Setting the standard with the call in 45 minutes is really important.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: On that at the start, the way I like to get into it without seeming rude is like, cool. So thanks for jumping on. Um, you know, I don't want take up too much of your time and why I got a call in 45 minutes. So do you want to just rip right into things? Yep.
asha: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So yeah, basically the gist is cool. Um, we just, I just want to have a bit of a chat to you, see where you're at, you where you want to go and I guess what's actually going to be involved in, in, in getting there. So I guess we'll just start from scratch.
asha: I guess like what, what, what, what, what, what's your current body weight? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so it's just like, just get straight into it.
asha: kind of. It just flows as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, yeah. And a large thing is massive. I really want to slid my lungs down. Um, cause I've just never been able to like get anywhere with them, no matter how much I train, like what I do. And I haven't been consistent enough that I can like see anything as well. So my back and my arms are a massive thing. Um, just really like shaping up my like hip dips and just like getting more. I'll skip past. Never love to talk about the balance and just being mindful. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. But if anything, nutrition and like just getting that right balance, like everything. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Now I guess what I want to know is, well, not what I want to know, what I'd love to understand is what you might be looking to get outside help. So reaching out to me instead of, guess, doing what has previously worked for you, because you said , you know, you had a good old method that you used to do. What's changed now? Why are you now reaching out to get help for it? I think I just, I was seeing results, but not the results I wanted. And it was always like I. So even something like that. If they say something that you can sort of like leverage as concern, something I like to do is just act concerned bodily, like from facial and body language. So if they say something like that, I'm like, okay, you know what I mean? So it's like, that's a problem, but it's like a very slight cue, if that makes sense.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also, it makes you look like you're thinking you're listening deeper and more intently. I some sort of like small difference and I've kind of struggled with like a consistency throughout my entire life of weight. Like I've never been able to keep something consistent, even though I might be doing the same thing. I've just always like jumped up and then jumped back down. Even see, I was about to say, see how you, as soon as your hand came up, you look like you're listening more intently.
asha: Yeah, I think I was.
Kyle Musca: Well, I mean, like you may be listening. So body language and facial expression are the strongest driver of persuasion. So it's 7% what you say is the words you use. 38% how you say it's a tonality, and it's 55% body language and facial expression in terms of persuasion, emotional persuasion. So like just even like leaning forward, looking more intently. Another really good thing to do there is mirror what they do, right? Because if I did my hand like that, your brain would subconsciously pick that up and be like, okay, we're pretty similar. We're on the same wavelength. I mean, so if you did that, would do that.
asha: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If they lean back, you might lean back. If they lean forward, you lean forward. It's very, you do it like.
asha: So those tiny little things are like actually massive when it comes to sales calls, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Because like you do it in a way that they don't even notice. See how you just lean back, I lean back. You probably didn't even pick that up. No.
asha: You know what mean? I just, I don't know if you've noticed, I can't sit still.
Kyle Musca: So I'm just constantly a  fidgeting. Yeah. So that's called mirroring. So your brain will subconsciously be like, oh, we're on the same wavelength because we're in agreeance. And they've done Studies of this, people who are not facing each other, can't see each other, will mirror each other if they're having a good conversation. People who are arguing will not have the same body language at all, even if they're not looking at each other.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it's just like, it's never got me the actual end result that I wanted. I maybe got a little bit, like, I'm not seeing, like, the kind of gains I want to get, or, like, I don't know enough about nutrition to what I know to be fully in my body. And, like, I think just having someone who knows what they're talking about, because there's a lot of information online, there's so much out there. And you see so many good conditions, and you can't try everything, so it just kind of gets overwhelming of, like, well, what do I do? And I was like, you the basics, I've got to be a calorie deficit, you can move your body a certain amount. I understand that, it's just, I think, to get the results I really, really want, I need someone who's going to be able to tell me what to do, and to be able to push me to get, and that knows how to get there in general. Because right now, it's a lot of guessing. Yeah. And it's a lot of trial and error of things on, is this going to work, is this not going to work, kind of thing. So I guess, could you say you're, like, over just constantly being, like, what's going to work today? what am I meant to do? Yeah. So you need someone to obviously educate you, correct? Yeah, 100. I just want someone who has the background of it, that knows what the correct thing is, that knows when something isn't working, and what we can then try instead. Because that is, like, the hardest thing I've found, that when something isn't working, I don't know what to go and do next. Like, I'm like, well, I don't know what to switch up on them, and what to keep doing, and yeah. No, that's certainly a good way. That's definitely something I hear a lot of the time. Now, what my next question would be? Yeah. So, mean, you did it there, to a degree. It was like, hmm, okay. Yeah, yeah, ideally someone that's kind of, you know, been there, that's got that experience, that's, you been through it themselves, and also helped, you know, hundreds of other women do it as well, to sort of, you know, break you through, I guess, some of those plateaus that you might hit when things just aren't moving the way you want them to. Really even have a third eye on your overall nutrition, your overall progression, so you're not constantly second-guessing yourself. And just, I guess, even removing the noise from all the misinformation that is out there would be really handy to you. So, yeah, I just, like, said exactly what she said, and then just add it would be really handy.
asha: Andy, too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And she was like, yeah, yeah, yeah. It could be, what do you feel has shifted from where you are now to being ready to reach out and get help? Like, why now? Why not six months ago, three months ago? I was in, like, I got out of a long-term relationship last year. So June, same time I was doing surgery. I ended up in, a long-term relationship. And I think in that, I was really, as girls can do a lot, you get really caught up in the relationship. I can't relate to, like, my fitness, can't relate to my health, a whole bunch of other things. just, like, wasn't a good relationship in general. And after going through, like, the recovery of surgery and, like, just mentally healing from it, I think I've come to a point now where I'm starting to choose myself more. And I've healed from anything that's kind happened, and I just really want to, like, fall back into myself. Like, rather than, like, six months ago, I probably was in the right headspace to be able to think about doing any of this. Yeah. And, like, actually wanting to probably commit. But now I've got a good point where I'm, like, I just want to, like, be the best version of myself. Get into a really good, like, fitness schedule. Feel good about myself again. Yeah, I love that so much. And besides the obvious of, you know, you want. Especially, yeah, see, I've said it a few times, so I won't keep working out. But especially when she says something like that. which probably did have quite a lot of impact with her, with her surgery, going out of a breakup, know, going through months of recovery, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, whatever she said. That's just when you want to, like, recite just to show a little bit of emotion, like. Yeah, just so they feel heard, you know what mean? So they feel like you've taken it on board.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, yeah, okay. So, like, yeah, obviously I could definitely imagine how going through a surgery and the breakup at the same time was probably a massive, had a massive impact on you. know, completely understandable how that would sort of put you out. But, you you feel like you've sort of recovered. You're in a good spot where, you know, you can finally start prioritizing yourself and become that woman that you know you're capable of being. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, awesome. Okay, that's great. Move on.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Wanting to improve your health and fitness, grow some muscle, lose some weight. And I love what you said there, like you want to fall back into yourself. What do you think are the reasons behind you wanting this change? I think I've been so stagnant with, like, majority of my life in, like, my appearance. I've always been, like, a little bit chubbier. I've always had, like, little bit more on me as well. And. I think I'm just, I'm at a point now where I'm sick of, I almost like would just blame other people for it and never be like, oh. So even that's sick of, which is pain. Like I can't change that. And I'm kind of just at a point where I'm like, that's not the right mentality. Like I'm not getting anywhere with that. Yeah, it's my genetics. It's my genetics. I just hold more fat around my stomach. And I'm kind of, I think I've to a point where I'm just like sick of it. I'm like, I know what I want and I just want to get there. Like I'm so like set in now. just like, I know exactly where want to be and I know I can get there. And this, having someone to also keep me accountable, I think it's a massive thing. So this is huge for what you said, that she says at the end. She wants to get there, like it's a time, urgency, and she wants someone to keep her accountable. So this is where I would keep this in my back pocket because it's also like, well, I know you said you want someone to sort of keep you accountable. I'm just putting my coaching hat on. Again, like is this something that you, I wouldn't say it like this, but is this something you want to like push off for longer and potentially, you know, things come up and you might not even do them. Or do you want someone to keep you accountable? Well, we can get started today and get you towards your goals, you know, as soon.
asha: Yeah. I think what stumped me with her was I haven't had that objection yet with, oh, I'm talking to a couple other coaches. So I was kind of like, okay. Like I didn't know how to handle that objection. I was kind of just like, well, hopefully you  like me better.
Kyle Musca: You know, like I didn't say that, but yeah. Yeah. So you do two things. You try an objection handle, obviously. If not, you just ban famine, which is book a meeting from a meeting. So it's like, when are you speaking to the other coaches? Oh, cool. And then you call them straight up.
asha: call them after.
Kyle Musca: Straight after. Yeah. So you usually sign with the last person that they talk to.
asha: Yeah. True. No, I like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cause that's the other.
asha: Yeah. I might even send the magic hat to this girl as well. Cause I don't know if she actually had one or not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's the other thing as well. You could even bring that up and objection handling is like, like human psychology really, you know, we remember the last thing we, we, we see. Talk to. So I mean, like, realistically, like just being straight up up front, you could probably speak to a couple of good coaches. The reality is you'll probably sign with the last one because it's easy. It's right there. It's convenient. And you've probably forgotten what the other coaches, you know, even offer by that time.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Doing it by yourself. It's so easy to slip up, especially with the kind of person I am. So having someone to be like constantly checking in, that kind of thing, like, this is what we're doing. How's the meal plan going? Or how's the split going? Like, where are we sitting this week? Like, if someone, like, on top of your  to be like, girl, yeah, basically. Now, with what you just said, do you, like, bringing it back? Well, sorry, once it gets to, like,  trivia in my brain, just something. It was so fine. With your current situation, have you felt that it's been having an impact, I guess, on your mental health the past couple months with the way you've been feeling? A hundred. Well, obviously, like, going through, I lost a whole bunch of weight when I, like, I stopped eating. Like, I was really, like, mentally not good. And I felt great at the same time of feeling so horrible. And I felt great that I lost all this weight. And I dropped all these kilos. And everything was feeling, like, better. And I love the way I look more. And that was great. But was so damaging on my mental health of how you've got there. But it was so easy for me just to put it all back on because then I would go back into old habits and that kind of thing. I just, I want to do it the right way. I don't want to do it the cheat way. And like mentally, I want to be like actually happy with how I got there, not like, oh, I look great, but like, what did get here? So you want to obviously do it in a way that we don't set you up for a really negative mindset and relationship again, which is something that I always pride myself on is I'm never going to strip someone's calories back to a point where you're like, oh my God. What you're doing here is good because you're reciting essentially back to what, or offering a solution. I would, so even just tweaking a little word, so I would remove obviously out of your vocabulary and just replace it with it sounds like.
asha: Like, it sounds like this is what you need instead of obviously this is what I do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, obviously you want to do it the right way. Yeah. So it sounds like you've done it before and now you just want to make sure you do it the right way.
asha: Oh, I'll be, yeah. Okay. Yeah. I get what mean by that.
Kyle Musca: Just because it's less assumptive. You know, sometimes you can say, obviously, just as a word that you just throw in normally, but they can take, it's like, obviously, like, how is that obvious type thing? And that's specific circumstances, but just in general.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm overthinking everything. So is your weight at the moment, is this something that you're constantly thinking of? Like, is this a daily thing? Yeah, 100%. It's definitely like, I think because I don't have, I have a fixate on certain things at certain points in my life. And then even with that, would be careful of using is, because it's a yes, no question. Whereas how is an open-ended question? Same concept, like you said, is it something you think about on a daily basis thing? And she'll continue on from that. But just in general, we want to avoid asking closed-ended questions where the only response is yes, no, which is like, is X, Y, Z. Do you X, Y, Z? To a degree.
asha: I'm just trying to find what's in this script.
Kyle Musca: And because I like just to wake up on dating and to wake up all of that, there's a lot of space then to, like, oh, are you thinking about? You're not thinking about, like, the next guy is all you do, or like, it takes you to it on weekend or whatever. And so it creates this open space of, well, then what am I focusing on? And it turns to how do I live in the mirror? Even that dating, she just brought that up. So, like, dating, I guess, . status is probably something that's pretty important to her.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm feeling like, oh, I shouldn't have eaten that thing. I feel horrible about it. So I think that's definitely a massive part of it. I'm just so open now to this extra time and space of thinking about it. much more. And because at the very end of year, I'm moving to Canada. Yeah, for like six months. So at the start of November, roughly. So I just really want get in before I go into a healthy habit and mindset and everything. I want to sort myself out before I go off to the side of the country. Okay. Well, that's a big thing for us to focus on as well. You want to make sure that you're bowing in feeling mentally strong, having a better exercise with food, obviously looking 10 out of 10 through, getting a fat , building a greedy .
asha: I say obviously so much. Wow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I know. It was a word I used to say a lot as well.
asha: I think it's a girl thing as well. Like, we just, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Say that you and I were to do this the right way. But obviously, myself as a coach, and I would be helping you achieve what I just mentioned, the fat , the mental health, everything. But yeah, you do that 10 out of 10 body. Now, tell me, if in six months time, when we've hit that goal of yours, what do you actually want to see change for you in terms of lifestyle, like appearance-wise? Yes. So we're That question. It's more so because we're going to bring up all the dream outcomes and stuff next. That one is more so the solutions to the problem she's had. So it's like, so let's say in six months' time, I'm able to give you sort of the accountability and sort of the structure and everything like that. So you can, you know, step in that woman that you want to be. Like, it doesn't have to be heaps there, right? We're just sort of more so the features rather than anything, right? How would your life actually be different than it is right now? Like, appearance, mental, everything. let's, so I want to think, like, okay, six months' time, we're there. How is, how does that look? Yeah, I, it's a whole, I want to be in, like, lifestyle becomes a second nature kind of thing. It's not like I'm forcing myself to go out and do things on the weekend, like, be active, or I'm not trying to, like, how do you strip myself back? Yeah, it just becomes a second nature kind of thing. Like, I just move into a healthier lifestyle. It's not so much that have to think about everything so much, it's just to overcome. That is like a massive thing. just want to be able to, that's just where I am now. That's just my nature. Like, I know I'm doing this in morning. I'm always doing my, like, my walking and doing my steps. It just, like, it comes part of my routine. And saying that, food and nutrition, like, that, like, healthier and, like, a... Patterns of what girls say. That's really good to, like, remember intently because then you can go use it in marketing.
asha: Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: More like nutritious meals, just like a normal thing, instead of like, I'm trying really hard to eat this, it becomes kind of like normalcy. Like you crave food and good happiness. Yeah, exactly that, basically. Now, when you picture yourself at that six-month mark, have you become, I guess, the best version of yourself that you want to be? So even with that, because you're about to ask, like, a hard-hitting question, what I would do is I would lean forward because it shows, a bit more, I guess, intensity, you know what mean?
asha: Instead of, like, going back, yeah.
Kyle Musca: How do you feel that I'm trying really hard to eat this? It just becomes kind of like normalcy. Like you crave good food and good happiness. Yeah, exactly that, basically. Now, when you picture yourself at that six-month mark. I've had it on highest.
asha: So now it seems to slow down. my God.
Kyle Musca: I'm  sick of it already. the version of yourself that you want to be. With that question, that's probably my most important question in the script, one of them.
asha: Okay. Wait, which one's this? I want to highlight this.
Kyle Musca: So this is the future state.
asha: Am I or should not? Oh, future state. So let's say we should do this right and give you a coach, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like if you would imagine yourself, you know, six months from now, you've lost that, you know, 10, 15 kilos, whatever she said. And, you know, you're in the best physical and mental shape of your life. You've got the fat , you've got the slim waist, you've got the tone midsection, you've got the slimmer arms, and you're feeling so confident in your body. And you're not only proud of the body that you've built, but you're proud that of all the work that you've put in there and the fact that you did it the right way this time. You're feeling more confident in the fact that you've built the habits so you know it's not coming off and you can continue progressing from there. And, you know, in November when you do head off to Canada, you know that you're in the best possible position to look like the absolute baddie that you know you're capable of becoming. All the boys over there are going to be just absolutely frothing at the FitAustralian girlfriend. I don't know how to talk to women, but...
asha: I love that. That's great.
Kyle Musca: You know, it's like when you put yourself in that situation, you know, having become the version of yourself that you want to become, I guess, how does that make you feel?
asha: Yeah. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: You feel. The other thing as well, especially with Australian female-like women, because it's just part of our accent, Australians, but especially Australian women, tend to round up at the end of the sentence. So you see how you said, like, feel?
asha: Do I have to say that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just that it's an Australian accent thing. Um... Get in the habit of rounding down like an American because when you round up, it does come across as a question. It is a question, but it takes away the authority aspect of it.
asha: When you round down, it comes across as authority. Wait, so how would I ask that? What?
Kyle Musca: Instead of like, how do you feel? It's like, how do you feel?
asha: So go like more monotone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
asha: More emotion behind it, yeah?
Kyle Musca: It's just right at the end. Self that you want to be. How do you feel? So it's like, how do you feel?
asha: I would never have picked up on that, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's like, how do you feel?
asha: Yeah. So like concern, like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. You don't know. You know, how do you feel? You know, your eyebrows kind of go up. You're just like, how do you feel? Your eyebrows will come down.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that's also like the, the tonalities you want to use primarily on the sales calls is like a midnight radio show host. So you want to kind of deepen your voice because a deeper voice comes across. Obviously, you don't want to come across as manly, but like a female, deeper voice, comes across as authoritative. You know what mean? If you're too energetic, you're too high-pitched, you're too bubbly, it doesn't have that authority appeal to it.
asha: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Ooh, good question. The most random words to describe it, but just like glowing. I feel like when you feel good about yourself and when you're happy and confident, it just kind of comes out of you. Like you're not trying to like put it out into the universe. You just like, you kind of have a glow about you when you love yourself enough that it like reflects in what you're doing. So anything, it's just like that, kind of like that whole sort of feeling of like, I'm really happy with who I am. And I'm really, I'm happy with the things I do to get myself feel that way. Yeah. Yeah. That's amazing. I love that. And I love the glowing reference. Yeah. So I guess my next concern, well, my main concern is, I obviously speak to a lot of girls that are in very similar situations as you. And I just don't want you. Let's say we get off this call and then you're like, no, I'm not going to go ahead. I don't want get a coach. I'm going to try and do this again. And let's just say it's the first time when you're off to Canada, you've realized, oh, , I never actually implemented anything. And I've gotten you out. What would that feel like for you? So it's kind of a similar situation there, but with the opposite. So the way I asked this, because it can come across as wrong. So it's like, okay, gotcha. And I guess, well, I got to ask, like on the flip side of that, like, what happens if you never go out there and, you know, commit to yourself and never go out there and get the right help. So you can actually learn the right skills that you need. And as time goes on, you, you know, you keep trying to get into like into it with your nutrition and training and everything, but you're never able to, to really push past where you're at, as you said. And the only way you are able to actually see results is by sacrificing things that you don't want to sacrifice. So yeah, maybe you do look physically good, but again, you're in that rut of just not feeling mentally good. Right. And as time goes on, your relationship with food gets worse, your relationship with your, your, your mental health and your body gets worse. And, you know, When you do go over to Canada, you realize instead of being in the best position possible for you, you realize you've wasted six months and you're going across the other side of the world, not really feeling very confident in yourself at all. And overall things just even worse from there. I guess, what would that be like for you?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's just like, you want to, so with these two, I basically imagine it's like, you want to paint the picture so clearly that when you say the words and everything like that, they can imagine it clearly in their head without having to think about anything. And you will see if you do that right, because like their face will light up, they'll start smiling, they'll have that feel good about it.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: A waste of time. I think that's what I tried already to do for like the last, like few months. And again, like I could get to a certain point and I would be consistent and like somehow pushing off track. And because there's no one else holding like me for anything, I would always like let it So she said accountability twice. Nice now. Huge ammunition. Slip a little bit, and then I clock back in, maybe like, three weeks later, what am I doing? Just a little bit too flexible there. Yeah, a little bit too flexible, especially like... Going into the rejection. Looking over your data, we can talk about whatever the  it is. Maybe we need to tighten up your time schedule, time... Have an idea of like what to expect in terms of pricing, and then we'll come to that, like how much accountability, how many check-ins, like what that offers. That definitely is more like what I'm looking for, like a 3K. I probably wouldn't want to go anything higher than that, just because, money to Canada. You wouldn't need it. Like the accountability that you can get from this specific package, I think for everything you're trying to achieve, is like spot on. And then obviously it comes down to... Oh, let's get back to here. ...we're getting a lot of accountability, a lot of support and structure from myself. And then that one there, so we've the premium, which is the $6,000 for six months. If you were to sign through the fitness best year, the six months, that's $3,500. So that's already, you know, I don't even... Yeah, so see how you did $3,500? Sounds like a big, big number. So with the premium package or whatever it is, that comes out to be about $6,000. $6 I don't know if you've said already, but I don't think you'll need that.
asha: Did you say that? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it comes out to be $6,000, but with the Fitness Bestie, but to be honest, I think that's going to be overkill for you. It's a great option, but I just don't think you'll need it. With the Fitness Bestie package, I think this is where we come into the territory of what will suit you really, really well, because it's basically everything we've spoken about today. So if we're looking for that for six months, instead of $6,000, it brings it right down to $3,000. So you're obviously saving a lot off the top there.
asha: Is it $3,000? I thought it was $3,500. Am I reading the wrong thing?
Kyle Musca: It is $3,500, but you said $3,000, so I just assumed that's what you're looking for.
asha: Oh, did I?
Kyle Musca: I think so, yeah.
asha: Wait, what the ?
Kyle Musca: So even if it's $3,500, like how I have it, I say $3,500. Yeah? Because $100 is less than $1,000. Okay. It's the same thing, right? Same price, but it just is perceived less in the brain.
asha: So, wait, let me ring this up.
Kyle Musca: Payment structure.
asha: Yeah, 3.5. Is it not meant to be?
Kyle Musca: I don't even know. Math's two and a half. I'm so pavs. How does that sound for you? Yeah, I'm so pavs. So we've a premium, which is the $6,000 for six months. If you were to sign through the fitness best year, the six month, that's $3,500. Oh, you did say $3,500. Yeah, I just misheard it. Yeah, so, yeah, even in that case.
asha: Is $3,500 good or you don't want to end with?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what I have with. You just said $3,500.
asha: $3,500. I'm sorry. I know this sounds dumb, but anything to do with numbers, I'll  it up. But I will try and keep that in mind. $3,500 because at least, yes, it's not the $1,000 at the end.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like whenever you're trying to sell whatever you're trying to sell, just bring it down to its smallest sounding word. You know what I mean? So $3,500, $3,500, whatever. Yeah. How does that sound for you? Without a question I like to say there is like, not how does that sound for you? Because again, it's a yes, no, but it's like, okay. I guess with all that being said, like, which option kind of jumped out to you there? A, B question.
asha: Yeah. Kyle, I do have two minutes before I have another call. I've got a client call. Are you happy with how I'm going with these sales calls though? I feel like from when I started to now, it's not much better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. I didn't really pick anything up that was too off there at all. Just like the minor tweaks and everything like that, but nothing, you know, horrendous.
asha: So more so do you think it's like, it's something I'm trying to work on. I feel like I'm getting better every week. I feel like it's taking so  long, but with what they say to me, what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to write little. Notes to remember. But I think all I need to do is kind of just try and remember what they're saying in that moment to relay back how I can kind of help them in that moment.
Kyle Musca: I just write one word, whatever they say. So if they say they struggle with accountability and stuff, I'll just write accountability.
asha: Yeah, that's what I write around. Accountability, like if they, because girls will say 20 different things. So I'm like, okay, let's list the four things that I can kind of tie it back to.
Kyle Musca: Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. So I just, yeah. And then what you're doing there is just basically accumulating ammunition for the end of the call when they come to the objection.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And also just even writing, it helps you remember it a little bit more.
asha: Yeah. Maybe I need to do that because typing, I'm not taking a lot of it in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, you can, and just like write accountability, something simple. It doesn't have to be anything crazy.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. think, I mean, that wasn't terrible. It could be the lead quality, to be fair, as well. Depending on, you know, if they're financially qualified and stuff, depending on. Their job and everything. But I think definitely keep the low-ticket downsell top of mind because most girls should be able to afford that.
asha: A hundred percent. And like I said, I'm annoyed because I've had girls say they could definitely afford it. And then there's me being like, where's my upfront payment, which is so  annoying. But I will work on that this coming week.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Oh, all right. I know you're going to run. So I'll let you go. There you go.
asha: Downsells Truth Without the Upfront.
Kyle Musca: Can you hear me? It was in and out.
asha: I can hear you now. Oh, anyway, saying the same  thing. I feel like I've said five times today. But I do need to go and jump on a call with a client. My income for this week was great. Did you see that? Not great, but.
Kyle Musca: Income?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, I haven't seen that one yet. But yeah, the only other thing I highly recommend doing is just being really. On top of that setting process and reaching out to girls, whether they book the call or not, just to conversate with them. And if you want to look at getting a setter in, like try it yourself, see how well you can keep on top of it for the workday.
asha: If you want to get a setter in, just let me know. We can plug one of my in. I'm going to try for another week and actually just morning, night, morning, night. It's not hard. I'm on my phone all the  time. Like sometimes I'm like, Asha, do you want money or not? Like, do you want more clients? Um, so I think I even said it to Clemé, I was like, I want to see if I can do it for a couple of weeks. So we'll see how I go. And if I keep missing people and calls aren't being logged in, then yeah, I might just hire them just to make my life that much easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Awesome. And we'll chat about it.
asha: Thanks, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Have a good night. See you.
asha: Bye. Bye.


>>> 171/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-17T03:45:09Z | id:138823049
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Getting back into it. This meeting is being recorded. Fun. Cool. All right. Well, we'll dive into things. How has this week been overall?
Imogen Harris: Oh, there you go. It's been a lot. It's been a bit chaotic, to be honest with you. I think right now it's just obviously kind of transitioning into now doing calls as well as looms, which is all, like, it's fine. But trying to, like, obviously get those in and then looms and then programs and setting up new clients and then obviously taking, taking the calls, it's just been, it's been a bit of a week. But, like, it's just trying to get used to the chaos, which is not a bad thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. How many, how many calls, I'm trying to log in job form right now.
Imogen Harris: How many calls have you booked? it ended up being, I think, 15 or 16 calls booked. I think I took, with the one that had this morning, 10 calls I've taken. And then I think I've had, like, six of those convert into clients. Okay, nice. Yeah, so it's been good. Yeah, so I've got, I think, yeah, so five have started this week slash I've got a couple more like set up suited today for them. And then one starting on Tuesday next week. But otherwise, yeah, it's been a lot more productive this week.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. Okay. How much did you do your SEO dashboard?
Imogen Harris: No, I literally did my check-in for like half an hour ago. I've not had a chance to do much, to honest. It's more, yeah, I think, which I was kind of obviously like reflecting a little bit with this week and kind of obviously clients and stuff coming on. And I had a brief conversation to obviously like the coach that is currently under me. And I just said to her like full transparency, like I do want to give you more clients, but it's kind of at the crossroads where I can't have you kind of promoting yourself. Yeah. I can't, like, basically, your literally sole purpose would just be taking on clients. Like, it would be completely restructured in terms of, obviously, how you'd get paid and how that would look, obviously, because of how Carlin did and how I'm operating now. And I just said to her, like, full transparency, like, if that's not something that you feel like you are going to be adaptive to, then I need to bring on another coach. But I needed to see where, obviously, her head was at. And she's like, if I'm fully honest, like, I don't want to be on socials anymore. I don't want to do face-to-face PT. Like, I just want to coach. And I don't want to do any sales falls because, obviously, I've been doing them anyway when she's had clients come on. But she was just like, to be honest, everything that you kind of just said that I don't, like, I wouldn't be doing, I don't want to do. So she's like, if, like, I get paid less, if it's restructured, like, I really don't care. Like, I just want to get clients and that's it. And I was like, okay. So I just said, like, I'll talk to you today and obviously kind of see what you thought the best way to go about it was and kind of where your head would be of how to restructure that. Um, but I just, yeah, cause I said to her, like, if you're not open to kind of basically shutting down your social side and just being a coach, like I'm, I'm not giving you clients basically. So not like it was a bro, but it was just straightforward. Cause I was like, I need to make a decision regardless. So she's either on board and she'll take on what I want to do or I'm not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. don't want to  around with that. Like just set the standard. Um, okay. Yeah. Cause that was what I was about to say. Like you're, um, a good problem to have is you're being overloaded with, work right now, trying to wear too many hats in the business. it's like, again, we just need to delegate, um, which is a very good thing because it means you can then just focus all your attention on, uh, sales marketing, um, and then just coach the clients that you want to coach. And we can bring out larger packages and stuff like that for it, we can talk about that. So yeah, primary thing this session is going to be talking about like restructuring and coach or potentially getting a new coach, getting a new coach, isn't that hard to do. can just set up and add, you probably know someone, um, maybe in your circle or network. Yeah. So post on your story. Maybe someone will reach out there if we don't go down the path of this current coach. If worse comes to worse, we can run an ad for it.
Imogen Harris: And that tends to work really, really well.
Kyle Musca: Now, okay. So remind me, what are you currently paying this coach?
Imogen Harris: So she takes a cut. So like her weekly rate is like $65 a week. It's like  all. And she gets out of that, I think it's like $22 a client.
Kyle Musca: So whatever that percentage is. So she gets  all.
Imogen Harris: Like, honestly, like it's not much. So obviously we could scale it larger and then she would be getting basically the same amount.
Kyle Musca: But I would just obviously be bringing in a lot more on my end. Yeah. So if that's the case, then that's actually not too bad because that's roughly around where we want it now. So I would start, mean, she's already, is she a good coach?
Imogen Harris: Are you happy with the coaching ability? See, like she's, she takes on anything that I give her. And like, to be honest, sometimes I can be pretty straightforward. And she's, she's, yeah, she's honestly really good. So I would like. I'd to obviously try and make that work if I can.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Who, what's her name?
Imogen Harris: Jessie Lee. So Instagram's fit with Jessie Lee or something like that. So yeah, because she originated, like she started coaching me like five years ago and that's kind of how I brought her on initially. But then everything with Carlin, it just, it created so much , like I was just over it before I'd even begun. But I told her as well, like the non-negotiable would be like, because she's still doing socials with Carlin. I said, that's done. Like, you don't need socials, cancel it. And she's like, that's fine. Yeah. So she's done that today.
Kyle Musca: She's already done that today. And she's semi-Asian?
Imogen Harris: No.
Kyle Musca: Is that not the one I'm looking at? Let just show my screen off. Not this girl?
Imogen Harris: Nah. Nah.
Kyle Musca: I was going to say it.
Imogen Harris: No. Hold on.
Kyle Musca: Let me just go to your thing.
Imogen Harris: Let me, oh yeah, that also could work. I can kind of retire myself. Yeah. doesn't say So, to This is good, too K-L-C-J-E-S-S-E, there we go.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, perfect.
Imogen Harris: So much less. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, fantastic. So she's not going to be able to grow out her own self, which is great. So if she's already getting paid like roughly $22 per client, that's fine.
Imogen Harris: That's exactly what we want. How long have you had her around for? It's been about five, six, five months, maybe.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. So usually what I say is start them at $17.50 and $22.50 for low and core package. And then the goal of that is to increase their rates to, you know, $27 and like maybe $30 or $32. Maybe even like I pay my coaches $35 per goal client.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Mike is very experienced at being with me for ages. So I would just start yours on like, because it's a, is she getting a cut of the total price at the moment?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just be like, all right, what we're going to do is we're going to restructure to per client. You're going to get paid per client. And obviously what happens is they have a job to make sure that the client is checking in and everything like that, but it's off per client.
Imogen Harris: It's not off per check-in or whatever, right?
Kyle Musca: So they've got the security, I guess, in that sentence, but they've also got the consequence if a client drops off.
Imogen Harris: So they need to focus on preserving and keeping clients on for as long as possible because it's performance-based. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the way I do it is I do contractors. Is she an employee or a contractor?
Imogen Harris: No, a subcontractor.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, because it's just a lot easier being a subcontractor. Like if you don't want them, you can  them off.
Imogen Harris: You don't have to pay your tax and all their super and  like that. was a subcontractor once. So obviously I saw the pros and cons and that taught me that I would never actually get an employee under my business.
Kyle Musca: Nah,  that. Perfect. I mean, like, to be honest, everything from what you've told me so far just sounds like she's already set up. It would just be a simple of... You're not getting a cut of percentage payment. You're just getting a flat rate of X, Y, Z and X, Y, Z.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. Yeah. And like, to be honest, it's going to be relatively the same. And I said to her at end of the day, it's like, I don't grow your clientele and you get paid what you're getting paid now, or you're going to get paid more, but like you're not having to do this extra . So she's going to end up being in a better position with more clients anyway.
Kyle Musca: Well, the way I sort of like say this to them is like, realistically, you know, conservatively, you should be able to do definitely at least three check-ins an hour, realistically four. So even if we're going off three check-ins an hour, you know, $20, let's say on average an hour, that's still $60 an hour, right? And the goal is to actually increase this with time based off your level of performance and everything like that and quality of service, of course. So they've got that incentive. But like, if we get that up to, you know, potentially $30 an hour, that then, sorry, $30 per client, that then becomes a minimum of $90 per hour, realistically, probably more so $120 an hour.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. So how do you kind of structure, where do you feel is like the kind of point where they increase, like you increase the price per client? Is it depending on the package?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if they're a silver package, they go like, you know, lower ticket package. So she's been with you for a while. So you might even want to skip the first stage. I mean, depending on, depending on what you want to do. So if it's a new coach I bring on, I do it at $17.50 an hour. Sorry, $17.50 for a silver package, low ticket, and $22.50 for the core offer. Okay. And then every time it increases, it's just about like $2.50. So $17.50 would go to $20.00, $22.00 would go to $25.00. Depending, completely up to you what you want to do. Like, to be honest, she's at $22.00 roughly now. So you might want to just keep that for your core package and then be like, silver, you're doing $17.00. But, you know, as I funnel you more clients and I can see you're handling the workload well, and I get good feedback from the clients, the goal is to increase this with time. Like, we... we... I want to, I want to have the opportunity for you to grow, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then realistically, from the coaching perspective, it's like such, it's not piss easy work, but yeah, they don't have to focus on the marketing. They don't have to focus on the sales. don't have to focus on the failed payments or the cancellations or  any of that stuff, right? So it's like, even my coaches full-time, you know, depending on how much they want to work, but like 80 clients is like 20 or 30 hours a week.
Imogen Harris: You what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like you're just coaching.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And at that point, you're getting paid over two grand. Like I'm paying my coach, Pat, my head coach, Pat, over three grand a week, and he's probably working maybe 30 hours a week.
Imogen Harris: Exactly. Yeah. And like, that's for her. Even she, when I brought up the conversation, it's like, I was actually going to come and talk to you about this today. Cause she, she was like, I, I'm actually so resentful to posting, to doing face-to-face. I do not want to do it anymore. I like, cool, perfect.
Kyle Musca: This is a good thing.
Imogen Harris: Cause if that's the case, it's like, you don't like, you basically don't promote anything. Other than obviously my business.
Kyle Musca: this. And that's it. she's like, that's all I want to do. And I was like, cool.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: To be honest, that's exactly who you want. You want someone who's done, like, you know, she's a good coach. You're happy with her because she's obviously already coaching for you, but she's, you know, tried it herself. She's realized it's a lot harder than, you know, just  posting some . So she's not going to be very ambitious to go do it anytime soon. And especially as you can grow her, grow her into it. Like she can work from anywhere. She can do whatever she wants, like as long as it gets done on time, obviously. And they get a  mad good pay for the work that they put in. So it's like, they're not incentivized to essentially leave and try to do something else because they know how hard it is. And they'd have to walk away because the moment they promote themselves, it's like, you just find another coach from a place.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. And that was like the issue that I had with Janie. I was like, she was a  coach, but like, because she had the following, like people just wanted to get obviously coached by it. Whereas Jessie Lee, she's like, I know I can't do this on my own. And I know that I'm not growing right now. Just take your lead. And I was like, yeah, like she's yeah. She honestly, it's been, she's so easy to talk to with that stuff, which obviously just makes it tenfold easier as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So she sounds like the perfect coach and the way it's structured is just slight restructuring, but otherwise it's fine. And then I've got the contract for that. So let me grab that. Obviously just run this through AI and tell her to change a tool.
Imogen Harris: That's so exciting. But yeah, I think I'm at the point now where it's like, if I can just focus on obviously the clients that I've got and then build her up, it's just going to mean that I can kind of manage things a little bit. And at least there's still money flow coming in, but that's also going to mean I can kind of focus on getting better at the sales calls as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Literally all your job should be is marketing, pumping out content, pumping out, which you already do well, but, you know, constantly doing ads, constantly doing sales. Like 80% of your time should be focused on building the business and 20% actually in it and stuff. But the cool thing about that is because like, well, it depends on what you want to do as well.
Imogen Harris: Like, do you want to continue coaching or? Well, yeah, I think I still love obviously doing like the comp prep stuff as well, but I'm just like, I don't think I could take on more. I've got 70 now and like that, we're trying to do everything else. And it's just like one week of this and I'm like, already . So it's, I definitely just at the point now where I don't think I can take on anymore if I want the business to grow. It's just going to be so much put into everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the good thing about that is you absolutely can, because that's where the high ticket package comes into play. Like if you're confident with the sales process, which you've obviously done really well on sales process this week, then it's like, you just bring in a high ticket option. You know what mean? With the five grand one, you wouldn't say it like that, but whatever you call it, with the emerald package, you're going to be working 100% with me. We're going to be comp prepping. If they're comp prepping, obviously that's a  great reason to do it there. You're going to be working 100% with me. It's going to be extremely detailed, yada, yada, yada. And then you just basically... So here's If we say like, okay, well, what I can do is, and then you sell the two coaching system. It's like, okay, well, if price is the only thing that's sort of stopping you, what I can do is we can go to the gold package. Now, you'll still be working with me. I just bring on my head coach, Jesse, and it just helps take a little bit of the workload off me so I can free up whatever you  program, right? But you just sell us the two coaching system.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, cool. Yeah, because even when she first started, that's kind of how we, or how I advertised it with Kyle, and it was kind of just like two for the price. I one, but like, you just say it very casually. It only requires one sentence, and people don't really know. Yeah, well, I listened to Bree's one as well when she was obviously talking. She sent me a few of her discovery calls, which was super helpful. But even just like how casually she just dropped her coach's name, it was like just in conversation. So, yeah, it's not that difficult.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no one really ever bats an eye at it, to be honest. And then, yeah, I think because what we still have in the pipeline is to do a challenge just because challenges work really  well when they're done right. I like to just like launch broad stuff first just to, you know, get low-hanging fruit, see how everything goes. And then like once that creeps up, we can look at a challenge. Before we move on, do you have any other questions about the whole coaching thing?
Imogen Harris: No, no, that's good. I'll rejig that contract and everything this afternoon and then I'll give her a call and kind of just explain everything. And then like, I know she's going to be fine with it. So then I can just moving forward into calls. will just, if I'm kind of doing like, for example, for three months, it's 2,500 for the gold package or whatever it is for myself. I just, would I kind of, how would I decrease pricing to kind of match what she would be doing?
Kyle Musca: Or would I just leave it at that same pricing for now? Is that not a ticket package for you?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. So obviously at the moment for three months for gold for me is 2,500 and then silver for three months is.
Kyle Musca: $1,500, would she still be those same prices now moving forward? And then I would just be higher than that? Yeah.
Imogen Harris: So, I mean, technically, if you've been selling this, keep going. I realized like after a couple of weeks, you know, I was like, that was meant to be for six months, but I've been selling it for three.
Kyle Musca: So, oh, well. Yeah. I mean, if you've been selling it, fantastic. Yeah. Cause I do $1,500 for, so for three months, I recommend always selling six, by the way.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Easy, easy way to increase your profit margins, but we'll do both. So, for three months, for me, the lowest ticket is $1,500, core offer is $2,000, and then the high ticket one is $3,000.
Imogen Harris: And that's for six months?
Kyle Musca: That's for, no, no, no, for that's three months. So, the six-month option, yeah, the six-month option, the lowest ticket is $2,500, the core offer is $3,500, then the high ticket offer is $5,000.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, that's how you basically do it?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, no, that's easy. Yeah, cool. So, I'll probably, yeah, I'll just say the high ticket one then. Myself, and then just leave the other two packages for her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you can play around with it. doesn't have to be exactly that. Like, for example, you might want to do like 5,200 just because you can say 100.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. So it sounds a little, that's the only thing I find with like, when you just say like 2,000 or something, that sounds more daunting than if you add like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If it's a flat number, you just say like 2K.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You can always try to make the smallest number.
Imogen Harris: But yeah, no, that's cool. Yeah. So yeah, I'll just do myself for the high ticket, then moving forward. And then the other two options.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. It depends though. Like for right now, if you're going to onboard her or she's already onboarded, but like if you're going to start funneling more clients to her, I would probably just keep what you're doing at the moment because you don't necessarily want to take on any more clients yourself.
Imogen Harris: If anything, you want some clients to drop off. And just say they go to her regardless, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: With, a degree. Like obviously if you would take on, if you're open to take on another client, if they pay for it. You know what I mean? So it's like, you can definitely offer it, but at the same time, it's not a big loss if they choose to go to the other one, because you can't want her to fill up anyway.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Twin win. Yeah. Cool. Yes.
Kyle Musca: And if anything, it just serves to work as another anchor, you know, just adding another level of solutions to go through.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. No, that sounds good. Perfect. Sounds like a plan.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. So coming into this, so nine calls taken so far when you fill this out, have you got more to go?
Imogen Harris: I've got one at three today. I've got one so far tomorrow, and then I've got another one Sunday so far, I think.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So show up, right?
Imogen Harris: It's pretty decent. Yeah. There's, yeah, there's been a couple, like, I had a call the other day and she was attempting to get on the call and she was in  Hamilton Island or something. So there's been that, and then there was a couple that, like, Mondays ended up last minute cancelling and the set of, like, rebutted a little bit and she was like, Yeah. And a, Nah, it's just ultimately my decision. Like, don't want to. like, yeah, cool. That's fine. Happy days. And then, yeah, a couple, like two people yesterday rescheduled for like today and tomorrow. So there's been a couple of rescheduling and stuff like that, but the ones that have booked in the call, if they haven't rescheduled, they've shown up. So yeah, it's been fine.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Imogen Harris: So some good sales, good mix of cash collected and recurrent, which is good. Yeah. Yeah. wasn't too, at that time, like I'm not too phased if it is obviously some are large and some are small, because at least it drip feeds lower cash coming in as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. As long as it's obviously not too low, but none of them are really too low.
Imogen Harris: I'm just, I'm trying to make sure that if it's a silver package situation, it's like minimum 125 a week. If it's nutrition, only a hundred a week. And then if it's like gold, then it's like 200 a week or something like that. So I'm just trying to make sure there's at least set prices for if they break it down to weekly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I wouldn't do weekly on anything over $150, even though that's pretty high.
Imogen Harris: And if it's $150, I would do monthly. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Simply because, yeah, $200 a week, if they don't have the disposable cash to actually, like, lay some sort of decent deposit down, very, very unlikely they'll be able to do $200 a week.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you just deal with  annoying people. They cancel, like, two weeks in or whatever.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Didn't go ahead thinking it was face-to-face PT. So, a good little rebuttal there is, like, yeah, no, I completely understand that. And I guess the reason I actually moved away from face-to-face PT is because I just found, like, a lot of the clients, you know, they're coming in and getting a 45 session. A lot of them just kind of wanted to chat and everything like that. And then, you know, they kind of go away and they've got nothing to really work with. Yeah, you know, this is something I see with a lot of, like, sort of PTs, right, is you just go in and they don't have anything to go and actually work with for the rest of the week, which is essentially, like, 99% of the other hours, right? Compared to one. Obviously, I've probably reworded a little bit better than that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. It kind of puts that out of their head that that's going to benefit them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the reason I moved into sort of online is because I can cover every single aspect for you. So instead of one training session a week, I can cover all of them for you. Every single set, exercise, rep, and I can see and track all your data, all your meal plans, all your calories, everything like that, I can map out for you. So you have all the structure you need in order to have a really successful weight loss journey. And I can understand sort of the, you know, being cautious about that. I guess if online was, you know, I guess in a way superior, why do you feel like, you know, over 500 other women have decided to, you know, come on board the team or whatever you call it and actually join the coaching? You kind of use like, why so many other people. People have decided to do it if it was a poor product. know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Essentially, you kind of want to just get them to the point where they understand, you know, going and fighting an in-person PT is essentially, like, unless you're a serious athlete or something like that, is essentially just going in there so someone holds your hand for 45 minutes and chat  to you. And if you need that to keep yourself accountable, you need someone there looking over your shoulder, then I guarantee you it's your mindset and the needs fixing. Because what are you going to do when it's 8 p.m. at night and they're not there looking over your shoulder and you're looking in the pantry?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, like, even, like, I've even said it to a few of my clients. Like, yeah, I do PT with my coach, but I still pay him $300 a week to coach me online. Like, it's not like I just do that.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. I mean, like, the reality is, like, unless you're, like, you know, someone like yourself doing bodybuilding or you're an extreme athlete, you need, you know, a coach to take, like, very, very, very minor tweaks to your performance. And it's just like it is done needed.
Imogen Harris: Like if you're a newbie gains, you're going to get results regardless.
Kyle Musca: Like it's not that big of a, yeah. And if their issue is form, it's like, yeah, no, that's a good point. What we can do is you just film your sets and you just send it through and we can actually break it down, draw on.
Imogen Harris: It's actually a lot more in depth than in person. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Because I think a couple in conversations that I was looking at with this set is there was a bit of like, are you face-to-face or are you? So I might even just talk to the setter and we'll reword a couple of those responses as well, just to nip that in the bud before they get on the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I do is any kind of objection that someone has, or if they don't know how to answer a certain question, tell them to like, obviously send it through to you. You write the reply yourself and then they will save it in the sheet as an objection. Yeah. So it's like when they get that again, they know how to do it. Okay. So things are moving really well. Your ad spends, your cost per leads and stuff are looking fantastic. So yeah, I think it's definitely worth starting to funnel more clients to that other coach. vantageik. Yeah. You're transition. Yeah. So we covered that. Okay, fantastic. Now, something that I think we should do for you in the meantime. So essentially how I like to look at it is like once we get things up and running and things are working for us, we always want to be like one step ahead. last thing you want to do is sort of, you know, things dry up because they can dry up within like a week or something like that. And then you're just left on the back foot. You've got nothing left to sort of utilize. What I reckon we do right now, and I think this will work really, really well for you, is we create like a fat loss masterclass or something. Like it doesn't have to be fat loss, but I'm doing this for Brie currently at the moment. So it's essentially a lead magnet. It pulls in a ridiculous amount of leads at a really good cost, cost per lead. And essentially what it does, so because I've been playing around with lead magnets for quite a while now to sort of get them right.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One thing I've really come to realize is the lead magnet has to be value-driven and informational, but not practical, right? So essentially like, so for a good example, I tried this with Cal, he was getting a good. Cost per lead, but they weren't converting into clients or anything like that. they weren't keen to jump on a call or anything like that because we're giving away a five-day workout split. So it's like, you're not creating enough of a gap of why they need a coach. If anything, you're closing it because they put their hands up. Lead magnets work well because people put their hands up. You know, if we make a, so Breeze is a fat loss masterclass for women in their 30s. I think it's just women in their 30s, but for example, but it's like maybe working full-time, whatever. So anyone that downloads that, we know that there are women in their 30s working full-time who's interested in fat loss, right? So it's like, we just want hand raises, essentially. Now, when, so roughly 3% of your market are going to be in a buying mindset, which is what the direct response ads are trying to target, they're trying to find. Whereas 17% of people are going to be in the information gathering stage. You know what I mean? They, they, they know they want to lose weight. They're trying to do it themselves. They're trying to figure the information out. They're trying to see if they can do it themselves. So what the, the, a master. Masterclass does is it essentially closes that gap. It gives them the information to close that gap. Right. And then it opens up the gap of, okay, I need a coach to help me do this.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Right. We're creating a need. Um, this is why video content works really, really well. the 30 minute fat loss Masterclass, because we're, if you give something, something like physical people, I'm  reading anymore. They're not going to open it. They're going to look at it. Um, and it's just not very valuable to them, especially when they know that Chachi, GPT probably wrote it. Right. Um, so it's like when you, if they sit there and watch, know, 20 to 30 minutes of you breaking down a specific concept, right. They're going to be very bored into you and very bored into the idea. So that way, when the DM setters get in there and actually chat them and, you know, talk them into the idea of coaching, they're to be very open to it because of that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You've also given them something of value, actual value. Right. So it's going to trigger what's known as the rule of reciprocity. So, uh, humans in general, especially Western. And I, as humans, we've gathered a culture that if I give something to you as a gift, you therefore feel obligated to give something of value back to me.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So they work fantastically.
Imogen Harris: Okay.
Kyle Musca: The good thing about that, we don't need to film videos or anything like that. We just do some simple graphics because it's not, we're not making that big of an ask.
Imogen Harris: We're just saying, hey, here's this free thing, right? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now. Now, in terms of like filming the masterclass, is it kind of like a Zoom and then you're kind of having like a slideshow in the background kind of situation or? Yeah, just the simple loom. So, for example, this is my one that I created this week. All right. How many in their 30s and 40s working 40, 50 hours per week are dropping 10 kilos in 12 weeks or less? Without crash diets or destroying their body, destroying their body, giving up their social life. Now, at no point do I talk about a calorie deficit in this. Yeah. I mean, I tell my story, right, how I got into this position, social proof, again, social proof always super, super important. Then basically the three, so the way we want to do these masterclasses, because these are sales conversion masterclasses, not just educational ones, we want to basically break three beliefs. One's an internal, one's an external, and one's an environmental, I think, of the top, I don't have to look at the framework again. But like an internal one, for example, is I just need more willpower. No, you need a structured program.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right?
Imogen Harris: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. External is, you know, , what's a good example of an external one for fitness and weight loss? External is I don't have enough time.
Imogen Harris: Right?
Kyle Musca: No. It's not that you don't have enough time. Yes, structure helps with that as well.
Imogen Harris: But you need someone to help actually keep you accountable. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: External, right? So we just break beliefs. So the three ones I do in this is what we're covering today. Why things aren't as easy in your 20s and how to approach it differently. Why consistency beats perfection every single time and how to build a plan without relying on motivation. Most important one, why understanding your why isn't optional and what the data actually shows. Yadda, yadda, yadda. Testosterone has dropped in men. It's fixable. This is proof that it's fixable. Where's the topics I actually covered for this part? So breaking beliefs here. Information isn't a problem, right? Because you get like a lot of people like the information's out there. It's like, you know, YouTube has existed since 2005 and in a world of AI, there's never been access to more information. If that was the piece of the puzzle, then, you know, great It's just a good 42% of Americans wouldn't be overweight and 43% of adults globally wouldn't be overweight, right? So it's like information is not the problem. There's an actual slide here where I cover. Where is the  thing? Yeah, the three pillars. So structure, accountability, and a system that creates consistency, which opens up the gap for needing coaching, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, okay. I think I definitely probably need to do something around. And I feel like a lot of the conversations that if it's not been me, it's been the setters is like the all or nothing mentality around nutrition with food and like just vulnerable attachments with food. think that's been a lot of the conversation I've had with women lately. It's about that.
Kyle Musca: So I feel like that probably would be the best way to go about it. Yeah. Yeah. Like, yeah, you're going to know your audience the best. So it's like, you just need to, all you're, we're trying to do essentially is break beliefs and shift their mindset.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because that's all it really is. Like if they, essentially, if we break all the beliefs and all their objections, then the only logical solution therefore is coaching to solve their problem.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah. All right. Cool. I'll start making that this weekend though. I'll try and figure out like a, a grabbing topic, I guess, for the masterclass around like nutrition. And all or nothing mentality . Um, and I'll start that this weekend so we can get that rolling.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So there's two ways you can go about this. I'm actually currently training a video, uh, sorry, a copywriter to do this.
Imogen Harris: He's doing really, really well.
Kyle Musca: Not there efficiency wise yet, but I'd rather train him properly. Um, so to, the other thing you can do is just create a project in this creative, um,  tabs.
Imogen Harris: I going to say you've I to say you've got a bit going on.
Kyle Musca: So there's that one and then how to build presentation. Okay. So these are three ones you'll need for this specific task. So what you want to do there is come into Claude, ideally use Claude.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Way better at this, specifically this type of stuff. And then, so what I would do step by step, right, is one, turn on deep research. Right. So you might have to, do you use Claude?
Imogen Harris: I wouldn't use it much, if I'm honest with you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you come in and create a project. So you upload the documents in here.
Imogen Harris: Right.
Kyle Musca: Then what I would do is deep research it. So first of all, actually, no. First step is ask it to write you a prompt. So. I want you to write me a prompt. I'm looking at doing a 30-minute masterclass, which I'll attach the supporting documents for all the framework and everything like that. But this specific task, I want you, the topic is going to be on whatever your audience wants. And keep in mind, make sure it's your audience. You know what mean? So Breeze is obviously GenPop fat loss, right? You can definitely do the same. But for Kyle, for example, it's dudes that have already been training that want to take it to the next level.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I think like fixed relationship with food is like the common theme.
Kyle Musca: So I think it'll be something around that. Yeah. So we want a specific goal. So it's like lose 8 to 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks while fixing your relationship with food and building habits to make sure it never comes better, whatever.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's what you do. Step one is write the prompt. I want to understand everything there is to know about how women in their 20... I avoid marketing to women or people in their 20s because you're usually  poor. So you might want to do women in their 30s. I want to know everything there is to know about how women in their 30s can lose 10 kilos, 6 to 8 kilos over the next 12 weeks while repairing their relationship with food and building habits to make sure it lasts a lifetime. Now, yes, I want to have a very deep and comprehensive understanding on all the theoretical things that go into weight loss, such as, you know, nutrition, calorie deficits. Deficits, training, energy recovery, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But I also want to include all the things that go into habits and mindset of this specific avatar. And then you might even want to add your client avatar and everything like that. Essentially, write the prompt to try and be as in-depth as possible so that it can write you a really in-depth, masked prompt to use. And I would include, make sure this is as thorough as possible. I do not want you to skip any spot on anything. If it's relevant, make sure you research it. Then it will spit you out a really, really nice, or it should anyway, really nice in-depth master prompt. All you need to do is copy and paste that back in, turn on research, and then research it, right? That will give you, I like to call them mega guides, right? So even here, how to build a presentation mega guide. That will give you a really, so this is a 30-page document of everything that goes into building, you know, presentations at a really high level, right? If you, even if you, if you like some coaches or, you know, people out there that have really good ideas and coaching philosophies that you sort of stick to, then you can even add them to do, like, add, include in the research, you know what Yeah, yeah. Then once you've got that, so this is the, I guess, the theoretical  that you're going to put into your presentation. Yeah. Right? What I would also do is add your tonality guide into it. So you see my tonality guide. Anytime we're doing any kind of creative writing or anything like that, and my speech guide, add that into here, into the project file, so it can write it based off your actual tone.
Imogen Harris: I didn't even know you could add files to that. So that's cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this whole project is just specifically built for presentations. It's very, very useful. And then once you've got the mega guide, all you need to do is come into that master prompt that I sent you.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. Copy that into this. And then, yes, into the chat, keep it in the same chat so it can scroll up and see the deep research you've done, but you will copy into it anyway. But you basically copy from this, right? Now, if you add that document that you, the mega guide that you do, you won't really need to ask all this because it will have all the information. you. you. Thank you. It needs to actually build it. You know what mean? It might ask you some questions, whatever. Then, so yeah, all you need to do is copy all that stuff in. And then pretty much from there, yeah, you should just have to press enter and it will build the entire thing for you. And then obviously you need to like, you know, make sure it go proofread and make sure it's, you know, happy with everything. And then what I would do from there is I've got a graphic designer that can build it out for you. So essentially they just build that, that four years between, uh, two to $3 per slot.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: USD.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. That's fine. That's definitely a time that I do not want to be spending in Canva.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. No,  up. Um, and then, yeah, you'll see at the end, um, I have CTAs on it. So, um, yeah, book a call. Basically, if you're going to do a CTA, which you probably. Well, should. Be real casual about it. So what I said was like, look, you know, with this, you know, you've watched all the way at the end. So it means you're pretty serious about actually making a change. So in light of that, what I'm going to give you the opportunity to do is book a call, a coaching call with one of our coaches or with my program director or whatever. Well, they'll sit down and map it all out for you. Now, yes, obviously, I run a coaching company and everything like that. I understand that a lot of you getting on this call probably aren't looking to take that next step. However, for, you know, the small percentage of you that, you know, do want to sort of take the things, take it to the next level, we can always discuss what that actually looks like.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So it's casual. I mean, people aren't stupid.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Perfect.
Kyle Musca: And then that should be good. So yeah, if you just sort of casually work on this over the next week or so. Yeah. And then in terms of the ads, very, very simple, similar to the graphic style. Any questions on that, by the way?
Imogen Harris: Nah, nah. So, yeah, I've never really used Claude before. So I'll kind of get familiar with that this afternoon and go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. One thing I find, especially with, like, presentations and stuff, is it's very, very helpful if you find a presentation you really like the look and the layout of, and then you just screenshot that and put it into it so it knows, like, kind of how to actually, like, build it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah, you can see, this is actually  up because the data wasn't pulling leads properly, but if you see from, like, I think it's been fixed over the last couple of days. Yeah, cost per lead, $8, might even be skewed from there, $10. So that's cost per qualified lead as well.
Imogen Harris: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So that's working full-time, and then she was getting a fair few Indians, so we even added an Indian.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, think you said she was getting that a while ago. Hey, so random.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's fine with that.
Imogen Harris: Luckily, I've had a couple of multiculturals, but nothing crazy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just, yeah, once it can get hooked on them once, it can   everything up. But, yeah, so you'll see, this is just what the ad was. Very simple graphic. Look, I'm looking for 25 girls, 25 to 35, who want to lose 8 to 10 kilos in the next 90 days. I've created a free masterclass that'll teach you how, what's included inside, why you keep losing the same 3 kilos and gaining your back, sustainable approach that doesn't require you to be miserable, how to lose 8 to 10 kilos without surviving on salad or sadness, and the exact foundations my clients use to keep it off for good. DM me 90.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Very, very simple.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, cool. Yeah, I'll play with the PowerPoint situation, and then I'll try and make some ads up. I get things rolling with that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then what I do as well, because sometimes Loom and Canva, the web version of Loom and Canva don't get along very well. So what I do is I download it as a PDF and then I get the desktop app for Loom.
Imogen Harris: So it records the entire screen. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's perfect.
Kyle Musca: And then you just click through it. It's pretty easy for them.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, no, perfect. Cool. No, that sounds like a plan.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Beautiful. Cool. All right. Well, I feel like we've covered a fair bit there.
Imogen Harris: Any questions on any of that? No, no, that's good. I think, yeah, I'll get Jesse Lee sorted. I'll talk to her this afternoon and then I'll spend, after I've set up clients this afternoon, I'll start with that prompt to get that free masterclass happening.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And just let me know if you have any issues with it. But what I can even do is I'll send you this recording just so you can look back on it if you have any questions. Oh, if you have any questions, ask me, but yeah.
Imogen Harris: Halfway through in and I'm like, what the  did you say?
Kyle Musca: Nah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, they are. The Fathom's definitely been a lot easier for me to refer back for people for check-ins now moving forward. So it's been a good additive as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Awesome. All right. Well, yeah, other than that, yeah, we're doing once. Just keep pumping.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, no, cool. I'll keep you posted with calls and stuff over the next few days, but happy days. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. All right. Well, enjoy the rest of the day. Enjoy your weekend, and I will chat to you soon. Awesome. See ya. Bye. See ya. Bye.


>>> 172/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-17T04:55:31Z | id:138826007
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How you going?
Michael Cui: Yeah, good, bro. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. How's your week?
Michael Cui: Yeah, it's pretty good, actually, this week. Things are pretty good overall. Probably one of my better weeks. But yeah, no, it's pretty good, actually.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, man. All right. We'll rip right in. Is there anything specific you want to cover in the session?
Michael Cui: Um, not that I haven't included on the form. I think, yeah, I like, I think I wrote everything down on that, like, check-in form.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so things definitely seem to be improving gradually. So how... Oh, you sold two clients this week, which is fantastic. How do you go? Is one of those two clients the one from Saturdays?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. So there's two clients there, then a client, and they're checking before, which is great. So two sign-ons. One was semi-referral. She's seen my videos and my content. Her friend is coached by me. didn't get referred. And the second was a regular referral. So yeah. Okay. Sick, man. Where are these referrals coming from? Like that one specifically, is that just off the back end of the ask?
Michael Cui: Yeah. Well, like for him, I asked, and then he was like, I've asked him obviously, yeah, quite a few times now. And he was just like, oh, no, like none of my mates are really into the gym. And then he kind of messaged me a few days later. he's like, one of my mates is keen or interested in your coaching. And then I had a chat with him like that day. And then he signed on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful, beautiful. Banged out some more reactions that went short reactions, which is beautiful. Closed 12 post total. Two were in trials. Didn't like that one turned out. The other was a pill. Use the screen. Didn't you? Yeah, cool. Did decent. Okay. How many, when you sit down to sort of film your reaction videos, how many do sort of do it?
Michael Cui: Um, normally I try to get them like all done if I have them all in like my camera or ready to go. Um, but I'd say like this past week, every time I sat down, was probably like between one and three at a time.
Kyle Musca: Okay. How long does it take you to do it?
Michael Cui: Not like, not incredibly long. Like the actual, like me speaking part is not incredibly long. The longer part is probably me finding the video and then like the editing. Afterwards, they probably take longer, but when I actually sit down and I, like, say what I want to say, like, that doesn't take very long at all.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What I would do, get into the Habdov, is, one, trying to save reels as you go. So, like, you can just go to your saved on your Instagram account and just sort of bang it. Like, if you've got six saved, you can just bang them out, right? Yeah. I think you already do that, don't you?
Michael Cui: Yeah, like, I used to save them all, but now I just send them all to myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I find savings probably a better way to go, just because, I mean, probably pretty similar to the send, to be honest. It'll send the feedback back to Instagram and totally show it to you more, but it's just all in one sort of easy thing. Both probably work just as  easy, to be honest, as long as it works. The other thing is I wouldn't edit them on the day, so just focus on filming them. I literally just edit mine before I post it every single day. It takes me like two seconds.
Michael Cui: Right, okay.
Kyle Musca: But like get into the, like if you're filming, be in the groove of filming, you know, record it once it's done onto the next, you know, and don't slow yourself down by like sitting down and editing and opening up room for, you know, procrastination and other things happening and  like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So to give a good example of like what we should be kind of aiming for, like I usually set aside about two hours to do it. In those two hours, I can film between like nine to 12.
Michael Cui: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so let's just sit down, record it. The first ones are a bit slower because I have to get into it. But like once you get into the groove of it, especially like I get caffeinated when I do it as well, so everything's  pumping. Once you get into it, it's just like by the end, they take me like less than 10 minutes to  do.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right, so I would, yeah, definitely recommend you that doing that because it would be a lot easier to keep on top of.
Michael Cui: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Also missed the voiceover. It's the same thing with the voiceovers. Again, try to bank these into certain times. You know what mean? Like, if you've got them sporadically through the week, you can, you know, things can get busy, especially with content and everything like that. Just give yourself a set time where you sit down and you just have to, again, don't edit it or anything. Just do the voiceover. Do three voiceovers in a row and then come back and edit it at a different time.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Or even, like, edit them after in that same block as, like, after you've recorded all three, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah, I just, like, I just, I feel like voiceovers and the carousel is a little bit now. feel like I'm getting stuck with just, like, repeating the same  that I've done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but, I mean, sometimes the audience needs to be reminded more than anything. You know what I mean? So, as long as it's not the exact. Because you could argue like a lot of my content is pretty similar. But, you know, it's a different sort of topic, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, like, yeah, audience. Again, you're going to get a lot sicker of your  before other people get a lot sicker of your .
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right, dude, this saved me so much time. When you say adjusting your algorithms, I was showing you videos.
Michael Cui: What do you mean by that? Just, like, so that when I, like, when I come across the videos, like, doing, like, the interested thing, and then just, like, not, like, in my free time on this account, so it doesn't, like,  me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I would create two separate.
Michael Cui: Do you have a separate account? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because, like, I did it, like, when I was messaging you early in the week, it was, like, pretty sorted. And then one night, I was just, like, scrolling on that account and just, like, absolutely destroyed me the next day, and I was, like, for 's sake.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, I just keep my fitness account all fitness. Yeah, did more CTAs and asks this week, which is fantastic. You seem to get a better reaction out of that as well. How many direct CTAs did you do?
Michael Cui: Like, what is considered like a direct?
Kyle Musca: Like, if you're interested in coaching play here, for example, like it's not a lead magnet or, you know, hand raise.
Michael Cui: I think I did one and then I did like one, like that was a bit more direct. I did one that was similar to the, one of the girls' ones that we went through the other week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I saw that one.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's still a direct one. Like, as long as, if you ask to say apply for coaching at the end in any way, then that's still a direct one.
Michael Cui: Oh, then yeah, two directs. did one stick. And then, like, from the questions that I did as well, like, anyone who asked a question, I messaged them off the back of their question as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Michael Cui: But, yeah. So, yeah, like, three, four, three.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Nice. Do you feel like you got, how did the messages off the back end of the questions go?
Michael Cui: Yeah, it was all right. So I haven't gotten a response from, like, three people. But, um, one of the girls, she just, she asked me some question about, like, toning your stomach and then, yeah, like, gave her, like, response and then just kind of asked her, like, um, if she's following any sort of training plan or anything at the moment, um, for her goals. And she just basically said, like, yeah, I appreciate your help. Like, that makes so much sense. Um, yes, at the moment I am. I've following a laid out plan and whatnot. I just saw your story and thought I'd ask the question anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So have you replied back to that? No, not yet. Yeah. So one, I'd be like, yeah, let's keep the door open. Like, yeah, by all means, if there's any questions or anything I can help with, definitely let me know. You know what I mean? So keeping the door open as if you're just like there to sort of help. Yeah. But I guess it's awesome to hear you're following sort of a structured plan. That makes such a huge difference how long you'd be sort of doing that for. So just engaging conversation.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Because we're trying to, in situations like that, we're trying to find out what's not working for them.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So how long have you been trying that for? three months. Okay. And, you know, what have the results been of it?
Michael Cui: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: How have you found the results or something like that? If they give Give you an ounce of, like, displeasure.
Michael Cui: It's like, okay, cool, we've got it in. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Still just a lead flow overall. The views, submissions in my check-in form seem to be a bit of an issue. So as views and submissions in my check-in form, that seemed to be an issue. I'll suss this week. have a full week of doing more cats and I was LCTS. So what do you mean by, like, views and submissions in your check-in form?
Michael Cui: Like, just low volume? Yeah, like, sorry, not check-in form, the, like, application form.
Kyle Musca: Right. So just low volume there.
Michael Cui: Yeah, because I can, I think I can see, like, I can see how many visits in the last, like, seven days on that link. Visits, submissions, and then, like, visit duration are, like, the things that I can see on my end. So last seven days, nine visits, one submission. I like, like, like, can see, see, see, every Average, like, duration is, like, six seconds. And the one guy that submitted is some, like, dude from India that, like, stopped responding after I sent him one message.
Kyle Musca: If it's six seconds, then I assume what's happening is people are just sort of coming onto your profile and clicking the link to see where it takes you, not realizing that. I mean, you just apply for coaching, but they probably think it's like a link tree link or something like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it'll take them, yeah, six seconds for the page to load and then see. Main health and fitness goal. It's not, like, terrible because it's still above 10%, like, click-through rate, even though it was a  lead. How often do you check your emails? Sorry, your messages.
Michael Cui: Like, what do you mean? Like, check the submissions on the thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Check, like, if someone wants to message you on Instagram.
Michael Cui: I'd probably check it straight away.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so you get notified for it?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: What you could try is you could try to change it to, you know, DME, even DME blank for one-to-one coaching. And just direct them to a message just to see if, you know, you get more people that are maybe interested in it. Because, like, what can happen is, like, someone's sort of on the fence and may be tempted to do it, but then they say they have to get contact information out, and they're like, oh,  that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It depends on the audience. Like, I found sometimes directing them to an application form works better, and I find for some audiences, DMs can work better.
Michael Cui: Right.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah, so maybe even play around with that. You don't have many chat set up, do you?
Michael Cui: No.
Kyle Musca: I wonder if you can get a free plan. See ya. Yes, mean, ManyChat's free plan gives you up to 25 active contacts per month.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I reckon it's 25 conversations per month. So do you have 25 new people messaging over a month, do reckon?
Michael Cui: Probably not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, you could probably get it. You could definitely get away with ManyChat's free plan then, I reckon, for now.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, I reckon try that. We'll change that and see.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have you played around with ManyChat before?
Michael Cui: No, but I have a suss of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what we can do here is once you sign in, just team members, and then invite team member and ask you to generate a link and just send me that link and I'll be able to join. And I'll be able to add this into your ManyChat flow. So it's like when they send a message, right? It will default to message contains. So anytime you add a new trigger word, you just have to change it to messages. So message contains is like if someone messaged me and says, yeah, I'm a tradie, it will trigger this automation, which is annoying. Message is, is like the word just has to be tradie only.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yada, yada, yada, what's your main goal? Definitely doable. Some social proof. What's your main struggle? Cool. What's your working status? Cool. And then you take a conversation from there.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That should be pretty easy. What I can do, should be able to do it, is just copy this straight into your account. Then you can just come in and reword it. You'll probably have to add. You know, male, female, for example, at the start.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, obviously, no point in shot on male transmission if a female message is through saying she wants to lose weight.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that?
Michael Cui: No, not at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I reckon keep doing the CTAs. Even, you know, I find a useful thing with, like, what I've been doing is just filming your actual workouts, right? , there you go. Filming your workouts, and then you can throw a CTA in at the end of it.
Michael Cui: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it's like anyone that watches that is probably going to be pretty keen on working out.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'll get out of this. I'll get out of Cool. So these are the longer style ones?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This one could use, man. So did these ones. This is the same as Lina 017. I already noticed it.
Michael Cui: Ah, I think so.
Kyle Musca: Huh?
Michael Cui: I think so. Maybe.
Kyle Musca: Closing your chest gap because you can't actually close your chest gap. It is purely genetic and there is not a single inner chest exercise on this planet that's going to change that. Your chest fibres run horizontally like this, meaning the fibres on the inner part of your They're actually just the same fibers as the ones on your outer chest. So all you can really do is... So the only thing I heard is I would have like pointed my finger across the fiber.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like it's there, but like anyone that doesn't know what they're looking at might be a retarded. Grow your chest as a whole. This would actually be a great choice if we simply split the dumbbells apart and did a neutral grip, kind of like this. Less tricep involvement, more range of motion. Thank me later. Last one. Oh, locking out the knees. Alright, sit down and listen up, class is in session. There's nothing inherently bad about locking out your knees. The only reason you're... And if you're concerned about injury, just don't explode into the lockout. Otherwise, honestly, don't do it. You know, like, no one's forcing you to, but I'm, I'm going to do it. But if I'm nobody, so I do it, so. Replying to the comments isn't a bad one either.
Michael Cui: I haven't done that in while, but it's good to be able to get certain topic points and topics for. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I already know this might land me in some , but why are we demonizing low-calorie diets? The that statements like this fail to consider is that everyone's built different. If we've got someone who's... So another one I like to use in that situation is, like, along the lines of, like, one of the biggest myths in the fitness industry is that low-calorie diets are... Inherently bad.
Michael Cui: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I usually follow it up with, like, the people that usually say that, the people that usually say that are trying to sell you, are usually grifters, are usually some grifter trying to low-calories diet. So who's a grifter that grifts off that ? But some grifter that's trying to say that you need 3,500 calories just to fuel your body, all right, or some  like that.
Michael Cui: I'll probably do it better. I'm not in a very creative mood right now.
Kyle Musca: They either don't know any better or it's just some grifter trying to take your money, right? Some  like that. It's significantly smaller in stature and they're just not as active during the day. Are we really going to tell them that by eating 1,500 calories, they're losing weight? I mean, come on. I ate 1,500 calories at one point in my last deficit. And I kind of ended up looking like this. didn't cry. Yeah. So it's like, yeah. You know, if you're a 100 kilo male, yeah, sure. 1,500 calories is probably a bit low. But if you're a, you know, 40 kilo female or 45 kilo female, 1,500 calories is probably a moderate deficit at best.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's my metabolism. I felt pretty good. Just kind of hungry, which is completely normal. I already know this might land me in some , but why are we demonizing low calorie diet? The thing that statements like this fail to consider is that everyone's built different. If we've got someone who's significantly smaller in stature and they're just not as active during the day, are we really going to tell them that by eating 1,500 calories, they're losing weight on? I mean, come on. I ate 1,500 calories at one point in my last deficit. And I kind of ended up looking like this. I didn't crash my metabolism. I felt pretty good. just kind of hung you, which is completely normal. Yeah, solid, Did this show up on your reels? Oh, I just missed it. Since I was a king, we haven't been chipped. If I was a lie, we cut out my ex- I think this is great advice. Honestly, if you want to speed run your way to having an eating disorder, this has got to be a joke, right? There's absolutely no way this is real. Since I was a king, haven't been chipped. So, I think the other thing as well is you need to find videos that have a little bit more juice behind them. Like, that was probably the best out of them, like in terms of the front video. But see how even the front videos aren't very polarizing, if that makes sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas, like If see my  real stuff now, they're all like, the ones I haven't posted are all very , very polarizing indeed. But something, you know, something like this, the video itself was very  polarizing.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Something like that, you know, you want something that people already talk on a lot, you know what mean? Because they're going to have a lot of opinions on.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Whereas kind of what you're, in a way, doing is more so similar to that, you know what mean? Like, I talk about how you should take more photos and stuff because you'll, you know, want to document your journey and everything like that. But it's not a huge talking point itself. Like, as you can see, not a lot of people actually comment on this, right? two of, three of those comments were from, because I tagged  Melbourne and, you know. You know what mean? Whereas if we come on this, man, it's got 332 comments.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like you want something that people have an opinion on.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Even something like that, 80 comments. All these transformations ones, I really like doing transformation ones as well. Just because people like you supporting other ones. What I did in here is, I don't know if you saw this one. I think it was this one. But this is a great, I literally made this specifically for, because I told you to make it, I've told you to make it before.
Michael Cui: So I was like, I'll just make, I'll make one CC.
Kyle Musca: I feel like a lot of guys don't actually realize how much progress they can make in such a relatively short period of time. They just cut the  and actually did the work. For example, this is my boy, Calum. know what mean? So it's like big, bold statement slash hook, and then straight into using. 12 weeks is all. You know I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, it didn't get as many views and, well, it didn't get crazy engagement or anything. Like that or views, but, you know, that's almost a thousand people that have just liked and engaged with a video where I've basically just done social proof. You know what mean? If you're pumping them out all the time, you'd be  laughing.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How's your community going in terms of people sharing and stuff?
Michael Cui: Yeah, the group is definitely more active now because I just message in it more as well, just about like random  during the day too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Have you brought out anything like a Friday flex type thing or?
Michael Cui: Not really. I don't know. Like, with the people that I have there, not really people that would do that, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you'd be surprised, man, because I thought the exact same thing about mine. Yeah, we got  Dan in here who's posting stuff, Drew, isn't it? The thing with these guys as well is, like, Clint, for example, he has a whole  Instagram documenting his story. He's like a middle-aged dude. The thing is, you have to play on people's, like, status in the group as well. So, for example, Drew was never really active in the group chat before, and then I spoke to him and stuff on a call, and I basically said, like, you know, I'd love to have you... I was trying to extend him and everything like that. And I was like, yeah, I only give this affiliate rate to guys that are really good role models for the other guys in the group chat and everything like that. So I played on his ego of being a role model. And now you can see he's posting a lot more.
Michael Cui: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But you could simply do this by doing a Friday flex thing. You know what mean? And just make it a habit where everyone drops their best gym photo for the week.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which, by the way, if they've made really good progress or something, is a  fantastic way to get good transformation social proof photos. Because it's like, yes, side-by-sides can look good. But it's like, if you have a  front photo of when they were fat and overweight compared to them looking absolutely shredded after a pump in some sickening downlighting, it's like, well, that's obviously going to add a lot more contrast. You know what mean? It's going to make it even crazier. This is Craig. He's a 38-year-old dude that works fly-and-fly-out. He has no clue about social media. And this guy  posts everything. Now, because I've just gotten him into the habit. So it's something that builds over time, and you just have to really encourage it. know, happy Flex Friday, lads. Like, I haven't even brought this out as an actual thing.
Michael Cui: People just do it on their own. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, again, it sounds like you're getting the ball rolling, but you have to encourage them to do it. And every single time someone signs up, I make sure to tell them in the onboarding call, or for you in your case, maybe in the sales call, or onboarding call, wherever, just as long as it's very early on, go introduce yourself into the group chat. You know, just, you know, where you're from, some goals, simple stuff like that, just to break the ice and get used to conversating in there. Because if you get new guys, people specifically, used to conversating in there, then that, over time, will accumulate as well, because that will be the standard.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, for example, like this. And the other thing as well is when you do that, you'll get other people like, welcome, bro. Welcome. I mean, especially that's not even like that good. Usually they're like, you've made the best decision of your life.
Michael Cui: Like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that's so powerful for someone that's new.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then you'll get some people as well that will just be like  like Dan hasn't even been actually part of the team for  months. But I just keep him in here because he's so  active in the group chat.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So you'll get people that kind of moderate it automatically for you. just have to encourage it to get up and running. The other thing I find massively helps with this is when you talk to them, like individual people, just be like, man, you know, go post this in a group chat. You'd be surprised at how many people it will inspire seeing, you know, the results you've had.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Female, obviously. And it does, man. Like, it really does. Like, there's a lot of people that don't talk in this chat, but they just passively read it and they get a lot of motivation from that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: What I would do, man, is I would probably look at running an internal challenge for it.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: To get it really pumping. Because I ran a, for my external 12-week challenge, I just wrapped up. also ran an internal challenge where basically they just had to post me and market me and tag my  and everything like that. And then Craig, who I was talking about, man, like, if you go on to his story, like, it's just similar to what I kind of showed you before with the workouts, but he films that every  day and tags me in every single one. And he, like, reshares my ads and everything. Like, the guy is just a  walking billboard for me. Yeah. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, again, you just have to encourage the behavior as time goes on. And, again, show genuine appreciation when somebody does something, like reward.
Michael Cui: Reward their behavior when they do something right.
Kyle Musca: I mean, any questions on that?
Michael Cui: No, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And if you see someone share and tag you, obviously reshare it in your story, but share it to the group chat and like, you know, again, reward that kind of behavior. People love getting a bit of a shout out. People love feeling, you know, significant is the right word.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, yeah, for sure. Cool, bro. Are you still doing the presentations and stuff?
Michael Cui: Yeah, I wanted to pump out another one, probably today or tomorrow, and chuck that one up on my story as well.
Kyle Musca: How have they been going for you?
Michael Cui: Yeah, I'm just going to get, they've been doing all right. haven't done one like recent, but I'm going to get Claude to make the slides. Like this time I uploaded the thing in it. one that. I one that. I I haven't haven't haven't like haven't done I haven't I'm to get it to make it. So I'm just going to do what you said last time about how you just like talk to it and you just press the  microphone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Michael Cui: I'll probably do that. Like similar to how I did the last one because I know I told you that when I was like answering the questions and the prompts, it was like kind of like not working as well or like not giving me like kind of what I wanted. And so I forget you told me to just like basically tell it what to do, just like talk to it. And so I just did that last time and it came out pretty good. So I reckon I'll do that again. Um, only difference is I just won't copy and paste it into  Canva. I'll just get Claude to create the slideshows automatically.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So what I'll do is I'll send you, I'll send you these, man. Cause like I've recently, the other week went and made sure all the documents were nice and fresh.
Michael Cui: So these are the most important ones that you will need. Ah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Presentation Builder, Master Prom. Yeah. I think those ones. There. And then include, yeah, you just make sure to add your tonality documents and stuff.
Michael Cui: Have you done a tonality document? I haven't.
Kyle Musca: I probably haven't. Yeah. So, yeah, what I would do is I'll just go tell it to deep research, deep research. Anything like this, anytime you're going to do deep research, I would always write a prompt to tell, like telling it to write you a really in-depth prompt for the task. Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Uh-huh.
Kyle Musca: All right. So it's like, um, I want you to, I think I actually have a tonality prompt. me grab it. Yeah. There you go. This will save you time. So with that. Yeah, so with our deep analysis of coach communication, right, two primary inputs, a completed client avatar detailing exact person coach serves, completed toned questionnaire. Okay, so for those two things, you need these coached. Yeah, okay, so you make copies of those and just fill those out, and then you basically just plug those into that master prompt and then press deep research.
Michael Cui: Wait, what was that? Sorry.
Kyle Musca: So you basically fill these, you probably already have a client avatar one, hey?
Michael Cui: I think so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you won't need to redo that if that's the case. For the DM set of tone, you'll just obviously come fill out, make a copy, and then come fill out all this stuff of your, for the target audience, you can literally just copy what you already have into that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then obviously just fill out each dot point. All right, so anything like this, all right? Yeah, so you would just pick which one you want.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right, so then obviously delete the ones you don't want. Oh, this is the DM set of guide. Was that that one? Oh, no, that's the wrong one. Yeah, this is the one you want. Same concept, you just go. Fill it out and delete all the  you don't want. Yeah. With stuff like this as well, like each thing is a question. So it's not like this whole thing is just one question. List things that they've tried, diets and programs they've tried. So it's like keto diet and seven-day training squats or some . You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that stuff, Nah.
Michael Cui: So when I, once I've like filled that out, then what did you say?
Kyle Musca: Like where did you say to put it? Uh, once you've filled these two documents out, there's the client avatar and the coach tonality. Then you grab this master prompt. You just copy from here all the way down. All right. Copy the bottom. And you chuck that into board. I'm not going to always sit in and copy it. And then you just do the same copy all of. This, copy all of that, and then all you need to do is make sure it's on deep research, and then just press enter, and it'll go away and research and put together a big tonality document for you.
Michael Cui: Okay, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And then once you've got that tonality document, you just add it into the project folder.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then from there, what topic are you going to do for this presentation?
Michael Cui: Um, I was thinking of probably doing, like, how to choose, like, your  training split.
Kyle Musca: Are you going to build a course out for this?
Michael Cui: What do you mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, are you going to continue doing ongoing ones?
Michael Cui: Probably.
Kyle Musca: What I would do, man. How? Yeah. Cause it's probably only going be like a 10, 15 minute max one, right? On each topic. So what I would do in that specific case is research. So, so for example, when I did mine, I researched the most commonly asked questions that people, uh, you know, my client avatar asks around, you know, training specifically. And then I got it to build, and then it gave me 10 different questions, right? Cause I asked for 10, like the 10 most common questions. From there, I then went and did deep research on everything to do with training. And I was like, obviously I prompted to give me a master prompt. And I was like, I want you to be extremely in depth here. want to understand everything there is to know about hypertrophy training, um, strength training, you know, building muscle mass specifically to do with these topics. And then obviously adding in everything else that you need to add into it.
Michael Cui: Right.
Kyle Musca: Um, because then it will build you a massive mega guide. That will simply allow you just to power through those course materials very, very quickly.
Michael Cui: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So again, you build the course material first, the topics you want to cover, tell it to go deep research all of those specific topics as well as anything else that's relevant to it. If it's that, it should put you at a pretty big document. Like if it's not like 40 plus pages long, then again, in the prompt that you tell it, like, make sure that you do not skip anything. Like do not cut corners, make sure this is as in-depth as possible.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. And then obviously actually, yeah, write the master prompt with that instruction in there.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense.
Michael Cui: Cool, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So then, is there anything else from this check-in that we haven't covered?
Michael Cui: I think. One of the other things was like the last like maybe like two, two, two, three weeks, I've had like some people leave for quote-unquote like financial and like budgeting and like cost reasons. Like not sure if there's anything I can do to like work around that or have like maybe a downsell for them because I remember like a bit ago back when I was like working with Sage and I like still had my staff on the side as well. I remember I used to do like if someone wanted to leave, I'd essentially try to sell like resell them on like another month or two and be like, if you want to do this, bro, like we'll just chuck in the third month after that for free. That way we can kind of like finish off like X, Y, Z.
Kyle Musca: How much are you charging a week at the moment?
Michael Cui: I do $4.50 a month.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's solid. Yeah, because that's over, what's that, $112.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would probably do is like, one, you can try and downsell them if they're out of their program, but like, man, you're an awesome part of the team. I'd really hate to see you leave, especially if it's just purely financial. Look, what I can do is I've got an affiliate rate that I only give to people that I actually really enjoy coaching and everything like that. It'd bring it from, you know, if you want to jump on that, it'd bring it from 112 or 450 a month right down to just 360 or 80 bucks a week.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, I'll try and coach them back into it and everything before you just go to the throat with price. Because sometimes they might be cancelling just because they've fallen off and they're just not being very accountable for themselves and everything like that. So, try and, you know, passively coach them back in, see if you can get them back on track. And then if it is purely a financial thing, then you can come in with that.
Michael Cui: Okay.
Kyle Musca: It also depends... depends on whether or not they're in their contract length or not, right? So if they're not in their contract length, sorry, if they are in their contract length, it's a bit of a different story. Are you doing yours as upfront pricing or are you doing it just monthly?
Michael Cui: Just monthly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this is where it works really well because like 450, 900, what's that, 13, 1250, 1350. Yeah, yeah, 1350, I think, 12 weeks. Let's just run with that anyway. So we can be like, yeah, so 12 weeks, man, it comes out to be like 1350. They go, oh, that's pretty expensive, whatever, I don't have that money right now. And then you get to them the 450 a month. But what you can do by saying it is like, oh, look, man, I work with a billing company, kind of works like Afterpay. And that would just help us break it down into a month. They've just $4.50 if that's going to be easier on cash flow for you. One, it helps them work towards a solution. So it helps from a biopsychology standpoint. But two, you're bringing in the idea of a billing company from the start. So that way, if they try and cancel before their contract ends, it's like, oh, you know, it's a little bit tricky, trickier than just canceling because we brought on that billing company, man. What I can do is it's like a bit of a headache. What I can do is I can reach out for an early cancellation if you really want. Again, try and coach them in there. But if they're really set on canceling, it's like I can reach out for an early cancellation and see what they come back with. Then you wait about a day and you get back to them. Like, yeah, so I had a chat to a man. They basically looked at where we're at in the program, all the work and the expenses that have gone into it, et cetera, et cetera. I always make sure I'm two months in advance so you're not left without a program. Originally, they wanted $857 to cancel, whatever number you want to put on it. But I managed to get them right down to $387 for you. And with that, of course, you'll keep. The remaining two months of programming I've already built. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So at least that way you get something out of them if they're really set on cancelling. If you do that well, because again, what you want to remain there is like the billing company is the bad guy.
Michael Cui: You're just there to try and help out in any way you can. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if you do that well, people will like, people will thank you for doing it.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, it does. I've done it before. I think you've said like a similar thing to me before and I've done that exactly and it worked pretty well. But like these guys that are wanting to stop now, like they're all out of their contracts, like all of them. Like they've been out of it for quite some time now. Like I had one guy, he was like, I'm paying like  like $400 each time just to fill up my car. I'm like basically working for free at this point, like every time I turn up to work. um, and he was like, I'm going to have to put this on port. For now, someone else, pretty similar story. Yes, they actually just texted me as well, said similar thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the whole, the fuel thing's a bit of a  pain in the  because it's like it's, the fuel prices shouldn't have actually increased. That's just Australia's government doing a   job as usual. But more than anything, it's just put a lot of fear into the marketplace, which is part of running a business. It's like an environmental thing that you just can't have control over. You've just got to be real head conscious of that and be real focused on speaking to the people in the team and getting them very, very focused and motivated to continue pushing forward and just delivering a really high level of service and everything.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like if times are like that, you've just got to really double down on like making it known that you're needed, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, but that's...
Kyle Musca: You know, if they've been with you for ages and stuff and they're set on cancelling, it's like they've fulfilled their lifetime value. There's definitely things we can try and do, coach them back into it, but if they're set, then they're set.
Michael Cui: You know what mean? You can't do too much. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Besides, obviously, offer that affiliate rate, but like, you know what mean? Men, you know, fuel's increased by like, how much has fuel increased?
Michael Cui: Honestly, it's like, not by that much. Like, for, like, normal fuel, maybe like, like, 40 cents a liter, diesel those up, like, to like, over $3.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, mean, like, realistically, it's ...
Michael Cui: Yeah, it's not actually that...
Kyle Musca: It's not a crazy amount.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You mean it? So, it's just like, look, man, what I can... Even there, like, look what I can do, man. Help you out. Instead of, you know, you spend that extra... Because you've got an extra $30 that you spend on fuel a week, right? Make it known it's not that much. You know... Fuel has increased about 30 bucks, man, you know, per full tank. I'm, again, trying to frame it in some  way that you can, you know, fuel hasn't increased that much without saying it. Look, what I can do, man, is I'll shave off, I'll take that here for you. I'll shave off $30 of the weekly rate for you. That way, but you're essentially covering the same amount.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You could try doing that. Again, if they're set on cancelling, they're set on cancelling.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The fuel one's annoying. It's more for you than anything.
Michael Cui: Yeah, I think, like, yeah, it's, like, I don't think it's, like, that. pay, like, maybe an extra, like, 10 bucks, like, per full tank or 20 bucks per full tank.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's annoying, but, yeah, it's not that big of a deal. People just , it's just fear. You know, when the media puts fear into the market, people freak out and  get real conservative.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Anything else you want to run over, Matt?
Michael Cui: Nah, bros. Honestly, just that. Just, yeah, like essentially what I could do about people wanting to leave based off of like those reasons and then everything else we kind of already covered.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sick, man. Cool, bro. Yeah, the only other thing is, as I kind of said last week is, yeah, when we move into adding new pieces of content on, like make sure to not sacrifice other things that have been working at the same time, you know what mean? So I think getting really good at time management and like time blocking to get certain pieces of content done efficiently is going to be a game changer for you. So I would focus this week on not editing or anything, just getting the filming done and then you can edit it later.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. All right, man. I will let you back, man. Enjoy the rest of your day and week. And if you have any questions, just reach out.
Michael Cui: Yeah, easy as. Thank you. Cheers, man. See ya. Bye.


>>> 173/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-17T05:59:01Z | id:138833231
People: Kyle Musca

Torin McGlynn: But it was good. I'm ready to step things up again because I kind of took a little bit of a hiatus, started working, instead of working like 12 hours a day, kind of started working normal hours, like 40 hours a week instead of like, you know, 100 hours a week. But it was still really good. Still had some really good months, to be honest, like consistent 50Ks, but can't break 50K for some reason. 60K, that was good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay, cool. Yeah. So, I mean, like you're at the point where we left off from anyway, where you can, you definitely have the potential, like, not even the potential, you have the positioning to start delegating and working, you know, less hours, essentially. What do you feel like has been the biggest reason stopping you from getting past that 50, 50-odd K?
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Okay. I think league quality, to be honest. I think a lot of this, I also think my reach has gone considerably. down. It's like 10 million instead of 40 million per month. And I don't know, lot of it seems like a lot more of the people that opt into the lead magnets and everything are just actually there for recipes and they're not there for coaching. And there's just like heaps of just like time wasted of like from the setters and stuff. And I think that's a massive bottleneck we're having. And I do actually think it's just because the setters, they're just lacking right now, to be honest, like reading through messages and they try to say things. So I think like, from what I said for you on the text, like if you do have better setters like now, or like setters that we can, you know, put in there, that'd be better. Definitely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Are you still using Clemet? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I've, um, I spent some quite a lot of time, like a lot of has evolved really since we last worked together. So I've spent quite a lot of time, um, you know, doing a lot of different things. One of them is, um, evolving the setting process, learning how to source, to source, and how Like quality setters for myself, just for the reliability there. Similar price, $6,7 USD per hour and then the $25 USD per close. But the good thing about that is they just work in your account. You have full control over them. The only annoying thing, not annoying thing about it, but the only thing to take into consideration there is just managing their hours and stuff a little bit more. But as long as there's plenty of work for them, like, so I've got two setters in my account, essentially. Which you will have heaps of work for them. And the only issue is with one setter, they work about five, six days a week. So it's like you just need two so they can sort of fill the days where the other one's off, if that makes sense.
Torin McGlynn: Are they, like, Filipino again? Or are we, like, hiring English boys? You know the ones that are, like, straight in your DMs the whole time? Yeah. There's revenue sitting in your DMs. Those fuckers are the worst.
Kyle Musca: Never hire them for that. But they just charge way too much. And they're just not going to care. That's my, like... Xavier's got some, I don't know, some dude in there, and he just lacks quality, lacks care, lacks, there's no set hours or anything like that. It's probably one of Xavier's biggest issues, actually, is the fact that the set was just  .
Torin McGlynn: How is he? Are still working with him?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he's doing well. It's just like, he's in a weird sticky ground where he just needs to get his cash flow up so he can start putting money into the business more. But to do that, he's just going to have to kind of suck it up and do the groundwork.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, you know, we're getting in there. But yeah, and I think it's also been good working with him because you're probably having similar experiences with what he's having, where, you know, these people are coming in for recipes and everything like that, but they're not necessarily coming in for coaching.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, heaps of that. I actually, it's a good news, I posted like a normal physique update the other day with normal food. I actually did pretty well, the post, and that gave me like a good feeling because I thought it would like, you know, feeling. feeling. feeling. I it's feeling. I it's feeling. it's a I think think know. I thought it would just do like, you know, a couple hundred likes or something and just be like, because people are so not used to it. And I actually did way better than I thought. So I think there's a good potential to shift things. Content's not, I feel like that kind of content is getting rinsed, you know? Like it's not how it used to be when we first started working together, where I was growing like hundreds of thousands all the time. I just feel like it's now a little bit samesy, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that's the thing with that style of content, man, because like obviously I've watched as new sort of trends and phases come and go. You know, people can grow massive accounts in one style of content that's really, really just popular or in fashion. And then whether it's the algorithm shifts away from it or just people get sort of sick because, sick and tired of it because everyone starts doing it. It's good to be able to diversify a little bit. So we can definitely chat about that as well. But we're sort of, I'm also working with Xavier's thing as well, because the issue with the recipe videos is they get. Really good engagement and everything for sure, but you don't really position yourself as a coach with authority, if that makes sense.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, you tell them that this is good at protein and that there's good fats and eggs or something, but you can only say that once, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, like, that's still great to get views and eyeballs on you and everything like that, but I think we need some, like, potentially look at some more conversion-orientated content.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I'm still interested in getting a million followers, though. That'd be really cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, it's not about, like, necessarily taking away rather than just adding more.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I think so. I think so. I think that's a key element. Yeah, there's just styles of content. I don't want to, like, we'll figure something out, I'm sure, but, like, these ones where you kind of, like, point at something, don't like it.
Kyle Musca: I don't like it's . No.
Torin McGlynn: To be honest, the stuff that Xavier's doing, I don't like. Like, to be honest, and I can't see myself doing it. I can see him doing it. I know that person he is, and that's kind of how he likes doing it. Maybe a reaction video is similar to yours.
Kyle Musca: I don't know. There's different types of you can do. One I'm working with Xavier on. I'm not sure if you're talking about these ones. It's kind of like similar to how Alex Gamble does his.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I like those. I like those. I really like them and I really like the ones that are like, there's a guy called Body Magic. He's another Aussie guy. He does ones where he puts a timer on. You've probably seen him. He does like a note thing and like he's very engaging. I met him. He's a cool guy. I'm pretty sure he does like 150k a month. He's like 500,000 followers. I think that's the style of content I could do. Ones where I'm of making viral recipes.
Kyle Musca: I'll be honest with you. I'm  sick of it. No, for sure. I also think, you know, the category of ads could be really useful for you as well if done right. Right. Yes, with a lot's evolved and changed since then as well, even so like a lot has changed. Um, but I, I think one thing that would work really, really well for you is like a lead magnet to close that gap. You know, because people see you and associate you with nutrition and meal plans and everything like that already. So it's like, if you can get them into like a long, oh yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I mean, different than the lead magnet, where it's like common pizza for the recipe.
Kyle Musca: No, it's not like, so again, I've been doing a lot even with lead magnets, right. Um, where the issue with like a lot of lead magnets is one, they're not enough value in terms of no one wants to, read a  ebook anymore. And everyone knows it's just, you know, chat GPT, copy and paste it anyway. Um, with the lead magnet, we need to give actual proper value. So what I, I, um, really focusing on there at the moment is like a 30 minute masterclass where you basically do a presentation, uh, and it's solving a very specific problem. So it's like, who's your main sort of clients coming through now that it's.
Torin McGlynn: If we did a menopause masterclass.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. How, how, we're there foriyzen pippies. Yeah, how women in their 40s and 50s can, you know, whatever, usually weight loss, right? Can lose 6 to 8 kilos over the next 12 weeks without crashing their hormones, whatever, we come up with the title, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'm doing this with Bree at the moment, and she's getting like, per message, it's $3 per qualified lead, which is they're working full-time and they're an Australian woman. Oh, is it an ad that links to a lead magnet? Nah. So it comes through the same ManyChat flow and everything like that, so we qualify them, and they kept it native in the DMs. For that, she's getting about like, between $8 to $10 per like, qualified lead.
Torin McGlynn: Wow.
Kyle Musca: Which is crazy.
Torin McGlynn: well with her business?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, really  well, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: That's cool you guys are just like, ripping it. Where are you now?
Kyle Musca: I'm in Thailand, so we set up shop here.
Torin McGlynn: That's so cool that you guys I was just like, absolutely smash it together. That's so cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she did like 18 grand last week. Like, she's doing very well.
Torin McGlynn: 18?
Kyle Musca: 18, yeah. But she, yeah, I mean, like, again, this is why I think ads are so powerful if done right, because she only gets like maybe 40 likes per post. You know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, we're still saying that. I still think I'm an authority, even though the content's like rinsed. I still think I'm one of the top ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. So the thing about the lead magnet, right, is it closes the gap, and it opens a new gap. So what I mean by that is, like, as we know, 3% of the audience might be in a buying mindset, and 17% of them are going to be in information-gathering sort of position, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Lead magnet gives them that information to close the gap, and then also breaks their beliefs to create a gap of why coaching is needed to solve their problem.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense? it moves them through it faster. And then you've given them something of actual value. Because if they watch 30 minutes of you breaking down a topic, they're going to be really bored into the idea and really bored into you. And that works really well because when they come through the ManyChat flow, they watch that video. And then by the time the DM said it gets in there to actually talk to them, they've been pre-framed for it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, and then if they don't stand up, I suppose I could always sell them to Macro as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, there's plenty of different avenues you could go in there.
Torin McGlynn: I haven't got Macro yet launched, but everything's sorted out, all the videos. just takes ages. This is such a long process that I did not expect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it takes a while. Yeah, so last week on our end, the numbers for us, she spent like $350. She physically could not take any more calls from her. And she contracted $15,000 in return from that $350. Wow. her return on investment. Yeah, her return on investment was like $44,000, so for every dollar she put in, she got $44
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's nice. What was I going to say? Yeah, I'm happy with that. I've got definitely funds there. just bought a new car, actually. I bought a ute. I never thought I'd buy a ute.
Kyle Musca: Oh, really?
Torin McGlynn: I'll show you. I'll you. I'll send it to you on that. It's cool. It's because I went camping, and I'm like, I think camping's like the best thing ever in WA. Yeah, it was cool. I literally just went in there, and then they're like, you know, the finance people would ask me questions. I'm obviously a young guy, and then they're like, when I'm just like, oh, yeah, straight up buy it with cash. They're like, a little bit like, what?
Kyle Musca: It's cool to have that feeling. was like, whenever I'm making a big purchase, I always like to walk in looking like a bit of a bum.
Torin McGlynn: That was really cool. It was really nice to like, you know, see my work pay off a little bit. And like, obviously, I was grinding there for a while, like proper grinding, like 40 hours a day. But it was, it was really cool to actually like buy a car and everything. And now that I'm like set up in Australia, I feel like I'm so ready to like get to big, big months, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. I think, you know, it's good to, I was kind of similar. was traveling around, you know, since pretty much, I guess, September last year. And then by the time I got here, I was like, so , because even when I got to Thailand, I still stayed in Bangkok for a week and then Chiang Mai for a week and then Phuket for two weeks. So Chiang Mai two weeks, Phuket two weeks, then went back to Dubai for a week and then back to here to finally settle in. was so sick of it after. Oh my God.
Torin McGlynn: I was doing that for a year. Literally 40 Airbnbs in one year. It's crazy. I don't advise it at all. But yeah, I think that is the biggest bottleneck when it comes to content. Like we're still, we're still booking like 10 to 20 calls a week. Like still hitting big weeks. The, my, my ROAS, my, not my ROAS, sorry. My recurring right now is good. Like I went away for two weeks. Still made quite a lot of money. We've got Fathom, who's coaching really well. And then we have an, I'm actually hiring a client.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, nice.
Torin McGlynn: And I'll tell you why. He doesn't have any experience, but he is like the most crazy on it in the group chat as if he's like getting paid to do it person. And then he reached out to me, like quit his job, said I was an inspiration to him. And he's like, work corporate is all life. And like, he's going to try coaching and stuff. And I was like, okay, get your certs and show me that you're serious about it. And I'll hire you and we'll pay you 20, 22 an hour or 22, you know, not an hour per client. And he was like, I'm all for it. I want to be team time.
Kyle Musca: And he's like so motivated. Yeah. Awesome. What I would probably do in that situation, what I have done, and that's it. I haven't hired a client specifically. But whenever I bring on a coach and they maybe don't have heaps of knowledge, I just put them through like maybe a clean health course or something like that.
Torin McGlynn: He's doing clean. He's doing clean health. And he's also doing like some, sorry, three or something. I'm doing nutrition one that he's doing. He's so serious about it. spent eight grand.
Kyle Musca: One day, he's like, no problem. I'll do it. I want to be part of it. Yeah, nice. Yeah. The certs aren't really  that good at all, but the actual clean-up ones are pretty decent. Yeah, good. Cool, man. So you're getting, you know, 15, 20 calls a week.
Torin McGlynn: Are you converting well on those? Hit or miss, to be honest. Like, this week we've got, like, no calls booked, but I closed on yesterday. My close rate is probably, like, 65, I would say, percent, give or take. Maybe 60, well, 66. Probably, if I was to take three calls, break close every two, two every three.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So we're getting that much volume, and that's the close rate. What's the factor that, because realistically, that should just keep climbing above 50k at that point.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it's show up, right? It's show up, right? I changed the videos and everything as well. I still think I could make them different again. It's show up, right? And it's also, yeah, show up, right? Like, okay, I have 20 bucks and only 10 arrive, you know?
Kyle Musca: Right, okay. So I've focusing on that as well. I'll keep cover that. Especially organically, that's pretty rough.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it is. It's annoying as well. And then you have people that are like, oh, can we do tomorrow? And then it's just like, okay, I know that you're probably going to be scheduled tomorrow. And it like  me around. It's annoying. I actually, if we were to do, I would love to get a salesperson in. Like, I would love to, I would love to be able to like focus on this stuff because I still coach like 30 clients, right? Do you have any, what do you think about that? What do you think about getting like an actual salesperson on?
Kyle Musca: As long as you're in the call volume, for sure.
Torin McGlynn: I would say if you're going to get a closer in, then you'd probably definitely want to run ads to have a consistent call volume. Yeah, it's hard to take ownership out of that because I'm actually in a place now where like my closing is like good. It's funny, when I was camping, I was doing sales calls without my camera on, in my underwear, in like, I was a mess. Because I was camping, I was in this like forest.
Kyle Musca: And I like...
Torin McGlynn: Cooking deals, just literally in my own way, like in the past.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I remember when I had to like, when I was doing them all the time, I would just put my AirPods in and just go walk down the beach and . I thought it was  weird, just like having full conversations with myself. Yeah, no, yeah. So I think you should still take calls, but just do a volume where like, where you want to be at. You know what I mean? Like just keep yourself nice and profitable there. Maybe like, yeah, five to eight calls a week, depending on what you do. I don't know because I've got so many things going on, but I do recommend, you know, if you're, if this is your only business and this is your bread and butter, then I would recommend you staying in that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. See, I wouldn't mind diversifying as well. That's the thing. Like sales calls are already becoming that thing where it's like, okay, I've got a sales call. It's not like, oh yeah, you know, there's not an exciting thing anymore. Um, so I would be interested in like freeing up time for other things, you know, because I still think I've so much leverage on my account.
Kyle Musca: Like, There's so much leverage. Yeah, yeah. So, I mean, again, it comes down to core volume. So it's like, yeah. I mean, if you're getting a closer on board, it's like realistically you want to funnel them as many calls as possible. And then, you know, you might want to just keep yourself open if there's a little bit of excess or something.
Torin McGlynn: I'd be happy to do that with you if we could, like, set up something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the only thing is the closer is like the hardest hire. It's really hard to find a good salesperson.
Torin McGlynn: I've got some ways of figuring that out. How's Tommy doing? he still working with you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Tommy's doing really well.
Torin McGlynn: I want him to work for me. He's so good. He's taught me so much stuff. I actually think he would be, like, if he's looked at my calls now, I'm, like, so much better than I ever was before. Because I took the recordings for him, I watched one the other day and I was like, how did I close that deal? Like, how? was so bad. Like, my objection handle was so janky and all that. I think it was just got down to, like, obviously the person just thought I was a nice person. But if it came down to like pure sales skills, it was just non-existent.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So even when a high closes and stuff like that, what you can do is get them on board with Tommy to do sales training and everything to get them up to speed.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then what I'm looking at doing with Bree actually, because you'll probably get a female closer on, I would assume.
Torin McGlynn: I would say. Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, and what I'm even going to look at doing with Bree, because Bree's an absolute weapon at sales. I'm going to do, get her to do like a weekly, again, ideally we're just chatting about this, but a weekly group sales call where like all the closers and like clients that want to join and stuff can jump on and do the training there.
Torin McGlynn: Oh yeah. That's cool. That's cool. Yeah. There's plenty of stuff we can work on. I definitely think just getting better setters is probably the biggest like turnaround. I'm happy to discuss about, I just want to like sort out all that stuff before I turn. And then we can, I think like the first month or two, we should do no ads and then get everything sorted and then go to ads. And I'm happy to, you know, get that on board. And then what was the other things? My CTAs, I was literally full there for a month, literally full. I couldn't take any more, neither could cushion. And I had to actually say like waiting list, which was actually pretty good. I got on like sales calls for like 10 people and I told them about the wait list and they were actually waiting. Like we literally like stopped the things and they were so easy to close. It was like something about like they had to wait for it or something.
Kyle Musca: It's because there's scarcity. know what mean? Scarcity is a really- know the scarcity.
Torin McGlynn: I couldn't take their call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Scarcity, if you use like genuinely, is one of the most powerful things you can do.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's why even for all my calls, I say like do two spots left, one spot left. And then the downsell is like, there's not technically a spot left for this, but if you do it now, you can get it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. We also have a way better System for making meal plans. have, I don't know if you've worked with OpenClaw yet, the other thing that actually takes control of your computer and uses like multiple AIs, it like makes weapon meal plans.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've seen it, but I'm like hesitant to plug any of that stuff in until it's like adapted properly, because otherwise they're usually more of a fucker.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, we haven't, I'm not kind of a person that will give my bank details or my login passwords, but we've given it like, you know, this is what this person needs, this is what that. And then it seems way better than like ChatGPT or anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I use Claude as well. I don't know if you still use ChatGPT, but I'd  that up real quick.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, Claude is always good. I just use ChatGPT for image creation. way better than Claude. I don't even know if Claude does it.
Kyle Musca: I'm pretty sure Claude would be better at image creation than ChatGPT.
Torin McGlynn: I I did both and, because I'm doing all those, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: for image creation, Grok's probably the best from what I've seen.
Torin McGlynn: It's way quicker. It's way quicker than ChatGPT. ChatGPT is like waiting for it.
Kyle Musca: Grok is like instant.
Torin McGlynn: All right. What else do you think we can do? Like, I suppose, setters, get the webinars kind of going.
Kyle Musca: I definitely think that's something that we can do. Yeah. So, you know, we've got a good idea of where you're at right now. I reckon what we do is, yeah, get some, I can get some setters sourced over the next week or so. You can interview them, see which ones you like the best. I've got all the trainings and everything like that for the setters because, again, I basically sat down for a week and I was like, I'm just going to make this retard-proof. It's been working really, really well since then for me.
Torin McGlynn: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool, cool, And then what we can do from there, we'll probably pick apart your funnel again just to make sure that it's all optimized. And then at the same time, we'll probably look at potentially diversifying the content a little bit and then also putting together the pieces of masterclass and showing you how to build that and everything like that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I think that's important. I think that's really important. All right, cool. Cool, cool, cool, cool. Yeah, let's definitely do without ads for the first month or two, as I said, and then we'll go ad. But yeah, let's start the weekly calls. We can do that. We can get the setters all booked. That'd be perfect, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. We'll officially start from next week.
Torin McGlynn: Is this time good for you each week? Do you have any earlier slots? Like I've way preferred these calls earlier in day so that I can actually do things after instead of it being like waiting for it, you know, because I don't take coaching calls on Fridays. So the earlier the better. Like if it could be your first slot, that'd be great.
Kyle Musca: I could do Wednesday at 11 a.m. your time.
Torin McGlynn: Let me see. Yeah, I could do 10 is better, but I could do 11 too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's 9 a.m. for me. So I don't get, I do all my ad work and do all my ads management  then.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, no, I respect that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we can do 11. We'll do, okay, sick. Let me grab that. I'll shift that now. Can you send me your email again actually in the WhatsApp and I'll just lock that and send you an invite.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man.
Torin McGlynn: Cool, bro. If you have earlier slots on Fridays, I'm happy with that, too. But I know your Fridays are very packed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm like, yeah, instead of like Friday now, it's so stacked.
Torin McGlynn: The nice thing about Friday is that I don't have calls. So it's nice to have you standalone. But you only have this slot. You only have one o'clock. Do you?
Kyle Musca: Uh, yeah. Yeah, I could maybe ask my 12 p.m. with your time, 11 a.m. my time, to push it back an hour. But it would only be an hour difference.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah. What about 10? What 11? What about 10 your time, 11 a.m.?
Kyle Musca: I've got a call there. But I could see if those two calls want to push it back an hour.
Torin McGlynn: Throw it in Wednesday for now. I don't want to be a hindrance to yours.
Kyle Musca: If it's possible, it's possible. If not, it's not. Okay. Yeah. I'll ask them because that would probably work out better for me anyway. Yeah, cool.
Torin McGlynn: See you. For now, let's do the 11 Wednesday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. How's it, man? It should be through your email. I'll lock that in.
Torin McGlynn: Amazing.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man.
Torin McGlynn: I've been seeing you time today, man, and I'm glad you're doing so well, and it's cool to chat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you too, man. All right, bro, I'll chat to you in the meantime. I'll try and source this. I should be able to do that fairly quickly, and I'll send you through whoever comes across. You see it, man. All right, see you later. Cheers, man. Bye. Bye.


>>> 174/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-17T07:17:45Z | id:138836432
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: My credit card, any  like that. This meeting is being recorded. Yeah. Ideally, obviously, they're in Australia. If you do that, it's a little bit more difficult if they're in the US. But, yeah, that's the easiest way to get around that. The spousal rejection.
xavier kelly: You know what I was thinking as well?
Kyle Musca: You of have to... The spousal rejection, I'm pretty sure we spoke about this before. You kind of have to lean into, like, getting them to see the spouse as the bad guy. Without, obviously, like, throwing the spouse under the bus, but kind of, like, getting them to realize that they need to take accountability for themselves to make their own decision. Because if they don't and nothing changes, then who do you think that they're actually going to blame?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, core volume was pretty decent this week.
xavier kelly: Yeah, and that was me, like, setting... Honestly, I reckon if I had that full-time set up, I would have had, like, 24. Oh, really? Okay. 100%, 100%. Like, so many people slip through the gaps. Like, even when I'm setting, like, you know, and then there's the follow-up thing. You get lost not having that follow-up system that's, like, structured. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
xavier kelly: Let quickly send these links over. But I think, like, my views and everything over here.
Kyle Musca: When do you head to Bali?
xavier kelly: I'm here.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, okay.
xavier kelly: It's not.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's solid. Are you living that kind of permanent now?
xavier kelly: Sammy, yeah. My girlfriend has the modelling contract here, so I've got to stay for a bit. Like, I was, my dad's  whole Thai business burnt to the ground.
Kyle Musca: Oh, .
xavier kelly: Yesterday. It's like, I can't get I'm because it's like a battery file.
Kyle Musca: That's the whole point of having insurance. That's  stupid.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Well, it's due to the nature of the fire, you can't get that kind of fire insured. And the insurance premiums on having insurance on that kind of fire is like half a million dollars a year.
Kyle Musca: That's so .
xavier kelly: Yeah. I'm trying to still log in. I have a question. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So.
xavier kelly: Has content slowed a little bit since making the move? Yeah. Well, I had to buy an air fryer. There's no oven. And I got that. And then I've got the wooden chopping board to have it as that contrast now. So that came in the mail today. It's like a big one. So I've got air fryer, wooden chopping board, like a pretty good setup now. So I can like promptly pump out the cooking videos now. And I'm also at the gym and I have a whiteboard here. So I brought my tripod. I'm going to film like a point at the whiteboard with the sticky notes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
xavier kelly: Sick. Yeah. I'm just getting this logged into Fathom. just asking me to clarify.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Have you got the prequel video template?
xavier kelly: I've got your one from the set of script. So I've remade it into my own and I'm just right now making the, finishing the Canva. pretty much finished it. I'm just going to film it when I get back to the house.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I see. Okay. Yeah. have the, did I send you the Canva template for it?
xavier kelly: I don't think so.
Kyle Musca: No. Oh, okay.
xavier kelly: I made it though. I made it. But, um, so it was pretty much, um, like rock up to the core, get ready to have your like, uh, ideas, challenge, like make sure you talk to your spouse, uh, don't like waste our time. Our time is valuable and we want to get started straight away.
Kyle Musca: Be ready to invest if this is right for you type of thing. Yeah. So we can even, oh, yeah. So you haven't filmed it yet. With that, just be cautious not to add any like, um, commitment terminology. Like.
xavier kelly: We want to obviously explain, you know, get on the call on time, speak to your partner and everything like that.
Kyle Musca: But if they feel like it's too pressuresome or, you know, it's going be a hard sell type thing, then that's going to build up a lot of anxiety around that. So we want to keep it nice and casual. If there is a problem that consistently comes up, then we do want to sort of, you know, be direct about that. So in mine, for example, you hear me say like, you know, we get at least one guy a day, say there's some , you know, extreme emergency that's come up or some like, you know, once in a lifetime. You know, whatever. Don't be that guy. Like, if you just can't be bothered, Sean, I'll just say that.
xavier kelly: Like, we don't want to work with you. Yeah. Yeah. Can you repeat that? Sorry, it was.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't use that unless you're getting the problem a lot. Like, if you're getting a lot of people saying like, oh, emergencies popped up or , you know, because I was getting like, again, I was getting at least once a day where they're like, oh, popped up with my kids or something like that.
xavier kelly: And it's like.
Kyle Musca: How many emergencies can pop up? Yeah. But to start with, I would just keep it as simple as possible. And then if a problem keeps arising, then you can add a backup.
xavier kelly: Yeah. I think for some of these calls, what I  up doing is I didn't just go for the downsell and just try to get them in minimum downsell package on a month thing, which I should do. And also, got, you know what?
Kyle Musca: What was that? Oh, what? Yeah, you know what?
xavier kelly: Yeah, my mate had someone who knows someone who worked there. So I got that. So I can get the financing. So when someone pays on a six-month program, I get all the cash out.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So you want to be cautious of that. So reason for that is because yes, you get the lifetime value in the cash collected on the core, but that means you've also got to take on the liability of the six months without cash coming in the door.
xavier kelly: Sure, like a double-edged sword for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because what can happen is like, for example, you could go through a month where you make a ton of sales and you collect all this cash and you're on top of the moon, and then you could go through a two-month dry spell where you've got no money coming through the door at all.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, so you've got to be real careful about that because it can collapse on itself very quickly.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, it comes down to, I guess, simple accounting and just planning ahead and not blowing away the money.
xavier kelly: Which one I just...
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah?
xavier kelly: Yeah. Any of them.
Kyle Musca: Any of them? We'll just go to the last one.
xavier kelly: Excel. Okay. It's been...
Kyle Musca: Let's rip straight into this so we can get through as much as possible. Say that we need to get started, all right? I coach you. We lose 25 pounds first off, and then we start going for that last piece, being 20, and get you down to that 125.
xavier kelly: This is doing the new script as well, so I don't know if I'm, like, as fluent in this one, but this is the new script from Tommy.
Kyle Musca: For me, it's not going to change much about myself, but I know it will bring me more confidence into feeling like, wow, I can do this by myself, even though anybody would be helping me, but it would give me the confidence to know, wow, I can do this, because I haven't done it in so long. So, like, that would be only one. So, even that is a little bit of a red flag, what she said, it's not going to change much of myself. That's a mental barrier that she's already got, a belief that she has. Like, if I do this, it's not going to do much, then, you know, if it's not going to do much, then why do it?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you could do that version of yourself. You've gotten to that goal that you've never been at before, and you did it the right way, so you're confident that you're going to be able to stay. Is this the second half of the call? In that shape?
xavier kelly: I started it a little bit light because it didn't admit it at the start.
Kyle Musca: How do feel? I feel like I would be confident. I just need to build the healthy habits. That's what I should have been doing when was using GLP-1, but I was using it more of like a crutch. And knew I was doing it and I knew I should have been doing it, but it silences the habits. Yeah. So if you are on, we'll go over your authentic. It would just shut down your brain, which means you don't feel hungry. So see how you're coaching here?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We don't want to do that. Just be like, okay. So, yeah, ideally you want to realistically kind of like, you know, lose the weight to increase your overall confidence. And most importantly, like actually do it the right way, build the right habits so you never struggle with it again, right?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's hard to fight back a hormone and be able to learn how to deal with it because you're not there. So when it comes back, it comes back. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, what my main concern is, and I speak to a lot of ladies, I hop on a lot of calls. My main concern is, what happens if you don't get this order and you never get? the professional help that you actually need to be able to instill these habits, lose the weight, and have the knowledge and structure in the system. So I won't do this one just because it's too late in the call for us to release.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's never ever run around the block without getting puffed out. So it's been fun and busy. I work at the moment with one new production that we've just casted, so we're doing legally blonde in the musical. Oh, wow. Yeah, what about you? How's your week been? Oh, it's been pretty hectic. I've just been, you know, lots of calls, very busy. I think it's around April. Everybody is around that time. They're like, you know what? I need help. Probably to start now for summer. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's the new block? What is that? Is that right? No, not broadly. I do like accessible theatre. So we perform productions for people with without disabilities, and we obviously use a lot of professional performers to kind of connect people with disabilities. So they like do a castmate model where they're a role. One person has a disability and the other person like supports them. So like that, she met. And we had a girl who just finished the musical touring, and she came, she met with a blind artist, and they did the role together. So it's kind of like I'm a cast manager there. That is so noble. That is so awesome. That's so awesome. That's awesome. Okay. Yeah, so obviously we'll do this one with me today. I know we had a of a back and forth in the DMs, but why don't we just start fresh and go with where you're right now, with your height, your weight and your age. Yeah, great. So. 28 years old. Height, let me see if I have that written down. I did a body scan recently at the gym, so I can do that. To be honest, I don't really ask height and age. It's not really relevant unless they're real young. And then, because this is minor, but we don't want them to get caught up and slow on the cool down trying to figure out what their height actually is. Weight is probably around 65 kilos.
xavier kelly: Let me see if I can...
Kyle Musca: Did you know my height? Or if was the wrong thing, let just find it. For sure. Like 162-ish centimeters? Cool. And you... What was the age again? Oh, I'm 65. Cool, cool, cool. So, what we'll do is call is pretty basic. We'll just talk about where you're at right now and what's been going on, and then kind of get an understanding of where you would like to, so we can figure out that gap and what's causing it. We'll get on the call if everything feels like something that you might want to do, and you can talk about next steps. Does that sound good? Yeah, yeah. Obviously, I feel like I have a really good idea of what I need to do to get where I might be. I just struggle with, like, saying accountable and having someone to just focus on me and my goals, where I feel like you can really help me. I'm like, I'm accounting. I've done the whole, like, 50, really. Yeah, all that. Also, vegetarian, that's quite hard to get coaching goals. But, yeah, I think, obviously, cost is, like, a big thing I'm conscious of as well, so just knowing what that is and what we're trying to find about that. For sure, for sure. Awesome. Yeah, I think, nowadays, nobody really knew what they were doing back in the day, and then towards, I don't know if anybody's really informed, besides that training, nutrition, calorie deficits, and it's really just about staying focused and staying on the right path and just getting to the goal and then maintaining it super easy. Yeah. Awesome. So, let's just say where you are now, and let's envision the version of yourself that you would put a 10 out of 10 label on. What is that? So, it's not, obviously, a number on the scale, because we know that it's be, like, muscle and all. I would love to be, like, a size 8. I'm currently a 10 to 12, and I would really love to be in a size 8, clothes fitting. Obviously, I would love the dream, confidence of being in a bikini, two-piece at gym, that sort of thing. Very cool. And if you had to say where you're at right now, in comparison to that 10 out of where would you be on that scale? Well, I'd say, like, I don't know. Like, my body fat is currently, like, at a 32%. So, I'm close to a 20, like a 15, so that's the dream. Mm-hmm. Cool. And if you were to say, on a 1% scale, like 10-10 being, you've got bikini body, you're wearing a two-piece at the gym. Yes, at all. I mean, closer than I was. So, my goals, like, at the start of this year was really helping fitness. So, I think, Over the last two, three months, I've been, like, coming down to a status 10 where I was but, yeah, definitely not. I need someone to help me keep consistent. Okay, so we'll be doing that low right now, but we had a thing compared to that 10. Okay, what do you feel like is amazing here? Like, what do feel like the big challenge for you is? Discipline. I'm so bad. Like, I love... So a huge piece of ammunition so far, accountability, discipline, and she's tried everything else. She's tried a lot of things, but nothing seems to work so far. I'm very, social, so I've got a lot, and my biggest weakness is when I'm seeing friends and there's snacks around, I just stop. Yeah, okay. And what happens when you don't have that discipline? Like, I will just indulge completely. Okay, and what do you feel like you need help with? I think mainly someone who's just, like, on my page would, like, um, well, I think there's a few things. Obviously, I'm trying for a half marathon, a gym plan where I have some structure in the gym, currently, you can see, writing this out plan for someone to be building up on every single day. Um, I would love a plan, like, what to eat in terms of hitting my greeting goal, but also not being stagnant in my... Like, one of the things I love so much about your page is people do this lot, and you do those clever snacks, and, like, I love that. And just, I guess, help with, like, being accountable and someone to be, like, and be strict with me. She just said being accountable and strict. She's basically... Just giving you permission at the end to be like, well, you know, you wanted someone to keep you accountable. Now you're trying to sort of backpedal out of this. Are you going to keep yourself accountable and actually commit to making this change? Again, we'll get there. But accountability is probably one of my favorite things to hear on a call because they've given you permission to keep them accountable.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Well, maybe help me understand why you have potentially got to the point where you're looking for some outside help for this instead of just doing it by yourself by using old methods. Yeah, because I'm weak. I'm so weak. I don't. You own it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I respect it. I respect it. All right. And what do you feel like made you shift into that mindset? What made you kind of reach out? I think, obviously, I follow your page and love your content. And when I saw the story, I had actually been thinking, oh, should I get a coach? And I just thought it's worth it. So I assume that's probably the why now question you just asked.
xavier kelly: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we want to frame. And as, why now? Like those words specifically.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it's like, what made you reach out type thing? Yes, it's implied it's in a current period of time of now. We want it to be very clear of like, why do you need to start now?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Hearing about it more and seeing if it can help. I think I can really get there and I've got this like dream body in my head, but I just need some help. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. It's great when you have a goal that you can actually picture. It's almost like a manifestation. It's just about putting your effort in the right direction.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Not a way you resided to what she said, which is good.
xavier kelly: Now, so I just getting healthier and fitter.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you said that you want to get that beach ball, you want to wear those clothes, you to be a size eight. What do you feel like the real reason behind wanting to achieve that look is? I guess like for my self-confidence is like really hot and beautiful. And what would you say, if you bring it back to now, how is not being there impacting you on a day to day? Um, so you could even, okay, yeah, so I guess confidence is really the biggest driver we're looking for. Make sense? Just little things like that. I'm still quite a confident person. still do think, like, beauty isn't all types and sizes. More so, I think I'm limited in clothes that I can purchase and buy clothes. I don't think I look good in, like, a skin-fitting dress, but, like, I have more options. Obviously, like, energy's great. Yeah. Okay. So you would say you feel a bit limited and you can't almost be your true self in a way that you want to be? Um, no, I think I am myself, but I, I have a lot more potential that's yet to be. Okay. Okay. So there's a version of yourself that you, you want to explore and you're excited to see what that would look like and be? Yeah. Cool. And how often is that something that goes through your mind? Is that a daily thing? So it's my, um, news resolution for this year. was, like, really fitness and, like, singing, like, get to this dream idea. Um, and that's why I was, like, the half marathon as well. Like, yeah. Okay. All right. Well, let's say we do this. Let's say I coach you, we get you down to a size A, we build muscle. off. All the right places and tell me in six months time or four months time we get to that body, what do you actually want to see change for you? So there, again, I would phrase it as how would your life actually be different than it is right now? Because again, how would things change for you is just vague. Or I could get better clothes. I guess I'd have more confidence, you know what mean? But it's like, how would your life actually be different right now? Oh, I would be able to go wear those better clothes on nights out and really enjoy them or something like that.
xavier kelly: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: I, what do I want to see change for me from that point? I don't know, maybe being able to. Let's see how she's, it was like a little bit vague.
xavier kelly: So she's not sure how to answer it.
Kyle Musca: It's a really hard question. I actually don't know the answer to that. I think that would be the change in itself. Okay. Well, another way to put it would be, you picture that version of yourself and you're wearing outfits that you weren't able to before and you feel like there's a version of you and that potential is it. What do you feel? What's the difference? Yeah. Yes, it's just too vague, if that makes sense. Feeling obviously a bit more confident and that self-confidence. I think also like I'm a much. Cause the question's trying to do like, we're trying to extract it like, or get her to imagine what is the, like when you've got the confidence, how is your life actually going to be different than it is now? Not, but she's so focused on the confidence aspect. Cause that's kind of how it was worded. Like what would, you know, she's just focused on the confidence, not the outcome of the confidence. Smaller, like micro-influencer, deals, but like we'd love to explore doing some other ones, like a bit of an example for other people as well. So role model. model. She just brought that up, being an example for other people. That's a very big driving factor for a lot of people. Yeah, also to document it. Yeah. Get that before and after, show others, you know. Yeah, absolutely. All right. Well, what my main concern is, and I speak to a lot of ladies, is what happens if you don't guess that? And then even with that question there, you didn't paint the picture enough. So see how she, again, what I just said, it was a bit vague, she got confused, but we need to really paint the picture for it. So it's like, okay, so let's say in, you know, six months' time, we've been able to take you from, you know, size 10 to 12 down to that size A, and you're able to start, you know, going out there and not only wearing clothes that you haven't been able to fit into for quite a while from the sounds of things, but you're actually able to, you're keen to go out there and actually start shopping for new clothes. You're actually excited to go buy new fitted clothes, again, which by the sounds that you haven't really been able to do in a while. And, you know, you're able to not only get, you know, more brand deals. you're to get those in. And potentially even start growing the social media side of things more, which the confidence would certainly help do. But you're actually able to, you know, getting all these other women messages saying, wow, your transformation is so inspiring, right? It's actually encouraged them to do something similar to themselves. And, you know, you're actually able to teach potentially those women or the people around you how to actually do it properly so the results actually last. When you pitch yourself in that situation, you know, having become the best version of yourself that you want to be, I guess, how would that make you feel?
xavier kelly: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: It's like you really want to paint the picture for them.
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it's like then their emotions rise because they start to imagine themselves as that person.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You weren't able to before and you feel like there's a version of you and that potential. Is that, what do you feel? What's the difference? Yeah. See how you also say like, I guess it was sped up a little bit, but outfits that you weren't able to before and you feel like there's a version of you and that potential is there. What do you feel? Like, what's the difference? Yeah. See how you actually sped the question up? Yeah. think we want to like slow it down. It's like, how does that, how does that make you feel? And see how the facial expression, everything is actually curious. Because I feel like something you're a bit prone to doing this because it's just a personality type more than anything is sort of almost like downplaying and not showing much emotion through facial expression and body language.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, but it's such a strong, powerful drive because literally the tonality and the facial expression, the body language is how they're going to interpret the question and therefore how they're going to respond to it. I mean, if you don't say it with much emotion, they're not going to think very emotionally about it. So therefore, they're not going to give you a very emotional, in-depth answer. Like, feeling obviously a bit more confident and, yeah, that's self-confidence. I think also, like, I'm a much smaller, like, micro-influencer in terms of doing deals, but, like, would love to explore doing some other ones and, like, a bit of an example for other people as well. For sure. Yeah. Also to document it. Yeah. Get that before and after, show others, you know. Yeah, absolutely. All right. Well, what my main concern is, and I speak to a lot of ladies, is what happens if you don't get the help that you need and you keep going down this path where you know exactly what to do and you keep making promises to yourself, but you keep failing those promises? What does that look like in six months' time or year's time when you keep going through that? So I would relate that to what, again, we want outcomes here because everything we're talking about here is the thing, but it's not the result of the thing. So even when she's stuck on confidence, it's the time. But it's not, we're trying to get that focused on the result of the thing. So it's like, you know, what happens if you keep, you know, trying to lose this weight? You keep trying to, you know, follow this news resolution through because we're, you know, we're four months into the year, right? You keep trying, you know, search the internet for all the information. keep using ChatGPT to create these plans for you. And you keep putting in the effort that it seems like you've been putting in. But, you unfortunately, the needle just doesn't shift. And as time goes on and you keep putting in more effort, your willpower to keep that level of effort up continues to, I guess, deteriorate to the point where all of a sudden it's, it's, it's 2027 and you're in the same, if not worse position as you were last year. I guess, how does that make you feel?
xavier kelly: Yeah, I need to paint. I'm like, I'm trying to like make her connect the dots, but really I need to just paint the picture and then say, how does that make me feel?
Kyle Musca: And then they'll say, well, that makes me feel .
xavier kelly: Or they'll say, well, I'm not going to let that happen. And then you just go, okay, well, you know, and you go into the next thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly.
xavier kelly: Like their responses shouldn't be massive off this one or these two, right?
Kyle Musca: Essentially, you'll know you've done it right if the first one, they're like smiling and then they're like, you know, that'd be  awesome.
xavier kelly: You know what mean? They answer with some enthusiasm. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then you're right in the second one, when you say it like that, they'll say like, I'll figure it out or something like that.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Okay. It's a matter of like, you're going to get it done.
xavier kelly: It's just a matter of like how, right? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Move on. That's not cool. Yeah. Looks pretty . So it would be possibly time to make a change then? Yeah. Okay. That's all I really needed to know. The reason I asked you those questions is I want to gauge where you're at mentally to see if you're actually ready for it. With everything I asked you and your responses, I'm very confident that what I do can definitely help you. Even then, like, it's good to use non-commitment terminology. So it's like, yeah, everything I'm doing, I think, would actually work quite well for you. you. So, um... What I can do is I can walk you through, like, show you how I can actually help you with this, you know what Because it's like, we don't want to come across as too, I guess, cocky, right? It's not the biggest thing, but it's just like, yeah, I think what I'm doing would actually work quite well for you compared to what they expect of, yeah, no, I can definitely help you, like, 100%, which we can, you know what mean? But, again, it just keeps it less commitment terminology, less salesy, if that makes sense. More casual, right? So, what I can do now is I can run you through what the program looks like, and then we can talk, you know, investment and see if it makes sense. Yeah, right. Cool. So, structure the coaching into three different pillars. The three pillars are enjoyability, effectiveness, and accountability or support. With enjoyability, it's really just about making the food taste good. Are you getting enough meals in the day? Are you full? Are you getting that, you know, little property thing that you really enjoy? If you enjoy it, what are you going to do post-traum? If I enjoy the food? If enjoy the food and the whole nutrition and the training and everything. I want to go to Zadia. I'll tell everyone to go to you, the coaching. That's one thing, that's one thing. But what are you going to do if you enjoy your new habits in lifestyle? Oh, like maintain them? I'm going to lie to you and be like, I'm going to be on this strict, narrow program. me, it's like, let's try this year to really go whole time. But I do know if you're like eating and training a certain way for so long, it becomes habit that maybe it is addictive and like maybe you will stick on with it. But like, you know, I love my Nando's. Have I had it in like the last three months? Only once on my birthday because I'm so into my air fryer, like potato spuds. I'm like, it actually is sad to the point where when I would drink. So for that question, I'll probably try and keep it similar to the script because we're not trying to get them to re-engage in conversation here.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We're just trying to get through it. We also don't want to like say, I guess, in a way the wrong thing because you're talking about enjoyment and everything like that, which, you know, is fair enough. But then she's come back and be like, why? I actually just, like, made the decision to just go really hard and everything like that. It's like, okay, well, we're – again, even that, they can be like, we're not on the same page.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would dream about, like, having Nando chips. I would wake up, be so happy. I'd put on the calories. And then the other night I had a dream about my air-fried chips. I was like, no, this is ruined for me. Yeah, I mean, there is an element of that. I think when you're on that rich fat loss phase and you're trying to really focus on just getting to that goal no matter what, it's good to kind of narrow down your focus and block out some of those distractions. But as you get towards the end of the program and you get towards your goal, you can practice flexible dieting. Yeah. Right? You can pick and choose. And if you enjoy the food, like, we're not talking bland.
xavier kelly: We've got some good meals.
Kyle Musca: If we enjoy the food, if we enjoy the walk, if enjoy the workouts, it really does become a lifestyle. And then that beach body that you achieve, soon you're going to be thinking, oh, maybe I can do my glute. Maybe I can go a little bit harder on this part. Maybe I can do this. Yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool. And if it's a slog and you hate it, what are going to do after the program? If it's a slog and I hate the food, maybe I'll chat to you and I say, what else can I have? Or like, yeah, she's not really picking up the questions.
xavier kelly: Talking with. Part of the calm, dead set, dead set.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but again, like, you don't want to, like, give these people the option, you know what mean? Like, because some people can be a bit misunderstanding.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I feel like what I should say next is, if you get this program, and it's a six-month program, it's going to take a little bit to lose this fat, and you hate it. You're either going to, halfway through, give up, or towards the end of the program, you're going to be craving those old foods that you still love, that you're going to go in a binging habit. Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would just keep, I don't know if Tommy's changed it in his, but I would just keep it to something like this. Like, the first bill is a program, it needs to be effective. And what I mean by that is, like, you need to be able to get, you know, consistent results from day one, all the way until we get you down to that size eight.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I can't say that, because it's a women's body, and, like, the first two weeks are . It's always .
Kyle Musca: That doesn't matter, you know mean?
xavier kelly: Right. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's fine. To be fair, like, I mean, you just... Um... you. Put them on a decently aggressive calorie deficit. They should lose water weight decently well. But this is a minor thing. They're not even going to  remember that, right?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That is also a trick, like not a trick, but something I would do for clients is start them off hard so they get an early win so they're bought into it.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The first, yeah, right? Because if you aren't getting really consistent results, it's going to feel like everything we're doing is just a complete waste of time.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? And then we just move on. We don't even ask a question. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because, again, we're trying to get through this. We're just trying to explain. Good answer. Part of the program. If you did the program and you hated the program, like a lot of coaches say, you know, eat this chicken or a nutritionist will tell you to eat this salad and you lose the weight. But after the program, you're just going to go back to your old habits because the cravings are so massive. And as soon as you touch, like, anything that you used to eat, you definitely just go out of this world and you just binge. So it's really good to find that middle ground where we have enjoyability and we make it taste good and we have a little bit of this. But we don't just make it so restrictive that you just want to break free. you. Cool. So the second pillar was effectiveness. What that means is I'm not going to tell you to do Pilates to gain muscle. I'm not going to tell you to go in the sauna to lose fat. The whole point of this is to not waste any time, get you the results as fast as possible, but also do it in a way where you're not losing fat or dieting or training in an unsustainable way. This needs to be done the right way because we're instilling habits, not just results, so that you can take this with you forever and then never have to speak to anyone like me again. Yeah. Okay, cool. Last one, support, accountability. We do 24-7, Monday to Sunday, text, whatever you need, I'm there. And then we do calls like this face-to-face where you can't escape me. I've got the metrics. know exactly what's been going on. And that's that accountability. You know, why did you mess up? Are we going to do better? Or you're doing a great job. Let's keep going. Wow, that's insane, 24-7. Well, 24-7 in the sense that while I'm asleep, I mean, if I hear the buzz, you I'll go. But it's Monday to Sunday. I'm always on my phone. Wow, awesome. With that being said, I need a rough idea. So you said you were 60, what's the number? 65, I've looked looked at one of my scans that I found and it was 66 or something. What I would do as well is I would do like a little notepad or something for you to write on and just write down key information. They say they struggle with accountability and stuff. I just write like ACC, like accountability.
xavier kelly: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Just write things that you need to be able to come back to and be able to actually remember.
xavier kelly: I've got a sales call at 6pm today as well. So I can put the reps in straight after.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just because once you write it down, once you've got accurate information, and two, it'll help you actually remember it because you're writing it down.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Are there any others besides? So there was accountability, there was role model. Are there any other ones that you can think of?
Kyle Musca: For this call specifically or in general?
xavier kelly: Confidence, like confidence and just Even correlating to her getting more work with her micro-influencer stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, um, like. Okay, like, do you not see this investment?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, no. No, no. Yeah. 66.5, yeah. When was the last time you were size 8? Never, like, never. 160 centimetres, 66. I want to say there's about 8. So I'd say probably one of the biggest issues in this course so far is just its whole part has slowed it right down.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Would you say there's about 8 to 9 kilos there? Oh, yeah, at least. I can't see what your body looks like, so people carry it differently. Yeah, yeah, it's definitely a big tummy, yeah. Okay, so about 10 kilos probably. Okay, cool. So we're looking at six months coaching. Six month coaching on my top tier package, which is typically for people prepping for bodybuilding, so it's 5K for six months. I don't think that's necessary for you. So with that, you know, I don't know how Tommy has it in the thing, but I'd be like, it. So So run through this. One, you didn't ask that. Do you feel like this could be the answer for you to try and sift out any uncertainty before you get into this?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm happy with everything you've spoken about. This is where we say I'm more than confident when we get you where you want to be because we've hooked you in. All right. I guess the only other question is when are hoping to get the ball rolling, right, uncovers any sort of reason as to why they can't start now so they can't come back and lie. Okay. So because I have full team involved, you know, pretty fast, it takes about 24 to 48 hours. So adding some urgency of when they could get started means we have plenty of time to prep both of the week and start fresh on Monday for you. The only other thing to do now is just run through the different packages to see what's going to sit best. I've got a couple of different options. We might as well start from the top and work our way through. Now, you'll notice that you said 5K, which is probably a saleable package for you. You need a heavy price anchor one. This one, we're not trying to sell. We're just trying to price anchor. If you are trying to price anchor, then you need to extend it out. You know, you said in this one, it's 5K for six months. Um, we're trying to price-sank it. So if you're going to say that's 5,000 for six months.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Make it a big number. We want the shock factor to hit them. Yeah. below that is my main package. I've got two spots available. All perfect for bodybuilding shows. It's 5k for six months. Um, I don't think that's necessary for you. Um, below that is my main pack. Yeah. Uh, to be honest though, like, um, also the urgency, um, the scarcity. Uh, now there is one, so let him sit with him for a second. Now there is one spot left available for that. Uh, but to be honest, like, I just don't think that's going to be very necessary for you. So, you know, we might as well just move on. Right. So what's available. That is, this is one-on-one calls, Monday to Sunday takes everything that we talked about. And instead of 5,000, it just is 3k. And that's Australian dollars. So average is about $5 a month. Okay. So you've already broke it down. shouldn't do that. I know you didn't technically break it down, but you phrased it as And that's for six months, you said? Six months coaching is correct. So, again, don't know how, is Tommy's similar to this?
xavier kelly: No, I think in the moment I added that line.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what I would do here is like, this is the one we're just trying to basically say the price, build trust by saying it's not for them. But with this one, we need to add, we want to add value here. So we want to contrast the price early. So, yeah, that brings us onto the Emerald Package. Now, this is still super comprehensive. It's really built to maximize support, accountability, and communication. If we're looking at the Emerald option for six months, it'd come at it to be about, depending on whether you're not wanting, you're actually going to try and sell this.
xavier kelly: All right.
Kyle Musca: It'd come at it to be about 5K. Now, with this, you're going to, and then go through all the features to show them the value, right, and get them to try and reframe on the value, not the price. That's why we get it out early. And then we say the guarantee. And obviously, you know, I back everything I do. So if you were to sign up, you know, follow the game plan and you don't achieve results you're absolutely stoked with, not only will I give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 your way just to waste your time, you know? And then AB. So I guess with all that being said, like which one, you know, which one of those options sort of jumped out to you?
xavier kelly: And they go, oh, yeah, maybe, you know, they're both pretty expensive. Oh, okay. Well, in that case, I do have a lady who's actually finished this week in the facts below. you want me to run you through that one?
Kyle Musca: No, because if you do that straight away, they'll be like, well, why didn't you just  say that at the start? And then you'll lose trust.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I guess price aside, like, you know, I guess price aside, like, do you see the value in the program? Yeah. Okay. And I'll scale up one to 10, you know, you go through that. Once you establish that they see the value in the program, it's just price. Okay. No worries. Now, depending on what you want What you Because you should have two downsells after this, no?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what you can do there is, depending on, again, whether or not you actually think that they're going to take that program or not, if you think it's like, you know, more than likely they're not going to be able to afford that, like, okay, no worries. Look, what I can do in that case is if, you know, the program is something that you want to do, which it sounds like it does, and it's just price that's sort of stopping you. I do have a goal package. Now, this is still very comprehensive. You know, everything we do is focused on quality over quantity. It's just a slight step down in terms of accountability and communication. So I don't know, again, Tommy's script probably definitely doesn't have it like this, but I, for you, I would basically copy this because this is how I do my course word for word.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you still get all the customized programming, all the custom nutrition built by nutritionists, of course. still get 24-7 texts and core communication and those weekly check-in calls. So all the We just wouldn't be doing that second weekly strategy call in the one-on-one educational series. And the other thing is I do open to a slightly wider group of people as well as a few other things. Cool. So, yeah, if we're going to look at that, that would bring it from $5,000 right down to $3,500. So, again, that covers the entire six months. There's no additional fees or charges on top of that. Would that be a little bit more reasonable for you? You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah. And then if they say, oh, you know, it's still expensive, you would then go back to, okay, well, you know, you would go into the value versus logistics, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: Or fee versus logistics. And then after that, you'd go, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, ideally, you'd want to break it down into smaller things before you get in. You want But have it broken down before you get into few adverse logistics, right? Because then, so, for example, let's say, like, just role play with me. Would that be a little bit more reasonable for you?
xavier kelly: It would be a little bit more reasonable, but it's still difficult.
Kyle Musca: It's still a lot. Yeah, in terms of, like, the expenses or, like, the investment?
xavier kelly: Yes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I got you. And I just want to, like, make sure we're on the same page because at the end of the day, like, if it's just not something that you don't want to do, then that's absolutely fine as well. Is the program something that you want to do and it's just sort of purely finances that is holding you back?
xavier kelly: Yes. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. That makes sense. Well, look, what I can do in that situation is I do work with a billing company. It kind of looks like Afterpay. Essentially, we can bring them on and that just helps it break down. So it's a lot easier on cash flow. Let me just quickly pull up. Would you? Do even want to look at that in the first place?
xavier kelly: Like how would we split it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so they've got the – I wouldn't be sharing my screen. Yeah, so they've got their own payment breakdowns. Let me just pull that up. They wouldn't obviously see this, but I do do this, so it looks like I'm looking at stuff. Yeah, okay, cool. So, yeah, so for the six-month gold package, instead of, yeah, that $3,500 all in one go, we could bring that right down to just $1,500, so you'd be saving $2,000 there. And then that would – yeah, so we could cover the $1,500, and then we wouldn't officially start till next Monday. So the first repayment wouldn't be till a month after that. It's like five weeks ago, ages away. And that would just be $400 a month, so that'd be super easy on cash flow. Would that be a little bit more reasonable to get started?
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah. And then let's just role-play if I said – So I actually work with a billing provider so that we can break this up to make it a little bit easier on cash flow. I can pull up that page and give you some options. Do you want me to pull that up?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like you basically just ask for permission because we're just trying to get a little yes out of them. Yeah. I do work with a billing provider just to help break it down a little bit. Would you want to have a look at that? Yeah. Okay, cool.
xavier kelly: Yeah. And then would you say like, do you want to have look at that? Yeah. Okay, cool. Well, I can get that up now. Is it worth me bringing it up right now?
Kyle Musca: You just say, as soon as they say, yeah, like, yeah, sweet. Okay. Let me just have a little look at what they have.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah. So for the six-month gold package, instead of $3,500, we could cover $1,500 so that you'd be saving $2,000 there. And then we wouldn't officially start till Monday, which means the first repayment wouldn't be for a month after that. Yeah. Five weeks away, ages away, and then it would be just 400 months from that.
xavier kelly: So it makes it way easier on cash flow.
Kyle Musca: Would that be a little bit more reasonable?
xavier kelly: Yeah, that would be a lot more reasonable for me to get started, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. Did you want to run with that?
xavier kelly: Well, I would... Can I think about it? Can I text you tomorrow and have a talk to my partner?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely, absolutely. Are you sure tomorrow is enough time? You don't want to push back maybe a week or something?
xavier kelly: No, I'd rather start as soon as possible.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, that's no stress. And, you know, I assume you probably can have some questions for me after chatting with your partner.
xavier kelly: I guess, what was it specifically that you wanted to speak with them about? Well, just finances. Like, we have a joint bank account and... You know, we're looking at, you potentially having a kid and, you know, buying a house, that sort of stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. And I guess on that, like, does your partner know that we're speaking today?
xavier kelly: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. And I guess, like, you're going to know your partner a lot better than I do. Do you feel like they would be supportive of you doing something like this?
xavier kelly: No. The answer I got on my call was, oh, you know, he doesn't really care. Like, I'm just doing this for me. He doesn't, you know, he loves me no matter what, but he doesn't really understand.
Kyle Musca: Well, let's run with it. Okay. So I guess, like, okay, so it sounds like it's something that you primarily want to do. What happens if you go and ask your partner and he says no?
xavier kelly: I would be upset.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then, like, what would you do after that?
xavier kelly: I would ask him why.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Like, let's say you have this whole conversation with him and he just says, no, you're not doing it.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: What would you do then?
xavier kelly: I would be honestly a little bit offended.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. I mean, like, it is completely up to you. at the end of the day, I don't want you to land you in the doghouse. But from what it sounds like, you know, your partner is already going to say no if you go and ask him. So, I mean, to me, kind of sounds like if you want to do this, you'd just be setting yourself up to failure if you did that. So, I guess, before we even go any further, I guess, do you actually have the power to be able to invest in yourself if it's something you actually want to do? Obviously, if it's the budget, you know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah, if it's within budget, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And just so I'm on the same page, because at the end of the day, I want you to walk away today feeling really confident in the decision that you've made in your best interest. If at any point you just feel like the program's not for you, just tell me, shut up, and we can wrap the call up then, right? Right. So I guess just so I'm on the same page, is it a matter of you do actually have the 1500 physically available to you and you just need to make sure it works with your other bills and stuff? Or is it a matter of like you just don't have those funds available and it's, you know, you need to kind of figure out where you're going to find them?
xavier kelly: Um, I do have the 1500, but it's, it's cutting it close, um, on the, on, you know, what I would be comfortable parting ways with, my partner's permission.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I can. And to be honest, look, I really appreciate you being upfront and honest with me because at the end of the day, like, as I said, I don't want you to jump off this call and you're just stressing heavily about finances. That's not going to help anyone, especially if it's going to land you in trouble. So, okay, look, what we could do in that case is if $1,500 would be cutting it close, I'm just looking at some other options I have. So instead, right, we could do instead of $400 a month, could do $500 a month. And what that would allow us to do is instead of doing the $1,500 a day, we could bring that down to just a case. So you'd be saving $500 there. It would give you a lot more leeway to cover those, you know, other expenses and things that might pop up. Would that be a little bit more reasonable for you to actually get started?
xavier kelly: It's still a lot. I didn't know what to expect coming into this call in terms of what this would cost. And it was a lot more than I did anticipate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Nog. And, you know, at the end of the day, it wouldn't be a life-changing decision if it didn't feel a little bit daunting to actually invest into, right? So I guess, like, well, do you mind if I challenge you on that perspective?
xavier kelly: Sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So from where I'm sort of sitting, and I hope you don't, like, I very much don't mean to, you know, come across too strong here or overstep, but from where I'm sitting, you said that, you know, you want to make the change. The program is something that you want to do. You said that the 1500 was cutting it close. So we're going to have to save you $500 there to make it easier on you. What it seems like to me right now is, like, right now you're walking around an island, right? It's a deserted island. There's no way off. You've tried everything under the sun. You've done the SOS. You've tried making your makeshift raft. You've tried signaling every single way you can to get off this island. Nothing's worked. I've come across with a cruise ship here that's going to take you to the mainland so you can get on with living the best life that you want to live, right? For that right now, it's just a K, right? Which you already know that you have in your little chest back on the island, right? I guess the question is, are you going to sort of jump on that cruise ship and you're going to let me sail you to the Holy Land so we can get this sorted for you? Or are you going to keep conserving, you know, what little you have, I guess, and walking around this island, hoping that a solution magically comes across? And realistically, the only way it seems that that is actually going to happen is if another cruise ship comes along, which more than likely is going to be the same price, if not more expensive. And the only other thing you lose in that process is the six months, 12 months, or maybe even 18 months that you choose to waste on this island. So I guess, what decision are you going to make? going to jump on the cruise ship or are you going to play it safe and stay on the island?
xavier kelly: I'm going to jump on the cruise ship.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. What did you want to run that option then?
xavier kelly: Is there any other option?
Kyle Musca: Um, there, I'm having a look at it. Like the only other option there is we do 600 a month and that would bring it right down to 500 a month. But I guess, you know, in my experience working with a lot of other, you know, people, uh, usually the ones that get like cover more of it out of the way gets them very focused because in a way the investment itself does act as a really good accountability tool because I don't know about you, but I know if I'm spending money on something, I'm to make sure I get my  money's worth, right? Yeah. Yeah. So I guess completely up to you. Um, did you want to run with the, the, the medium option or where are you at?
xavier kelly: Um, if we could do this, the 600 option with the 500 monthly, then, then I can get started.
Kyle Musca: I can do that. Yeah. Okay. Well, cool. Do you want to run with that then?
xavier kelly: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Cool. I'll send you a link.
xavier kelly: And I could just do that on WAP in that moment, right?
Kyle Musca: Because then I could just suck it. Yeah. I usually like to try and get them to do something. So if it was me, I'd like, cool. So I'll send you a count activation thing. And it's going to take about two seconds. It's going to take us about like a minute or two.
xavier kelly: It's just going to get the last little piece of information I need.
Kyle Musca: So while they're doing that, then I go into Stripe and I create the payment link.
xavier kelly: So what'd you say? You send them to do something for two minutes?
Kyle Musca: I just get, I create, so for me, my system, my app has an account activation. So they go through like the onboarding questions of their height, their age, their weight.
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'm like, I'll send you that. You quickly power that. It's going to give me the last couple of pieces of information I need from you. And then while they're doing that, that gives me time to go create the link. So one, it gives me time, obviously, but it also allows me to get them to commit a little bit further by taking action on something before they make payment.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Taking action. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Here. Awesome. I'm just setting up your account right now.
Kyle Musca: You should just get an email. Cool. Click that. Click that button. Download that. So you need to justify why they're on the phone. So you need to justify why they need to stay on the phone. Okay.
xavier kelly: So I can get, okay.
Kyle Musca: So more information.
xavier kelly: So I can get some more information or the final information.
Kyle Musca: And I should say final piece of information, then I'll have everything I need to get to work. Sorry.
xavier kelly: A little tweak, but yeah, now I need to get to work whilst they're doing that. I'm either, I'm pretty sure if I just send them the $1 link, it automatically says their information as a customer straight away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it does. Yeah. To be honest though, like I wouldn't get into the habit of doing that because you want them to pay on the phone because they might not have enough funds on their bank account, which you need to be able to call them out for. Because if they get off the phone, then you've only walked away with a dollar. And they haven't committed. At least if it fails on the phone, you'd be like, oh, well, it's just coming back with insufficient funds. Was that the right card?
xavier kelly: Yeah, when they filled out the $1 card, the one, or you are, yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, I would create, like, if they agree with $500 to put it down there, I would send them a $500 link. Because if you only take a dollar, they might not have $500 on their card. So if you try to do it after and it fails, then they can just ghost you, right? Like, want to, while they've, they've just agreed to move forward and make the payment. So that's the best time to collect payment from them.
xavier kelly: Right.
Kyle Musca: Because if they sit there, because if you get off the phone, like, even five minutes of them sitting there, knowing that $500 is going to come out, they'll overthink it, and they'll try and pull out from that reason. So it's like, if they've agreed to the payment, take payment.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, I think the method of the cycles, the objection cycling, it's definitely something I haven't done enough reps for. So it's like, from what I've remembered from this call, it's you go into, okay, well, this is my price anchor, blah, blah, blah. This is what it's included. But I don't really think this is what's necessary for you, so we can just skip that. Which brings us to my Emerald package, which is super comprehensive, focusing on accountability and everything. Instead of 10,000, it's just 5K for six months.
Kyle Musca: Would you want to run with that one? Which one? So with all that being said, which options have jumped out to you?
xavier kelly: Yeah, which options have you jumped out to? Oh, both of them are pretty expensive. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then see how in the objection handle...
xavier kelly: program? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: See how in the objection handle, I was just very... The entire way.
xavier kelly: Like I tried to make a joke.
Kyle Musca: I tried to laugh, break the ice, break the tension a little bit. And I consistently gave them an out. Like, if you don't want to do this, you just tell me, shut up. We can wrap the call up. You know what mean? I appreciate you being honest with me. At the end of the day, last thing I want to do is make you super financially stressed and, you know, get in the doghouse with the partner.
xavier kelly: Okay. So it's like, yeah, yeah, cool. Well, like, let's just put the price aside. The program itself, is this something that you want to do?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
xavier kelly: Okay. Okay. And when it comes to the hesitancy on the program, is it just purely finance related?
Kyle Musca: So technically they already said that, like, if it's price aside, is the program something you want to do, then like that's finances aside. So it's like, then you do the, and just say I'm on the same page.
xavier kelly: And just so I'm on the same page as you, on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being, I've just completely wasted your time and I should just hang up and 10, this program is perfect and I'm going to get the results exactly how I envision them. Whereabouts do you think you're sitting on that?
Kyle Musca: So keep it about them, but not how I envision them. I always do 10 first and then make a joke on one.
xavier kelly: So it's like, 10 out of 10, this program is perfect.
Kyle Musca: It's exactly what you're looking for. I couldn't add anything to it, even if I tried. And one is I'm just a complete dickhead. I've completely missed the mark and it's just not what you're looking for. So I make a joke. I laugh about it.
xavier kelly: Right.
Kyle Musca: I guess, where are we sitting on that scale?
xavier kelly: Okay. So where are we sitting on that scale? Then I'll say?
Kyle Musca: Probably like a seven.
xavier kelly: I mean, seven's pretty high. Why isn't it lower?
Kyle Musca: Well, I just really like the communication. You know, you said you're available 24-7, Monday through to Sunday, which I think is awesome. And I think the one-to-one coaching calls would also be really, really helpful. And I just love all your recipes.
xavier kelly: Okay. So just so this is clear, you really like the accountability and the recipes and you see the value in the program.
Kyle Musca: One thing I'll do there quickly is just, okay, that's awesome. Okay. I guess like what would you like to see to make it a 10?
xavier kelly: Okay. Yeah. Okay, cool. I mean, yeah, that's awesome. And it's like, what do you think is missing to make it a 10?
Kyle Musca: Oh, probably just the price.
xavier kelly: Okay. Cool. That makes sense. Well, that being said, I do have another option. And instead of the Emerald Package, we'll go to my Gold Package. And then Gold Package, instead of being $5,000, it's just free. 3.5K. And that's super comprehensive. It includes all the accountability that you really like. That's much better on the price side. Would that be a little bit more reasonable for you to get started?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So with that, I would quickly add in like the features of it quickly. So you still get the 24-7 text and call, sorry, 24-7 text and call option or whatever.
xavier kelly: You didn't say that for the animals. Don't add it now.
Kyle Musca: 24-7 text, Monday to Sunday. We still do our weekly check-in calls. The biggest thing is we just wouldn't be doing that second weekly strategy call, whatever you  said in the first one, right?
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah. So we wouldn't do the second weekly strategy call, but it has all the accountability support and the recipes that you really like. And the price is a fair chunk less. Would that be a little bit more reasonable for you to get started?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So again, just price-sync like you did in the first one. So $5,000. Yeah, it would just be $3,500. So you'd be saving. What? $1,500 to stop that. Would that be a little bit more reasonable before you get it started? Yeah, I think it would be, yeah.
xavier kelly: Okay. So you want to run with that?
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's a lot. Do you mind if I just have a night to sort of ask my partner?
xavier kelly: Okay. And just curious, with your partner? Yeah, , I've already  it. I need a script. need to just remember something like I've already.
Kyle Musca: So when it's, I need to think about it, or my partner, you can't go back into an objection handle then, because if you do, their guard will go straight up. So you just give them the time. Yeah, that's no stress. I guess, how long do you feel like you need to have that chat with your partner?
xavier kelly: Oh, I could probably have it today.
Kyle Musca: Okay, sure. Is that enough time? Maybe we can chat in a week or so?
xavier kelly: No, no, no. I can do it fast.
Kyle Musca: I'll see him. nice. Okay. Fantastic. And then isolate the objection. Okay. So I'm sure because, again, it's a smokescreen injection and he speaks to my partner. Again, I'm sure you probably have some questions for me after chatting with your partner. I guess, what was it specifically that you kind of wanted to run over with them?
xavier kelly: You know, we just have a joint bank account and, you know, we share a lot of finances.
Kyle Musca: Fair sense. So you can't just go into the finance objection handle still because they will always just come back to me to speak to my partner. So we need to quickly suss out what the relationship with the partner is. it's like, okay, gotcha. And I guess you're going to know your partner a lot better than I do, hopefully. One, does your partner know that you were even chatting today? Yes, no?
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: No. Do you feel like they would be supportive of you doing something like this?
xavier kelly: Majority of the time they'll say yes to that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Fantastic. Fantastic. And I guess, like, what happens if you go and ask your partner and they turn around and they say, no, you're not doing it?
xavier kelly: I would probably, I don't know. I would have to talk to them about why.
Kyle Musca: I'd to ask them why. Yeah. And I guess, well, that would be all in that conversation. Like, let's say we jump on tomorrow and you just come back and he's like, no, he said no. Like, what would you do then?
xavier kelly: Um, I would have to find a cheaper option.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And I guess like, well, have you ever heard the old saying is the difference between, um, cost versus price?
xavier kelly: Oh.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So essentially like if we were to look at it, right. And let's say you're going to buy a new bike, right. And the two options you have, uh, you can go buy this brand new bike, um, straight from the shop, uh, shop store. Um, it's the most recent model with all the most advanced. Tech on it. It does exactly what you want to do. And you know, it's not going to have any problems because it's brand new, right? And they've got a guarantee that if the problems do arise, you will either get your money back or you get a brand new bike. Or you could go buy a secondhand one of Gumtree or Marketplace, right? And then when you get it, the chain's rusted, the pedals don't work, the seat's broken, so you get to stick up your , the chassis broke, and the handlebars are misaligned, so you can't even ride in a straight line, right? And yes, you spend a fraction of the price getting the Marketplace bike, but by the time you spend all the time and money, you know, repairing it, getting all the new parts for it, you know, you don't even want to ride the  bike because you put all the effort into it and it's just not been a good experience, right?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I guess like, and by that time, you know, repairing it, you've spent more money than the new bike costed, right? Just trying to figure out how to ride the  thing. So I guess like, which option do you kind of want? Do you want to go for a cheap option that's probably not going to get you the results you want? Or would you rather just sort of invest the time and energy and resources into yourself now so you can do it properly, so you only have to do it once, so you never struggle with this problem again?
xavier kelly: I'd rather go for the good program.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So I guess, like, what are you going to do then?
xavier kelly: I'm going to, I'm going to have to, I have to talk to my partner. I'm sorry. It's just, it's quite, it's quite an investment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I understand that. I appreciate you being honest, like, um, the last thing I want to do is, like, you end up in the doghouse, right? So I guess it comes back to, like, what happens if you go ask your partner and he just says no?
xavier kelly: Well, then I'm going to have to find out if rocked him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I guess, well, I mean, you've just established you probably don't want to go for a cheaper option, so I guess what would you do specifically?
xavier kelly: exactly. Ah, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: I guess I can't let that happen. Yeah, because I see this all the time, like on these calls and just in general day-to-day life, right? People are very vague about what they're actually going to do. They don't have an actual plan or strategy in place to solve the issue. And when there's no plan in place, it basically means failure is inevitable, right? Because it sounds good in theory that I'm just going to get it done. I'm going to get it sorted. But again, without a plan, it's pretty meaningless. So I guess let's break this down before we wrap things up, because I want to see you succeed. Like, if he says no, and you know that you don't want to go for a cheap option, this is going to waste your time. Like, what are you going to do to actually solve this problem?
xavier kelly: Just settle for a cheaper option, I guess. That's like my only thing I can do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. And, well, I guess, okay, that's fair enough. I guess that's fair enough. And I guess just so I'm on the same page with you, if it is just a purely... Financial thing. I really do want to see you succeed. And it sounds like you want to do this program. All right. And if that's the case, then, you know, I'd love to see you help you do it. And if not, like that's just, that's just life sometimes. Right. Look, I'm just having a look at the options they have instead of the, have we even broken it down to the 1500 year?
xavier kelly: I don't even think we've done that. No, I don't. I don't. I don't think we went logistics.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So look, what we can do is I work with a billing company and what kind of works like after pay, right? Just breaks down, makes it way easier. Would you want to have a look at that?
xavier kelly: Yeah, let's have a look at that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Fantastic. So just having a look. Yeah, sweet. So what we could do is instead of the three and a half thousand, which, you know, I understand there's quite a lot to cover in one go, we could bring that right down to just 1500. So you'd be saving $2,000 right there. And then we wouldn't officially start till Monday. So the first repayment wouldn't be for essentially like five weeks from now. It's like eight. And that would just be 400 a month from that point. So it makes it way easier on cashflow. Would that be a little bit more reasonable for you to get started?
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, cool. Do you want to run with that option next?
xavier kelly: Yes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome. Are you sure?
xavier kelly: I think so, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah? Okay, cool. Let's get it done then.
xavier kelly: Cool.
Kyle Musca: So you notice how even if they're a little bit hesitant, I'll be like, are you sure? Like, I want them to reinforce the decision they've made. I mean, even when I make a close, the last thing I say to them before I get off the call is, I want to make sure you're absolutely confident in the decision you've made today. Is there anything that you want to cover or anything you have, like, any concerns about before we dive in?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it reinforces the behavior that they've made the decision. And it also gets them to uncover anything that they might be feeling that they haven't So it helps reduce the buyer's remorse.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So again, see how everything I'm doing is very passive.
xavier kelly: I'm very friendly. I'm giving amounts.
Kyle Musca: I'm not being very confrontational. I'm just giving them options and I'm working towards a solution.
xavier kelly: Yeah. I think I need to write down a bit of a bigger script in terms of options because it's not in the front of my mind. Like I haven't got the reps in to be able to have that neuron signal when I hear those words and my brain fires. Like with solar, if I hear a certain word, I'm just like, boom, I just know what to say. But with this, it's just like my neurons are not firing, bro. I just get  like complete mind blank. Like I'm Eminem on a  rap mic. to choke. And yeah, it's just going through those cycles. Is it fear of logistics, downplay? Using scarcity, then don't use commitment language and just having that script so that I just stick to it because I'm trying to like follow all these rules in my head as I go and it's like I just need to remember the script verbatim so that it just flows out.
Kyle Musca: I would follow the script word for word because it means you don't have to think about what to say next so you can intently listen to them, take all the mental notes you need or ideally physical notes as well. and then that way you know when it does get to the next stage you've intently listened to them and it's like okay sweet and you know I guess like I guess why now though like why not just keep pushing you know what mean like you don't have to think about what's next because you can just read it and like it should you should already know like what to say for the most part like because you've done it before but it just sort of helps you keep on pace you know what I mean like you should you should be able to very quickly like read this part for example and know the questions.
xavier kelly: I'll see you next time. I've got a call with a guy later. He's from the UK. And I sent him a message and I said, like, hey, bro, like, he says something about like financial, like, so how much does it cost or like being stingy? So I just sent him a message, voice memo, like, yeah, bro, like, with this program, like, what do you think is valuable to lose this 20 kilos? Like, what do you feel like you could afford a week to have a coach there for you every day and guarantee results? And keep in mind, it should feel like a little bit of a financial sting. So that you're actually invested in the program. And he said about like $80 to $100. So maybe that's even pounds. I don't know. So I'm going to, that calls at six and he will be like a, at least a six month offer. How many weeks is that? was like 24 weeks at 80 pounds. Let's just say it's US dollars, 120. It's like a three and a half. Half K, that's perfect. Try that. But I'll anchor them at the 10K, say, and then the one below is five. Try to...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I don't know specifically what's on Tommy's script. I don't know how different it is from this one. But especially for you, I would, from the closing, I would read everything word-to-word on the script.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The only thing that might change is what you actually offer in it.
xavier kelly: Yeah. So what, yeah, that was something that I'm confused about because I'm like downgrading, but I'm like, , like, can't, like, I don't want to go to bi-weekly calls too early because that just, like, massively decreases their chance of success in the program. So is it on the top, top package, include, like, a, a second bi-weekly strategy call where we, like, do what? Well, what are the extras on those top packages?
Kyle Musca: So for mine... Um, the extras are the second strategy call, which one maps out every single hour for their week. So if they work heaps, it's like, this is exactly when you're going to be working, when you're going to be sleeping, when you're going to be training, when your meals should be, when you're going to be spending time with the kids, yada, yada, yada. So it maps it out hour by hour. Then it also is a weekly educational course where we cover a specific topic one-to-one and how that practically applies to your life. So it's the theory, but also the practical application. Cool.
xavier kelly: And you'll just go through like protein, training, nutrition, reps and reserve, like random .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Like I actually have a, like a video course that's in my app that I, my coaches run through with them, like one-to-one. It's like, um, so I run through each topic, you know, how to build a training split, numbers of sets and reps for growth, apply progressive overload, how to train. Stop training just to sweat and start training with intent. Yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda.
xavier kelly: Okay, cool. So you offer like a bi-weekly strategy call. I don't know if I can offer that. Maybe, is there anything else you can offer? Maybe I just offer like a weekly training I can do and I can do it on the fly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you just  throw them whatever.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, they're not going to really well.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I'll just say like the top package includes weekly, photo check-ins as well, and, you know, stuff like that. I don't think it's necessary for you. So why don't we just go to this next package and talk about that. Out of those two, which one jumped out to you? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So it's just like having a bit of a think about like just what you want to offer and what's going to be reasonable for you. So I get my coaches to do it. It's obviously reasonable for me to do it, but if I was coaching myself, then that would be very reasonable to do.
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah, . , , , . Okay. Well, I got the setters in the account, I believe, today or tomorrow, like proper with the SOPs, and I've got that Loom video for the pre-closed video finished, basically. So it's kind of guns a-blazing, right? Kind of at that point where it should kind of at least 2x or 3x in terms of what I'm currently doing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, as long as she's performing, you've obviously just got to make sure to read those conversations, make sure they're being done right, because she should have someone in there, but you don't want to leave that gap open. You just want to make sure it's up and running properly, and then you can kind of step back a little bit.
xavier kelly: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
xavier kelly: That's great.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, All right, well... Yeah, if you have any other questions on it, just let me know.
xavier kelly: Thank you, Brian. appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: You enjoy your evening. You too, man. Chat soon.
xavier kelly: Bye. Bye.


>>> 175/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-22T05:04:33Z | id:139980203
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. How are going?
Ben Moore: Oi, oi, what's going on, legend?
Kyle Musca: Too much of yourself.
Ben Moore: Mate, living the dream. solid week, eh?
Kyle Musca: That's good. That's too. Cool, man. We'll dive into things. We'll cover the onboarding process and everything like that to reduce buyer's remorse. Did you get that check-in form done?
Ben Moore: No, I didn't even... Where did it come through on? I did do the CEO dashboard stuff. I got all that done. But I don't know. I didn't see anything pop up. Again, I have been on back-to-back calls today, so I've been just kind of skimming over things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's not good. Have you added me back as a contact?
Ben Moore: Oh, that could be fine. On what platform?
Kyle Musca: WhatsApp.
Ben Moore: Okay, maybe that's why. Let me have a quick...
Kyle Musca: Do you have your, do you want to send me through your CEO dashboard? We'll check that out.
Ben Moore: I did send that through to your email. shared that with you on Sheets. So it should have come through on your email. Some of the data is not going to be super accurate, especially with the cash flow because we booked, because last week when we were getting all the ad stuff, it was all booking for this week and a lot of them booked at the back end of this week. So we've only collected cash from one of the ad's calls so far, but I'll talk you through what that looks like anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's it. What I would do, oh yeah, okay, cool. What I would do there is, because we're going to have these calls on Wednesday, I'd probably do it for Tuesday to Tuesday.
Ben Moore: Yeah, and that's what, oh, okay, yeah. So, yeah, all right, let's do that. That'd be the easiest way to do it. I can adjust that now. I don't even know. Yeah, 86, 22 minutes. So, Tuesday to Tuesday, 86. Total ad book is just 22, which is correct.
Kyle Musca: No problems filling it out.
Ben Moore: It all makes sense there. Yeah, yeah, that all makes sense. I've added you back as a contact as well on there, so, but that should be all good on that side of things.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so we'll just break things down. So, yeah, how many calls over the last week from ads, 22 it looks?
Ben Moore: So, 22 just from ads alone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, super, and that's very nice. How many of those 22 calls have, like, been either taken or no-showed?
Ben Moore: We've had no no-shows from ads, which is  awesome. Had two cancel out, so it was, they canceled out. Purely because they're like, I don't actually think I need you. So we're trying to kind of get them back on the calls, but two cancelled out. But the rest have been pretty good. We've had how many from ads? One, two, three calls taken, three, four calls taken just from ads already this week. The rest are today, tomorrow, Friday, and Saturday. So we're  stacked out those days.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. Now, with them cancelling and stuff, what I just replied there is like, yeah, that's no stress, man. It's completely up to you. These calls are really just to sort of break down where you're at and where you want to go and everything like that. And I try and give it as much value as possible on them. So my advice would be to still show up to it. Worst case comes to worst, you leave the call with a lot more clarity. And that way you can make an informed decision on what you think is going to be best for you.
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah, I like that. That's a good way of framing it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, usually when they're doing that, they're just talking themselves out of it. You know, I mean, it's just anxiety, nerves build up. be if OK. And then, They're probably the people that need it most.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's it. I'll probably, I'll talk to you about this in a second, but yeah, I have found that with the ads, they're probably, compared to organic, they're a little bit more of an anxious crowd, I've found, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they're a colder audience. Yeah. They're not going to be as bought into you just yet.
Ben Moore: The other thing that you mentioned there, how soon are you booking these people out from usually, like in terms of concept? Well, at the moment, that's what we're having struggles with, because we're trying to, I was going to talk to you about this today, because it's like, we're already booking for next Monday, which I don't like. But just because my calendar is completely full, so I can't fit anyone in. Everyone we got in is like kind of ideal. So, yeah, I don't really know what to do there.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, a couple of things there. Yeah, so speed to lead is critical in terms of like the sooner you get them on the call. Anything further than three days out, realistically, you'll start to increase no-shows. So, obviously, if you've fully booked out, I mean, there's not so much you can do about that. We'll give it more time, get some more clients on, and then, like, if it makes sense, we can bring on a closer if, you know, we've seen the lead volumes consistently there, which it is looking good for us. The other thing that I'm recently doing, and I've only really sort of implemented this over the last week, but it has been working really well when you do have the call volume, is, so your setters are sending out the night before message, yeah?
Ben Moore: Yeah, so we've got the night before, hour before, and then 10 minutes before, all on Insta as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I've done is mine send out the night before message, and then they check it first thing in the morning. If they haven't replied back to it, saying they've watched the videos, or just replied back in some way or another, just be like, hey, hey, bro, or whatever. Hey, bro, just got someone looking to book in that, you know, wanting to log in that 4 p.m. spot or something like that. I'll show you my exact wording, actually.
Ben Moore: Okay. Kind of putting a little bit of urgency around that spot as well, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but then like if they don't reply two hours after that, my setters reach out to other people that are booked further in advance. So not like tomorrow or the day after, like further out or in new conversations that they're having. And if they can replace that booking, then they just cancel that booking and they replace it.
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah, I like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's like, if they don't reply, it's just, you know,  waste time.
Ben Moore: We haven't had anyone not reply yet. So I think when we get more data, we'll see. But everyone that we're going to get needs keen. Like they're really keen. Like all their scores on like out of 10, how much do you want to make this change? They're all like 10s or 9s. they're all being shown up and like communicating if they need to reschedule and all those kind of things, which has been pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. I think most of these guys sort of, actually, this guy's a good example. Go to the cancel. That makes more sense, eh? Yeah, so since it's been doing this, the show up rate has been, like, really, really good.
Ben Moore: Okay. Obviously, still very early, but... Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you can see, like, this guy didn't really get back to us. The close set has even did this. This is the other good thing it does, like, unintentionally, is, like, if they have booked a little bit further out, then it kind of touches base with them in the meantime. You know what I mean? Like, by just saying, like, about a spot, open up if you're keen on it. So it just keeps them kind of semi-warm. Send the night before message. He didn't reply. Hey, bro, getting heaps of guys wanting to book that spot this afternoon, so can you let me know if it's good for the call?
Ben Moore: If I haven't heard back in the next couple of hours, I may have to give the spot to someone else. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: He didn't reply till four hours after that. By that point, he'd already been cancered and already replaced.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Came back, it was a bit of a tosser about it.
Ben Moore: So, no, don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: It's like, I don't think you're a human on the other side. I had some guy yesterday tell me, like, yeah, I've been with two coaches in the DMs. And he's like, I've been with two coaches. like, I don't want another coach. You guys don't help me. And I was like, I just replied to him. was like, no need to be a dick, brother, but it's not going to be a good fit anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I mean, that's a good thing when you're not desperate for clients. It's just like, you know, if you're going to be a ,  off.
Ben Moore: Oh, man, I've got a pretty unique, like, I wouldn't say unique, but we've got a pretty good, like, bunch of lads and ladies in there. So it's like, I want people that are going to come and add to that, not like , just be a  loser the whole time. It's just like, dude, you've to involve yourself in the community, get on the wings, all the stuff. But we want everyone getting around each other.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. 100%. And usually, like, those types of clients anyway, usually want everything for cheap. And then they just want  everything, you know, handed. Like, they're just annoying.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Now, in terms of go high level, no, you've already, yeah, it only makes sense to implement my automation strategy. When. So you've got a closer on, so we don't even look at that at the moment. Cool, man. Yeah, so that's kind of what I'm doing. It seems to work really, really well.
Ben Moore: Awesome. Okay. That's good because we've got our center on the 24-hour reminders now, which is awesome because, yeah, we were almost kind of doing that already, anyone that wasn't. But we're at a point at the moment because our organic is hectic as well. It's like we'll get someone cancelled and then that spot's literally picked up again in like two minutes, which is a good issue to have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you can speak to them same day, get them on, like the show-up rate is basically guaranteed. One thing I also removed from my, I'm not sure if we might have done this already because I did this a few weeks ago, so the deals might actually be already like this. But one thing I did is remove that question where it basically says like, will you 100% be able to make that time?
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because I found like people were saying yes to it, but it didn't really do anything. You know, like you're Just added extra friction into it and started to make it seem a little bit robotic or salesy. So since then, I just pulled that out, kept it real casual, pulled out the link as well, because you send them. Well, what I'm actually doing is once they reply to this message, actually, I've got it in here. Once they reply to that message, then they send the link. So it's like, awesome, bro, looking forward to chatting.
Ben Moore: Here's the link to make it easier. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So they send out the number four, so we actually send them something. And also just removes the friction out of this, because otherwise it was like, if you have any issues jumping on, let me know. It's on Google Meet. Here's the link to make it easier. Does that make sense? And it just started to look a little bit too blocky. So it's like, just pulled it back, made it nice and casual, just to keep it nice and human.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's awesome. That's pretty much what we had anyway. just adjusted the script slightly for kind of the way I talk anyway. So that works out pretty well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
Ben Moore: Yeah, course.
Kyle Musca: Ian, shall I raise him?
Ben Moore: Yeah, shall I raise him? , like, I feel like I've had a no-show for  ages. I'm going have a look.
Kyle Musca: We won't jinx it.
Ben Moore: Give it a month or two and then it'll be a different story. But yeah, we're like 15% no-show rate, give or take.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, . All right, that's really soft. Okay. Cool, man. So in terms of the onboarding process, so run me through, like, what your current onboarding process, like, let's say they sign right there and then, like, what happens?
Ben Moore: So essentially what we do on the call, we're very kind of next step action. Now, why I ask this question is  funny. I message you this question. I had a guy sign him up yesterday and I knew as soon as I signed him up, I was like, he's going to  cancel tomorrow. I can guarantee it. It was just, like, really nervy dude. He was one of our ads guys. Anyway, got him in. I got him on the onboarding call this morning and he's all good now. He was just really nervous about, like, failing again and all this stuff. So I had to just reassure him that he's got 24-7 ads. He to me, if we need to jump on a call and have a discussion, he's worried we can do that. And that just seemed to fix him up. But yeah, he was like, he actually sent me a cancel message this morning. I just jumped on the call with him and said, hey, look, man, like, you know, you're canceling. You messaged me yesterday and on the call, you were so keen to start and you wanted to make change because you're  sick of way you're living. You've told me you're 60 pounds overweight, you hate your life. Like, what's quitting going to do? And he's like, oh, that's a good point. And I said, look, at the end of the day, man, it's like, I'm not going to force you in which way, but, you know, you wanted to make change. And you want to make change. This is a step. It's a scary step. It's always going to be a scary step. Anyway, he ended up staying on. So that's why I asked her. our onboarding process, it's kind of pretty like, I guess now I've added a couple of things to it the last few months. But essentially on the call, we'll get them in the app. So we'll get them set up their account, make the payment, obviously, first, get them into the account, set up the app for them. So they've got app access. They've actually got something there. We then book our onboarding call for the next day. So. We always do it 24 hours or 12 hours, just even the same day if they can. We just book it straight away, which gives us time. kind of tell them, hey, we have an onboarding message, which has a welcome video, which kind of runs them through the next steps, what to expect. Then they also have an onboarding form they have to fill out. Now, after that onboarding form is done, I kind of shoot them a message and say, hey, next steps are pretty simple. I'm going to build out all the plan on the back end. We usually have a couple of hour turnaround time to get everything right, and then everything will be presented on your onboarding call. Then we also get them as well, depending on the onboarding call times, we'll start getting just doing some walks and stuff that week. So they know, hey, like your next actual thing is starting to track your water, starting to track your walks. So they've got something because we don't start to the previous Monday. And I found that has just stopped the buyer's remorse because a lot of people get on, would be waiting around for a week, kind of like, what the  am I doing? And they've got too much time to think. So we kind of get into a walk and track them water the first week. And then we also run through three days. So day one's all that nutrition, how to use the app, where to find their meal plans, how to track their calories, how to adjust meals to kind of use our recipe library. Day two is all that training, how to train properly, the stimulus ramming for what reps and reserve mean, how we find that out. I just said the whole thing. So we kind of run them through an education process. And then we have a prep day, which goes, hey,  prepped. And then a message before I start Monday saying, all automated, just saying, hey, kicking off things tomorrow, make sure everything's ready. Any questions, queries, let me know. And then that's pretty much it. So that's been a build-out over the last few months because I was having probably at one point there, probably every five clients we'd put on, I'd probably lose two just to buy us remorse. Like we were like losing them like  flies at one point there. So I had to really kind of dial that in. But that's kind of what we got now. So it's working okay. But I just wanted to ask if there was anything that you think needs to be added.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So a couple of things. One, right move. someone does try and pull out or anything, just get them on a call. You can't really save them. You Protects. One, you're doing a lot of things right, which is fantastic. The only things I would sort of recommend adding is like right at the end of the call before I wrap things up, I'm always like, well, man, before we wrap things up, I just want to, you know, make sure that you're feeling absolutely confident with the decision that you've made. Is there anything that, you know, may be making you feel a little bit uncertain or uneasy or anything like that you want to run through?
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? Because it either gives them the opportunity to voice any concerns or if they say no, they're keen and everything like that, it reinforces their decision. Right? So it's just me.
Ben Moore: Sorry, I just played this, mate. It's not me. Oh, . Sorry, mate. That was  up.
Kyle Musca: It's unsustainable. I'll run it in back. I didn't even hear about it. Yeah, that's not good. Yeah, so that's what I sort of run with just to make sure like because it also takes off the pressure and anxiety for them and like you've given them that. Make sure you're feeling absolutely confident with the decision you've made today, man. Is there anything that you want to chat about, anything you're feeling uncertain about, anything that you want to run over that you want to touch base on?
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: The second thing is, so this is my, this will get easier as well once you have coaches and  on board as well, because then you can have like more like necessary touch points, right?
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This is my onboarding here, right? So yours would obviously be different because you're not introducing them to anyone, but I get them to run through three things. So this is basically that video you have, the introductory video that basically shows them what to do and everything to set up the app. I also have this accountability form, which sounds like it is something that you already have as your onboarding form. Yeah. But what I would do for you is I would combine these two into one. So what's on your current onboarding form?
Ben Moore: So it's a, it's a pretty deep dive form. There's a few questions. There's Basically put, it'll be their goal, what they're trying to achieve, current lifestyle, how much time they have to train, what they kind of want to do for training, what they've done in the past. It's just pretty much like deep dive into their kind of like past history stuff. We went on in the course, so when I'm like sitting there building out their plan, I've got all that information. I'm to try and string together a thought from five calls ago. So it's a bit of a deep dive in or audit of their life or current lifestyle so we can kind of meet them where they're at and progress them.
Kyle Musca: One thing I would do for that as well, man, is I would connect Fathom up to your call. So they join like my Fathom is on this call. And then you can like set that up through Zapier and stuff. I've got the guy that can do it for you. And you can set up through Claude, Chagipity, or whatever you want to do. And then basically tell it to give you a big note summary of everything you've spoken about. So, for example, like every time one of my closers close the call. And again, this will be very useful, especially once you bring coaches on so they know what has been spoken about. Um, okay. I with anyone here, but let's go down to the bottom. Actually, no, it'll KM1. Even something like this. You know what mean? This is just like AI note summary from what actually was spoken about on the call.
Ben Moore: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep. So it just puts them into one big, like, nice note for you. Depends on how much information you really want to get out of that onboarding form. Because you also don't want them to sort of feel like they're having to re-answer all the same questions that they spoke about on the phone. You know what I Okay.
Ben Moore: Not the biggest, sort of, not the end of the world, but still.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what this does is, like, I call this my accountability form, right? Gets all their name, date, and do you have job form?
Ben Moore: No. Oh, yeah, we do this. We have, contract system. So I think, let me have a look at this. We don't have something like this yet. No.-bye.-bye.
Kyle Musca: Bye Thank Yeah, so if you do it, you don't need your phone, but if you do, I can send you this link and you can just download it straight into yours. But I do get like their name, their email, the phone, and address, everything like that. Then I ask them some questions. You can really ask whatever questions you want here. I just ask like, you know, what's your main roadblock, main goals? What's your promises to yourself? Why now? Again, just helps to reinforce why they've made the decision, right? Program agreement, you know, what package, what duration. They actually physically sign it. Yeah. And then usually I just press that, but then what I've got here is you can see this drop-down box. This has the entire contract embedded in it. Okay. So if you do get an absolute  of a client that comes back in three weeks and he's like, no, didn't sign anything I'm cancelling. It's like, well, you did literally sign a physical contract.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. Well, you get them to sign the contract on the call because I've had, we used to do something similar to that actually. Now you've shown me that. And people just wouldn't  like, they just wouldn't sign. They just go, Oh yeah, I'll do it later. And then they. They just, you'd be chasing them for like two weeks and then like, yeah, we used to have a few cunty clients, I would say is probably the word for them. They used to come in and be like, oh, I didn't sign anything, so I'm leaving. It was like,  hell, I couldn't hold them to it. So I get them to sign it on the call and like while they're kind of going through it, it's a very kind of in-depth one. But I just kind of run them over. Most of don't even read it. They just, as long as I tell them there's a cancellation policy, it goes over the commitment for the timeframe. And then there's a couple other little legislation things in there.
Kyle Musca: They're usually pretty good. They go, yeah, that's cool. I get that. Yeah. As long as it's not negatively affecting anything. I don't even talk about cancellation policies and everything like that because we're framing it as a, it's a six-month program for $3,500. You know what mean? Okay. is no, it's not a, because that implies that it's like, that is how much it is. That is the cost. That is the duration. It's not a subscription or anything like that where there needs to be a cancellation policy. Okay. If that makes sense.
Ben Moore: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I get that. Just the only thing I have on that is like, especially. Once you get into a colder audience and stuff, if they've just sort of made a commitment, they are feeling a little bit on edge and then you whip out, you know, contracts and cancellation policies and lock-in agreements and stuff, that can really spike anxiety. But again, if it hasn't been a problem, then it's not a problem.
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah, cool. Okay. That's good to know. I'll judge that based on how that goes because, yeah, again, I've only ever dealt with organic, so it's a little bit different pool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing, too, is like once my closer closes them, then I give them a call straight after and I basically explain that to them. So it's a little bit different because I tell them directly, like, go do these three things. Yeah. Like now. So, yeah, usually for my guys, I never really had any problems with people not signing that. I also think as well because it's not an actual contract. Most people don't see it as a contract. They see it as an accountability form and they're focused on this stuff. We're just kind of Trojan horsing it a little bit.
Ben Moore: Yeah. And it's. It's  actually really smart.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, do you use Newey or Stripe or anything like that?
Ben Moore: I use Stripe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So I don't know if your system has like an in-built contract. Mine does have an in-built contract into it. So they've already signed this as soon as they decide to move forward and they actually create their app by ticking the box, the T's and C's app.
Ben Moore: Yeah. I've got that all on TrainRise. So before they make a payment, comes up with a box they've got to tick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The issue with that though is people still like, didn't sign anything and it's not really, I mean, no contracts in this regard are very enforceable and they're not really worth chasing up anyway if they are. You can definitely have debt collectors on. Do you have debt collectors?
Ben Moore: Yeah. Well, we don't have them, but yeah, I know a company that we can use.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. I only do that if the client's an absolute prick.
Ben Moore: Most of the time I don't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: Um, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, mean, like, yeah, it's just stuff to try and help keep them. So. Sort of abiding by their word.
Ben Moore: Fathom is pretty okay. Like, I've only had one guy that was, like, threatened to take me to that AIC  or some , like, because he's like, because, you know, like, any deposit, doesn't matter the size of the deposit, it's non-refundable, because it's, like, administrative and obviously covers our, you know, Facebook fees and ads and those kind of things. So we kind of put that in the contract. So I had this one guy, he  signed it. And he's like, that was a way to wear it. I said, you had a chance to read the  contract. Like, we used to make him sign it after. And I was like, mate, you had, like, two days to, like, read him sign that contract.
Kyle Musca: So I don't want you to, like, to take me to AIC. Anyway, it's  funny. Yeah. Especially if you've done work for him. Like, if they, for me, if they, because my program's released after about 24 hours, it's like, if they cancel within that time period and I haven't given them anything, that's, like, fair play. But if I've done work for you and I've actually given you , it's like, mate, you know. Being in money back, you know, you don't hire a painter to come and paint your house, paint half your house, and be like, oh, I don't actually like the colour anymore. And it's like, well, that's .
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's exactly right.
Kyle Musca: The third thing I do is I add, where is your group chat on? Is it Instagram?
Ben Moore: It's in, is that for our clients?
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah, your big team chat.
Ben Moore: Yeah, so it's all on Trainerise. So all the clients are in there. So it's all in app. It's really nice.
Kyle Musca: So everyone gets around it. It's pretty cool. Yeah, are they pretty active in it?
Ben Moore: Yeah, it's probably been one of those things. Like I said to you, because obviously we only had, what did say, like 20 clients when we started. So I was like, it got quiet just because a lot of them had been there for  almost six or eight months, or maybe some of were 12 months. So they've been there for a while. But no, it's starting to pick right back up again. Everyone's getting around the weekly wins, all the new guys coming in. Everyone's getting around the  Q&As and stuff. So it's slowly building out. Again, it's always really good when we're always bringing in new people. Nice game. They're real keen on it. Like, it's really good for, like, a few months. And then the guys that have been there for ages, they're just going in ticking and flicking  kind of thing. So some of the new – like, I've actually had a guy on for 12 months. He's really active in there. But a lot of them kind of just die out after that three or four months. I don't know why. Like, they still do all their weekly wins, but just them getting around, like, a couple of other things. I feel like they're kind of – it's like they get bored of it.
Kyle Musca: I don't know what it is. Yeah. To be honest, like, if you're sort of, you know, in our rebuilding process, as we are, I would probably move it off TrainRise just simply because, like, again, the platform matters. You know what mean? Like, the platform needs to reflect what you're trying to do. And a good example of that is, like, it doesn't make sense. Like, if I was to build a fitness education course, it doesn't make sense for me to deliver it through something like school because the people that are using school are more business-orientated and identify with being in a more business niche than a fitness niche, if that makes sense. So, how that applies to what we're talking about here is, The trainerize is the training app, but it's not what people think of as a messaging platform. You know, it's like, where do you go message your friends? The other thing I would, so that's one reason. The other thing I think, I think it's probably, so I have mine on WhatsApp, but if my messaging platform wasn't already on WhatsApp in terms of where I contact clients, I would probably do it on Instagram directly. And the reason for it is because everyone's on Instagram pretty much all day long. And you can, it'll be easy for you to encourage affiliate marketing there in terms of people sharing stories and making it a cultural norm to actually start posting their stuff on their own stories in order to share it to all their friends.
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah, I see what you're saying. Okay. Yeah, that's definitely a restructure I'm not against at all. I really like that idea. I've never thought about it, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that might be the reason why people drop off is because they get the excitement of messaging at the start. So they actively check it, but then as it becomes a little. A bit more mundane as they get into it. They just don't think of going to trainerize to message as much. So I think, you know, if it's there right in front of them, they'll see the notifications, they'll pop in. But what I do in this as well is I tell them to introduce themselves. And this does two things. One, it breaks the ice and gets them, it becomes like a standard and a norm from the start to message in this group chat. But two, when someone messages in my community, once you build it, it'll be the same for yours. Because when someone, it probably is already the same, when someone messages in like, hey, you know, I'm from, you know, the Gold Coast and I'm keen to strip 15 kilos or whatever the  they say. And then you get all the other guys or people in the group chat like, welcome, you know, you've made a really great decision, yada, yada, yada. That will massively help to reduce bias remorse. Because it's like you can say how great your, you know, how your  doesn't stink all day long. But if like someone else in the program is telling them like, this is such a great community to be a part of, it's, you know, X, Y, Z. That's going to make them feel so confident that they've made the right decision and they're in the right place.
Ben Moore: Yeah, we literally have that. So that's like a mandatory thing that all our new clients do. And that's only come in this year when we've kind of done the restructure with the business. So yeah, every single new client has to put in their name, where they're from, and their goal. And that's been like, it's been good because I think that's just brought back the spark in the community, especially we're putting like, you know, one or two new people on every day. Everyone's getting around like,  yeah, well done, awesome . Like, it's been awesome for just me as a  business owner to see everyone like, let's go, like, get around and welcome,  awesome . This is cool. Like, yeah, it's been going off since we got these, all these new guys coming in. Everyone's like, it's starting to build out a little bit. was saying this to my partner, so I feel like it's a very different crowd to what we had this time last year when I was building it all out from scratch myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Community is everything, man. he'll also give you, as he said before, a little A bit more passion as the business owner when you're actually saying like you're the thing that's tying all these people together. It's pretty cool to see. And you can leverage, again, the community is really, really  good for like changing cultural norms within the community. So for example, I ran an external challenge in the same time. I was like to the guys on the inside, what we're going to do is yes, physical transformation, but essentially like I had conditions for it, but essentially who markets me the best. Yeah. And like I had a guy that literally would post every single one of his exercises through every single workout and then tag me on his story, start resharing all my ads. They started like posting reels and tagging each other and  in it. So it can like really sort of snowball from there if done right. One thing on that as well is if you see someone do a really good sort of reply to an introduction message, like, welcome, bro. Like you. You're in the best place. Have you made the best decision? Yada, yada, yada. I would personally reach out to that person and be like, hey, man, I just want to say I really appreciate you doing that. You know, for the new people in the chat, it can be, as I'm sure you remembered, can be a little bit, you know, nervous or whatever they  say. And that will help to make them feel really confident about the decision they've made. I remember doing that to some of my guys in my group chat. And then the next time someone said like, hey, I'm XYZ from XYZ. He was just like,  welcome, brother. You've made the best decision ever.
Ben Moore: So he was just kind of so That's awesome. Yeah. I try to voice my team at the end of each day when we get a few new guys in there because we'll get a few regulars in the group chat. They'll be like, awesome . Let's go. Welcome. Good to have you on board. Excited for the journey. Best thing that's ever happened, blah, blah. All these things. And then I'll just like send a voice member out to all their members besides the new ones. And I'll say, hey, guys, we've got a few new members. You remember how  nerve-wracking was starting. Let's get around them. Let's really make them feel supported and welcomed because that is going to help them, you know, succeed like you have inside the community. So, and that that usually It's good thing that sparks them. It's just probably one of those things. It's, like I said, we're in a restructure. So as the clients build out, we start, I always find when we start heading towards like 35, 45, 60 people, that's when it gets like  hectic and it's quite good naturally. And it's just like that encourages everyone else.
Kyle Musca: I don't need to go in there too much. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Yeah, once you get the numbers for it, definitely just makes things a lot easier. Yeah, perfect. And then from there, I would also just make it known to them on like when you speak to them. I'm sure you probably already do this, but just be like, look, you know, it'll take us about 24. So I say it'll take us about 24 to 48 hours to get your first block built and backed here. That's what we'll do is we'll dip our toes. We'll technically start this week. We'll dip our toes, fully prep on the weekend.
Ben Moore: We'll officially start the six months on Monday, though, if that sounds good to you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. I will word that. I usually do say it does take 24 hours for us to build it out and then I'll run them through. Um, the, the kind of things that I wanted to focus on, which is that walking in water. So, Hey, let's just get a couple of key things built out, get used to using the app, tracking on the app and get used to actually opening the app, um, for all that stuff. So you can kind of get your head around it. And then, but that's it. Yeah. That has made a big difference. I think just having that, cause some of our guys will start up like Monday and it's like, they've got a full  seven days before they start. So it's like, Holy . So I found doing that. And then some of them I'll get like by Wednesday, like, Hey dude, um, you've gone through nutrition stuff. You've kind of got everything linked. Let's start tracking some nutrition stuff, whether or not it's to the meal plan or not. Let's just get used to tracking the food we're putting on the app. That just helps. And they feel like they're pretty much ready by Monday. All they have to do is add their training in, which is awesome.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If they start earlier in the week and it's going to be a while before they start, would definitely add touch points with them. Um, the only other thing I'd also say on this is people like humans themselves are very inclined to remain congruent. With how they're perceived by other people, right? So it's like, if you can get them to start to identify as someone who has, I guess, made the decision to make a change, and they truly identify with that, and they know that you identify with that, then they'll want to see it through more. So what I mean by that is like, I guess, buyer's remorse comes from like, they've made the decision, but they don't feel congruent with that decision. So there's a gap, and that's where that anxiety and that friction comes from, right? So it's like, if you can like, sort of get them to identify, like, just by simply saying like, by the way, like, Ben, I, from having this chat with you, I can see how much you really want this. And I just wanted to say, like, I am really proud of you for making this decision and seeing it through. You know what mean?
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Usually these things, have like a deeper meaning behind them, but usually they're just like maybe one or two sentences. So for example, yes, I went to. You know, get some Thai food here. And I was like to the guy, oh, I'll pay you now. I've just run to 7-Eleven, grab some stuff and come back. He's like, no, no, you're all good. Like, and basically just said, you know, go 7-Eleven, pay when you come back. And then like from that, I walked away and I was like, he didn't intentionally do it or anything like that. But I was like, now I feel very congruent to come back because he's put that trust and faith in me, if that makes sense. I see what you're saying, so it's kind of like a reverse psychology thing in a sense. Yeah. Like people just like, especially around trust and stuff. So this is probably a little bit of a side quest, but if someone, if you, if you, if someone perceives you as trustworthy, then you want to remain congruent with that trustworthy perception, if that makes sense.
Ben Moore: Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. That does make a lot of sense. And even just like a couple of the words you said there, just like a couple of little things, they just make the key difference at the end of that, that call at the start. But yeah, that's definitely something I can , I can play around with for sure. I like that. Never even thought about that. I always say welcome, like on the call, and say very proud of you. I guess I kind of do it naturally. I just never had to put a thought behind that either.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And even with payments and stuff, like if someone's like a little bit, you know, delayed or whatever the circumstance is, even a simple little thing like, there's no stress, man.
Ben Moore: Like, I know you're good for it. Yeah. And I always do that. I've always done that with business. Like, yeah, it's all good.
Kyle Musca: We'll just sort it out later in week. No stress. Yeah. But, like, literally saying, like, I know you're good for it.
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because it's like, then it's like, I have trust in you to do it.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I like that.
Kyle Musca: It's like, yeah, you're a person who honors their word, essentially. But see how it's like, I just, I know you're good for it.
Ben Moore: It's a very short sentence. You know what mean? Yeah, it just kind of catches it. Oh, .
Kyle Musca: Okay, I better pay him back. Yeah, like, . He knows I'm good for it.
Ben Moore: He's like, he's going to be watching me. Yeah, I get that. Okay, cool. Yeah, cool. That's, um. That's good. I guess the only other question I wanted to ask you, and again, I don't know how to kind of go about this because I don't want to come off the wrong way in the DMs, but because we're obviously, like, I don't necessarily want to get a close until we're kind of hitting a decent, like, month in regards to, like, cash collected and those kind of things.
Kyle Musca: Like, I don't even want to think about it.
Ben Moore: But I wanted to kind of work it. Is there a way we could use a financial qualifier in the DMs for the ad people to kind of say, hey, like, look, just to be up front and we kind of, I don't know how to word it because we've got a, like, low ticket or, like, our fundamentals offer, which is very low entry. It's, like,  58 bucks a week and we just charge it monthly. So, again, it's, like, if they can't afford the upfront amount, it's, like, we could possibly run something like that where we're kind of financially qualifying the DMs, but I don't have too much friction where it kind of throws away clients that we could have got on either. So I don't really know how to kind of do that. Is it even worth doing or is it worth doing? It's just getting on the  phone and having a conversation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's why I do the soft financial qualifier of like what's the working status. So working full-time is obviously the ManyChat one, but then like making sure that their job has decent income. So for me, if it's anything like, so what I would do is like if you want to be a little bit tighter, I think for me it's, I'd have to double check. But basically, if they're making more than $60,000 Australian dollars a year based off what their, you know, job's average annual salary should be, then they're qualified enough to jump on a call.
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah, okay. Yeah, we do that anyway. That's pretty much how we roll with it anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because the issue with asking a harder financial qualifier, like anything harder than that, is the conversation will always veer into like, well, what does it cost? And it's like you don't want to be having that conversation in the DMs.
Ben Moore: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. And then. Then it just comes down to, like, pattern recognition as well. So, like, having feedback from the setters and also you actively checking the conversations. So, for example, like, Bree, she tends to get, like, quite a lot of Indians coming through and Indians just waste time like a . Like, maybe one in ten will silence. It's, like, not all of them, but it's a lot of them. So now she's just told her setter, like, if there's an Indian that comes through, just sell by chat. Don't book him on a call. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it's, like, if you're seeing certain pattern recognition of, like, certain types of people that are coming through that don't usually sort of do anything, then it's, like, okay, we'll just divert those people.
Ben Moore: Yep. Okay. Yep. I know. Yeah. That makes a lot of sense. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: I'm pretty keen on that. That's good. I guess probably the only other thing I kind of want to touch on, again, it's going to, I think it's just going to be a repetition thing, like anything. mean... Yeah. Man, , I've lost my touch with, like, cold audience closing in a sense of, like, my objection handling is just, I'm not too objection to handle  anything for ages. So I've just got, I think it's just going to be putting in the reps, to be honest, and just getting a couple months in and just getting confident with learning the script. Because, yeah,  sometimes I'll throw something at me like, I don't  even know how to handle that. So I've just got to just play around with it. But, yeah, I've got the sheet there. have been reading through it. I think it's just one of those things I need to really, I get some of the  strangest objections. Like, it's like, it's definitely fear-based.
Kyle Musca: What's one you've had recently?
Ben Moore: I've had a fair few, like, I don't know if it's actually financial or if it, like, because, again, I'll go through, like, the logistical side of I think it's purely fear, and, again, my working around fear is not very good in comparison to, like, if it's a partner objection, end or, like, actual logistical. Logistical objection, I'm pretty good at getting around them. I don't know, like fear, I just kind of lose my, I don't like, because I know it's fear, it's like, can't just stop being a . It's like in my mindset with it, but I can't say that. So, but yeah, one I got just before was, oh yeah, that sounds good, that works really well, I'll go with that option. And then I'll go, okay, are you 100% certain with that, you're positive, because, you know, we're committing to this or something like that. say, I didn't say those exact words, something's like, yep, all good. And then I'll send them the actual link. And it's like, they see the money up front and they go, oh, I just have to think about it. And then it's like, we've gone back through a , the same objections we're already  just going through. I think at that point, I'm just kind of like, you're just going to be a in the . And I just don't like even try. So I don't know if it's, I think it's just a rep thing or I don't know what it is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So one, again, that it depends on how you word that. But if you do say, you know, are you sure there's some kind of like lock-in or something like that, again, that can spike it. So I'd be cautious around that. I'm just to to I'm going going going going I'm And so at this point, you've already objection handled them into it type thing?
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Ben Moore: Yeah, usually it's like we're doubling up on the same exact objection we just  handled. And it's like once they see the figure or they go, yeah, that works, and they're like committed. And then it's like they kind of like, as I'm sending a link over, it's like they talk themselves out of it in their head or something.
Kyle Musca: I don't know what it is. annoying. Yeah. So usually, again, you know, this takes some nuance and everything like that. So it depends on how deep you are in the objection cycle because, again, you start passive and you get more direct as you go through. But, like, let's say, you know, you've already objection handled. They've agreed to it. You send them the link and then, you know, they've kind of pussied out. You kind of just need to kind of be really direct with them because you absolutely know by that point if they get off the call, they're not signing up. So it's like, yeah, no, I get you, man. And I guess, like, what's changed in the last sort of 30 seconds?
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I just need to think about it. Yeah, but like, and they'll try and be vague here. Because they're just trying to weasel out of it. Yeah. What is it that you specifically wanted to actually think about?
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? Again, it really depends on what the objection handles you've spoken about before. Because if it's a financial thing and you've already covered that, then they can't really go back into that. Do you mind if I just put my coaching hat on and just be really direct with you?
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Realistically, bro, what's happening right now is your brain is trying to stop you from making a decision that you know is right for you. Because your body, your brain does not like change. Because change is scary. Change is unknowing. Even though you know that you know. Even though you know that this is the right thing for you. So my concern is if you want to think about it, bro, what happened in the last 30 seconds is going to happen on a much larger scale. You're going to go away and you're going to tell yourself. That little voice in your brain is going to tell yourself why now is not a good time. While there's something coming up. Or, you know, what if something goes wrong? You're going to talk yourself out of doing this even though you've just, you know, made the decision to actually do it. So I guess, man, like, are you going to be the guy that this is a good identity shift? So when it comes to these sort of situations, man, instead of you thinking about it, what I like to do in my own personal situation is I like to think about the version of myself that I want to become in six months' time. So I guess when you imagine yourself in six months' time, man, you're the leanest, strongest, mentally strong, healthiest version of yourself, what decision do you feel like he would make in this moment? Do you feel like he would take action and then do what's necessary to make sure that he sees it through? Or do you feel like he would sit on the sidelines and keep telling himself that he just needs to think about?
Ben Moore: Yeah, I see what you're saying.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? There's different ways you can go about it. But realistically, at that point, like, again, it really does depend on how many objection cycles you've been through. But sometimes it's just, you know, grabbing the bull by the horns and just telling him what's happening.
Ben Moore: Like, you're just trying to talk yourself out of it, man. Yeah. Like, yeah, and that's where I get a bit stuck because it's like... I want to tell them that, but I've just told them that 800 times. It's like, I don't, and then, yeah, I just kind of go, yeah, all good. just kind of, I feel like I give up on a little bit because it's probably something I haven't done for such a while where I had to go through cycles of objections. Usually just a small one, run through, and it's all good. But I think just with a couple of ad calls I've had already, like you said, they are a call to audience.
Kyle Musca: So I just got to get comfortable doing it again, I think. Yeah. The other thing is like, I usually pull on levers of pain at that, not pain. But like those types of levers. So one is accountability.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other is indecision, right? So it's like, realistically, what happens, man, is when you're saying you need to think about it, you're just trying to push off the responsibility to actually make a decision. What that's called is indecision. And statistically, indecision is the biggest cause of failure, right? So, yes, it's easier to stay comfortable and not make a decision, but you are making a decision to not make a change and therefore stay the same. So I guess you've got two... Decisions right now, man. And it's your life. Completely up to you what you want to do. You can either make the decision to actually make a change based off everything we've spoken about. It seems like what you actually want to do. I'm more than confident we can get you there. That's why I have that guarantee there. Or, man, we can jump off this phone. We're definitely, I've done thousands of these calls, 98% of the time, I know for a fact that we're not going to jump on these calls. My actual, another call, actual statistics. And you can just accept that this is your life and nothing's going to change anytime soon.
Ben Moore: Yeah, I like that. That's a bit more kind of my  rock and roll where it's a bit more direct.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it's the reality. Like, at this point, it's like, you're almost just coaching them into it. It's not more of an objection handle. It's just like, you know what mean? Like, you're just coaching. It's a mindset thing.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, cool. Yeah, I think I'll have to...
Kyle Musca: And just on that, the biggest killer to this is vagueness.
Ben Moore: Don't let them get vague. Okay. Yeah, I'm going to write that, like, on huge capitals right here. Don't let them get... I guess it's the same as discovery, right? Like in discovery too, it's like a massive one. Like I just call them out. It's like, what does that even mean? You just said, yeah, I think so. Or like I always call them out on that stuff where it's like, yeah, I kind of want to lose a little bit of weight. What does that mean? What does lose a little bit of weight mean? And I kind of call out on that stuff there. So it's probably when I get to the price, it could even just be like one of my  self-beliefs in a bit. It's like as soon as I tell them the price, it's like I don't even know what to do. It's like I feel weird like trying to not push for it but coach them into making a decision. I kind of just want them to be ready. And it's like if I haven't done my job in discovery, then I'm like, well, why fight? But that's not the reality. It's just, again, they come from the other side of what you've said is they're just  – they're scared. It's scary change, I guess, in a sense. I'm not scared of change.
Kyle Musca: A lot of people are, I guess. Yeah. I mean, this is – yeah, exactly. Like most people don't have a growth mindset, you know what mean? And, you know, especially fitness sales, like this is my sort of biggest annoyance. With them is you're dealing with the like shittest of the  people in terms of accountability and discipline and making the right decision that they know they should make. You know what mean? Because they've been so used to accepting  and poor decisions that they know aren't right for them, but that's just their standard to accept that that's the thing, like that's okay. They lie to themselves. And that's where vagueness comes in because it's a justification for them to lie to themselves because it's like I need to think about it. It's just a justification to not make a decision right now.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. So you've got to just kind of like call them out on that . Again, there's different, it depends on the circumstance. Usually I like to think of it as like kind of backing them into a corner where the only logical solution is to move forward and they make the decision themselves. But if you get right to the end and they're just , you know, a bit retarded, it's just like, just need to like, dude, like, do you see what you're doing right now?
Ben Moore: Like, surely you. You know what you're doing, right? Okay, yeah. I'm probably, like, I'm direct, but I think that's a good touch on, too, because I'm uncomfortable to do that to someone. And I probably need to start getting comfortable to do that because that's probably, again, our closing rate's pretty good around 40%, but it's like that could bring us up to 65%. You know what I mean? That's the difference in 20% of sales, which is  10 grand. You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's definitely a reps thing. Like, once you do enough of these calls, you'll just kind of get  sick of it. You'll just be like, dude, I mean, you're going look too comfortable with it. The other thing is, again, you know, you don't want to get too direct until it gets to the point where you know if they get off the call, they're not jumping back on.
Ben Moore: Yeah. And I know that every time. If they don't make a decision on the call, I usually just say that to them. I say, like, oh, is this a decision? I it's like, yeah, we do this on the call because I know for a fact once you leave the call, you're going to ghost me.
Kyle Musca: Well, I like to add in there, like, man, I've done thousands of these calls. My actual statistics is if we jump off this call. 98% of the time, we'll never chat again.
Ben Moore: Yeah, okay. I do like that. Yeah, that's a good idea. Because yeah, if I can find that question all the time, and then that, just that in itself, they start working and worming themselves into random objections, where it's like, if I just address it directly, nine times out of 10, they're like, oh, okay, really? Okay, I didn't know that. That's actually true. probably would have ghosted you up. And then it's just like, we have that conversation, like, okay, well, what's the thing holding you back from  being 100% right now?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, yeah. Again, objection handling is hard, because it's like, you know, we can have objection handling scripts like this, but they can always throw a curveball out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. mean, so it's like a very much, again, a reps thing. Yeah. I was going to say something before I kind of slip my mind.
Ben Moore: Yeah, I think I just need to look over the frameworks and just like get really good with each individual framework. then because identifying what the objection is, is pretty, pretty easy, because you can just tell what objection they're going to have before you get to it. don't a는 that. You can just, based on the person, personnel, and the answers they're giving, you can kind of, you know, not necessarily know, but you know, it's like, okay, we've had this discussion, it's going to be a muddy one with this guy, or you can kind of get a bit of a feel for it, but it's probably getting the frameworks right and how I word the conversation, because I feel as though I've just had such a warm audience jumping on calls, it's either a yes or a no straight off the bat. It's like, hey, I can afford it or I can't, where the last couple, like three or four calls I've had this week from ads, it's been some objection playing around, I'm like, , I've lost me touch a little bit here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so it's, it's a trickier sale, but that's where the money's made.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's exactly right, yeah, and that's why I want to kind of nip it in the butt early and just kind of get your point of view on it, because it's like, I don't want to be , you know, when it gets important.
Kyle Musca: A couple of things on these, one, record your calls and we can even sort of review them.
Ben Moore: I've got some core recordings.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, and then what I could also do is I could get you on with. Tommy and everything like that and do some sort of just like trainings and do some feedbacks and everything like that.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that'd be sick. I actually would like the trainings and then I can send you one of the calls we're doing now and then after some trainings possibly and then do another one and just kind of record that call. I think it's just a comfortability thing because I went to sell and did buy DM. So it was either like they pay or they didn't. And then, you I'm probably  three or four months out of touch with calls, to be quite frank with you. Yeah, so I think a month or so would be all right. But I just kind of want to nip it in the butt and get your point of view on just how you kind of do it.
Kyle Musca: That's what I was going to say as well. If you get a  lead, like on the call, you just know they're a  lead. They're not going to be able to afford it or whatever. Don't just give up on it. Like use those as practice and just push real  hard. Do things that you would just not do on a normal call. Because those like that will make you feel a lot more confident when you actually do get into a sort of weather on the fence type of thing. Good. Example of this is like one time I had this guy sound like like actual retarded like just didn't speak normally um I knew he wasn't gonna pay or anything like that and I was going back with I was like Tommy spoke to him and I gave him a call and I was literally just going back and forth objection handling him for like 40 minutes just testing different  out um and I was like to the point where I was like well man like you know would your parents pay for this I was like you don't need sort of government benefits or um and yeah so like just  around and have fun yeah that's  that's  funny as well I've actually had a few calls with like some people like I had a call once he was a dwarf like he was like he was sitting at his desk it was like this I just asked him what are you doing I was like I need to see your face mate like we're having a conversation here like a serious conversation about where you're at he's like oh he's
Ben Moore: I'm just standing up. was like, no, you're  not. And he pointed the camera down, and he was like, just like, he was like this tall, like, it was so funny. He was an Asian guy from Newcastle. like, all right, this is. But yeah, I usually, I just go, look, this is not a good fit. Just like, I usually ask a few questions, I don't feel like I'm wasting time. I go, look, if look at this not a good fit, I'll send you some free resources. But that's probably a good time now to start using that as a, like, not that I've had any for a while, but we will get some, I'm sure. Or where you can use that as a, like, a fucker end.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's the paid for role play at that point.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then the other thing I'm going to do as well is I'm going to get Bree to do, like, a group sales coaching call thing once a week on Tuesday afternoon. Okay. Because she's an, like, absolute weapon and just, like, the objection handles specifically.
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah, that'd be good. think just, yeah, having some conversations with some other people about, yeah,  what they're doing and stuff like that. Getting different perspectives.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Cool. Well, man, how did you get a chance to review the video ads, scripts?
Ben Moore: Mate, I have, yes. Did I , I swear I sent you a message back.
Kyle Musca: mustn't have. Yeah, I think you did.
Ben Moore: I think you Yes, I'm just, oh, mate, honestly, I had all intentions of doing it this week. I literally had, the only time I've had this week was to , to be honest. I've been so busy. So I'm planning on working Saturday because I got calls. So I plan to have Saturday afternoon to do some recordings and go to the gym and do some stuff there, or at least Sunday or something, over the weekend and get those done for you so we can start pushing those out. But actually, before I let you go, do you want to say, what are your thoughts on, I'm finding the US leads are  a million times better, one on call, but two, they're so much easier to close in comparison to the Aussie leads. Every call I've with the Aussie, I'll wait to the end of this week and we'll get some data, but all the calls I've had with Aussies have just been like .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Aussie. not in that too at the moment.
Ben Moore: Any excuse. One guy threw at me the rising fuel price. I said, what does that got to do with your fitness, Kyle's cat?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Ben Moore: I said, what do you mean the rising?
Kyle Musca: Like 30 bucks max extra a week.
Ben Moore: I literally said that. said, mate, like if you work it out, I said, what car do you drive? He's like, I drive a diesel. I said, it's 50 cents more per litre. I said, what do you mean it's the cost of fuel that's in line?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The biggest thing with that, is it's more fear than an actual logistics thing. You know what mean? They just see  fear all over the news. Australia's going into remission.
Ben Moore: Australians as a whole also very stingy. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which I can't really complain at because I'm pretty stingy myself. But it's not funny when I'm on the other side of it.
Ben Moore: No, no. I was to  off. I haven't done that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, in terms of like Americans are meant to have a better mindset around putting money back into the economy to like circulate it a little bit more. Also, it's a much larger. larger economy and it's a much larger population. Your ads are performing a lot better in the US. So it's like, if you're making sales in the US, that might be the bread and butter to actually go to.
Ben Moore: Yeah. I haven't put anyone on from Oz this week. They've all been, actually, that's a lie. put some guy in from Melbourne yesterday, but they've all been US and probably the last two or three weeks. And I knew that was going to be the case. Anytime we kind of get really heavy back on the calls, it's like a few Aussies and then it's just heavy US after. takes like a few weeks for them to kind of get busy. But yeah, I think I honestly, my personal opinion, we'll get some data at end of this week when I go through all the calls and I'll let you know. But I kind of want to just like double down on that US market because it's like cost per results,  cheap as I can't see the cost per lead.
Kyle Musca: I don't know if that's just on my end. don't know what's going on. You got to change the column preset and then add the lead thing in.
Ben Moore: Okay, I'll do that today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: Oh yeah, customized columns.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then I just save it. That's a column preset and I'll save up. Yeah, your cost per lead is much better for the U.S. market as well. The Australian one has been climbing up. I'm very much hoping that will fix itself because the straight FMOs is  open again now. So hopefully everyone just calms the  down a bit. Like, yeah, same on mine as well, to be honest. Like, if you look at my current ads right now, yeah, cost per lead is like $15. It's like less than half the Australian.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's  exactly what mine's doing. Yeah. Okay, cool. I'm not too worried. No, it's fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like U.S., I mean, we'll look at your specific one. Australia can be a really good market. It's just a   ton because we've got a  government and  retailers don't know how to do anything.
Ben Moore: Oh, bro. And it's just like, I feel like Aussies, unless they're in like IT software engineering, something that's like making them a fair bit of bread or like fire. They just don't pay for . They, like, I don't know, like, I've got to make, like, even Sparky's and , like, they're rich as , as you know. It's like, they're the stingiest  on earth.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I, if anything, I've got one client that's, like, he came from Flyin' Flyin' and stuff, so we targeted tradies specifically, but , they're just lazy , man.
Ben Moore: And they don't know how to manage money, man. They're hopeless. They're like, oh, yeah, it's like, like, I had this one guy, Tristan, that we worked with years ago. We actually got him on last year, and he was, what was he telling me? He's like, so, we're talking, and then, anyway, somehow we got into how much he makes on a month. He was, like, telling me, and he's like, yeah, man, I'd make, like, 15 grand a month. He's working on, like, some  diesel mechanic  out in WA on the mines. I was like, oh, that's cool, man. So, I was like, okay, this guy's going to be able to afford it. We got to the end, I was like, cool, man. It's just, like, 3,000 bucks up front, and that was when it was US, 3,000. And he's like, yeah, man, that's cool. He's like, I don't have any money. any money. don't Make him 15 grand and have no  money. I was just thinking, okay, what are spending it on? And we're talking, he even screenshot his account and sent it to me. He's  zero, zero, zero five or whatever it was.
Kyle Musca: I was like, how is that even possible? Tradies, when they come to you are good, but like when you try and market to tradies, in my experience, they're just  retarded. They're just like, they're lazy as . They're too tired from work and stuff. And they're kind of, they're real   on the opposite end of marketing as well.
Ben Moore: I mean, I had a tradie yesterday, like he was pretty rude in the DMs and I just, I just pretty much said to him, I said, I'll just say, tell him to get .
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: He's going to be a . Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, again, we just put the message out there and if the tradies want to come to us, they can come to us. But I'm not talking to tradies anytime soon.
Ben Moore: Yeah, no. Do you reckon, again, I kind of want to get your thoughts. Do you reckon we kind of just for now, is it, I don't even know what you want to do. Because I reckon that US market was hot. Because that summer, that ad that's doing summer, the summer stuff, even the ad that's doing, the results ad in the US, they're both pumping. They're just like, whereas the results is doing, so the summer ad is doing like $7 cost per conversion, I don't know what the lead is. And then the results ad, it's about $15 cost per message, but it's like the lead quality is insane and all the other ones like $9 and $11 and . So I kind of, again, I want to get your thoughts. Is it worth pulling back a little bit on the Aussie market, maybe like bringing it just back to the $100 and putting the extra $20 back on the US or bringing them up to $150? Or do you reckon we just wait till the end of the week and get some data first and see what the core quality is like?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, like if you're closing more US and everything, we absolutely can. Like we can even look at just turning off the Australian one if it's not, you know, performing anywhere near as well. I'll probably still get some more data on it just to make sure we are making the right decision. But it's looking like it's heading in that direction. The only reason I haven't scaled it up further is just because I know you don't really have time to take your calls.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's probably the issue.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I've just kept it sort of hovering around that for us at the moment.
Ben Moore: Yeah, I can definitely pull back on the Australian and keep scaling the US a little bit more. Yeah, I think so. I think, and I just find the US, because the conversions, they're dollars, so there's almost $2 to $1 a dollar at the moment. So it's like, I tell them a price, like one guy this morning, like, yeah, I've only got $2,000 in my account, but I'll pay for that.
Kyle Musca: It's cheap as.
Ben Moore: It's like, yeah. So, yeah, , I think we'll go the US route. I just find them, I just find them for whatever reason, because I'm an Aussie, it's easy to close them to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's, yeah. I mean, again, US can be a hit and miss. So if you've got a good audience, then  off, we'll just get double. Yeah, I think so.
Ben Moore: Anyway, we'll... Get some data from this week, and I'll give you a  feedback review on Sunday or Monday. I'll get these videos done too. The only other thing is, I don't know why I haven't been getting your check-in. I don't know if it's just because of Navi as a contact if it's automated. So that should be okay now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I sent it on a broadcast list. So if I wasn't out of contact, it doesn't come through on your own. But that should be fine.
Ben Moore: That'd be right. That's no stress. I thought I'd just let you know. That's why I haven't got it back to you. But yeah, I'll just keep adding this data, and we'll go after that.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool work. Awesome, right? Yeah, keep me updated on how you're going. If you have any questions, just let me know.
Ben Moore: Sounds good, legend. Sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cheers, man. All right. I'll chat to you very soon. See you soon, mate. See you. Bye.


>>> 176/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-22T08:05:01Z | id:140000101
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Arran Humphreys: Hey bro, how you doing man? Good, Sorry bro, good man.
Kyle Musca: Oh good, how's Japan treating you?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, it's sick man. It's actually, yeah, I like it, eh. It's clean as . It's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've heard that. I haven't actually gotten over there yet, but I do want to go there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, nah, it's good man. It's like, pretty good temperature too, like you just wear a jumper and it's sweet. But like, so far, my food's been pretty good in that, which has been pretty sick.
Kyle Musca: Where in Japan are you?
Arran Humphreys: I'm in Tokyo now. We were in Hakuba, and now we're in Tokyo for the remainder, which is, Hakuba was  beautiful bro, it was so nice. So now we're just going to go like, see like all the Tokyo , do all the touristy stuff, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, sick, man. All right. Well, we'll dive into it. How's this week been overall, man?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, not too bad. And maybe over the weekend, sort of volume of people coming through slowed down a lot. We've still got a few book calls in. The CEO dashboard's all updated, bro. The check-in form, I just didn't get it typed in, but the CEO's all updated in there, which we can have a look at in a second. So I got heaps of volume, probably from that Wednesday to the Friday, which was good. And then it died off. And then we did have a few calls this Monday, Tuesday. But I found the leads that we were coming through, like, we had a lot of lads that were just sort of just , I don't know, different demographic. A fair few, I don't know if it was just a thing, but it was a fair few, like, Aboriginal lads came through with just no money whatsoever. And told me they were full alcohol. Alcoholics and . I was like, I don't know. They both had the same story. And I was like, oh, God.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I wonder if that's coming from the fly-out. What job did they have?
Arran Humphreys: They were at the mines, bro. They were at the mines. But it was like, yeah, both of them told me that they were alcoholics and all this and that. Yeah. And then I was like, oh, God. Righto. And then couldn't close them either. Got any government benefits you can put towards your brother?
Kyle Musca: So how many calls have you taken the last week?
Arran Humphreys: I'm just bringing it up here, bro. Can you access my dashboard or do you want me to share it to you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I'm looking at it now.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, so.
Kyle Musca: I'll show my screen.
Arran Humphreys: So total bookings, 10. Total calls taken, 9. So the show-up rates improved quite a lot, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Am I on the same one?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, I don't know. April 2025. Oh, hang on. Let me look. Oh, . You got it on your screen. Yeah. Yeah. I'm looking down the bottom from total, not ads. I'm looking at total.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, right, right, right, right, right.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, 10.9. So shop-up rates are  sick. So you got four organic closing, made two closes. I mean, it's pretty, like, that's okay. It's obviously we want that to be higher, but it's not too bad. That will build up as well from the re-accurring side of things. And your organic's doing well.
Arran Humphreys: the tight form submissions like from the organic have slowed quite a lot, I've noticed, but I've been getting referrals. So two of them were referrals. But yeah, my organic submissions seem to have slowed quite a lot, but I'm not sure. From your experience, is it just something that sort of goes in waves with organic?
Kyle Musca: It does, yeah. And then I also just think with what's happening in Australia at the moment, there's just a lot of fear. Oh, , what did I just do there? There's just a lot of fear going around at the moment. people, you know, because realistically, coaching is like a bit of a luxury expense, you know, I mean. Like it's not a necessity. I'm sort of experienced that on my account and a lot of other people that do. Australian account. So I'd say it's probably out. I'm really hoping that sort of  cleans up a little bit now that the strait has been sort of opened up and people can just  calm down a little bit. But yeah, it's just because you're in the  government just putting so much fear into it because they're  retards. So, but like, to be fair, I mean, so two of those would have been the Aboriginals. What about the third guy?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. That, um, I didn't close. Let me have a look at me call notes. Hang on.
Kyle Musca: And like, oh, he was just a bit odd, bro.
Arran Humphreys: Like he, I think he was, I think he was gay, to be honest. And he was just a little bit like his, his barrier was right up. He was a bit of a weird one. So I couldn't sell him. I just couldn't sell him. But he's sort of. He pushed back real hard when I was trying to get him to pay on the phone and went a bit funny.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Arran Humphreys: He was just a bit of a different one that I hadn't, I suppose, done a call with before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, I mean, the numbers across the board are looking healthy. So, mean, like, when someone actually becomes a lead, they overall look pretty decent. Mel seems to be doing a good job. My thing here was because, like, when we come and look at this new ad that we just launched, the video, yeah, we're getting $11 for a result. Oh, , mate.
Arran Humphreys: Is this the, like, organic ones when I'm, like, holding the phone? I think they're the ones that have been coming through because I've been watching while they're coming through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So did you refresh your permissions?
Arran Humphreys: No, I haven't. This is the first time I've got a new laptop, bro. I'll do it now, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So do that because like when you come in here.
Arran Humphreys: On ManyChat, hey.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And Bree had a thing where it's not pulling leads from some of the campaigns over. But like when you come in here, you know, the keyword's challenge, right? , it's slow. So then if we look at, I was just coming through and having a little bit of a look this morning. So he didn't finish it. But like he did, for example.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, and it didn't pull it through.
Kyle Musca: Well, to be fair, like those are from today. So if we were to go look at this accurately, just to check, we'd have to pull into today.
Arran Humphreys: Do you remember where to go to refresh these permissions, you know, like settings?
Kyle Musca: And then Instagram down the bottom. Yeah, let's see how that hasn't pulled anything through there. Unless, I mean, it depends possibly on this. Let's have a look. Turn them off. So the only one that it could have been is this one. I think this one's more though. Yeah, so that one's more. it couldn't have been that one. The other thing it could have potentially been. There's the job title one. Holy , man. Why it's so slow?
Arran Humphreys: I just refreshed it too, bro. So that's all refreshed now. Those permissions.
Kyle Musca: What we could do actually is to double check this. there's one. It's going to take 10  years to learn. There's this one. So this might be it, but we'll see. It would be that one. But it'd good if it won't let you  see.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, I can have a look at my phone if you want.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, maybe have a look at it on your phone. Because what we could do here.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, then the one no-show I had, bro, he actually seemed like a good lead, and then I went to do the follow-up, like he booked the night before, and I went to do the follow-up, and he  blocked me, can't.
Kyle Musca: Really?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, plus he did that. So that Dean fellow you were looking at, that was from that graphic with me, that graphic, that's where he came from.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. , man. Yeah, it says 11 leads, so it seems pretty accurate, I guess. It's just, I don't understand why these  click on it if they don't  complete it.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, sorry. It's driving me nuts, man. Because when someone does that, is meta-counting that as a win, so then it's going to push it to more people like that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that's what this is, and this is why meta's a bit of a -, because that's what it is when they click on that. Meta's like, cool, we got your result. And you've had, in the last seven days, you know, over 50 of them. So, what's that? 51.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Whereas only, like, one-fifth of those people actually became a lead, which is a bit . So.
Arran Humphreys: Do you think maybe we should try and, I don't know, try and, I should try and change the first messages or something, make it seem a bit, bit of a different messaging. I don't know if it's turning people away.
Kyle Musca: I mean, that's decently a lot of click-through rate, but that's what mine is. And that's what most people's are. So it's not like, it's not like it's anything unusual.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, yeah, there's eight people that have clicked this and that's  critical because if they're not finishing the flow, then it retargets more people like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I think two of them were like, you're a fuckwit, or something, just saying stupid  to me, bro. And I'm like,  off, mate. These are my ad spend.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so, yeah, it's a tricky one, because your , yeah, your cost per results by all metrics are actually really healthy. They're just not converting into leads. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: So, but it is, these have only been up for like two days, but, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, on the videos, yeah. Yeah. but the graphics, but the graphics are pretty similar, though.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, like, this one's $10, hasn't pulled through a lead yet. So, it's like, people are just messaging through. that's true. you. And not  completing it.
Arran Humphreys: Do you see that happening to many of your other lads? Like, just people clicking on it?
Kyle Musca: No, I haven't. Well, that's the thing. I haven't seen it, like, as bad as it has been on your one.
Arran Humphreys: I wonder what the  that is.
Kyle Musca: Because it's, that's the biggest thing.
Arran Humphreys: It's just.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And the hardest thing is we can't really, yeah, we can't really filter that out.
Arran Humphreys: No.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because it's like, there's nothing to filter out. They're not  doing what we need them to do. So, one thing I'm going to do is I'm going to see how these videos go over the next couple of days.
Arran Humphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And see if they start pulling through for us better. If not, I might just test out a few different audiences and create a few new campaigns and hopefully try and refresh it a little bit.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. And I'll maybe I'll just do some more broader organic sort of scripts maybe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I just think everything we've done to try and target like tradies and fly-in-flight people just hasn't worked. Um, so I think we just sort of  throw in the towel with them. And, you know, if we do broader messaging and a tradie message is through, then fantastic. But we won't necessarily try double down on those.
Arran Humphreys: No. Well, I've honestly, bro, I've noticed there was, I don't know if you've ever seen them. There was this one dude, he called himself the FIFO coach. Another dude called himself the tradie coach. But Like, their organic name was that, but they've all pivoted from, like, I've been watching, because I was watching their . So, I don't know, maybe they've sort of got the same thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would say so. Like, just, they're just, they're just  guns, for the most part. So, what we can do, a lot of your guys, when they come to you, have they, are they new to the gym, or have they got some experience in the belt, or like, what are we looking at here?
Arran Humphreys: For me, bro, I was, ads, like, the ads are pretty, some of them are pretty fresh, but I'd say majority of, like, organic and people that are coming to me are, like, pretty, like, pretty experienced in the gym, I guess. Because, like, suppose, like, you know, they look at my physique and , how I've gone, they're like, oh, I want to sort of get to that next level. That's what I found, a lot of lads are just trying to sort of get to another, that next level. right.
Kyle Musca: you. Yeah, so this is kind of like, so this is where like, it's good to understand nuance and stuff like that, because I pull this up, I'm not going through meta again,  things are done. So, these are the... If you've ever left a decision until tomorrow because you were too gassed by 3pm, or you've snapped at someone at home because you were too  after a full day at work, this is for you. You wake up feeling tired, pushed... Just on that, that's not why I brought this up, but that was like relatively vague, if that makes sense. That's not what I'm getting at. Now, I only help hard-working blokes, and 9 times out of 10, the lads that work with me have every aspect of their life sorted, but they're out. If that sounds like you, and you feel like losing 10 to 20 kgs could be that missing piece of the puzzle you've been searching for, this is for you. Here's something almost no one says out loud, but every hard-working Aussie bloke feels. There's a bloke you are, competent. Reliable, and someone people count on. However, when you look in the mirror, those two don't line up. You've done everything right. You built the career, showed up for your family, and took it. So that's more so aimed at like, you know, career-driven people. So for example, I've got another client who, you know, kind of struggling with a similar issue, like we were putting the content out there and everything. It just wasn't getting as much traction as we'd like. But he's like a, you know, IFBB pro bodybuilder and everything like that. So what we did is instead of, like, trying to press on pain points a lot with the messaging, we just pivoted away and started focusing on goal outcomes and, you know, physical attributes and everything like that. And then since then, it's like massively improved.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know, and so it's like, again, this is where it comes into like, understanding that with a campaign, there's a big pool of people that are all technically interested in potentially getting like, let's say a fitness coach, but for different sub pools, which is. Different reasons. You know what mean? Some people want to do it really to lose weight. Yeah, really primarily focus on losing weight, let's say, to keep it simple. Other people want to look at getting a coach because they're completely new to the gym and they have no idea what they're doing. There's other people that, you know, want to get a coach because they've been training for a couple of years but hit a plateau, but they want to take things to the next level, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They all fit in the same pool, but like the messaging will massively differentiate who we're pulling in.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that makes sense. That does make sense. Because I suppose the one thing that people do say to me quite often when they're on the call, when I'm sort of asking what they want to get to and that, they go, oh, I want to sort of get to a physique that you're at. I want to get to your physique. So they're sort of looking at where I am. I don't look like I'm , you know, running Trent or like IFBB Pro, but they're like, you just look fit and healthy and look like you train. And that's what I want to get to. So it is like, that's what they're coming for. Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: think. Yeah, so on this as well, it's really, really important that you take up pattern recognition on sales calls because if you're getting that a lot, then it's like we should absolutely make some marketing material around that. So, and the whole angle might be, you know, to look, you could even, I mean, pinpoint naturally good if you wanted to, you know what mean? But like, you know, that's more so like, because I'm the same, like I don't want to look  super roided or anything like that, you know what I mean? Um, so it's like, you could pinpoint those guys that are like, you know, you don't want this to take over your entire life, but you do want to look good with a shirt off.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, which is, that's sort of what that's coming to me for. No one, I'm not coaching anyone who's interested slightly to do a comp, put it that way. And I'm not ever going to take on anyone who wants to do a comp.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And like, so if it's not that, because again, like if you think of it like that, then it's a scale, right? You've got guys that have never touched it. Dumbbell in their life to guys that wanting to compete. it's like, where is your client sitting on that scale? You know, I mean, yours is probably on the, I guess, the slider right side where they've had experience in the gym and everything like that, but they just want to really take things to the next level.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I guess that's probably, how long are you in Japan for?
Arran Humphreys: How long what?
Kyle Musca: Are you in Japan for?
Arran Humphreys: Only till Sunday.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, so what you could do is, like, if you're there or once you're back, might even, I'm turning a copywriter up, so I might even get him to do some, ideally, by then. But get some, like, ad scripts up specifically for, again, that type of person. You've got a bit of experience on your belt, but you're just not seeing the results you're looking for.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. That would be good, bro, if we could, if I could get, it would just help me just get it out way faster, too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm trying to train him up. So he's doing a good job. But yeah, I'll chat to him straight after this and get him working on that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Might even be worthwhile doing some graphics. I've got some time after this afternoon, actually. So I was planning on doing some of your graphics then. But even, yeah, just adding them and getting them up and turned around quick as.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: And I've been getting more. With that as well, if you're busy, just on that quickly, if you're busy and you're just enjoying a holiday, just create a Google Drive with all your photos into it. And I've also trained my graphic designer to be able to put those graphics together.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Well, I might even try that. Because at the moment, that's what I'm just sort of trying to get time, all the time back I can to continue planning  and keep growing. You know what mean? Get my time back a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The thing with this is like, if we can just crack your man. Message in your niche, then it's like, then we're good.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, then we can just start cranking.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and we've just got to sort of figure that out, who that really is. So right now we're doing job titles, but like I might even, you know, I'll give the fly-in fly-outs probably like the end of this week, see if the videos pick up a little bit. If not, what I'll do is I'll probably pull that campaign or just turn that campaign off. And I might start with a few other audiences, like, you I might do dudes that are interested in dating or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, because I just, I'm happy for us to just keep trying and then till we get it, you know. What about ex-athletes? Do you get a lot of dudes that used to play sport and don't really anymore or not really?
Arran Humphreys: Oh, like footy players and stuff, man. I'd like, I wouldn't say a tremendous amount, but I say probably a fair few lads that they say they used to. They sport, let themselves go when they started work, and now they want to sort of get their physique back and do something. So, you know, but I wouldn't It's probably like a minor, like maybe one script or one graphic on, but I wouldn't put a whole campaign around it type thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I'll play around with it. We'll see how we go. Yeah, we'll see how we go.
Arran Humphreys: Because I feel like once we can crack that, then I know what to double down on, and I can just pump the  out of it then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, once we do that, then we can sort of expand quite a lot. It's just a matter of dialing in. The good thing about this, though, well, is like, yes, it's hard to find, but because it's so hard to find, most people don't find it. If that makes sense. You know what mean? And you can isolate yourself into a part of the market once you do find it. Because, like, for example, my client that's a body, IFBB pro, he's going to want to take dudes on that, you know, want to take gear and jump on stage and, you know, to that extent, whereas yours is going to be a lesser extent, more so lifestyle stuff probably.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you've got people that, like, I've got another client that trains women that  need to lose 20 kilos in six-month period. So it's like those are, you know, right down the left side of the scale that never touched a dumbbell in their life. So it's like once you figure that out, then you've got your own sort of, again, piece of the pie.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. A hundred percent. And like you said, like, I'm just happy to just keep trying until we get it. Yeah. And I know we'll get there eventually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I also think this is why it's so important to do weekly ads until we get it right, because that will speed the process up so much  faster. Like, and every single week, it should be a new sort of, again, you should be thinking about a new. That's a bit of a sus hand, like a new , like people in the pool, if that makes sense, like a subcategory. Yeah, so it's like when you get back, for example, the subcategory would be people that have been putting in the effort with their training, they just haven't seen the results from it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, yeah, and that.
Kyle Musca: And, sorry, and that, that, or dudes that don't want to live in the gym, they just want a body that they can look and feel good in, they don't want the gym to take over their life.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, which when you say that out loud, it sounds pretty similar to a common, common thing that people say when they're on the call, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, like, yeah, again, there's so many different things you can do, but it's like, you know, you're not getting a coach to make things harder, you're making, you're getting a coach to make it easier. You can get in and out of the gym in 45 minutes. know exactly what you need to eat. That way you can focus on the things that you actually enjoy doing in life.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. I also, I filmed a bunch of, I filmed a bunch of organic sort of videos and  yesterday. And I've just sent them all to that editor, Medi or whatever his name is, just to see. I've never got him to edit organic . So I just said, here's all that. Just to also just try to get a bit of time back, see how that comes back. So that'd be all right. If it actually works, then I can just pump even more high quality organic in that as well.
Kyle Musca: I'd be kind of wanting to go to high quality with the organic, to be honest. Just because it starts to get like too ad-looky-like, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I see that you spend money on editors and  where you can just do it organically.
Kyle Musca: That's actually, he just popped up and didn't even mean to do this, but that PrimeTrain dude, he'd probably be pretty decent to have a look at his angle. What the  is going on here? I'm also getting a dude to build out the Google Sheet for the profit-loss stuff.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sweet.
Arran Humphreys: Why is this so  difficult for a dude? MineOS does that, bro. It does a  load. Everything loads, but the app, the app's fine.
Kyle Musca: Thanks. Do you know when it says low impression count, does that just mean it's doing dog ? I would say it probably just hasn't given much spend to it.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: We're like 18th of March. We've had this for about a month. It's a lead magnet as well. I don't think those lead magnets work very well. Is that like a follower ad? No, so you see a free 30-day transformation challenge, free $499 pre- and post-game nutrition manual.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. So this is what we're talking about. A masterclass would be better for that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So see how it's like free 30-day transformation. Transformation Challenge, it's like you've just given them something practical, well, theoretically, you've just given them something practical to use for 30 days, so why would they need a coach?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You might be asking yourself, what actually... Before we do a masterclass, I think it's very important for us to suss who your audience actually is, otherwise we're just doing it for no reason.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Separates us from the rest of the online fitness coaches out there in the market. Well, our app and our fulfillment is second to none. You get a fully customized workout plan, not just from me, but from a whole team, including the nutrition plan, which you're working with closely with my nutritionist each and every day to tailor towards your lifestyle, your goals, and everything in between to make sure you get the best results on the program. But the best thing about the entire program is the food diary. Now, this is what really separates us from the rest. So really, what he's doing here is he's just showcasing the use of the actual app, which isn't a bad idea. Like, I do it in my videos. , it's got the same platform platform as me. So the online fitness coaches, it's the accountability with the food diet. So you log every single one of your meals, whether it's on the meal plan or off the meal plan. Now, we also have calorie AI tracking. So you can take a photo of every six. The petrol prices might be draining your wallet, but your bad habits might be draining.
Arran Humphreys: That's right. I got that idea off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I saw that as well, but it's  stupid because if you're bringing in people that are  scared around petrol prices, then they're just cheap , you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You'd probably be better off the  mic. If you noticed that fuel increase, then we're not the right fit, you broke . I'd be so interested to see how his ads go because, like, apparently it does well, but I feel like it's kind of  because, like, his audience is very... Young, his audience is very young, and none of his ads are- you waste another weekend? You drink Friday, you drink Saturday?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, because he's like friends with Alfie in LA.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I reckon Alfie's business has tanked quite a lot too, because he gets- Oh, wait, no. I saw where I searched Alfie.
Arran Humphreys: Was it with you? Yeah, it was with me. We were sussing him out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, nothing crazy. He turns off his likes and comments and everything as well, so I don't reckon he does that well. But look at these ones, that do do pretty sweet. Yeah, maybe. But, you know, yeah, but none of these are really like- I don't really look at any of these and be like, that's a  six. Don't mention it. Yeah, yeah, back to yours. That's a  one, know.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that one did good. That was like me a little, like, just, like, storytelling , bro. And it went well. I actually had a lad sign up when he watched that, like, organically come through from that.
Kyle Musca: See, I think one reason why the organic may have slowed is that it depends on how long ago you post this. Six days, it's only about a week. Is this, you've stopped putting your personality into it so much, but it could be obviously while you're just traveling.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You're not talking as much.
Arran Humphreys: Not as much talk and head ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, or just getting your personality in there somehow so people can actually see, you know, who you are and what you're about.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because if you wanted to, you know, if you had to do all right organically with fly-in, fly-out work, it's like what you could do is like do a lot of, even just reaction. Videos around  what it's like to live on site and , you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Like, if you, you'll notice with mine, like, I don't even, I don't do heaps of fitness. I would, for you, because yours is obviously a fitness business and I'm sort of slowly starting to move away from that model, not detaching completely. But, like, you'll see I talk a A lot about, you know, that had nothing to do with fitness. That was just being, you know, , I don't know if you saw that, but, and I obviously do still do some stuff there, but that's more about  relationship and mindset. That is, that's Australian politics. That is, that is, that's again, a bit more about mindset. But you see that these do a lot  better, you know, because they're not in a specific niche. Well, they are, but they're not one that's  super oversaturated.
Arran Humphreys: You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, I get that.
Kyle Musca: Um, so, cause you've got this stuff nailed down, like the, this stuff's, like, you've got that on dial.
Arran Humphreys: Mm.
Kyle Musca: And I do like these types of videos where you just sort of, you know, pick up the, the, the phone and film something.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But probably missing the, I guess the virality aspect of it, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I get you.
Kyle Musca: And the way I like to look at these is these just sort of intro you into something that you can talk on and then like it just hooks people in automatically. So it's essentially the same as these types of videos, you know what mean? But you just, you can use someone to leverage it into you and then you just continue on that point.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One thing I've been doing, oh, actually, yeah, I can do it here. And then one thing I've been focusing on a lot this last week specifically is I'm posting anything yet, but I think it'd be really good for you as well because you're going to be doing that type of coaching content. Yeah, something like this. What's going on here? You need that? I already know I'm going to cop some hate for this, but this physique is 100% achievable within your first year of training. And there's two reasons why most people aren't able to do it. First, they just have below average. So one, it was a controversial hook, you know what mean? You want to be kind of controversial. If you go look at mine, I'm like in the comment section of my recent videos. don't if I'm to start, I think it's left, right, and center. ...because genetics, but they're The second and most likely reason, most people in their first year of training just simply don't know what they're doing. For the first 6 to 12 months of lifting, you're going to experience what's known as newbie gains, where your physique will respond better than it ever will again in its natural lifting career. So although your response is going to be at an all-time high, your knowledge and execution is going be at an all-time low, so most people end up wasting this period. And if you're wondering what's actually possible, this is my client Craig. He's 38 and never touched a dumbbell in his life. Six months later, this is how he's looking 100% natural. Then there's my boy Jarrod, who only took 12 weeks to go from this to this. Now, by no means am I hating on the guy in the video. All I'm saying is it is possible to achieve that type of Zeke or better within a year's time. And if you're someone who's trained for more than a year, let me know your thoughts in the comments. You know what I mean? So it's like I've just used that whole topic to Trojan horse transformation, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I one was similar. Yeah, similar concept. So for context, right, this is like, this is what a physique looks like with five years of training.
Arran Humphreys: It's like, well,  it, I don't know what you've been doing.
Kyle Musca: So just to look at the hook. Now, I'm not trying to come across here as a professional hater, but if this is what your physique looks like after five years of lifting, then you are doing something wrong. And the guy that made this... You know what I mean? And then I'll just skip to the part where I should talk about it. ...people that this is what they can expect to achieve. And to put that in perspective, this is how one of my clients came to me, a very average physique. And all it took them was 12 weeks to go from this to this. And the reality is, it does not take a relatively long time to build a decent physique if you know what you're doing. And to this guy... You know what I mean? So it's like, you can just use them to like Trojan horse your own client transformations in there. And then if they have that virality aspect, that all of a sudden... It becomes a really nice, highly engaging piece of content.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, and then add in a good call to action in the caption as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Sometimes what I'll do as well is for something like this or especially something like this, and if you've legitimately been training for five, if you've legitimately been putting in effort for the last five years and you haven't seen much results, get a coach because what you're doing clearly isn't working.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, again, you create the gap for why you're needed because then anyone that looks at that who's been training like, you know, even for some time and they just haven't really seen a response to me, oh, , like I need a, it kind of breaks that belief, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: So you're like, that's like when they say like you're making the problem known like to them, like that's right, like you're making the problem. They may not realize now they're like, oh, I can't, I have been training for five years, I'll still look like .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean like, yeah, yeah. Yeah, we, yo. You're essentially, I guess, you're essentially talking directly to them, but throwing stones at someone else so they don't feel offended. And you're showing them social proof because you're like, this is what's possible when you work with me, essentially. Because again, it's like the what, but it's not the how.
Arran Humphreys: This is what's possible when you know how to do things properly. If you want to know how to do things properly, have to come to me. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay. No, I'll definitely start pumping them. I remember I did a few of them, a few of them ages ago, and they did do pretty good, so I'll still keep going. I had some fat, I had some fat , bro, sharing them to me, to their story, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, that's the thing, man. Like, you want to cause controversy, like, even if you can.
Arran Humphreys: remember someone who pleases everyone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, this video here, like, actually didn't do that well. It's not to do with fitness or anything. That one there didn't actually do that well, you know, off the rip. But because I was just in there  arguing with people and then people would start arguing with each other and stuff, it drove the comments up massively, like 268. And now it's just like, it's probably gained a thousand followers in the last couple of days. So it's actually like, because of all that engagement, it's starting to like re-rip.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. Another one's like this, man.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? 632 comments. Like, it's purely just getting people to argue. It's heavily controversial because there's some people in here, like, saying that  it's her fault. Other dudes in there saying it's his fault.
Arran Humphreys: You know what I mean? Like, you're creating controversy to people to argue for. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I could definitely start doing that  a bit more. I did have one question, bro, too, that I just remembered. So I've done a few and they ripped. My missus, she's almost at 12K followers now, and she was at 1500 at the start of the year. Now she's been pumping them. It's like you do a little hook and then it just goes into like a motivational speech. But it's obviously just bringing in a hit because like her leads are coming through now. I've done a few and they went pretty well. Got followers. You get followers. But I'm like, because it's not really related in any way. It's not me talking. It's not me. You know, it's a speech. Do you think that's just going to bring in like a heap of followers and just  me account? Yeah. Because what I'm thinking is, do I try and chuck a few of them in, try and get up to that like 10K followers so it looks more, I feel like if you see 10K, people see you more credible. I don't know. What's your thoughts?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if you, I mean, you don't want to do that  because if you bring in like low engagement followers, then they're  useless. So a good example of this is actually Sage. So he's been running like follow ads and everything like that from what it seems. And he's gained heaps of followers. Don't get me wrong. But like his engagements, you know, the same as it ever was. And what that, what that can do is actually  your account because Instagram sees where you've got heaps of followers, but none of those followers are engaging with your account. It's the same as Breeze. Like, and if you actually run, because I've got a guy that can actually run ghost followers and , like run a thing to see how many like followers are not active and not engaging with you. So, and then he goes through and deletes them. So it brings up your accounts engagement ratio, but it's the exact same with Breeze. Um, like when, cause I did, we did that for her and she only has like. 1,500 legitimate followers. She just posted a photo, like, ages ago that brought in, like, 10,000 followers or something like that, but then they just never engage with her account again. And it's just, like, we're in a , you know, lock of not being able to grow out of that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Doesn't mean you can't do well through ads because she kills it through ads. But, like, yeah, I wouldn't do that. There's no point in having a big following if you're not getting engaged. Like, even for mine, I'm, I got the guy in my account to go and start deleting followers from mine.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right, yeah. So, yeah, I'll probably write, yeah, because I was just wondering if I'd do them or not, because I knew they didn't bring in, bring in leads because my followers went up, but leads stayed the same. And I was like, oh, this obviously doesn't convert.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the other thing is, like, who's following off that as well? I like, I could only see, like, it depends. What's your missus' name again?
Arran Humphreys: Naomi, N-A-O-M-I.
Kyle Musca: N-A-O-M-I.
Arran Humphreys: But it's brought a whole, yeah, that one there. It's brought a whole account up, like, yeah, Rich. But I told her to start posting more.
Kyle Musca: Is this it?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, like, that one got one. One of them's got, like, 3.9 mil, like, a few of them's , but, um, all of her reels go nuts now, as in, like, the views and , if you know, but she did, that was good, because she did a transformation, and it did well. So, I don't know. Maybe it's just made her account just quite hectic now because she did that.
Kyle Musca: The other thing as well, man, is like Instagram is very biased with who it favors. You know, and some accounts can post the same content. One will just  go crazy ham. The other just won't. Yeah, so she's just doing a lot of the same stuff.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so that one that got 5.3 mil, I did the same one, and it did like 220,000 on my account. But the same thing. It brings in followers, but I don't know if it's going to like, you know, convert to anything. So I think I'll probably try and avoid it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you can do them here and there. I just wouldn't. Lie on them, like, as your main thing, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Because, yeah, the last thing you want is, like, a bunch of  followers that just aren't, just don't do anything.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. You want them to actually be engaging. But the engagement actually has been going actually pretty good now, which is good. It's gone more consistent, better over time. Story views have gone up a lot, too, which has been good.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's good, because it means your following is engaged in you, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Like, I'm getting, when I do the polls and , I'm getting actually more people doing them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, so, that's just, yeah, it comes down to a consistency thing. Like, don't me wrong, you know, if it's working and stuff, and it does do well. You know, you can use them. just, again, I just wouldn't rely on it as your main, like, I just wouldn't flog them because otherwise, one, people can see it as shitposting and two, like, they won't actually know who you are.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, I have another, I've seen quite a few lads do it, that, like, Vincent Fisher, dude, and that, they do the story, how, you know, we ask questions and then answer it on the story, then they obviously save it, and then they post that as a reel. I have heaps of them saved. Like, have you, have you ever thought about, like, you know, obviously, you're answering a question that people have asked, and then you post it as a reel? Is that something I should try out, do you reckon?
Kyle Musca: You could definitely try that. That's similar to one of the ways I grew on TikTok originally, actually, is what, replying back to comments as a full-on video on its own. Because then, again, what it does is it encourages that type of behavior, so more people comment on it.
Arran Humphreys: I'm hoping to get a reply from you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, well, I'll give it a go because I've got heaps of them saved, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, it's, again, it's worth testing stuff out and just to see if it works and stuff because, again, you never know. You know what mean? Like, realistically, that's just a talking straight to the camera type of video with a little text box in it, and that might be the thing that, you know, allows it to push into a much larger audience.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. So, okay. Oh, cool. There's a couple of things that I can definitely improve on organically-wise as well, which is good because that's something that I definitely know I can improve on. So, it just gives me a bit more of a where I need to go there as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, I think, yeah, keep doing the, like, the trending audio type thing because they show your physique. So, I would definitely try and get some sort of talking head, whether it be reaction or not, but just so people can actually see you and your personality, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Is there anything else you want to run over, man?
Arran Humphreys: Not really, bro. No, that's pretty straightforward. Obviously, yeah, we'll just keep trying these different audiences. If you can get your writer to do some scripts, they'll be mad. They'll just make it quicker for me. And then I'll do these graphics as well. So we've got them there and keep cranking, man. I also have a shitload of pretty decent candidates for this coach. I've got them all to send me a video. So then I'm... When I get home, I'm going to interview them all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, bro. Yeah, keep me updated on that. Hopefully, we can crack the ads before then.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We'll go from there.
Arran Humphreys: Sick, man. Sick. No, I appreciate that, bro. Appreciate the time.
Kyle Musca: No worries, man. Enjoy Japan. And yeah, if you have any issues, let me know. I'll reach out to the script, the copywriter, now and hopefully get them done up before we get back.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sick. Right, man. Appreciate it, bro.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Awesome. Cheers, man. Cheers, man. See you back. Bye.


>>> 177/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-23T04:04:16Z | id:140367482
People: Kyle Musca

Harry: This meeting is being recorded. How are bro?
Kyle Musca: Good, how are you?
Harry: Good, man, good. Same old, just chilling. Nothing too crazy. Self?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, same to be honest, man. Like, I've had a pretty couple of hectic weeks and I've sort of just taken a little bit of a step back this week, which is nice.
Harry: Yeah, I was going to say, it sounds like you get pretty  crazy with it all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so kind of all hit me at once, but getting there. Cool, man. We'll rip right in. want to cover pretty much all the ad stuff.
Harry: Today, did you get that check-in form I sent through? I did. Sorry, I didn't reply to just saying it, but I did get it in, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I just had one too, because I wasn't sure if it came through. We'll quickly power through that, but how has this week been as a general overview?
Harry: Well, I mean, obviously coming off the high of last week, this week definitely feels like a bit of a flat one. You know, I just happened to get, obviously, a lot of that organic traction through last week. Like, I mean, that was  retarded. You know, that was genuinely crazy. So, you know, obviously, 8K, I just got the notification, yeah, 7.9 getting sent to my account. Like, that's just, you know, that's crazy. But obviously, then anything after that that's not at that same level is going to feel like a disappointment. So it definitely does feel a bit like that. But, you know, I think it's just like, obviously, organic is so hit and miss. Some weeks you'll get 10, some weeks you'll get none. I think girls are a little bit more, like, secure with the organic side of things. And I think that I've been comparing myself to that a little bit too much because I was talking to some of the girls who don't run ads and, you know, they have a coaching thing. But I think it's a very different sort of system. It takes a bit more to get the lads to trust you and put it in that application. So I'm just excited to see how we go with the ads. I'm just, the biggest thing is I just want to create some sense of regularity. And if we can see, okay, we spend this and we get this. Okay, we know what we need to crank. We know what we can do. It's just right now, I feel a little bit like in the lurch because I'm like, okay, I don't know what's coming in because I've got no consistency. You know, while these things do work in hindsight. It's like, are they going to work to this level? Are they going to work to this level? It's like, we have no data to run off. And that kind of just wigs me out because I'm like, okay, you know, what happens if three drop off next week? And then, you know, this is down and then that's down. And I've still got, you know, three weeks until these boys' payments start. And I'm just like, it's just like, I just, I'm jumping on myself a bit at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So that's the thing with organic. It can have its highs, it can have its lows. And yeah, it is, it is pretty relatively inconsistent. That's why I kind of, what you said there as well, in terms of girls having a little bit more, you know, traction organically. I think, you know, that's kind of why I also brought it up at the start to potentially, you know, keep an option open for you.
Harry: Because girls tend to spend more money on this type of . You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And like someone I could see, you know, you being pretty similar to if you wanted to go in that direction real quick before we dive into everything else is, do you know Nate Hoffman?
Harry: I just actually met him like a week ago at the gym.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I've seen some of his  beast, bro. Yeah. Yeah.
Harry: But like, I mean, I
Kyle Musca: To me, he seems like someone who's pretty similar to yours in terms of build, you know, look and everything like that.
Harry: And what he's done is a really, really good job of just getting these girls to basically affiliate market for him. And then, you know, girls build out the community a lot more than guys do.
Kyle Musca: Like girls love to post this . They love to sort of feel like, you know, guys do too. They love to be a part of an internal community, but girls obviously love, you know, making content and posting their body and everything like that. And what happens when you get to like this level, if you can build it, is girls will start coming to you just for the sake of them wanting to be posted on the feed.
Harry: Right. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Completely up to you. You know, obviously just- How would you- Yeah.
Harry: Look, I'm not opposed to it whatsoever. I think that, you know, obviously the whole idea is that now I'm, you know- Okay, sorry. Let me rephrase. Where I've sort of been previously with it is that I don't personally want to coach young women because I know- I have coached them before and I know the kind of demand that it gets and I know it's a very different mechanism than coaching lads. But what I haven't done is taken it from the perspective of you're not going to be coaching these women individually. They're going to be under probably a woman coach under you as well. So I think that my hesitancy around that is actually not placed in the right direction because it's not going to actually be directly imposing on me.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, yeah, 100%. And you're right, yeah, like the ultimate goal is to get you out of the coaching seat, you coach the clients that you want to coach or just not at all, you know, completely like you want to do. Yeah, yeah. And it does come down to you. If I had to do mine again, I guess I just resonate with men a lot more because of my content and . But like I definitely think tapping into the female markets like a good sort of strategy. Like because the good thing about that is as well for you is you could do both, you know what mean? So it just opens you up to more of a potential. But again, it is completely up to you.
Harry: How would I go about like, I guess, Just doing that, you know, because I do, obviously, you know, my page is 90% male followers. How would I go about trying to reach out to women? I haven't coached, I have two older women that I still coach, but I haven't coached women in a long time. I guess just a big switch is like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: We could always just test it with the ads. That's the good thing about the ads is we can put it, you know, in front of whoever we want, however we want, and see how it performs.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And even, with that, you know, usually I do find, like, on average, when we, you know, when coaches target females, it's usually a lower cost per lead and everything like that than when they, you know, even when I target males, for example. Just because males do tend to have the mindset of, like, I don't need help, I'll just do it myself.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, like, these are just factors to take into consideration. And, again, when it comes to marketing, it's really all about just sort of testing and seeing what, you know, works best for. Yeah, yeah.
Harry: I'm definitely open to giving it a shot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's not something we'll do like immediate.
Harry: not like we'll put all that eggs in that basket, but maybe we do, you know, create some graphics or something specifically for them and just test the waters. Yeah, yeah, I think that's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: So, how many calls have you had like this week?
Harry: Like, so, sorry, when we're on the, from the little check-in form, do you want me to go, okay, that's last week or do you want me to go Thursday to Thursday? Sorry, I'm just like, I'll get all numbers  up.
Kyle Musca: So, I just was like. Yeah, what I would probably do just to keep things nice and simple is like, yeah, the last seven days from, you we're going have these calls Thursday to Thursday, might want to do Wednesday to Wednesday.
Harry: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Well, after, so after I, we had a call the other day, I had two more calls on Thursday, one on the Friday, landed all three. And I'm meant to have one tomorrow and possibly one later today. An old mate of mine reached out. I'm just waiting. He's working nights just a moment. So I'm just waiting to find out from him what time suits. So fingers crossed we can get, you know, maybe one of those two. That's, yeah, that's the whole of it so far, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Now, the other thing, has anything changed from last week to this week, like in terms of lower content volume, anything like that?
Harry: Higher, probably less CTAs, yes. I had, I've just been posting, but I've made, I've made an effort to post every single day. Last week, I think I did five, but I've posted every single day so far this week. And my most, two most recent reels, if you go to the reels tab, you'll see that the numbers are a bit higher on the ones that aren't pinned. The first two after that, you see 13.9 and then the one below that got 19 or 20, yeah. And so these were just like, obviously the bigger caption to keep them reading that a little bit longer, tried to focus on some different things. I've thrown in the bottom part of it, which I had to make, this was the one I had to make reach out directly for me. He's like, it's time to step my  up. So I'm just trying to include extra things on there. Yeah. last week, the one that got me the, uh, the reason they came in last week, was on the, just on these as well. I think it was just, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah. Sorry. Just on these. I've never actually done it before, but like, cause this is a primary style of content for you. We could always try and run this as an ad.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. I'd be more than happy to give it a try.
Kyle Musca: And like, just put a CTA. Yeah. Yeah. Fat loss rate exploded when stopped doing these five things.
Harry: And it does tie directly into sort of what you've been, um, putting to the scripts, which is the lack of, you know, not having as restricted stuff, not doing this, this, that. Um, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what you might want to do is at the end here, probably not something like that. Let's go. Again, I've never tried this, but we could always run this. The only thing is people, and I assume they are, because this is why they're getting good views, is because people are stopping to read this.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We'll come back to that. Let's get our normal ad  done first, and we can look at adding that. It's not what you can preach it then, boy. I'm sorry, you see? Now you respect me, because I'm a threat. That's the way it works. Yeah, and then like, so something like that even. Again, I've never tried it, but we could add like a third end screen of just like you, you know, maybe it's a video of your physique or whatever. And it's like, ready to make it your turn, DM you, you know.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, ready for your turn.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I like it. Yeah, yeah.
Harry: More than happy to give it, yeah, chuck some money and see what happens.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll play around with it. So there's a couple, we'll power through that, because that's the main thing I want to get done in this session. Did you have a chance to read through these docs?
Harry: I got through the. I just didn't get a chance to get through the next one. But I like the ideas. I like where it sort of sits with things. There's only some little stuff that I changed or highlighted. The only thing was we, so obviously we're moving more towards 30s and 40s, taking out 20s. Is there just, is that, you know, obviously they have a bit more money, they have a bit more time, or maybe not more time, but they have a bit more money.
Kyle Musca: You could, to be fair, you could say in his late 20s or 30s, like you can change this. That's what I said, like reword it.
Harry: But I don't like to go and publicly say I'm looking for guys in their 20s, because then it brings through, like, if it brings through 22-year-olds and , they usually just have some It's no good, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But if you could, I didn't even think about this, but you could say late 20s or 30s.
Harry: Late 20s or 30s, yeah. I don't mind looking and running one of each, because I do like the 40-year-olds and stuff that come in as well.
Kyle Musca: They're good to coach. Yeah. So, mean, it really just depends on your main demographic and who you're resonating with. But yeah, you probably are going to resonate with, you know, late 20s, early 30s. So, I'd probably even change that to that.
Harry: Yep, yep. Yep. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Now, yeah, and then just come through and reword these if you want to, slightly. Like, I went through and put, like, a lot of time into rewriting them, essentially. He does them pretty good, but, like, we want make sure things are, you know, as authentic as possible. Yeah, exactly. So, yeah, if there's anything that you're not a fan of, just obviously change it. But he does do a good job of, like, researching and everything because, like, even, you know, for these ones, he actually went on your profile and pulled through.
Harry: Yeah, I did see that. Yeah, that's cool.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, you can definitely just change the story around a little bit if it doesn't match.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, no, I like it. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. So, that is, like, just as simple as, obviously, getting a, you know, videographer or just filming it however you want. There's three ways to film it, man. One is, I do two of them at the moment. So, I'm pretty lazy with everything I do these days. Obviously, I'm traveling a lot as well, so I have to kind of, you know, make do. But there's the talking to head camera ones, right? I'm feeling generous.
Harry: So you just like hold the phone, talk straight to the camera. It looks nice and authentic, nice and organic.
Kyle Musca: I'm going to do a giveaway. I'm going to give you the chance to win over $10,000 included in all expenses. By the way, if you want to look at my ads, you just come into ads library, type in ads library.
Harry: So, I didn't even know that was a thing, hey? Yeah, and then just go Australia, all ads, and then type in my name, and you'll see all my active ads.
Kyle Musca: And then there's ones where I just set the camera up, and I sit down, and I just talk straight to the camera. So, like these types. All right, so you just face it. So. So I basically just sit down, speak straight to the camera, and then I just get edited, put like overlays and  on it to keep the video nice and engaging. And then there's like the obviously more professional style where get a videographer and everything like that and just get it filmed and done. For the first time, if you're not sort of like super-versed, like talking on camera and everything like that and like understanding how to hit the tonalities and everything, I'd probably do that just to get a good feel for it. Who does? The other thing as well is what I used to do is I just basically set my camera up on a tripod and I just kind of moved around the gym just to get like different angles and stuff.
Harry: It is completely up to you, whatever you want to do. Yeah, that's sort of, yeah, I'll give it a shot. And obviously, yeah. Would you recommend, you know, being in like a nice kitchen or like, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you can change environments because we'll have different, three different scripts. So what I would try and do is I would try and definitely change the hook like angle. So we want them to, we don't want, we don't want, even if it's like script one, hook one versus script one, hook two, we don't want the hooks to look in the same environment because people might just instantly see it. I've already seen this, keep scrolling. So we want to make a complete change. Now the environment is really, really important of who you're talking to. So obviously the gym's a safe bet if you're talking about health and fitness, it makes sense if you're in a gym. A good example of this is like, if I was to market to tradies, for example, then it would make sense for me to even be on a job site or on high biz or something like that to, you know, you know, I guess relate to tradies a little bit.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right. So, yeah. I mean, for these, it's pretty simple. You can do them at home. You can do them at the gym. You can do them in the kitchen. You can do them down the park, whatever you want to do. Like, it's not, it's not, you know, crazy. Most places want to. You can do them. down the beach if it's not windy.
Harry: mean, yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you reckon that? Like, you know, is there any particular thing that, you know, should I be wearing?
Kyle Musca: Should I have, like, the rig out? Should I have singlet on? Yeah, I do them with a shirt now when I sit down and talk. But, you know, like, something I could see working really, really well for you, because I know in script three specifically, fairly sure, this is, like, pretty sure from memory, this is, like, more, like, goal-orientated, right? Yeah, broader shoulders, bigger lads, yadda, yadda, yadda. So, like, that, for example, what I could see working well there is, like, if you're just, you know, in your bodies or something like that, and you're just walking down the beach, and it's just you talking straight to the camera, or, like, someone filming you as you're just walking in a straight line.
Harry: Yeah, yep, that makes sense. Would you have it, like, you know, walking with me, like, the camera with me, or would you have the camera fixed and me just sort of walking?
Kyle Musca: You could do a bit of a mix, you know what mean? Yeah, so what I'd really recommend doing with these as well is if you haven't done heaps of talking content, break it down into either one sentence or even half a sentence if you want. Don't try and like say too much at once because it would just become  word jumble in your mouth, right?
Harry: Jumble, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for example, you know, you wouldn't, you might not say all of this at once because that might be really hard to remember and a lot to like do properly. But it's like what you might do is like if you're a man in his late 20s or if you're a man in his late 20s or 30s who wants broader shoulders, bigger arms, and a shredded midsection, and then you cut there, right? And then it's a new angle or even just a new clip, but still has 10 kilos of fat sitting between, but still has 10 kilos of fat sitting between you and that look, then stick around because I'm about to show you how to lose it and get real results.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, you can see that on when I do this as well. But, like, once you edit it out, you don't really notice it. All right, lads, I'm stoked to announce I just launched my brand-new Six Months to Shredded Challenge.
Harry: So that's where I would have cut. And then designed is, like, a new thing.
Kyle Musca: Specifically for men who need 15 to 30-plus kilos of fat and actually feel confident in their physique. getting into the best physical mental... So I would have stopped, thought about what I was... Because I don't script for these. I just kind of, like, think about them as I do. But I would have stopped and thought about what the next thing was and then done it. If your your life isn't motivating enough, how about I throw in over $10,000 worth of prizes, including an all-expenses-paid holiday, straight to Thomas.
Harry: But see how you don't really notice it. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense?
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it does. Do you have a videographer or anything like that?
Harry: I don't. I don't. But it's, you know, I've done a bit of talking before for, like, other brands and stuff.
Kyle Musca: So I've done a little bit of it, but obviously not for my own. Yeah. This is Vaughan. He's only got...
Harry: Do you not want? I don't know. No.
Kyle Musca: So Vaughn, I actually got him into the video stuff, so he knows exactly how I like to do my ads and everything like that. He's on the golf post. He's a real nice guy, and he's actually really good at directing behind the camera. So it might be worth reaching out to him and having a chat if you need a hand with that.
Harry: Yeah, cool. I'll have a crack and see what I can get down to then. Go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect. Any questions on the video stuff at all?
Harry: I don't really think so. I think I've just got to get it up, get it going, and have a mess around with it. I just guess, yeah, no, no, I don't think so.
Kyle Musca: That'll come to me, I'm sure, but not right now. Yeah, cool. Once you film them as well, I have like editors and stuff like that that can edit them for you. It'll depend on the editor, but usually they're charged between like 20 to 30 USD for a video edit, which is pretty good and save time. Yeah, that's pretty.
Harry: Yeah, save a lot of time.
Kyle Musca: I don't have ads because it's like we're going to spend money on them, like once we'll get the profession to edit.
Harry: pretty pretty good. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Now, the graphics that we do, right, they're kind of, they are this, but like, I'm trying to find them. Let's go with this one. All right, so they're basically like this. We want to, I'm creating them in, again, I can get my, I've trained my graphic designer to actually create these now. So if you just want to do the content for them, you can send them to him. He does them for like $4 per graphic. Otherwise, you can't create them yourself. It's completely up to you, right? Now, there's two ways I create them. One is in Instagram directly. However, I've shifted to making them in Canva now, which is what I did here, just because it is a little bit easier to make changes and stuff if you  things up. You just have, the biggest thing with these is they need to look like an organic Instagram story, right? They can't look like an ad, right? That's why they work. So, you'll have a title, and then what I've got is the... I this framework thing. Now, with these, I very, very, very, very strongly recommend do not use AI to create them. AI is very bad at creative writing. Even if you prompt it really, really well, you still have to rewrite it. Most people just can't do that. And then it influences everything that you say if you get to do the writing initially.
Harry: No, I'll just do it myself anyway.
Kyle Musca: That's fine. Yeah.
Harry: I don't like AI. When AI is creating stuff, I just think it's too  junky.
Kyle Musca: It sounds like a  machine. Yeah. And then everyone puts out the same thing and it's just , you know, no one likes it. The other thing as well is, is this the right thing? Yeah. The other thing with AI is it's very, very, very vague. Like we don't want vagueness in this. The person reading it should know exactly who it's for, what it's about, and how it applies to them.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And graphic frameworks. So each one of these is a different framework that you can use, right? Yeah. So bold, overreaching statement about what their result means beyond just physical. Then you see the example. Having a great physique is just one part of a much bigger shift or one piece of a much bigger puzzle. Feature habit that will transfer into another area of their life benefit that gives them. The consistency it builds will start showing up in your work, your relationships, and your mindset. Physical hormonal change benefit it gives them. Your testosterone energy and drive will climb naturally. Emotional, mental change. Your confidence, focus, and mood will notice it will improve. And the biggest one, your mental health will genuinely transform. I'm looking for 10 men who want to drop 10 to 20 kilos and feel like a completely different version of themselves. If that's you, DM me, shift, I'll show you exactly how to make an app. These are just generic examples as well, so it's like I wouldn't take inspiration from them, but make it happen. Right. Specific demographic, age, lifestyle, occupation, or life stage. We want a specific measurable goal, right? Men in their 30s and 40s who want to strip 10 to 20 kilos of fat without turning their life upside down. This is for you, right? Who they are, what they've tried, excuses, starting ever guessing, et cetera, et et cetera. I'm looking for 12 men who are fed up going in circles and want to finally make real progress, right? Feature that you'll give them plus the benefit. Now, again, that's a very common thing. We never want to say a feature, which is like custom training or something like that, because that means  all, right? Without the benefit, right? So it's like custom training program. So you don't have to think about anything.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Or so you can get the best results with minimal effort or something like that, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'll put together a plan built around your schedule. So you still get the, you know, still get the best results possible. I'll obviously put a little bit more effort into the wording there, but it's just an example, right? Yeah.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry: With the – oh, sorry, Bruce. With the – hey, you've said I'm looking for 12 guys. Is there any sort of ideology behind what number we should put in that?
Kyle Musca: know, is how much is too many? How much is too little? Not really. I like to do anywhere between like 6 to 12. 12 is probably even a little bit higher. That's right.
Harry: That's literally the only thing I was thinking. thought 12 maybe is a little higher.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 12 – usually I do like 6 to 8, maybe 7. I probably wouldn't do well with 8, depending on your size and profile and everything like that. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Reason we do that is just – it is shunned a little bit, but it does work.
Harry: Like it adds urgency to people. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And just the phrase, I'm looking for X people, right, it just works.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, obviously, if you sort of – again, urgency and scarcity are the biggest driver – one of the biggest drivers of actions, but it needs to be like legitimate urgency and scarcity. Like if you're putting up on your story. Sorry, every single week. I've only got, yeah, three spots left.
Harry: I've only got three spots left. I've only got three spots left. taking the piss.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But it's like, if you said, you know, if you change that to, I'm opening up three spots, or I'm opening up some, I'm opening up three spots for lads looking to strip 10 kilos for the next 90 days. You know what mean? It's a sense of, like, scarcity, I guess, because you're opening three spots, but you're not necessarily saying that's the cap on it.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Again, I wouldn't flog it too hard, but, like, again, there's genuine urgency and scarcity, and if done right, it is a really powerful, gets people to take action. You know what mean?
Harry: Because people read it, and they might be interested, and they're like, oh, yeah, I'll do it, like, later, but it's like, you need to give them a reason to do it now. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So, question of the name is the exact physical goal, cut that build muscle physical abs, lose X, Y, Z. All right. All All I'm looking for X people who want a specific result. Now, the reason I do this is because you've never marketed it to them. So it's like we can go off the launch with I'm looking for X people. And it also filters through because it's ads and stuff like that. doesn't, you know, it will show your ads to the same people a couple of times, but not enough for people to, you know, if you started with, you know, you just said, I'm looking for eight people this week. And then in a month's time, we say, I'm looking for six people. People aren't going to remember. I mean, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because it's not like it's your story where it's showing it to the same people over and over and over again.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. Yep. Right. So, you know, when you cut fat, build muscle, and actually see your abs for the first time, I'm looking for 12 men who want to drop 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks. Now, the other thing with these is, again, be very tangible and very, very specific. You know what I mean? So 12 men, 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks. I mean, like anytime you can use a number, use a number.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. I mean, this This is something AI is very, very  at is being very vague. So it's like what AI will tend to do is like, even just something like you're putting in the effort, but you're not seeing the result. It's like people can like kind of connect the dots, but like what, who the  does that talk to? Is it talking to people that are trying to create a business or be putting in effort, but not seeing a return financially? Or is it, you know, talking to people that would be putting effort into their relationship, but they're not seeing a result back from their partner? Like it doesn't call out exactly who we're talking to. So it's like, we want to be specific, want to cut fat, build muscle, and actually see your abs for the first time.
Harry: Like you read that, you know exactly what it's about.
Kyle Musca: You read that, you know exactly what it's about.
Harry: That makes sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now to keep it simple as well with these, there's three, there's a lot of different sort of things you could do, but the three main ones that I would sort of like focus, I guess you would call them like subcategories, right? That is moving. Moving. Away from pain, right? So it's like sick looking in the mirror and hating the person you see, right? As an example of pain. There's dream outcome, right? Want to be able to take your shirt off at the beach and feel confident in your physique, right? And then there's physical attribute. So want to cut fat, build muscle, and actually see your abs for the first time.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, I like it.
Kyle Musca: Understanding, I think yours is probably going to be more dream outcome, physical attribute focused. Right? Because like, you know, I don't, I mean, I could be wrong. But so, for example, one of my clients, her coaching company is specifically for women who need to lose 20 plus kilos of fat. So it's like she pulls on the levers of pain a lot more. Yeah, yeah. Whereas if a guy only needs to cut maybe eight kilos of fat, but he just wants to get bigger shoulders and, you know, have a six pack, it's like he's more goal orientated.
Harry: And that's what his focus is. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yep. On the sales call, we might try and extract a bit more pain from him, but again, we're just trying to that initial step of action.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: We should try all three, but I think yours is probably going to be goal-focused and physical activity stuff.
Harry: I could imagine it. I think it is as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So again, I want to keep going through these, but you see all these different ones. And then even down here, these are still frameworks.
Harry: They're just not laid out. Searching quite as much. Yeah. Got it. Got it. I'll have a look through and have a little read.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Now, with these as well, what I'll do is just so you have a physical example of what these look like.
Harry: Oh, I was going to say as well, just because of the more intricate nature of the ads and getting the many chat and all that stuff sorted, I was just wondering, could I get the Fathom recording from last week just so can have a run back through where we were at with things?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So these are obviously graphics I've done before. Make sure you don't copy anything like that, but just use them as inspiration.
Harry: Just the play out and everything like that. You'll see it exactly the same.
Kyle Musca: Especially because we'll probably be marketing the same audience.
Harry: Yeah, very similar audience. Let me have a couple, brother.
Kyle Musca: Let me get up a little bit. Why is this not showing up? What's going on here?
Harry: Just got, finally got my prescription of, like, I've got off gear for four months now. And my, got my levels done and everything up. My free test was at 260, bro. I was just feeling like, oh, . So we finally got the prescription, arrived yesterday. So I'm , bro, I already feel better.
Kyle Musca: My pump was already better. I know it's all placebo, but I already feel better. Yeah. Yeah, I had that here, I  got, like. And I just felt like  for so long. I just kept getting like sick over like different types of sickness. Yeah. I got . And I was like, I'm going to get my blood work done to Sasso because I'm like, this is not normal. I was also in a pretty good calorie deficit. And my like test and free test was like bottom range natural.
Harry: And I was like, no, that's .
Kyle Musca: I was like, what's going on here?
Harry: I don't know why this is not  opening. Maybe it's because I want. That's right. No, no rush.
Kyle Musca: done a job though. All good.
Harry: I'll send both. Do you still, do you still run any gear or are you completely off everything?
Kyle Musca: I just do TRT.
Harry: And yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's not like a little bit of anababa.
Harry: Just get dry. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's good here, man. You can just go on chemist, pull out a book.
Harry: Yeah, bro. Cheat codes. think I'm going to be coming over to Thailand over towards the end of the year.
Kyle Musca: So I can just see what it's like. Where you are staying?
Harry: Not sure yet. There's a couple of my mates who, my mates from home. My where I'm... Thank Who grew up with and stuff and they want to do a bit of a trip around just after Christmas, New Year's, maybe a little bit of first couple weeks of Jan. So not sure yet. It's all very much in the works. But yeah, if you have any recommendations and suggestions, please let me know.
Kyle Musca: That'd be sick. Yeah, I would definitely come to... I would definitely go to Bangkok if you're coming over here. And if you guys want to party a little bit. I only spent a week there, but it was like a lot better than I thought I was. I it was going to be like dirty and a bit of a shithole, but it's actually really clean and modern. It's just traffic.
Harry: Oh, yeah, right. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you just get the train system everywhere. And then I would definitely come into Phuket. And the further south you go into Phuket, the better. It depends on what you want to do. Like if you want to do  through the day, yeah, I would probably do that. And then even if you want to go into Patong and everything like that, which is like the main, I guess, district and party area and stuff like that. But it's only like a 20, 30 minute bus start. You... You used to get, like, a van, but they're, like, full, like, luxury pimped-out vans.
Harry: You might have to send both halves of that video as well because, remember, my  thing  up and jumped out of it halfway through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think I did. Yeah, there's both of those there.
Harry: Oh, sorry, sorry.
Kyle Musca: I didn't see the first one. I'm sorry. Yeah. So that's what we need to do for graphics. Now, the graphics are going to be easier to turn around. So, again, if you want to create them, then by all means, go for it. Probably good to get used to playing around with them. A big thing with graphics as well, turn them into a 15-second video with royalty-free music on them. So what I mean by that is instead of just having it. So the reason for that is same as, like, a normal Instagram organic story is if you just put a photo up, it will only last five seconds. People won't have enough time to read everything on it and then they'll go, oh, , it's gone. Um, whereas if you put it as a 15 second video, you can do like 20, I think you can do longer, but just to be safe, um, then it will like play it as a 15 second video. So it stays on the screen a lot longer and people can actually read it.
Harry: Yeah. Would you do that in, uh, like edits?
Kyle Musca: I can just do it pretty easily in edits. Uh, yeah, it should be up to, it should be up to.
Harry: Yeah. yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: If it's too much to  around, I just sent it to my video, um, video editor and I was telling him to do it. I appreciate, uh, yeah, I'll find out a couple today and I'll see what you reckon. Yeah. Um, the other thing with the graphics is try and one, make sure nothing, um, does like crosses the, it's not technically the bottom one third, but I'd just say the bottom one third, but anything under here. Cause the CTA button of send message will sit here.
Harry: Uh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. So make sure there's no wording at the bottom there. Um, and then the other one, and also the top, uh, the top is not as bad. Like obviously the iPhone. Same thing will sit there, but if possible, try and get all the writing within a 4x5 aspect ratio, which is like almost a square. Reason for that is because we can chuck it up as a story as a vertical post like this and on Reels, but on feed post, if it's more than the 4x5, it will cut off the wording and stuff like that. So if that's the case, we just won't be able to post on the feed, but it's good to have it on the feed.
Harry: That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Harry: No, I think that's pretty clear.
Kyle Musca: Now, I'll come into the many chat.
Harry: Have you updated all the wording and everything on this? No, I haven't. Sorry. That's what I went to get back into it and I  got super flustered and I didn't know what I was doing. And that was why I wanted to run back through the video before, but I should ask you for that recording. So no, I haven't had a chance.
Kyle Musca: Sorry. Yeah, that's all good. So all you need to do is come into it and just press edit automation. And then. it. For you, all you'll need to do is just like reword the actual words. You don't need to change any of the other stuff and then just obviously remove the photos and change them with your actual clients.
Harry: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And that's pretty much it. And then Michael, he attached the capi?
Harry: Yep. Yep. He said he's all sorted.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then you're on a trial. So, yeah, cool. And then I'll probably delete all these if you're not going to use them. So, again, just keep in mind that if we do add a trigger word, really, really important that you do add it to this. Otherwise, it won't pull leads and they'll find that data.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. I'm getting this more in-depth sheet actually built out right now, but I'll show it to you anyway. So, this is the CEO dashboard. I won't send this to you just yet because, again, the guy should come back to me today with a more improved one. It's basically the same in terms of what this is, but I'm going to add a lead magnet section and then a profit and loss, like profit and loss tabs and everything like that. That'd be like a whole financial sheet. But essentially, this breaks down our funnel front to back, right? And it allows us to make sure we're on top of that. One, make sure if there's any kinks in the chain of the funnel, we can figure out where that is and what the problem is and how to solve that. But two, just making sure we're tracking all our KPIs through the entire funnel. So how this works, right, is if we spend, let's say, 1,500 on ads, and from that, we get 22 leads here as well. Difference between ManyChat and MetaAds is just we track that just to make sure that the copy is working properly and it's pulling through the right amount of data because sometimes it can disconnect its rear, but sometimes it can. All right, so that put our lead cost up decently high. All right, we usually want to see that within $40, $50. All But let's say out of that 22, let's say 12 people actually booked in a call, which is really high, right? Essentially, what we want to do for booking the lead ratio is like industry average is about 10%, right? Sometimes even lower. What I usually time to aim for, because I've got the setting process really, really dull and the messaging process, and we're targeting qualified leads, I like to see it at a bare minimum of 20%, but, you know, if we can get it obviously higher, the better, right?
Harry: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Now, so the call showed up. This is obviously the, let's say we had eight calls show up, right? So we've got a good show-up rate. Show-up rates are super, super important metric to focus on because, you know, if your show-up rate's at 50%, it's like the single best thing we can do to increase how much money you're making isn't by spending more money on ads and getting more calls booked in. It's just by actually making sure that those people actually show
Harry: Show up on the call. Rock up. More reminders and fit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sometimes, yes, sometimes, no. Sometimes it's like actually taking away reminders and adding more personalization.
Harry: We'll cover all that . Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cost per call, right? So we're just seeing how much it took us to actually get on a call. Total sales made. Let's say out of that you made four, which is a 50% close rate. Our cost to acquire that cost per acquisition from an ad's perspective was $375, which isn't too bad, right? Usually, if our lifetime value is around, you know, let's say like mine's around probably higher now since I last measured it. But last time I measured it, $2,500. So it's like if it costs me $375, you know, fair play, right?
Harry: Pretty good. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Marketing expense. Also really good to understand the cost per acquisition here because it's like if your cost per acquisition is, let's say, $500, right? Essentially, what that means is like you can theoretically go spend $500. dollars. to acquire a client elsewhere. So for example, you could go to your internal team and you're like, I've got a special offer. If any of you have a mate that joins before the end of April or before May starts, I'll give you a, I've got a $500 affiliate bonus.
Harry: Yeah. Right. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because you were going to spend that money on ads anyway.
Harry: It was going to be spent anyway, so you might as well secure a direct one. Yeah. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. And obviously that's a much, much warmer league, right? Like that's just. If it comes for referral, it's almost a pretty much guaranteed, guaranteed. So I don't know if you've ever done it, but like I've had other people recommend to me, you know, some semi-close friends slash coaches and I'll get on the phone with them and they'll be like, it's $20,000. And, you know, because the guy said it's really good. was just like, yeah,  it. Turned out it was actually , but.
Harry: Yeah. Well, I mean, I think, you know, even like the, you know, I My reconnaissance before starting with you, and obviously it was directly referral from that sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I mean, like, it's just law of association. If your friend that you trust says something good about someone, then it's like, they must be good, right? Your friend wouldn't lead us, right?
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, this is where we just track our return on investment. So let's say you collected, you you made four sales. Let's say you collected two grand cash up front. I would always try and sell six months as well. This is the single easiest thing you can do to increase your return on investment. So let's say all four of those were $3,500. So what's that? $3,500. So $14,000. That's that. So which means that's $12,000. Yeah, $14,000. So yeah, your return on investment, theoretically, if that was the case, would be $9.3. So for every single dollar you put into ads, you got $9.30 back. What would we want to be? I mean, it depends because like, obviously the higher the better. I like to sit at a base of six, right? But it really does like depend on, I guess, a lot of like different variables. So for example, we're in a relatively  period of time right now because of oil and everything like that. There's a lot of fear in the market. People don't want to spend money. Um, so it's like, if we're in a real  period, um, and you know, you're even just like kind of, you know, breaking even or doing it 2x, right? That's obviously not ideal, but that's, and this is what charging higher is, is really, really important because one, it gives us more breathing room. But what that allows us to do is literally just allows us to strong arm other coaches out of competition. Um, because it's like when things do get hard run, most people do not have a refined funnel. Most people don't know what the  they're doing. Most people don't have the right. Messaging, all that , right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: When things get hard, sometimes it's more so just being about being consistent. You know what mean? Because other coaches will try ads, not know what they're doing, waste their ad spend, and they'll  off and they won't retry it for a while. You know what mean? Whereas if we just remain consistent person that people are consistently seeing through those periods, then there will be periods when, you know, we can obviously ramp it right up. I'm just, you know, not saying that this will happen, but just so you are on the same page. Because obviously when you run a business, there's highs and lows.
Harry: Of course. Of course, yeah, I learning to deal with them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. And again, the biggest, the single easiest way to get that higher is just sell longer packages for a higher price.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. And also every single one that I've sold since we started was six months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because like even, I'll just put it to the desk, right? Let's say you still collected two grand cash, but instead of three to half grand. And you just did all 2K packages for three months. So that's 6,000 there, you know, 5.3. So it almost halved your return on investment simply by just selling a lower tip, like a shorter term package.
Harry: Yeah. I haven't even been listing my four month as an option. I've just been going straight into the six months.
Kyle Musca: That's the way to do it, for sure. So I'll rid of that. But all that's pretty straightforward. Then under here, what you'll see as well is the organic side of things. So it's basically the same, but just less metrics to track. So it's just like, how many bookings did you have? How many people actually showed up? Shop rate? How many did you close? And then your cash collected on those. And then at the bottom here, it's a combined.
Harry: Ah, okay. Cool, cool, cool. And so each week, I'll just jump in and fill out that section. And then...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So again, I'm going send you this one because I'm getting the guy to clean it up and refine it and everything like that. So at the top here, you'll see that these open and close. So it's like, you can open your mind.
Harry: Oh, yeah, cool. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then again, what he'll do is make sure that the monthly totals are all, the calculations are all there as well. So we'll like calculate all of the month into this column.
Harry: Yeah, cool. Sounds good. I like to have some, you know, I think this is one of the biggest things that I've found since stepping into things with you. You're like, oh, you know, what's been this, what's been that.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, I don't, I don't actually know because I haven't  tracked anything because I've never really known where to stand with things. Yeah. Like data is like a, it's a hit and miss, right? It's not a hit and miss. Most people like to, especially business coaches and  like that. I'm not going to name names, but they like to really, you know what mean? Like and make it seem like it's , you know, it's really complicated. You should be tracking like  every little piece of number that, you know, enters the business and goes. Because realistically, there's probably, you know, two to three main numbers. Like main numbers you really need to focus on in your business. And those are the key drivers of growth. So it's like, yes, we definitely need to understand certain numbers and certain figures. Absolutely. But you also don't need to sort of , you know, spend all day and, you know, all your  time and effort, money, tracking every single piece of data that you're never going to look at.
Harry: Yeah, of course. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, we know how much it's costing us for all this. The other thing I would do is, because it takes time, and because we're here, I would just build, I would do a cancellation sheet.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'll show you this one first and I'll go back. But essentially, so this is mine. You just, when a client cancels, so we want to know someone's lifetime value. The only way we can actually get a true lifetime value is once they cancel, right? Because that's how much they spend. If you do have to like to know the active clients, it will be really skewed because it's like if someone's in there.
Harry: It's brand new. It's not lifetime value. that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So easy to track as you go. What I would recommend doing for you, depending on how busy you are, probably don't need it just yet, but in future, it probably would be worth getting like an operations manager on, which is basically just like a VA. pay them like six bucks an hour, six USD an hour. It's not like they work full-time for you or anything like that, but they just do all that tedious tasks of like, for example, I get mine to fill in, you know, the COD. Dashboard every single week for me, right?
Harry: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Probably don't need it now, but it's a good hire once you're ready, right? So pretty self-explanatory. Name, date they canceled, reason why, did they complete their contract or not, what was their lifetime value, what was their clean lifetime value? The only difference between this is like if you see how the dollar figure is there, if you try to average that, it doesn't do it properly. So I just like get this column, I chuck it in chat GPT, and I tell it to people just, it's the same number, so I just... If they didn't complete their program, I only started doing this not too long ago, then I just put their lifetime value in here instead. Just because like, yes, I want to say we have to track that and combine those to see, but I also don't want that to skew my lifetime value of like people that actually did commit to the program properly, right?
Harry: Yeah, yeah. Do you have a, because what I've sort of been doing is like a, obviously it's like a, it's a six-month thing, but I don't have it explicitly said that, okay, at six months it ends, it's just at six months, you know, you're no longer in term. It doesn't cancel automatically. Is that, so anyone just that goes past that, you would, and then, you know, whenever they stop, you'd still classify that as complete?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if they don't stop, I don't say anything about it, just on go, like it just rolls on.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, Okay, cool, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, I would. I'll do that. Just, yeah, again, build that over time.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on this stuff at all?
Harry: No, that stuff's all pretty clear.
Kyle Musca: I just need to start filling that out. Yep, perfect, perfect. Okay, cool. Now, with the ad span, it is, I think we've spoken, did you end up getting go high level?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, I did, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, is it all set up and stuff? You got your number and everything?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, I got my number and everything. I'm still pretty unfamiliar with it, but, yeah, I do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So, the good thing is the setters will do most of the heavy lifting for you for this process, but it's important for you to understand it. So, one thing, I've kind of changed my thing a little bit recently.
Harry: It depends on how much lead volume you're really getting.
Kyle Musca: So, I'll pull this up. show up some time. So what I did for my DM set of scripts is I changed it to be a little bit less clunky after the call is booked in. So this message stays the same, whether it's you or the closer. I removed the can you confirm message where it was like, can you confirm you'll 100% be able to make that time, which was here. The reason for that is because it didn't really do anything. People were saying yes, but then it's still not showing up to the call and everything like that. And I feel like by adding it in, it just made it seem like a little bit more precious and a little bit more like, you know, not salesy, but they can kind of perceive it as a little bit salesy. So just thought, yeah, so that's what I was saying to you before. Instead of, you know, adding things, sometimes it's actually about taking things away.
Harry: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Especially to like a, you know, like if you're trying to improve no show and you've already got a lot of stuff in there, if you just keep adding , will just piss people off and like seem spammy. So I took that out. I also took away, so legend, if you have any issues, feel free. Feel free to shoot me a message here. I'm more than happy to lend a hand. Call me on Google Meet. Make sure you got the Google Meet download beforehand. And then on the previous version, I was like, here's also, here's the link. But I just took that out, right? Because again, we're going to link through one in the automations and one the night before the setters will link, set the link through as well. So we don't need to set it now, right? Just adding extra clutter for no reason. All right. Does that all make sense? Just want to make sure we can dive in on the day. Cool. Awesome chatting to you. Super keen to see what we come up with. I've got to dive into some client programming, but I'll touch base tonight before I call, send through a couple of things before we chat. To really get the most out of the call, have a think about where you're at, why you want to make this change, and what it's actually going to do for you. P.S. Give this video a watch. Make the call 10 times more valuable. Chat soon. Have you got this template?
Harry: No, not that enough.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So this is... This is this bad boy. So I'll send this to you, right? You just obviously go through and change it to your own wording and your own clients. Now, what we do this for is because it basically just reinforces, basically reinforces shop, right? Right? So like watch this to make sure you know what to expect. Shop on time, right? We're going to jump on the call. Be ready to learn, ask questions. If you can't make it, I get it. That's all good. Let me know. If you have a free resource or something like that, you know, feel free to add it in here. Otherwise, just delete it. Success, love, speed. Be ready to take action. you have to talk to, you know, your wife or whatever, make sure you have that chat beforehand. If we decide it's a good fit, we'd like to get you set up on the call. Be open to feedback. know, yada, yada, yada, right? If it helps hundreds of guys, there's no reason you can't be next if you're actually serious about making a change. Chat to the same.
Harry: Cool.
Kyle Musca: All right. I'm not going to... Spend too much time going through that because you can go into the DM script.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And watch that video. Pretty self-explanatory. Now, this is super important. The night before the call, so like let's say 6 p.m. every night, Australian Queensland time, the setters will go through all the calls for the next day, for example, right? And be like, hey, bro, just look at my calendar tomorrow and I can confirm we're good for like 4 p.m., right? Just wanted to check, have you had a chance to check the video I sent above, which is that pretty cool message, right? We're just trying to get a response out of them, right? We're not necessarily asking for a confirmation here, but if they respond to this, you know, very, very likely that they're going to show up because it's basically confirmation, right? And if they've watched the videos, if they watch this video, the likelihood of them showing up is really, really high.
Harry: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Looking forward to chatting if they reply. So again, this is the setter's job. Looking forward to chatting. Here's the join link to make it easier. That's when they send the join link, right? Now, if they say no, you know, make sure you give it a watch. Now, again, this depends on the lead volume, but this is something that I've only implemented really in the last week, but it has seemed to be working really, really well. If they don't reply by the morning to this message, my setters go in there and basically say, I'll pull one up. I think this guy, I think he canceled anyway. Yeah. So see, I didn't reply to that message. I'm very good. guys want to book a spot this afternoon. just want to check. He's still good for the call. If I haven't had back in the next couple of hours, I may have to cancel and give it to someone else. He still hasn't got back to me. So my set has canceled him and gave it to someone else.
Harry: Yep. Cool.
Kyle Musca: All right. Like if you've, you know, the reason I do that is one, because I'm getting a lot of call volume at the moment, but speed to lead is critical. So it's like, if I can reschedule someone from ideally further out. So, you if I've got calls starting to be booked in next week, for example, she might reach out to Moses here on next Thursday and be like, hey, bro, can you jump on this afternoon instead?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That brings them forward seven days. And if they confirm on the day, it's very likely that they'll show up. Worst comes to worst, this guy gets back to me. He's like, oh, Sarah, bro, I really busy. It's like, no worries, bro. We can go for a different time. Hopefully, they're more likely to not  around now that they know we're not  around. Yeah.
Harry: Yeah. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So again, that's not necessary that you have to do that, but something I'm doing because I'm just not  patient on these counts anymore.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense?
Harry: Yes.
Kyle Musca: This is ending. This The automation process, yours is probably going to be a little bit more automated, like in terms of just reminders and stuff like that, because you'll be the coach. Yeah, so I have two. So one's from my closer, and the main thing is like the SMS automations, instead of seeming like an automated, you know, your calls for tomorrow at 4 p.m. type thing, it seems like it's coming from the closer directly, right? So 43 minutes after they book in a call, hey, John, it's Tommy here from Kyle's team at EMP, just saw you locked in a call with me at, you know, 4 p.m. on, you know, May 4th, keen to see what we can come up with. Also, I thought I'd do a quick video that Kyle made, so you can have a look at what the program looks like on the inside, we'll have a look before we chat, right? So it seems like it's actually 24 hours before. Just a heads up, we're good for tomorrow at 4 p.m. I'll just show you a convo with Kyle and Keaton to have a chat. Just so I can make this call as valuable as possible, is there anything you specifically want to cover? I'm trying to form a connection there, trying to form a relationship by getting them to reply. If you've already been talking to them on Instagram and everything like that, it doesn't really make sense that it's coming from you.
Harry: With the only thing I'm just going ask, with Go High Level, with the messages, it's, I just, because I've set it up to myself just so that when I get an inquiry form, it just texts me that I got one. And I noticed that it put in like a, you know, SMS stop to opt out or unsubscribe or something. And it was like, thanks, and then prevail team, like just my name, the business team. Is that always going to happen on every first message that goes through? It wouldn't let me untick doing that.
Kyle Musca: Did someone set that up for you?
Harry: No.
Kyle Musca: It shouldn't do, like, you're, the only time I'm pretty sure that it does that is technically, so technically you need that for mass mail-outs, right?
Harry: Yeah, right, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, I'm not, this isn't  legal advice, but I'm fairly sure that you don't need that if it's a direct SMS to someone.
Harry: That's what I would have thought. When I jump into, like, phone system and I go to messages, it doesn't even give me the option to untick, make SMS compliant by adding opt-out message or make SMS compliant by adding sender information. Like, it just genuinely doesn't let me. And it just says that automatically add opt-in instructions that you send a name, we'll include them, the first SMS to a contact, and again, at the interval you choose. Obviously, I ticked off the intervals, but it literally just doesn't even let me untick it. It's just grayed out as a tick, which I obviously don't  want.
Kyle Musca: I'll show you this guy's contact with you. I don't know if I've done this already, but he's... This guy that I just get to do all my go-high-level .
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you have any questions or stuff, feel free to ask him. He's quite good. He'll do a lot of stuff for free. You might have to pay him the first time or something like that, but if I ask him to do a small change and , he just goes and does it for free.
Harry: It's pretty cool. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, I don't know why it's done that. It's just like fully grayed out.
Kyle Musca: I would also like maybe, yes, it's not even giving you an option to turn it off. I would maybe, you know, screenshot it running through Claude or something like that, see what that Because mine doesn't do that, I'm pretty sure.
Harry: Yeah. Okay. We'll see what it can say. Okay, cool. I'll have a little look into it.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Yeah, I mean, that's pretty much everything. Once you've got those ready, we're pretty much good to launch ads. Anything else you want to cover at all?
Harry: Oh, no, you've sent me through that, the DM screen. Script, I think before, because I was just going to say the only thing that like, you know, I had a few people reply to my story or react to certain things.
Kyle Musca: And the only thing I was like, oh, I'm not necessarily exactly sure what to send them straight away or what to do this, this, that, like, just even just for me to follow myself, to have a little bit of a basis of what I'm doing. Yeah, definitely, definitely use that. Make a copy of that, reword it to you also, if you haven't already as well, because that's what the setters will use. And then, there's two, there's a few ways we can go about setters, man. One is, if you want, like, reliability and ease, I've got one lady that sort of has a setting company. She'll manage all the, she'll find the setter for you, she'll, like, it, do all the time zones, times for you, like, again, it's just easy in that regard.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: She charges about, through me, I think it's like 6 USD an hour and then 25 USD per close. The other option is, we could always just source Yeah, typically that's probably pretty similar, but that way you can like find a set yourself, train them yourself, and they only work in your account, so you've got a little bit more reliability there.
Harry: I think, you know, as of right now, I wouldn't have the need for it, but once we get things obviously up and running, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Once, yeah, now once you get the ads up and running properly, as long as, if you're getting traction there, definitely get a setter in.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The speed to lead is absolutely critical, and being, I've never seen a coach handle the DMs like they need to handle them, you need to be in there like, replying with effort. A lot of coaches, including myself, it's a tedious  job, we're just half-assed responses, and then it just kills like leads, it's just, you lose more money by not hiring a setter, if that makes sense.
Harry: That makes sense, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: You're only getting one in such a day, it's different, but like if you're getting a couple in, you know, that's when it comes, it's important.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: We'll probably launch ads, just see how they go first, and then go from there.
Harry: I'll get some graphics set up within, like, the next 24 hours for you, and I'll send them through. And then, yeah, I'd love to just, yeah, see what happens, just put a little bit of money into it and see sort of where they sit with things, what happens.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think it would be also, again, completely up to you, but might even be worth just testing the waters with targeting females and stuff with the female messaging, what the response is like. Like, if it's dramatically different, you know, again, that opens up a new opportunity for us.
Harry: Just with the, obviously, like, a graphic for the women, if I was to create one up, how would I go about, obviously, it looks very blokey, you might add, and obviously yours does the same. How would I spin that to be, you know, would I make it food-focused? Would I make it, you know, where would I step with that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could do, like, more lifestyle. You could do, you know, gym stuff. You know what I mean? mean? Again, it depends on who you're going to try and target. You're going to try and target the girls that have already been into the gym and they just want to take things a little bit further into the next level?
Harry: Yeah, I don't want beginners.
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
Harry: I don't really want beginners.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think I would probably do. Yeah, I think it makes more sense for you to target women that have already been in the gym and they just want to take things to the next level. That's probably, again, they're going to be goal-orientated, physical attribute-orientated. So it's like, if you're in the gym, you know, as long as it's not too sort of grow-esque.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Should be fun. But just test different stuff out, know, try lifestyle photos, try beach photos, all that .
Harry: I feel like, I mean, I've always found that women do respond or they interact better with the nutrition side of things as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely, definitely.
Harry: Okay, all right. We'll be able to play around and see what I can do.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right, Brett. I've got to jump on another call, but if you have any issues, just...
Harry: Let me know. Perfect, bro. The only thing I was going to say, could you flick me through the Fathom for this week as well, just so I can go back through and have a run through where we are?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. I'll send that through right now.
Harry: Perfect, bro. Thank you very much.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Cheers, bro. Talk soon. Cheers. Talk soon. Bye. Bye.


>>> 178/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-23T05:03:55Z | id:140371427
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, How going? Yeah. How's it going, man?
xavier kelly: It's been all right. Just been  grinding, posting content and doing calls and solar calls and GoFundMes and just everything. But we're all right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How are we treating you?
xavier kelly: It's pretty good. I think something to do with my laptop being in a different country, whenever I open up Chrome or Claude, it just chews up the RAM to the point where the computer just starts shitting itself in about like an hour. So I have to like restart my computer a lot. So that's weird. And then besides that, it's been pretty good. Food's good. It's easy to diet. And, um. The kitchen situation isn't ideal, but we might like next place move into with like a crew of like others to like maybe get a coach or someone else like that so that we get a bigger kitchen and something better. But besides that, everything's pretty smoothly. I think I've got that content system where I have the chopping board and like instead of like sitting, I like lean over it and talk. And that was, I think that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Okay. Perfect, bro. We'll dive into a cool recording. I don't want to be very sales-focused with you at the moment. We'll quickly dive into just an overview. How's this week gone overall?
xavier kelly: I think better. Like I've been setting, set has been setting, I think right now there's probably something like 10 or 15 in the week falls on the calendar.
Kyle Musca: Oh,  yeah. That's huge. Way better.
xavier kelly: Which is good. Just do the direct CTAs on all the videos. Either say the CTA or have it in the caption. I think there's a healthy balance because when you see... Say it at the end of the video, makes the video longer, decreases the engagement rate, and it's less likely to go viral. And then I've been doing more stories, which has been good, just touching on different aim points as well. I noticed that people in the DMs or in the calls, they'll bring it up, like, oh, you know, you said this about GLP-1s. So when I mentioned GLP-1 in my story, I had like 15 people message me about GLP-1s. And it's just like touching on little things every day about fitness, people feel really spoken to, so that's been good. I'm better at objection handling, kind of like bringing it down, I've just been putting the reps in. I feel like I'm almost there. It's just like a few more things that I need a little bit more practice with, and then I'm, I think I'm like pretty much got it for, not like got it, I'm going to be perfect, but good enough.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Okay. So you've had, you've taken seven calls already this week?
xavier kelly: I've taken a couple no-shows. So there's been like. Three no-shows. We're just working on rescheduling them in now.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
xavier kelly: I've taken, I think, four calls. Two were not qualified. One, two closed. Or one deposit, one piffed. And I'm just trying to, like, work them down to keep them in.
Kyle Musca: What was the, so it was three and a half thousand Australian or USD for four?
xavier kelly: Australian. So I said it was four months. The lady was six months. So I offered the 10. I offered the 5.
Kyle Musca: Then I offered the 3.5. Okay.
xavier kelly: I feel like I could have got her on the 5. But she was giving, like, some spousal objection stuff. And I was just going to, like, okay, cool. Like, what do you think he's going to say?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And. Just on that as well. For you right now, just because we're trying to get clients through the door and cash flow through the door, what it might even be worth it doing is keeping the anchor of, let's just go with six months, right? Keeping the anchor of 10, but just not even offering the 5 and just getting people through the door on the $3,500 or even the $2,500 for now.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just to get, again, cash flow coming through the door. And then once we build that up, we can get into ads, we can bring on a coach, and then it's like you can start to expand. you've got, this is just a supply and demand thing, you know what mean? Like once you've got a lot of higher demand, a lot less supply, it's like, okay, cool, we can bring out bigger price points.
xavier kelly: Cool, cool, cool. Yeah, so anchor 10, bring it down for 3.5. So like, which one of those stood out to you? Obviously, 3.5. Okay, cool. Do you want to remember that? Good. And then if it becomes an objection and I price it aside and I go, is this something you want to do? Yes, this is something I want to do. Cool. Do you see the value in the program? I do. It just won't work on cash flow. Okay, that makes sense. What I could do is maybe break it up. Like, would that help? They say, no, that won't help. Then I go for the downsell because there's someone finishing up this week and this spot's available and I'd love to just give. Give to you so I don't have to do these other calls. Is that something you're interested in? Yeah, that could be good. Do it. Pay my plan. Okay. So I just do that. And yeah, I think that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: And I got him in the WhatsApp as well. So there should be way more leads coming in now because he's got my, my, my, my go high level forms getting like four or five a day.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah. Perfect. Now quickly on shop, right? Right. What is, do you have a shop in Go High Level? Do you have automations and everything set up for reminders?
xavier kelly: No.
Kyle Musca: So I'm going to quickly cover this because I do want to get into the sales call side of things. What we want to do here is. What I'll do is I'll find it. I'll find it. I don't want to spend too much time on this. Oh, luckily I'm already here. So there's two ways to do it. If it's going to be you, then what we want the automations to do from Go High Level will basically just be reminders.
xavier kelly: Right? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And so we need a confirmation email.
xavier kelly: You should have gone a confirmation email. Can you just approve that?
Kyle Musca: will add straight to your calendar, right? Like it's in the script. And then see how this is just more of a reminder than any kind of personalization. Booking for 4 p.m. has been confirmed. The link to join the call should be in your emails. But if have any issues, send a car message on Instagram and he'll be able to drop it there for you. Do not reply here. 24 hours before. Now, what I would probably recommend.
xavier kelly: These ones that no-show just FYI. It wasn't like they forgot about it. It's just like  just scheduled. Like we didn't schedule it in a time. It's like, yeah, cool. Like I'll try to make sure. Like I'm pretty sure this time works. But like something could happen with work and it did.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you want to be, yeah. So if it's easy, you want to do a time. It's like, when can you absolutely make like, you know. And keep it on your time. Like, oh, that's no stress, man. I'm getting heaps of guys or heaps of people, like, booking in calls at the moment. I've got heaps of work on anyway or whatever. When would you, like, definitely be able to make just so we can show up? You know, just justify why you  around, right? This is pretty simple. It's just reminders and  like that, right?
xavier kelly: The biggest things come from the actual setting script.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you've, um, oh, you've pissed me off, man.
xavier kelly: Yeah. The, uh, like, confirmation stuff.
Kyle Musca: Oh, why is it so slow? Um, you've, your RAM thing is infected, I think.
xavier kelly: I'm telling you, man, it's  computer's doggers. This is a brand-new computer, though, it's fine.
Kyle Musca: What the  is wrong with this, then? All right. There we go. Yeah. So what I've been doing, man, is I've recently changed this. What I'm actually going do is send this to you because I've recently changed a few things on. All right. The main things have changed after the call gets booked in, right? So one is the confirmation email that hasn't changed.
xavier kelly: You should have got a confirmation email, go add it to your calendar.
Kyle Musca: This is the main one I changed. So instead of adding the, like, will you 100% be able to make that time? I've just removed that because people were saying yes to it. And if anything, it just added more friction and it kind of made it seem like a little bit salesy and clunky. So I just removed it completely. I also, I'm not sure when I sent it to you, I think I've probably changed it since then. I also changed this. So instead of saying, if something does pop up or if you have any issues to just, you have any issues, because from this, we want to make it set. We want to make the standard that it is just normal to show up on time and ready to get stuck in. We don't want to plant the seed that it's okay for them to reschedule. So it's like, if you have any issues jumping on, feel free to shoot me a message here. more than happy to lend a hand. The call will be on Google Meet. Make sure you've got it downloaded. And then usually on the other script, I sent the link across then, but we send them through in the automations and we send it through manually the day before. So we don't add that here. Might as well remove it.
xavier kelly: no point in adding it.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense? Just want to make sure we can dive in. Yep. Cool. Awesome chatting to you. Super keen to see what we've come up with. I've got to get into some client programming to really get the most out of this. Make sure you think about why you want to do this and watch this video. Chat soon. All right. So you just. Wrap the call up naturally.
xavier kelly: And you've got two videos, right? You've got one where you show like the meal plans and everything, just like a bit of an inside.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I ripped that out as well because I don't want to send them too much here, right? But what I did is I just put that in the automated reminders. Okay. Right? Now, the night before the call, you don't have to do this. I do like doing this though. I've only been running it for about this week and it seems to have massively improved show up, right? But instead of saying, can you confirm that you're good for it? It's just like, hey, just looking through my calendar tomorrow, can confirm we're good for 4 p.m.? Just want to check if you had a chance to watch the video I sent above, which is the pre-call video. Because if they watch that, it's very likely that they're going to show up, right? If they say yes, and what we're trying to do here is we're just trying to get a response out of them, right? Just to see if they're all good, right? Awesome. Look forward to chatting. If not, oh, and here's the link to make it easier. So that's when you send the join link, right? If they say no, no worries. If you could Watch that beforehand. It would be awesome as it runs through exactly what we're covering and how to get the most out of it, right? Now, what happens here? So I'm going to Instagram, right? Let's see if we can find a message real quick. Maybe this guy, no, this guy, right? No, , damn it, man. Yeah, this guy. So see how I said that message? He never replied. So the setters went in there first thing the next morning, like, hey, bro, getting heaps of guys on the booking spot for this afternoon. Just want to check if you're still good for the call. If I haven't heard back in the next couple of hours, I may have to cancel and give that thought to someone else. If they haven't replied two hours after that, my setters go out to a call that's booked in later in the week, just be like, hey man, I've had a spot open up at 4pm this afternoon, did you want to jump on? So we're getting people that have booked further out to get them in on, because if they agree on the day, it's very likely that they're going to show up. Worst comes to worst, in my opinion, this guy comes back and says something like this. Had something pop up last minute, would it be possible to reschedule when I get home? Or, they're like, oh, sorry, you know, I don't have my notifications on, I was still good for the call. It was like, too late, someone else has taken the call, I can reschedule you, next time, don't  around. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, it's just, that seems to be working really, well so far. Again, it's not enough for me to properly test it, but I think, you know, out of all these calls, I think in the last three... Three days, Tommy's had maybe two or three no-shows out of all these calls, which is pretty good, right? So does that all make sense?
xavier kelly: That makes complete sense. So sending the automation and then having that confirmation. And if they don't respond to those confirmations, go like, hey, Roger, so you know, like... So you keep it on your time.
Kyle Musca: You keep it on your authority. I'm getting a lot of people wanting to book in this afternoon. You know I mean?
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I can literally send you this. I should add that actually into the script.
xavier kelly: will add that in. Yeah, I might too.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Out of these calls, man, which... Who's who?
xavier kelly: Um... Uh... The middle one is the one where we piffed. She paid after the fact, not on the call. The top one was the guy that I  up downsell on.
Kyle Musca: Where do you feel like you  up most of this? Is it pretty good through the script and is it towards the end?
xavier kelly: He was really difficult to get emotionally invested in the script. He's a traitor. He's a very analytical. Swiss guy. Almost like sociopath kind of vibes. Kind of like was getting a little glimpse towards the end of the call and it could like drill in on it. But it was just really hard for me to, I don't know, in the call, was struggling to pinpoint what his pain point is. Like he was talking about like struggles, but it was really hard to pull on those strings. And at the end, when I dropped the three and a half K package to two, I didn't drop it right. I just said I had a guy finish and he's like, oh, why didn't you say this to me? And I'm like, um, you know, because of, yeah, just watch it.
Kyle Musca: All right. So with that being said, you were doing some food that you were just kind of figuring it out, eating less, trying random things. And you're obviously not doing that now, right? Yeah. Would it be fair to say that those were probably unsustainable approaches and those weren't actually going to get you all the way to that? Even just honestly how you're making statements.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you always need to ask a question.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: If you say, you know, even before what you said, it's like, you're obviously not doing that right now. Like, you're just assuming what he's doing, which can come across wrong for people in certain contexts. Yeah. So it's like, you know, just change it to, and are you still doing any of that right now?
xavier kelly: Same answer, but, you know, it doesn't offend them or anything like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Nine kilos lean. That's my thing. Okay. Yeah. So even. Even now, right? Would it be fair to say that those were probably unsustainable approaches? Yeah. And, you know, I mean, would you say that that was, those were sort of like unsustainable to the point where you feel like, you know, it wouldn't be something that you wanted to do for the rest of your life type of thing? So you're going to ask the same answer, but it's, it's a question instead of a statement. Those weren't actually going to get you all the way to that 90 kilos lean. Cool. All right. Maybe help me understand why you are potentially looking to get someone to help you to do this. With this as well. Slow it down. At now, right? Yeah. True. Would it be fair to say that those were probably unsustainable approaches and those weren't actually going to get you all the way to that 90 kilos lean? Definitely. Okay. Cool. All right. Maybe help me understand why you are potentially looking to get someone to help you to do this, instead of just trying. So I think you need to really practice facial expression and tonality more, body language.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So right now you're kind of like this, and you're like, okay, maybe help me to understand. You know what mean? Like it's not very emotional or anything like that. And if you're not getting emotional in terms of how you're projecting and speaking, they're not going to interpret the question emotionally, and therefore their response isn't going to be emotional, it's going to be logistical. This is very rigid, right? So it's like, put more effort into it. Lean forward, put, you know, use your hands on your face. Think, you know, look. Your facial expression should look curious because that will make your tone be curious.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what Okay. So even if I try and do, like, if I'm just looking at sitting like this and I try and do tonality. Okay. See even then. Okay. And maybe help me to understand, you know, why you might. I'd be looking at getting outside help with this. It's very hard for me to get into the right tonality with my body language like this, right? But if I'm like, okay, I guess maybe help me to understand why you might even be looking at getting outside help with this instead of maybe just trying to figure it out for yourself. I mean, the body language and the facial expression will allow you to get the tonality across, right?
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: But even you do it right now, like just as a practice role player.
xavier kelly: So Kyle, maybe help me understand why look for some outside help with this instead of just doing it by yourself like you've always been doing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So even that was better than the video.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, just even putting the facial expression. One thing I always like to do is like say, I guess.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it's like, again, it's a curious kind of like, I guess, and it just sort of helps you like lean into it instead of saying like, maybe help me to understand. It's like, okay, I guess, I guess, well, yeah, I get like, maybe help me to understand. You know what I mean? It also comes down to the words you emphasize because you kind of emphasize maybe more, but like I emphasize me more on that. So it's like, okay. And I guess like, well, yeah, I guess maybe help me to understand. You know what I mean? So instead of maybe, maybe help me to understand. Okay. I guess maybe help, you know, me to understand. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yep. I understand.
Kyle Musca: understand. Brian, do it like yourself, like you have been for so long. On that as well, in the script, it does say, maybe help me to understand.
xavier kelly: I'm getting outside help with this instead of just trying to, you know, figure it out for yourself. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's say when you ask other people, then you probably get more, like, other ideas. You were looking out of the scope. tried some different... Now, this is, see, even by his body language here, closed arms means someone's closed off. You know what mean? That's a body language reading you can pick up on someone. And approach. Yeah, plus, probably, there is a factor of this additional supervision. For sure. Like, puts you in a frame where you try, not only for yourself, but you also want to look good in other people's eyes. So, then it's a nice part of that, yeah. Okay, cool. So, potentially looking for that accountability, and then also looking for someone to look at what you're doing from an outside lens. Because for you, you're working on yourself, and it's hard to see what you're doing wrong when you're just focused on so many different things. And you'd rather someone tell you what to So you're confident in your decisions and also have that accountability so you stay on track. Yep. Okay, cool. Now, let's say that I coach you and we've got 10 kilos of fat to go and we drop 10 kilos of fat in four months and we get you to that body. If it's the accountability, if it's a structured meal plan, if it's, you know, daily check-ins and support, what do you feel like you really need from me in order to make sure that over this next four months you're successful and that you lose this 10 kilos guarantee? Like, just think of anything that you feel like you really need. Probably. So you did reword that. Not too, yeah, not too bad. I always try and not put words in their mouth because if you've got things like meal plans and check-ins and stuff like that, they're more likely to say. And I guess besides the accountability and everything like that, let's say you and I had to really sit down and really just map this out step by step in terms of what the time you have available, the level of support and accountability you'd like, or even just the resources you'd like. Because those do encompass all the things you just said, but it doesn't put words into their mouth so they can freely say what they want. Yeah, because otherwise you lead them down a path that they might not have actually went down without it.
xavier kelly: Yeah, because I'm emotionally trying to make them feel like it includes everything that they want, not actually showing them that it includes everything that they need. Like I just need to get them to the core at the end where they feel like everything's there so I can use that as ammo. Where I go like, I'm just curious, like, do you feel like anything's missing here? Like, is there anything in this program that you feel like it needs?
Kyle Musca: Well, not necessarily, not necessarily. So that's a... A very common mistake people make is we're not trying to sell everything that we have. We're just trying to solve the specific problem that they have.
xavier kelly: Yeah, that's what I meant. I'm incorrect because I'm trying to give them all this features and  where it's just not necessary. All I need to do is just touch on what they feel like they're having an issue with. And then I can use that as ammo at the end of the call to say, like, just curious, do you feel like there's anything missing in this program? Or do you feel like this has everything that you need to be successful?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: And like, because I already did say that it has everything in there because I asked previously, like, is there anything else that you're looking for? Instead of listing out things that they can then bring up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. In my experience, before you get to the pitch, you should not talk about custom training programs or meal plans or something like that unless they have specifically brought it up.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. As a pain point or something like that. Yeah. Well, you just never want We're list features because features don't sell. Features aren't emotional. Features don't justify price, right? Features are only good to relate to benefits, for example, right? So a good way to explain this, right? And people buy the benefit, not the feature. So a good way to explain this is like, if you walk into flight center, right? You buy the holiday trip, not because, you know, technically what you're buying is the feature of getting on a plane, taking a 14-hour flight, to Hawaii, where there's a  crying baby and you're squished into a small cabin with a bunch of strangers, right? That's the feature, but they're selling you the benefit, the dream outcome of sipping a margarita on the beach in Hawaii. You know what I mean?
xavier kelly: So it's like, what we want to do is avoid selling the feature because no one actually cares about that. And the feature doesn't justify a higher price. It's the destination we're trying to sell. Okay, cool. And it's just like putting on... Any of their concerns that they think they might run into instead of bringing up things that are just, yeah, they're not . Stop bringing up unsexy things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Because if they're like, yeah, you know, let's say, I don't know what he's about to say here, but, oh, I just work a lot. So I guess like more structure around that and probably meal plans and everything like that. Oh, okay. Yeah. So like probably, so from the sounds of it, like the main things are, you know, a structured meal plan, right? That's the feature. So you don't have to think about anything. You know, exactly what you need to eat, when you need to eat in order to get the best result possible.
xavier kelly: So that weight comes off without it clashing. Yeah. So create the, not talk about, oh, I have the structured meal plan. It's like, no, I have the structured meal plan so that I can fix the pain point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's, it's usually, it's not always like this, but it's like, if you mention a feature, it should follow by a benefit, which means that custom meal plan. So you can, which is the transition into the benefit.
xavier kelly: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: if that makes sense.
xavier kelly: paint the picture for them, okay.
Kyle Musca: Well, where I could get help is advice how to effectively burn the Fath, because if you go online, you will definitely see a lot of different advice on that, but the thing is, nowadays it's really hard to find the true information, because everyone can write everything, and no one checks it out. Yeah, you could say, yeah, you can do your own research, like read scientific papers and so on. So the feature here is working with an experienced, I wouldn't say it like this, but, you working with an experienced coach to cut out all the noise, cut out all the misinformation, and just give you exactly what you need to, in order to actually get the result you're wanting.
xavier kelly: So I would say, okay, cool. Yeah, yeah. So he said, I'm looking for an experienced coach. was like, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, no, so he... He said, I'm looking, there's so much information on the internet that it's hard and so much of it differentiates. So it's hard to know what essentially is true and what's not.
xavier kelly: Okay, cool. So maybe a program that incorporates scientific metrics to be able to get the results instead of just guessing so that you know exactly what you're doing is putting you on the right path. So when you put on this effort, you're guaranteed results. Well, not like a question, but you're guaranteed, like having it where we do things analytically and we have a science to this. So this isn't just guessing. This is a step-by-step plan to get you to your goal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, to a degree, because he's talking about like over information overload and misinformation, essentially. So yes, the metrics and scientific evidence stuff comes into this for sure. But the more thing he's looking for here is an experienced coach. for experience. yes, for is So more experience. And someone to give him that information directly.
xavier kelly: Okay, cool. So it might be like, okay, cool. Well, look, I've poached hundreds of guys who work 40, 50, 60, 70 hours a week. And in this program, we will definitely cut through the fluff and give you the simplest step-by-step process that's clear to make this 20 kilos come off and then go into the next thing.
Kyle Musca: I would say less, because that kind of sounds like commitment terminology. So it's like, okay, so usually this is a form of, okay, so it sounds like, okay, so it sounds like, you know, the main thing you're kind of looking for is just sort of having an experienced coach to cut out all that noise and all that misinformation and just give you exactly what you actually need, you know, based on your body, your goals, your lifestyle, in order to get the best results possible. And I guess not waste the time and effort by, you know, chasing a rabbit hole. Of all that other misinformation that's actually out there.
xavier kelly: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Because again, you just need to think with these, you just need to think of, I guess, pairing, right? Yeah. Like if he's talking about misinformation, what's the paired opposite of that? Well, an experienced coach who has the right information.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, so again, that's what I was saying about like solving their specific problem.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you've got to be cautious of this because if you solve the wrong problem, they're not going to feel heard and understood. And that can turn themselves. So it's like, if you talk about, if he's talking about misinformation and everything like that, and then you go down a rabbit hole of, well, you know, scientifically, I guess it's not too far off, but it can, and this is just an example. But if you're going down the rabbit hole of scientifically tracking all this different data and everything like that, it doesn't, that's not so bad depending on how it's worded. But if it's the wrong, if you're saying. Actually, if you're solving the wrong problem, then they'll feel unheard and that can do, that can be very, very damaging, if that makes sense.
xavier kelly: Okay. So it's, okay, so it sounds like, you know, you're looking to cut through that misinformation by having an experienced coach that knows what to do so that you're not second-guessing your decisions?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, exactly.
xavier kelly: Okay, cool. Awesome. And then move on the next thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
xavier kelly: All right, awesome. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Definitely help you there.
xavier kelly: You know what I mean? Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, it definitely makes sense. I can help you there. I like that. Which is like, yeah, cool. It's not cool. It's, that definitely makes sense. And I can help you there. And then move on the next thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
xavier kelly: More authority. Yeah. Because I've been doing the, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: But usually the, like, less words you say, the better.
xavier kelly: Okay. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Cool. All right, we can definitely help you there. Sweet. And then move on.
xavier kelly: Yeah. move right. All All All All
Kyle Musca: Again, I'm not sure. First of all, it's time-consuming, and it requires a lot of time and a lot of effort, which sounds great, but at the same time, there is a risk that I will be too lazy to do that. Secondly, sometimes we have now people from different expertise, so probably I would just trust someone who already knows how to do that, and not to waste my time. Plus, what helps me is feeling, like, clear targets. Like, for instance, if it's considering a diet, then, for instance, if I have a clear list of products or, like, new preparations that I can do, that's also an amazing story, because then I'm not trying to figure it out on my own, but there is already, like, something that I can target for. And plus, like, clear targets in terms of activity. Like you say, burn your fat for your body type, or, you know, like, metabolism, or whatever signal that there is. You have to burn at least 1,000 calories a day, but again, like, how to calculate those calories, right? Okay. Okay. So, we want to remove the guessing and just have a very structured... An analytical approach with exactly how we're going to lose the 10 kilos. there's no if, buts, or maybe. It's if we do these things and we hit these numbers and we hit these milestones and it's very structured and all you're to do is follow the step-by-step plan, scientifically you're guaranteed to lose the 10 kilos. And all you're going to do is just do the work. Is that what you're looking for? Yeah. Okay. Cool. What do you feel like has been holding you back from going 100% in on something like this or going 100% in on your health in the past? I think I never took the real action. I never worked out the real plan. I don't know. yeah, just like I never asked, this was actually my first conversation with someone. Sure. So I'm making a strategy. Uh, before that, I don't know, I was just probably thinking I can do it on my own, but again, it's lack of consistency. Last time, there is one disadvantage with me. So that's huge. He just admitted that he's tried on his own a few times by the sounds of it, but he's never been able to remain consistent with it. But a lazy person. So unless something really burns in, like. Opposite to laziness is.
xavier kelly: Accountability.
Kyle Musca: for.ался. can take The crossed. He was. Accountability, right?
xavier kelly: Yeah, I noted that down on the score.
Kyle Musca: We say, if something is itching you in your  so you won't move, probably that's also true about me. And again, I do sport, I'm relatively, like, on average, I'm an active person, but this consists of lacking of consistency. For instance, I can go biking, and I will bike for the whole day, I will come back home, and then I will just grab everything I see to eat. Or, like, I don't know, you walk in the gym, like, you walk for, you work out in the gym, you think, okay, I burn calories, so I deserve to eat something sweet. But then you're eating, like, let's say, the whole pack of M&Ms or whatever, yeah? So, like, definitely there is a disbalance. And also, like, from finance field, we have these different investors' biases, and then there is one. Also on that, so I just said it's in the finance field. Yeah, finance people usually do tend to be more logical thinkers. You're not in a numbers industry if you're not logistically driven.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Bias called anchor bias, when you're just lacking your head, fix to the number, and then you are sticking to the number, considering it to be true. It's same here, like, I'm sticking to the fact that I have burned some calories in the gym, so I can eat not more calories, but that's definitely not true, because I'm eating more calories than I have burned them. And instead of losing weight, I'm gaining weight. And the reason is that because there is no strategy, there is no clear counting of the milestones, there is no clear understanding, okay, what's allowed, what's not allowed. Okay, cool, cool. So the reason you haven't gone all on your health in the past is, and I just feel like I'm just going to try and repeat what I feel like you said to me, back to you, is that you haven't had a structured, clear path in front of you, and because you haven't seen... So I wouldn't say, I'm just going to repeat back what you said to me. Okay, I just saw it on the same page.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would always say, like, a version of it sounds like, it seems like, something like that.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Or, like, I guess, you know, from the sounds of it, you know what I mean? The main thing you look, you know, you know. So, yeah, I guess from the sounds of it, like, you know, it seems like you feel that, you know, you kind of take one step forward, and then take two steps back. And, you know, even though you're putting in the... Effort, because you're, you know, having sort of these binge cycles and because you have this sort of, I guess, this belief at the moment, this internal belief that because you put in the effort, burn some calories, that now allows you to, you know, overindulge in the calories and basically, you know, overconsume and again, take those two steps back. So I guess what really, you know, what, what would, you know, you're, you're kind of looking for from the sounds of it is one, the accountability, make sure that someone is there actually watching over you, making sure that you are sticking to plan and actually having that structured plan with, you know, clear numerical targets that you know that you need to hit. So I guess you don't have that little voice in your head that's justifying taking those two steps forward after you've taken that step forward, two steps back after you've taken that step forward.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean?
xavier kelly: I understand.
Kyle Musca: In a structured clear path, you haven't felt bothered to go forward because unless you can see the path clearly in the back of your brain, you're like, what's the point? Okay. So why now? Like, why not just keep pushing this down the road another year and gain another five kilos? Why actually get this sorted today? Okay. So for the last two years, I'm also going to my personal transformation. And then suddenly I just saw your account on Instagram. And first I liked your videos where you were like checking other ideas for low-calorie desserts. But then I also saw that you have like your coaching.
xavier kelly: It's an analytical answer when someone goes, oh, well, your notification just popped up. It's not like, why do you want to make this? I think I need to word it differently. It's like, okay, well, like, why do you want to make this transformation happen now? Like, why do you want to lose this 10 kilos now? Instead of why now? Why do this? Oh, well, we hopped on a call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'm... Yeah, I'm... Assuming we didn't do it, we're going to do a challenge soon. I'm just waiting for him to, for the right moment when I would pull it out. But I'm, we'll come back. Thanks for the boss you do. Like, I trust it. Because it was like very, I don't know, not artificial, I would say. And yeah, I was like, okay, let's try to talk to you. What is yours? What is your offer? Maybe that works for me. Maybe I can change something here. So, so far, because I'm not losing anything, okay, let's talk. Let's try. Let's give it a go. Perfect. Perfect. For sure. Okay. So, besides wanting to get healthier and fitter, and, you know, change your health, what do you feel like the real big reason behind you wanting to lose these 10 kilos is? Like, why do you actually want to do this? For some reason, because of the types of the boss you do, like, I trust it. Because it was like very, I don't know, not artificial, I say. And yeah, I was like, okay, let's try to talk to you. What is yours? What is your offer? Maybe that works for me. Maybe you'll make me change something here. So, far, because I'm not losing anything. Okay, let's talk. Let's try. Perfect. For sure. Okay. Yeah. So, besides wanting to get healthier and fitter, and... See how there was, like, no emotion in there?
xavier kelly: Yeah. I should have gone like, okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
xavier kelly: Yeah. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And I guess, like, you know, I guess, you know, besides the obvious of just trying to get, see how you slow it down?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You're just like, okay, and besides the obvious, you know, besides just wanting to get a healthy and fitter, it's very rushed, very sped. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I get you, man. That makes sense. And I guess, on that, like, yeah, besides the obvious of just trying to get, you a little bit healthier, a little bit fitter.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What are the reasons, you know, behind you actually wanting to lose the weight? See, that's, like, a lot more slow.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, I look like I'm actively thinking about what I'm going to say.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Even though I know what I'm going to say, I'm just actively thinking, pausing so I can hit the right tonality.
xavier kelly: Correct.
Kyle Musca: Okay. You know, change your health. What do you feel like the real reason behind you wanting to lose the 10 kilos is? Like, what do you actually want to do? Um, so I've been, I've obese, not obese, but like with some overweight since my childhood, since I was a child, um, partially because it's genetically, um, like my father is overweighted, my, he's, my grandparents were overweighted, um, also my sister was always like thumpy, um, but, but now she actually, she, I consider that she made it. Usually when someone's family's overweight, a very big lever to pull the status of being the first person in their family who's not overweight and actually be a role model and inspiration to your friends and family. So they can, they can see that it is possible to do.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: He hasn't necessarily said that, so I wouldn't bring it up just yet, but that's a, usually an underlying thing. Great job in, uh, getting into a nice figure, but she really worked on that. Um, yeah, well, I think one side, because my father was never happy with his, uh, and he was like transferring this, uh, fear on me as well. So that's. That's why I think I was having those complexes since my childhood. Yeah. I was in the right of my head. Having a fat father or mother or something like that, also a good leave-it pull because they can see where their life will head already if they don't make a change.
xavier kelly: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it was with me my whole life. So finally, I'm willing to put a full stop to that. And also, let's make it honest, nowadays with social medias, that makes a huge pressure on people because people with great bodies, they want to post. They photos of people that don't look that great, don't post their photos, they don't get that many attention and so on. And it's also social pressure, let's be honest. For sure. We can be honest. There's a bit of social pressure. There's a little bit of vanity. You you look better. You feel better. You attract better partners. There's always that aspect of it, right? And also, I want to be fair, like, for my future life, I want her to look good. So that's also a fair point. I also look good for her. You want to leave by exam. Picking up a lot of status here from him. He wants to be seen as a healthiest, I'm going to be more aesthetic, visually attractive person. Awesome. When you picture your dad. Which from, so kind of goes on from what you're saying, because I can kind of see this in him as well. He's not pain driven, he's goal driven. He's not, he doesn't seem so far from what I've seen, he doesn't seem super in pain where he's at right now, but he does have a desire to become better, you know, so that's, that's essentially goal orientated. If they're not driven by moving away from pain, they're driven towards a goal. So we sell that, we sell the dream, we sell them what they want. If they want the dream, we sell them the dream. Okay, There's always an aspect of selling the dream, but like we, we emphasize that more if that's the case. I think that he would tell you or push onto you that he was so annoyed about And you would notice yourself in a similar situation and you were going in that direction. What exactly are, what exactly is going through your head when you realize that that is the direction you're heading unless you do something different like your sister did? Can you repeat your question? Because I'm not sure I got it. For sure. So I said, you said to me, correct, just correct me if I'm wrong. You said that your father would tell you when you were younger, he would complain about his weight. Is that right? Not like he was complaining about his weight. He was in general saying that being overweight is a bad thing. So that also, for instance, me and my sister, we shouldn't eat that much sweets. We shouldn't eat much. I have to work out more and so on. Okay. So when you're, obviously you've grown up now, you're an adult, you understand that, you you can be whoever you want to be, but when you're looking at yourself and you understand that you're not in a position where you feel like you should be, you're not having that confidence that you feel like you should have, what exactly is going through your head? Like, what is that making you feel? I just want to look in the mirror and I don't I don't want to see those curves. For when I'm putting the bike uniform, you can see how the belly is a bit sticking out. Or when I'm also trying to stretch, I'm feeling, okay, I'm not reaching much. So even pick up what he just said there, I want to look in the mirror, not I'm sick of looking in the mirror.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'm sick is a pain, I want is a desire. It shows perfectly. Or also when you're like coming to the beach and everyone like showing their six specs, or not even the six specs, just like, you know, like a body that looks good. Status. And you're like, okay, I also want to be there. Okay, cool. And how long has that been going for? Yeah, probably so far, since I remember myself. Okay, so since you were, since you can remember. Maybe 14, 13. Yeah, before that, you can even think about it, right? then some kids. When you were young, also maybe earlier, maybe like starting from 10, but it's just like, oh, okay. It's quite a while, pretty much your entire life. I think until 12, 13, you don't think about if you are being affected with the girls or not, but I think the age of 13, 14, when you're starting to think about that stuff, and yeah, that's part of it. Feeling like you've got that thought in the back of your mind where you get on the bike, or when you wear tight clothes, or when you do the stretching, and having that kind of issue in the back of your mind since you were even 10 to now 25, 15 years, what kind of effect do you feel like that's having on you as a person, on your confidence or your drive? I think it's undermines to some sense, but maybe, yeah, you can say that it's one of the drivers of setting up the personality of a person. For me, probably not the top factor, but definitely had some impacts in, let's say, undermining my personal confidence. For sure. So you would say that, having dealt with these issues for so long, it kind of molded you into this person that you are today. Oh, yeah. If we were to flip it, and we were to say, in 16 weeks, we drop 10 kilos, we build muscle, we teach you the skills to be able to keep it off, and keep it progressing, so you never need someone like me again, what do think that's going to mold you into? I think one thing would be definitely that, first of all, I prove to myself that I achieved it, because I'd say if it's a long-term goal that I have been failing to achieve for so long time, and then finally getting there probably would boost me some confidence in my own powers and skills, and also maybe wouldn't make me that close talking to other people. Okay, cool. So, if we did... So, he wants the feeling of accomplishment as well, not just the body, wants the feeling of accomplishment. You would say it would make me get out of your comfort zone more, and you would feel more confident and put yourself out there, and not really second-guess for decisions.
xavier kelly: Missed it on that one, think.
Kyle Musca: Probably it wouldn't make that much of impact. Definitely, from this, I see a positive... Step in the right direction. Yeah, but it wouldn't offset all of the troubles, but... Okay. But it'd be a step in the right direction, too. That's for sure. That's for sure. Okay. Cool. All Well, this is my main concern. You didn't paint the picture there enough, either. You kind of asked to remove your problems, but it's like... And he's given you a lot to paint so far. I mean...
xavier kelly: Yeah. I talk about all situations.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So let's say in 16 weeks, you know, I've been able to help you, you know, strip that 10 kilos, you know, you're feeling more confident than you've ever been in your entire life, right? When you go down the beach and you take your shirt off, you know, instead of potentially feeling, you know, maybe a little bit insecure to do it and, like, maybe potentially people are judging you, you know, you're actually keen to take your shirt off because you've got, you know, that shape to you, you know, you might even well and truly have a six-pack then for the first time in your life, right? And you're starting to get girls, like, give you a little bit of a glance, you know, you've never really felt that before. And, you know, when you rock up to, you know, family gatherings or whatever. Family dinners, whatever it is, your parents, your sister, everything like that. They can't believe the transformation that you've been through. They're asking, what's your secret? What are you taking? They can't believe it. And you're able to not only be an inspiration to them, but an actual role model to your friends and family and show them what's actually possible when you put your mind to it. And, you know, you're not only proud of the physique you've built, but you're proud of all the effort that you've actually put in to actually achieve it. And you know now that you're capable of seeing something through when you actually put your mind to it, right? When you feel, when you think of yourself in that position, you know, you've become the best version of yourself that you want to become. I guess, how does that make you feel?
xavier kelly: Yeah. So really laying it down, paying the picture on the pain points, flipping them and Going like, well, you know, if you see yourself in that position, I guess, how does that make you feel?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: And go, okay, cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Blank.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If they're not smiling when you paint the picture, you've done it wrong.
xavier kelly: Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And this happens a lot. What happens if you do what most guys do and they have this issue where, you know, they've got a little bit extra weight and they hate it, but they don't get the help they need. And enough. So, I'd be real cautious of saying stuff like that. So, it's a psychological thing where if most people do something, even if it's the wrong thing to do, then that psychologically must be the norm to do and therefore I should do it too. All right. So, it's like, I can't remember. I think it's in the book Influence or whatever. But it's like, I can't remember the exact thing, but it was like, they put signs up in a national park. Where they were saying that a lot of people were, I guess, like walking on the trees or littering or something like that in order to try and reduce people walking on trees and littering. But what it actually did is because it said a lot of people are doing it, more people started doing it. You know what mean? So you've got to be careful of saying that. So just say like on the flip side of that, my concern is like what happens if you never go out there and just get some help? That's why we want to say like when it's a positive thing, you know.
xavier kelly: Wouldn't you say it would be like most people do? Like what if you, maybe I paint the picture as like, and this is my main concern. What do you think happens when you don't get the help you need? And let's just say like your dad, you just think that this is genetics and that you're stuck this way. What do you think happens then?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, I'll be careful about bringing his dad up because he said before that he didn't really classify if his dad was super overweight or not. Yeah. does that with genetics and everything.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But if you drill on that again, you might be like, you're not understanding me. I would say, I would just keep to the script. Like, you know, my concern is what happens if you never go, you know, get the right help so you can learn the right skills you need. And as time goes on, you know, and you get older, things slow down, things get harder. And that weight just sort of keeps, you know, creeping on. And, you know, you keep taking that one step forward. But because you've, you know, aged a little bit and things have slowed down, instead of two steps back, you start taking three steps back. And that weight really starts creeping on, right? And your confidence continues to decrease. And I guess, you know, seeing your sister, who's made the transformation, she's living a happiest, healthiest life. And seeing that you had the option to do that as well, but you just never really went out there on that limit and took that chance and took that opportunity to do it for yourself. And you can visually see the difference in lives that you're leading. Things just get even worse for you, I guess, like, what would that, you know, be like and feel like?
xavier kelly: Yeah. So like paint the picture in the positive way where they smile, bring up all the things that they talked about that they're struggling with and give them the flip side of the benefits if they fix that issue. And then when you get to the negative, it's like, okay, well, you talked about like these things that are happening to you, like I'll list them. And then you explain how they could get worse and how that way could start to creep up and you start getting a little bit older. And it gets not only more weight adds on, but it gets harder to lose it and your confidence keeps going down, pain point, pain point. I guess like, how would that make you feel?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: So like doing the complete opposite, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, totally agree. Without like trying too hard, you know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah, for sure. For sure. I'm just like, I just, I get like, I guess just, you know, I'm always just, it looks like I'm just kind of pondering and just throwing the idea out of my head. I'm not like, I guess if you, you know, is that what you're to say?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's just like. Yeah. I just say like, well, you know, I got to ask, man, like, you know, on the flip side of that, you know what mean? Because then we're looking at the opposite.
xavier kelly: Okay. So maybe not, this isn't my main concern. Like this is the part of the script. It's okay. Well, I got to ask, man, like on the flip side and then paint the texture, make it sad, gloomy. How would that make you feel?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. For you, man, I would, cause I, I, I follow the script word for word. Like, and I just infill the information that needs to be infilled. So for you, I would get really good at that. Cause otherwise, like you start throwing in words, like obviously, you know, I feel like you have a bit of a tendency to unintentionally accuse people, if that makes sense. I mean, which can, you know, very, it doesn't sound like it and you don't mean it like that, but it can come across as, you know, for, for the wrong or even just a normal person can come across as offensive. And like. The slightest bit of offense can push a guard up and make it impossible for them to crack. And I feel like that's probably what happened here because you see as you go through this period where you do say some things that weren't kind of exactly what he said. And you can see his arms then do close up and he does become closed off because like what was happening here is, again, you were selling the slightly wrong solution, if that makes sense.
xavier kelly: Hmm. I understand. Yeah. I think I missed the mark on some of those pain points.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's about really, and this is why I think following the script word for word until you get really, really, really confident with it, even then, because by that time you will just know it word for word, but it allows you to, you can write notes and you can listen really in depth. So that way you don't miss anything. And then all you have to do is just come, you don't have to think about it. Okay, cool. And I get you, besides. Besides, you know, a bit of structure, let's say we're just sit down and really just map this out step by step, you know, in terms of like the amount of time that you have available, the level of support and accountability you need, or the resources you'd like me to provide, because we're not putting things into their mouth then, right? What do you feel like you would really need, you know, from someone like me in order to be successful?
xavier kelly: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So I would, I would just get into the habit of just, you know, following the script word for word, because if you do that, then it's like, you know, you can easily close it, you know, 60, 70%. If you're really nailing tonality, really do like, you know, doing those, uh, and, and body language, facial expressions and stuff, it will require less effort from you.
xavier kelly: Yeah. And it's good to know that that's possible. I mean, I like that now, that sound of that, 60, 50.
Kyle Musca: And there's less variables into it because it's like, we know for a fact that the wording on this script works. Absolutely. If you bring in your own wording and try and think of it on the go, you're adding more variables into it.
xavier kelly: And more than likely, it's going to be a negative effect rather than a positive effect. Yeah, and it's hard to pinpoint where the issue is if everything calls different and you're changing the wording.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. So it's like we want, you know, the wording for this should be the same. And then we just infill the information that they give us.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
xavier kelly: Yeah, I understand. Sorry, I'm sure people are hassling me. Okay, awesome. Well, that's good. You should be expecting some  emotional, really, to the script calls. And then, yeah, I feel like that's kind of been drilled into me really well in terms of that. And then I think the last thing that I will be working on is just working on those objection cyclings and just making sure that I deliver that in a really seamless way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think, I think. think the, well, the setting process definitely seems to massively improve, man.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which is fantastic. And yeah, for you, your sales skills are definitely improving from the looks of it. So I would just, again, like this next week, I just want to challenge you to follow that script as closely as possible word for word. Because I've seen it multiple, multiple times, man. I've seen a bit where people will go off script and they'll cut it short and do all the different things. And then as soon as they just sort of like wrap their head around, just following it as closely as possible, close rate just  skyrockets.
xavier kelly: Okay. Okay. Cool. I'm going to do that.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, man. Keep me up there. But yeah, if we can maintain, if we can maintain like 10 to 15 calls a week organically, man, you're going to be  laughing.
xavier kelly: Yeah, no, I think, I think we definitely can. Like no problem whatsoever. Easy. Just on the stories and everything. 100%.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, bro. Awesome, man. Keep me updated if you have any questions. Just. So yeah, otherwise, yeah, sales is the last thing we need to sort of turn the tap on, and we're golden from that.
xavier kelly: Okay, brother. All right. Thank you so much.
Kyle Musca: You enjoy. Awesome, man. And also that group coaching at 4 p.m. Tuesday, Wednesday, time.
xavier kelly: Done.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome, Ciao, Tim.
xavier kelly: Ciao.


>>> 179/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-23T05:49:15Z | id:140375525
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. What's going on?
Bre Colley: Chloe was like, I'm so  keen. Chloe Bromwich, she's like, thank you for thinking of me, so keen, like, just spammed me with . So she's coming on next Monday, which is so sick. And she's got, like, a great following. And Dij, who I always talk about, that I tell you that I love, is, like, good friends with her. So if we can get Chloe on, I'm sure Dij would be open to it as well. So that's cool. And also, do you remember Abby? She was, like, friends with Jess, but not that close. She would always be at the gym, but she has her own business in marketing. Yeah, she's so keen, too. So I think that would be a cool, different perspective.
Kyle Musca: Abby was the real, like, friendly, nice one, wasn't she?
Bre Colley: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I didn't know she was in marketing business.
Bre Colley: Yeah, yeah, she started a...
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. I saw that.
Bre Colley: Yeah, that's so cool.
Kyle Musca: She's not, but I feel like that's .
Bre Colley: Yeah, I feel like a lot of our content is a little bit meh and AI generated and whatever. But I still think it's cool to like just have different people on. I've messaged like eight people and we'll see how we go. But I was like, that's so cool. Because yeah, that anyways, I'm just like proud of that. Stoked.
Kyle Musca: I think it'd be good. Anyway, let's dive in. Let's go into your check-in form. How's this week been overall, bud?
Bre Colley: Yeah, well, I feel like I'm just like today, I'm like, don't even know what I'm doing. Like I'm just chilling, just kind of booking flights and stuff for the retreat. But it's good because I obviously didn't have that many calls booked in.
Kyle Musca: You know what you should have done before that is you should try and get a UAE Amex. So it's like if you're going to book all your flights and  through that, least you can like that. I Why?
Bre Colley: Why? Why? Why? That would have been smart. I tried. Apparently, they don't have it or it's not available or something.
Kyle Musca: I called Amex. Nah. Well, I did too as well. What they said is like apply for a new one. And then once you've done that, you can call them and be like, hey, well, I've got an Australian one. Can you transfer it over?
Bre Colley: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I just have not done that.
Bre Colley: But yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Let's go into this.
Bre Colley: Wow. That's unique. Is that your second one?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but they're only small.
Bre Colley: Oh my God. You've had four coffees. Coffees? Yeah, we'll go with that. How many business clients do you have now?
Kyle Musca: One, two, three, four, five. Oh, no, that's not one. One, two, three, four. four. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11.
Bre Colley: Babes, that's epic. Remember, you were like, all I need is like 10 and I'll be .
Kyle Musca: Technically 12 with Jake, but I'd, oh, technically 13 with Jake and Hattie.
Bre Colley: Oh, yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: I just have calls with them. Yeah. That's sick, babes.
Bre Colley: You should be proud of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, what are doing here? I get this. Cool. Seven so far, five sold. How many calls do have for the rest of the week?
Bre Colley: Like, one this morning cancelled and the other one hasn't confirmed, so that's not ideal. And then I have three tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: So, 10 calls, I mean, that's not too bad.
Bre Colley: not horrible, but it's not like a lot. But at the same time, we are cutting down on like who gets to book in a call as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, as long as it's quality.
Bre Colley: And it does seem like quality because we sold five. Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: So, have you done, yeah, because over the last seven days, you've only spent, yeah, $1,300.
Bre Colley: That's all right.
Kyle Musca: So, how's your lead magnet going? Do you know where these seven calls came from?
Bre Colley: I need to figure out what color is what. That's the issue. I'm pretty sure, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm keen for this new sheet because it will have the...
Bre Colley: Yeah. Well, it looks like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and then 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. So, it's like half and half, I think.
Kyle Musca: Have you filled this in?
Bre Colley: I don't fill it in once. I almost went. Thank Again, babes, if I'm able to start. I mean, Camille, I told her to do it, and she said she would, like, change the day and everything. So we shall see. Because this  just doesn't make sense in my head. I should be able to figure it out and whatnot, but that's why I have you.
Kyle Musca: Oh, come She hasn't done it? No.
Bre Colley: Give a second.
Kyle Musca: No. So we'll just do it ourselves. Let's do the lead, maybe, because I want to see that first. So what we're going to do, right, if you spent $400 in that amount. Oh, yeah. Get out of here, . Sweet dreams of me. When's your closing start?
Bre Colley: Monday.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool.
Bre Colley: But I should have a few. Your ad's back by the end of the week about the retreat as well, so I'd love to, like, push those out for her as well.
Kyle Musca: Tommy, you can get them on sales calls with Tommy as well.
Bre Colley: Oh, yeah, true. They'll also join mine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Bre Colley: But, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Leave my qualified. Let's change that to... Hopefully this doesn't  it for us.
Bre Colley: I also asked my setter to do a low-ticket magic hat thing with my inner circle as well, and I also sent out broadcasts of, like, expired clients from ages ago. haven't updated the broadcast, and then also potential clients that never signed, and I sent them out a message about the inner circle as well, so just kind of, like, pushing everything out there. But I've also got someone doing weekly emails for me, sharing the podcast or any lead magnets, like we spoke about last week, to get more people, like, obviously watching long-form content or just, like, giving free  as well. So trying to do a few other, like, back-behind-the-scene things other than ads as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, that's going to be  skewed. But that's when it goes. All right. This is a little problematic.
Bre Colley: What? The 9%? Oh, no. What's that one?
Kyle Musca: 5%? Yeah, because in this, it says you've had 42 in the last two days, seven days. In this, it says you've had 103. But I would say, like, why that? it. We'll just go off this. 103. That's what we're going with. Total ad bookings from Leadmag?
Bre Colley: Um, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: What do you mean, baby?
Bre Colley: I know. It's just...
Kyle Musca: Are they in different corners?
Bre Colley: Yeah, I'm just looking now. So this is under... I'm just not sure if they're... Okay, so 2, 4, 6, 8. 8 from that. And then what is the lead? And then 2, 4, 5 from the lead magnet.
Kyle Musca: How many cores from that that showed?
Bre Colley: 1, 2, 3. Out of, like, all of them or the lead magnet?
Kyle Musca: Out of that 5, yeah.
Bre Colley: I have 2 tomorrow. And then all of them showed, so 3. And I sold those 3.
Kyle Musca: No, this is from the 5th... Oh, I can't.
Bre Colley: Okay. So there was... Oh, I can't. I can't. Thank One, two, three, four, up until today, five, six, seven, so seven.
Kyle Musca: In the last seven days, but you go four.
Bre Colley: Yeah, yeah, yeah, in the last seven days.
Kyle Musca: So seven in the last seven days.
Bre Colley: Yeah. And then one was a no-show, one was Indian. Some counts as a show. True. One, two, three, four. One, two, three,  me. Four, five. Yeah, five.
Kyle Musca: Five I sold out of the, was it, did I say? So six showed, you sold five.
Bre Colley: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so basically the same numbers, metrics.
Bre Colley: That's really, really  good.
Kyle Musca: Really  good, mate. Okay, and how much cash collected?
Bre Colley: Oh, . I do, I don't do it from Thursday to Thursday, so that's. Yeah. I, It's of  annoying. I guess, well, we can still use this whole week plus the last week. So that date was...
Kyle Musca: But it's just from Lead Bank.
Bre Colley: That's not total. .
Kyle Musca: Are you filling your closer sheet?
Bre Colley: It should have that on there. Yeah, 1,000... That was the day before. That was included. 1,000, 2,000, two and a half. 3 and a half. Pay in full. 4, 5, 6, 7. I think... I think it's like 10 and a half, I think.
Kyle Musca: Cash collected.
Bre Colley: Yeah. I had like 3 pay in full. One was a, yeah, three planes.
Kyle Musca: much, Rick, how much contract?
Bre Colley: Don't know.
Kyle Musca: You've got to do this, buddy.
Bre Colley: Yeah, I know, because it's like, I don't realise that there's , I'll have to sort it out in the sheets, because, like, I need to put next to it if they're, like, lead magnet or not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it should be, there's a tab for it.
Bre Colley: I know.
Kyle Musca: Well, you've got to throw it out if you do it on the call.
Bre Colley: I know, I'll do it. That was a . You still want me to figure it out right in this moment?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: .
Kyle Musca: We need to know, babe.
Bre Colley: I'm angry.
Kyle Musca: Well, just add up all their contracts and then minus the 10-5.
Bre Colley: Yeah, but I haven't listed who is what.
Kyle Musca: How do you just give me cash collected if you didn't do that?
Bre Colley: Well, I haven't listed who's lead magnet, who's not, is what I'm trying to say.
Kyle Musca: Oh.
Bre Colley: Can't you just cross-reference with the go-high-level, can't I'm thinking. Shh.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Bre Colley: God damn. Oh, this is the, yeah, okay, you want the whole  . That is 25 plus. Very good, five plus.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you do that. I mean, I could reduce it.
Bre Colley: I mean, I wasn't supposed to be, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, a Okay. $19,000.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Future revenue minus the $10,500.
Bre Colley: Yeah, you've got to minus the $10,500, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So $19,000 minus $10,500.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So $8,500.
Bre Colley: Yeah, I think so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. $42,000 return on investment. That is a wild, man. We need to push that  high. I'm just going to keep adding to that.
Bre Colley: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Really, yeah. Next week, I'm going to be able to jump on this, and it's either done, or we just do it very quickly.
Bre Colley: Yeah, I'll be better.
Kyle Musca: Now we have to do direct response. So.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Total leads from direct response. Leads, 31, 31.
Bre Colley: How many ad bookings did get from it? From last Thursday to this episode. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Including this Thursday?
Kyle Musca: No. No, no.
Bre Colley: So 10, but there was three out of that that cancelled. And then I only signed.
Kyle Musca: Wait, so seven showed up?
Bre Colley: Sorry, one was a no-show.
Kyle Musca: So six showed up?
Bre Colley: Three cancelled, one was a no-show. And then, Kelly, I think I sold one, sorry, another one cancelled.
Kyle Musca: Five showed up.
Bre Colley: Yeah. And I sold one, two, three, four out of the five that showed up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: Yeah, that's correct.
Kyle Musca: You know what's crazy is your shelf rate is way  better. Not way better, it's usually pretty high. But even from that, that's interesting. You know what you might want to do is, and this is just a food for thought, but you could even give the direct response people that masterclass while they wait.
Bre Colley: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: We won't do that right now, there's too much of a  on. How much money you make on that, huh? What are you laughing at?
Bre Colley: Where is my thing?
Kyle Musca: I've had 30 people apply.
Bre Colley: Clearly, so 6,800 plus, , who is it? 68, those three girls, so, let's just say 7 minus 200, so 7, so 10 and a half, 11, 12, 13, 14. Well, my current lot back was on 14, so 13.8, maybe she did it somewhere.
Kyle Musca: indeed, it's all right. I've got 30 people apply for the closing round.
Bre Colley: Oh, wow. So how much future rep?
Kyle Musca: Or total rep, even.
Bre Colley: 13.8.
Kyle Musca: Total rep?
Bre Colley: can't find, yeah, there's another girl, but I can't find her  thing, which is so retarded. Oh, six months platinum. Okay, so that's another 17.3. And then cash collected was...
Kyle Musca: The 17.300 total.
Bre Colley: Yeah. And then... 6,800, 7,800, 8,300, 9,300, oh no, 88, I think it's 80, oh wait, I think it's 9,800 out of that I collected, had a big pay and pull.
Kyle Musca: So 9,800, yeah, so 20 return on investment at 42, which is pretty crazy, but lead mag definitely pulling through, so we'll just keep scaling that bad boy.
Bre Colley: Yeah, sounds good. I also have my, no, let's just keep scaling it.
Kyle Musca: Wow.
Bre Colley: I have another one, but we'll keep that later.
Kyle Musca: I want to go through. This conversation. Is there anything that you want to specifically cover, by the way?
Bre Colley: No. I filled in my form. I think I wrote  in there. Oh, I did write in there that I want to know. I kind of know, but I just kind of want to cover and go over how I would do the retreat thing because I want to make sure that I know what I'm doing, like saying before I feel confident before it. That's a girl that's sold.
Kyle Musca: Why are they? Oh, this is because I added the subscribe thing. No? Why are they still so old? Yeah.
Bre Colley: I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Lead Mag Qualified. Maybe. Mm-hmm. That can't be right.
Bre Colley: Yeah, that's not correct. There's more chats. All chats. Nimbus. That's more like it. Maybe the lead man. Those look super old still. That's weird.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you fat . That's so weird. That can't be right. You have many times glitching.
Bre Colley: Yeah, it seems like it. I agree, Tom.
Kyle Musca: Maybe ask a set of what they use for that. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, come back to this.
Bre Colley: Fath, also just looking.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, how do you filter qualified leads for the lead magnet? You what we could do, actually. What's the trigger word for it? 999-888.
Bre Colley: 90.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, don't know what's going on here. You  wanker.
Bre Colley: Yeah, that's weird.
Kyle Musca: Hey, loser.
Bre Colley: How does that come under... Qualified, though.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no, you just type 90. To be fair, it's probably a bit of a waste of time because you only get, like, 7% of people. Yeah. So it's a volume thing.
Bre Colley: Yeah, sure.
Kyle Musca: Can you get yourself to tag these people that engage in conversation?
Bre Colley: Under what?
Kyle Musca: Do you have booked a call? Yeah, call booked. Call prompted? Yeah, those two.
Bre Colley: This chick is meant to have a call with me, like, right now, but she hasn't replied.
Kyle Musca: Probably shouldn't do all three. Don't know what happened there, but...
Bre Colley: Well, because she hadn't replied, like, from the other messages, so they just kind of, like, bumped it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but they were sent at the same time.
Bre Colley: Right.
Kyle Musca: I like what I'm doing here with the cancel thing. I don't know if you want to implement that, but... Oh, well, your short rate's not .
Bre Colley: Let's not change. My short rate's pretty good. Like, it's just been, like, these two today, which is kind of weird. That girl's signed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't think these are... I think she's just tagging the call booked if they're from the direct ads. Oh, yeah, seriously. Yeah. I mean, this is all in the last day, though. There's a  fair amount of them. You know, cool. Now I'm coming to this. Making five sales. It's only halfway through the week. Team is showing up how they should be. Yes, making moves. Not yet. Tomorrow's... job. Four so far. Healthy competition. Resting on the weekend. Back capacity. We've kind of spoken about everything, but just, I guess, anything I need to know. I haven't spoken about. Find even more. I would make, from the video you showed me today, not sure what you did for the others, but I would make a version, like a day or something, if you're going to make these ads, where every single hook is revolved around, you know, the retreat or the challenge.
Bre Colley: I know. Those ones weren't. So I've got the Talking Head videos that I filmed on Tuesday that are all about, like, what we covered last week. So they're just getting edited, and then they're the ones I want to send you through.
Kyle Musca: Yep.
Bre Colley: Yep.
Kyle Musca: You didn't really add anything in here, baby.
Bre Colley: Yeah, I did. I said, um, the retreat. We'll send you some retreat. Okay, haven't said it on calls, maybe we can run through that, I kind of get it, but I'm not clear, so I keep bitching it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, how much are you charging for it now?
Bre Colley: 8,200. Flights are not that cheap, so.
Kyle Musca: No, I would just, instead of your, I would probably just replace your emerald package, your top, oh, sorry, your platinum package, your top tier one, and just use that one instead.
Bre Colley: Yeah, okay. So I usually share two options, I'm like, we could either do this, whenever I want them to buy one, I'm like, we can either, I'm leaning more towards this one, but I kind of like, what do you call it, price anchor them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would just do, I would combine this and this. So it's like, yeah. So yeah. So for this, for the retreat package, it's an extremely comprehensive six-month program. And it's an extremely comprehensive six-month program. It's really built to maximize support and accountability and communication so that you're in the best possible shape for the trip to Thailand. So if we're looking at this option, it would come out to be 8,800, right? It would come out to be 8,800. Now, with this, you'd obviously receive the full custom training program built around your lifestyle and your goals, your body, and everything like that. Nutrition guidance and comprehensive meal plans tailored by our nutritionists. 24-7 text and call support. So if you have any questions, you want any clarification or you need help, you can reach out anytime for any reason. We're going to be doing a weekly check-in call to review how the week went, assess progress, and identify what needs. needs to be adjusted to keep things moving forward. A second weekly strategy call where you plan out, you wouldn't do that. So this is where you talk about the retreat, right?
Bre Colley: Okay.
Kyle Musca: All right. And then, of course, what's included in this entire package is the entire, like all the expenses that actually go into, you know, coming over for the retreat. So that's the flights, that's the accommodation, that's the activities, everything like that. So not only are getting a full six-month comprehensive training program with maximized support, you're also getting the retreat included into that package, course, right? So, yeah, I guess with that being said, yeah, how does that sound?
Bre Colley: Yeah, okay. Let's see what you're saying. Could I, I kind of do the script a little bit different because I get to the point where I say, like, let me just bring it up. Um, I... Talk about it all, explain it, blah, blah, blah. And then I say, , where did it go? Amazing. I'm happy with everything we've spoken about today. More than confident, we can get you to where you want to be. When we're ideally hoping to get started with everything, and then I challenge them on that if they say blah, blah, blah. I was like, okay, the only thing to run through at this point is the investment side of things. Typically, all we do is set you up in our systems, add you to the group chats, send you out all your onboarding forms. Great. So, I have two options for you. I'm leaning more towards my platinum package, but I want to give you both options because you know you best and what you need right now. So, my Emerald Package, everything we discussed today, it does include an extra personal development call, which we go through your mindset, we go through education, blah, blah, blah, blah. But a lot of girls are in therapy, so I'm like, I think it's a little bit overkill for what you actually need. But for the full six months, it's just 5,000. Now, a lot of girls choose to pay up front. Because they save over transaction fees, commitment to their becoming, blah, blah, blah. Now, obviously, stand behind everything you do. So if you sign up today, follow everything you lay up for you, and not get a result you're absolutely stoked with, not only I will give you all your money back plus $500 for wasting your time. So you either get paid or you get results. I say the other way around. So for the full six months for our platinum package is just $3,500, which you feel more aligned to with where you're at right now. And then that's when they go blah, blah, blah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's how you usually would do it. But we're just trying to sell the retreat package here. So we're going to remove that option, the two options out of it. Because then if they say, oh, that's too expensive, which a lot of them will, then you'll like, okay, well, that's no stress. Look, what we could do instead is instead of doing the retreat package for $8,800, we could just do the six-month gold package, right, which is essentially all the customer training and everything like that. the program. Instead of whatever, yeah, quickly aside. Instead of... $8,800. That would bring it right down to $3,500. So you're going to save over $5,000 just off that. And then, of course, there is going to be one girl that actually wins the challenge. And then she'll get her flights and accommodation, everything like that, 100% paid for her. So as long as you're ready to put in the effort, this is still a fantastic option and still gives you the opportunity to win that spot to come to the retreat. Now, with this, you would have already said the guarantee by now.
Bre Colley: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah? Does that sound a little bit more reasonable to get started?
Bre Colley: Yeah, it does.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, well, give me a what?
Bre Colley: Okay. Yeah, okay. I just need to run over it just so that I can actually do it.
Kyle Musca: I'll practice it tomorrow. Yeah.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You need a bit of a role play now. got time. Do you want?
Bre Colley: Yeah, well. Let me just double-check. This girl hasn't joined my meeting. No, she hasn't. What a  loser. Fathom. Okay, let me get my script. Where am I starting from?
Kyle Musca: When were you hoping to get started?
Bre Colley: Okay. So when were you hoping to get started with everything?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, pretty much as soon as possible.
Bre Colley: Okay, amazing. Well, between Kat and I, we can get everything sorted for you within 24 to 48 hours once you receive all your onboarding forms back. But we wouldn't officially start till Monday, so it gives us time to get those back, design everything out for you. You'll also get to book your onboarding call with Kat. She's amazing, and she'll go through everything to make sure you're clear and confident moving forward into next week. So how does that sound to you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it sounds amazing.
Bre Colley: Okay, awesome. So the only thing at this point is to run through the investment side of things, and then typically we'll add you to the group chat, set you up in our systems, and send you all your onboarding forms. And we are good to thrive. So I do not have to, obviously. Great. So, oh, I would have explained the retreat earlier, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You would have mentioned it. You would have mentioned it.
Bre Colley: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You don't need to explain too much with it, because you're going explain the juice of it now.
Bre Colley: Right. See, I don't. I explained the juice of it beforehand.
Kyle Musca: I would not do that necessarily, because we want to say it, at least to a degree, we want to say it after we drop the price, so we can recenter their value on the actual. Because if we just say price, it's all they focus on. The last thing they hear is the thing they focus on. So, cool. Okay. Okay. Fantastic. Well, I guess, so from here, just comes down to. The kind of the investment and everything like that. So with the challenge and retreat package that I'm currently running, essentially that comes out to be for the full six months and the retreat, comes out to be 8,000, sorry, 8,800. Now, with that, you obviously get a full six months of custom training program, all built specifically for you, your body, your goals. You're going to get a fully comprehensive meal plan with all your calorie macros and everything like that laid out for you. With everything to do with the program, it has unlimited adjustments. So if there's anything that you're not happy with or, you know, whatever the case may be, we will get adjusted many times as needed. And then we'll be doing weekly call check-ins where we'll take a deep dive into your week, make sure that you are progressing at the rate we think you're capable of. And if not, what needs to adjust in order to get you there? And then, of course, you have 24-7 text and call communication with us. There's quite a lot more that goes into the actual program, but I feel like you get the point. And then, of course, with that, it also covers all the expenses. lot of expenses. you That go into the retreat as well. that covers your flights, that covers your accommodation, that covers activities, everything like that. So not only are getting a full six-month program to get you into the best physical, mental shape of your life, you're also getting the entire retreat covered in that as well. So I guess with all that being, and then obviously with that, I stand behind everything that I say. So if you did jump on this and you followed everything I laid out for you and you didn't get a result you were absolutely stoked with, not only will give you a full refund, all this is swinging $500 cash just for wasting your time, right? So essentially, you either get results or you get paid, right? So yeah, I guess with that being said, like, how does that sound?
Bre Colley: It's a lot more than I was hoping to spend.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I get you. And I guess just out of curiosity, like, how much do you feel like you would spend? You know, on a holiday to Thailand, I wouldn't say that, but you know what mean?
Bre Colley: Yeah, I'm like, yeah, I feel like someone wouldn't actually say that. I don't get people saying that, what I just said, so it's kind of a bit of a...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's, you know, for some people it might seem like a lot to spend. But to be honest, if that's the case, you're probably not the right girl we want on this retreat. We don't really want broke . So what we can do...
Bre Colley: it, hell. I thought you were serious for a second, and then you were like, broke . was like, oh, okay. , man. Yeah, okay. I might like reword my script for the retreat a little bit so that I have it there. I still use the script. I cover everyone's face. Not full face, just their eyes.
Kyle Musca: I would, yeah, just duplicate it and reword it and stuff specifically for the retreat.
Bre Colley: Yeah, I can do that. Shall we... Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. don't know. Maybe... Yeah. I mean... So what was the mid-rate you charged?
Bre Colley: Mid-rate?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So not the early bird one, the mid-rate.
Bre Colley: Oh, $8,200. So it was $77, $82, $88.
Kyle Musca: Do you make much off that?
Bre Colley: Well, it's looking – well, the thing is I was going – I was talking to Chloe as well, how much I'm going to spend on her, but we've removed a few things, but the flights are way more than we thought. So basically, I was going to pay for Shev's accommodation, $4,000, but I just said, you're going in with them, and she was fine with that. So I only have to spend $2,000. So I think I will make some because I was going to have an extra $2,000 to spend on Shev, but I'm not going to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you could be like – so so far, four girls have already taken up the retreat offer before we even launched it, and I'm going to be capping it at eight girls. So for the first five girls. Which means there's one spot left open. The retreat comes out to be, you know, you can even say 8,800 if you wanted to. After that, once this last spot goes for the remaining three girls, they'll be on the standard rate of 10,000 for the entire package.
Bre Colley: Yeah, okay. Yeah, cool. Scarcity.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Bre Colley: Cool. Thanks, babes.
Kyle Musca: You're a good buddy. Any other questions?
Bre Colley: No, I'm Gucci.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. We'll see how the closer goes. If need be, I'm also happy to even trial her on some of my, if she can take Australian and US calls, if she needs call volume. See how she goes in her account.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Let's just test first.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, because. I can kind of sense this AB girl is going to be a little bit annoying.
Bre Colley: Yeah. And the thing is, I still want to take a few calls. I don't want to take heaps, but I'd be happy taking 10 calls a week. I don't mind that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, see how she goes and then go from there.
Bre Colley: Are you going to increase my ad spend on the...
Kyle Musca: I will keep drip feeding it up, yeah.
Bre Colley: Okay. That was good. Cool. Thanks, babes.
Kyle Musca: Anything else you want to call?
Bre Colley: No, I want to go eat.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Cool, babes. This will be our last week and then we'll start the Tuesday calls for next week and then I'll turn off the payment thing. you remind... I should remember, just remind me about that anyway.
Bre Colley: Yeah, so we won't have calls anymore.
Kyle Musca: No, we will have calls. I'll turn off the payment for it.
Bre Colley: Oh, true, right. Okay, sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: No, I never even check. Okay. Okay. Thank That account, to be fair. It's just stacking up.
Kyle Musca: won't turn off the payment for it.
Bre Colley: Yeah,  you.
Kyle Musca: Cool. A lot of people said they're keen on for it, though, so you should have a good turnout.
Bre Colley: Well, my thing is now I've realized I've  the script at the end, so I have to teach it the way you want, not the way I do it.
Kyle Musca: No, you can teach it how you want.
Bre Colley: Okay. I'll see how I go with, like, because obviously it's working the way I do it. Because one of the things that I really took away from, the only thing I really took away from Shelby Sapp's, like, call, or, like, podcasting, was they need to know and be clear on everything moving forward so that they're, like, there's no questions at the end. Like, they understand what the next steps are, so they're like, yep, let's do it. And that's why I've changed the script a little bit and how I explain it as well. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, uncovering your ability to do it, so it's fine.
Bre Colley: Okay. Thanks.
Kyle Musca: All right. And then, I don't know. can obviously run it however you want, but I reckon just get a call from someone in there, call recording, and just review it as a group.
Bre Colley: Yeah, sounds good. Can you tell them all to have a call ready every week to bring in just in case?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've got a note to send a thing out on every Monday, so I'll just copy and paste the same message to it all. Is it going to be the same Google Meet link every week?
Bre Colley: I think so. I don't know how that works. If it doesn't work, then we can figure that out as we go. Why don't I ask Ford?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, all right. keep me up. Bye. Love you. Love you. Bye.


>>> 180/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-23T07:19:42Z | id:140381252
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, how you going?
asha: Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, how's things?
asha: Good. In Melbourne at the moment, so.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no, it's just on holiday?
asha: Yeah, just visiting a friend, and I've also seen my girlfriend, she's 36, oh, well, Ava, who works for me. I'm meeting up with her as well, so she's, like, about to pop at any second, so that's nice spending time with her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, Em, we will dive into things.
asha: How's this week been overall? So this week's been good with sales. I've only had five, four. I wrote this down, so I actually  know this time. I've only taken four calls, and I've closed three girls this week. But, yeah, and, you know, three of those calls, two I had yesterday. Wait, maybe I, I think I had five calls, sorry, I think I  that up. Two calls I had yesterday, two calls I had today, and I closed three of those. Like, they're only from the last couple days of, like, being in my DMs and chatting to girls, where I haven't really had a lot of girls automatically, like, you know, booking calls through the link, which is odd. But I guess I, I don't know, like, I feel like I've been posting content. I just haven't been getting as much interest.
Kyle Musca: Have you had a fair few girls come through the ManyChat flow?
asha: I think there's only been 60, for some reason I have 63 in my head, let me just check.
Kyle Musca: So for this, I'll just show you, ready? So easiest thing to do is go to...
asha: Yeah, 64, go to the automation, hey.
Kyle Musca: No, so you come into Contacts, you go Filter, go Tag, go Qualified.
asha: Oh, where the... you. Hang on. I can't see. But yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you tag qualified leads, system field subscribed after we go from last Wednesday, system field subscribed before, and then we'll go from yesterday.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And move this. So you've had eight girls come through in the last seven days.
asha: Okay. I thought you meant in total. So yeah, eight girls. And Georgia was one of them. Mish was one of them. And then the other girls, a lot of them haven't even been through the automation. You know how I did a couple of like the click on this sticker and then I messaged them being like, hey girl, tell me a little bit about what you're trying to achieve. So I had about three of them through that as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So that works really well. Have you tried the Fire Empty one?
asha: No, not yet. I need to just go in and add that to the automation. Hey, just to be like respond with the fire. I think I'll do that tomorrow or sometime this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like a silly thing, but just because it's so easy for them to do, it might actually work really well.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what we might even do is just quickly add it now, just because I want to see if you can even do it.
asha: Yeah. I think I clicked in it the other day. literally has, yeah. Is that it?
Kyle Musca: And if I, oh, I'm not supposed to announce one. You call it obsessive? Let's see. That's saved. Okay, let's give this a go.
asha: Are you going to do it through the automation flow?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I just got to be careful. I'm to swipe it up to. Yep. Okay, so that worked. Yeah.
asha: You got it straight away?
Kyle Musca: Yep. yeah.
asha: Okay, that's good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
asha: So instead of doing, the only reason I'm doing the sticker thing is just to see if I can get more engagement on my stories. But I mean, if we're looking for more people in my automation.
Kyle Musca: your story, because they're swiping up and messaging you. So Instagram.
asha: True. It's just not the tap.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's pretty, because when you swipe up, like if you go on someone's story, if you swipe up the fire emoji, will be there as an already prompted option. So it's similar to a sticker tab, but it just gets them into the DMs.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like if you go, have you tried it?
asha: Have I tried? Yeah. When you, is this when you like, is this what we're talking about? The story responses, how you swipe up and it gets the.
Kyle Musca: There's like, it comes up with six preset emojis. Yeah. One of them. Yeah. So it's like pretty much the same as a sticker. Tap, it allows you to get them into the message DMs thing.
asha: Yep. Just an interesting track. think I'll do that because the other day, I only just  remembered that. I think when I was telling you about how I did like the peach emoji thing and I was like, tap on this sticker, I did send, let's say, like 20 girls a message, but then there was a whole nother bunch that came through and I never even reached out to them. Do you think it's too late to send them a message being like, hey girl, I guess it's never too late. Never too late.
Kyle Musca: Speak to lead will, like if it, you know, it's so, will, speak to lead is critical. So, mean, like that will hinder it, but like, I mean, it's never too late to reach out to someone.
asha: Yeah. I also don't know if I told you, but two weeks ago, , everything's like, seems like the one week to me, honestly. But I think two weeks ago, I had like three girls who had previously messaged me back in like November, December last year and like early this year be like, hey, like, can I sign up? So, yeah. I'm getting a lot more girls showing interest. It's annoying like they're not in the actual automation flow and everything, but yeah, getting more, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, this is the last day. There's five.
asha: So where are you finding that? Am I missing a section?
Kyle Musca: Have I responded to them? No. Yes. No.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Wait.
asha: Yes. Oh, when did she respond to it? Wednesday. I didn't even... Hang on. What are you in? Because I feel like many... I get quite confused when I go into...
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, conversations, right? But this is interesting because what I just did there is if I go tagged qualified leads, not enough come up there.
asha: Something's wrong with that. Yeah. So, I'm just going through the qualified leads at the moment and then I'll also go through my... Like, unassigned chat, and I check through there. But the girls that you just showed me then, I don't even know if I've been seeing them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, because I just did this on Breeze account before. It was done the same thing. So I'm not sure if ManyChat's just  bugging right now, which is pretty cool. But it's not showing up. So what I do there, just to keep it simple, is I just type the trigger word.
asha: Okay. So I'll go through that after this call and just do some, like, groundwork on those girls.
Kyle Musca: Jacobson. Yeah, definitely.
asha: Do you know who that person is? Or are you just commenting on that guy?
Kyle Musca: I saw that this morning. Yeah, just CBA, please.
asha: I was like,  off, Jacob.
Kyle Musca: I don't know.
asha: Okay, cool. I've got the same thing. So 80 results here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would do, y'all.
asha: Oh, no, I have been responding to a couple of them. So when was this? Wednesday. I've just got to go back in and follow those girls up.
Kyle Musca: So she was a student anyway. So that's not too bad. 28, yeah. So this girl's pretty solid, pretty hot.
asha: Who's that? Sarah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Hey, well, three out of four is a much better closer.
asha: How are you feeling on those sales calls? I feel so much better. And I think knowing that I'm still so, I beat myself up every day being like, , you could have been making so much more  money. I you could have been closing so many more girls.
Kyle Musca: I don't know why I had this thought in my head about the whole upfront thing, but. I changed the payment structure sheet to actually reflect that as well, by the way.
asha: Okay, awesome. Is that in the one that I'm using?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, as long as it's the same link, it should be. But I mean, you know, you can. I think it depends. Life's about perspective, right?
asha: Well, look, now I feel way more confident. And I don't know, ever since I called, were you like, no, you can do that. Like, you should be doing that. I was like, I don't know what's changed, but I feel like, yeah, I'm feeling a lot more. I don't even know what the word is, but I feel like it's definitely better. And yeah, three out of four compared to what I was doing, like seven and I'd get two, you know.
Kyle Musca: Were they all on the $100 weekly?
asha: One of them paid six months. Sorry, she signed for six months, but paid $1,500 up front.
Kyle Musca: Nice.
asha: Two, I think three of them were $100 weekly.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So that's absolutely fine. If that gets a cash flow up, gets confidence on the sales calls and everything like that, like, by all means, go for it. Yeah. Then, yeah, so on the downsell option, you'll see I've still added some upfront things. So it's like if they, you know, cover $450 on that front call, then they only need to pay $450 AUD, and they're $131 a week. Is that right? Yeah.
asha: Don't ask me anything about numbers. I'm so dyslexic. It stresses me out. $150.
Kyle Musca: Let me quickly resus this.
asha: Do you like Claude?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Claude's way better.
asha: Yeah. I just, are you, oh, you're probably paying for the one that doesn't give you like the, what am I paying? Obviously not the top tier one, but you know how it's like you have to wait four hours.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it gives you different usage for the different tiered package things that you're on. But Claude just a lot more effort into its responses and it's a lot more accurate and it's way better for creative writing. Chats you produce is  . Um, we'll review a sales call. Do you have a sales call on here?
asha: Do you want me to give, I'll bring up the one I just did.
Kyle Musca: Ideally one that didn't close.
asha: Yeah, I did two this afternoon. And this girl, there's probably going to be a way for you to work around what she said. But yeah, I'll just bring this up. on. Where are you? I'll just send it in WhatsApp. Do you ever get angry at Claude?
Kyle Musca: Sometimes if it doesn't do it right.
asha: Sometimes when I'm using chat, I'm like, oh my  God, why don't you listen?
Kyle Musca: I think it's the only one that affects is the first one, but I just want to make it not confusing.
asha: Sorry.
Kyle Musca: Come back to this, it's  slow, isn't All right, cool. So, yeah, we're definitely getting closes through the door. What I would recommend is, like, if you're getting cash flow through the door, which it definitely looks like we are, and we're having some, you know, good cash-collected weeks now, I would, the next step is probably getting a DM setter in there, like, just part-time to help take a bit of that load. And that way, we can also train them and assess their performance and everything like that in preparation to, like, launch ads if, obviously, we can keep up this trajectory.
asha: Yeah. I want to say how... Many girls I can get in booking calls and actually showing up for the calls without doing the ads. But I'm like, , I feel like we've been doing this for like a while now.
Kyle Musca: The organic is harder. Like the reason I've been focusing more on organic is because it's harder and it just allows us to test the entire system without putting, you know, much overheads on us. Yeah. Because it's like once we launch ads, we can definitely ramp things right up. Well, that's the intention behind it anyway. But we just don't want to, you know, essentially spend money if there's going to be a lot of leaks in it or if it's just not a really refined process.
asha: Where I feel like for me, and I know Ava and I had a chat about this yesterday, it's like once we're bringing in 5K weeks minimum, not an issue to run ads. Because then that covers a lot of the areas I need to cover with like finances. And then financially, it's like there's not going to be an added stress there because it's like, will we be making enough money?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. For you, I'm fairly confident the ads will pull through for us well. Again, you can never guarantee that, but again, I just don't want put the extra pressure on you or anything like that if I'm not confident in the entire process, just being really, really refined.
asha: Yeah. I do feel like my confidence with calls, though, are definitely going up. So I guess that's a huge part of it when it comes to obviously having like ads working and everything.
Kyle Musca: I'm going to come back to that. Yeah. No, absolutely. The thing to remember as well is once we step into ads, it becomes a little bit of a colder audience or a colder audience. it becomes like the skill, again, needs to continue to improve to get those people across the line.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One thing that I reckon we'll run when we run ads as well is we should definitely look at potentially doing a lead magnet. Like, I'm doing one for Bree, for example, and it's just, like, crushing it so hard.
asha: What do you mean by a lead magnet?
Kyle Musca: So a lead magnet is, like, we're just giving people something of value to put their hand up.
asha: yeah.
Kyle Musca: To be, like, I want this, yeah. Yeah, but it needs to be something of actual value. Like, where people go wrong here is they give away, like, maybe a five-day training program or, you know, a nutrition cheat sheet or some  like that. People don't like reading things for once, so they'll probably never open it. And if they don't open and actually use it, then there's no value to them for it. And it's a little bit too practical because, like, you know, if they can go away and actually use something, then they're like, well, I don't need a coach because I've got this now.
asha: So it's like, we want to give them. Yeah, I've got the plan.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, we want to give them the what but not the how. And then we are, you if you want the how on how to implement this for your life, then we can chat about coaching.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we can chat about that when.
asha: The time comes. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If anyone else can throw up.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I was on mute and sorting all my  out. That's so good. So what I'll do is we'll get straight into the nitty-gritty of everything, and then we can chat about all your goals and everything that we didn't really get a chance to talk about in Instagram.
asha: Does that sound good to you? Yeah. That's all good. Did this go sign? No.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I've got a few notes here, but basically what we've gone over is just your age, and we said your main goal there is to feel, I guess, feel confident in the gym. Now, what I want to go over now is what is your current weight and what is your height? So my height is, don't quote me on this, but I think I'm 5'3", 5'4". Mm-hmm. And then my weight is 50 to 51 kilos. Okay. 60. I'm going to see this one. Okay. Okay. Amazing. Now, do you have a specific, I know you said you don't have a specific goal that you're wanting to get down to, but give me a rundown of what it would look like to you to feel confident in your body. So even when they don't want a specific goal. It's just, like, I basically just say, like, I know you didn't have, like, a specific, like, weight goal, but just so I can sort of, like, piece together, like, a little bit of a mental roadmap of how far we actually need to go and what's going to be involved. Like, what weight do you really feel like you would, you know. Feel your best at or something. Yeah, something like that. We just want a specific.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I did take notes. Some of the things that I want to do is obviously just to turn up a little bit because I hate, obviously, I'm still teenagers, but that pudginess about me, I'm like, no. I need to just look up a little bit more tone, make me feel a little bit more confident, and then understanding my eating a little bit better because I think I told you that I'm about a business, so I struggle to eat up, eat enough, but sometimes I like one meal a day, and then that's  What's your business? My business is a skincare business. Oh, girl. Oh, yeah, I don't think you said that. That would be very hard. That's really cool as well. How did you get into that? I got into it. I started building it when I was 16 and still in high school, and then I launched it about 12 months ago. Amazing. That's going well for you? It is. Okay, amazing. Okay, so helping you feel confident, obviously, toning up, getting your nutrition in check, just making you feel like what you... When someone says... Something like that. always like to, like, reinforce that they're a go-getter, you know what I mean?
asha: I think I did say that. I think I've said that, like, throughout this a little bit, being like, you know, she's a busy queen, like, loves to, yeah, I did try to make it a little bit more personalised on, like, what she's doing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, just because, like, we can reinforce that she's someone that puts herself out there and invests in herself and everything like that. And she gets ahead and she does it. It's like, she will want to remain congruent with that by the time it comes to move to the next steps.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But you control your body. Is that what you feel? Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Now, if we were to, if I was to say, okay, is it Orlana? Yes, it is. Yeah. Beautiful name, by the way. Orlana, like, what would you describe to be the perfect, like, 10 out of 10 body for yourself? Give me a rundown of exactly what that was. that, Tim? I really don't have a rough idea, to be honest. I just know that turning up, being more fit, gaining more of a booty. Because I'm a heavy top girl, so my  are naturally a little bit slightly bigger. And with society... Today, obviously, we know it's, you know, it's fun. Anyway, so I want to grow a little bit more bigger muscles down the bottom. Yeah, okay, beautiful. And when it comes to a specific weight, is it also about how you're feeling and looking? We'll get it to number on the scale, would say? Yeah, 100%. Yeah, okay. Now, what would you, if that was the 10 out of 10 body that you were describing for me, what would you currently rate your body at the moment out of 10? I read it about a 5 out of 10. I would say, well, do you want to get your confidence and physique up from a 5 to a 10 out of 10, correct? Yeah, okay, amazing. Now, before we get into everything else, I usually ask this question to the girls they jump on calls with. What made you reach out to me and what resonated with my content that I'm posting for you to be like, oh, I want to work with Asha. Like, give me a rundown of what made you want reach out. To be honest, I think I found you through your stories where you're like, with one of your beautiful   people. Oh my God, I  love that. Don't let stop doing that.
asha: Oh my God. Do you know I've been having so many people being like, can you, like, who I know with that, and they're like, can you say that to me? Can you say that line to me? Don't worry. Can I just fill this up?
Kyle Musca: That overcomplicate things. I just want to say balls out of a straightforward answer. Yeah. Okay, beautiful. Thank you so much. That is such a beautiful, I guess, feedback on myself and my content that I post. So I really appreciate that. Okay, so let's jump into what you've been doing recently to help you with what you're trying to work on. Trying to focus on eating more in general, because as I said, sometimes I only get time to eat one meal a day. And even when I do eat one meal a day, it might just be the shittiest thing ever. Like, it's just something that's quick and easy to go for, and I know I need to stop doing that. So I need to focus on what I'm eating and be mindful of how much I'm eating. I try and walk at least 3K a day, but I live out of town, so I don't have access to gyms or a nice area where it's flat to walk on. So it's kind of hard for me. But I try and keep that up at least four times a week. And then I usually go to the gym about once a week. I used to have a routine, and it's just going out the window since the business has picked up. So I struggle to keep everything in check. Yep. Okay, amazing. Now, what do you feel? So again, just reciting back to what they said. Okay, yeah, so it sounds like you're obviously quite business-orientated, and that's your priority from the sounds of it. you're probably looking for is just like a little bit more stress. to take out sort of that, you know, that guesswork and the effort that you have to put into the guesswork so you know that you can just show up, do exactly what you need to do in order to get the result while still prioritizing your business. Does that sound right? Yeah. Yeah, awesome. With everything that you're doing, what do you feel is missing and, I guess, like the biggest challenge for you at the moment? I'm going to say a stronger mindset and discipline. I know I'm a lazy person. That's a huge piece of ammunition for the end. I struggle with motivating myself to do it and I know that you should rely on motivation, you should rely on discipline, so I know that much. I just need to actually do it and then obviously just my nutrition, I need to be more aware of that. Yeah. Okay, I love that. Okay, so yeah, maybe a coach to help keep you accountable, keep you on track so you don't need to rely on that discipline, that motivation as much and just build those healthy habits so it actually becomes a part of who you are, not something that you just go out of your way to do.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, makes sense. She's an away queen, but she's good and, girl, I feel like everyone is quite lazy at moment. With me, used to be nice to be me as well, so like, me. Being aware enough to be like, okay, let's focus on building some discipline is the first step. Now, what happens to you when you feel you don't have that discipline and structure in your life? Oh, I go crazy. My mental health goes out the window, just doesn't work for me at all. I get really antisocial and I don't want to go out. Just pretty much lose all will to live, to be honest. No, I feel you. You're just like, what's good? So see how you smiled and played that off? She obviously laughed a little bit, but I would act quite serious. She said, okay, okay. So yeah, you feel like when you don't prioritize your health and fitness, your mental health takes a bit of a hit and you start to sort of alienate yourself. You become less sociable and you start sort of, I guess, not going out there and kind of actually just enjoying your life, really.
asha: So playing more on that pain point, she said, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's like we don't want to brush it off as if it was not a big deal. We want to emphasize that it is actually quite a big deal because that's what's going to get out of purpose.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What's my life worth living, basically, without being that deep and dark? Now, what else do you feel you need help with? So, obviously, we spoke about, you learning a struggle mindset, learning a discipline. What else is there? Is it like the structure and the routine of, you know, what to eat, what to do in the gym? You said you don't have access to it. So, I would, I don't know if it's in Tommy's script, but I would keep to the one in my script there and be like, okay, I guess, like, besides a bit of the, I guess, the accountability and stuff and the structure, let's say you and I had to really sit down there and map it out step by step in terms of, the amount of time you actually have available, I guess, the level of support you'd want from me or even just, like, the resources, like, you'd sort of want from me. I guess, what do you really feel like you would need in order to be successful?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The gym is, like, at-home workouts. Is that something people are willing to do as well? give me, yeah, what's it that you've got you really get to help with? So, definitely routine because running a business, there's no consistency to it. There's just up and down, up and down. So, I'm... kind of fitting in where I can fit in to walk and gym. So a routine would be fabulous. And then obviously with food, I want like actually to know what I'm supposed to be eating and how much to eat. Like I want to understand food as a whole better. And I do have some weights at home. So I think I've like up to 50 kilos of weights at home. So home workouts would definitely be better because I don't have access to a gym. Yeah. Okay. And that's something I offer. So that's not going to be an issue anyway. Now, maybe just to help me understand why I get to your book. So one thing I really want you to get into a habit of is just reciting back to what they say.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because that will make them feel really heard. Yeah. People, if someone doesn't feel heard, then they won't want to move forward with you.
asha: Yeah. I feel like I did it a lot more with the next girl, the one that I actually closed. And I don't know, maybe that's the difference, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It seems small, but it will make a massive, massive difference. Because if someone doesn't feel heard, they won't want to open up to you. They won't be honest with you. Like. I was literally listening to this yesterday. A really good book you should actually read if you want to dial in the sales skill is Never Split the Difference. Is that an audio book? Yeah, yeah. His name is Chris Voss. He was an international terrorist hostage negotiator. He talks about all the tactics and stuff.
asha: Did you say terrorist hostage?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he was an FBI international terrorist hostage negotiator. So he talks about all the tactics he can use in hostage negotiations to work towards a solution.
asha: Never Split the Difference, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's a really good book to listen to.
asha: It's quite an interesting book because he talks about stories from Oh, I had that two-way list. I mean, like, I'll start listening to that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's a really good book. Like, to get outside help instead of, I guess, doing what you have been doing. Like, why is it that you're trying to contact me and be like, okay, I need help instead of doing what you've been doing recently? I think I need a change because... I've tried so many other things, and to be honest, it's not my last resort, but I think that having someone else to help me will help me to move forward with progress instead of just relying on myself to be like, yep, you need eat this, and thinking that that's the right way and the only way to do it. Yep. Yep. Okay, cool. So just that external guidance, and I guess validation on everything that, let's just say, was like, you were able to potentially work together. You had the set structure. Non-commitment terminology, which was good. There to be like, okay, I know that if I do this, it's going to get me the results, and to have that accountability there. I said non-commitment terminology is good. So you said potentially we work together. That's good.
asha: Yeah, I'm trying to say that more often, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you agree on that? Definitely. Yeah, okay. Now, I guess, what is the main reason? Well, not the reason. What's shifted recently for you, for you to want to reach out? Sorry, I'm looking in the mirror and being happy with what I'm looking at.
asha: Even for that, again, I don't know if it's in Tommy's script or not, I would use the word. I I need to like switch what I've written with Tommy's and yours, because when you bring up some of your script, I'm like, that kind of flows so much better with what I'd say anyway. Okay. But yeah, this is Tommy's.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So for that, I like the exact wording, why now?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The same thing. It's like, what's shifted recently is the same as saying, why now? But why now is more direct. It's more front and set to the answer. You know what mean?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it's like, what's shifted recently is just saying that something has changed recently for them to think that, you know, they want to get a coach. Whereas it's like, why now is like, they say why they need to take action right now.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And even when I'm looking in the mirror, I just want to feel happier in general. Like, I know that my lifestyle needs to be more active. I used to be really active when I was younger, but obviously with the business and things picking up, it's just I've kind lost myself. So I need to actually hold myself accountable and get back on track. Yep. Okay. What did you do previously? You said you used to be more active. See, and this is why once you get into the habit of reciting something, because she's just said she's lost herself, which is a very deep emotion. I would say there's probably a lot underlying that. Yeah. But if you just kind of move on to the next. Next thing, she's not going to feel heard and validated.
asha: Yeah, so far.
Kyle Musca: So I used to be in the gym every day. would be six days a week. And I used to do marathons. afford that, like? And even when I'm looking. What's shifted recently for you, for you to want to reach out? So overlooking in mirror and being happy with what I'm looking at. So it's pain.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This girl does sound like she's experienced quite a bit of pain. And even when I'm looking in the mirror, I just want to feel happier in general. Like, I know that my lifestyle needs to be more active. I used to be really active when I was younger. But obviously, with the business and things picking up, it's just I've kind of lost myself. So I need to actually hold myself accountable and get back on track. So even there, you might be like, when you say you've, like, lost yourself, like, what do you mean specifically by that?
asha: Yeah. And I think for me, I've told you this before. It's like I'm trying to be like, okay, I've got to make sure I know what I'm going to say next instead of trying to read off the screen. But then read. I don't pay attention.
Kyle Musca: I would, yeah, the better that you can get into the habit of having this up.
asha: I have it up. So I have like the, the call above and then I'll have the script right underneath it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I don't even do that. just have this whole thing. Again, it's completely up to you, but the better you can get the habit of intently listening to them.
asha: And again, this comes out in red.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cause like realistically, all I need to do is I need to just read that. And then I know what the rest of the thing is now.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, all I need to do is like, listen intently. Okay. Recite back to what they said. Okay. Okay. That makes sense. And when you say that makes sense, that's when you can read it. You know what mean?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. That makes sense. Or I guess, I guess besides the obvious, you know what mean? And you just move into it. So you don't have to think about what's next.
asha: Cause you kind of know. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep. So. Okay. What did you do previously? You said you used to be quite active. So I used to be in the gym every day. would be six days a week. you. Thank Thank And I used to do marathons, so in school I used to love the cross country, so I used to do that and would make it a regular thing at school where I'd be doing the three to six Ks or more. Okay, so now I guess we're trying to focus on more the strength side of things and the overall mental and physical side? Yeah. Yeah, amazing. Now I guess besides the obvious of you wanting to get healthier, focusing on your routine, okay, so now I guess we're trying to focus on more the strength side of things and the overall mental and physical side? Yeah. Yeah. amazing. Now I guess besides the obvious of, you know, you wanting to get healthier, focusing on your routine, building that. Yeah, the other thing, it's not too bad here, but the other thing I'd really sort of recommend you to start emphasizing and focusing on is body language and facial expression.
asha: So the stronger you lean- like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Well, see how you say, I wish I could like zoom in on this. Can I zoom in? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank Okay. So now I guess we're trying to focus on more the strength side of things and the overall like mental and physical side. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. Now, I guess besides the obvious of, you know, you wanting to get healthier, focusing on your routine, building that discipline on. It's not too bad, but like not heaps of facial expression in there. So this is super, super important in terms of tonality and stuff, because how you say the tonality and how your body language comes across is going to be how their brain perceives the question and therefore how they give a response based off that. So the further you can lean into your own emotion, the further you'll dig into their emotion. All right. So it's like, and what I would start to encourage you to do here as well is, because you've got kind of like a soft, lighter voice, right?
asha: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: And obviously you don't want to. You know, change your voice to the point where it's just not yours. But again, try and come from a deeper, sort of more authoritative space, if that makes sense. So if you listen to him. Now, I guess besides the obvious of, you know, you wanting to get healthier, focusing on your routine. So it's like, okay. And I guess, you know, besides the obvious of just trying to get, you know, healthier and trying to get like a little bit fitter, I guess, what are the main reasons, you know, behind you really wanting to lose this way? You know what mean? Just because like, Ian, when I say deep voice, I'm not saying like try and go manly or anything.
asha: Or even just like, would you say slower? Or like, I don't know, I'll play around with it.
Kyle Musca: Now, I guess besides the obvious of. So there I probably would. And emphasize obvious like this. So pick out the words you want. Emphasize. So it's like, okay, okay. And I guess, you know, besides the obvious, you know, besides the obvious of just trying to get, you a bit healthier, a little bit fitter, I guess, what are the, you know, actual main reasons behind you really wanting to lose this weight? Let's see, I haven't actually listened to this, so I'll listen to how you asked the question. You know, you wanted to get healthier, focusing on your routine, building that discipline up. What are, I guess, the main reasons behind you wanting to make this change? Yeah, good. So you asked the question in the right way.
asha: Okay, good.
Kyle Musca: But even see how you did the hand motion, even that helped. Yeah, that's a hard question. And she thought about it a lot deeper because of that.
asha: Yeah, put me on that question.
Kyle Musca: I like to go deep here and be like, let's really get you thinking. I'm like, . Could you repeat the question again, please? So I want to know what are the main reasons behind you trying to focus on getting healthier, implementing that structure, implementing that discipline? Like, what's made you be like, okay, I don't... So if they say repeat the question, I would repeat word for word. But yeah, so I guess my question was like, you know, besides the obvious of just trying to get healthier and trying to get fitter, I guess, what are the reasons really, you know, behind you wanting to make this change?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I can't remember what it actually says word for word in the script again, something like that. I would just say word for word again, because if you start going off on different tangents, it will confuse them a little bit further and then won't get the question we want.
asha: yeah, I don't want to do this anymore.
Kyle Musca: I want a different life. I want, you know... I want to achieve different things. I guess I'm sick of not feeling like me. I used to... I'm sick of pain. It's important to hear these words because they will tell us what their motivating factors are. I'm sick of is pain. I want to is dream.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I want to is a dream outcome, is a desire.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I love being active and used to doing all the nitty-gritty things, but now I've just gotten lazy and I just don't feel like it's me anymore. And I want to get back to my old self because I used to love it. I know how good it is when you're moving around. It's just great. But now I just can't seem to push myself to move again. Yeah. Okay. And do you feel that with the way you're feeling at the moment, is it having an impact on you, like the way that you show up? Like you said before, you try to look at me in the mirror. You're not obviously feeling confident. What kind of impact does that have on you at the moment? It's a very big mental impact, to be honest. My confidence when talking to people, obviously. My job, I go to markets and do wholesale. So I need to be speaking to people daily. That goes down a lot because I just don't like the way that it looks. So I don't feel confident when I speak to my customers. And I feel like the way that I feel about myself is affecting the way that I put my effort into my customers and my job at home. Really great thing if they bring this up. Okay. So you feel like, you know, going through this transformation, going through this change will increase your confidence and you feel like that would directly improve how you show up for your business as well.
asha: I think I said something like this, actually, I hope.
Kyle Musca: Okay. From memory. I feel like that would have a massive impact on you mentally when it's like you're going to job, to job. What the hell? See how you, you might not, but see how it's forming a statement, change it to a question. So you said, I feel like, so you feel like.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Going to do your job, like, you know, in of all these people, people that you've never met and you want to feel really good within yourself, but it's constantly like that thought at the back Is that something like, yeah. And is this, do you think. I wouldn't say more so like your weight, because I know you said your weight isn't something that's really like holding you back, but the way that you're feeling, is that something that daily you're finding yourself thinking about? Yeah. It's like, if I can, when I wake up, you know, I'll be looking in the mirror, because you'll brushing hair and all the rest of it, and that'll just pop up in my mind, and then I've to try and push through getting it out of my mind so that I can put it aside for work. But it's just eating up my mind, and I just can't piss it off. Yeah. So again, that's pretty big. So it's like, oh, okay. So it's actually, it sounds like it's pretty serious.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What exactly goes through your mind when you're getting ready, and when you said that you can't piss those efforts off? I wish I wasn't so lazy. I wish I didn't look the way that I looked. I wish I was more toned and healthy, and I wish I knew what to reach for in the fridge when I was hungry, or when I needed a snack, or to remember to eat in general. These are all very important things. I know how much we've been talking about hours, like I've been there myself as well. Now, how long has this been going on for you, when you've been having these constant thoughts? I'd say this has been going on for nearly two years now. Two years, yeah. And it's been something you've been trying to push to the side, could you say, or just being too busy and not having that routine? So when the thoughts started coming up and I started doing it, it was two years ago. And so the first one, a good question there. Okay. Wow. It's two years. It's a while. And I guess like, do you feel like, you know, the feelings been the same over the last two years or do you feel like it's kind of progressively gotten worse? You know what mean? Because that plants the seed of like, if you let it keep going, it's just going to keep getting worse.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: First year was when I was still kind of active, but I was kind of falling off the scales because I was in year 11, 12. And so that took an impact and then the business started taking off. And so then it just, my priorities for myself dropped off and the priorities for everything else for me became bigger than myself. Yeah. Okay. So she's just a business gal basically. And you're just like, I need someone to plan everything for me. Would you agree? Yeah. I'm sick of planning everything for everyone else, but now I need someone to like get me and Jack. Yeah. No, I love that. So let's just say, Alana, that you and I were to. Yeah. So we're going to the pitch part. Bestie brings the price down. we were to do six months together, that's. Excellent. Excellent. Okay, perfect. So I guess the next thing that we would chat it up would be which program I think would be best for you. Now, for someone like yourself, you're a busy girl. I feel like, you know, you're trying to find that time to really focus on you. Now I have a premium program there that I think might be a little bit too much like hands-on work. So with this premium program, it's also gold. So you don't say that until after you drop the price.
asha: Right, so you go price first.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because the whole idea of the anchor is we want that shock factor out of them. Like we want them to jaw drop. We want them to be like, holy . Because if we tell them that we don't think it's worth it, it's like, one, why are we even bringing it up? Two, when they hear the price, they'll be like, oh, that's fine because she's got another option for me.
asha: That's so true. Yeah. Okay. So that's probably where I do this. on most calls, which is bad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like we both basically want to like  right hook them in the face with a big, big  off price. So you want to see it on their face that they're like, .
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Girls who have never done anything before, all they're wanting to do like bodybuilding comp, and they need a lot of extra support, a lot of my time. Now, this one here, if we were to work for six months together on the premium program, we'd be looking at around $6,000. Now, I don't think that's what you need. $10,000, get that bad boy up.
asha: Oh, you want me to go 10? Why have I got six?
Kyle Musca: I think maybe that's what Ava wrote. That might be maybe the actual one. I don't know if you're trying to sell that one or not. That's the anchor one.
asha: No, that's my, yeah, that's the anchor. I think we wrote six, but okay, we'll go 10. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You want this to be right. And that's kind of too high up there for what we've spoken about for you. So the next one that I... So the way you structure this is price, it's $10,000. And then scarcity, for that one, I've got one spot left. So let the price sink in. Yeah. And so... Yeah. And then take it away from them.
asha: You feel like it's just not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but to be honest, like, you know, yeah, but to be honest, like, with everything we've spoken about today, I feel like that's just going to be a little bit overkill for you.
asha: So we'll just move on from that one. Yeah. Can I be a massive pain, Kyle? I've drunk so much water. Can I let you listen to this while I quickly go pee? I'm like fasting right now. I'm so sorry, everyone.
Kyle Musca: All right. Would be my fitness best program. So this one has two check-ins per week when we sit down like this and we have a chat, go over anything that you want, time schedule, social events, whatever it may be. And you also have a written check-in. So the fitness bestie brings the price down. If we were to do six months together, that's $3,500 instead of that initial price that I just spoke about. Yeah. Now, how does that sound for you? Sounds good. I know that you said on your email that you sent me with the video to have discussions with people you need to about finance before. But with that, because I work for myself, my family helps me as well. So I get paid through the business, et cetera. But that also involves my father's opinion and his truck driver, so I can't talk to him every day. So I won't be able to actually sit down and talk with him until the weekend. So, and I know you said that if we do look for each other, you'd like to continue through your time on the call, but know you to make that decision and you need to know about the finance, so I can't unfortunately say what I can do with it now, but it's okay if get back to you on the weekend about that. It is. What would be the biggest thing holding you back right now, though? Definitely with the finance as an area, because I, so I have lived out of a poor old property, but I have a different house on the same house as my parents, so I pay bills there, and obviously running the business, when you're a business owner, you pay everything else, and then you pay yourself once you've done everything else. And because of fuel prices right now for us, we travel from the rural area to properties, which is usually two, three hours away, so with fuel that's eating into my paycheck, so I really understand that, Now, is it the $3,500 that you're like, well, that's a lot? Is that something that's kind of like weighing in your mind right now? Obviously, for a 19-year-old, I think it is, but it's also the fact that I know that you are worth that, and your effort, and the work you put in for your clients is obviously worth that number, so that's fine to mention anything. Yeah? No, that's fine. If it would make it a little less like, I guess, I don't want you to feel like there's a little pressure to jump on something that is that six-month commitment, what we could do is, I could always look at setting up on the three-month option, and that one would bring it down to $2,000. Okay. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Now, when it comes to... So you have to, your dad does something with your finances, is that what you were talking about? Yeah, so when I started the business, it wasn't really going off and all the rest of it, and then all a sudden it started going off, so I needed assistance from my family. So now they're involved in it as well, so mum does finance behind it, and so I get paycheck out of that once everything else is paid off. So with fueling all the rest of it and dad not being able to home, it's really hard to communicate all the best, you lose the price. with that, because I work for myself, my family. Now, how does that sound for you? Sounds good. I know that you said on your email that you sent me the video to have discussions with people you need to do about finance before, but with that, because I work for myself, my family helps me. On your email that you sent me $3,500 instead of that initial price that I just spoke about. Now, how does that sound for you? One-time schedule, social events, whatever it may be, and you also have a written check-in, so the fitness bestie brings the price down. If we were to do six months together, that's $3,500 instead of that initial price that I just spoke about. So with that, whenever we're trying to pitch, two things there. With that, whenever we're trying to pitch the one that we're actually trying to sell, we never say $1,000. We say $3,500 casually.
asha: , I thought I was saying $3,500. I thought the $500 was good. I forgot about the $3,500. I'm just so bad with numbers, Kyle. It's actually...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just always think, what's the lowest, like, figure I can bring it to? $3,500. Usually, if you're...
asha: $3,500, yes.
Kyle Musca: If you're trying to pitch something you actually want to sell, $1,000 shouldn't be the word. If you're saying $1,000, it's a problem. The other thing is, you didn't necessarily mess it up here, but pricing to them in contrast together. So, instead of $6,000, it should be $10,000. So, instead of $10,000, that'd bring it right down to $3,500. So, you say, emphasize the $10,000 and then casually say the $3,500. So, instead of $10,000, that would bring it right down to $3,500. And that covers the entire six months and no additional fees or charges or anything like that. Then, after you say the price of the one that you actually want to pitch, which is going to be this one pretty much most of time, then you want to add the guarantee. Now, obviously, I stand behind everything I say. So, if you were to sign up to any of these packages, follow the game plan and not achieve a result, you absolutely... Not only will I give you a full refund, I'll also swing you $500 cashier or wages for wasting the time.
asha: Yeah. And that's one thing that I haven't said that in weeks. Like, that's something that I just keep forgetting.
Kyle Musca: The guarantee is really, really, really important because it takes away doubt of whether or not the program is going to work.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then A, B option. So with all that being said, like, which one of those options sort of jumped out to the most?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then she goes with this. Yeah. Now, how does that sound for you? Sounds good. I know that you said on your email that you sent me in the video to have discussions with people you need to do about finance before, but with that, because I work for myself, my family comes to as well, so I get paid through the business, et cetera, but that was what involves my father's opinion and he's truck driverless, so I can't talk to him every day. Yeah. So I won't be able to actually sit down and talk with him until the weekend. So I know you said that if we do pick for each other, you'd like to continue through on call, but I know that to make that decision, I need to know about finance, so I can't unfortunately say what I feel like now, but is it okay if get back to you on the weekend about that? It is. So here, because you go into the, you didn't do it in a bad way, but with this, especially around price, we always want to instantly reframe. What that means is we want to get the focus away from the price and onto the value of the program.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, yeah, no, I completely understand that. And I guess price aside, would you do it?
asha: Yes.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And I guess just so I'm on the same page with you, one to 10. Yeah. 10 being perfect, one being I'm dickhead. Yeah. Where are sitting? It's an eight. Cool. Why isn't it lower? They'll tell you. Super important. All right. What do we need to do? Do it 10? Sure. Yeah. That's part of, you know, there's so much that goes into it, but that is, that's part of, or we can throw that in, whatever, whatever they say. All right.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what did she say? It's too, I have to run it by my dad and everything like that. So we'll hear what you say next. Definitely with finance as an area, because I, so I had lived out on a property, but I had a different house on the same house as my parents. I was those days. obviously. On this as well, whenever they mention their own business and stuff, like, yeah, obviously I'm not an accountant or anything like that, or a financial planner as in financial advice, but I know a lot of other girls that, you know, do own their own business on the team, they can actually reach out and claim this on tax.
asha: Right. Okay, that'd be a really good thing to say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right. So with the fuel, it's eating into my paycheck. So I literally understand that. Yeah. Now, is it the 3,500 that you're like, well, that's a lot? Is that something that's kind of like weighing in your mind right now? Obviously, for a 19-year-old, I think it is, but it's also the fact that I know that you are worth that and your effort and the work you put in for your clients is obviously worth that number, so that's fine. No, that's fine. If it would make it a little less like, I guess, I don't think you feel like there's a little pressure to jump on something that is that six-month commitment, what we could do is I could always look at setting up on the three-month option, and that one would bring it down to 2,000. Okay. So see how you've... You've... You've... Dropped price, but you have an objection handled.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you're not going to be able to get past this because nothing's actually changed.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like you've just dropped price, but she's just going to turn around and be like, I still have to ask my dad.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because you didn't solve I think I did it again because I didn't know how to handle that objection because I was like, oh, I haven't had this one before. So it's the same as any spousal objection. Probably even easier. It's like, well, is it your business? Is it your money? You know what mean?
asha: Yeah, that's very true.
Kyle Musca: We'll get to it. And then obviously I have other options where we can pay a certain amount up front and then just go into a weekly reoccurring fee. So at the same time, you dropped down to a three-month and you also offered a repayment plan. You've just closed your objection cycling right down to nothing. You laid all your cards out on the table.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So again, you should never drop package and you should never drop price. Sorry, in terms of payment. Definitely never together and definitely never without an objection handle in between.
asha: Yeah. And I think, I don't think you and I have gone this far into my videos lately where this is something that I do because I'm just like, oh, get the sale kind of thing when I don't know how to handle the objection.
Kyle Musca: This is where Never Split the Difference works really, really well because he talks about working towards a solution. And it's like, you go from, I think it's 68% to 85% to 95%. And then you can offer in a bonus if you want to, or free value, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Your current budget? Yeah, think so. I am like a weekly plan. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Now, when it comes to, you say you have to, the dad does something with your finances. Is that what you were talking about? Yeah. So when I started the business, it wasn't really going off and all the rest of it. And then all of sudden it started going off. So I needed assistance from my family. So now they're involved in it as well. So mom does the finance behind it. And the dad will be at home, it's really hard to communicate all that in like a couple of hours. So. So for her, to overcome this, we need a fear-versed logistics objection.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's okay. I'm also talking about what would feel, I guess, easier for you financially to be like, I could commit to that. Or is it something that you can next to something about? It's definitely something that I expect to know about, but just feel confident if we can do it weekly. So there is like, okay, yeah, no, I completely understand. And that definitely makes sense. I guess just so I'm on the same page with you, is it a matter of like, you do actually have the physical funds of $3,500,000 or the physical funds of the $3,500,000 available to you, and you just need to make sure it works with all the other bills and everything like that?
asha: Or is it like you just don't physically have those funds and it's about potentially like where you could find them? Yeah. And is that where you then come in with?
Kyle Musca: Well, that's the other thing as well. You should never drop package and you should never drop price into repayment plans until establishing this. Because again, you've already laid all your cards out. In of weekly repayments and three-month options, because if they agree to that on the $3,500 or the $3,500, then it's like when you do make the adjustment, like they say to have the physical funds, that's when you do make the adjustment, you've got them in a corner because they've just admitted to you that they have the money and you've given them enough leeway to give them breathing room to be able to invest in this without putting them out with everything else. And then it comes down to it. And then if she's not going to move forward, we know it's fear-based.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I have a plan. Yeah. The fact that I have a plan to be able to do that. Yeah. And if I was to do something, so what I could do here, instead of you having like a $2,000 commitment up front, we could do $800 up front, just like a lock-in, and then it would... I wouldn't say up front. I would just say we can cover $800 now.
asha: Okay.
Kyle Musca: It would be $150 a week. $800 up front, just like a lock-in, and then it would be... I would also remove lock-in from your vocabio. Yeah. $150 a week for two months. I would say... $600 a month, $150 a week sounds way too high.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then again, remember, what we could do is we could cover $800 now. Again, you also need to mention the billing company, right?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? I could bring on a billing company. Would that make it a little bit more reasonable? Get the yes out of them. Yes.
asha: So is that where I say I could bring on a billing company and then go into $800 now and then $600 a month?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like what we could do on that is I work with a billing company. It kind of works like Afterpay. Yeah. It makes it way easier on cash flow for you. Would that be like a little bit more reasonable for you to look at? Yeah. Okay, cool. They've got their own payment structures. Let me bring it up. Cool. So just, yeah, just having a look here. Yeah. So what we could do is, and I wouldn't do the, because you drop down to the bottom if it's a $600 repayment. We want to reduce the repayments as much as possible. So, yeah, cool. Look, what we could do is instead of covering $2,000 all at once, which, you know, is a fair bit, what we could do is we could bring that right down to this $1,200, right? right. And we wouldn't officially start till next week. So the first repayment wouldn't be for a month after that. So like five weeks away, ages away. And what that would be is it bring it right down to $400 a month. So it's way easier on cash flow. Does that sound like it would be a little bit more reasonable for you? See how that sounds way  better than $800 up front and then $150 a week.
asha: Will you just go and say the $400 a month?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because what we're trying to do with the repayment plan is we're trying to get them to focus on how affordable the repayments are. That's why I had the gap between the $1,200. We wouldn't officially start. So $1,200, we wouldn't officially start till Monday. So the repayments wouldn't be for another month, so ages away. And then it would just be $400 a month from that. So I'm trying to create as much of a gap between the heavy $1,200 price and get them to focus on how affordable that $400 a month is.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So I'm trying to give a little bit of space so they're kind of like not focused on that.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is that something that you could work? I'm thinking that would work, but yeah, yeah. Because this one here, I said, the fitness-based package that has two check-ins per week, that allows us to really stay on top of everything that we're talking about that you feel you need help with, and you've also got the one-written check-in as well. Yeah. But see how you're not going to be, even as she said that could work, you're not going to be able to break past it because you haven't solved the actual objection of her not needing to ask her dad to do something.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm just thinking, I do have...
asha: And then I went down again.
Kyle Musca: I don't know.
asha: And then I think I went down again to, like, just the weekly fee.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, again, see, it's the same problem here. Again, because she's going to continue to ask her... ...for us to jump into first. If you feel like it's the finance side of things that are like... You also need to justify why you haven't brought this package up before. Otherwise, they're going to be like, well, why didn't you offer me that first? So, I like, look, I shouldn't be doing this, but, you know, I do understand, you know, you're 19, you seem really committed to make a change. Um, you seem very independent. You've got your own business and everything. And I think you'd be a fantastic part of the team. Um, so I shouldn't do this, but I think, look,  it. I'm going to do it. Um, I think I have someone finishing mid next week, so I could just slow you in to take that. Um, yada, yada, yada.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, kind of pushing you to be like, I'm not sure I've put you before. Yeah. Sorry. And, and you would bring that up after she says, I still need to ask my dad because then it's the scarcity of, okay, that's no stress, but you have to do it now to, to take that up.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: this one is, is instead of two check-ins, it's just one check-in per week and one written check-in. Yeah. Now it brings your initial fee down to $1,500. I'd remove fee from the vocabulary. Yeah. Or break it down again. So it would be $700 up front. That would be the lowest set to go. Deposit or something, I'd say. And then it would be $400 a month, so $100 a week there. Wouldn't. If you say $400 a month, don't say $100 a week.
asha: Did I say that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you said it would be $400 a month, so $100 a week.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So the larger prices always seem better over larger time periods. again, $2,000 sounds a lot. $2,000 over three months sounds a lot better than $166 a week. $600 a month sounds a lot better than $150 a week.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's better as well. Yeah. I think maybe that would be good. And then if you do need a little bit of extra support from myself, it's always a good move if you are as we go on. Yeah. So what are your thoughts with that one there? So $700 up front and $100 a week? Yeah, so I'm thinking that'll definitely be the option to go. Yeah. But I don't want to say $100 a second to do it and then talk to my dad on the weekend and be like, because, yeah, the issue here is there's no scarcity and urgency for her to still take action now.
asha: Yeah, I think I'd bring this up now.
Kyle Musca: Mm-hmm. Well, yeah, I probably should have gone on that. Oh, I'm happy with that. Is this something you guys have previously spoken about before? Yes, we have spoken about it. He knows that I was doing a call with you today. But obviously, as I said, it was just about out of jump because every weekend we're doing travelling with fuel. So that's changed pretty much our entire paycheck for me over. So that's obviously something I need to talk to you about, but I'm happy to be updated tomorrow and Saturday, if that makes you feel confident as well. So when would you get a chance? Definitely Saturday. He works during the week and he does my shifts and day shifts. So if he's home, he's home for five minutes and then he's in bed ready for his next shift or he'll wake up for five minutes and then he's already off to work. Yep. Okay. So I do only have two spots left for this. This is one that, you know, when girls jump. So with the downsell, there's no spots left.
asha: Okay.
Kyle Musca: There's no spots left, to be honest. And to be honest with you, like, it's very rare that there is a spot open because what happens is I'll jump on a call like this. Um, you know, we'll get a situation like this where someone's keen to move forward and the only thing in stopping him is kind of like finances. Um, I'll have someone finishing within a week or so, and that will just secure that spot to take over. So, um, I actually haven't had a spot open for the, the, the fitness bestie for, I think it's been like almost two months now where it's been officially a spot open for it.
asha: Hmm. I did use that exact one. And I like  around on my computer for a couple of minutes and like checked the system to see when the next spot was open.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you gotta, you gotta say there's no spots left because it's like, um, So I'm all for you, you know, having a chat with your dad and everything like that, but just full transparency, I can pretty much guarantee that, you know, that option's not going to be available anymore.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I have those spots there, but it is something that do, a the girls can feel, you know, if, especially, like I said, she was a little bit too much, I didn't jump onto that one. I do have three more pools today, so as much as I'm to be yeah, I'm going save this spot for you, if there needs to be something that is probably, like, actually moving around, like, I suppose today, Thursday, probably Saturday morning, I can maybe hold that for you, but I can't promise anything. So that's why, with that upfront fee, it's to lock in your squad. So, yeah. So upfront fee sounds scary.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What I can do, I'm going to send you the link for this specific, for the content paying program, and then I want you to talk to him as soon as you can, and then once you fix that up, that's what we can securely put in there, and I can usually do onboard this today, so that means next Thursday will when we get all set up, get you involved with everything. Yeah. Does that sound good? Yeah. Okay, cool. And I think you sent me your mobile number to you yesterday. Yeah. Okay, I'm going to shoot you over that link, and then if you have any other questions, you can let me know, but we'll just go from there, and hopefully your dad's like, yeah, let's do it, you sound good in this for you, and then, yeah, we'll going. Cool, sounds good. That one, it just comes down to, again, you always have to remember to isolate, identify and isolate the real objection, right? Because if you don't overcome the objection, then you won't be able to move past, even if you solve, like, theoretically, you technically solve the financial objection, but you can't get her to move past the dad objection. You know what I mean? So it's like, literally, perfect would have worked there, is exactly what's in that sales script.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah, because it's like, I guess, like, what happens if you go ask your dad, and he says, like, no, you're not doing it, or I just have to figure it out? Because she was quite vague on that call, so she probably would have said something like that. Yeah. But, like, I guess, how are you going to figure it out? Like, what are you actually going to do? I don't know. No, it's actually, like, it's really important. Because, like, what happens is, and I speak to girls all the time, and, you know, a situation will come up, I guess, like this, and it's very vague. Can you hear how it's vague? And the problem with vagueness is vagueness kills success. If you don't have a plan to actually achieve your goals, it's virtually impossible to actually get there. So, I guess, I want you to jump off this call, whether you move forward with me or not, understanding what your next steps are going to be. So, if he goes, if you go and ask him and he says no, I guess, what are you actually going to do in that situation? Yada, yada, yada, Okay.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And I guess, like, okay, and I guess, like, you know, you need to have better than I do. Do you feel like he's quite supportive of you? Okay. Do you feel like he knows to the extent of how you've been feeling when you do look in the mirror and, you know, when you wake up first in the morning, do you think he, or do you feel like he knows that it's the first thing that's on your mind and it's the last thing that's on your mind when you go to bed? Oh, no. Okay. So we got, you know, I don't want to sort of overstep her or anything like that. Then do you feel like, you know, it's reasonable for you to go put the direction of your life in his hands if you don't, if he doesn't actually know the struggles and the pains you're feeling every single day because of it?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, like you just need to like, you might save that for a little bit later in the objection cycle. You could definitely go through the 1 to 10. could definitely go through the fear-based versus logistics base. I would keep that one very much top of mind. I would always keep the reframe and the fear-based versus logistic base very top of mind. If you're going to, like, literally for you, what I would come do is I would come into this objection cheat sheet and I would just make sure you understand. Part one, all the way through to, yeah, part four.
asha: Let me just make sure, I know I've got that. I'm to do 17th one. Oh yeah, objection. No, I've got it here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so all the way down to part five, essentially.
asha: I think it might be a bit, can you scroll up to the top? I don't know if this is a...
Kyle Musca: So you could have literally read this word for word. Yeah, it's no stress at all. And I guess like, how long do you feel like you need to have a chat with your dad? Oh, probably on the weekend. Okay. Are sure that's enough time? Like, you don't want like a week or anything like that? No, that's all good.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm sure when you chat to your dad, you'll probably have some questions for me afterwards. Like, just so I can prepare, what specifically did you want to run over with him? Oh, just make sure I can make it work financially. don't know. Okay, so just... You're clear. It sounds like, you know, you just want to check with your dad to make sure it makes sense financially. And is that the only thing that's stopping you from getting started today? Yes.
asha: So here we are isolating the objection. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Isolating the objection is really, really, really important because if you don't isolate the objection, there's nothing stopping them from, like, once you solve the objection, pulling up something else.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
asha: Yeah. Are you able to send me this one just because the one I've got is written differently and that one's a lie?
Kyle Musca: It's easier to read for me. Yeah. Thank you. Scale of one to 10, introducing the billing company, right? So again, we've gone through objection handle before introducing billing company. With that as well, I wouldn't even necessarily drop them down in terms of... Program length, because the longer the program is, the better repayment options sound.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like you could cover $1,500 and $400 a month, whereas the $2,000 one is only $1,200 and $400 a month. You know what mean?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Same, same. You could cover $1,000 on both, and then it's $500 a month from that point. Billing company, fee-based versus logistics-based, that would have been really, really important for her. All right. Yeah. Diffusing pressure, analogy, you can use the island, can use whatever. Identity shift is really, really important. You know, when you think of yourself six months from now, your business is thriving. You're a 19-year-old baddie who's got a successful business. And not only are you financially wealthy, but you're wealthy.-old baddie. You're You're Internally. You feel good. You look good. Instead of waking up and looking in the mirror, you know, and being sick of, you know, feeling lazy and just not liking a girl staring back at you, you're the one that's waking up and you're, I forgot what she said about the, what's up, you   or whatever.
asha: Oh, my beautiful,   humans.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you're looking in the mirror and you're saying that to yourself because you're just feeling so confident who you are, right? Matt, when you think of that girl, the girl that you want to become, I guess, what decision do you feel like she would make in this, like this point? Do you feel like she would go kind of ask her dad for permission to do something when it's, you know, it's her own business? Or do you feel like she would just sort of take the bull by the horns, commit to the change, like you committed to starting a business at 16? Because I'm sure that probably would have felt pretty scary too.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yada, yada, yada, yada.
asha: Yeah. I'll go dive deeper into these objections. Tomorrow and listen to, I put it in my favourites to listen to, though, is it? Don't cut.
Kyle Musca: Never split the difference.
asha: Never split the difference. Yeah, because I feel like the objections is something where I'm just like scarcity mindset for myself. I'm like, oh, don't want to lose this person. And I don't even try to dive into like, yeah, I guess finding like the solution behind what they're saying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just all about keeping calm and collected.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because if you, if you sense, if they sense panic, like panicky from you, that senses of desperation, desperation doesn't close deals.
asha: No.
Kyle Musca: Which, again, when you're in the moment, you can feel very flustered and everything like that. So it's just that deep breath, taking it slow, thinking about it, just like in every other part of the script.
asha: I mean, you just don't want to be rushed. Yeah. And other than like, I want to know from you, do you think I am making good progress? Because I feel like I'm like, how am I? I don't know. I just feel like it is a slow burner. And I know that I can definitely be a slow burner at picking up things and like understanding things. Like my learning process is going to be quite slow. But do you think I am making good progress with everything that we're going through?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. I definitely think from that call we watched today, like tonality and everything definitely improved quite a lot. I think the biggest things you're missing right now is just like one, like probably more intently listening to them. Like instead of, you know, you've been through the script enough now that you should know the general gist of questions, right? Like just by like skim reading them. So it's like focus on more intently listening to them. And that's something I really want you to focus this week is reciting back to things that they say, especially what they say. Yeah, especially if they have a little bit more of a deeper meaning. You know what I mean?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if they do have a bit of a deeper meaning, you know, depending on where you are in the script, obviously, but spend the time on, you know, getting specific on what that deeper meaning is, right, without going off script and veering off, right, like it should just be an extra question or two, Max. And then the third thing is I would just read, I would read this, again, I don't know if it's the same for yours as in Tommy's, but I would do my close because this is, again, how I close word for word.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All through here.
asha: Yeah. No, I'll definitely go back to that. might even just, like, join, oh, I've got both in my documents, so I'll just go in and kind of edit them because I do, I've kind of taken a bit from what Brie said with, like, the start of her calls, mix some of Tommy's in there and then I can add yours in there as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then Brie's going to do those calls from 4 p.m. Queensland. From Tuesday, like every Tuesday, I would definitely jump on that, bring a call recording and everything like that. And even to say like you want to focus on the ejection handle because she's like a, she's just a weapon of the ejection handle. Like she just will not let girls get off the phone.
asha: That's so good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. And your audience to her audience would be very, very similar.
asha: Yeah. So, like one thing I can even potentially ask her is like just get a bunch of sales calls, recordings, and you just skip right to the end and just hear how she goes about from the pitch onwards. So, she has actually sent me a couple and I was more so watching like the first half of them. I've still got them there. So, I might even do that tomorrow is just go through and listen to how, yeah. And I've got Tommy's as well.
Kyle Musca: So, I'll do that. Yeah. I would probably do Breeze over Tommy's just because again, girl to girl and.
asha: Female, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And. She's, like, very, very good in terms of the objection handle because objection handling very much comes down to breaking beliefs.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And, again, backing them into a corner so they have no other option besides logistically moving forward because, again, they're just trying to weep out of making a decision.
asha: You just don't want to let them do that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Any other questions on any of that? I don't think so.
asha: Awesome. just spend more time doing.
Kyle Musca: But definitely working about three sales under the belt this week, so it's definitely a massive improvement.
asha: Yeah. Considering I've only had four calls has been, like, I'm very happy. I'm definitely feeling a lot more confident and feeling like, yeah, I just feel a lot better about the calls and everything. Yeah. I guess it's just the objections now, which has been the biggest thing when it comes to majority of my calls lately. And then you. So like, I'm kind of just like, okay, well, what's the cheapest you can afford? Which I don't want to, I don't want to be doing that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's just, again, understanding that there's a process and just understanding there's cycles you have to go through. Never split the difference, make it very, very, like to help you really understand why that's so important.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Cool.
asha: Amazing. Thank you, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: No worries. All right. Let me know how you go the rest of the week. And yeah, let's keep it up.
asha: Cool. Thank you. Have a good night. I mean, good day. Bye. Bye.


>>> 181/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-24T03:58:29Z | id:140752211
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How going?
Torin McGlynn: I'm good. Sorry if you can hear, like, banging next to me. There's, like, someone decided to build a house beside me, it seems.
Kyle Musca: Very good. How's it going?
Torin McGlynn: Things have been good, man. Things have been good. We need some changes, though. Sick of these setters. Honestly. I need to interview these setters that you gave me today. Is there any, like, top picks I should go for with them, or are they all kind of needing to be trained?
Kyle Musca: Where do you get them? No, most of them seem pretty all right. Most of them seem pretty, pretty all right. It would just come down to sort of having a chat with them, making sure you feel confident with them. You'll probably need to. And then I can train them from there. I've already role-played them and everything like that, just to make sure they're not, like, proper retarded. And they all seem pretty, pretty decent to handle it, like, for what the job is.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah. Cool, cool, cool, cool. Because I was, um... They're persistent. I texted them yesterday, and they keep on texting me, so that's a good thing.
Kyle Musca: What is the problem with your current setters?
Torin McGlynn: Current problem with them, I don't even know, to be honest. Like, it's hard to even know if they are a problem, to be honest with you, because I've reviewed their stuff, it just seems so repetitive, but I don't know, like, it's worked in the past. Like, when we did the, like, 40k week at that time, it was still come A.
Kyle Musca: Mm-hmm. Is it the same poses, though, as a setters?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, we've got one called Ada. She's the same. I had them doing, like, ridiculous amounts of work. I think, to be honest, like, just the actual volume of leads that we've through, and the quality of leads have just been a little bit less. Like, my views have gone down a good bit on Instagram. I think that also is a part of it. But, like, it's not, I don't see anything special in the, when I look through their messages, there's nothing special to them. They just seem so generalized, and, like, I could easily be better than them. I want, like, would love Setters where I look at the message and I'm like, , that was pretty good, you know, or not just, like, clearly ChatGVT.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so, yeah, the training I've done and the way I've sort of, like, built it up and everything like that, it should be really nice and personalized.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, my conversations are fantastic with the setters I had and I wasn't happy with them at the start, so I've made a massive amount of improvements since then.
Torin McGlynn: What are the setters that you have now?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: What does your flow look like when you're actually going in and making sure that they're good? What does that look like?
Kyle Musca: In terms of if the setters are good?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, like, what is it, like, what am I not?
Kyle Musca: One, the biggest thing to look at is, like, the stats and the data and everything like that in terms of booking-to-lead ratio. So it's, like, if there's a good booking-to-lead ratio, then it's, like, it's less urgent to go in and actually check. Conversations and everything like that because, like, whatever they're doing, it's working. Happy days. don't need to micromanage it. If there's, and this is what, are you tracking your CEO dashboard?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I am. Matt sends me a thing every day as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: The one that I have with, me and Sage have the same one. He's a weapon. He's an actual weapon. He sends, I also have it, him sending it to them every day. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, as long as, what's the booking to lead ratio at the moment?
Torin McGlynn: 6.56%.
Kyle Musca: Is that off everything or is that from direct response? Like, in terms of CTAs and stuff? I assume it's probably off everything.
Torin McGlynn: Just a lead count. I'll show you what it looks like. I'll go to my dashboard. I think, I'm not sure, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, I mean, that doesn't really sound right, because it's like, if that's off all your conversations, 6.5% means you'd probably, like, if you're getting thousands of comments in their full conversations, I mean, like, 6 point something percent would mean you.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, I see, I see. Let me see. I don't know where he puts it. So let him do all this stuff. Oh, funnel charts, ads. Oh, yeah, we did. I think that's just from, like, actually ongoing conversations.
Kyle Musca: I guess that needs to be a little bit clearer. So what I'll do is I'll show you on the screen. Needs to be a little bit clearer about what that is. So, let's have a look in your own.
Torin McGlynn: Because I can see here week 7 leads 199, maybe 185. Yeah, it's just like leads to book calls. That's all they have. That's all. The information we have. Where are you? You still here?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I don't know where I am about you. So much stuff open. There you go. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, because there's thousands of them, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I think what they call a lead is people that go through the lead mag and then actually talk back.
Kyle Musca: Some engaged conversation.
Torin McGlynn: I can straight up just asking them.
Kyle Musca: So my pro, this is where tagging comes into play because we need. We need to figure out, so right now it seems like lead mag qualified, which isn't the correct tag, because there's nothing to say that they're actually qualified yet. But we can still filter by that, just to see, because they got to the end of the flow at least.
Torin McGlynn: Lead mag qualified. 14,000 is , with so many leads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean like if you're getting 6.5% off these, I mean these are all one day ago. So, it's like, you know what mean, you should have a lot of  calls if that's the case.
Torin McGlynn: I don't. Last week, four calls booked. Four.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd say that starter's probably wrong. Because it's like, well, how did this person get to lead mag qualified if they just clicked the recipe?
Torin McGlynn: Maybe a previous one or something? Or it's broken somehow?
Kyle Musca: That's true. Yes, so that could be very well.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, they went through it. If they have the cookbook, they went through the, they said recipes and fat loss.
Kyle Musca: So this is something that I also saw on Xavier's account a little bit, quite a lot, is you'll get a lot of repeat people because of your content.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because they want to keep getting recipes and  off you.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So. What are you looking for here? I'm just looking at overall engagement comments and everything like that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, we're averaging like 5k, I'd say. With likes, comments, when I do one of the, when I say the thing, do you remember when we did that? If I say chicken, comment, don't know or something, it gets like 5,000 comments or something. It's pretty ridiculous.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see, I mean, I don't know what this is. I wonder if this will show me. Yeah, so those two people have come through multiple times. Those two people have come through multiple times. Sorry, three people. Chicken. So that's the first time.
Torin McGlynn: It's a few times.
Kyle Musca: A lot of these people are coming through multiple times.
Torin McGlynn: Must be confusing for a setter to be in my account, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: This is why I feel like for you specifically, because you're getting so much volume, it's really, really important that you filter who is good quality leads. I also think we should probably clean this up to make it more of a direct clear ask. So what I did for Xavier, for example.
Torin McGlynn: How is Xavier doing?
Kyle Musca: Quite good. We're heavily focusing on sales for him right now. We've got new setters in there for him because his previous one was  .
Torin McGlynn: Do just take out cremé. Do you not use cremé at all anymore?
Kyle Musca: I use cremé, but he obviously, his biggest constraint is cashflow, so he couldn't afford cremé. Well, he could, but like he was opting for a white dude, like a Western setter.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, he's got 5% I think like 10% or something. 10% setter is .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and it was like so . There were so many leads that slipped through the cracks, was .
Torin McGlynn: Like, if we want to look through cremé. Oh, great. This stuff, and go through it together. I'm pretty happy, like, it will save a lot of ball ache, right? She's happy to do weekly calls with me and stuff as well. I don't know if it's just on my end, clean stuff up, and then help them out, and then we see if we need new setters. The reason I did setters is just because, like, I'm just looking at the ratio, and it just seems to be, like, down.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd say it's, we probably need an overall refresh. So, and what I mean by that is, one, refresh the mini chat flow, and also refresh, not refresh, but potentially add some new types of content in there. So, for example, I spoke about this last week, but for Xavier, we're focusing on adding more of this style of content in. And you've got 40K views and 581, which is less than these types of videos, but these have a lot more conversion potential. Because it's more like the Alex Gamble type videos, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, Alex Gamble is coming in as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's because these types of videos, the ones that you do, yes, they're great for engagement and following, but they don't put you as an authority in the space. And people don't think of you as the coach, they think of you as the recipe guy. Whereas if you can do this type of content, yes, again, lower engagement overall, but still good views. And people see you more as an authority in the space.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I seem to, like, because everyone gets loads of views, but I seem to, for some reason, people see me as much more of an authority than him. Do you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Well, you've got a much larger following, so mine aren't necessarily...
Torin McGlynn: when I was doing, even when I had 300,000 followers. I did a 70k a month, or like 67,000 a month. So you even knew that?
Kyle Musca: It would be interesting to see how it goes with these new setters, because he was getting only three or four calls booked a week, and then we ripped that apart, and I was just like, your setter's , you're severely here, you need to get someone else in there. And then he's got like 10 to 15 calls booked the next week, so it's like he has the potential to do that as long as he's closing. But that was the biggest constraint there. So, and then even if you look at like, you know, something that Matt's doing now, I haven't seen it super recently, but last time I checked, he is doing...
Torin McGlynn: He does this  with the lights on challenge, and he rinses it now these days.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. One thing I would also recommend you doing is a lot more carousels. Like you've got, it seems like you've got a lot of lifestyle photos and everything like that. These are great for adding transformations into them. I wouldn't go off a transformation purely. He... It does do that though, right? But like, you need to get more social proof into your, um, your, your overall content. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I have the, just results tab on my profile, but probably having it in there is better.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. So, I mean, I haven't even seen this type of video, but I can see that this is social proof. So let's have a look. I made chocolate with two ingredients and had to share the recipe with you. We're going to have a homemade dessert, sugar-free, and no molds. Spectacular. The best part is that it couldn't be easier. You are going to mix 100 milliliters of melted coconut oil with three heaping tables of unsweetened cocoa powder. If you want, you can add one tablespoon of stevia or sweeten with what you like most. As a mold, I use the cardboard container that I cut in half. Pour the chocolate and refrigerate it. Homemade chocolate. If this actually works, it could be a lifesaver. So, let's put it to the test. And I'll let you know whether it  or sucks. A  I Suck series is all about trying viral recipes like this to let you know whether they're worth... So it's the same, exact same style of video so far? It's a lot of social preview. Now, before we give this a go, I just have to let you know that the doors to the  With The Lights On challenge are slamming shut tomorrow night. This is your last chance to secure a spot. So if you want to see results like our client Piper, who dropped over 30 kilograms, that's over 60 pounds. All you've got to do is comment the word challenge below and I'll send you across all the info.
Torin McGlynn: Just don't muck around because like I said, doors are closing tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Let's give this homemade chocolate a go. Now, and this is what I did with Xavier as well. I was really breaking down the CTA sequence and like what we're putting, where we're putting it. Okay? So instead of... Because Xavier was having the same problem where a lot of repeat people would come through the many chat, not be interested in coaching, and it congests the conversations a lot. So it's like... Instead of, and there's two places to really put the CTA. One is in the video, like he just did, and then there's in the caption, right? So what I would potentially even look at doing is give them the, if we want more direct response, give them the recipe here in the caption.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: we don't want people coming through the recap flow for recipes, because again, we're getting a lot of repeat people, so it's pointless anyway. Now that you've been so, you know, up and running and done this for so long, and then potentially even in the video, drop in a CTA. But with a CTA, especially in the video, needs to be very, very quick. If it's anything longer than a sentence, it's probably too much.
Torin McGlynn: Like even that was probably. It was pretty long-winded. I wanted to, I was bored of that video pretty quick.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. So like people can drop off there, right? So it's like, you know, you might be like, these are the exact. These are the exact foods I helped my clients like Rachel lose 10 kilos in 12 weeks. All right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you want results like this without, if you want results like that without cutting out the foods you love, deem the word coach.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or comment the Yeah, that's comments.
Torin McGlynn: Might even help engagement, honestly, because people like to actually comment things about the recipe because I just get swamped, like 4,000 comments.
Kyle Musca: Well, here's the thing, though, because, like, again, yes, you might get less comments, but that doesn't necessarily mean you'll get less engagement.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Comments aside, if they spend longer reading the recipe, and especially if they save the video to come back to it later, then you're getting the same, if not potentially, more amount of engagement. And it's a higher-valued engagement because a save is valued more than a comment.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. CTA in the video with transformation, something we can do, maybe not every video, every, like, twice a week, maybe?
Kyle Musca: You don't have to do every video, but, like, the more social proof, the better.
Torin McGlynn: Well, then I can actually let you know the actual frame of it. I can put the transformation there. So then when people scroll through my page as well, they can see some transformations just like Matt's.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And again, it can be something as simple as, like, you know, these are the exact type of recipes I help my client Rachel to lose 10 kilos in the last 12 weeks. And if you want results like that, comment the word coach down below, and I'll send you a message.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah. I might even do this actual two ingredient chocolate as well.
Kyle Musca: I've got stuff here. One thing I would really recommend doing as well is getting a phrase, like a big, bold statement, essentially. And you basically, you can have different variations, but they should be quite similar. So mine, and it'd be really tangible. Tangible and really specific. So mine, for example, is I'll help you cut 10 kilos of fat over the next 12 weeks. So that's the big, bold, tangible goal. And then you always want to add a without pain or without sacrifice type thing, right? So it's like, I'll help you cut 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks without giving up your social life or the foods you love.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, a lot of my leads want more energy. So I could say I help people maximize their energy and drop 20 to 25 pounds without feeling like they're on a diet.
Kyle Musca: Uh, I would probably say, so it depends on like, what, what are your clients, your clients are gem pop?
Torin McGlynn: We've got women, mostly women between the ages of like 30 to 50, I'd say.
Kyle Musca: Yes. I find gem pop, especially women, usually are more pain orientated than goal outcome.
Torin McGlynn: Favorite foods without cutting out their favorite foods.
Kyle Musca: Well, you could just do, I'll help you lose six to eight. Kilos over the next 90 days without crashing your energy and metabolism. It could be something as simple as that. Again, you can use different versions and like try different ones. Some might be energy metabolism. Some might be without giving up social life and food. You know what mean? Like you can, it's the same sort of version, but it's just slightly altered if that makes sense.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it makes total sense. Yeah, because I know from sales calls, whenever I say maximize energy, they're like,  yeah, that's what I want. I feel like I've been 20 years older for the last 10 years. I'm like, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it depends on, it also depends on like the quality of lead though. So like, for example, when I've done energy, also great example of this is Bree did an ad campaign around gut health and it brought in the same amount of lead, like fantastic amount of lead, but the quality of lead was absolutely  because it's like they weren't going out for any like tangible specific goal. And it was almost vague, if that makes sense. I mean, definitely try it, but just like be aware that that may potentially happen.
Torin McGlynn: know. know. I don't Yeah, I'd probably do pounds more than kg because we're still focusing on Americans more. 80% of the following is now, so pounds more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, the other thing is, like, again, be real, get into the mind of a producer, not a consumer. So break this down, right? The other CTA is, what are they? Right? He's got the headline of what it is. Then he's got the CTA at the very top.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Before, so again, because we're putting the recipe in the caption here, that means that everybody that opens up the caption to see the recipe, they see the CTA.
Torin McGlynn: That's what we did with the, remember, the New Year's challenge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, and again, this should be every single post. Once you've figured out, you know, what, how your CTA should look and everything and where they should be placed. It should be in every single post. see how mine, and mine is always like this three-step thing. One, it's the big, bold sort of title, right? Now, I always put emojis around it to make it stand out because if I didn't have those emojis, this part here would blend into that part and it's not even that much writing.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's almost exactly what we did before as well. So that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, with the title though, the title needs to spark curiosity. it's like when, okay, so good example. When you look at a newspaper, like what's the first thing you look at?
Torin McGlynn: Headline.
Kyle Musca: Right. If the headline's not interesting or it doesn't spark curiosity or like you want to learn more about it, you don't read the body.
Torin McGlynn: No, you don't.
Kyle Musca: So it's like something pretty bold there. We want something that, you know, it has to be relevant to the video. Sometimes like, you know, if it's not relevant, I'll just say whatever. But, you know, we're coming in and looking at being, like, very busy on calls recently, so I'm not doing it as much as I should be. Like, want to make a change, you know what mean? And all this is trying to do is, you know, spark a little bit of curiosity. It's like, oh, you know, what's he talking about? Just so they read this part.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Okay. Want to make a change. That seems, I need to just start making excuses. It's pretty general, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, I don't put heaps of effort into these. Like, I'm usually  trying to get these up and, you know, in between small gaps of calls.
Torin McGlynn: Your videos take, like, two seconds, I?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, They're , like, they're  all about it.
Torin McGlynn: So, I make it. like, essentially, you're reacting to a video just like me, but I have to make the  food.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. It's a much easier version. Yeah. So, it's like, you know, it doesn't have to be anything crazy. Again, like, there's a lot of, you know, philosophy or psychology that goes behind it. These things, but then it's like when you actually practically apply it, it's usually the shorter, the better.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it makes total sense for sure.
Kyle Musca: And then, and then like, yeah, I didn't do one for that one because I was in a rush. And then it's the, the, the, the line I just basically told you about the big, bold, tangible goal without pain. Right.
Torin McGlynn: I'm surprised you don't have comments, something for coaching. Like, why don't you?
Kyle Musca: Uh, because the comment, I don't like the comment. Um, simply because you can only do the, the one box thing that where the buttons have to be on the first thing. Whereas if they DM you, can have two steps, like you can have top thing. then the question on so-and-so rather than DM me.
Torin McGlynn: Why don't you have DM something then?
Kyle Musca: I do. Oh, if you can go apply for coaching. So if they come in organically, no, sorry. For me, if they come in organically, they go apply for the coaching application. They fill out the coaching application. Form, they can then automatically book in a call depending on if they're qualified and if not my DM setters will message them through go high level from there. So they end up, it's the same thing, but I just keep mine organic, organic, sorry, organic application form.
Torin McGlynn: Makes sense. Okay. You still recommend I do the comments or should I do something like that too?
Kyle Musca: Because yours are in US, like a lot of them, I would probably keep it native to Instagram just so it's easier to contact them.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. Because also, yeah, the comments thing, I think it's actually quite exciting to try something new with the comments anyways, comment, coach, because then I can, I don't, it also saves me time. I don't want to create a new thing every time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So. Does that all make sense in terms of the layout there, though?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. We won't do another challenge for now.
Kyle Musca: No, no. We want to get this refined before we think about the challenge.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, another thing. Yeah. Yeah, perfect. So happy days there. All good? Beautiful. Now, the other thing I think you should definitely start including is carousels.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm not a huge fan of doing the transformation straight off the bat in terms of the carousels. He's obviously got a massive following. mean, you've got a massive following, so you could absolutely try and do it. Probably, for you, actually, because of your following, I would say do a mix of both, like how he is doing them, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it's interesting. These, they look so ugly, though, his ones. Like, that thing, I suppose it looks obvious what he's done. Like, I did a, I did one there. You go to my Instagram, go down a little bit. I did a full-day meeting there. That's like, okay for engagement.
Kyle Musca: So these, oh, yeah, I liked it anyway. These are, anytime you do a carousel, you should absolutely put some social proof in. That's what, I would think of carousels as how Instagram stories used to be.
Torin McGlynn: How they used to be.
Kyle Musca: Where you did like multiple story sequences and it would show, you know, all your followers. Whereas stories for the most part, mean, you probably get good engagement on your stories, but stories for the most part are pretty like low in terms of how, like views and  compared to following.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, only like 20k.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, that's still a lot of  people, but yeah. This girl.
Torin McGlynn: We got 300,000 views on a story before.
Kyle Musca: Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah. So, I mean, you get a massive.
Torin McGlynn: Let's go. go.
Kyle Musca: Let's Let's Let's Is the Perth girl. Yeah, yeah. So she usually does really good story CTS.
Torin McGlynn: That's why I bring her up. Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But so from, I don't know if he's done them in a while, but you want to kind of do what you've done here in the full day of eating, but then like mix it into a, let me find it.
Torin McGlynn: Carousels, social proof.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, there's not enough social proof on my Instagram. So something like this, right? So with the carousels, tell a story. Could be a full day of eating as well. That works as well. But tell a story. it's like, you know, 2016 training like a maniac. The other thing is, I think, yeah, I mean, that's decently aesthetic. They should be made in Instagram. They should look really organic. I had a passion for natural bodybuilding, surrounded myself with winners, my first PT mentor. This was my first business. Here we start to get into social proof. Had some great times training clients. Got some awesome transformations even back then. Took me more work than I realized. Yada, yada, yada. Right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I usually find it's like kind of similar structure to how I've started to do these. I don't know if you saw this video, right? Or even these videos. You talk about a topic at the start and then you always tie a social proof into it.
Torin McGlynn: Just like we're going to say, it's recipes like this that helped my client, Jeff, lose 10 kilos. Boom.
Kyle Musca: Come on coaching without restricting your foods. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Torin McGlynn: It needs to be quick. I realize that. I need to come up with saying this quick because I get bored. I've almost got TikTok brain when it comes to other people's content. then. Now where I'm like, okay, this person doesn't know what they're doing.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. It should be very, very quick. should be, these are the exact recipes I helped Sharon lose 10 kilos over the last 90 days without giving up the food she loves. If you want results like this, deem the weight coach.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I already know I'm going to cop some hate for this, but this physique is 100% achievable within your first year.
Torin McGlynn: I told us.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so topic, and then it goes into, then I use my clients as proof. You know what mean? So it's like topic, clients as proof, if that makes sense.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. It does.
Kyle Musca: And that's essentially the same, I guess, structure as you'd use in a carousel. Topic and then clients as proof.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I'm just trying to tie it into my actual topic is food. So I'm pretty much getting it.
Kyle Musca: your topic doesn't always have to be food. Like it can be your lifestyle. You know what I mean? Like you could talk about how you spent, was it 30 different Airbnbs in 12 months?
Torin McGlynn: 40.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could talk about that, you know what mean? Make it, because the more people feel like they know you, the more they'll like you, and the more relevant and relatable you feel to them.
Torin McGlynn: Oh yeah, my, Emily's really, so Emily's my girlfriend now, pretty different girlfriend than we last spoke. She's unbelievable at doing that, like unbelievable. Her client, her following is like cult, they know who she is.
Kyle Musca: Emily, what's her name?
Torin McGlynn: Emily Helps.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay, no, definitely. Yeah, because on that, Emily Fitzweiser, do you know?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, she used to go out with Kawhi, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I helped her build her coaching business.
Torin McGlynn: Her content's good. She has some good content, I have to say. Like, it looks like it takes her about three hours to make one of her reels.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I haven't seen it recently. I don't remember unfollowing her, but apparently I did. Yeah. But yeah, like I don't know what she's doing here, but usually on her stories, I don't think she, yeah, she doesn't have enough stories, but when she does a story CTA, it's just all social proof. Social proof is like one of the most powerful things you can use. So it's just like, and the more you use it, the better. Like you can't overuse social proof. Like Physique Factory, you know Physique Factory?
Torin McGlynn: Do I? It sounds familiar because it sounds great. Physique Factory.
Kyle Musca: So Physique Factory is this guy. You've probably seen him.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I've seen this guy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. He built his entire coaching business and it a , it probably is still huge, but like probably one of the biggest in Australia for men, especially. And all he does is just social proof, social proof, social He doesn't add any value besides calling people a fat , but it's just social proof, social proof, social proof. It's an overwhelming amount of social proof to the point where his methodologies are pretty  crazy in terms of what he does with clients. He just rips their calories out and pushes them to extremes and everything like that. I'm sure there's probably a lot of guys that don't get a result because of that, but you only see the ones that win, right?
Torin McGlynn: I'm not saying do that, by the way, but just put it on. Yeah, no, I know what you're saying.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so we want to, pretty much the topic here is that add social proof. Yeah, anywhere you can put it. should be on stories, it should be in videos, it should be on carousels. It should be everywhere.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, videos, yeah, it should be everywhere. Not every video though, right?
Kyle Musca: It doesn't have to be every video, but it's like, again, you can't overuse it. Okay, that sounds good. Because, again, like, you also got to remember that people aren't, you know, people are only watching your video for a minute a day. So it's not, it's not like they're going to get, you'll get annoyed at your stuff and think it's old a lot faster than other people will.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I'm starting to get a lot of comments saying that my phrase of, if it's worth your time, calories, and effort, is getting repetitive. But that, I don't know, it's like some current somewhere.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, yeah. so I think that's probably going to be huge. Now, are you doing much CTAs on your story?
Torin McGlynn: I did one the other day. Did pretty okay. I didn't do them for a few weeks just because I was, Christian was full and I was on holiday. So I was like, yeah, I'm not going to do them for two weeks. Yeah. But I'm starting to do them again, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Once a week? Yeah. One thing I'd probably even, like, look at doing is recreating these in an organic style way. So they they don't look. Don't look so professional. Does that make sense?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Can be, you know, exact same stuff and everything like that, but just do it in an organic Instagrammy way. So again, someone who's good at this while we're on the topic is EBT. And he updates these, I don't know how often, but it seems that he updates these pretty decently often. Again, and this one should be a story of your upbringing. You when I was 18, I told not to become a personal trainer and make no money. So yeah, it's the same format as Matt's. It's just nice, simple.
Torin McGlynn: It's nothing, anything fancy, minimal wording.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right.
Torin McGlynn: Matt does have nice ones now though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So at the time they were right, I don't know a single piece of killing it. What I did was this. I love training and helping people that yada, yada, yada, work trained, you know, put my life in this. took risks, changed my life, social proof. And to be honest, like, you know, let's sound like I hate it, but I don't even think Adam gets very good transformations at all. Especially, you know, for life. I the amount of people that come through it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but it's still social proof. Devs have tens of thousands, an app, thousands in recipes, and a real team. Social proof. Comment challenge, I'll send you the link.
Torin McGlynn: The day on a plate things that he does with the affiliates is good. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Social proof. Day on a plate. Social proof. Day on a plate. You know mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. It's hard for me to let go of those three posts because so many people go through them. And think they look good. But, like, he has, he's got nice-looking ones, too, is the thing. Matt.
Kyle Musca: Oh, these ones.
Torin McGlynn: The top ones, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, to me, that just, like, to me, I was, that just looks boring, though.
Torin McGlynn: You know what mean? Yeah, his ones look .
Kyle Musca: I look better than his. Yeah, I'm surprised he actually has that, but that's boring to me.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But like, if you see all these other ones, all these other ones are like this.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, true, true, true, true. I think we'll go off with the carousels first. I'll try a few of those. I've got heaps of content. Like, I've got tons of photos I can use.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because you just came out of a cut too, didn't you?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm not cutting. You know, tell your story about that. This is what I look.
Torin McGlynn: You can use yourself as social proof. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. This is what I looked 12 weeks ago.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I've got actually a starting photo and an end photo too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, include that stuff into your thing. Do you think I should start the carousel with me 12 weeks ago? What do I do side by side? Do a transformation, do a side by side.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, because.
Kyle Musca: So something like that, for example.
Torin McGlynn: I've got heaps of transformations I can use with clients too, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, again, use both, like use them all.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is, chuck it up on your story because you're still coaching a lot of these clients yourself, aren't you?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, Christian's got 60 and I've got maybe 20.
Kyle Musca: Your coach should also make it very, very clear. Anyone that's making good progress, anyone that said anything good in their check-in or in messages, whatever it is, send it through to you instantly because you need to get that every little piece of, like, , positivity, right? Again, it's still social proof. Get it up on your story.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: mean, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Now, I used to think do two hard CTAs a week, and I still do definitely think that, but I've kind of shifted. That belief into terms of, you could theoretically do one like realistically every second day if you wanted to, as long as there's enough value and volume on your stories other than that.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Right. So again, a good person, she hasn't done it right now, but is that Amber girl? Because like she will, she'll put up some training videos, like, you know, some inflammation  stuff on her stories. And then that will lead into a CTA sequence.
Torin McGlynn: It's, yeah.
Kyle Musca: right, five things that, oh.
Torin McGlynn: Do you coach her?
Kyle Musca: No, I don't. Reese does, but if I got a hold of her, she'd make a lot of  money. Like she just naturally is good at marketing. Like, I don't know if she intentionally does it or not, but she's very, very good at.
Torin McGlynn: A few clients that were, that she was the coach before. So. Just judging off that, because I get a few that are EBT, there's been like five, so she must get loads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she does really, really  well, just organically.
Torin McGlynn: See, I like her looking things, like her carousels there look nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you can have your own sort of style of carousel, like don't get me wrong.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: As long as it's all completely easy to read, you know. Women are a little bit easy because they can just be in a bikini and, you know, look fit and girls are like, yes, she knows what she's doing. But yeah, I wish she had it up on her story, but if you don't follow her, I would follow her and like pay close attention. Another one of my clients that's really good at doing this is Aaron. Do you know Aaron?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so he's really, really good at pushing social proof on his stories. You know, if clients post him, fantastic.
Torin McGlynn: His clients are jacked.
Kyle Musca: I would be like, this guy, how does he get me Exactly, but see how you're thinking that? You know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, no, but actually they are.
Kyle Musca: They are.
Torin McGlynn: He meet all the time, like, figure me up and stuff. And I'm always looking at his clients, and it's like, he has the good demographic going on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean, like, but that's because he posts it so much, you know what mean? He probably has, like, he's got 90 clients, but you only probably see the top nine.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, yeah, he's doing really well, and he's doing organically, like, oh, we are doing ads as well, but he's doing like 50k months now.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, he told me that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah, but again, the social proof, he's grown that 100% of his social proof.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, he's also  huge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he's got a good physique, for sure.
Torin McGlynn: Definitely not an addict. No chance. No chance at all. Okay, okay, so, yeah, I've got, if you look at my page, I've got no social proof. Zero.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, um, I've got it on my, I've got the results tab, which is pretty good.
Torin McGlynn: People like that a lot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but to be honest, like, I often overlook highlights. don't really even think about highlights when I go on someone's page.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I suppose if you're, you gotta think about my clients being like 40 as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, I don't even see it. Like, it just doesn't even attract my eye. Um, highlights. I forget, I forget they're even, I think.
Torin McGlynn: Those three posts at the top have 600k views each of them.
Kyle Musca: These ones? Yeah. Yeah, but that's because so many people are coming onto your page.
Torin McGlynn: They're definitely worth having.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the pin post, absolutely. Absolutely.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I made that when I was making, like, 6k a month or something.
Kyle Musca: Now, what I also reckon, um, yeah, cool, we got time. What I also recommend, reckon would, would potentially do really, really well for you is If you are going to do the comment thing like we are doing right now, because you get really good volume on them, I definitely recommend potentially doing a masterclass, Matt.
Torin McGlynn: We talked about that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, especially if you're getting 20,000 store reviews as well. Like, that's enough. You could just do a masterclass for that specific reason alone. Yeah, be fair. I would do it now because we can use it organically, and then we will use it for an ad eventually anyway. So it's like, we might as well get it done. And the reason I think doing that is because, like, then we can bring people through a value ladder. So if they do come in off a, you know, like maybe a recipe e-book, right, you're giving them the value of the recipe. But then instead of asking them if they're potentially interested in coaching or trying to go into conversation, one thing I also found with the lead magnet since we last started work together is don't try and be sneaky about. What you're trying to do, you know what mean? Just make the direct ask and then people will say they're interested or they're not interested. I mean, like, are you interested in coaching? So, for example, what I have on Bree is her lead magnet, right? Similar flow, goal, struggle, what's that? Are you working full-time? Nationality, cut out the Indians. Awesome, you're potentially looking at getting a coach.
Torin McGlynn: We have a, oh yeah, yes, potentially. No, ah, because that's normally what the center will do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so not everyone clicks on these, don't get me wrong, because realistically that's only 19% have actually clicked out of that. But, what this does is two things. One, we can identify the people that are cream of the crop. They are interested, I mean, well, I guess, yeah, 10% of those people. I said that they are interested, right? No, 15%. 14% of those people said they're interested in getting a coach, right? The other thing that this does is, again, we bring them through the value ladder more. So they've engaged with your free content. You've given them a free recipe. Now you're giving them a free fat loss masterclass. So they're consuming a lot of your content. If they watch that video, they're to be really bought into the idea and really bought into you. And what the masterclass is doing is it creates that gap for why you're needed as a coach.
Torin McGlynn: Do a menopause one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How women, how, when do women really go through menopause? It's like 50s, isn't it?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Okay. Well, it can start to 40s as well.
Kyle Musca: How women in their 40s and 50s going through menopause can, can cut six to eight kilos over the next 90 days without crashing their, their energy and hormones.
Torin McGlynn: Because, yeah. Yeah, normally it's to do with energy, that exaptive energy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they love the word crashing hormones as well.
Torin McGlynn: Their hormones will crash regardless, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you know, it can be managed.
Torin McGlynn: Crashing hormones, sure. I'll probably get some, I could do one that's male oriented as well. For some reason, I've got a good few male ones recently, I don't know why.
Kyle Musca: What age group?
Torin McGlynn: 30, it's like completely 30.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, so for example, like I'm, I want to create these like weekly for me, just to get used to doing them for one. But for example, Could you just get like some chat or some AI to make them? Yeah, I've got a full presentation project and everything like that and I brought on, I'm training. Copywriter right now to go do all the research and build them and everything and then I just get the graphics on and create them.
Torin McGlynn: But for example, I don't want to make these.
Kyle Musca: No, no, I don't make these.
Torin McGlynn: No, I just get someone else to make.
Kyle Musca: I get lucky to make them. He does them for like $2 per slide.
Torin McGlynn: Per slide? So what's that? Like $30 for this thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like $50 or something. Yeah, definitely saves him. But yeah, the truth about testosterone, fat loss, and muscle gain after 30, and what you can actually do about it. So this masterclass is for testosterone and men in their 30s.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Then you just talk on it pretty much reading the slides.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Testosterone and level of declining faster than any previous generation. Most men assume testosterone declines but they're getting older. And yes, aging is part of it. But research has found something that goes far beyond normal aging. Basically talks about how men's average testosterone is 17% lower. That was back in 2007 as well. So technically, over the last 25 years, men's average testosterone has dropped 25%. But that's a side tangent. Anyway, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Get out of here. But yeah, so I think it's definitely, you only need one. Like for Brie, for example, we've only had to run that, this one. And obviously, we're running it obviously through ads, to be fair. But again, you're getting probably the same amount of views as she's spending on ads. You know what I mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if we look at this, and put this into perspective as well, I'll show you both numbers. Open a new tab, new tab. So this is Brie. Marie's direct response, right? She, what are we looking at here? She didn't put the numbers in there. We did this, this week, this last week was like 24 return on investment from memory. This week was 20 return on investment, so for every dollar. So great numbers across the board, don't get me wrong, for direct response. Fantastic, right? Let's just pay attention to this, right? She spent 863, out of that she got five calls booked, she closed four of them, and she got a 20 return on investment, 17 grand total cash, right? So, this is a lead magnet.
Torin McGlynn: This Yeah, wow. With that?
Kyle Musca: $445. Out of that, she got seven calls booked, six of them showed, she closed five of them, and out of that made $19,000 with a 41, 42 return on investment.
Torin McGlynn: Last week was 45. Okay. So, we'll do a masterclass.
Kyle Musca: Definitely. Yeah. So, like, what this does is it just closes the gap massively. And again, if someone's going to engage in your long-form content, they're to be very, very bored into who you are and what the idea is.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah. And then the leads that come on are like nice leads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what you could, but like, again, like what you could, they're just so universally usable. You can chuck them up on your story as a soft CTA because you're giving something away. You can run them as an ad. You can, what I think the main use for you would be is anyone that comes through, through the recipe things, be like, Hey, by the way, I'll also give you this. I've also made this free fat loss masterclass for you.
Torin McGlynn: So it doesn't need to be live. I can record it once and use it.
Kyle Musca: No, it's pre-recorded. Yeah. Definitely not live. Pre-recorded. It's a, it's a loom video.
Torin McGlynn: Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Easy. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: It's  super easy. Does he research the stuff? I'm like, how do I ask Lucky for this?
Kyle Musca: What do you, what's your message? no. Lucky won't research it for you. We're going to do, you know, again, you only need one. So what I would do, did I send you the presentation stuff?
Torin McGlynn: I don't think you did. Maybe you didn't. Are you coaching Ben Moore?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: How's he going?
Kyle Musca: Good. We started a week ago because he took a massive step back because of, he had a baby and everything like that. So everything sort of died down. He's only making sort of, it's up on my store, actually. He's making 1.5 to 2 grand a week. And then like first weekend, he's already pulled in 7 grand.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, that's him. Wow. Because he was on the first people that I like, I suppose, copied his content, really.
Kyle Musca: I'm just being honest.
Torin McGlynn: And now, I'll overtake his following. I'm confident.
Kyle Musca: Does he have a bigger following than you?
Torin McGlynn: Bro, he's like 880, I think, is his following.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I didn't even know that. I didn't check. I knew he had a big following, but I didn't know how big.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, these are the ones you'll need for this. So essentially what you would do is upload that into Claude.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, Claude's better than chat.
Kyle Musca: Way better.
Torin McGlynn: I used it the other day, it was pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Way better. Like, just for example, like I'm trying to start this podcast, and I said I got it to do deep research and stuff. Above, obviously, I got it to do all that . And then based off that, I was like, I want you to build a guest questionnaire sheet and, like, actually builds the entire document for you and looks clean as.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, what? Stick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And with all the branding colors and everything like that of the podcast itself.
Torin McGlynn: Your podcast.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which it built for me. Like, it built my brand kits and everything like that.
Torin McGlynn: What? That's sick. Can it replace Lucky and just make the presentation for you?
Kyle Musca: I don't think it's quite there yet, but maybe. I don't know. I'm lying around with it that much. I don't think it can yet.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah, I'll play around with it. Yeah, I'm ready to, I've been pretty lax, to be honest, for the last, like, three months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so good to dive back in. But you'll see I have, like, this presentation with all my, same as Chachabi, it's the exact same. You just upload all the documents into it, right? I gave you that master prompt one. So literally, you just copy that into it.
Torin McGlynn: And then I copy and paste and send it to Luffy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but what I would do, though, is, like, deep research the topics that you want to do. So, for example, if you're going to do one on, like, women, you know, women in their 40s and 50s going through menopause. Looking to lose six to eight kilos over the next 90 days without cutting out. Again, just put the  title in there and tell it. I want to research this exact audience, this avatar. I want to know everything they struggle with, what their desires are, like yada, yada, yada. Give it as much information as possible to then go. What I usually do for master, sorry, deep research stuff, especially if it's something like that, I will give it a prompt to tell it to write me a prompt. So I'll be like, I want you to write me a prompt. This is who I want you to do deep research on. I want it to be as detailed as possible. And then it will write me back like a really detailed prompt, for example. And then I'll just copy and paste that straight back in. So it goes and researches off of that.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. And that all the information on that is what you just sent me?
Kyle Musca: No. So I sent you all the frameworks and everything like that.
Torin McGlynn: You have to keep reserves the specific tools. I see. Yeah, cool. So yeah, we'll do that. I'll get one of those ready. What else should I do this week? Should I, with setters, do you think I should, what do you think I should do there? Do you think I should try fix this stuff and then look for a new setter if it doesn't work with the setters? Or do you think I should get new setters now?
Kyle Musca: Um, it's, it depends on the quality of conversation. If you think the conversation quality isn't very good and it's just sort of being a bit mundane and copy and pasted and everything like that, then, you know, it's not a bad idea to potentially look at getting other setters.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I said it to Claire, she said she's having to do like a weekly call, um, with me. Like, could start doing that and actually just mapping out time too, because she, I'm only, she's only charging me five a hour.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, yeah, it's completely up to you what you want to Do that. It depends on the quality. We can review that in next week's session. I think the biggest thing for you there is like, I would go through your ManyChat flow and I would pick it apart to make sure it's more like, it's clear who the set is should be focusing on. So, because you've got to, there's a difference between anyone that messages through for a recipe, anyone that says they're potentially interested in coaching, and anyone that actually engages in conversation.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. So, first of all, I have to make it more obvious who wants coaching. That's kind of in the, in the actual lead mic. Are you interested in coaching?
Kyle Musca: pretty much ask them. Yeah. So what I can do here as well is because I'll build this with Xavier and I'll just copy it into your thing and you can play around.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool. Make it more obvious. Maybe just new, the new CTAs. So they're even. The more obvious, again, can make it the comment transform, or, yeah. They're already a lot better if they're just commenting transform anyways, from the new ones. You know what saying?
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
Torin McGlynn: So, if it's like, comment coach, right? They're already better than the ones that want for the recipe anyways, because they're actually going to that specific thing, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if it's a direct response thing, and they come through to that, it's a much higher intent thing, for sure. So it's like, there'll be less volume in DMs, but that's probably a good thing.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, definitely a good thing. My DMs are nuts.
Kyle Musca: So I can't copy it into, I don't know if I have the permissions on Xavier's account, but I'll just screenshot it for you.
Torin McGlynn: cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool, does that all make sense?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, all make sense, all make sense. I know you have to go, but thanks for today, bro. I'll get to work on all those things. I'm still getting this  macroactive finished as well. Oh my god, it takes ages.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man. Yeah, that should be good because we can play around with stuff on there as well. Cool, bro. Yeah, if you get any, if you get stuck or anything like that, just let me know. Awesome, bro. All right, I will chat to you very soon.
Torin McGlynn: Chat to soon, bro. Bye-bye. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 182/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-24T04:37:14Z | id:140756089
People: Kyle Musca

Imogen Harris: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome. All right. Well, we will rip right in. Seems like it was very good week overall, 12 calls, 12 show-ups.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, all showed up. There was no no-shows, which was fantastic. There was a couple from last week's reschedule that moved into, like, this week, or, like, from Friday onwards, I guess, last week. So, yeah, eight ended up signing on, which I think was pretty good. So, two were waiting for a four-week policy or some  with their coach. That was, like, Olivia and Tegan. So, I just said, like, cool, reach back out and we'll get on another call when they're actually wanting to sign up. So, and then, yeah, the one was, she was thinking it was going to be, like, no more than 50 bucks a week. And I was like, well, that's a no-go. And then one could hardly speak English. It was, she just, yeah, she couldn't really understand what I was trying to say. And after a little bit of back and forth, she was like, mmm, don't think this is going to work. And I was like, that's, yeah. So other than that, yeah, everything else was really good.
Kyle Musca: No. Okay. So, yeah. Did you feel like you'll see your dashboard on that?
Imogen Harris: No. Honestly, I am not good with this  ZEA dashboard.
Kyle Musca: I'm not going to lie to you. No, it's okay. I'm getting it, like, improved anyway. So it's not the end of the world. But we'll have a look. We'll fill it out. It's important for us to know these numbers. Okay, so where are at here in April?
Imogen Harris: Yep.
Kyle Musca: The stuff won't matter as much, but let's just run with it. We'll go.
Imogen Harris: Calculate how much cash I got collected while we're getting here, though.
Kyle Musca: So we'll fill this out. Yeah.
Imogen Harris: 300. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Anything you specifically want to cover in this session?
Imogen Harris: Nah, to be honest, I think this week's probably been the best week since we've started. So it's been good. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did you make much progress on the...
Imogen Harris: Masterclass.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Oh, yeah. So I've, like, written, gotten, like, back and forth, obviously, getting, like, the automation side of it, like, the information, but now I just kind of want to go through and, I guess, finalize, like, the transformations, get photos together, and all that kind of stuff to kind of put in as I go.
Kyle Musca: So I'd say, like, 50% done. Yeah. Perfect. Hopefully we only need to make one of these. it's, one, definitely worth spending. Time on anything new, just to sort of play around with it, figuring out.
Imogen Harris: But two, we want to make sure quality is really high. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, next leads in as manager, that's 23 versus 28. Oh, no. so, yeah, total ad bookings was 12.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Todashops was 12. Cost, so sales map was 8. Perfect. So, you can see from this, the... Cost per lead is a little bit higher than it would like, but because everything else in the funnel is so strong, we're sitting very, very nicely, which basically means that the targeting and the messaging and everything like that is bringing in the right type of leads, which is probably the most important thing. Like, there's no point seeing this at, you know, $30 or $40 if, you know, no one shows up to the call, no one has the money to close and, you know, you know what mean? So how much cash collected?
Imogen Harris: Ah, $6,760.
Kyle Musca: And how much was contract value?
Imogen Harris: All, for all of the packages, do you mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so best way to do is total revenue and then just minus the $6,760.
Imogen Harris: So, like, if I made $14,000, you mean this week?
Kyle Musca: Just off new sales, though, so it's like if you sold eight. But have Just add up the total amount of packages, like, if they're all on.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah, hold on. So, one, two, three, four, five, and then plus 12k in total for the week.
Kyle Musca: Are they all on three months?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So one thing I'd love to see you do is just start selling six months.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, I need to get in the habit of doing that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, like, I would just remove three months out of the vocabulary completely, unless, one, they absolutely only need three months, or they just can't afford it. You try to downsell them and everything like that, and it's still not working.
Imogen Harris: I think, kind And the way I've been doing it or wording it to them is like, it's like a three-month minimum term. then if you wish to proceed kind of thing, but yeah. So I'm kind of not necessarily saying it's three months and then you're done. I'm trying to do it like it's a three-month minimum that you kind of have to do it for. But yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would remove that from my vocabulary as well. So that's like lock-in type stuff. Anything lock-in sounds scary. Yeah. So just frame it as like, yeah. So, I mean, yeah, to really get you to where you want to be, realistically, it's probably going to take about six months.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And the package and the price, like you say the package and the price and the duration and everything like that, because it very much implies that this isn't a payment plan, you know, anything like that.
Imogen Harris: It's this amount for this length of time. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: There's no minimum lock. I mean, that implies that's the minimum lock-in time.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Without even saying it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. saying it. Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. anyone argues and it's like. Like, well, why the  would you think I say it's three and half grand for six months if you could cancel after two weeks?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah, cool. Yeah, I'll just obviously double the prices that I've been obviously doing for then the six months and then market it for that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because that is like the single easiest way because like let's say you did do that and instead of all two grand you did $3,500, you know, instead of $12,000, $12,000, you would have made $28,000.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, just by locking them in for three months. Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, I've got a couple of calls tomorrow so I'll just start from then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that simple change would have changed from $7.3 to $17.1.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also, it makes it easy because you don't have to re-sign them after three months.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, it's like less managing, making sure. Yeah, 100%. Yeah, all right, cool.
Kyle Musca: No, it's easy. Easy fix. Perfect. Now, okay, well, things are pumping really, really nicely at the moment. So it's like we might not even have heaps of things to cover.
Imogen Harris: I'm not really sure if we're going to have much to cover on this call, but there you go. Which is a good problem to have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So one thing is like we need to water the grass now that it's green.
Imogen Harris: So one, focusing on the masterclass, getting that up, you already work on that, which is fantastic. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I would potentially look at doing is I'm going to create a new campaign for you, probably turn off this broad one for women more so focused in like mindset and self-development and everything like that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: With making those new graphics. So I just need to finish them and send it.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Now the girls that come to you, like what is it more so gen pop? Is it girls that have had a little bit of training experience under the belt and they want to take things to the next? Level is it girls that are serious about training and they.
Imogen Harris: Whether everyone will get really serious about training. Yeah, no, it's been, like, a lot of mums slash a lot of, like, people doing, like, marathons and then, like, just binging on the weekends and wanting nutrition. Like, I've had a few nutrition only this week, which I hadn't really had, and, like, wanting to obviously still do their classes and . So that's why I've just kind of, like, had that nutrition kind of thing rolling there, which has been fine. But, yeah, it's been a fair few mums, to be honest, which I've never really had that niche, I guess, when I haven't had ads or anything like that. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I don't like marketing directly to mums, simply because it's broke.
Imogen Harris: So I guess, like, people who don't have a lot of time on their hands kind of vibe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Quick and easy and efficient, and, like, that's why they feel like they can't stick to it, is because they've got no time on their hands.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So with our messaging, we just want to talk to who we want to attract. Like, that's... It sounds simple, but, like, you've got to do it in a way that doesn't sound salesy, marketing. So a lot of people would be like, if you're a busy professional or something like that, and to me, that's just, like, you know, if I heard that, would just be like, yeah,  out of here.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's, like, one thing I like doing instead is, like, if you're, you know, if you're a dude that works 40 to 50 plus hours a week and, you know, you've got absolutely zero time, and because of that, your health has taken a little bit of a backseat, then this is for you.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Yeah, like, a bit more detailed rather than just the generic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, mean, the graphics are still pulling through for us, but I think it's probably worthwhile us looking at getting some new ones in. Not necessarily in the ready.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, lot more templates and wording and stuff like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if we have a look at these. Did I write this for you, eh?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So this is your best performing one in this campaign. So some of you can keep waiting for the time to start. And I would say, so the things that are standing out to me here and why the lead quality is so good is because we're attracting people that are less likely to make excuses.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, there's so many of those conversations. Like, I just feel like I keep putting it off and putting it off. And then I've realized, like, it's 's not changing. So that kind of explains why.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's a really important thing to actually, I'm glad you wrote that up. Really, really important thing to do is, like, obviously, listen, but pick up pattern recognition on these calls.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, if you're hearing the same problem over and over and over again, it's like, great, let's use that in the messaging and the marketing. So, like, what... What the main things you're kind of hearing on these calls?
Imogen Harris: It's just like for them, like losing themselves is like the biggest one. Like obviously whether it's to kids or whatever it may be, like they've just like blinked and they've completely lost themselves with how they look and their confidence and stuff like that. And then like, I can't do it on my own. Like they say it literally within like the first few seconds. So like there was a couple that were a little bit hesitant at the end of the call. And then I kind of was just like, well, and kind of just went back to us like, you know, you've kind of told me that you've been trying and it hasn't been working. it's kind of been obviously using that has been good, but yeah, I can't do it on my own. And obviously the confidence losing themselves has been like the other one.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And why do they say they can't do it on their own?
Imogen Harris: Well, that's why I say it. I like, well, what do you feel like is missing? And they're just like, I just feel like I can't keep myself accountable or I just don't know what to do. I said another one, like, I just don't understand nutrition and training. So I just, if I don't know, then I'm not sure what to change.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so lack of knowledge, lack of accountability, consistency, and yeah, accountability, sorry, confidence. Okay, okay. So what I would encourage you to do is just because I want you to get really good at these, is write some of these yourself and just like, let me know, like send them through just and everything like that. The reason I want to encourage you to do this more is just, one, it's obviously a really important skill to have, but two, it 100% authentically comes from you in the way you'd say it. Yeah. And with these, do not use AI at all, just to write them. Yeah. Like even just to like get ideas, because once you get an idea in your head, you keep running with it.
Imogen Harris: And if it's an AI idea, it might not be that. Yeah, I don't, I don't really use AI. I like, I. I like writing my own captions and stuff because I just feel like it just doesn't sound like me at all.
Kyle Musca: So I rarely actually use it, if I'm honest with you. Yeah, that's the way to go.
Imogen Harris: In anything creative writing, anything like that, just frameworks, yes, it works. I'm just like, I can tell when people are just, it's not them. Like, it's just so easy to tell. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you get turned off it, you know what mean? Like, it's just like, yeah. As soon as you see something that's AI, I just stop reading.
Imogen Harris: I'm not reading that.
Kyle Musca: If you can't put the effort into writing it, I'm not going to put the I'm not reading it. So this is the ad graphic framework I like to run with on mine. So I'll send that to you.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I'll start, like, I'll go through, like, listen to some of the calls that I've had as well this week and kind of see if I can pick up some, like, any other words that they constantly kind of throw out. And if it's a common one, then I'll just try and work that into some of the graphics.
Kyle Musca: Did you, do you have them recorded?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you use Fathom or would you use recording?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would even just go through your call, grab the transcripts of them, chuck them into AI, and be like, pick apart the most common patterns and like things that they say.
Imogen Harris: It's a great idea. Yeah, yeah, it's a lot less time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that'd be easier.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, that sounds good.
Kyle Musca: So with this, you'll see that there's the framework itself and then under, have you seen this one before?
Imogen Harris: I feel like you may have shown me at some point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then under is just an example. Now the examples are generic. So it's like the, you know, your version should sound better than the examples.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Obviously. And then there's these frameworks and then these are also frameworks, but they're just a little bit messy.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Just keep it simple.
Kyle Musca: In terms of the layout.
Imogen Harris: Oh, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: But they're still frameworks.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, they're pretty self-expansion, right? I'm looking at X people who are sick of X, Y, Z and want result and secondary outcome. I'm looking at 12 guys who are sick of making excuses and won't get the best physical men's shape of their life. Feature we'll give them, benefit removes, yada, yada. I'll give you structure and guidance. So for you, it might be...
Imogen Harris: Knowledge probably would be one of the words.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll...
Imogen Harris: Once again, something like that.
Kyle Musca: You know, it could be I'll cut out all the noise and give you exactly what you need to do in order to get better results than you ever thought possible.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Just off the top of my head, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that's good. Yeah. I'll miss this weekend.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Then I'll be there. Every step of the way to guide you through the process and keep you accountable and make sure that you actually see it through.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. It's easy, but straight to the point. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you're keen, DME. Yeah. Transform. And I'll show you how I've helped over 400 other women do exactly this.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. No, it's easy. No, it's pretty straightforward.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. frontmarks are safe. And then, you know, you might even want to create one or two and then just send through to me to proofread or something like that. Yeah. And we can go from there.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. No, it sounds perfect. Cool. Amazing.
Kyle Musca: Are you getting much traction organically?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, there's been a bit. I've had a few consult forms. And then, like, for example, if they end up doing a form and then, for example, if it was that night, and then I see that they've done an ad, like, responded to an ad, like, two hours. So, yeah, definitely there's been more conversations. And, like, I had one that signed up this morning. She was like, oh, like, every second girl that I talk to in Makai is coached by you, which I don't know if I can why, because I've never been there, but I do have so many. So that's how she found it. And then she went through the ad as well. So, yeah, there's been a lot more conversation happening, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, awesome. All right. So, all right, the marketing side of things is fantastic. Let's have a look at some other stuff. Is there anything in the business that you're struggling with, like, in terms of coaching, you know, clients dropping off, retention, anything like that?
Imogen Harris: No, I've got two girls that are going to finish, I think, in the middle, one in middle of the next month and one over the end of June, like, for just reasons with jobs out of, like, they're traveling to Greece for a DJ job and just other random . So there's been, like, a couple that are finishing up. Other than that, to be honest, my retention's been also probably the best it's been in a long time. Like, no one's really had any issues at all. Like, if anything, it's... It's the feedback and the response that I've had, especially from the new ones from ads, has been really good, like kind of already testimonials and stuff like that, that I've been able to use on my stories.
Kyle Musca: So it's, yeah, it's been really fine, to be honest. Okay, fantastic. And how are you, did you get a chance to chat to your coach about the new structure?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah. So I re-digged that contract that you sent me as well with everything that I needed to change. Spoke to her about it. She's like, yep, do whatever you need to do. And she said as well, she, because she's closing up her face-to-face PT. She was like, I'll, like, forward them on to you to get on a call if they want to do online as well, so then they can go on to the same package. She's been so good, honestly. So I just said to her, like, probably, because I was finishing up this week once I got the contract back from her, and then I just said, like, moving forward, then I'll probably just start moving clients to her, so then I can just focus on the sales part of it as well.
Kyle Musca: Yep, yeah, fantastic. Okay, the good news is, like, everything's sounding really, really good here.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I know.
Kyle Musca: Without hiccups, which has a lot of potential on it. Wow. Wow. Wow. Okay, a few little things that, do you have an accountability form slash contract? Okay, so, okay, well, let's look at like what happens when a client signs up and goes to the coach, okay? So the way I do this is you're going to be taking the closing call, obviously. So the biggest thing here to prevent buyer's remorse, especially when they're going to be working with a secondary coach and everything like that, so you've got to be a little bit more cautious here, is that they need to understand what the next steps are. So one, on the call, you should explain that to them. I'm going to create a group chat. Where do you message your clients?
Imogen Harris: It's between WhatsApp and the actual app, to be honest. Majority is just through the actual app itself, which makes it so easy. Like I've got a group chat in Everfit as well, which kind of makes it easy.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so can you create a group chat with, you know, you, the coach, and the client?
Imogen Harris: Yes, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, fantastic. So what I do with new clients... For me, it's once they sign up, I send them this message, right? So I can send it to you as well. And you can read all that, right? Be careful on the links you click on, because if you click on that third, these two are fine. But if you click on that third one, I'll take you through to my WhatsApp team chat. You might know.
Imogen Harris: On that one, then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But yeah, so I get them to do an accountability form. Now, this is basically, do you get them to sign a contract or anything?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, so on their onboarding, at the end of it, it's just like, you know, seeing through the package, blah, blah, blah, blah. So I altered it a little bit just so obviously that it was a three-month package at the time. But yeah, there's probably a few tweaks I can make.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And is that form just the contract or is there other questions on it?
Imogen Harris: No, there's other questions. It's all kind of in one. So that's where, like, they put all their nutrition and, like, training.
Kyle Musca: And prehistory injuries, it's all kind of in the same one. Okay, fantastic. Do they physically sign?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So that's basically the same assistant, right? As long as they sign the contract and happy days then, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. I enjoy a form. That's pretty cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I do enjoy a form.
Imogen Harris: Links and stuff like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the second one, if you don't have it already, is basically a video that shows them how to set up, like, the app. And for me, it's an app and WhatsApp. But for you, it's just anything that they need to set up and how to navigate things and everything like that so they know exactly what to expect. Now, with that as well, make sure on the call you tell them about, you know, when they can expect to receive the program. Yeah. And then with the coach, this is the biggest thing, your coach, they need to do an onboarding call within 24 hours.
Imogen Harris: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, because otherwise, what can happen is if they sit there in silence and everything like that. Then they can just overthink and anxiety can build up and then they're like, I want to drop off. But if they can form a connection with the coach and chat to them and everything like that, then, you know, they're more likely to get into it.
Imogen Harris: So I personally do onboarding looms, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but the coach, it's their job. I need to get on a call.
Imogen Harris: She can absolutely do. Yeah, at least it obviously gains the confidence with the client that they're going to be looked after.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's what happens to, so I send that message and then my coach will send this message when I find it, when I find one. Yeah, here. All right. So they send the message with a link to booking an onboarding call.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, beautiful. Okay, cool. That's easy.
Kyle Musca: And then if none of those times work, then obviously just let them know to let you know.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, do you have. Is of a community chat or anything?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, so I've got a, it's like a community forum. It's not like a chat, but it's like a forum. So there used to be a chat, but then when the forum kind of started, the chat kind of died. But I feel like I need to kind of get the chat going. So then there's more communication in it. Whereas on the forum, it's just kind of always me like giving them stuff, but like they don't really post too much in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So have we spoken about this before?
Imogen Harris: No, no.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So fantastic. Yeah. Community is one of the most powerful things that you'll have. A lot more powerful once it's up and running than you'd think. Reason for that is one, for this specific reason, you get them to introduce. So on the call, I'm always like, the third one's, you know, going to take you through the big team chat. Make sure you introduce yourself, break, you know, get used to conversating in there, et cetera, et cetera. Right? Because what will happen there is they'll say like, Hey, I'm Matt. I'm here to lose 15 kilos, yada, yada, yada. And then everyone else will be like, welcome, Matt. You've made such. It's a great decision. This is the best place to be, cetera, et cetera, et Yeah, so they'll feel so much more better, like better about their decision to join if they hear other people in the program say how great it is.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is it's very, very easy to, or not easy, but it's a lot easier to shift cultural norms with inside the community if you've got a team chat. But, example, you could run an internal, so I ran an external challenge and at the same time I ran an internal challenge for the guys already in the team. And basically the internal challenge, yes, it was about progression, but it was also heavily around basically marketing my business, like posting me, tagging me. I didn't say it like that, but, you know what mean, like make Instagram reels of your training, yada, yada, yada, post me on your story, tag me, I'd love to see it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that worked, like I had a guy, again, my demographic's all men, so it's like less likely to post and everything like that than women, but I had a Like every single exercise he would film and put like put on his story and tag me and then he would start like sharing my ads to his story.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, last week she hadn't even  gone on a call yet and she was already like resharing my stuff saying I'm so excited to be coaching by her like and it was I was I've never had that before. was like I haven't even gotten on a  call. Literally it was able to obviously get the two and a half grand up front from her just because of that. But yeah, it was wild.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's like, yeah. And what that will do is if you can get these girls sharing to their stories, you'll get essentially get them to start affiliate marketing for you. And that can be really, really powerful because it's like people trust people they know. You know what mean? So it's like they might only have 2,000 followers, but if it's all their friends and family and they get really good progression and they're constantly posting and tagging you, they'll have people reach out to them like, oh my God, who's, you know, who are you working with?
Imogen Harris: Like your results have been fantastic and everything like that. But yeah, yeah. Honestly, that's how I that's how I guess the side of my business just was with through. Word of Mouth as well. So if I can try and get the new ones, because especially because I've had at least 30 new ones in the last month, like them posting now, it's just going to be a much wider audience.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. So yeah, and then it does go off. Like if you look at mine, I can't even check it. Like it just gets too good.
Imogen Harris: Like sometimes I'll check this in the afternoon and there's like 180 missed messages. Like you're not even like hardly any posting anything as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So to get it up and running. So I, me and my, my coaches and I, so I post every Monday and then one of my coaches will post like a Wednesday win. So I post a Monday motivation message, like hype them up for the week. On Wednesday, the coaches will post a Wednesday win, like shouting a client out for the progression. So they get a bit of a highlight, you know what mean? They feel good about themselves. Um, and then Friday is also a Friday win, but you could do like a Friday flex. could do a Friday food , you know, something like that.
Imogen Harris: I mean,
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just to be honest as well.
Imogen Harris: So that's like easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you'll feel real good about it if you get a good community because you'll see everyone helping each other out and everything like that. It's actually, it's pretty sick.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I love that. Cool. Yeah, I'll do that as often.
Kyle Musca: Now for that, I would create yours probably like if I had to do mine again or all my messaging is on WhatsApp. So I'm happy with it being on WhatsApp. But if yours is like all your messaging is on the actual app itself, then I would probably do yours on Instagram. Just because it's a messaging platform. You want it to be a place where people are often, because if it's on the app, they'll forget about it and they won't think about it. Whereas if it's on Instagram, know, people are always on Instagram. They're always checking their messages and everything like that.
Imogen Harris: So we encourage people to talk more.
Kyle Musca: Plus to, you'll be able to like, if you start getting girls that are tagging you and sharing you on their stories and everything like that, you can share that into the group chat and you can hype them up and encourage that as a normal behavior that the girls on the team do.
Imogen Harris: I love that. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah. I'll make sure I've got all. They're  Instagram handles. I'll message them all and just send a generic message to get the Instagram if don't have it. You should be able to send them a link to join an Instagram chat. Oh, true. I didn't know you could do that. Cool. That makes it 10 times easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that should be good. Like media updates. Yeah, awesome. Perfect. And then the only other thing on these topics is when I get a new client, I give my coaches to do this on the first check-in call, all right?
Imogen Harris: So you can do it on the onboarding call. can do it on the check-in call. It's completely up That made it up at the very beginning, I think, which I have not.
Kyle Musca: Oh, would send this to you.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I wouldn't utilize it, but I need to, especially for Jesse Lee as well. Like I've altered it to kind of suit the brand, but I need to start using that more. So then especially if they're doing six months, it will be able to map out that six months for them much easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. You can always just plant a seed of what's next.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I like it. Now, the other thing as well is with referrals or testimonials, basically the same thing, is anytime they're on a win or they get an emotional high, we always want to look at trying to get a referral, trying to get a testimonial, trying to get an extension.
Imogen Harris: Which we need to do for you as well.
Kyle Musca: I have not forgotten. Yeah, yeah. So it's like, yeah, so it's like, and usually you want them to do, a really good time to do these is usually around the three-week mark if they've done well. Because usually, you know, they drop a lot of weight if they've lost a lot of water weight and they feel fantastic, they're still really highly motivated and everything like that, right? So it's like, if, for example, maybe you've signed someone up on three months that, you know, they need to lose 20 kilos, right? It's not going to take three months to lose that 20 kilos. So it's a fantastic time to be like, especially if they're paid in full or something like that, be like, hey, you know, you're an awesome addition to the team. I love to see you taking this so seriously. You know, it's probably going to take, again, you've got a word of properly. But it's like, do you want to look at We're for three months. If so, we can just continue on the current monthly rate.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, it's like $400 or $500 a month, whatever. And they're like, yeah, sure, let's just do that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. It's a simple slide in then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Or it's like, you're absolutely killing it. You know, one thing I'm really proud of is the community we've built and you're a fantastic addition to it. I usually find that girls that are a really great addition usually have friends that will also be a really great addition. Do you know any friends or family that would potentially be interested in, you know, you know, joining, again, however you were.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. I think as well, because I've got a lot of checking calls now, it allows that conversation to flow a little bit easier without it being so direct. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's also something I would really drill into a coach about as well is trying to make sure she's making those asks. I even set a reminder for myself every few weeks to keep reminding my coaches about it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Make sure you're asking for referrals.
Imogen Harris: Or else make sure you're asking the testimonials. Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. Yeah. No, it's easy. If I was to get like video testimonials and stuff like that, would they just be used as like apps in the future kind of thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can use them for a heap of different stuff.
Imogen Harris: You know, if we ever do a landing page.
Kyle Musca: One thing I've done in the past before is retarget anyone that's messaged me in the last seven days. So it's like if anyone comes through and inquires from an ad, they either see the testimonials and I can try and, you know, always encourage them to continue on. Or if they've booked a call and they're sitting there, then they're constantly seeing how great, you know, you are essentially.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. There's a heap that I know that would be able to do video testimonials very easily after some of the conversations this week as well. So I might plant the seed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then I do have a testimonial template for that's kind of like what I sent you, but for clients.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Amazing. All sounds very good. Yeah. I want to say like, wow, this week's gone. So it's allowed me to be a little bit more confident in the sales process, I think, this week as well, which obviously, like, just listening to, like, Bree's, like, sales calls as well, I think they helped a lot, just kind of give context, like, obviously, female to female as well. So that was really good. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Getting to see how good coaching calls go.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I'm really excited for it, actually. It'll be good to, because that's the bit, I was even talking to Caitlin about it yesterday, that's the bit for me that I've not, I wouldn't say, struggle, but I always get uncomfortable trying to sell myself, like, that's probably the hardest bit for me. So even, yeah, just having that direction to work on will be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the way I like to think about it there is you're not necessarily selling yourself, it's like, if you've spoken to a girl and you know she needs to change, she knows she needs to change, and you're confident in your ability to help her get to where it won't be, then you should almost feel obligated to make sure that she sees it through.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yeah, it's been, um. yeah, a lot better this week, having conversation. There hasn't actually been really any rebuttals at all. So that's been even easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome. Um, perfect. Okay, cool. Um, is there anything else you want to sort of chat about? Things are going really well at the moment. Sounds like it's kind of like a training program. I mean, if you don't have training shapes of .
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Honestly, I was coming into the school, didn't think we'd actually go through that much. Just so just me, I'll get the graphics sorted and I'll start, I'll keep going with that masterclass. And then, um, start that group community call chat thing as well. And then go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Awesome. Um, if you have any questions on any of that, just let me know. Um, otherwise. Yeah. We'll just keep killing. Yeah. Well, thank you. appreciate you being awesome. No worries. Yeah. I'll talk to you soon. Awesome. Enjoy the rest of the day. Chat soon. Bye.


>>> 183/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-24T05:57:32Z | id:140759520
People: Kyle Musca

Michael Cui: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey bro, how you going?
Michael Cui: Yeah, good man, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good, what's going on?
Michael Cui: Not too much, it's , it's  raining over here on the GC.
Kyle Musca: Nice, cool work. Well, Matt, we'll rip right in. I read through your checking form, but how's this week going?
Michael Cui: Yeah, pretty good overall, in terms of just like the things that I've gotten done and everything. Probably one of the better weeks, which is always  handy, but yeah, overall, not too bad.
Kyle Musca: Yep, cool, man. We'll have a look at some of the content you did. I know the biggest thing right now, as you said on the check form, is just the lead flow and everything like that. So, the main avenues of lead flow, obviously from our content and everything like that. The second one is going to be... Referrals, right? And the third one is going to be affiliate marketing, which is, I guess, in a sense of referrals, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You can do cold outreach, but I don't really like cold outreach. It's a bit gay and just takes too much time. Also makes you come across as a little bit desperate and everything like that. So the easiest one for you, I would say, is probably going to be referrals. In terms of like organic, the other thing right now is in Australia, like because of all the negative media around, you know, oil and cost of living and everything like that, it's just not a great time for coaches across the board. Because realistically, coaching is like a luxury, right? You don't need coaching. If you're sort of scrapped for cash, it's not a top priority. Hopefully that comes down. But how, I know, I know we speak about this a little bit, but how often are you kind of asking your guys for. Referrals in the team?
Michael Cui: Probably, like, every second or third week.
Kyle Musca: Are you getting many people out of that saying that you potentially have someone keen?
Michael Cui: Like, a bit. think, like, last week when you asked me, I was asking mainly on, like, in the check-ins, but have been asking more just, like, in messages as well, but not, like, a whole lot has, like, ends up coming from it. I think majority of the referrals I do end up getting from it are obviously, like, you know, maybe a couple weeks after or a couple days after I ask.
Kyle Musca: How are you asking for these referrals?
Michael Cui: It's just kind of, like, hey, bro, like, would you know of anyone who's keen or, like, hey, bro, like, you've been killing it as of recent, like, do you have any mates or anyone that would be keen on something like this?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. And is it... Is it like, are you in conversation when you ask that or is it out of the blue?
Michael Cui: Typically like in conversation. Like I think the last time I did this was two weeks ago. So it'd be this week again. But a lot of them are just like, oh yeah, bro, like I'll have a sass, I'll ask around or I'm not too sure, man. But if I know, like if I think of anyone, like I'll let you know. It's like, that's typically like the responses off the back of it.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So I would try and if it was me, I would try and lead conversation into it by saying like, you obviously just chatting to them and everything as normal, but then try to bring up their mates, you know, for it's like, have you got any sort of mates or anything like that that are into the gym? You know, any family members or anything like that? Yes, no, yada, yada. How about like people that you potentially know that could, you know, maybe be interested in getting into the gym? You got any like friends or family or anything like that? They've kind of brought up that they might sort of, you know, be interested in something like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you know, oh, yeah, my mate was sort of like chatting to her about it, yadda, yadda, yadda. I'm like, cool. Well, I mean, you know, it's hard for people to obviously get into the gym and stay consistent with it. Do you reckon you'd potentially be keen on like joining the team just to help with that sort of structure and accountability? Oh, you might do. I could ask. Cool, bro. Yeah, I mean, if you ask like and he joins, obviously, you know, you get $250, $150, you know, cash or something just for referring or something, you know what mean? So you just casually bring it up in conversation. But then the biggest thing there is like a day or two later, like when are you seeing him next time, man? Tomorrow, this afternoon, whatever. Day or two later, whenever they say, then message him like, hey, bro, how to go chatting with you, mate?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Like you need to follow up with him because otherwise they'll forget.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Oh. Sorry, man, I forgot. I'll send him tomorrow. I'll ask you next day. Hey, bro, how'd you go chatting with the mate?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then from there, depends how  lazy and  they are as well. If they just don't do that, the other thing you could also do is just be like, oh, what's his number, bro? I'll just swing him a message and see if he's potentially king.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Ideally, they have the chat with their mate or they like, because all they need to do is basically tell their mate that you're going to be messaging in some form or way. Their mate just needs to kind of know who you are.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: And then you get the contact details and you reach out.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. And have you asked everybody? Like every two weeks, are asking every single one of your clients?
Michael Cui: Yeah, pretty much.
Kyle Musca: How are you going about like that in terms of how does the conversation start and what are you reaching out with them and everything like that?
Michael Cui: Typically conversation for the most part would be off like the back end of like the check-in being sent. And then if they have any questions, they send the questions and then kind of like what I said before about like, oh, like you've been killing it X, Y, Z, X, Y, Z. They're like, do you have any friends or do you know of anyone that'd be potentially keen on something like this as well? But yeah, I'd say like it's, yeah, about every two to three-ish weeks. I know like one thing that I did like way back, way back when I was with Cade, who was kind of like... Like, you should ask everyone, like, who their, like, number one, like, supporter is or some  with, like, their training or whatnot. And then just be like, oh, like, I want to send them some free stuff. Same sort of thing that you just said where you get the contact details and just, like, hey, like, let them know that I'll reach out. Reach out. Hey, XYZ gave me your contact details. Because, here's, like, because at that point, like, I had, like, a meal plan, like, , like, little e-book or whatever, and I'd send that through. And then he was just, like, you should just offer, like, a chat off the back end of that to, like, answer any questions or whatever they have surrounding, like, training and fitness. And then just as soon as they agree to that chat, after you answer questions at the start, it just goes into a sales call off the back end.
Kyle Musca: You could do that. Did that work?
Michael Cui: Like, it did a little bit.
Kyle Musca: You could do that. I mean, the idea there is just to start the conversation, really. So it's like, however you start that conversation, it's fine. Just start the conversation.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing you can do, like a twist on that, is just like, bro, give me three to five of your mates and I'll send them this. You know what mean? Like, instead of saying who's your biggest supporter, because like, you know, usually mates don't really support mates going to the gym, you know what mean? Like they do, but they don't discourage or anything, but it's not like they're going to be  hyping you up.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, yeah, bro, I've just put together this sort of recipe pack and I want to kind of get it out there just to get some feedback on it as well. You might shoot me like three to five of your closest mates, bro, and I'll just send it to them.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? Something like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Phrase maybe a little bit better, but along those lines.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing you could potentially do, man, is if you've got some clients that, you know, do post on, I mean, all clients, you could even try this with them, get them to try and post something on their socials, on their story or something. Basically, again, you'd have to chat to them about how you do this, but basically trying to get them to post something about, you know, hyping your service up or just want to thank Michael for the results. I highly recommend, if any of you are keen, to get a hand or something like that. Again, make sure it's worded better, but essentially what I'm trying to say is they post a story and you give them the URL and they add the application form link there for them.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does it make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And just directly ask me, hey, bro, I'm looking to take on a couple more clients and you've obviously been killing it. Would you mind doing me a favor and just like potentially chucking someone on your story, maybe like a little bit of a testimony, transformation, something like that, man. And then just adding this as a link. So if anyone is keen on getting a bit of coaching as well, they can always apply. And if they do join, I'll give you two weeks of coaching free or something like that. So if you get three minutes to join, man, I'll give you six weeks of coaching absolutely free.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: What you could do, especially with that, is tie it into the end of month thing. So it's like, hey, bro, I'm looking to take on a couple of new clients for me. You've obviously been killing it. And I find clients that come through, existing clients, usually the best ones to work with or something, justify why you're saying it. You know. Would you mind, potentially, and then, again, go into whatever I just said about putting up on your story?
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, I'll give that a rip this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you can get people doing that decently often. That should help for sure.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because that kind of ties into both the referral and the affiliate. And if someone joins through an affiliate thing, man, I would put it into the group chat as well. I just wanted to welcome, you know, Sarah. She's a friend of Rachel's to the team. Very, very keen to see how far we can take it. And I want to give a special shout out to Rachel for bringing in an absolute legend. As a special thanks to, I'm giving Rachel two weeks for it. I'm giving her 150 bucks, whatever your referral thing is. Make it publicly known that is what happens. And also, by doing that as well, by publicly shouting out someone for doing something like that, it rewards the behalf. So some people might be more incentivized to do it just to get like a little bit of a highlight or a little bit of a spotlight rather than the financial incentive.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Now, I would, in terms of lead flow as well, I would heavily, heavily start pushing everything you put out over the next couple of days. It should be about taking clients on for May.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So 1st of May is next week on Friday. So you've got seven days to really basically push like I'm taking on, because again, this is genuine urgency, you know what I mean? It doesn't really  matter that it's May, could be middle of April, right? But because it's May, it's kind of a deadline, like it's a start of a new month. So just psychologically, people read that differently. So it's like I'm opening up four spots, I'm opening up four spots for May, and I'm looking for some, I'm looking for... Depends if you go male and female, but I'm looking for, I'm opening up four spots for May. Now, if you're looking to lose 8 to 12 kilos over the next 90 days without, you know, again, this comes down to your clientele, but like without, you know, paying. So without giving up your social life or whatever, this is for you. If you're keen to learn more, DM me, XYZ or apply here. So similar to how we do our regular CTAs, but just putting it up around May more, you know what mean? Pushing the fact that it's specifically for May.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would also put that in your like CTAs on your videos as well.
Michael Cui: You know I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of that stuff?
Michael Cui: No, no, that don't make sense.
Kyle Musca: What you could do, do you, a lot of the people that join. And join, do they have like a partner, like a boyfriend, a girlfriend, anything?
Michael Cui: Honestly, I'm not entirely sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because that's also a thing. So how much are you charging at the moment?
Michael Cui: $4.50 a month.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what you could potentially do there is go, you know, again, this comes down to the affiliate thing. Go have a chat with people. Try and, again, you can't just go in with a direct ask out of the blue. Like you have to kind of like weasel your way in there and kind of ask questions to maneuver it. But, for example, a great one there would be like I've just brought out new couples, right, where, you know, if you could do this with mates as well, whatever it applies to, right? But if you and your, let's say, to do, like if you and your girlfriend want to do this together, not only will it obviously help to keep you a lot more accountable, but I'll give you both a 20% reduction. you both 10 10 I'll I'll Essentially 40% off total. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because that could work pretty well. I would also keep that in mind, you know, on your sales calls and everything like that, because that's a great time to ask is when someone signed up.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You if they've just signed up, you know what mean? Make sure you do it after they pay and everything like that. But like, you know, by the way, man, like I always find that, you know, when you have sort of an accountability buddy or someone there doing it with you, it helps to keep people. You know, obviously more accountable. Just out of curiosity, bro, who do you know that would potentially, you know, be able to be that person for you? Oh, X, Y, Z. Okay. I mean, would they potentially be keen on, you know, joining the team and doing something similar to what you're doing? Oh, maybe I could ask. Yeah, cool, man. And then when are you speaking next? Okay. That's great. Just so can make a note, like when are speaking to them next? Fantastic. And then just follow them up.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you could even do, what you could even do there is like, especially on sales calls and everything like that, same situation. Yeah. Yeah, cool, man. Like if you, I do a special deal. If you refer a mate and they join within the first seven days of you joining, you'll both get a 20% reduction.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So add a deadline. So they have to go do it then. You could also do that, like, again, even for the referral stuff around that, you could do it for, again, May. I'm running a special offer. If you want to, if you bring in a mate that joins before May, you'll both get a 20% reduction in your, in your package.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: They have to join before May.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Now that's different to just going up on your story and saying, I'm discounting things for you. You know, if you join before May, it's 20% discount. We're not discounting, right? We're adding a reduction because they're bringing in extra work.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Any questions on that stuff?
Michael Cui: No, that also makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. How is the community chat going? Is it picking up?
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, slowly. I sent in that challenge thing earlier today for the month of May as well. But yeah, in general, like I've been a little bit more active in there as well. And I've just started messaging, like just before I hopped on this, I was starting to message kind of everyone like individually to shoot them a text to kind of get them to be a little bit more active in the chat and like just take part in some more stuff and just have that kind of heart-to-heart conversation, I guess, with them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Love you, Um, but we move on. Anything else you want to cover in that realm of referrals?
Michael Cui: Nah, like that, all that referral stuff, like it, it's all pretty straightforward. Like it makes sense what you're saying. Like I'm not really confused about anything you've just said. I probably just go back through it. Like if after you can send me the link again, I'll probably just go back through it and go through it again.
Kyle Musca: But nah, that'll make sense. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. A lot of the time with referral, just comes down to making the ask and re-asking and then re-asking.
Michael Cui: know what I mean? Yeah, of course. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Let's review the content side of things. Stop using straps when you're training back. You know that's not true. Why are you still watching and acting like I'm about to explain myself? Your forearms are just like any other muscle in the body. If you want them to grow and if it really bothers you that much, please, please just train them separately. If I hear one more person say, I don't use straps when I train back because I want to grow my forearms, I actually might crash out. If you want some... What did I just watch? On a side note, let's quickly ignore the fact he's using all the planks in the gym, but for all of you guys who want to say leg extensions are bad for your knees or lifting heavy is bad for your knees and your joints, I guarantee you this guy's... Needs are more resilient than yours. In order for our people to be careful, know for a fact your chicken is probably dry as and probably tastes like . I know for a fact your chicken is probably dry as and probably tastes like  too. So in less than 45 seconds, I'm going to fix this problem for you forever. So come over to your oven. Not too sure what this setting is here, but it's this one. And we're going to set the temperature to roughly 225 degrees Celsius. Come over to your tray, lay your chicken breast out, use your seasoning of choice. If it's not the same thickness, give the meat a bit of a beat and you're going to be sweet. Chuck it in the oven, 10 to 15 minutes, pull it out, flip each chicken breast, put it back in the oven for another 10 minutes, and then pull it out, whip out your meat thermometer, put it in the thickest part of each breast, and as long as the reading is over 73 degrees Celsius, you are chilling. We cannot be risking no salmonella around here. So that one was just a lot of talking without a lot of visuals.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what I'll probably do there is... I you could do a version of... No, for a fact, your chicken is probably dry as and probably tastes like  too, so in less than 45... You could probably do, like, the talking head one there, but if you're going to show, you know, in terms of putting in the oven and everything, I would film that and just voice over that part.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Especially with recipes, like, if you're going to make a recipe or, like, any kind of nutritional stuff, you need to show it.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's all that one. I'm quite lean at the moment, and I'm the most jacked I've ever been. Okay, so that was that last week, and then there's carousels, I assume.
Michael Cui: Yeah, I think I've got one or two in there. But one was just kind of just like a  random one. That one was the more like the text on screen carousel.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so how are you feeling with these carousels?
Michael Cui: Like, what do you mean?
Kyle Musca: In terms of, I guess, a bit more lifestyle one, in terms of just getting used to posting and everything like that.
Michael Cui: Oh, yeah, they're, like, they're sweet to post. Like, I don't really have, like, an issue with them as much anymore. think, like, similar thing that I said to you a couple weeks back, I always notice that, like, when the carousel... It was more about me, like about something like I did or I've done or that I went through. Like it's always does slightly better, but was just, yeah, trying to suss out using like different, I guess, like quote unquote hooks or first slides for the carousels.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so one thing I'd love to start seeing you do is, one, I think that one of the biggest sort of pitfalls with your content is it needs to be more polarizing.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I know we've spoken about this before, but, like, there needs to be a reason for people to want to keep watching. Like, you've got to remember, these people are swiping through Instagram, seeing all this other ridiculous , whether it be gym-related or in general. And it's like, if you're not talking about or showing something that's super highly relevant to them or, you know, something that people are going to be very, very opinionated on, then it's going be very, very hard for you to sort of stand out amongst that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So... And then the other thing I think to do as well is just to aim to get more social proof, and I know we've spoken about this as well, but to those videos and finding the style of video where it makes sense to get that social proof in there. So, you know, for example, I don't know, did you see this video?
Michael Cui: Yeah, I did.
Kyle Musca: All right, so I used it as a way to plug two clients as an example of how, you know, it's possible to build that type of physique within a year of training. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But even, you know, again, if you come and look at my fee, bro, you'll see that the ones that are, I guess, more polarizing are the ones that do a lot better. Like, this has nothing to do with, I guess, health and fitness. Did you see this one?
Michael Cui: Yeah, I did.
Kyle Musca: All right. It has nothing to do with health and fitness, but it is easily one of my best performing reels within the last week or so. Yeah, 250K, 43K. You know what mean? And then I give one more education. Even stuff like this. Don't get broke trying to play husband at a young age. You know what mean? It's not just like bland fitness related, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? I'm not saying you have to go down the avenue of that type of stuff, but like it needs to be, you need to kind of go against the grain.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, even something like this, right? Yeah. Because this is more fitness related, right? But it's talking about, one, I said two things. One, it doesn't take long to transform. But the second thing is like, you know, we... Living in a society, social media has pushed the fact that you need balance in order to lose weight. Balance is just  cope for why you're not making results. I didn't say that, but something along those lines. Very polarizing, you know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which means people are going to stick around to either listen to your opinion or not listen to your opinion. They just want to argue. Either way, it's fine. And you'll know it's polarizing if you're able to get a lot of comments on it. You know what 260, 16, 53. mean, that didn't even do crazy engagement-wise, but still 53. 284. That was obviously not fitness-related at all, but 656. You know what I mean? So, like, you want people to comment and you want people to talk on it, right? So, I think that's probably... I think that... Would be a heavy focus for you over the next week, is obviously the social group, but find some reels that are polarizing, like are more than just... We know this might land me in some , but why are we demonizing low-calorie diets? The thing that statements like this fail to consider is that everyone's built different... Since I was a kid, I've been a Yeah, I've been a kid. So, for example, like something like this would be great because basically I wrapped this video and said, like, if you look like this after five years of training, you're doing something wrong. You know what mean? It's polarizing.
Michael Cui: It's against the grain. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because you are doing something wrong. You look like this after five years of training. You know what I mean? And again, like, I actually use this as similar to this where I use it as a means to show client transmations.
Michael Cui: You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Point of view, you're not ugly, you're just fat, polarizing. Like, that's what I'm looking for in a reel. I don't want to just react to a reel for the sake of it. I want to react to something that people care about. So if fat people can't be fitness instructors, then I'm going to can't coach NFL anymore, right? Polarizing. Like, almost, you can react to, you can react in a polarizing way, but at the same time, I'm also trying to find a polarizing piece of content.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, this could just come down to your algorithm and what's showing you and everything like that. But. You know, in this video, it was like, you've changed, bro. And I basically came in and said, like, you know, the only people that say that are just, like, absolute losers who haven't done anything with their life.
Michael Cui: Yeah, I think I've seen that one, actually.
Kyle Musca: You know what And that's not to say, like, just because I've been saying polarizing doesn't mean I'm saying come in there and just start, like, hating. Like, I say that in this video, like, that one. It's like, I'm not hating on this guy, but the reality is you can definitely build this type of physique in a year.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, you know, you get 100% achievable naturally, definitely possible, and you get retards. Like, it depends on your starting point. So, obviously, mate.
Michael Cui: You're wrong, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you're wrong. What's average genetics? I don't know about this take. 100%, 1,000% achievable. I'm on the fence, then he agreed with me, 100% achievable, completely agree, you know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, again, it's polarizing. There's people that agree and people that don't agree. And if you don't have that happening in your comment section, then it's like, well, it's a good indicator it's not polarizing. You know what mean? Because everybody's agreeing with you, therefore nobody cares.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Wow. Because, and that's the other thing, because the volume's definitely up. You said you got 13 posts done in the last 14 days, which is great. But it's like, again, there's a threshold between quantity and quality. You know what We don't want to just be getting posts up for the sake of getting posts up. We want to be getting posts up that have meaning.
Michael Cui: That still have that quality backing them, behind them. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because it's, what's going on here? Like this is, you know, this is probably a good example out of everything here. Because this is probably something you could put on a story for sure, but unless you're showing the full meal prep and how to actually cook and stuff, it's probably not real worthy, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So, that's a good question to ask. What do you feel like would be better? Is, instead of... If trying to do, you know, 14 posts a day, a week, maybe we instead aim for 10, but we spend more time on making sure those 10 are really good quality. Do you feel like that would be plausible or do you feel like realistically it would just mean same quality, but we're just both less?
Michael Cui: No, it could probably be plausible.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's like, and again, I would just have really good like laid out structure for this. You know what mean? Have your easy ones that, again, are more virality-driven. So something like this that shouldn't take too long to react to. And then have, again, something like, you know, these video ones. mean at the moment. That's a voiceover, which definitely should be in it. But like something like this, for example, where it's the trending set. Because how long does it take you to make one of these?
Michael Cui: Nah, not long at all.
Kyle Musca: Maybe like 10 minutes. Yeah. So like have a couple of them, you know, if that's doing, if those two are doing 50% of the, or even 70% if you're doing, oh, probably 60%, you know, let's say 60%, right? And then you're probably even less if you're only posting 10. Because it's like, you should have three good talking ones and maybe two voiceovers. I mean, yeah. Then it's like, even something like that, you could do something like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That was a bit weird. wouldn't do that. Even if we go to Cade. See, this is a good cry as opposed to Cade's actually quite good at carousels.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I started my diet the worst possible time because all this is doing is belief breaking. So everything he's going to go into right now is about how, you know, starting at the worst time is actually when you should start because X, Z.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I was overseas in Japan with my girlfriend who just finished five-month prep. These were my first check-in picks. Random hotel in Japan. I was in the middle of a holiday right before Christmas and New Year's. Most sort of thought, it's not the time. I'll start next. Yeah. Maybe, you know, yada, yada, yada. I just need to get back in a routine first. These are the exact thoughts and excuses that got me in the first place. There's nothing, there's never going to be a right time. There's always going to be a holiday or events or works or fuel prices, right? So take this as sign. There's no right time. Life will come. Your excuses will always be there. So I did something to change it regardless. You know what mean? Just breaking beliefs is all that is. It also helps it for you to girlfriend and collaborate. But other than that, he doesn't get crazy engagement. You're probably fatter than you think. Everyone didn't do that well, but you could have a look at it. It's the same photos over and over again as well.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, who's someone else that's good at this? Why are people charged in- I feel like Adam's stepped back in terms of his content quite a lot, but it definitely helps if you've got a couple million dollars to spend. Um, who's someone besides, um, Declan that you like?
Michael Cui: Um, I don't know. I don't really want, like, I don't really like watch many people on Yeah.
Kyle Musca: See, I would say that's also a bit of a problem as well, because you've got to spend the time consuming content, but in the mind of a producer.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Because otherwise, if you're not seeing what's working for other people, you can't extract ideas.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Until obviously you get good enough that you can create your own ideas, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: So it's like that's also something that, you know, I'd focus more on is watching what works and analysing what works.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'm trying to think of someone who's kind of good in it. In that situation. Well, who's one of the first people to come to mind when you think, you know, they're kind of similar to me and have a good coaching business?
Michael Cui: Probably Cal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So for Cal, I mean, his physique obviously sells itself.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But even still, yeah, even something like that, I guess. That's easy to create. Failure again, please. So you accept failure in the gym because you know it's optimal for two, right? But for some reason... You fear it in every other aspect of your life. Think about that for a second. Say that again, please. So you accept failure in the gym because you know it's up. So Kyle's a bit unique because it's, again, his physique is going to massively sell itself.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Even Bree's a good example of this, actually. She doesn't get very, like, big engagement on her profile. But, like, when girls see her stuff and come to her stuff, they're like, I just love everything that you put out there and everything like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, um... You're either going to love me or you're going to hate me after what I'm about to say. Let's just say you've been thinking about making... So, I mean, I don't know if she's the best example, maybe for you, because it doesn't directly apply to your audience and how you come across. I'm trying to think of someone that's like kind of similar. I mean, Aaron's probably a pretty good example, you know? Aaron does really well organically because he floods his account with social proof and his physique, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that was just photos, didn't realise that. Let's not do one on holiday. Like, again, he doesn't get crazy amounts of engagement, but Don't read the chat, Disney. It's on me if I stand on the street. I need a pack to land on me. All cats don't land on feet. Yeah, man.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: With rise in popularity of redditrutide and peptides in general, super important to note that most lads aren't even eating enough. Five times out of ten, if a lad comes to me and he's trying to lose weight, he's telling me it's too much food to even fit in. Most of you aren't even hitting your protein targets. Now, it's important to realize that redditrutide is a GLP-1. This will suppress your appetite and it will make you not need to eat food. It's important to educate yourself, okay? Understand how to... Now, again, these aren't virality-driven posts, but they're posts that when someone comes on, there's just no doubt that he's a coach. You know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, there's no... Yeah. It's just physique, talking, lifestyle. Kind of seeing this, you kind of start to realize that not many people post heaps of content, Harry is probably pretty similar to Kyle in terms of how he goes about it.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you know Harry?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. But. At 23, I bought it all just to make sure. At 23. For Harry, it's probably all physique, really. Because I've just started working with him, and that does sell itself to a degree, but if you can get some personality in there, then fantastic.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is probably. As well. I was just going to say how clean each of the thumbnails looks, but yours are pretty clean.
Michael Cui: Yeah, and like the only time I kind of post my own physique is like in transformation videos and stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: Like these ones?
Michael Cui: Yeah, or like, yeah, just like overall, just the transformation, like edits and stuff is kind of the only time I'll post my physique.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well. What was that one you did before? Even, yeah, I would probably do more of these styles as well. Like what you just said.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because again, that's pretty much similar to exactly what Harry does. Same thing, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: They're all pretty similar. Can I hear you all kind of basing? You know, even something like that. But again, like he doesn't talk in any, like I recommend you doing some talking ones, but like if he can have his entire feed of non-talking ones where it's just physique and transformation and everything like that, you know what mean? Like you can definitely get out there quite a lot. Like there's so many different trends out there. There's so many different audios and stuff that you could use for it that like, don't feel bad about rinsing and repeating, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course. I think, yeah, that probably was like my, like bigger thing I just didn't, like in my head anyway, I was like, , I don't want to be posting like the same , like every  day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I mean. Even Emily used to do that, I think. Right?
Michael Cui: Yeah, I remember I used to see, like, all her, like, text, all, like, the text and caption videos and, like, the transformations, like, as the video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and it was like, it's just the same thing.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, obviously, they're posting their physique more. I, Emily's kind of similar to, girls can do it a lot easier than guys can as well, because girls just have to be, like, lean and, you know, fit for them to post physique, where it's like, dudes have to be  roided to the gills to really make sense to. Purely post-exec. In order for our people, our potential, we had to remove that. Also important to note that when you get a client or you get an application stuff, make sure you ask them what made them reach out. Because ideally, we want to pick up a pattern of what pieces of content was the thing that made them reach out.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Well, so, you know, this one did well and it's like, you know, 190 likes and it's a physique and just a training thing. Yeah. Yeah, I think I remember we went through that the other week and you were just like, if anything, I might just put like text on screen saying like what it is you're  doing in that video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, again, also come back and analyze what did do well, do more of that. That did well, that did well.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This did well as well. That's obviously the less value type thing.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, but the funny, you know, the funny one still did well. So it's like, that did really well. See, that did really well, man. again, and, okay, nice. Yeah. So I would also double down on those types of videos.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Those, those two specifically.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Just like more like physique and like training stuff, I guess, like about myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Your transformation, your journey, all that stuff.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah. I think like the last couple of like transformation videos I've done, I've all been like fat to now. Um, but like the skinny to now ones also do quite good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And you've got both, you know what mean? Like, which is, you know, who has, there's not many people that are both.
Michael Cui: Yeah. I've done that to myself, but.
Kyle Musca: Um, like, yeah, if you see, if you see, like, for this, for example, if you see a trend where, you know, it's on the way up and everything like that, get that turned around so quick. Because if you can get on the up, like on, on the rise of a trend, it's pretty much guaranteed that it will go successful.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You just need to be like very, very on top of it.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Um, and that will naturally bring in people because like, yeah, yeah, the skinny one definitely seems to go better than the fat one. I guess that was that one. But even that's a really value. mean, like, those have consistently been your best performing ones where they actually have value in terms of, you know, you're not just sort of making a joke out of something.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. Cool, right? Any questions on any of that stuff?
Michael Cui: Nah, nah, no questions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, ideally, obviously, we'd love to keep up the 14 posts a week, but if you have to dial it down a little bit just to focus on, you know, improving that quality a little bit more, and I guess the polarity and the value that comes from it, or the inspiration, motivation type thing that comes from it, like, you know, in these types of videos, then that's what I would do. Like, we're probably veering too much on the side of volume, and that's starting to, from what it seems, sacrifice quality a little bit too much.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Come on. Super, is there anything else you want to touch base on at all?
Michael Cui: Nah, nah, not really. That was kind of the only things for me this week.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. But yeah, if you push heavily around sort of May and starting May, you should get a few people interested out of that if you really push it.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, bro. If you have any other questions in the meantime, just feel free to sing out.
Michael Cui: Yep. Easy, guys. No stress.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right, bro.
Michael Cui: Enjoy the rest of the day. Enjoy your weekend. Yeah. Easy, bro.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Cheers, man.


>>> 184/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-29T04:51:20Z | id:141954833
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Hey, what's happening, legend? This meeting is being recorded.
Ben Moore: Mate, just living the dream, eh? smashing over the So yeah, going well, mate.
Kyle Musca: Going well. It's been good. Good couple of weeks. Yeah. Nice, man. That's what I like to hear.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We'll dive right into it, man. Yeah, cool. Did you get a chance to fill out that check-in form?
Ben Moore: I did. I only did it about 15 minutes ago. Apologies for that. It's been  big days. You'll see in the check-in form I went through it.
Kyle Musca: It's been hectic. It sounds like it's been a good type of big days, which is fantastic.
Ben Moore: Yeah, man. It has been good.
Kyle Musca: How are you going, like, client-wise, getting so many leads, like, taking the sales calls in and doing the fulfillment?
Ben Moore: I'm okay with it for now, but, like, even, like, how long our turnaround time is starting to just, like, extend a little bit, which the clients are good. Like, they're pretty good, like. All the guys that we've had come on now, they're just legends. So they're pretty good with it. But yeah, it's just I'm finding like it's really hard. Like one of our clients today, had a sales call that went  30 minutes too long. And he's  on boarding call was 30 minutes later than it was supposed to be. So it's just like little  like that. like it's not real good for them. Lucky he's a legend. like, oh, don't stress me out. get it. But yeah, it's just like little  like that that I'm struggling with a little bit. So it's probably okay for now. I think we're almost at 40 clients. So we're pretty like check-ins on Friday is going to be a big  day. So yeah, just probably looking. I think the next step to scale, because I want to stay on sales calls as long as I can. But I think the next step to scale would be to get someone in to help out, take the 40 off, be an assistant. I'll talk to current clients about it, which should be good. And then, yeah, with them taking on some new clients so I can open up Fridays and Mondays. It's where I usually have check-ins and catch-ups and get there. That would give us another  15 sales calls a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, I think if you're getting the lead flow that you are consistently, which it looks like it definitely is, to me, that's the biggest thing, hiring someone. So it's like the last thing you want to get to the point of is like you're limited because you're the one that's still in fulfillment. And it's like you can take more sales calls, but you couldn't service those clients, if that makes sense.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: So I don't know why I'm on a job of forms being a real prick. It's not sending me what need it to do. The other thing, while we're waiting for that, is that coming through? Why is it not coming through? Anyway, I updated the CEO dashboard as well. So what I'll do is I'll you that before I forget. So for the most part, it's pretty similar.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just a little more advanced. So let me show my screen.
Ben Moore: I like that.
Kyle Musca: So all this stuff is still the same, right? All the organic.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What about it is a lead magnet section just so we can have a little bit more clarity of tracking once we get into that.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then at the bottom, you'll see all the different like income and expenses logs and everything like that.
Ben Moore: Oh, that's so good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's all in one. Yeah. Play around with it.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Have a look at that. Oh, yeah, man. would have been a . Yeah. So just helps keep tracking everything. It's all pretty straightforward. Yeah. That's good. I like that. like having it laid out like that because I've got about 500 different places where she gets tracked and it gets  frustrating because I've named them all the same bloody thing. It's  stupid. stupid. It's It's Thank Half my issue, but yeah, no, that's cool.
Kyle Musca: Do you have, again, so it's not so bad when you're the coach because it's like you don't need to track as many different things because you're kind of like wearing all the hats still, you know what's going on with everything. Yeah. Once you bring on a coach and everything like that, like I've got the active client sheets and everything like that just to help keep track of everything. Yeah. What, do you have a VA on board?
Ben Moore: I don't, man. I don't, and it's probably something I need to do. I'm just never, I've never known how to find one, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they're worth their weight in gold just because you're paying like, again, like a set of like six USD an hour and they just do all this  for you.
Ben Moore: They do all the tedious tasks that take forever and just  annoying.
Kyle Musca: Best place I'd find for that type of thing specifically is probably Upwork.
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Is the outsourcing one I find that is the most reliable. What I do is I got into a club. I just get it to, I tell it exactly what I want it, like the job description I'm looking for. When you go to post a job in Upwork, it does have like a AI generator based off the thing you give it, but it's very sort of basic. So I like to put it all through Claude, make sure it's real in-depth so it knows exactly what I'm trying to do. I find that's definitely where you find the most talented people.
Ben Moore: Okay, cool. Yeah, we used to use that for all our editors and  for YouTube. Upwork, VA. Yeah, because that would be the next thing is, yeah, it's probably for us to get like, I remember from last time when we got up, actually, our program price is a little bit more expensive. So we only had 40 clients and we're doing like 40K a month pretty easily. But again, it was just like, we just, yeah, there was a lot of, I think the price being as high as there's so much like buyer's remorse after. So we're getting like heaps of  refunding heaps. It was so annoying. So I think. With the price point we got now, it's almost like the same exact stuff, but it's like two clients to the same price as it used to be. So when we're up to there, it'd be 80 clients, 60 to 80 clients, which is going to be  nuts.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, again, like I'm all for going higher ticket, but like when you got talking about fitness coaching and everything like that, you know what mean? People know that there's other options out there. It's like, we do want to be the premium option in the market, but we don't want to be the point where people are just like, like this is just not worth it.
Ben Moore: Right.
Kyle Musca: What are doing? sucks. Your buyer's remorse sucks. And unless you're sort of curing cancer, it's hard to justify why you're charging that.
Ben Moore: Well, that's exactly right. And I think I've learned, I had to go through that to learn that too. Because I was like charging, we used to charge three and a half K US for 16 weeks. So even less. And we used to, we'd get people on it. Like, but yeah, the buyer's remorse was huge. So we'd get people and they'd be like in and it'd be like a week in and be like, oh bro, I just, I want my refund. Because they're paying for some  and then they're just stressing out. Where now I'm having like no buyer's remorse. Like everyone's like, yeah, that's  perfect, man. That's exactly what I thought it was. So again, so we could probably have room in the future to go out, but I'd rather keep it cheaper and play the volume game with the audience we have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, the other thing too as well is you can have those higher priced options. Because like, again, roughly about 20% of your customers are going to be willing to pay five times more than the other 80%. So it's like, we want something to capture those audiences, those clients. But it is a little bit hard when you're, again, you know, the man front and center doing everything. Because it's like, well, how can I increase this level of service that's actually worth it to me? So it's like, one, if you've got a coach and that's their job, you know, for me, for example, I have a $5,000 for a six-month option. And that's like two weekly calls, an educational call. Or, you know, whether you want to take on clients for yourself, that's absolutely fine. Something I'm speaking to, Bree's actually started. to implement now actually is doing one for about, I think she's charging $8,800 for it, but it's a six-month program plus a retreat at the end of it to Thailand or something like that, where it's like capped at like, yeah, between six to 10 people, for example.
Ben Moore: I like that. I have thought about it because we've got our three tiers. So we've got like our elite coaching, which would be, honestly, some of guys we have on now, we could do the elite coaching. I just can't do the fulfillment because it's daily voice check-ins, one monthly call, a weekly check-in plus like a Wednesday little audit. So it's pretty like hands-on. I just can't fulfill that at moment. So I haven't even offered it. But again, it's like, I'd probably cap that out per coach, like five, five to six people on that because it's pretty hands-on. And then most of them will go on the call, which is what we've got. And then we've got foundations, which I'm finding foundations is so  good to have that kind of lower ticket one because I jumped on the call with the guy today. he's pretty much doing everything right. And I just went through the process and then just like, he didn't need any. And I went through it and yeah, we kind of got him onto the foundations. Like it's so good for people that are like, they're ready. They just need some structure and . So I'm really lucky and having the three tiers to actually give them what they need, if that makes sense. And just like, I'm not like trying to tell them something that's like, they probably don't need, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And the other thing is once you bring on a coach, like the level of fulfillment you can do increases massively. Like for you, a daily voice note is, you know, quite out of your way.
Ben Moore: And it's something you have to constantly think about. It's annoying. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's like, if the coach's only job to do that is that, and they only have to do five a day, well, it's like, it's not that bad.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's exactly right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: So I'm excited.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: That's my thoughts. And I thought for now, that's definitely like, because again, we'll definitely work getting someone on that kind of elite. And then you have most of them on core. It just already brings our revenue up  doubles already. Cause it's like 800. $500 a month as opposed to $500 Australian a month. So, again, you're already bringing $300 extra in just on one of those. And then, yeah, I even thought that thing you've got with Bree, that could be something down the track where kind of everything's kind of systematized. We've got kind of people in different areas. It's like we could probably have a package like that where they work directly with me. It's like a take on five. And it's not just like it's like, I don't know, you can kind of level it up, I guess, and do something like that where they go to retreat with you at the end of the six months. You just run like that and you just have people coming in on that. So, you kind of cap it at like five or ten. That'd be pretty cool, actually. That's something like to look into in the future.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. 100%. There's different ways to go about it as well. Like, you're always tied into a challenge. So, the challenge winner wins it.
Ben Moore: So, it's like they can opt in for the retreat.
Kyle Musca: And then, if they win it, they just get the money back for it. Yeah. Or, you know, if you have to downsell them, it's like, you can do the six-month process. So, instead of 8,800, we could do the six-month program. Which would just be 3,500, so you've anchored them. Yeah. But that still gives you the chance to win the retreat because, again, the challenge winner will win a free trip.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. It's a couple of ways. When we get down to that place, it's going to give me some ideas. We'll definitely  play around with that once we get to that point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. So, 18 so far, do you have your CEO dashboard?
Ben Moore: My CEO dashboard.
Kyle Musca: Yes, I do.
Ben Moore: You should do. It might be not filled in for this week. I'm pretty sure I did yesterday, but I literally have not had time to .
Kyle Musca: It's been . Yeah.
Ben Moore: It's good , though. It's been crazy. Yeah, I haven't filled it out. That's my  bad. That's dog  on my end. No. It's to do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I think the biggest things for you right now is because you're growing very rapidly, and it's a US mark, which I'm a lot more confident in at the moment than Australian market. Yeah. I think the biggest things for you over this next week is definitely get a VA on board. Very, very affordable to do.
Ben Moore: At least just get a job post up, start getting an application through.
Kyle Musca: And then, I mean, I reckon we could potentially start looking at getting a coach on board for you, just because the amount of leads you're getting, the cost per lead, your close rate's fantastic, and get rid of all those other . We can actually see what I'm looking at. But, yeah, because I could very quickly see you running into the issue of you just being the constraint because you don't have the infrastructure to handle the clients that are coming on.
Ben Moore: Yes. Yeah, that's exactly right. And I think I put that in the questionnaire as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Now, in terms of hiring a coach, it is fairly easy. Like, you've got a big audience. And again, it's not like you necessarily need to hire a coach ASAP, but definitely start putting the feelers out there just so you have people in the pipeline. can start interviewing them, et cetera, et cetera, for when the time comes that we absolutely want to pull the trigger on it. Yeah. Fairly easy. One is you could make a simple graphic kind of pretty much the exact same as how we do the ad graphics and just direct them to a jot form or an application form and people will apply from that. The second option is we could always just run those exact graphics as an ad, which is what I've done here. The third option there, that usually does decently well. Third option is you might even know someone around like in your somewhat of a network. Yeah, perfect. So that's an option there. The fourth option, which I've only recently started dabbling in, I haven't done it specifically for a fitness coach, but I did it for a closer and that actually worked out quite well in terms of applications, is just chucking a job up on Indeed.
Ben Moore: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I think seek, I didn't actually look specifically into seek, but I've heard seek charges like ridiculous $600 or something for an ad post. serious.
Ben Moore: That's ridiculous.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which is . Whereas Indeed, for a premium ad for me, I just put one up for a copywriter and that was like $14 a day. I think for a closer, was like $21 a day or something like that. So I was like, that's pretty right. So that worked out quite well. And again, if you're putting up a job for a fitness coach, I'm sure there's plenty of PTs around looking for a job.
Ben Moore: No, it's insane. Even a couple of people I know, they're asking like, oh, let me know when you're going to look for some coaches. So that could be good. But I kind of want to get someone in the middle of the time zones if I possibly can. If not, they'll be in.
Kyle Musca: I would probably go US if I was you just because that seems to be a much better market for you. And then it works around the clock as well because it's like you cover Australian times, they cover US times. Again, they should be handling a lot more of the bulk of the work. Yeah. But at least you've got someone pretty much on almost 24-7 then.
Ben Moore: My only other thoughts were, and I want to run this past you is... Because the way Trainerise is set up, would you have, because I was kind of, the group chat's really pumping now, so I don't want to kind of move it too much from there. But for like access to me as their coach, it's kind of like, I don't know if you can change it on there for the people that we've already got on. So my thought process is, I'll have to  around and then find out, but once I kind of get an idea of that, what I'll do is I'll shoot you a message. Because what I'll do is I'll give all our new clients direct access to me through WhatsApp, so they can message me through WhatsApp, but all the app stuff, they'll go to their coach, if that makes sense. Or, yeah, I don't know how to kind of work it that way. I don't know if we can double up on who has access to that stuff there. don't know how to kind of structure it, if that makes sense. Because I want it to be still like a pretty seamless, nice experience, but, yeah. Yeah. It's just going to be a bit, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's a tricky one, because... Because it's been a while since I've used TrainerEyes, but does it let you create, like, a three-way group chat?
Ben Moore: Oh, yeah, it does. Yeah, I can do that. That's probably the easiest way to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because if you can do that, then, again, like, you just want them to have access to you. In that three-way group chat, like, can they message you directly from it in terms of, like, getting out of the three-way chat?
Ben Moore: I honestly haven't. So they can direct message a coach. Let me have a look. I'll just set up a package here. See what I can do here. Let me just  around just quickly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's always a good idea to...
Ben Moore: You want to keep it in the one place, I find. Like, it just makes it a little bit retarded.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Like, the option would be either, yeah, obviously keeping it native to TrainerEyes, or, I mean, you could just switch things over to WhatsApp.
Ben Moore: It's up to you. I did think about that. No, so what you can do, my thought process is they'll have direct access to their coach. So what that means is the direct messaging channel will be to their coach and then they've got a three-way group chat that they can message me or talk to me or we don't even have a message through there. All their direct messaging will come through the three-way group chat when they sign up. Plus they'll have access to the community. So I can do it that way, which means there's no direct access to new people through any coach, just through that little group chat. So they'll have the two group chats, which I think will be fine because it's a personal group chat. You just make it when they sign up and just say, and then send all their  through there, which will be sweet.
Kyle Musca: Like they won't even know the difference. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. As long as it's fluent and there's no confusion and stuff like that.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Well, I guess to add on that though, the thing I really like about WhatsApp is because you can seamlessly call them.
Ben Moore: Yes. That's also my other thing is because I want to be able to call them because if we do that, well, I'll be doing the call, but I'd like to be able to do like a call once a month and just kind of say, Hey, how's everything going? How's your coach? All that stuff. Or not even that. But just like, you know, just a check-in call if they need anything. But you can do it through  TrainRise now too, so.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you can call them through TrainRise?
Ben Moore: Yeah, you can do all sorts of cool  through there now. It's a pretty, pretty , it's almost like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, as long as it's fluent, you can easily contact them and call them easily when you need and they get the notifications fine. It's like, that's the main thing that matters.
Ben Moore: Okay, yeah. I think that'll be the way to do it. We'll turn off, yeah, I'll work it out. I'll work it out. I might  around. I I'll get a client account and  around and see what's going to be the best on the user end.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then just for you, like, if you do run an Instagram ad or something like that, this is the type of graphic I sort of tend to run with.
Ben Moore: Oh, yeah, so just something a little bit basic, yeah, like that, cool. I reckon if I put one up organically, I'd get a fuckload of people in too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I assume you probably would. And then, again, like you've got to just sell the dream to them. You know what I mean? Like work anywhere in the world, yadda, yadda, yadda, whatever. Yeah. And just make sure you're qualified and passionate about fitness coaching and everything like that.
Ben Moore: Yeah. With that as well, something I wanted to ask you is with your coaches, how do you pay them? What's kind of the standardised rate across the board when you pay them?
Kyle Musca: So just before I forget on this as well, it's only this.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this is the actual form I use.
Ben Moore: Okay, perfect.
Kyle Musca: For coaches, so.
Ben Moore: Okay, cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So in terms of pay, so in terms of pay for coaches, especially new coaches, what I'd really, really recommend doing is just having your call package and your downsell package. then probably, like if you do sell your high ticket. Maybe they work for you for the time being, or you just want make sure you're confident with the coach's ability before you start leading high-ticket clients there.
Ben Moore: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: So I start them off with $1,750 per client, per check-in. Sorry, not per check-in, but per client, regardless.
Ben Moore: Oh, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So the way I set it up is, one, they're a contractor. I don't like employees because there's a lot more legalities around it. It's a  pain in my head with all the tax and the super and everything like that. So it's just a contractor. And then the other thing is, it's performance-based, so they're incentivized to make sure that the retention of the client is as good as possible, because if they lose a client, then they lose income.
Ben Moore: Yeah. And I always like contractors for that reason, that's a good way of doing it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So for the downsell options, and this is what I do, is Loom check-ins, right, and text communication. It's just to start. So it's $1,750 per week. For the call check-ins and 24-7 text and call communication, it's $22.50 per week. Now, with that, there's a few important things. One, it's very, very important so they understand that there's plenty of room for growth. So it's like once they start proving themselves within the first three months, that goes up to $20 and $25, for example, right? So you do give them, like, you have wiggle room to actually increase their pay so they keep feeling good about it for a decent amount of time.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The second thing with that as well is, you know, $17.50 doesn't sound like too flash by itself, but it's like what I just say to them is like you can do, you know, conservatively, you should be able to do at least three check-ins an hour, probably more so like four, right?
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, if we're going off, let's just say $20 an hour, you get three check-ins done, that's still $60 an hour.
Ben Moore: Yeah, pretty good, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The goal is to get you up to about, you know, potentially 30, potentially even more, depending on performance.
Ben Moore: That's 90 bucks an hour.
Kyle Musca: What job are going to be able to work anywhere in the world remotely at 90 dollars an hour?
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's exactly right. And also, too, it's like if I have 60 clients, which is like 40 to 60 is pretty standardized. 70, 50 on its own. They're doing 1,000 bucks. And it's like, what, 60 clients is like maybe  15 hours of work a week, really? Like, check-ins will be the longest thing they take. And I'll just tell, yeah, they can just  do them on a Friday or whatever, on a Monday and Friday. But yeah, no, that's , that's pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, really.
Ben Moore: I was on it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: When I was on Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, even my head coach, you he can sit around like 80 clients and that's still only like 25, 30. 30 hours a week.
Ben Moore: Oh, I love that. That's awesome. Yeah. Okay, cool. Now, I just want to get. There's logistics around it because I was like, one, I've never hired a coach under me. Like I've had, I've been a head coach and managed a gym, but again, I was like, it's not my money that I'm paying. And they're like, they've got their own clients and . I just teach them and educate them how to do it. So yeah, I wasn't sure how that would work logistically. But no, I think $17.50 is good. then like telling them like progressions to, yeah, first we'll get you busy. And then as you do performance, client stay, retention is good. We can build you up to  $25, $30 an hour or something like that. Oh, $30 a client per month or per week, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. My head coach is now, because they've been with me for a while, their gold one, which is the core one, they're paying $35 an hour. they're down, so it's like $27.50 or $30 or something like that. So, and it, you know, my head coach, my main one that's been with me from the start, he's getting paid over $3,000 a week at the moment.
Ben Moore: So it's like, you know, it's Living life.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like you can't complain with it at all.
Ben Moore: No. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yep. Um. Oh, that's good to know.
Kyle Musca: And then once you do go to hire a coach, I've got all the contracts and everything like that for you.
Ben Moore: Yeah, cool. That'd be awesome. $25. So would you do like, you do one for each tier too, don't you? So if it's like your foundation's a basic offer, it's say  $15 and then you do your core offer, which would be like $22 and then your top end, like a lead offer, it's like $25 kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. So the downsell option is $17.50. The core offer is $22.50.
Ben Moore: Yep.
Kyle Musca: So there's about a $5 difference between them.
Ben Moore: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Which doesn't sound like much, but like, you know, 10 clients, that's $50.
Ben Moore: You know what mean? Oh, yeah. That's exactly right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then once they get up to the point where they are doing the higher ticket clients, because again, if you sell the higher ticket clients, your profit margins are so much better. it's like, you're going to pay a lot more. So I give mine. $50 per check-in or per client for that one, but that's because it's weekly calls and then the second weekly educational strategy call and everything like that.
Ben Moore: Yeah, okay. Okay. I reckon I'd do because mine's not as intense as that. one monthly call, daily voice messages, and then one check-in a week plus.
Kyle Musca: Well, for you, like if you're going to hire a coach, I would sit down and restructure what's involved in each one of those packages for the coach.
Ben Moore: Yes, yes, yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: Because one thing is like extremely, any hire you make, especially coaches and closers on that, setting the standard like straight away is extremely, extremely important because if you add stuff in later, they're going to be, their standard is going to be lower. So they're going to be like, well, I'm not doing that unless I get paid more, right? But if you just do it, that's just what they're accustomed to.
Ben Moore: That's what they'll do. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's cool.
Kyle Musca: So I would sit down with that and just like map out all the actual deliverables that's involved with that. And then it also might be like, you know, them writing a new program or something like that, you know, to continue adding to the system. Like, so I would sit down, like if I was going to go do it again and want to hire a coach again, probably will, but I would sit down and really squeeze as much out of them as possible, if that makes sense.
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah. Without kind of being a .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, you know, I mean, obviously it's just their job. So it's like, if I'm listening to what you just said, like I wouldn't do monthly calls. Like it would just be standard to do weekly calls for my core offer, which is, yeah, the main one. It is just weekly calls. You know what I mean?
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah. Cool. Cause we do, we don't do calls with any of our stuff anymore. It's all like just check-ins. Cause reason being is like, I don't know. I just kind of, I used to do weekly and importantly calls with different, the different packages and like, it'd just be like inconvenient for. Everyone, if that makes sense. I just found that the clients we work with is just like, there's like, dude, I'm  busy everywhere else. I think it's just the way I've kind of done it. like, I don't want to sit down on a  30-minute call once a week. Like, they just need to get the  through that. So we moved. When I had all them, they all moved to check-ins and they were stoked with it. Like, this is way better. I love this way more. I'm to sit down and watch it when I've got time, all that stuff. So that's why I went to monthly calls with, like, a top-top end offer because it's once a month, it's going to inconvenience them. And then, again, it's like that daily check-in point, which kind of makes up for that. So they kind of get held accountable that way as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Even if you, I mean, on that, I would just say, like, even just giving them the option, you know what mean? Because it's like, if they are busy and they would want just a Loom video, then that's fine. They can just have a Loom video, but they just have the option to get on a call. Because, again, just flexibility for different people, know, having them have, giving them the option is more important than what it actually is, if that makes sense.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Like, people will hear, plus it justifies why there's a difference between the packages
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you know, if it's a weekly check-in call, that sounds better than just a, like a Loom video, for example, on the thing, on the sales call, where then like once they get into the program and stuff, it's like, oh, I'm actually quite busy. I think a weekly, you know, Loom video would be better. The other thing as well is it doesn't have to be a full half an hour call. It can just be a 10, 15 minute call as well, just to sort of touch base and, you know, as long as it's consistent. Again, there's different ways you can go about it, but I would just say probably best to have the option. And then if they don't want that option, then they can just have like a Loom video or something like that a little bit easier.
Ben Moore: Yeah, okay. Yeah, all right. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Cool. All right. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: it's not your time that's been, you know, if it was your time, it'd be like, yeah, that makes a lot more sense. But if it's their job, it's just like sort of out.
Ben Moore: Really get that easy, really nailed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing with the calls and stuff like that, that extra level of communication is it increases the level of relationship the coach can build with the client because it's not just like a face on the screen telling. It's an actual, you know, conversation they learn about each other's lives, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Ben Moore: Okay. Okay. Yeah, cool. No, I do like that. All right. Yeah, cool. So yeah, cool. Bit to go over there for sure. I think that, I think our core and foundations offer are like so different. You can really like literally tell the difference in what's delivered. That probably top end offer, and I don't really have anyone on there at the moment anyway. So I can kind of  around with that. But yeah, I think just adding a couple little things in there would be sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And then, and then, yeah. Now also with a coach, hiring a coach, the best possible thing you can look for with a, when it comes to a coach is someone who's passionate about fitness, which isn't that hard to find. But someone who's tried to do it themselves in terms of, you know, in-person or online coaching, but they just haven't done well, not because they're not a good coach, but just because. They don't know how to market their business. You don't want someone who's too ambitious because all that will do is you'll bring them into the business. They'll see how everything works. They'll get cocky and be like, all right, I'll just go do this myself. So it's like if someone's done it before and they've realized it's a lot harder than meets the eye, they'll be pretty stoked with the opportunity you've given them. And then once you do fill them up with clients, they won't want to go out and do their own thing because they would lose all that and have to start from scratch.
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah. And they've also tried again, but they've also tried before. So it's kind of like using that psychology of like how we get clients to sign up, we're using that back against. You know, it would have been a dick, but like they've got that idea.
Kyle Musca: It's like, oh, I've tried this before. didn't work. Why would I leave?
Ben Moore: Yeah. That's kind of the, yeah. 100%.
Kyle Musca: Again, it's a  great lifestyle for someone who's, you know, passionate about fitness, which, again, there's plenty of people out there.
Ben Moore: But I remember Adam Sullivan put a thing out for like, A nutritionalist like a few years ago. And me and this lady that I used to work with were like, oh, we should  do that. Like it's , because we'd both been trying like, I think I'd been like on social media like three or four or two, yeah, probably two or three years at that point and like nothing had ventuated. I was like, oh, I need to , I want to get off the floor. Like I've been on the floor for at that point six, five years. was like, I need to get away out of this job. And then I was like, funny, it's funny how like when you said that, was like, ah, I just had to be a bit more patient and work out. But yeah, the, I can see that's exactly the mindset I was in even. So yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Perfect. Cool. How are you going on the videos?
Ben Moore: you get them filmed? Mate, I literally haven't had a chance. The plan is, what's today? The plan is, I have my schedule. They will be done this week. That is, I've got it down as like a non-negotiable. I'm  hoping. Hoping, hoping Sunday again. But yeah, this is like, that's kind of what we're working with this week. That's pretty hectic.
Kyle Musca: On that as well, actually, it just sparked my mind before we move on. With the coach, one thing I'd really, really strongly recommend you doing is making it standard. So anytime they receive a positive message or they're doing a check-in and a client's got a good result or anything like that, make sure it's on check-in, whatever it is, make sure they send it through to you so you can post on your story for social proof.
Ben Moore: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Something my coach lazy with. No.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Something my coaches, would like. But again, because that wasn't the standard from the start, when I try and like ask them to do it, they don't do it, if that makes sense.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, that makes a lot of sense. Okay, cool. So big thing is get clear on this stuff, set some standards, start getting some feelers for this stuff. We'll get a VA in too, just to help out with just kind of getting numbers and helping out with that stuff to make it really easy. Okay, cool. Yeah, no, I'm pretty keen on that because, again, our lead flow, we've got this new setter in. He's actually gone right. He booked four calls yesterday, first day. So he'll do all right. And there's  so much improvement in his game. Like, he's never really worked on a fitness officer who doesn't really understand fitness. So I'm just like running through this week, like the basics of like health and fitness and like, just so he's got some common knowledge to resonate. But yeah, he's going to crush it. He's going to  kill it.
Kyle Musca: I sent him through all the training documents as well.
Ben Moore: I'm not sure if he's watching it or but... Oh, I think today.
Kyle Musca: That should get him up to speed. He will have to build out a DM setting project for you or you will have... Do you have Claude?
Ben Moore: I actually just got it yesterday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I do have Claude now. Yeah, nice. So what I would do there is like, you can create an organization where you can invite team members and stuff like that. Yeah. Um, so what I would recommend doing is... Maybe... You'll shooting me a message after this, back-to calls, but creating a DM setting project, because that's what you'll need, because that's what all the videos I sent them were on, about how to use that project and the files and everything like that. And then, yeah, we'll go from there.
Ben Moore: Okay, cool. I like that. That's good. So, , yeah, it's pumping. We got these chicks. We're already booked in like two or three calls from the girls already, and we , the automation shat itself last night. So, I don't know what happened. I went to bed, working all fine, woke up this morning, and many chats sent me an email saying, your permissions have been changed. I think I changed my email or something yesterday, because I'm creating a couple of different accounts, because I want to have like a business account, a personal account as well, just to like more reach, more eyes, more DMs outbound we can do, downtrack more money we can put into ads. Just again, it's just a whole thing I was going through yesterday. So, I think that  it. Anyway, it's all working now, but we've probably lost 10 leads. Thank Thank Three calls, I reckon, easily from that. So was like, . Yeah, I was like, damn. Yeah, that's that call.
Kyle Musca: Oh,  happens.
Ben Moore: It is. It is what it is.
Kyle Musca: The other thing as well on that as well, not on that specifically, but like a VA is really, really good for preventing leaks in the business as well. So it's like they can go through and chase up all failed. But like I get mine to do all the like check all failed payments and everything, create a list, send them out emails. I've even started to get her to send out SMSs through GoHighLevel with the Stripe link attached and everything so they can just go in and pay it themselves.
Ben Moore: Yeah, perfect. Ours is, that'd be good because ours is all done through Trainerize anyway. So it's like already on auto payment cycle. So if they miss, it'll send them a message, give it three days for them to get the money in the account, ask them again, then it'll do five days and I'll ask them again. So it's like really, really good on that thing. And then it'll just deactivate their account if they don't  pay and they go and we can get on the back of it.
Kyle Musca: Do you? You it through Stripe, eh?
Ben Moore: Yeah, so it's all through Stripe, but it's all the automation stuff set up through TrainRise. So we send them a package, they'll sign up through the package, we use them app access, client account. So it just makes the whole thing seamless. Instead of like, send them this, send them that, just like that. We just send them a link on there and just all cards up for them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see, I would almost not do that because the Stripe settings, I don't know how integrated, like how on top of it TrainRise is, but the Stripe settings are like quite advanced, especially around failed payments. So for example, there's a feature you can turn on where it will retry, I can't remember the exact amount of times. I think it said it will retry within the, like eight times within the first seven days or something. I can't remember from the top of my head. But then it runs like, it's also meant to run like AI algorithms to determine when they're most likely to have money in their account, trying to recharge around those periods. And the other thing as well, I wouldn't have it so... It just deactivates their account because what can happen is like maybe their one week's payment fails and that was just a bad week, but then the rest of them continue on. So it's like it's better have a VA to manually control that, give you the updated feedback and everything like that. One, so you can potentially reach out, try and get them back on board, or just so their account just doesn't instantly shut down if their payment fails because it's like you have quite a few of those people. and you can get them back on track.
Ben Moore: Okay, yeah, cool. All right, I'll keep, I'll  around that. Yeah, it's like a two-week system. So it'll be like, fail payment, they've pretty much got two weeks from that original fail payment until the account's deactivated. Again, I'm pretty on it now, but again, it's smaller. So when it gets bigger, it's a larger scale and there's a few missed payments a month, it might be a bit of a different story.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think for you, like the main focus is on just building out the infrastructure for when you do get more people coming through the machine.
Ben Moore: through the infrastructure you through
Kyle Musca: Because again, like right now, it's not too difficult for you to manage all of these things, but like once you get enough clients on, you have enough, you know, moving parts that you need to coach on and everything like that, and you're stepping away and giving those seats to other people, which means that you're not going to be able to have your, I guess, you're not going to have as much input. So it's like you need to have those, again, infrastructures there to make sure that things aren't going AWOL on you.
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah, cool. All right. No, that's cool. I think that's a good, good idea. So I'll  around with just a couple of things on the back end system, mate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah, we're in a really good position. Usually when someone's in a position like you're in, the issue is, you know, not being able to handle more clients.
Ben Moore: That's exactly what I'm running into.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's we want to be very proactive of that because it's like, you know, that's just a... It's an unnecessary thing to run into if we can pre-plan.
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah. And that's, yeah, that's exactly what I want to talk about today was like kind of getting a few things set up so we can pretty much just pull the trigger in and get things. Like, , I think I'm going to be capped out. Like, if I get to 50, which at this rate, we're going to hit 50 next week. We're almost at  40 already and we've still got like 18 How many clients have gotten over the last, like, let's say two weeks? We did nine last week and we've done two a day this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: Every day this week. It's been .
Kyle Musca: My sort of rough baseline is like as long as you're getting five a week, it's like you have enough for a coach.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's exactly right. And that's the thing. And like, even so, we're probably like, again, just depends on how  this setter goes. We're getting kind of trained up and I think you'll be ready by Friday in regards to everything. So, it's probably a little bit slow. We haven't booked in as much calls last couple of days purely because of that. But once he's ready and rocking and we've got him really like, you know, standards. And what he needs to be doing. He'll be back booking like five or seven calls a day, which is what we need to get the kind of six to seven clients in a week.
Kyle Musca: The other thing on that, I've got a DM setter now. She's an absolute gun. She's really good at like taking initiative. I kind of want to get her into, I don't even really need to train her, but I do want to get into like a bit of a manager role so she can even handle it. Manage other DM setters. So it's like we could even potentially get her looking into your account and just analyzing conversations and giving feedbacks and doing trainings and stuff like that with your DM setter as well.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that'd be awesome because, yeah, I only know so much. And again, like I just  copy and paste the script. I just reply, yeah, sick, and then just copy and paste. I'm hopeless, but I still book in like sometimes I'll jump on like in the morning before the guy or in the afternoon when the guy's finished up and I'll book like another call or two because it's just like, oh, I'll just get on these. So it's like, it's not really that hard. It's just like just copy and paste the script. And just let them think you're listening, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, like my current one, or something that's put forth, my current, like, my ad account's got a lot of, what the  is it? I don't know where it is now. can't find it right now. But my ad account's got a lot of data, so it pulls in good quality leads. But my booking-to-lead ratio before when I checked, it was like 50%, which is just insane. That is crazy. Yeah. So I think that's definitely, like, she's definitely well worth, like, just getting in there and even having a, like, sus and having a train. And even just going through conversations, because that's  tedious, Az.
Ben Moore: Yeah, I hate doing it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, if you get someone in a reliable lead to do it, then it should be fine. And give them feedback so we can sus it. That's that looks like, I guess.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And go from there. But I've already spoken to her about this. She's keen for the extra work.
Ben Moore: Yeah, cool. That's good.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah. Have you made any – I mean, you've probably been too flat out for the masterclass.
Ben Moore: Oh, the ad masterclass?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: Not the ads, the sales.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I jumped on it. All the ads, yeah.
Ben Moore: Yeah, so, yeah, I jumped on the – Which one was it? I haven't jumped on the ads one yet. When's that? I jumped on the sales one yesterday.
Kyle Musca: was late as . Oh, no, no, no. Not the group coaching call.
Ben Moore: Like the – Oh.
Kyle Musca: Just creating a masterclass to run as an ad.
Ben Moore: Oh, sorry. Yes, yes, yes. No, mate. I haven't even thought about it today. I literally need to – What I'll do is I'll – Yeah, I think – Everything's kind of pumping now with the stills. I'll get these videos done for us. Yeah, honestly, it's like we're almost at a point. It's like the bottleneck is me getting away from a few things now, think, and giving myself a bit of freedom so we can actually focus on just doubling down systems and  getting things in. So I think getting a VA will be the next thing. And then I'll start putting some coach fields. I know a lot of coaches personally in this area. And again, I'll probably put something out. I think the U.S. is going to be better for, because all our clients are coming from there. So it's just going to be much better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would probably try and be a coach if I was you.
Ben Moore: Yeah, I think so too.
Kyle Musca: It needs to be a market. And Australian time zones just don't really match, because it's like, I guess 8 a.m. is here. It's like 5 p.m. there, but it's like they've missed out on the entire day. So it's just a bit good for sales calls, but it's all right for sales calls. Probably not all right for coaching.
Ben Moore: No, no, and I'm finding that a lot. I wake up with like 30 missed messages and then I've got to get back to them all at like 8 a.m. the morning. Or when I get up, I get up at 4. So it's like I get up at 4 and I'm kind of replying to messages while I'm on the way to the gym and . And yeah, so I think that's going to be the next thing is getting someone in that's decent, that knows what they're doing in there is actually really good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think it indeed might be international because it asks for countries.
Ben Moore: no idea.
Kyle Musca: Again, I'm sure the U.S. would definitely have a lot of job marketplaces for them anyway.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Yeah, cool. I'm pretty keen on getting that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. For you, the masterclass is not a really huge priority right now just because, again, you are going to be the biggest bottleneck. So we need to solve that before it becomes a proper problem.
Ben Moore: Yeah, I think so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So for you right now, I would do at least put a job post up for a VA, start looking for one. Probably same thing with a coach. Put some feelers out there organically and everything like that. See if you get anything back. If not, let me know. We can run an ad or we can – or even just post a job on the U.S. Marketplace. Really, because I think if you haven't hired a coach in probably a fortnight's time, you're going to start really, really feeling it and something's going to give.
Ben Moore: Something's going to crack. It'll probably be in my brain. I'll probably start throwing  at walls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: So, okay. And then probably we'll face it a bit more when we get to it. When we get to the point of having a coach, what do we say to the current clients? Just do we say, hey, like – because, again, I've done this before, like, when I've increased prices and stuff on the floor. So, I'm not too worried about asking. They're all pretty good clients. But would you say, hey, look, I'm getting an assistant coaching to run all your check-ins. They're very good qualified. They're in the U.S. And then do you kind of talk them through that process? Or the current clients we have on, do I just run with them until they finish up?
Kyle Musca: What goes on there? I would probably – so you've got to be real cautious about how you do it. Yeah, because, again, their standard is that they're working.
Ben Moore: Now, with the U.S., it's probably a little bit easier in that regard because you can justify bringing on a U.S. assistant coach to help cover U.S. Yep.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, it could be like that, like, hey, you know, I've been looking at how I can, like, really increase the level of service and everything like that and to cover the U.S. time zone specifically. And, you know, because of that, brought on an assistant coach, extremely, extremely qualified. And then just frame it like, obviously, you know, I wouldn't say exactly like this, but along these lines, essentially, I'm not going to charge you anything extra to work with them for this upgrade.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's what I was going to pitch it as anyway and just go, like, yeah, we're going to get this assistant coach in a couple of times. He's going to do a check-in so you can get a full week and all this kind of stuff. And then I'll just say something like that. It's like, yeah, we're increasing our pack. Oh, maybe I won't even say that. Increasing the level of service.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, especially if he's, like, a highly qualified one. You know what I mean? If you can find someone with... Like an exercise science degree or a dietitian degree or something like that. You you can obviously use that. Like I'm getting in XYZ who's a...
Ben Moore: Get you better results too. You can even say something like that. Like get someone in to help you in your times that's going to get you better results and have more reliability. And I would just say you still have direct access to me through our group chats.
Kyle Musca: We're going to change our communication channel. You said it was a coaching system. So you're going to have direct access to me as well as Brad pretty much 24-7. So you're going to be really well taken care of.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Okay, cool. All right. I like that.
Kyle Musca: That's good. That's... I would just drip feed that. wouldn't do it to all your clients at once. Yeah. You know, I would do it to the ones you know are going to be a little bit more chill about that. And I mean, like, again, just be careful. If they have any backlash, be like, oh, look, no stress.
Ben Moore: Like, know, I would just keep working with your touch. Yeah. Most of them should be good. Like, they're all pretty good, like, people. In regards to what we're doing, I'm just having a look. Yeah. Even the new guys, they're just like, a big thing is most of them just want the transformation. They don't even care it's me. It's just like, I just happen to be a guy they watch on Instagram and reached out to them or had an ad. That's literally what it is most of the time anyway. So as long as they get the result, and I think if they can still have communication with me, that'll be the thing. But yeah, we'll  around with that when we get to that point.
Kyle Musca: Even too, if they go  up and just work with them, there's only 35 people for the time being. And you just, it's really easy to sell. You just sell as a two-coaching system when you're on the floor. So you'd be working with me as well as my head coach, Michael. You know, he's an absolute legend. He's a qualified exercise scientist as well. So really, really, whatever.
Ben Moore: And then, yeah, he's going to be bonding. Yeah, they won't even think twice about it.
Kyle Musca: The entire time I've ever done it, I've only ever had one dude not be happy with that. And he was like literally the biggest retard I've ever met in my life. Because my head coach, his name is Kyle, but it's spelled differently. I just could not comprehend that both our names were Kyle. I was just like, , and then he went to the group chat, and he was like talking about, I've messaged coach, I instantly replied to him, you know, then while he's in the group chat, I just like removed him, and I was like, cancelling your membership, you're just too  retarded.
Ben Moore: So  funny. Ah, cool. Well, we'll face that when we get to that. But no, that's cool. I think I'm going to get onto this stuff. Nah, , whenever I get a chance to today or tomorrow, just start getting a few things in place for this stuff, and then we'll be good to go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. Cool. Keep me updated on all that. If you have any issues, just let me know. But yeah, I think it's just starting to build out the infrastructure to handle the client load that you're getting, which is great.
Ben Moore: Just not even a problem. Yeah, man, it's awesome. Yeah, no, it's, yeah, I'm really happy with it. So cool, mate, I'll reach out if I've got anything other than that. And I'm pretty, pretty stoked I'll  find it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man.
Ben Moore: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: All right, keep going. And, yeah, keen to see how it over goes.
Ben Moore: Sounds good, mate.
Kyle Musca: Legend. Cheers, man. Enjoy the rest of the day.
Ben Moore: See you, mate. Will do, mate. You too, hey? Yeah. Cheers.


>>> 185/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-29T06:00:29Z | id:141959537
People: Kyle Musca

Meg Tovey: Yeah, definitely slowed down, but still definitely, yeah, doing well. I'm kind of having, like, not issues with the new coach, but she sent a message today being, like, she's really overwhelmed, struggling to fit in, which is, like, not a good sign because she's not doing that much. So, I will see how it goes and obviously get rid of her if, and I've got the backup if she, if I do need to get rid of her. Yeah. But, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, because you thought the other coach would have been a lot better, eh?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. The problem is that this one has kids. And someone can say. Yeah, the one now. And someone can say that it's not going be an issue, and she was, like, really keen. She's like, I'm going to get care if you need me to increase the hours and stuff, but I'm already like, it's , you're a week and a half in, and she's already said something about, like, it feels overwhelming trying to do all this, like, with the kids. She didn't say it like that, but it was pretty much like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So my philosophy, especially over the last month or so, has just been real cutthroat with employees. If you're complaining, if you're not doing work, if you're making excuses,  off and find somewhere else to work. You know what mean? Like, especially if you feel like you've got someone else that's better in there, waiting to go, and you feel like that'd be a much better fit long-term, I would probably almost just start, you know, funneling new clients to her and say, hey. Depends on how much of it is a problem, like, how much of a problem it is, depending on how annoying it is. I have very much found that employees or hires that start complaining very early on usually are more trouble than they're worth.
Meg Tovey: I've never had it. One, do this before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Like our last hire was, she's a  gun. Like she would, I could give her 47 clients in one day and she's like, okay, I'll make it work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, that's what you want. You want an employee that says, I'll make it work rather than I feel overwhelmed because that is a very big sort of insight into their overall mindset, into, you know, their work ethic and what it's going to be like long-term.
Meg Tovey: I just don't want to like straight up be like, you're gone. I would like to give her an opportunity to change that. Like even if it's one message or like, you know, one conversation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, if that's the case, then yeah, I would just be kind of direct with her and be like, hey, that's no stress. My concern is we're a week and a half in, you don't have much of a client load. So it's a little bit concerning that you're feeling overwhelmed already. Maybe I need a coach that can handle this and have the capacity. City. City. Do have to take it on these clients without issue?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because pretty much every single hire that I can possibly think of has had issues early on or complained or wanted to renegotiate sort of what was discussed, I guess, just ends up being really, really annoying.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and especially from my experience, I haven't had it personally, but, like, I know Bree, for example, hired a coach who, similar situations, she complained that she was overwhelmed and, you know, had a lot going on in her personal life and stuff like that, and then just kept dragging it through the mud. And then, like, three months later, she just decided, like, I can't remember the exact situation, but, like, it was basically just a big waste of time. And then she found her other coach that she's absolutely stoked with now.
Meg Tovey: She's just a perfect fit. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's like, it should have. Especially for a coach, just shouldn't be hard. Like, it shouldn't feel.
Meg Tovey: I know. I'm like, get a  normal job and see how that goes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's just like, again, my philosophy is just be real cutthroat with people. If you're not performing, if you're complaining, if you're annoying, you're not working here.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Because, yeah, she's like not even really got the skill set either to like back it, to be like, oh, okay, we can get through the overwhelm. Because I can imagine it would be overwhelming for sure. But also, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But like you need someone who can like roll with the punches. Like I had a closer that was messaging me, you know, every couple of weeks, like, are you still hiring? Are still hiring? Had a position open up. So I was like, cool. You know, she's followed up. We'll give her some calls. And then, you know, the first call, then she told me, oh, I've got this other real estate gig. So I can only work, you know, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. I was like red flag number one. First. I booked her. She was like, oh, I can't make that. I've got another thing on. And literally, was like, cool. Told the setters, reschedule all her calls.
Meg Tovey: And I said, she's not working here anymore. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, feels mean, but like, it's up to them at the end of the day, you know, show up, do your job. We wouldn't have problems.
Meg Tovey: I kind of want to like, suss out with the other chick, which she'd be so open to me asking this, but I'm curious what you think about like, because with this one, she's got kids. So it's similar to if she was to have another job, like she can't kind of be sprung things because she somewhat needs to be organized ahead, which I understand. I haven't had to deal with that before because the girls I've hired so far have been like, literally would bow down, but I haven't had. So I get that there needs to be some pre-planning of , but I kind of want to be like, because. Even like some of the call times she's been offering for onboarding calls will be like 10.45 a.m. and then like 7.30 p.m. Like they're just not really ideal for the client, but I also am like, well, if I'm not bringing them on full-time from the get-go, can I expect them to be able to offer the ideal times?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I mean like even that's just an excuse. Like my head coach has two young kids and he will get on whenever he needs to get on. You know, you work from home. Like what's the problem? You know what mean? Like in terms of the kids are  screaming?
Meg Tovey: Because we've done a meeting where her kid wasn't asleep and it was  crying and  and it was like, I don't want her getting on calls with a baby crying.
Kyle Musca: But again, that's her problem. You know what mean? Like if you have a screaming child in the background that you can't sort out, go find a different job. Like, you know what mean? If it's that big of a problem, you can't take calls to do your work. That's not my problem. That's your problem. me. Go find a different job.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You what mean? It's like you work from home. It should be a fantastic job for a mother. If you can't manage that, that's not for you. Figure something else out. It sounds rude, like mean and cutthroat, and it is. But at the end of the day, you're not hiring her so she can, you know, do all that stuff. And then you just, you take second place.
Meg Tovey: You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Because Loz replies, like, in, I've got a group chat with each of the coaches and Lauren because she's doing all the training and .
Kyle Musca: And she, like, replied essentially taking half of the load, and I don't want, that's not a solution. No. See, again, there's, you're, again, we're not setting the standard here early on. We're setting the standard of, oh, it's okay if you have other priorities. Oh, it's okay if you can't make these times. Oh, it's okay if your kids aren't sorted out. You know what mean? And if it's so early on, that will snowball and it will become a headache for you, like a massive, massive headache.
Meg Tovey: Well. Well, yeah, a couple of other things have happened and I have been like, like I sent her a message, let just pull it up, saying a little bit about.
Kyle Musca: When you first hired her, did you mention like a trial period or anything like that?
Meg Tovey: No, but she's casual, so I can, there's no. So she said last Wednesday or two Wednesdays, last Wednesday, sent through her availability and it was very limited. It was like Monday, 12.32, Tuesday, 10.30 to 3, Wednesday, not available, Thursday, 11.15 to 3, Friday, not available. And I said, thanks for sending this next week. Oh, she asked about if what it will be next week. I said, starting to onboard new clients and still some training and stuff. So before we do that, though, I know. You just need to confirm your availability for client messaging. We require time each morning and afternoon at the minimum, Monday to Friday, to stay on top of responses. As you know, we have a 24-hour response window. Calls and tasks can for sure be scheduled on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday around the availability you sent through, but re-Wednesday and Friday where you're currently unavailable, are you able to do places, like, can she blah, blah, blah? And she's like, yep, totally available to do client messaging through the days whenever. However, it's more just, she said, I sent those times more so for calls and tasks as my mum will be helping with the kids, so I have uninterrupted time. Wednesday, I'm available for client messages. Friday morning, my sister's visiting, blah, blah, blah, but I'm available to respond before and after that. And also, everyone wants to know.
Kyle Musca: See, you're already caving to her, you know what mean? It's like, she's your employee. You're not working around her, she'll work around you. Your sister's coming, that's cool, go get a different job. You know what I mean? If you want to work an office job nine to five so your sister can come around afterwards, that's fine. Go get a different job. This is a job you will be working through the day like you're required to do. And if you're not willing to do, again, because it's like there is a casual aspect of she's a casual employee, you know, and technically they can work the hours that they want as long as it does get done. But a good employee would prioritize it and open it up and take as much on as possible because they want to grow. So what she's trying to do is have like a little side gig so she can take care of her kids and everything like that. And again, she's, from what you're telling me, it's just like a casual little side thing and it's a little bit of pocket change to her, which is cool. And it's not that serious to her.
Meg Tovey: She did ask, like on our meeting at the start of this week, she asked what the pathway looks like to permanent part-time or full-time. And I didn't give her a clear answer yet because like, I don't know, we're  one week in. But I think she, that's the part where I'm like confused because like, I think she does want to be. All in, it's like this transition period where like because she said I'll get daycare, I'll send the kids to daycare but I think because at the moment there's not a full day of work, she's like trying to make it work. So it's just I don't know how to like have that conversation because I can't say to her you need to be available all the time when I'm not giving her full-time hours.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but this is more coming down to like initiative, you know what I mean? Like a good employee will make it work.
Meg Tovey: A good employee will have the availability without you having to ask them. But how do I say that? Because legally I can't.
Kyle Musca: is like if you have to say it, that's a problem.
Meg Tovey: But I don't want to just sack her without a reason.
Kyle Musca: Just be like, hey, look, you know, unfortunately it just doesn't seem to be working out. I understand you've got kids and everything like that. And, you know, I understand that they are a big priority too. I really need someone in here with more availability that can be a little bit more, you know, responsive to things. That's nothing against you personally. I just need to be able to grow this properly. That's what it needs to be done. Like it's a, you know, it's, again, it's a, it feels mean, but like I've been aggressively hiring for the last couple of months with different people. I'm just very cutthroat about it because it's like every single time someone's annoying, especially in that first period and they're not taking the initiative, they always end up being more of a headache and it just wastes time and money.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like a good, similar to, so I'm sure what you'd be like, if you got a new job, especially if it's a great opportunity, you'd be jumping through hoops to make sure your employer was happy. You'd be doing whatever it took, whenever it took, at the times it took it to make sure you did the job properly.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. My fear is I say that and then the new chick is the same because she's juggling a part-time job, like she's doing three days at another job. So I do, I can. Almost say with certainty that she would be way more willing to make it work, but there's still those days where she would be at another job. But also like my previous hire has a full-time job and still somehow makes it work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. People will make it work if they want to make it work. Three days a week casual is absolutely fine as long as they can get back to message within reasonable hours, like a time period, and they can jump on. Like if they're willing to jump on a call as soon as their shift ends, which, you know, should be fine. As you just said, you're confident she'll do that. Then that's what you want. It's not necessarily the fact that they've got other things going on. It's the fact that they're not prioritizing this opportunity and, you know, just doing the bare minimum rather than going above and beyond is, I guess, the simplest way to put it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, for sure. So could I, like, would, could I, like, with the other chick, could I, like, have that conversation before hiring her?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just set the standard massively. Like, I understand you've got another job and everything like that, and, you know, there will be a transition process, but I'm really looking for someone to go above and beyond, someone that doesn't need to be micromanaged, someone that can handle, I guess, I wouldn't say like this, but handle their emotions so that, you know, they don't feel extremely overwhelmed and they can figure  out, essentially.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah, from everything you've told me, she's just doing the bare minimum. You don't want someone who's doing the bare minimum from the start.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, and she's asking a lot of questions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, especially if you know you have someone else there that you're, again, almost confident, 100% confident that would be a better coach long-term, do a better job anyway. It's like, well, why beat your head against a wall when someone isn't making it work, when you've got, you know, a better opportunity, a better option.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Okay. All right. Yep.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, how you go about that is if she says she's overwhelmed, you can just hire a different coach and then just stop giving her clients and be like, oh, leads have dried up. Sorry, it's not a great option. You what I mean?
Meg Tovey: Like, you could just do that if you wanted to. Yeah, I could because the only thing is that is it more worth for Lauren because she's doing a lot of the training? Like, is it adding unnecessary work?
Kyle Musca: Um, just on that, anytime you get anyone to do any sort of training, including yourself, I would just, like, pre-record it and then create training files.
Meg Tovey: We have that. But, like, because they work from home, obviously, so we get them to watch and then, like, write notes and timestamp where the notes are from. But there's still things that, like, when we're running through, you know, our processes and , that's just way. Bye. I don't know. I guess we could definitely do that as a recording.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, this is the thing that I'm, I'm not that annoyed, but like the thing, the red flag I'm seeing is being a coach is not a hard job. Like for this, it's not, it's not difficult.
Meg Tovey: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: As long as you know, base level nutrition, base level training and have decent communication skills. And again, it's just coming down to work ethic really more than anything. Like you don't need a crazy amount of training. If anything, I just throw my coaches kind of in the deep end. I do give them obviously training, but for this specific thing, I'm almost like, figure it out for yourself.
Meg Tovey: Ask me questions that you need, but figure it out yourself. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I might organize a call with the other chick and then see how the rest of this week goes and then make an executive decision.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. My biggest thing now, like, is just as soon as a red flag comes up and if it's very early on, it's just like, you're done.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. True. I haven't had this before, so I haven't, I don't know what it's like in another two, three months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Coaches specifically, because you shouldn't have that with coaches. I mean, so it's like.
Meg Tovey: I actually, , I'm annoyed now because I, when I had my last call with Rhys, he said he knew of her, who, and she did some work for someone he knew and apparently got overwhelmed. And I'm like, , and I kind of dismissed it because I'd already, well, I'd already hired her. She hadn't started yet, but I was like, I'll see how it goes. But anyway, it is what it is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, to me, for the most part, overwhelm is a bit of a cope, you know what I mean? Like, you feel overwhelmed, but work through it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You lose your . Because you feel overwhelmed. It's like, well, that's a you problem.
Meg Tovey: Well, the problem that I saw with her message was that there was no, like, the message was very, this is how I feel, end of. It wasn't constructive. Yeah. So then Lauren's jumped in, because I didn't see it until after. Lauren's jumped in saying, like, I'll help you with this.
Kyle Musca: You do this.
Meg Tovey: But, like, that's not, yeah. Like, I was going to be like, this is how I'm feeling, just letting you know. No, I'm going to do this. Or even  say, can you help me with X? Like, that's even more productive than, like, just saying how you're feeling and leaving it at that.
Kyle Musca: Well, the other thing that doesn't make sense is, like, if you've got Lauren who's stacked with clients, now she needs to add on more of a workload to help this new coach who wouldn't have that many clients considerably. It's like, yeah. Well, how are you overwhelmed with three clients?
Meg Tovey: I know. That's what I mean. Like it's about, she said.
Kyle Musca: I would have assumed she had more. She only has three. That's even worse.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. She's got four, but like one hasn't started yet. And also the extra stuff is like her watching training calls and  that we've like scheduled for her to do on certain days. But it's not more than three hours of work a day. And then, like she said, I'm also aware I need to prepare for two onboarding calls tomorrow. And I still haven't watched three, blah, blah.
Kyle Musca: All whilst my kids are with me. She keeps bringing up the kids. Kids is not your problem.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like it's not your problem. I don't hire you to tell me about your kids.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. But yeah. Especially for a coach, a coach should be an easy hire. Like you should not have any problems with a coach.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So if I, again, I don't, you know, obviously know the full story, but from what you've told me, I would pull the pin on it before you give her more client load and becomes more of a problem than it needs to be.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yep. Okay. All right. Cool.
Kyle Musca: How's everything else going besides that?
Meg Tovey: Good. Yeah. Same old. I definitely had more cancelled calls recently, but that's because the calls have been booked so far in advance from not being able to fit them in. But that's kind of solved now that we have another coach.
Kyle Musca: Let's, let me pull up your, see your dashboard.
Meg Tovey: Because, like, I had four cancelled this week already, and I know at least two of them, if not more, were, like, because they'd signed up with someone else in that time between booking and showing up to the call. Because, like, the booking to lead percentage being lower than last month, like, that's my fault because I didn't have availability in the week to put more calls in. So, like, they were booking in calls for, like, the following week.
Kyle Musca: Are we, yeah, speak to lead is obviously going to impact things.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Like, it's not really anything that I need help with as such as I just needed more capacity, which I now have.
Kyle Musca: Are we looking at this?
Meg Tovey: That's last week.
Kyle Musca: So this week.
Meg Tovey: That's this week. So. Yeah, I have another 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 booked in.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so should this column be filled out or should we be looking at this column?
Meg Tovey: That column that you're on now is from last week. I can't fill out this week until it's the end of the week.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. All right. So we'll look at this one. Okay, cool. So it's a 10 possible show. So show up rate's quite good.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I'm not put, like, if they cancel the call, I'm not putting it in. So, like, the show up rate, like, if they cancel it in advance of the call, I don't add it in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, that's fair. Again, you have no issue with this. I almost don't even want to say it. But what I'm doing now, instead of saying like the night before message, instead of saying, can you confirm that you're still good for it? I just kind of re-engage conversation a little bit by saying like, hey, just checking calendar can confirm we're good for 4 p.m. tomorrow. Just checking, did you have a chance to watch that video I sent through above?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, they do that. And then on the day, they don't actually confirm the day before. They confirm the morning of just with like saying, just checking you got the link inside the thing for the call.
Kyle Musca: Do you need me to send it to you here? Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Not like confirming the call, but it kind of is.
Kyle Musca: I only say, I can just, hey, just check my calendar for tomorrow and I can confirm we're good for 4 p.m. So it's like you're confirming. But just the only reason I do that is to slot in like the 4 p.m.
Meg Tovey: so they know what time. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But again, you have no show of problems. So it's not even really a thing when you should. And then close rates really high still, which is fantastic. So are you giving some of these clients to your other coaches and not this new one?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. So those three from ads this week have gone to the new one. And then that organic one down below came through a referral from one of my other coaches. So she went to her and then I gave one to Lauren. I can't remember why. I think she was, I don't know, a bit more complex.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And so this last week you've got 15 calls booked in, like this week. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Is that what said? 11 more?
Kyle Musca: You said 11 more.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Fantastic. And still some really good return on investments there.
Meg Tovey: I'm getting more. More cash collected.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You feel good about the, like, doing the new payment structures set up?
Meg Tovey: So much better because, like, it's less stressful for people that are  trying to get out of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you've had, like, less people trying to obviously stop, I guess, cancel?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Or, like, even if, well, yeah, yes. I was going to say, even if they do, like, they've at least paid a big, way bigger chunk up front. Sometimes I'm still having to go down to, like, as low as possible to get them in. But as you can see, the 2.5 and the 2.1 so far.
Kyle Musca: And are you still just selling the, like, the one package or do you have the different options?
Meg Tovey: The one package? No, no. That's why there's a couple. Oh, actually. Sorry. That's why there is a couple more in here than what the new coach has, because in the last week before she was taking clients on, so like early last week, there was actually three people that I signed on to, I think it worked out to be $1,300 contract for just training only.
Kyle Musca: Like, and I'm just doing their programs. Okay.
Meg Tovey: Right. So that was why there's a couple extra random, like, smaller ones in there. Like, I guess why the cash collected and revenue versus how many sign-ups is lower, because three of them were like a $1,300 contract.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So you have one.
Meg Tovey: Sorry to answer your question. I'm just selling that one package. Unless I can pitch a training only, it works out to be $50 a week for the six months.
Kyle Musca: Right. Again, you don't have any issue with closing, right? So it's like... It's not, I wouldn't even implement it for what you're doing.
Meg Tovey: I'm open to it though, because like the first week was 54, 60, I can definitely get it higher. Yeah, so I think to like actually, to be fair, at the start of the month, I was kind of self-sabotaging because I was like, I don't know where to put them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So what I've done is, so you're basically selling this one. Are you doing 3,500 for six months?
Meg Tovey: 3,900.
Kyle Musca: Okay, well, wow. Okay, perfect. So that's a really good close right there.
Meg Tovey: Thanks.
Kyle Musca: So that's that one. And then I have this downsell one, which I've always had, but this one's to basically, essentially remove any upfront deposit if someone's like cash flow. I mean, someone is kind of living paycheck to paycheck. Again, not even really. I'm saying you need to implement this because your close rates are so high. But for example, so this one, they can basically just go on like a weekly payment plan of let's say $100 a week or for $115 for six months, $96 a week.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. How do you pitch that?
Kyle Musca: So this is my downsell option in terms of let's say you've objection handled everything like that for the gold. You've gone through all the different payment options. They just cannot afford it no matter what. Oh, okay. Look, you established, you know, you already established this. You want to do the program. It's just finances holding you back. Like I probably shouldn't do this, but I can tell that you really do want to make this change. And it seems like money or finances is just the thing holding you back, which I really don't want to be the thing that holds you back. So I do have a silver option. Now it is technically full, but I think I have someone finishing. I'd have to check it like mid to end of next week. So what I could do is I could slot you in there. Okay. Instead of $39,000 or $3,900 for the entire six months, that would bring it right down to $2,500. So you'd be saving $1,400 just there. And then again, we can work with that billing company. makes it really, really simple because there is no sort of upfront deposit. We can just go on a weekly repayment plan of $96.
Meg Tovey: Slay. I'm going to pull the recording and use that as a script.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's really important you say that there's no spots open there. Because that means they can't get off the phone and think about it. They have to take it now. And if they say, oh, yeah, just, that sounds really good. I just need to think about it. That's no stress. And if that's what you feel like you need to do, that's absolutely fine. Just being fully transparent, I do have 11 more calls this week. And what tends to happen with this silver package is I get on a call situation like this, where someone does want to move forward, just finances holding it back, and they end up taking it. So it's extremely rare. There's actually a spot open for the silver. think the last time there was a spot open for it was about two months ago, technically. So by all means, if you want to think about it, that's fine. But I can pretty much guarantee you the option won't be there by the time you come back around.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay, cool. What's the difference in the offer for them? Like, what do they think is the difference as to why it's so much cheaper? Because it's actually $54 cheaper a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So in my one, it's like the core package is like weekly check-in calls and 24-7 text and core communication. So I basically say it's just a high level of support and accountability and communication and everything like that. The silver, whatever you call it, the down silver, is more for people who, yes, need a bit of like that support and that accountability. But the main things they're really looking for is the structure to follow the program. And the adjustments and everything like that. So it's a step down.
Meg Tovey: see the  really overweight people that need the hand-holding and support though. That's the part where I haven't really done a downsell before because in my head, I'm like, I kind of need them to say yes before I pitch it. And like, I haven't known how to like word it to, because they're the people that can't follow a plan.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, that's, that's very true.
Meg Tovey: But if I have a way to word it, like, it doesn't matter.
Kyle Musca: Well, I guess the other option you could always look at there is, you just need to justify what the difference is. So, mean, from you saying that, like the difference might be, the only difference might be instead of weekly check-in, you know, calls or whatever you do, it's fortnightly instead.
Meg Tovey: We do fortnightly already.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, that's. It's tricky, but again, you just have to justify it some way, shape, form. Because then if they do have a bit of a problem, I mean like, oh, well, you know, what we could do is we could potentially upgrade you if you feel like that. Or for me, like I had, you know, recently a dude that was like 150 kilos, similar to what your clients would face where they just don't do  all and then they complain. And I basically just said like, look, you know, I really want to see you succeed. What I'll do is I'll give you a free upgrade into the gold.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like you keep them on at a reduced rate.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I don't know what you pay your coaches.
Meg Tovey: Is there a difference? It's hard because we don't really like, we can't, I can't personally say without  flying to their house and cooking for them how we could add to the service. So I would have to like figure out how to kind of, yeah, find that gap, which I can have a think about. In terms of a downsell or an upsell, like a higher package? For the downsell.
Kyle Musca: So, because upsell is easy.
Meg Tovey: could say weekly calls instead of fortnightly and like 24-7 call, not 24-7, but like, you know, call access at any time kind of thing. But a downsell when it's already fortnightly, like to go to monthly say is like not enough. People are like, oh, but then they're like, oh, well, then I won't get what I need kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a bit tricky for you. Again, like usually I don't really even talk about the difference in what's included. Like people don't really seem to care about that more times than not, as long as you justify it by saying it's a slight step down, same as accountability and communication. I do say like instead of, you know, weekly checking calls, it'll be like checking Loom videos or something. So, it's good to have like a few things that justify the change. But yeah, that might be a little bit tricky for your specific audience.
Meg Tovey: I'll have to think about it anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, it's not the biggest problem because, again, you play. Those rates are so high. So it's like I wouldn't even necessarily like it. wouldn't for what we're doing right now while all these conversion metrics are so high, like I wouldn't really look at changing or implementing anything if that makes sense. But it's good to have a think about in case things do change and you can look at including that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I think I haven't been like thinking about it because I'm like, oh, I'd rather have less people paying more than like just take everyone even if they're paying less because of the capacity problem. But once that frees up more, then I'll definitely play around with that more for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I'm upset. Cool. Is there anything else you're kind of like struggling with or anything?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, the one call that I had this week so far that hasn't converted was  weird. Because she, like, is 120 kilos, but, like, when she got on the call, she was like, and I have rebooked her for four weeks' time, which I kind of, like, I don't know if I did  it up, but, like, she basically said coming into it that she's been doing it for, like, she's been on a roll for the past week or so, and felt really positive about being able to keep doing that. Like, it's super different, everything she's done before. I was really struggling to find the urgency, and I don't know if it's because I already had, like, this preconceived idea of, like, because she mentioned budget a few times in the messages, which I know means nothing, because I've signed up many people that have said that before. But, yeah, I kind of  it, because I ended up being, like, I was, like, she's not, I couldn't find the urgency, and I was, like, I don't want to pitch her now and pretend. I lose it because I couldn't get there. So I rebooked her because I assume in four weeks' time she's going to be  in same place. But I don't know if that was the right thing. I don't think that was the right thing to do. And I don't know how I could have got it out of her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, it's not too bad because, well, it depends. Like, what does she mean by it's on a roll? Like, what does that explain exactly?
Meg Tovey: Because she's like everything she's done in the past has been like kind of too all or nothing. And now she's started doing her walks and she's reduced her, like, simplified her nutrition down heaps and, like, saying all these really, they're all the right things. So, like, I know someone who's 120 kilos, that won't stick, but I didn't really know how to word that because I was like, I don't want it.
Kyle Musca: But those are all nice things, though. But, like, did she actually see progress from it?
Meg Tovey: Um, well, because she was kind of saying, like, that she... She has always in the past done those hardcore things and gotten the fast progress and now she like kind of doesn't want, not that she doesn't want fast progress, but she's like, yeah, it was a weird one because she was kind of saying like she's not expecting those fast results doing this stuff, but she knows over time it will get the sustainable results.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that's awesome. guess like, but specifically, you know, because you're absolutely right, but again, it's about finding the fine line of both where it's sustainable, but you're also seeing results because, you know, there's no point going, well, it's not no point, but if you're going on these walks and, you know, eating conservatively and doing the right things, but you're not seeing results, I guess like what's the point, right? So I guess specifically, like if you've been doing really well over the last week, like what specifically has been the positive result from that in terms of moving you towards the goal where you want to be?
Meg Tovey: Well, that's where I think she was feeling positive about the results so far.
Kyle Musca: Yes, the one you need to – one I would have tried to establish if the actions had actually resulted in a result because it's like you can do the right things, but if you haven't lost weight, then that's a problem in itself.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it's like, yes, it might be sustainable, but if in six months' time you're in the same spot, you know what I mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, which it was kind of hard to do because she was kind of saying like – because I didn't want to be – I was trying to like be on the same page with her in terms of the sustainable results because that's what she said, like she's avoided signing up to coaches because in the past it's been like all about getting the fast results. And so I didn't want to then turn around and be like, okay, well, how much weight have you lost doing this stuff? Because, yeah, I fully – yeah, I get what you're saying.
Kyle Musca: Because what's happening – what tends to happen in these situations when people like tell themselves that they're doing a good job? They're very vague about what a good job is, and you can't counteract vagueness.
Meg Tovey: I think because I believe what she was saying is how we would have approached her approach anyway.
Kyle Musca: So I was like, yeah, you're  right. Yeah, yeah, but again, like this is, that's you understanding it as a coach and actually understanding what to do versus her just saying, I'm going on my walks, I'm eating cleaner. It's like that is what everyone feels like they're doing, but they don't actually see a result. You know what I mean? So it's like, again, it's a fine line of are you, yes, that's what you should be doing, but are you actually seeing a result from that? Because if not, then you're doing something wrong.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So again, you need to get specific in that situation because then how you respond from that is different because it's like one, if they haven't seen a result, then it's like, well, it's awesome that you're doing, you know, these actions and it shows you're serious about it. But like, again, if you're doing something that you feel is really sustainable, that's fantastic. Fantastic. But if in six months time, we're in the exact same spot, then you've just wasted six months of the work ethic that you were willing to put in that might've actually got you to where you want to be. Whereas if they are seeing a result, then it's like, well, that's fantastic. And that's actually why a lot of girls come to us is because they've kind of started to make progress and everything like that. they've actually felt like they were on a roll and a high. And they come to us not because they aren't seeing progress. They come to us because they want that progress to continue on. And they know that factors of life come up, things come up that make it trickier. So they want a coach to help keep them accountable and guide them through those certain situations so they don't fall off when they've been making such great results.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Again, it's a little bit tricky, but like I would just, with a sales call, just never let someone get vague. It's kind of similar to someone be like, well, you know, what if you went and asked your husband? And he said, no. And you were like, they were like, oh,
Meg Tovey: I don't know. I just figure it out. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You can't overcome that because it's like, well, what actually happens then?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. I had a question on that last thing you said. Um, cause wait, , what was I going to say? I thought of the thing that she would say that I was anticipating she would say based on what you just said and now I've forgotten. So nevermind.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Oh, no, I don't know. I think, cause I think in my head, I'm like, , it's four grand. I'm like, if they don't really care enough, they're going to say no. So then I was like, ah, cause even that, what you said is kind of like, it's not. Convincing. But like, how would you then follow that last thing you said of like, well, that's, yeah, that is why a lot of girls come to us because they, you know, want to keep it going. How do you then get her to, instead of just her just going, yeah, like, I still don't feel like there would be enough buy-in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yes, it's like, I mean, the other thing that's really important here is like, if they've done something before, but they've like fallen off because they've like lost motivation or something like that. So it's like.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I know what you mean. Like, but this one was different because she's  like, she is doing the right thing now, I guess, that's different to what she'd  up before. But also, I just know if you're 120 kilos, you're not going to stick to it, no matter how  simple it is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, you didn't necessarily do the wrong thing, but just, you know, I would probably even have given it to her. You know what mean? Just to like let her inevitably fall off because it's a habit thing.
Meg Tovey: It's not an action thing. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like you could have pushed the urgency from that as well. Like, you know, we specialize in helping women lose a significant amount of weight. And what we've really come to realize is that, you know, the actions are one thing and they're fantastic. They're the things that do move you towards the goals. But the things that, you know, most women do come to us because they're actually seeing like they're starting to do the right things and they are seeing some good progress. But they know that they don't have the, I guess, the habits and the mindsets not yet built into them to actually sustain that over the long term. The actions themselves are sustainable over the long term, but they just know that it's very, very easy to fall off track and go back into old habits, which makes the actions a lot more, like a lot harder to actually stick to. So I guess like when it comes to these situations, you know, my philosophy is if you do it right, you only have to do it once. So. So I guess what's more important to you trying to do it yourself and, you know, quite potentially risking, you know, those hiccups coming along and undoing all the work that you've put in or putting yourself into the best possible position by working with professionals that have done it with hundreds of other women in a similar situation like yourself. We have a community of like-minded girls all working towards the same goal. What position, what do you feel like has more risk associated with it?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: But again, again, you know, if there's not, the biggest, one of the hardest things to overcome in sales, I would say, in fitness sales is if they feel like they can do it themselves and if they feel like they're making good progress on their own, again, there's not enough of a gap for you, essentially. it's like if they're really stuck in that belief, whether it's a legitimate Belief or it's just what they're telling themselves, know, pretend quite possibly what you did there wasn't a bad thing by just bamfamming it, letting them run into, fall off the track. So they, it very much creates the gap for why you're needed.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Especially if you don't drop the price and you don't come across as salesy, you know what I mean? Like then the trust is going to be quite high in you. Um, and then I would probably in that situation also just emphasize like the, the one biggest thing I don't want to see happen to you. And I have seen it happen quite a lot of times is by the time that we, you know, have a chat in a couple of weeks time, if things don't go as we, as planned, then the, the motivation to get the job done completely disappears and it's pushed off to the side. And then another couple of years go by and nothing changes.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Right.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, if we, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Oh, this is like, should I. Follow up with anything or just wait till that call?
Kyle Musca: I would probably follow up with her in maybe like a week or two, even if it's just a message, just to see how she's going. If it's just a touch point to see if she's still on track, that will help you, one, keep tabs on her, but also help keep the relationship warm. So it's not like you're just trying to sell to her every time you speak to her. Or gauge if she has fallen off track, you can just move that call forward.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: The other thing, I haven't had time to do it yet, maybe even try to do it this afternoon, is I'm going to try and build out maybe even a Notion tab or something for my setters. So it's like if there's any, you know, no call, like an unsuccessful call, then at like one month, three months, six months, the setters check in with them.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Because especially if I'm successful. It was like, you know, if someone gets off the phone, they didn't make a decision to change because it was like, especially fear. And then in a month of time, they're in the exact same spot, still feeling like . You know what mean? They're going to feel there's going to be, again, more of a gap for them to actually want to do it. So I feel like there's probably quite a lot of missed potential in those periods.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, for sure. How would you, could you, I don't know if you know off the top of your head or if you'd need to write it out, but could you send me like a script for them? Because they could easily go out through our spreadsheet and message all the unsuccessful ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I got to sit down and look into how I want to structure it, but it would just be like a little, I don't imagine it would be anything too big. It's just like, hey, hey, Rachel, you know, I was just whatever reason to reach out to you. I was just going through some notes and saw your name popped up and I just was interested to see how you're going. So I thought I'd pop in and touch base with you. How's things been since we spoke? Just re-engaging conversation.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Yeah. Cool. That's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: So, again, having that chance to sit down to that as a one-to-do list.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, cool. No, that's a great idea.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Anything else you want to run over at all?
Meg Tovey: Just a funny, funny quick story. Last week, I had a chick who was like dead sold, very much broke. So, like, I think it was a genuine budget thing. Oh, actually, no, no, that's not true. But we were on the call and then I got to the point of being like, oh, when your partner says, like, whatever it is about, like, if he says no, what are you going to do? And she goes, oh, he's in the other room.
Kyle Musca: I'll go ask him now.
Meg Tovey: And I was like, no, and it was just a  worse thing because then she literally went in, put me on mute, and then she came back. So she was so excited. Then she came back, not excited, like ungrounded excited. Like, was genuinely, like, knows I need to do this. And then she came back on the call and she was so dull and she was like, I, yeah, like, we can't, we can't afford it. Like, I just know that  partner had no context or anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: And I was like, , that was so awkward. I didn't know how to, like, stop her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's a tough one. Usually what I've been sort of trying to do in those situations is, like, kind of pin the partner as the bad person. And obviously he can't afford it. He doesn't know, you know, what's involved. He doesn't know what you're struggling with. You know what I mean? Like, you know, I'm sure if you said, hey, it's hard for a dude. Like, hey, I've just bought this surprise getaway for two grand or four grand. We've gone to Bali. He'd be like, , yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But because it's purely for you and they don't really get anything out of it just yet, you know, they're to be absolutely stoked once you get through it. But they don't get anything immediate out of it. Of course, it's too expensive.
Meg Tovey: You guys can't afford it. It was really sad too because she was telling. Telling me how they're not intimate. And so I was kind of like, well, it is impacting him.
Kyle Musca: But we wouldn't think about that if she's just walked in. And this is what happens every time someone goes, I need to ask my partner, I just walk in.
Meg Tovey: I want to do this coaching program.
Kyle Musca: It's $4,000.
Meg Tovey: they're like, oh. Yeah, fully.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Anyone hearing that. And I was like, it was the first time where she's like, actually, it wasn't the first time. But the other time it worked and she was like, she came back and she was like, but that was because she said like, oh, do you mind if I actually just go chat to him right now? Because we've got to the end, the last thing I could have possibly done. And then she was like, no, I generally just need to get his approval and then we're all good.
Kyle Musca: You know what you should do in those situations, actually, is probably better. Be like, yeah, just pick me up and take me over there.
Meg Tovey: We'll both have a chat to him. No, I've done that before. I'm traumatized.
Kyle Musca: Have you ever done that? Tommy has, I haven't done it, but I could imagine. It would be a lot harder than I'm just saying.
Meg Tovey: awkward.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but that's what you want. You want to leverage the awkwardness because the partner then doesn't want to be seen as the bad guy for saying, oh, yeah, look, I've just been having this really great chat with Rachel. She's really, really keen to make a change. We've got this plan fully mapped out. And, you know, she's just been telling me how much it's going to possibly affect her life and her confidence. And she just wanted to make sure that, you know, you are okay and on board with it. I mean, because then if they turn around and like, no, then it's going to be like, well, you're a piece of .
Meg Tovey: Well, when I did do that one time, and now I'm  drawing hearts from doing it ever again, he was like this big, like,  45-year-old, like, big,  jacked guy with a beard. But he was, like, he was, like, very caught off guard. And so he didn't say no, but he was like, you're not going to just make, it was kind of giving the energy of you're not just going to make me make this decision right now. Like, we'll talk about it. He kind of said, like, at the end, like, we'll talk. Talk about it and then we'll kind of come back to you type thing. So then I was like, wow, I'm never doing that again because it was , I look like an idiot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, yeah, it depends on the person, but like I could see a lot of people being like, they just don't want to be publicly seen, especially by a stranger as the person that's holding their partner back by doing something.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And I wouldn't frame it as the pricing sort of more so. would frame it as like, you wouldn't have a problem. Like, wouldn't say that, but like, you wouldn't have a problem with, you know, Rachel doing this type of thing, would you?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Because it's like, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Because it was, I was like, , it would have been sick if I could have got it to work. Because like, I think he had respect for me in the fact that I'm like, just a girl and trying to like, talk to this  man. But also, I didn't really know what to say because I was like, , I haven't been in this position before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. definitely be an awkward position to be in. Yeah, I know.
Meg Tovey: I was kind of expecting the husband to come in and be a full dweeb, and then I would be like, okay, this is sweet, but he was like.
Kyle Musca: I feel like, yeah, I feel like most of the time they would be, to be fair.
Meg Tovey: that's why I was like shook.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Anyway, it's a very niche problem. don't really need a solution for it, I don't think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, that's just the better option to them going in private and be like, hey, I want to do this fitness coaching program. It's four grand. They're going to be like, no.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, fully. I don't even  bother following up if they, if I can't get them to put a deposit down when it's a talk to partner objection, I don't even bother.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would just put like 98% of the time. My actual stats is 98% of the time, if you go and ask your partner, they're going to turn around and say no. If it's all they look at is the price and I could be here selling you the cure to cancer, they would not see the value in it. At the end of the day. Decision is for you. And, you I've spoken to girls who have asked their partner, their partner said no, and I've, you know, checked in on the six months later, they actually build up a lot of resentment for their partner because they passed off the responsibility to someone else to make a decision for their life. Nothing changed. And when nothing changes, you get negative emotions. Who do you think you're going to take that out on?
Meg Tovey: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: So again, you kind of pin the partner as the bad guy, but then also frame it as like, you're the one that needs to make this decision.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I love that. Because you go through objection cycles before you get that. Yeah. Like ultimately, because that's what you need to do. Like you need, you know, you need to make this decision.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Fully. Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Um, all right. We'll keep, yeah, keep crushing. I'm stoked to see the challenge ads are still pulling through for us.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Look, I think one of them's at like 35 bucks.
Kyle Musca: I mean, that's still really good. Anything out of $40 is technically a good ad, so.
Meg Tovey: I think because I've seen them at $13 and $12, I'm like, okay, I know they can get to that, so what do I need to do?
Kyle Musca: I mentioned more to say the book in more ads. I also think the Australian market slowed down massively. I think we're now starting to feel the backlash of all the oil  and everything like that. Like, it wasn't as, it didn't hit as immediately as it happened. I feel like there's a little bit of a delayed effect, but I'm hoping that comes good now that, the straights opened and, you know, it's not as, sorry, fuel has come back down a bit.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah. I'm so ignorant to all of that . If you're worried about the price of fuel, just don't even contact me. Yeah, literally. I'm like, I spend double that on coffee in a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. But it's more, it's more about the fear that the media puts in. to the market rather than any actual physical thing. then people just, like, use that as another excuse. Oh, no, fuel's too expensive. But then they're spending, like, $400 on  Uber Eats a week.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. That was, like, this chick where she spoke to her partner. She was a good 130 kilos, I reckon. And I was – I tried to – I haven't really done this from memory. I haven't done this before on a call. But I tried to, like, go down the actual budget route of, like – because I genuinely don't think she would know how much they would spend on . Because you can't – you can't spend – you can't be 130 kilos and not  buying – like, their grocery bill would be crazy with treats and  takeaway and  like that. But I didn't know how to word that without being, like, getting – her getting defensive.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, let's just sit down and break this down, like, logically. I guess – how much money – like, how many times do you eat out a week?
Meg Tovey: I think by that point, they're kind of like, I know what you're trying to do. So, then they go on –
Kyle Musca: Not really that much. Yeah. Or how much is not much? Like how many times do you do? They don't want to do it, obviously, because they know they're about to  say how much money they spend.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then as soon as they say that, well, I guess like, so it sounds like you do actually have the finances. It just comes down to, I guess, really what's going to be more of a priority to you.
Meg Tovey: You know what I mean? Yeah. Okay. I'm going to pull a couple of different scripts out of this call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome. All right. Well, yeah, keep me updated on how things goes, especially with that coach. And yeah, if you have any questions, just sing out.
Meg Tovey: Thank you. Bye-bye. See you. Bye.


>>> 186/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-30T04:06:39Z | id:142355120
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This week where I slept more than 12 hours. This meeting is being recorded. Yeah, okay. Yeah, wow.
Harry: And I hate that. Like, I hate sleeping more than what I need to. But, you know, I literally felt like I was nailed to the bed. was . So I've, yeah, fully come off those meds that are doing that, did a bit of research into that, spoke to my doctor. So it's all good. We've switched over. And I already feel like genuinely felt like a breath of fresh air this morning. Like, I just, yeah, completely different.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome. Awesome. Yeah, as I was saying, if you go through periods where, like, you go up and downs, like, I have some, like, weeks where my energy's just  shot. And it's really important to sort of, I we only spoke about it last week, so I didn't really have the opportunity. But just, like, when you're sort of feeling good and you're on a high, it's just, like, try and pump things out to the point where you have, like, a bit of a backlog in terms of content. But realistically, what you do in this 30 days will affect the next 90 days. So it's like, if you can just, you know, get  done, essentially. When. And, you know, things inevitably happen, whether it's some life situation or a personal thing or whatever happens, you can afford to sort of take a little bit of a step back and then recover properly without sort of feeling too guilty or anything like that.
Harry: Yeah, you're dead right. And honestly, having that really good week the other week just really, like, saved me. Like, I just, this week was just so, just so off, bro. I just couldn't put my finger on what the  it was. And then I just was, called my doctor. I was like, what the 's going on? I feel like this. He's like, ah, okay, this could be happening. So, yeah, I do have a, like, my, I have a, like, family history of really strong reactions to medications, some more than others.
Kyle Musca: And this one, obviously, clearly just really , yeah, just caught me, man. Yeah, yeah, okay.
Harry: Well, hopefully you could. Yeah, it should be fine. I've also just, so I'm midway through, like, a pretty heavy cut. Like, I'm down about six and a half kilos. And I've just booked Bali. So I fly over there next Saturday. And over there, I'm staying in places with really nice looking areas. Like nice, nice places, staying with a couple of mates and stuff.
Kyle Musca: And the idea is to really  load up on content, just film,  everything, bunch of stuff done so that then I literally have content for like the next six months. Yeah. Perfect, man. Perfect. Yeah. You've already got the, your style of content down, Pat. I reckon in this session, like right now, the, the only thing, one, we've obviously just got to get the graphics and the videos done, which will come now that you've got the energy back.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What I reckon we focus on is just making sure we, we get the absolute most out of the, the, the ad content. just so you understand how to really source content and everything like that. Is there anything specifically that you want to cover in this session?
Harry: Not really. I think honestly, like the, I've got that one, I've got that one graphic sorted and I was just messing around with another one before. Like I've got the way that I can build them now quite easily. Um, I think the biggest thing is I just want to, you know, see effectively how it goes from, okay, we have this graphic, where do we get to, to, okay, now we're seeing it. On people's , you know, people are seeing it as an ad. Like, just, that process, that actual, I'm so unfamiliar with that. I think that's sort of where I just want to, yeah, that's probably the main bit that I want to see.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so in terms of all that stuff, we'll run through that. In terms of all that stuff, man, like, I'll set all that up for you. Save that up.
Harry: I definitely, like, I obviously want you to set it all up, but I do, I just want to understand it. Like, oh, yeah, sorry, it's not loading for me. What's going on here? All right, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this is, like, what the ad account will look like. Obviously, I've got a lot more campaigns and everything than what you'll have. In terms of the ad setup, the ad setup's not, I mean, meta likes to be a bit of. And anything that meta-recommends you probably is just trying to waste your money. So the setup definitely is very, very important, but it's not rocket science at the same time. The hardest thing is the scaling and the managing of the ads and everything like that, understanding all the nuances and I guess the messaging and everything like that behind it, as well as the targeting and everything like that. So we've got three levels. We've got the campaign level, we've got the ad set level, and then we've got the ad level, right? The ad set level is where I'll set up all the targeting and everything like that when it loads. But that is real slow when I'm sharing a Zoom thing. So we're running everything through Instagram direct messages?
Harry: Yep. Is it worth putting any ads out on Facebook?
Kyle Musca: No, not really. Usually Facebook has a higher cost per conversion. Yeah, I can imagine. Talking on weird people or on Facebook.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it also depends. Again, this is where it comes down to nuance because it also depends on, like, who your demographic is.
Harry: If you're targeting, you know, middle-aged women, then, yeah, Facebook might actually be a good place to go.
Kyle Musca: But if you're targeting younger demographic men, for example, you know, Facebook's probably not the place to go.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, I hear you.
Kyle Musca: So in terms of that, we set up the age, set up the gender and everything like that. We set up the location and then I'll come in at all the different, like, audience targeting and everything like that we want to sort of aim for. Again, this is where it comes down to nuance as well because it's like, you know, meta-recommends just going fully broad and just letting the AI take care of it. Again, anything meta-recommends usually is just trying to spend more money than you need to. So I like to sort of filter by different demographics, for example. So, like, I'm talking to Gen Pop people and I want them to be financially qualified, so I go hiring. Become earners. But for someone like yourself and someone like Cal, for example, that doesn't work for him. So what I do for him and probably mostly yourself, again, I'll have to test it all, but put the ad in front of someone who's more interested in fitness, if that makes sense.
Harry: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That doesn't make sense. And then what we do is we come down into, again, meta will try and hide everything from you so you can't see things. And then I just cut off, like, you know, if you'd let meta do everything, like you just, again, go by its recommendations, it will be like, let's just put the ad everywhere and anywhere, see what happens. I just cull all that back and I just put it, you know, on feeds and story placements, exactly where people are most likely to actually click through and see it. Just because that, yeah, we want to funnel all our ad spend towards those placements, essentially.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. I've got those graphics and stuff. Do you want them, like, uploaded into a particular area?
Kyle Musca: If you just pass them to me on a G Drive link, that'll be fine, man. And then this is the ad look. So this is where we set up the actual ad, of course. So this is why it's important to have it. This is a good example. This is why it's important to have all the messaging within a 4x5 aspect ratio because the actual image itself is 916 to fit on stories. But if I had, you messaging down, you can see it cuts off here, like, the pocket here. So if there was any messaging below that, then, one, the send message covers it, but, two, it would just be cut off by that because it wouldn't be able to actually fit within the frame.
Harry: Yep, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Then, again, Meta's going to try and, like, literally at every single step, Meta tries to recommend you  that you kind of have to turn off.
Harry: I've seen literally everyone, like, the comments. I've got a couple of real, like, ad things coming up.
Kyle Musca: TikTok and everyone's like talking about, oh, I spend more time turning  off than I do turning on. Yeah. It's because like a lot of people don't actually know how to set up ads and how to run ads and everything like that. So it's like new advertisers are going to come on and be like, well, meta's recommending I should do it. Because it sounds good, right? You should get a 12% high conversion rate, you know, but it's like, this is just complete .
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So we've the messaging template. So this is what basically fires, you know, when they click that send message, this pops up and then they click the challenge button, which then fires into ManyChat.
Harry: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. That's pretty much the gist of it. There's like a lot more nuance, but like, one, if I went through it all, you won't remember it anyway, because it's just like going into the...
Harry: It's one of those things I just, if I look at it and just run through it a little bit more, I'll just start to sort of get a handle on it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you don't need to worry about all this stuff, to be honest, because I'll, like, basically what I do is I just get my media buyer to set all this up. Because like, what you have to do is this is one ad and he has to set all this up. And then go to a second one, redo it, set it all up again for the exact spot, for the different graphic, change the caption, change all the things around.
Harry: It's just real  tedious. Yeah, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: You know, it's not really rocket science in itself. What is a lot more difficult is obviously the scaling and actually managing it over a long term, making sure that the, you know, cost per lead. Because what can happen, right, is, okay, so this campaign hasn't spent much money. So my campaign's already at a good cost per lead. But what can happen, right, is it can go off this cost per messaging conversation. So this cost per result, this is the, what's going on?
Harry: That's what we've got the cappy thing for, hey.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you can see how this is, you know, usually if this is 2x, like that's pretty good in my opinion.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But again, this can be. Like 10x, this could be 20x, you know what mean? So this is not a really good indicator of it at all. So yeah, and meta is not going to show you one, unless you have this conversion API added, it's not going to show you that. And then it also doesn't show you that naturally, you have to add that to the actual column and everything like that. But what can definitely, what can happen here, what does happen is a couple of things. If it gets hooked on a bad cost per, like a bad audience, but like a lot of people, let's say a lot of young kids are messaging through, right? Right. Because they put their age as like 27 on Instagram. What happens then is meta sees that as a, you know, because again, it's just trying to get paid. It's just trying to get, look, look good on paper. So it's like, cool, you know, we got, we got you a message here. We're going to charge you for that. And because we got your message there, let's show more like this ad to more people just like that.
Harry: So it's like, let's find more 27 year olds that are interested in  Fortnite and, you know, keep streaming. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry: You know.
Kyle Musca: Kids look at it, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you get really hyper-aggressively targeted on that, which can completely  everything, right? Yeah. So it's really important to understand that. And then what will happen is like it will find a winning ad. In that case, would be a very hard losing ad. And it will funnel a lot of the budget towards that ad.
Harry: Right, okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's like that's where people just  dump their money and not get anything back because they don't know how to manage at scale an ad.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on there?
Harry: I don't think so. think them will come as, you know, things are happening.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, oh, what's this? How's this work? Why is that here? Yeah, yeah. So, cool one. Now, a couple of things I wanted to run through with you. One is?
Harry: Oh, remind me I asked you a question as well. I did have something to ask you afterwards.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Ask now.
Harry: Oh, I was just going to say, obviously with bringing on Josh, the coach is going to be working with me. about. Um, And he's got, he's had a few people reach out to him and say, oh, hey, man, like when you are signing coaching, let me know. And I'll, you know, I'd love to sign up with you. And obviously they'll run through my system. And I've spoken to him about like, obviously it would be slightly beneficial to him to get clients from that. My only question was, I want to, you know, obviously I want him to be a part of it all. And obviously we want to do something collaborative in some sense on his Instagram, my Instagram saying that he's joining the team. Now, is there, do you have any recommendations on a process of doing this? Is there a certain way that we should, you know, do that? I just feel like you're the guy to ask if that's the, yeah. Sorry, that's a bit broad.
Kyle Musca: No, let's have a look at Josh.
Harry: Good physique. Doesn't have that many followers, but good. Josh Harrison. At Thailand, Wi-Fi is no good. Hold on, I can't see anything yet.
Kyle Musca: It hasn't popped up.
Harry: Yes, yes, that one. So obviously we can fix up his, like we want to obviously, I'll get him to put all the stuff that effectively I've got in my account, on his account. So at the moment, obviously it's, you know, a bit surfstrappy, but he's got good, really good physique, good shape, really solid upper. And yeah, like obviously.
Kyle Musca: The issue here, has he, has he got his own coaching business?
Harry: No.
Kyle Musca: So the issue with it, because I know and I like Josh, the issue here is he gets really good engagement.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: He has a decent following and he gets good engagement. So, I mean, what I could see, you know, the biggest thing when, if you're going to bring on a coach.
Harry: Right. One is, how many active clients do have at the moment? 48.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So the biggest thing like with bringing on a coach is making sure we have the lead flow first, because otherwise, they just, is he doing other work?
Harry: Has he got another job or anything? He's a support worker, so his lifestyle, like it could very easily just threat, like it's sort of like it can just build up to a point, like it's pretty.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's probably a good side job to sort of have, because then he can transition out.
Harry: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: The issue is like, you can't give him clients at a decent enough rate, then he'll never be able to like fully transition into it.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So like the biggest thing there is like lead flow, making sure that's, and for me, that's like trying to get at least five clients a week. And if can do that consistently, it's like, okay, cool. Makes sense to bring a coach, you know what mean? Yeah. But with, with him and like, he's getting really good engagement and he's got a good physique and he's already posting. This type of content is at the point. So it's like, if you bring him into your business and you see how the business operates and, you know, he, especially because he's doing the fulfillment work of the coach himself, I could very easily see him just getting to the point where, you know, kind of like you did with the board twins where it's like, okay, I can go do this myself.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. I know that that's, that's something there in place, but there's like the way that I'd have it structured and like, you know, as much as yes, that's something that's on my mind. I also wouldn't be opposed to like, obviously the goal is not to just have one coach. Obviously the goal is to have more coaches. goal is to have build it up so that I'm completely above it. And, and look at him being the first coach coming in, would obviously then be the most senior coach. And I'd be absolutely inclined, you know, if the twins had have said, oh, Harry, you can, you know, you can, you can buy into the company and sit up somewhere closer to us and keep working with us. And I had given me a better  pay rate. would have stuck around because I was, I didn't have to do any advertising. didn't have to do any marketing, anything. I just could do whatever. And I want that to be something that I. I can offer to him at a certain point. I know that maybe that's not going to earn me the most money, but that's my number one thing. I'm like, I don't want to get to a point where it gets like that. So I want to make it as incentivized as possible. I want him to be earning good  money at the top. If he's working with 60 plus clients, I want him to be getting fantastic money. I don't want him to be questioning how to go about it. Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry: I know that's always something that's going to be there, but I, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The issue with that though is like you get him to the point where even if they did come up to, like, let's say you even maybe become partners or something like that, or he buys into the business. Then it just becomes to the point where, again, you got to look at it from his perspective as well. Because it's like, if he knows how to coach, he has a good following, especially if he keeps building and everything like that. It's like, why would I even take 60% when I can. just go take 100%, if that makes sense. And then what ends up happening there is if you do split all the profit margins and everything like that, and you do start paying him a lot more per client because he's a partner in the business, then it really suffocates you to the point where it doesn't make sense.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then the conversation will come up of like, well, what about all the clients that I currently have? Because you've technically brought them in, but they're under him.
Harry: I'd have like strict, like the twins had pretty strict things in place with me that I couldn't take clients. So I just obviously would have a very, like a cover, a very covered contract. Yeah. I mean.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, that's what you had for sure. But like at the same time, people can still do that. So, for example, you know, Jesse, like what happened with Jesse and Keanu? You know what mean?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry: I think that was a bit, that was messier. Like that was, I, like I, I don't know. I don't know. I'm just also like, you know. I would rather work with, you know, even if it means as, because this is like, I, you know, my first, first obviously coach, like it's going to take a while for him to step to a point where, you know, it is, he's never done coaching before. So I'm going to have to teach him obviously from scratch. So it's going to still take a while to get to that point. I feel like he's a super, super caring dude, super, super loyal, caring dude, which is one of the main things that I think he'd be a  fantastic coach for, like way too caring in some circumstances. Um, I think that it would be, he's not really like cutthroaty, like what I think more so I was with coming out of, with the twins because I want, and, and the, you know, the twins are paying me  $20 a coach, like a client, which I'll be pushing him like up, double that effectively, um, to, to keep him around and obviously have that top pay grade.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, like, Mm-hmm. No, you should definitely want to pay your coach. Like, I pay my head coach, like, over three grand a week at the moment, right?
Harry: Yeah. How many clients does he have?
Kyle Musca: Or she? He'd have about, like, 80 or 85.
Harry: I'd have to double check, but something like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Which is manageable. I'm like, he's not stressed.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But the issue there is, like, I mean, you can bring in higher ticket packages and everything like that, but it's like, you do have to look at it from a, again, you're the captain of the ship at all times.
Harry: I just wanted you to have all the information so you can make No, of course.
Kyle Musca: You've got to look at the profit margins and everything like that when you get to that point because it's like, yes, like, one, if you bring in ads, you've got to consider an ad spend, right?
Harry: Of course.
Kyle Musca: If you start hiring a team and expanding team, there's a lot more expenses that go into all of that side of things as well. Of And then, you know, if you're, you know, paying him, again, it depends on the package because I pay my head coach for the top tier package, $50 per week per client. But that's because, you know, it's pretty comprehensive. to say, oh, let Yeah. Two calls and everything like that that go into it, right?
Harry: Yeah, that's a lot.
Kyle Musca: Whereas his normal call package is about $35 a week. So it's definitely plausible. You just have to keep in mind that there will be, especially as you get to that point where he is fully filled out and everything, you're going to have other expenses in the business. So it's not like it's just technically $150 a week. I pay him, let's say, $40 a week and I've got $110 left over. It's like, then you've got to take in tax, you've got to take in X, Y, Z expense as well.
Harry: Of course, of course. I think that that's where, obviously, like I'm not under the impression that it's going to happen, you know, overnight. Like it's going to take me a bit to get there.
Kyle Musca: I'm planning to move my residency if that gets to a point where tax would be beneficial to be elsewhere.
Harry: I'm definitely prepared to do that. I think that he would also be the only one that would be on this structure. I think I want someone else that can sort of, you know, I look at, you know, for instance, I look at. Sage and Kawhi, I never know how to say his  name. I like the structure they have with what they do. Obviously, I still think that I wouldn't be getting them to do weekly calls with clients. I've never done that before, so I don't know if I would do that. Because I just think that that's such a huge demand on time.
Kyle Musca: So a couple of things there. With Kawhi, Kawhi is perfect for what you'd be looking for because he had tried to do it for himself, but he just failed.
Harry: Like, he just couldn't do it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like that's perfect because then they're not going to be ambitious to go out and do it himself. Whereas, you know, someone like Josh hasn't done it himself. And if he does get a good following or he has a good following, and especially if he's getting people asking him for coaching, it may just click to him one day.
Harry: It's like, well, I'll just go out and do this myself. I think it's, yeah, I mean, like, you know, obviously like being day in, day in with... With Josh and seeing the way he works and seeing the way he does things and all that structure and stuff. Like, I don't think that's in his nature. And look, it may be down the track. And in which case, obviously, I'll cross that bridge. But, you know, just everything that I've sort of spoken to him about, like, he's just so eager to learn. And yes, he hasn't done this by himself, but he's also quite cautious in that sense. Like, I don't think he would, quite frankly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry: Yeah, I don't know. Well, the biggest thing with that, I'm just, like, giving you all answers. No, no, no. It was your super vote, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I guess the biggest thing with that as well is just keep him very much coaching focused. Don't let him have any, like, peek behind the curtains of any other parts of the business. Yeah, okay.
Harry: Because you don't, like, in terms of getting him into sales, I wouldn't even give him the capabilities.
Kyle Musca: wouldn't get him to do any front-end marketing. I wouldn't publicize him anyway or anything like that because you don't want to, you don't want And for him, you know, because if he's, if realistically, if he's coaching and he's making content, that's pretty much all he needs to go start his own business.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. mean, so it's like, yeah, yeah. If that makes sense. Plus, dude.
Harry: No, no. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Plus, dude, the other thing as well is like girls do this, girls tend to do this a lot is like they make this massive public thing about bringing on a coach and everything. It's cool. Absolutely. But like, realistically, nobody really, you know, pays that much attention. So it's like, it doesn't have like the, the, the massive impact. And in saying that as well, girls do tend to be, and Josh, you know, he might, you know, be like this. Girls do tend to be a little bit more, I guess, content with working under someone else, if that makes sense.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And like another girl I work with, she's doing really well. She has a coach that has, I think, I can't remember exactly, but she has like, let's say 60,000 followers or something. She's got to be following. But she doesn't want to go out and do her own thing. She doesn't want to do anything. She just wants to keep working under her. So like works out in that regard. So, I mean, you just got to be cautious about it and just know, and just keep an eye on it, essentially. But in saying that, like, as long as you treat him well, you have a good relationship with him, you're in good communication with him. It's like, there's no real reason for him to just , you know, high road you one day.
Harry: Exactly. And that was the sort of thing like with the, you know, twins and how I left that. There was about five or six different instances where I brought up something about it that I was like, the money wasn't enough or this wasn't, you know, the demand got great. Like, there was so many identifying signs. And then they started to still push against it and make those cheap decisions and get the  South of African coaches. And the whole, just everything went the wrong direction to what I wanted, to what I needed it And I just, obviously, like, I care for Josh. Like, I want to make sure that I can keep him and have him be as happy as possible with working with me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. As long as you feel like he's a good fit and everything like that.
Harry: I do. Yeah, I actually do. And look, all the things that you've spoken about absolutely have been bouncing around my mind. But it's sort of the thing. It's like, you know, Josh is 27. And it's like, if he really, like, had have wanted to, he would have, you know, so it's, Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, that's, yeah. Like, if he's not super business-orientated, focused-wise.
Harry: He's not. No, no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Then, yeah. Because it is a good gig. Like, again, my coach gets paid three grand a week for probably that.
Harry: Yeah, probably. It's 150K for being on your computer 20 hours a week. It's not bad gig.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, not bad at all.
Harry: Would you get me to switch up his thing so that it does say, like, online coaching, his bio and stuff, so that. No.
Kyle Musca: Like, because my coach has gotten to, like, to say.
Harry: Same point where- Bro, he's so shredded all the  time, man. It is insane.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like I was- because he's kind of similar. Like he gets really good engagement and everything like that. He's got to the same and everything. If he wanted to go out and do it, he probably well could.
Harry: He could, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But he's so focused on his training and everything like that that he doesn't want to do that.
Harry: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that makes sense.
Harry: I mean, like I've got it in the back of my mind that, you know, one day I'll probably get the message, but- Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So far, you know, so good.
Harry: And I think that's the biggest thing. If I can just keep offering that, you know, this is the best option for right now. Like, you know, see me go through the struggle of building on the clients and all this stuff. And like, I just, yeah, yeah, I think that'd be- But I hear everything you said would bounce around my head.
Kyle Musca: Absolutely. That is. Cool. So a couple of things. We could talk about the ad content or we could talk about organic content. Which one would you prefer?
Harry: Look, actually, probably with me about to head over to Bali, organic content.
Kyle Musca: Organic content? Cool. So did you figure out a type of content that you wanted to do?
Harry: Like, I honestly want to try my – I really want to try my hand in it all. So I've been recording all that I've been doing at the moment and just purely because it's just like I haven't really found a process or a way or whatever. But I've only really been just filming in the gym and just like stuff like that. I haven't filmed any nutrition stuff. I haven't really filmed any like things externally to the gym, which is obviously what my main content is. So I do find it a little bit like – I guess daunting is the right word. So a lot of that would just be procrastination for not starting. Yeah, of course, of course.
Kyle Musca: So like, again, I find in those situations, man, just like spend the time to  around with it, you know, play. Just because I even get caught in this sometimes as well, where it's like I won't do something because I'm not sure how to do it, if that makes sense. But if you spend like, so for example, great example, I started my podcast this week and I kind of put it off, not put it off, but I was kind of like almost procrastinating about it because I was like, well, I don't know how to set it up. I don't know how to do X, Y, Z, but then it's just like, I just spend the day like reorganizing the room, playing around with it, you know, doing proof recordings. It feels like a waste of time at the time, if that makes sense. But then it's like, if you figure it out and you can, you know, start doing it, then it's like, like, it's not a waste of time at all because now, you know, if that makes sense.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think I've lost you for a second. Oh, you're there, bro. I can't hear you at the moment.
Kyle Musca: So now do you want to do, so one, I think carousers would definitely be good for you. They're, they're pretty simple and straightforward and you've done them before. So I feel like we don't need to spend too much time on that.
Harry: Can you hear me? Yeah. Oh, hold on. I got, you know, I just missed the, I mean, I heard what you said in that second part of it, but I didn't hear what type of content you were talking about. Oh, you're there, bro. I can't hear you at the moment, bro.
Kyle Musca: Uh, yeah. So I feel like, um, definitely think, um, should, should do them.
Harry: Why is this being such a prick about it? I could, I could, he's coming back in, um, passages. I heard carousels that time. That's all good. Would you recommend doing some carousels with like, um, you know, like for instance, think like that gem fan girl does some more right ones of like, um, you know, more. Coaching-style related stuff. Would you recommend doing some stuff like that? Well, I think I've lost you again, bro. I'm not getting anything at the moment, bro.
Kyle Musca: What's going on here?
Harry: I can, I just got a black screen, but it's really cut out from you, bro. I can just hear static at the moment, bro. I'm not sure if you can hear me. Oh, I don't know if I can hear you now. Oh, there we go. There we go. can see you now, bro.
Kyle Musca: can see you now. There we go.
Harry: You're still frozen, but I can hear you just then. I don't know what's going on. Perfect. What's going on? All right, think. Okay, I think I got you now. It keeps like I'm getting just real staticky. I think, is that right? Oh, yeah, yeah. There we go. There we go. got you. Can you hear me now? I don't know what's going on, bro. It's just so laggy. Cool. So, totally.
Kyle Musca: It's not usually this bad. don't It says I've got four bars.
Harry: I'm getting it like once every 30 seconds, bro. I get like a five-second passage and then it cuts out again. There we go. There we go. got you. I got you. got you. It was just  wigging out. Yeah. Yeah. I think I got you now, bro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, there we go.
Harry: Oh, nah. Just bugging out. That's a bit smoother, I think, yeah. It was just, I would get like one sentence every 30 seconds.
Kyle Musca: I don't know if it's my computer or my Insta.
Harry: Well, give me one second, bro. Cheers, mate. I'm still frozen, bro. I don't if you can hear me at all. All right, I think I got, maybe now, bro.
Kyle Musca: It's looking better than it was, I guess.
Harry: Yeah. I can hear you now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think I'll continue.
Harry: All right, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think you're already good at the style of content you do.
Harry: Carousels you've done before as well.
Kyle Musca: So I think you should definitely... Have you done any of them recently?
Harry: No, I haven't actually. Not any coaching-based ones at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'll probably do at least two or three of them a week. Again, great place to add some social proof and everything like that.
Harry: Do you have any people I should look at there? Oh, actually, sorry. You sent me the one that does the  hand ... What are they called? Do you know what I'm talking about? They use the gloves, suckle fuckle, some .
Kyle Musca: Matt West. EBT does them. I think Sean Casey does them a fair bit.
Harry: I don't see his kind of... Casey.
Kyle Musca: I don't hate any more, but I think Sean Casey does do them. And then, yeah, if you see any, just take note of who the name is that actually did them. Yeah. Girls also tend to do them quite a bit. So I think, you know, trying to get some sort of talking video in there would be ideal so people can actually see whether it's a voiceover, whether it's a, or a talking head one. Which one would you prefer to try?
Harry: Probably a talking head,  it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So I need to be able to share my screen. Hopefully this doesn't  work out. So there's a couple of ways to do this. Now, do you want to do just talking straight off for a topic or do you want to do reacting?
Harry: I think probably initially just a talking straight off a topic would probably advise me more. Oh, sorry, got me cut out a bunch then. But I think probably just talking straight to, striking about something.
Kyle Musca: The reactive stuff, I think I can bridge into that, but this is initially first. Yeah, okay. So. Are you going to have to share my screen again? Let me even pull it up before I start sharing . Is there anyone that does that type of content that you like?
Harry: I do really like, obviously, what evidence-based training does. Evidence-based, what is it? Is that what his name is? No, not evidence-based. Sorry, what am I trying to say? The  with the glasses. Hire Out Wellness. Sorry, that's what I'm trying to say. Hire Out Wellness. I like what he does. I just like the structure that he puts in place, just of like the start and talk. I think the bit that I struggle with, like I have some good things that I want to talk about. It's just the initial, how do I get people to stay watching the  video from the start? You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that comes down to the point. So that's where I kind of almost feel the reaction video is better because the reaction videos are like a visual hook that get people engaged first.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But again, they're both pretty similar. If you can do a talk in the head video, you can do a reaction video, right?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But just on that action.
Kyle Musca: So who did he say?
Harry: Sorry, cut out. Higher Up Wellness. I like his stuff. So just the way that he just does it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can see that?
Harry: I've just got a blank.
Kyle Musca: I've got a black screen at the moment. Let's stop sharing. I don't know why it's struggling so much. me off.
Harry: MacBook's my man,  low on charge,  headache.
Kyle Musca: You can see that?
Harry: No, I've still got a black screen. It's set like I can see it. Oh, now I've got it. Now I've got it. I've got it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that is. So best one is to obviously come through. What I like to do is I like to go to Reels, right? And then go to ones that are an outlier in terms of views, right? So that one, the one with a million looks like it's just a... I'm not talking about this, so we'll just skip that one. So, for example, this one has 119, right?
Harry: Yep. It's super laggy, but I, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I might even just  restart my computer if it's going to be such a annoying count. Just now it's not playing with audio. It's just not audio. All right. I'm going to restart my computer. Yeah, just sorts the  out.
Harry: No stress, bro. That's all good. Do you me to leave this and join a different one when you open it up?
Kyle Musca: Try and stay. Probably we'll have to do that, but try and stay in this one just because hopefully the Fathom thing stays in it. Okay, easy.
Harry: There we go. That was a bit better.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. All right.
Harry: That was annoying.
Kyle Musca: Can you please give me access to share my screen? I gave you a host before I left.
Harry: Oh, of course.
Kyle Musca: Oh, reclaim master. I can just take control of anyone. Perfect.
Harry: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. All right. You can see all that?
Harry: That's all good? Yeah. Gotcha.
Kyle Musca: Good. Oh, you're so annoying. Why does that not give me? Anyway, whatever. it. He's going to give me my computer. Now. Now, if you want to pull up your phone as well, just because let me show you what I was going to show you.
Harry: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, come to a video that's an outline in terms of views, right? And then really just like break it down step by step in terms of, you know, how he's filmed it and everything like that. So for this, even that, like it's not very highly professional. He doesn't have a shirt on. It's not anything crazy, right? And that itself is something to take in consideration because what I've found is like if you get something like really high quality video camera type, stuff with all the microphones and stuff, yada, yada, yada, people just watch it instantly, think it's an ad. So like get really sort of critical with how you're analyzing this, even with this, you know, there's text above it. What does that do? It makes it its own little thumbnail, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You can see that he does that for pretty much all of them as well, right?
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Really want to change your life? Okay. So what was the hook? You really want Change your life. Now, take that hook and then apply it to what you want to specifically talk about, right? So it's like, yeah. Again, without over... Also, even with that, it's very casual. You really want to change your life, okay? It's not anything too gimmick or anything like that. So it's like, you could say like, you really want to build a physique and make, you know, you really want to build a physique. You really want to build a physique that you're actually proud of, okay?
Harry: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man. Now, keep in mind as well, when you do these talking to head ones and everything like that, especially the talking to head ones cold, like without any sort of reaction or anything like that, I find that they don't do very well for most people, simply because he's been doing them for so long that he's become the guy that's known for doing them. You know what I mean? So people stop watching him. Whereas like... when the first time they see you, you're just some random  dude talking, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what I, yeah, that's why I like the reactions because it allows you to sort of get your foot in the door and become known for being, I guess, someone.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Let go. Let it all go. That desire to be. He's also eating, which you could argue is a bit of a visual hook, right? You know what I mean? Yeah. Something people look at. Heard or understood, let it go. So that wrestling you do when you try to not feel the grief, the pain, the anger, the sadness, or whatever you're experiencing at the current emotional state you're in, let that wrestle go. See how he's, now this is something I'm very big on as well. See how he's talking. He doesn't say anything. Sometimes he will do like, he's quite good at doing just  pressing record and just talking without stop. But I find that's very, very difficult to do for most people. What I would really, really recommend doing is only doing like one sentence or maybe even half a sentence and then stopping. Thinking about what you're going to say next, this is really big, saying it exactly how you want it to be said. If there's any sort of delays, if you get a little bit tongue-twisted, anything like that, you know, you don't like your tonality on it, whatever, just redo it. You know what mean? Don't move on until you're happy with that, without sort of overanalyzing and trying to perfect it because it's like, you know, this is something I'm kind of guilty of. You might do it actually pretty decently and then try and redo it 10 times and they just all sound the exact  same. You know what mean? Yes. You really want to change your life, you need to surrender. You see, the way that you think things should be versus the way that things actually are in reality, that delta between those two things, that is suffering and it is created. So if I was going to look at this and do a video like that, you really want to build a physique you're actually proud of? Or you really want to build a physique that looks like you actually lift? Or you actually, you know, whatever, right? You change your life? Okay. Let go. Then he eats, which is a visual hook. Like, um, stop trying so hard. You know mean?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let it all go. It's also very casual. I find these ones talking to head ones. It's you need to do it with like a little bit more of a casual, slower tonality, because if you're very  in people's faces, they instantly see you and just keep scrolling. Whereas it's like, you'll notice with his, it's very like, just sort of like talking to a friend, I guess. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Right. You know, because if it's really high energy, high pace, one, people don't listen to that.
Harry: And again, it kind of comes across as like addy or salesy, right? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That makes sense. That desire to be heard or understood. Let it go. That wrestling. So what I would come do is come and analyze. Most of you are focused on the wrong things. I'm going to give you an example. This is one of my best friends. Yeah. Yeah. you know, try a second. Could even be like, no, I've coached hundreds of guys. I've coached hundreds of guys and reality is most of you are focusing on the wrong things. If you're trying to build, I've coached hundreds of guys and the reality is if you're trying to build muscle, I've coached hundreds of guys and the reality is if you're trying to build muscle, most of you are focusing on the wrong things.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: As Will, Built by Beaches, Instagram. This is a video that went absolutely stupid viral. Yeah, and then you can use this as a social proof. Again, see how there's a visual component to it. Like, always try and show something on screen if you can. Do the green screen overlays. Point to things because that keeps the eye really engaged. So, for example, you can do it.
Harry: Oh, sorry. Just to cut in on that point. Do you do your green screen overlays on edits or in CapCut?
Kyle Musca: Do you have a particular way that you? Always do it in edits because edits is Instagram's own app.
Harry: push it more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Don't do anything in CapCut. They probably dis... Probably get restricted. You probably won't, but just don't do it. For example, this is my client, Will. He'd been training for three years, but barely looked like he never even touched the chin. 12 weeks later, he'd stacked on six kilos of muscle and whatever you got. 7.5 million views talking about how you can get 100 grams of protein for grilled nuggets at Chick-fil-A. Sorry, 30 nuggets, 100 grams of protein at Chick-fil-A. That was the purpose. You know what Sometimes I'm even reacting to comments as well. Like, you know what mean?
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would like to...
Harry: Can you do that through Instagram?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Fairly sure you can. not sure.
Harry: I haven't. I've commented on that.
Kyle Musca: Formally declare if you were using your nine-to-five job as a reason why you can't get healthy and go get steps outside, you are lying to yourself. That is, you could, I wouldn't. Steal that hook word for word, but like that is something that directly applies to, you know.
Harry: To what we're doing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. All right. Okay. So that's basically how you source content ideas. Don't try and create your own hook, right? Analyze hooks from other creators that do this style of content, that do it well, and just twist that and apply it to yours because you know it works.
Harry: I'm just going to do it. I'm just  overcomplicating this .
Kyle Musca: I'm just procrastinating it. I just need to  do it. Yeah. Don't. Yeah. Just go analyze other content that's already worked. There's no point in trying to reinvent the wheel. Now, the biggest thing for this, right, is this is what I want on your phone for. When you go under the Reels tab, right? Yep. In the top right-hand corner, you'll see those three little dots.
Harry: Yep.
Kyle Musca: That's going to open up your algorithm, right? So you can add anything that you want to see in there.
Harry: So wait, on the Reels tab on him or on my, oh, sorry, Reels tab just on Explore?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Go to your Reels tab.
Harry: Yep. And then it's got the little like love heart like thing.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, type in anything that you want to see more of, you know, fitness content, motivation, whatever, you know, um, you could even maybe add higher up wellness. That's, that's the lesser component, but what you can do there is like, so you probably already have some stuff there, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I do. Click on something and you'll see how it comes up with watch, watch reels.
Harry: Reels. Oh, .
Kyle Musca: I did not know that was a thing, man. Yeah. So if you want to see more of something now, those are the lesser components. The biggest thing is go back to your reels, um, like a video on your post. Yep. See under the share button of the reel is the three little dots.
Harry: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Kyle Musca: If you see something that you like and you want to see more of click interested, that is the most important thing you can do. The algorithm I found, yes, it can show you a few more things. If you find a few videos where you click interested on your entire feed, it will just be  that type of video over and over and over again, right? Especially when you want to do reaction videos or whatever you want to do. You just want to see more of a certain type of content, right? That is by far the biggest thing that will shift your algorithm into it.
Harry: Okay, got it, got it, got it.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense?
Harry: Yeah, yeah. I didn't even know that algorithm thing was even there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, that's the biggest way to go about it. And then, again, the biggest thing is just play around with it. Again, when you're on edits, just don't try and overfilm, all right? Like, just say it in one sentence or half a sentence and then cut it and then say the next thing exactly how you want it to be said. And then, you know, just stitch it all together and remove any of the dead space between the start and end of sentences.
Harry: Yeah, of course. You almost want to be, like, interrupting yourself.
Kyle Musca: Not quite, but almost interrupting yourself. Yeah, you just don't want it to be, like, any dead start. Like, at the end of a sentence, if you want something to sink a little, like, hit a little bit harder, then you might have, like, little bit of a, a little bit The delay, just so it, again, hits a little bit harder, but for the most part, you don't want anything, any boring, you know, unintentional slowing down.
Harry: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And then film a few, play around with a few, and then send them over to me. And, you know, film, batch film them, you know what mean? Don't just do one at a time in terms of film one, and then I'll cut film one tomorrow. Film like, try and film like five or six at a time, minimum, because the first one will probably suck, but by the time you get to the fourth, fifth one, you'll be in the mood to do one when you have a rhythm going about it.
Harry: Do you have a, like, a way of just getting, like, obviously, just  to talk about? Because, like, there's a few things, you know, there's some stuff I want to mention, I have some ideas, but do you have any way of actually just getting like that?
Kyle Musca: So, again, go source inspiration from other accounts, other creators and everything like that. What are they talking about? Don't be boring, you know what I mean? Like, no one, if you, it needs to, you think about it, has to be polarizing. People have to have opinions on it. If you're going to... If you create a video talking about, you know, you need to have two minutes rest, I guarantee you it's going to flop because no one really cares about that.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Like, unless it's, you know, that's where a reaction video comes in a little bit handier because it's like if a video has already gone viral around rest periods or something like that, then you can always jump in there and you can put your own opinion and everything like that, right? But it's like if you just make a video on that alone, it's quite boring. People aren't going to watch it.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. The other thing as well is don't try and over-educate. Don't try and over-coach, right? You'll notice with all my videos, I don't really educate much at all. It's more so, and same with, you know, even higher up wellness and everything like that. Like, you know, you don't, he doesn't talk to you about anything educational, for example. It's more so the what. Again, with content, it's the what but not the how, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because the what is what people are interested in and then it also creates the gap for how to do it, which means they'll come to you.
Harry: So if I was just... Say something like, you know, have something along the lines of like, you know, about getting a six-pack. Because I think, like myself, I have pretty  good abs. I'm very lucky with my genetics. I've never trained  abs in my life, and I have a very detailed six-pack. So I want to play to that. You know, obviously, that's one of my strengths. want to play to that. When you say something like that, you know, if I was to jump in there, use what we just watched, you know, I've coached hundreds of guys that want a six-pack, and this is what most of them are doing wrong. Or this is, you know, they're not focusing on the right thing. Where you said, obviously, the what but not the how. Where do I step with that to not explain the how?
Kyle Musca: Or what do I miss? Does that make sense? So, for example, if you're going to do that, be like, if you've been in the gym, but no matter what you do, you just can't seem to get a six-pack, here's three reasons why. First one, it's your genetics. Second one, you're too fat. Third one, you know. You're too fat. At the end of the day, it's like any other muscle. If you're not lean enough for the definition to show through, they're not going to show. Third one is you're not actively training them, right? Again, it's still any other muscle. Yes, being lean, make them show, but if you do directly train them, they will grow larger. That is the what, but it's not the how. I'm not saying do  three sets of abs twice a week, you know what I mean?
Harry: Yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And then use images and stuff like that, right?
Harry: Yeah, and that's the stuff I haven't done before. Yeah, do. And like, yeah, stand back from the camera and have a six-pack.
Kyle Musca: Like, I know that. No, just get a photo of green screen, right?
Harry: And boom, there's a, yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you're wondering who's this dickhead on your screen telling you what to do, here's my credentials.
Harry: Yeah, okay. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man. Cool, bro. I do have to run. I do have to jump my call, but any other questions running up?
Harry: I don't think so. It's just literally like everything that you've said, I understand.
Kyle Musca: And I just need to put my   into it and do it. Yeah. And this is, we'll talk about this probably more next week, but time block. Have certain times throughout the week where you know every single week that is your period of filming content. I usually like doing it in the morning, more so at the start of the week when I'm higher on energy, more recovered after the weekend.
Harry: Makes sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, man. Try to get some done shooting through me and I'll put you feedback on.
Harry: Awesome. Could you flip me through the recording of this when you get a sec as well? Yeah, definitely. Pleasure, bro. Cheers, man. Thank you, bro. I'll talk to you very soon. Cheers, bro. Cheers,


>>> 187/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-30T05:06:02Z | id:142358949
People: Kyle Musca

xavier kelly: This meeting is being recorded. Not too... Wait, am I... No, we're on Zoom. It's been all right. I had that one call, which did well, but the bookings have just dropped quite a lot. So I've just been looking over things and it just seems like the speech lead is just not good. So I've communicated that. And yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. How many hours is the setter working?
xavier kelly: Typically about six a day, six or seven.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And so speed to leads you think is not good. Is that because the leads are coming in outside of that or they're not replying promptly within that window? What's...
xavier kelly: It's hard. I'd have to line up when they clocked in and clocked off to just get a good understanding of that. But I think regardless, it's just not on point. Like, when I was going through on ManyChat, like, some of them were, like, two, three days, right?
Kyle Musca: Okay.
xavier kelly: So anything like that? Yep.
Kyle Musca: Let's have a look. But anything like that with Clemet, you need to really highlight that and just be like, it's not good enough. Like, obviously, don't be a dick about it for the first couple. Like, you know, once or twice is fine if they take the feedback on. If it does persist, then it's like you need to put your foot down a little bit more. Okay. So let's have a look here.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Now, what are the tags for the highest-quality leads? Qualified. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so I'm already seeing here, this is Clemage, so you can tell she's actually in the account, but she's just following a script, which is not ideal from that one thing. So that was 25th of April, yeah, way too long, no longer interesting. So when was that? Was that before she started working? When did she start working?
xavier kelly: She started working like last year? No, no, no. She's still working. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that was two days. That's too long. 16th of April, 16th of April. That would have been before.
xavier kelly: That was before, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this guy's a doctor. He is from Mexico, but he's a surgeon. So he should have the money.
xavier kelly: Correct.
Kyle Musca: Is that you? Oh, Charlie. So yeah, anything like that, you need a screenshot and say like, don't ask that because that's just, again, if you ask that, it will lead to this question.
xavier kelly: Yeah. That was a while ago. That was.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Was that the old setter?
xavier kelly: Exactly. Mm-hmm. The 12th of April.
Kyle Musca: 63, 28th, 29th. I would get them to stop. I don't know if you asked this. Is this you? Oh, sorry.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I think that's me.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, sorry, this part. Yeah, so she's working. Just because they say they're financially restricted or, you know, budget's their biggest concern, that's not really an indicator that they're not necessarily qualified. But I wouldn't ask that there. I would only, only ask the $500 question if they're not working. But she said she's a desk job working full-time. I mean, does that make sense? Because right now, one, just in general, because like once you do enough calls, you'll realize, especially if you check DMs and stuff a lot, you realize a lot of people say something like this, but that doesn't, like has no real bearing on whether or not they would sign because they don't see the value in it yet. So, yeah, I wouldn't, I wouldn't ask that.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Let's go. It's going to last week.
xavier kelly: So follow-up needs to be like LeadMag interested as well.
Kyle Musca: Where's LeadMag interested? Where's the lead?
xavier kelly: tag.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no, I'm just trying to look at direct response. LeadMag interested. Oh, right, right. Actually, yeah. No, no. Yeah. i don't think i can do both of those okay let's just look at direct because there are so one i would definitely have all of them if you put it as yeah i'd be able to claim a little bit more about follow-up because there's not yeah because none of these have been followed up with which isn't good enough what are you saying um um So I'll check this as well, by the way.
xavier kelly: it feels like just like the another thing is it feels like if someone does say something, it'll be a while before they get back into it.
Kyle Musca: So it could definitely potentially be because a lot of your clients or a lot of your followers seem to be or potentially are US. So pounds.
xavier kelly: US. Pounds. Yeah, and it's kind of a bit issues in terms of.
Kyle Musca: Pounds. So what's happening there is if you've got them in from like, let's say, 4 to 10 p.m. night or something like that, Australian, then that's terrible. Like, you know, it's 1 a.m. for them. So I'd have a chat to her. Sorry. Okay. a STG. 7am. So I would have a chat to her and get her in probably in the mornings more than anything, to be honest, because again, a lot of your leads do come from US. Yes, you get some Australian ones, but one, you can kind of try and conversate with them a little bit. And two, the setters, yeah, you're just not getting as many Australian leads. So I would, it makes sense to shift the times that the setters are in there for the US. And then again, you can just try and keep an eye on the, on the conversation a little bit more.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Do you know what times they're currently in there at the moment?
xavier kelly: 8 to 11am is what I've seen. So like 8am to 11. 9am, then 2pm to 4pm, Australian Eastern Standard Time, and then 6pm to 9pm, Australian Eastern Standard Time. Let me copy in this situation.
Kyle Musca: I would probably go like, yeah, 7am to 11am. And then you might even want to cut that at the midday one and you just try and focus on them a bit. And then just keep them in there at the night time.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you can see, I mean, that's 8am. It might be my time, so that's 10am. But they should have replied back to that.
xavier kelly: Yeah, that's what I mean. There's a few of them where I feel like they've like... Maybe doing a follow-up or something and they see a notification. They're not instantly on it. So I messaged them about that. I sent them screenshots and I'm like, you guys, like you can't even wait 45 seconds. Like, and I said, when someone's messaging you, like their messages, like like it or heart it so that they know that you're reading it and you're about to respond. And I also said, instead of sending the big message at the start, like, hey, I was looking for my coaching profiles. Just send the word, hey, exclamation mark, so that they know that you're there and they go, oh, hey, back. And then after that, you quickly go into the question. So I said, write, hey, and then a separate message, it's Xavier, awesome to see. No, I actually got rid of it, it's Xavier, just hey, next message, awesome to see.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: So you like start that conversation. They don't just like move out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Okay. How many calls have you had booked in the last day?
xavier kelly: Only that guy who was the follow-up that I had previously booked in the past, but rebooked him in because he missed the call on the day. Besides that, there's been none this week. But on my phone, I've seen like quite a lot of people getting to the end of the many chat sequence. I put a story up just then.
Kyle Musca: So I would definitely get her back through here because she's not following up at all and she knows to follow up. No follow-ups done. From what I've seen, there's some that were obviously slow, but it's not the worst thing.
xavier kelly: But even like 20 minutes, if you're on the account, that should be a thing. You should just see the notification for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: Straight away, like the message, say, hey.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just no follow-ups anyway. So yeah, so yeah, yeah. So this is the only one I've seen follow-up. So that's the number one thing I would go say to us, like, we need to follow these people up more. You've got the follow-ups in the script, yeah?
xavier kelly: Yeah, I do. It's, yeah, they're all there. Wait for reply, wait for reply. One hour, two hours, seven hours, seven hours. Besides that, my WhatsApp got completely wiped, so I had to re-download it. So I lost it. Previous chat logs. What was that thing that we were going to add to the bottom of our script? It was like something we talked about last session. I believe it was, you copied and pasted it and sent it to me.
Kyle Musca: was like a... It's the no-before message, Because your show-up rate was a bit average, isn't it?
xavier kelly: Yeah. And then the other question is, you have GoHighLevel, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: I've connected my WhatsApp to GoHighLevel. So you go... It's like I'm trying to make it work, but it says I've to maybe wait for a template to get approved. Does that sound familiar? Like a messaging template?
Kyle Musca: To be honest, I've connected my WhatsApp to GoHighLevel. Is it your actual WhatsApp number or is it a number they give you?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's your actual one, not just a number they give
xavier kelly: It's mine, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I haven't, um, I haven't connected it, but this is my, like, WhatsApp, so can message him and ask him. So, you're talking about this part?
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I did, I was trying to find that to add it to my WhatsApp.
Kyle Musca: So that should be sent in Instagram. So, because of the conversation.
xavier kelly: Yeah, send them, yeah, is it, yeah. Yeah, you sent me this to like copy and paste it into my script on WhatsApp when we're on our call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I sent this to you the other day. I think when you mentioned the show up, right, wasn't great. Is that, yeah, is that what we're looking for? Is it not that?
xavier kelly: I don't know. I feel like I'm confusing myself and confusing you. Maybe I'm talking . That's all good. Let's move on. Yeah, what do you think? Maybe I have my guy message through ManyChat for WhatsApp messages. I'm just trying to find like a good way for...
Kyle Musca: Why are you messaging? So what's the idea of what messaging people?
xavier kelly: All the people that have opted in for the form on TikTok.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right. If you want them to message through WhatsApp, they can always just log in on it because you can have five different devices log into your WhatsApp. So they don't necessarily need to go through GoHighLevel if you want to give them access to it.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I might just do that because that form is getting a pretty decent amount of fill-outs, like five or six a day. I mean, a lot of them are just like  people, but they're still, if I go on it now.
Kyle Musca: Are you using JotForm?
xavier kelly: No.
Kyle Musca: What's, on TikTok, you're not using JotForm? What's the form?
xavier kelly: it's a GoHighLevel. A high-level form.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what I reckon you could do there is if it's getting that much volume, I reckon probably, do you have job form?
xavier kelly: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: So what you could do there is, where's mine? Edit form. If you're going to do it through TikTok, I would probably add a few more qualified, yeah,  it, to be fair. This is probably fine. . I don't get rid that. Because again, we just want to make sure that they're working full-time, right? And what you can do here is you can set this up. You come down to conditions. So basically, if they say that they are working full-time, then it redirects them straight to a self-booking thing on GoHighLevel. All right?
xavier kelly: Like a calendar?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So watch, ready? All right, fill this stuff in. If I say I'm working full-time, it directs me straight through to go high level. Maybe it doesn't because that's a preview. Let me just open this. If I say I'm working full-time, straight through to go high level.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I can self-book in. All right? If I'm not working full-time.
xavier kelly: Full.
Kyle Musca: Oops, sorry, we're full.
xavier kelly: Yep. Okay, cool. And then I might just have to do some, like, logic on the country as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So you can set the logic as, yeah, yeah. I did that as well. Because I've got a different US first.
xavier kelly: I'd like to look at it now. It says, yeah, I'm getting about four or five a day. So, like, 15 years old, 26 years old, 15 years old, 31 years old, 14, 17, 22, 25, 18, 26, 17, 30, 19, 16, 23, 17, 19. You know, a lot of kids. But the occasional 31-year-old, yeah. I mean, it's pretty poor quality, except for some of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's probably the best way I would add that in. then just open up the calendar massively on that one. So they have plenty of opportunities to book in. Make sure you separate that and create a new calendar and go high level so you can see that call came from the job. You know, that call came from TikTok. These calls came from Instagram.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
xavier kelly: Awesome. And then, yeah, they don't book in, but they filled out the form and just like message them. So, yeah, that makes sense. That makes it a lot easier to just put it in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And, again, can, again, if you want to connect someone to your WhatsApp, then you can always just get them to log in on their own device because they can have, you can have five different devices logged in at the same time.
xavier kelly: Okay. Yeah. I'll just give them direct access. And are you also running that on your Instagram? So you're running that log application form on your Instagram too with the automatic book in?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mine is. But then what happens there is like my setters have, well, your setters should have access to go high level as well. So they just come into that. Again, you can't set this up. But for example, that guy, the Joseph guy, saying you can't set this up. But for example, as soon as they fill that out, they come into this, which means my setters can go in and automatically message them, essentially.
xavier kelly: Yeah, message them on Instagram or WhatsApp or either.
Kyle Musca: Well, I get them to send texts through go high level. Well, I couldn't do this guy, for example, because he's in the UK and they have a US and Australian number. But maybe Jeremy. Yeah, see? Hey, bro, awesome to see you, Kim, potentially darling things in. That wasn't the message that I was supposed to send, but anyway, let's run with it. Do you have a specific goal? Hey, yeah, don't yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, it's like a normal conversation. just happens through go high level.
xavier kelly: Yeah, and is that WhatsApp? Is that normal text?
Kyle Musca: This is normal SMS. But keep in mind, if you do send SMS...
xavier kelly: Maybe it's easy to do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, keep in mind, I think it's the same. I think WhatsApp is a little bit cheaper, but it is like, it's like a fraction of a cent to send per text, but again, just keep in mind.
xavier kelly: Yeah, and it costs money for WhatsApp as well, though.
Kyle Musca: It's cheaper, but it still costs.
xavier kelly: Yeah. It's just being a pain to like set up. So it's like, maybe I just have that, give that to the set up with the number, set that up. I think I already put money in the account. And then... And then what's your thoughts on me having that form as well in my Instagram bio? Or should I just keep it as the, like, is it working for you, like direct bookings?
Kyle Musca: Mine's been a bit weird because I've...
xavier kelly: No, big of pardon?
Kyle Musca: Pardon? What did you say, sorry?
xavier kelly: No, you speak, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Mine's been a bit weird because I haven't had room to book in organic calls. So that's fine. And it does work decently well. Usually. It depends on how you want to do these types of things as well. Like, if you want to save the money and everything, you can always just add... Again, I'm not usually a big fan, but you kind of have to do it anyway because how many of yours are US? You could just add Instagram handle into that. And then get, you know, this starts to get a little bit tricky.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because what happens in Instagram is it sends them to, it sends you to the request folder. Go. Yeah. People don't check their request folder.
xavier kelly: just sit in there. Yeah. I think it's better. just get their number and just like directly message them because WhatsApp, even WhatsApp, you sometimes just don't get responses back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, yeah, because people, there's a lot of people that don't have notifications.
xavier kelly: They're just going to send them a text and just.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Or call them, call them as well.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But what I would do here is like, don't, don't use ready as any other trigger word besides this, this one, because then you can see clearly how many people come from just that.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. So I would have always, avoid using ready for anything else. Then, how have you gone? Have you been posting as much content recently?
xavier kelly: I've been posting a bit, probably done three, four videos since we last spoke. Not as much as I would want.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd probably, again, that just comes down to content consistency and everything like that. That's going to be massive for you.
xavier kelly: But there's still like plenty of videos doing well. Like, I think I've gained 9,000 followers in the past week.
Kyle Musca: What I spoke to Torrin about as well, what I spoke to Torrin about as well, is changing around the CTA process, just trying different things out. And that seemed to work really, really well for him. So, for example, you know, he did this one, these ones, which are the new ones we're talking about. Just as much engagement as usual in terms of likes. Obviously, some of them have gone bad viral. But the CTA is, we put the, we, so when we do a CTA at the very top, right, it's the first thing people see because they have to come into the comments to see or the caption to see the entire ingredient. So we put the CTA there so everybody reads it. They will save the video because the recipe is attached to the video. So that's going to help with engagement. And then what we did is the people that comment were commenting for coach. So it was direct response. Coach, coach, coach, coach, coach. Which is, you know.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's pretty  good. Have you seen this? Have you seen this?
xavier kelly: Did he put a CTA in it? Like this is a recipe that I would use.
Kyle Musca: From my clients and .
xavier kelly: Yeah, they're using. the whole video, no.
Kyle Musca: It's dessert. Guess what, Susan? You can have both. That full wrap is under 300 calories and over 40 grams of protein. We've got to try it so you don't have to. And I'll take it through your time, effort, and your calories. Get your egg beater thingy. Egg whites in. Beat them till stiff. Preheat your oven to 400. I'm going to add in my cornstarch. A little bit of salt. If you don't salt your food, you're a virgin. I'm going to slow it down. Touch of vanilla. Sweetener of choice. I'm going with monk fruit drops. First step is to eat this. 10. Parchment. Bump her right here. Just going to spread her out. Oven. 8 to 10 minutes. 400. Now, in the meantime, non-fat Greek yogurt. Room temperature. Light cream cheese. Lemon zest. Juice from a lemon wedge. Again, your sweetener of choice. Sober meringue fluff stuff, in. Straight to the delts. Yeah. Come here, Rolton. Look at that. Absolutely breathtaking. Massive filling. That tastes like . Dude, we had cracked the code. Spread that. Just absolutely gorgeous. We're gonna roll this cutie patootie. There is our finished product. This thing is huge. It's high-volume recipes, just like this one, that helped my client Oliver lose 10 kilos in just three months. You're interested. It's a social proof. It's understanding your transformation without giving up your favorite foods or crashing your hormones. Comment coach and ask any of the details. All right, let's get into this. And then that one wasn't too bad. But like what I would do is like, it's recipes like this that helped my client, know, James lose 10 kilos in the last 90 days. If you want to be able to do, if you want, if you want to get results like that, comment the word coach and I'll reach out. So it can be just a very short CTA.
xavier kelly: I would not do this any longer than.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. We'd not do anything longer than what he did. All right.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then eat.
xavier kelly: Yeah. I've done a few of those, but like doing it straight away and then reviewing the food is the right way to do it. Cause like the retention drops off towards that last five, 10 seconds from like 20%, 25% down to like eight or six. So if you get it straight away, then taste it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cause if you think about it, it's like when you got a taste test, it is the climax of the video. So it's like, if you can, you know, chuck your CTA in right before then, like the people are going to watch it. You know what mean? Yeah.
xavier kelly: I'm going to put that, uh, I'm going to put that recipe book in my TikTok bio, uh, after this. So I'm just going to like, I got like a white label book. That's just got like 12 different things. I'm just going to put it up there for like 80 bucks and just put that in my TikTok and potentially forget about it.
Kyle Musca: I would do your JotForm first to see if the self-booking is coming through because, again, like, if can get some self-bookings through, that's, you know, that's better, basically, than just doing the low ticket. And then if it's just not working, then it's just like, yeah. TikTok, I mean, like, I don't use TikTok anymore. I don't TikTok anymore.
xavier kelly: don't know who uses TikTok anymore. I mean, it's just the accounts just blowing up, so it's hard to...
Kyle Musca: No, if you, like, but that's what I'm saying. Like, chuck the job form in there. you're getting self-signups and stuff, and it's like, you know, it actually shows us potential. It's like, okay, well, we'll take it more seriously. But, you know, typically, it's not the best converting platform. But, again, you never know, right? If you're getting a lot of traction there, then you're getting the numbers. We might as well just test it.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Okay, cool. I'll give it a try.
Kyle Musca: It's like an out-of-this-world recipe. There's loads of comments. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you can see you did it there. And it also looks good on your page as well, because then it looks more coaching orientated, if that makes sense.
xavier kelly: Yeah. The word coach.
Kyle Musca: Just the transformation.
xavier kelly: Oh, yeah. Left, right. Yeah. In the center with just an image.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I like that.
xavier kelly: I can definitely do that too. So yeah, that's no problem.
Kyle Musca: And I also think just bump out more of it.
xavier kelly: I think showing the image of a person is a little bit older. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you had those, you had carousels, you had your, well, those are your viral videos. But then you also had the videos that we've also been sort of doing, the ones like Alex Gamble a little bit more. You know what mean? Like your whole page.
xavier kelly: Yeah. That one on TikTok did really well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, again, it did well. And they do do well, man. 641, 808. Sure. It's not that, but- He did a million on TikTok. Oh, wow. Okay. So it's like, yeah, double down on them and they're working for you. Double down on them.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. I'll do another one with the Fath. Just same thing.
Kyle Musca: You know, a thousand, you know what I mean? Like you're there. It's just about now it's, we understand what kind of content we need to be doing. Now it's for you. It's just volume. Just push it harder.
xavier kelly: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because again, even if you come to, and again, Torrin's a good example because adding that carousel in there, full day of eating, you could do a full day of eating for sure. And what I would do is chuck in a, again, social proof, social proof, social proof, social proof, proof. These are the types of recipes that help my client. Rachel lose six, eight kilos over the last, last, last 12 weeks.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to do that tomorrow, the food video, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like for you, I would sit down and just have a very sort of regimented posting structure, you know what mean? Like maybe, because like what I do is every single week, like again, I just post the same, you know, like reaction style content. But I always post on Monday one that I know will more likely go viral to kickstart the week. So for you, might have like more of your virality-driven content pieces to start on Monday. And then Tuesday, you might do, you know, the more coaching style, Alex Gamble style reels. And then Wednesday, you might do a carousel. And then Thursday, you do another viral one. And then Friday, you do another coaching style one. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah, I know. I know exactly what you mean, yeah. I think recently, I just...
Kyle Musca: 15 members of Vice-prus I've
xavier kelly: Yeah, I just kind of dropped the ball in terms of content. And having my calendar, it just, it has not been structured. Like, it's been a bit unstructured. So, like, today I just cut my solar work in half. So I'm only going to be doing, like, three hours of that a day instead of having the whole day's windows available and then, like, giving myself just a bit of time in the mornings and the evenings to do videos. So now I've only, I've got the time, no problem. And, yeah, it's just also doing some sacrifices, like, maybe not going for, like, a coffee in the morning and just actually getting my video done in the morning instead.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, the other thing as well is, like, you could, so for me, like, I take these types of calls from Wednesday to Friday and then Monday, Tuesday, I'm on my content-heavy days. Right?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you know, even if you just have, and again, I think that's where you should time block a little bit more.
xavier kelly: The content.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And just get more, because realistically, you could get all five done in a day. You know what I mean? Like, yes, they may take a while.
xavier kelly: It's tough. I mean, if the recipe is simple, if the recipe is simple, it's definitely doable. But yeah, the recipe videos, like, ask Torrin, they burn you out. Like, if you try to do more than two in a day, like, it's  hard. Because, like, you miss the ingredient, and you're like, oh, , and you go back. And I can definitely get, like, three easy ones done, for sure. Maybe, like, two hard ones. And then just have two coaching videos.
Kyle Musca: Well, what you could do there as well.
xavier kelly: I think I'm just going to spend Thunder, Saturday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, what you could do there as well is you might. I'd do one, you know, recipe video and then two coaching ones.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One recipe video, two coaching ones. And then have two different sections through the week. Because, yeah, you're right. Once you start filming, especially those styles of, like, you know, where you fully set the camera up and everything, they do become draining. So it's just about figuring out what is going to work best for you legitimately. Like, don't just sort of take my word for it because I haven't done those styles specifically, right? So figure out what's going to be the best manageable and the one you can do consistently enough to get the content volume. The way I like to think of my content is you should always have, like, a little bit of a backlog. So it's like if you want to post, let's say, five times a week, you should be aiming to film at least six videos.
xavier kelly: Okay. Yeah. Bit of backlog. I also, when I don't have a video to post, I just repost, like, a viral. The that worked in the past, which has been actually kind of working. So I've reposted a video twice now and like I posted it on Instagram and it did 600K. So it was like sometimes the repost works. And the other one I did earlier in the week is 350K. So just reposting a video that did well again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I mean, that's, you know, worst case comes to worst. Yeah, but like you don't want to rely on that too often, I think. Yeah, if you have nothing else to post, definitely.
xavier kelly: Yeah, no, it's like a once every month and a half thing. But I've looked at like some of the creators, like a few that do the food reactions. And they'll just do that same video once every month and a half. And they've done it for a year straight. And each time like it's done really well. So it's like, okay, cool. If you have like enough really vile videos, you can just have half your month's content done because you're just reposting them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. No, definitely. The other thing I would say you could do as well is like you've got a lot of people that have said that they're interested in coaching, you know, throughout all this stuff, man. So it's like you could go back and try and re-engage conversations with them. Yeah. When was the last time you did a magic hat?
xavier kelly: I haven't. I haven't done one.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I would definitely do that.
xavier kelly: Just like drop it and say the free coaching.
Kyle Musca: Can I just instruct myself to do it? Oh, yeah, for sure. For sure.
xavier kelly: But I would definitely, definitely do that. And that would be go through the old messages of people from way back when and just message them directly for Insta so it doesn't have that seven-day thing and send them the message.
Kyle Musca: So I'm pretty sure you can message through meta or I'm pretty sure it's meta or GoHala, but one of the other things, one of those two things, if it's over seven days, but yeah, it doesn't have to be super old. It could be, you know, anyone from, you know, for you, I would just say anyone that's older that hasn't messaged through in the last week, but hey, they have said that they are interested in coaching because it's like, we changed this to, let's see how many there are. Yeah, so definitely, if you haven't done it before, definitely, definitely do the lead, the magic hat, 677, right? Subscribe before, let's just say last week for the sake of it. Yeah, you've got 617 people you can get a message. You know what mean? Now, with this as well, just make sure that setters do not re-engage conversation with someone who signed.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So do you send them the sign-up link on Instagram or anything like that when they do sign?
xavier kelly: Yeah, I send them the Stripe link on Instagram.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, so that makes it easier. So I was like, just tell them, if you see a Stripe link, don't send it to them.
xavier kelly: Yeah. And what do you feel like the best way is to communicate? Hey, we've in my set of chat, like sending them like voice recordings of me, like scrolling through many chat and showing them the issues or if I just send them a text, we may kind of know what I'm talking about. What do you think is the best way to like communicate and dial in those things?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely just screenshotting and putting on text so they can visually see what you're talking about.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, you know, if it's a once or, you know, if something happens once, twice, just, you know, hey guys, can we just make sure we do X, Y, Z? If it happens again, it's like, hey guys, I brought this up a couple of times. This is a problem that needs to be fixed. Please make sure it doesn't happen again. If it happens again, then I'll reach out to claim, I find a new setup.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or if it gets to that point, actually, I have a couple of setters that I...
xavier kelly: Communicator needs.
Kyle Musca: If it gets to that point, I've got a couple of setters that I sort of interviewed for someone else. Or I didn't interview them, but I role-played with them and they all seem pretty decent. So we can just get someone like that in there if it's easier.
xavier kelly: Okay. Yeah. And what do you think... Do you think, like, I don't know, I've never met a setter that's been good at follow-ups. Like, is it even possible with just using a Google Sheet?
Kyle Musca: Like, have you seen it?
xavier kelly: have well?
Kyle Musca: My setter's a great at follow-ups. If we go into my account right now, I guarantee you see setter follow-ups.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Hey, man, just checking.
xavier kelly: Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro, I'm about to dive into... Hey, Hey, man. I'm not sure if you got my last message. Yeah, I'm getting blocked because they follow up so much. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Exactly. And you can see it's all in the same day, 4 a.m., 7 a.m., 5 a.m., Wednesday, 5 a.m., yeah. How is your set of doing? Is he just remembering to go back through his Google Sheet and see, like, or is he getting a notification, like, follow-up, follow-up, follow-up?
Kyle Musca: It's a good question. They're pretty self-reliant. I don't have to focus on them too much. But you can set tags for it, you know what mean? Like, your other set of was setting tags for them. Like, a good one is actually Aaron's. Aaron's set is really good at this. I don't know if he has it right now. Yeah, cool books, tags. You can set reminders on people. He doesn't have them there at the moment. We'll go back to him and buy it.
xavier kelly: Yeah, let me screenshot that.
Kyle Musca: His chats.
xavier kelly: Cool.
Kyle Musca: But, you know, we're going to go into this, can't remind me in, you know, oh, , what's going on here?
xavier kelly: So that little clock, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So remind me in 20 minutes, an hour, six hours, pick time and date.
xavier kelly: Cool. And do your setters have, like, notifications set up so that when someone pops, like, messages? Because I'm pretty sure with ManyChat, you have to refresh to get, like, it to the top. So I kind of want them to just, like, as soon as someone messages, it goes. Buying, they build out their date, age, their age, weight, and height, and use insulin in it.
Kyle Musca: Manychat can be, from what I've heard from the setters, can be a bit average to message through. Clemé knows all this stuff as well. So they use GoHighLevel and meta more often than all.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I've got them in GoHighLevel.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. But they should be refreshing it. Like, if that's a thing, they should just be refreshing it often.
xavier kelly: Yeah. But even, like, if you refresh it every three minutes and you're two minutes late, like, it's over, pretty much. Like, unless you're, like, there when they're in the chat, it's just the odds of them opening, like, their phone again to, like, stay in the chat is just so low. I find, like, when I'm on the phone and I see the notification, as soon as... If I'm in there straight away, I like their message, I message them, and I stay in that chat until they're booked, like, it works. But when, as soon as you wait, it just dramatically reduces the chance of them getting in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, like, you can't even say that to them because, like, you could tell them, like, if there's an engaged conversation, stay in that chat, make sure they reply to instantly. Like, you know what mean? Prioritize that chat over other ones.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Type thing. But honestly, it just comes down to the capability of the setters. Like, the setters should be self-sufficient. Like, you can see in mine, they're not currently working right now, but they're in there, they do their job properly, I don't have to micromanage them, which is good.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, you'll see, this whole period here is just a bunch of follow-ups.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, what I can actually do is... very much. Thank you. So I want to get my main setter, she just has heaps of initiative. She just goes and does things on her own and she just goes above and beyond. So what I want to try and do is get her into a position where she actually kind of like manages and trains other setters. So if your setter doesn't come out good, we can always suss.
xavier kelly: Yeah, sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we can suss what that looks like. How much are you paying your setter at the moment?
xavier kelly: I don't know. I think like six or seven USD an hour.
Kyle Musca: And then is it 25 USD per close?
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'd have to figure out how we structure it. Maybe we do. I still got to figure out how I want to do that. But maybe we do like a similar setup, for example, and then she just gets paid. The comms or something like that or whatever. So she can get in there and like manage and train.
xavier kelly: All you can make her money. Yeah. I mean, if she's working for your offer and you, you know, and you take your offer to another level where you actually have a Instagram for it and you're posting about it and you're really promoting it, she could honestly just be a employee, right? A coach. I said a coach, which is why your offer is better than others. Because not only do you get a coach in, you get a setter in, but you also get a coach so that the setter performs.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's what she would do.
xavier kelly: You could sell.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's what she would do.
xavier kelly: Yeah, correct.
Kyle Musca: So it would just be figuring out.
xavier kelly: She'd just become an employee that you just pay a wage, right?
Kyle Musca: She'd still be exactly how she is in terms of contractor and everything like that. She'd still work on my account. Because again, like a good one, they'll work like two, there's days where she'll work 10 hours a day for me and then she'll go to like 2 a.m. You know, ain't like, like a good One will go hard. So, and I've already spoken to her about it. She's up for the idea. just need to figure out how to make it worth a while to essentially do it. But chat to your one and everything like that. See if you can get her up to speed because that's the easiest one. And then if not, again, I do have some setters that I sort of source for someone else that all seem pretty decent. So if you want to look at them, we can always do that. That's how I got Aaron's setter. And he's probably one of the best setters I've seen as well.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'll keep going with this one to see if I can get a, you know, hard qualifying, making sure to ask for this. Not hard qualifying, too hard if they, because I saw one of them, it was a retail worker from Maryland and hard qualified. And it's like, dude.
Kyle Musca: You could just tell them like, because we want lead flow, we want sales, we want sales calls, we want reps. So you might want to just tell them. Like, if they say that they're working, and they're working full-time, doesn't matter what job, just book them in on a call. then, like, if it'll be...
xavier kelly: You're not a king of Australia.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then if it becomes a problem and you're sitting at your  leads, it's like, all right, maybe we can pre-qualify a little bit harder. But, you know what mean? Like, just open up the floodgates, and then we'll tighten it if need be. But the biggest thing for them is follow-ups, from what I've saw. Yeah, follow-ups. So, just tell them, set reminders, make sure you're on top of them, and yeah, speed to lead. Like, if you're in the account, the reply should be instant.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And go back and do it back and forth. You've got so many people that you could do that magic hat to you. should get quite a lot of calls out of that if it's done properly.
xavier kelly: Properly. Yeah. Okay. So that was the offering, $500 discount.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. want a 500. No, not a discount. You've just won a $500 voucher.
xavier kelly: Yeah. For coaching. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, you can change it as well.
xavier kelly: Yeah. can be like, don't know.
Kyle Musca: Should I just qualify the thing?
xavier kelly: Should I start to qualify the message saying like, hey, I send this message once a month to a, you know, someone who I've been in contact to in the past. You've won a $500 voucher for one-on-one coaching. This voucher is only available to people that live in the UK, AUS, United States, or Canada. If that's you, XYZ. Just like a fine or a detail.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't. Um, personally, like what I do, if they're not qualified, I just send them to a low ticket thing. So just give them something for free and just like, them off.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then I would also definitely put the conditional logic on your job form and chuck that into your TikTok straight away. And then, and do the new CTA.
xavier kelly: Uh, I would do it through job forms that I don't know if you can do conditional logic on go high level, but if they're qualified, they go through to a go high level self booking page. Okay. Uh, so you can set that up in the settings of job form of the job form, the actual form. Yeah. conditional logic.
Kyle Musca: Um, then also the videos with the, um, social proof. Yeah. Yeah.
xavier kelly: Okay. And then time blocking for content, two viral vids, three coaching vids.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, cool. Perfect, great. Okay. If you have any questions, just- Fathom meeting recap. Yeah, I'll send that through for sure.
xavier kelly: Thank you so much, man. I'm such a slow learner as you have learned about me, but as I start to like, I'm such an old dog, but once I start getting the things like ingrained into me, I just, I'm like, okay, this is the truth. But I'm , mate, it's .
Kyle Musca: It's okay, man. I think it's just, yeah, it's just one thing at a time. You know what mean? Just figuring it out, tweaking it, retesting it, tweaking it, retesting it. And then you find something that works and you're  off to braces.
xavier kelly: Yeah, absolutely. Awesome. All right. Thank you, bro. I'm going to start doing that right now.
Kyle Musca: All good, man. All right. Enjoy the rest of that, man. I'll chat to you soon. You too. Ciao, ciao. See you, bro. Bye.


>>> 188/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-30T06:02:23Z | id:142363184
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey.
Bre Colley: Hey, baby.
Kyle Musca: Ah, let's dive in. Let's read through what you said before. Is my Fathom thing recording?
Bre Colley: Yep.
Kyle Musca: So one thing I definitely want do is check out your DM setting, because you're getting still really good cost per lead for the masterclass.
Bre Colley: I don't know why that's dropped off so much. Hmm.
Kyle Musca: One of grandma, she throws us in a circle, but selling in chat isn't working. Maybe 44. Yes. So what I would do for the low ticket. So I do my low ticket, like $19 a week. Just- Yeah, that's, like, no check-ins or anything.
Bre Colley: Like, what I've done with, like, the Inner Circle is create, it's, like, group coaching, checking calls. They still have access to the educational calls, and they also have, like, their training and nutrition in the app.
Kyle Musca: What are you, how are you trying to sell it?
Bre Colley: Are you just going, as soon as they're not qualified, like, I think you're going to assume, like, Inner Circle? Like, yeah, either that, or I got my DM setters to do, like, a low-ticket magic hat thing, but nothing happened from it. So, and I also, like, it's, like, your first week is, like, a dollar, you can trial it, sort of thing. So, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Have you done that? Have you set that up?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's through macro, hey? What's the rules around the trials on macro? You could just give it to them for free, like the trial for seven days.
Bre Colley: Yeah, the only thing is if they're not charged with anything, then it doesn't prompt it to do the automation, sign them up, send them the emails, everything like that. So there needs to be some sort of payment.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, a dollar's fine then. Have you had that implemented for a while?
Bre Colley: Yeah, like a decent amount of time.
Kyle Musca: Okay, no one's really bought that, didn't it?
Bre Colley: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what do I do on my low ticket?
Bre Colley: But I also noticed that like with the lead magnet thing, it will just send them the video, like the link straight to the video, but I've actually... I asked my setters, I was like, for all unqualified leads, can we still message them, have a chat, and see if they're open to getting support, and then this would be the inner circle. So I don't think they have been doing that from the looks of things for the lead mag only.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, you just need to tell them to go  do that.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what I do here, I have the normal conversation with them. I know you said you're a student apprentice, whatever they said, before, which I don't usually work with, because low-key, they're full of excuses, I don't really really take things seriously. But you sound fairly committed to making a change, right? Again, you could reword that, but you kind of just say, you kind of pull away from like, oh, it's not, you know, however you reword that, all right, up to you. So I get them to make a commitment. Would you say you're like actually serious about dialing into... Would you say you're actually serious? Would you say you're actually ready to dial things in? don't know why I'm trying to word it. And invest in a program so you can achieve goal properly, so I get them to commit to it, saying yes first, okay? If they say yes, okay, based off everything you've spoken about, I think my Inner Circle She Thrives program is going to suit you best. Have a look at this and see everything involved.
Bre Colley: Let me know if you're keen on it.
Kyle Musca: And then I send them a Loom video where I run through everything that's involved, and that's just me showing them what's in the app and everything like that. They can actually visually see.
Bre Colley: Right, okay, so not just like the landing page?
Kyle Musca: No. Or, I mean, you could put it on it. Like, I haven't been bothered to put it, like, build out a ...
Bre Colley: Mine was Inner Circle landing page with the VSL video right at the top I showed you, remember? Oh, yeah. Co-lack or whatever.
Kyle Musca: Well, the reason I don't like doing that is because then they don't have to like they can click on the button and then they see the price and they're like, nah.
Bre Colley: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: So I like to keep this in conversation with them because then I say, let me know once you watch that. They come back. Yeah, that looks amazing. Oh, awesome. Now, usually that comes out to be $59 per week, but because you're a student apprentice or because you're not working, whatever, and my programming day is tomorrow. you join now, I'll bring it to write down as $19 a week, $19 a week, $19 a week. then you might send that. And then for you, you might also be like, and just to make sure that your apps, like whatever, just make sure you're absolutely stoked with it. I'm also going to do the first week for just a dollar just to make sure that it's the right fit for you.
Bre Colley: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Just need you to get registered here, send them the link. Once that's done, let me know, and I'll set you up in the team and run you through the next steps. All right? So this is rough. I didn't really spend, like, crazy amount of time on this because it's, like, it's low ticket. So play around with it however you want. Change it to however you want.
Bre Colley: Okay. I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: I'm thinking of – so, yes, this is great because I'm thinking of doing this at the same time. That's what I was trying to post, the  Indeed thing. But it wouldn't let me do it to Australia.
Bre Colley: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I don't know if you want to try or anything like that, but I'm trying to do this exact thing.
Bre Colley: I've asked my VA if she knows anyone that's had experience in doing it beforehand.
Kyle Musca: found with a copywriter, unfortunately, they – I mean, the guy I've got, he's all right. He's just a bit slow and he's just not quite there. Um, so I found, I think just with a copywriter, just get someone from Australia or American who speaks perfect English, understands the lingo, understands how to talk to, you know, someone who's white.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Okay. Um, yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Plus, mean, it's not, you know, again, cause I know what it takes. Like I can write ad scripts and it takes me maybe max an hour and a half to write three. You know what mean? So it's like, it's, you know, I'm happy to pay you a full-time wage as long as you're actually producing a good amount of content.
Bre Colley: Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: And like, that's where it'll come in handy for, for, for me to do it. Um, and then maybe I also get them to do it with you. Cause again, I want to like, be able to plug them into other businesses as well. So they should have full-time work, but again, we'll figure that out. Email and marketing is a bit of a whole, like a different beast.
Bre Colley: Cause it is quite a lot. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's not really, to be fair.
Bre Colley: It is, but it's just tedious more than anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but, like, if I was going to do it, it's not actually that hard. I'm just, well, I just don't have the time.
Bre Colley: I have a client that used, she's studied marketing and everything. I'm going to message her. She's currently a client again.
Kyle Musca: See, like, look at this. This is James Smith's , all the emails he sent to me. What I would do is if I brought a copywriter on, like, I'm sure you probably have some emails from people you've signed up to. If I brought a copywriter up, copywriter on, I would just forward all of these emails straight to him or to them. Say, I want you to analyze these. Even send them to your VA. Put these all into a massive Google document for me so I can chuck it into an email marketing project.
Bre Colley: Right.
Kyle Musca: All right. Yeah, well, I'll see because there's kind of- even James is using AI. Look at that. Fairly complex and difficult. With two, impossible for five to ten years.
Bre Colley: Everyone is. Everyone. Because it wouldn't even be him. Why would he waste his time on writing emails? So, obviously.
Kyle Musca: Actually, he's very big on him writing the emails.
Bre Colley: I've done his course. Oh, really?
Kyle Musca: I don't know if he does do that. He might just be talking . He did say, like, when he was building his emailing, he would write an email every single day.
Bre Colley: I don't know if he still does that. So, my client, I just messaged her. She studied marketing. She worked for Crop Shop Boutique. She was, like, head of marketing in that until she left because they treated them like . I said, hey, you have heaps of experience in email marketing. She's just dropped down to three days in her job. I could always see if she'd be open. So like a few hours a week for me, what do you think?
Kyle Musca: You could, I mean, you could always ask her. Ideally, because I was like listening to some hiring stuff the other day, Alex is very big on making sure that they've done it for exactly what you want to do. So it's like, if they haven't done fitness type thing, then it might be hard, but she's been through your program.
Bre Colley: I'm sure she's done my program. She knows me. She knows how I approach, like she's done my program, like she's in my program. I'll ask her.
Kyle Musca: Actually, yeah, that's really good because she's in the program. She knows what the good parts and everything are.
Bre Colley: So yeah, it's not a bad idea. Ask her. What do I say? Would you be open to doing a handful of hours a week?
Kyle Musca: Just ask her. Just start the conversation. Be like, hey, I'm just currently looking for a, potentially looking for a copywriter. And, you know, I know you've had experience with X, Y, Z. Would that potentially be something you're keen on doing? I wouldn't do this one in terms of getting a website with e-books and stuff like that because then you'll be directing people to somewhere else and they'll, if they come through the ad, they might see that, buy it, and be like, oh, I don't need that now.
Bre Colley: Yeah, that's true. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Thinking of posting my story to give away four weeks for $1.
Bre Colley: Wait, what? Also, thinking of posting on my story. Oh, sorry. That's for the inner circle.
Kyle Musca: You know what I think would be really, really, because I want to do this. I don't think, nah, don't publicly post this anywhere.
Bre Colley: Yeah. That's what I was, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would just do this because there's... There's a way that you could definitely do this that makes really good sense. Like, for example, instead of publicly posting it, just go through all the people that have downloaded the  lead magnet and inquired and be like, hey, I'm just launching my inner circle, which is, hey, I've had a lot of girls ask about coaching, but, you know, can't quite afford it at the moment. But this, again, reword this, can't quite afford it at the moment, but they still really are serious about dialing in their health and fitness. So what I've decided to do is launch an inner circle thing where it's all, you know, programming and everything like that and group coaching for just $44 per week. $44 per week. And, you know, because it's new, I'm going to give the first four people that sign up. Oh, sorry, the first 20 people that sign up, four weeks for just $1. Then, of course, it's cancelled anytime. So if you don't think it's worth it, you just let me know. And that's that. With anything like that, when it's like low ticket like that, it's always really, really good to just be like, it's cancelled anytime. If you don't like it, just let me know. We'll cancel. It's fine. You can even throw on a refund. I'll do one, you know, 44 per week is probably a little bit high. But like, you know, if you, yeah, probably wouldn't do a 44 per week refund because they could let 10 weeks go by and then  refund.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you could always have a clause or like just add it to your contract or something like that. Like if they do two weeks and then they want to, they want to, if they ask for a refund within the first two weeks, then you'll refund them. But if it's past that, then, you know, obviously they could have well and truly asked for a refund well before that. And that's not fair. But it's like, then you could. It'd be like, and if you don't, if you don't think it's worth it in the first two weeks, you just let me know and I'll refund you. Oh yes, this, this is, I literally did this yesterday. I haven't properly done it and looked at it, but so this is like if they got on a call or they booked a call and didn't convert into a client, but I haven't actually reviewed this properly because I was a brain deader as  yesterday. Yeah. So it tells you timing. Two hours after. Hey, just wanted to say, hey, I heard you had a chat with Tommy and just wasn't at the right time. No stress. Hope you still got some value out of it. If you have any questions, just let me know. Again, I'm just coming in with this top of my head.
Bre Colley: don't actually know if that's what you mentioned it.
Kyle Musca: Same evening, casual check-in. Hey, maybe even, yeah. Hey, just checking in. How do you go chatting with your partner if they need to say that? All right. Maybe even the day after. Probably that evening's a bit  close. Yo, Michael, just want to say cheers for jumping on the call, mate. Genuinely enjoyed the chat. I think it stuck with me was how you said insert their exact words. Again, I've got to reword this heavily, but. Oi. Not chasing yet. So I'd have to rewit this heavily, but I'm not going to say use that yet because I'm just not confident with it.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that is something I'm working on.
Bre Colley: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: My set has already seen a low-ticket offer to give away. Offer giveaways, no bites on it. Is that the same as this?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I wouldn't pay to market it because you're already paying for leads anyway, anyone that's interested in coaching. So it's going to be the same thing regardless. And then that's just a down-sell option.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Uh, I set up Sean as well. She's going to take U.S. morning calls for me.
Bre Colley: Oh yeah.
Kyle Musca: See how she goes. I think Verity has some more calls, but.
Bre Colley: I just don't see it working out because everything I've told her, she's not really implemented that much.
Kyle Musca: No, she's too nice.
Bre Colley: But my only concern is like.
Kyle Musca: She had three calls at this point.
Bre Colley: I'm getting like no calls at the moment and you're getting heaps. So the thing is, you're going to be getting, you're going to be taking those five hour slots before I do. We're shown.
Kyle Musca: So that's a bit of . Well, not really. Again, if she's getting the call volume, I'm she'll open it up.
Bre Colley: Yeah. We'll see.
Kyle Musca: Plus two, I'm only doing this to trial her more than anything.
Bre Colley: She's good. I want to put her in Tamara's account. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What was that one? Oh, yeah. Is there anything else you want to specifically cover before I get into this?
Bre Colley: Can you, yeah, so can you screenshot what you need from, like, the ads thing and send it to me so I can send it to the ManyChat support team?
Kyle Musca: See, what's happening? Well, I don't know. Again, it's so weird because it's not pulling zero leads. So it's like, I don't know. And this is why it's such a problem is because I don't know if the ads are  just doing really .
Bre Colley: Well, yeah, that's the issue because it's like, if I'm not getting leads and why is there a red thing there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's because you would have used the transmission. So it rejected that one. That's fine, though. It's not a good deal. Okay, so let's have a look at this, right? So, for example, see, it's $13, but you're 10 times more for that. So it's like it doesn't really make sense. So let's have a gaze here.
Bre Colley: Can you hear, Sammy?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she's just come up the stairs.
Bre Colley: Sammy!
Kyle Musca: So there we go. This was a qualified lead, which means unless that this, okay, so there's no other reel there. The only thing is, I could also get you to check on this, is if you put confident as this trigger word, DME thrive. So not likely, thrive. So it didn't pull that lead.
Bre Colley: Wow, that's crazy.
Kyle Musca: Oh, actually, before I jump the gun there. Sorry. Maybe it pulled that one lead. Let's see. If we find a second one of Confident, yep, two leads. Didn't pull it.
Bre Colley: That's weird.
Kyle Musca: So what's happening here, so you can see, is see how the results are. The results, the leads are much, much higher. And it's not pulling that lead.
Bre Colley: So what do I say?
Kyle Musca: Hurry up, . So there's that. Um, so what you, what you say is basically you're getting leads in many chat. So for example, you could even mark these two girls down. So Selena, Louise, and Tammy, I think it was, right? See how your conversion API is here. It is working or it's attached or it's not necessarily working.
Bre Colley: So can you help me write a message?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you basically say you have a capi attached to the back end of your direct ads Instaflow automation. And I've read through Instagram conversations and found that there have been multiple qualified leads that should have fired that capi. But in meta ads, I can only see one qualified. If I'd lead, or one lead.
Bre Colley: Should I say, for example, those girls?
Kyle Musca: You could do that. But then say, I've refreshed my Instagram permissions a week ago, and I've also got my Cappy tech guy, I guess you could call him, to investigate. And he says there's nothing wrong with the attachment. And he said that it has to be an issue with ManyChat. And then say, this is urgent as I'm unable to track ad data, and I'm spending quite a lot of money on ads at the moment.
Bre Colley: Okay, I'll see what they say. Create support ticket, add more details, go back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we also need to see why these aren't, like, 40. How do some people are just not working or studying?
Bre Colley: What the  are you doing with your life? How do you, yeah, how are you functioning?
Kyle Musca: She's signed up. Brain.
Bre Colley: Oh, she's a client from ages ago. She's a little still a client.
Kyle Musca: So this girl booked in?
Bre Colley: Looks like it. Not this week.
Kyle Musca: I'd get rid of that message, by the way.
Bre Colley: Why?
Kyle Musca: I just found it wasn't really doing much. People would say yes, but then it didn't really, they just didn't show up anyway. So one, it didn't really help anything and it just added more friction. And then I also felt like people were starting to get a little bit, it started to feel a little bit salesy because it's like, did that come through? Yes. Cool, it's going to be on Zoom. Yeah, so did that come through? Yes. Just to confirm, are going to be able to make that? Yes. If you have any issues, here's the join link, no problems, that's fine. By the way, watch all this, it just starts to drag on a little bit, you know what I mean?
Bre Colley: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So what I've changed mine to, again, this would be good for you once you have core volume again, what I'm about to show you. I also don't do this anymore. Yeah, so you're already doing that. So instead of saying, if anything pops up, just let me know. I just remove that because it plans to see it as if it's okay to reschedule, which we don't want to even hint at.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you should have got the confirmation email. Yep, cool. Legend, if you have any issues jumping on, feel free to shoot me a message here. more than happy to lend a hand. It's going to be on Google Meets. Please make sure you have that downloaded.
Bre Colley: I also don't send them a link anymore because, one, it should be in the automations and you should be sending that through the night before anyway. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So there's no point in sending it now. Does that all make sense? Just want to make sure we can dive straight in. Cool. Awesome chatting to you. Super keen to see what we've come up with. I'm going to dive into some client programming, but I'll touch base the night before. To really get the most out of this call, have a think about where you're at, where you want to be. Well, sorry, why you want to make a change and what that change is actually going to do for you. Here's a quick video. Chat soon, Michael. Make sense?
Bre Colley: Yeah. So I'm removing...
Kyle Musca: I'll just share this too, but yeah. So you're removing the hard confirmation message.
Bre Colley: Building details, response, amazing, email, perfect. Okay, so amazing. And just on that, we don't do reschedules. Oh, wait, no, short confirmation. Okay, so remove, do say amazing just on that. We don't do reschedules. We found that, okay, remove that and you do seem like the type of girl. So go straight into perfect. If you have any issues jumping on, feel free to shoot me.
Kyle Musca: Message here, I'm more than happy to land a hand. That's it. Show-up confirmation. Yeah. If you have any issues jumping on, and then I say it'll be on Google Meet or Zoom or whatever, so they know to download the app. That's important. Does that all make sense? Just want to make sure we can dive into things on the day.
Bre Colley: Call me on Zoom, so please make sure it'll send things on the day. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then just naturally wrapping up. Awesome chatting to you. I've got to dive into some client programming, but I'll touch base the night before. Send through a couple things before we chat, so they know to expect us reaching out. You don't really need to add this, but I have added that. P.S., make sure to give this video a quick watch.
Bre Colley: And so I'll be chatting to you with this video. Yeah, also. Um, okay. I don't know if I have got the part where it's like, I'll touch base with you. Oh yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And the night before message, I don't, I don't ask him, can you confirm if you're still good anymore?
Bre Colley: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Hey, hey bro, just looking through my calendar tomorrow and can confirm we're good for 4 p.m. Just want to check. Have you had a chance to check out the video I sent above? Yeah. Okay. So I'm just trying to kind of re-engage conversation, trying to get a reply out of them, but also trying to get them to say, like, go watch the video. Because if they watch the video, it's very likely they're to show up.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: And then if they say, uh, yeah, have watched it. Awesome. Look forward to chatting. Here's the join link to make it easier.
Bre Colley: And then I send the link. Yeah, okay. I'll update that.
Kyle Musca: So again, it's all in the script. Now, what I do, if they don't have, if I send the, if the set has sent the pre-message, the night before message, and they haven't replied back to me by the morning, what they do is they send another one. Hey, bro, I'm getting heaps of guys wanting to book that spot this afternoon. So can you please let me know if you're still good for the call?
Bre Colley: If I haven't heard back in two hours, I may have to cancel and give it to someone else.
Kyle Musca: Right? Worst comes to worst, they, you know, they come back and they say, oh, I'm still good for it, but you've already rescheduled it, but oh, sorry, man. So something like this, right? Didn't confirm, having heaps of guys, seems... Moving apart, yada, yada. He tried to make an excuse. I said, guys don't come to us for stability. They come to us for, they need structure. If you're available, I'll keep you locked in. He said, yeah, I'm available.
Bre Colley: Okay.
Kyle Musca: All right. So yeah, they come back and they're like, oh, cool. You know, worst comes to worst, you rebook someone else to take that spot. It's very, very likely if you speak to someone on the day, the same day that they do show up to that call, this person comes back and they're like, oh, sorry, I've just been so busy. I'm like, oh, sorry, someone already took that spot. How about we hear you in tomorrow for X, Y, Z time instead?
Bre Colley: And they know not to  around next time. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: You don't have to do that, but that's something I'm excited to do. It's like, well, especially if you're going to take the calls, if someone hasn't confirmed with you and you've got  to do, you might as well just  them off.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Hmm.
Bre Colley: Okay, cool. Um, I am still waiting for my editor to get those ads back to me. It's been a  rollercoaster ride. So I really want to get the retreat ones up and running. Can you actually, um, watch this? I'm going to make some requests. Young, if you're in your late 20s and 30s and you want to win- , that's annoying. Can you just like, let me know what you think of the edit? I want her to add like overlays of the, um, like the app. And everything and change like a couple of things, but based on the visuals, do you think she has potential?
Kyle Musca: I think she does. Is this an editor?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you're in your late 20s and you want to win an all-expenses-paid holiday straight to Thailand, plus get in the best shape of your life physically and mentally, well, I'm super excited to share with you that I have just launched my Set the Standard challenge that is going to help you do exactly that. On that as well, I have now realized that you probably, you haven't done it, but just so you know, probably wouldn't do the whole  undoing a giveaway thing. I found that has brought in a lot of  quality leads.
Bre Colley: Verity was saying.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's  Verity, but you know.
Bre Colley: Yeah, yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: Like, they're still closable and stuff, and like, if you're going to run it, like, continuously, it's probably not a bad thing because it's a bit of a decoy offer. You mean, I'm doing a giveaway, and like, people come in because of that, and then you sell them. But yeah, just so you're aware. So this is...
Bre Colley: So don't go with this kind of ad?
Kyle Musca: No, you can definitely do a challenge and there's a prize to be had. I think that would still definitely work. But if you say there's a giveaway, then people like, I think they come in because they think it'll be like real cheap or like it'll be real low cost.
Bre Colley: Can you see her?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she's just made herself at home.
Bre Colley: She's got her eyes closed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: Oh, she's so slow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think the challenge is still fine though. And another year rolls around and nothing's changed. And this year, if you don't want to have anxiety or make up a billion excuses when everyone's off to the beach and you finally want to feel confident in a bikini again, then that's exactly what the Set the Standard Challenge is going to help you do. I'm going to design your training program to help you get leaned and toned, not bulky. Your meal plans are going to be designed off all the food you love.
Bre Colley: So overlay.
Kyle Musca: I actually stick to it long enough to get results. And you'll be a part of our She Thrives community, which makes the journey so much more fun. And if you're wondering what's possible, all these girls use the exact same system that I use. What I would do for the She Thrives community is whoever your editor is added right into mine. So it's like whenever I do a video about, you know, community, he can take a screenshot or like a screen recording of the chat and everything like that. In the set the standard challenge. And every single one of these girls has learned how to drop fat, keep it off, and still enjoy their life.
Bre Colley: So if you want to earn up to $8,000 worth of... the little delays at the end and starts a little bit more. But otherwise, it's good. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I just included in all expenses paid slots. And caption's not on my  face. Pardon?
Bre Colley: And the caption's not on my face.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Treat, then... What I would do for the She Thrives retreat as well is she should show the house that you're staying in.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Give me the word challenge. But this is only for the girls who are committed to making a change. Becoming the best version of themselves. If you're going to sit there and make excuses, you don't have enough time, money, or energy to show up for you, then this is not for you. But if you are committed and ready to log in, then shoot me that message and I'll send you all the details. Yeah, that's good, baby.
Bre Colley: Okay, cool. Because I'm sick of waiting on my editor.
Kyle Musca: Who did that?
Bre Colley: Some other girl that I was, like, chatting to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's pretty decent, though.
Bre Colley: She just needs to... Yeah, I think there's definitely potential. I said, can you upload it on frame so I can give you some revisions? Also, Chloe couldn't fly out today. She had a small tear in her passport, so she has to fly home, get her passport sorted, apply for a DTV, and come back.
Kyle Musca: That's .
Bre Colley: So . But I told her, like, she was freaking out. She's like, what karma did I do? I was like, dude, maybe that plane crashes. Maybe it's a blessing in disguise. Maybe it's the thing you needed to go back home. She's like, I had a meltdown in the airport. And then I called her and she's, like, gathered herself. But, yeah, full thing. So .
Kyle Musca: That would have been expensive.
Bre Colley: Yeah, I don't know what's going to happen with that.
Kyle Musca: How is she going to fly home?
Bre Colley: Um, well, it's, I think a one-way ticket's the same price, but she'd have to spend six weeks in Vietnam or two weeks at home and it's going to be more expensive for her. But then she called the embassy and they said the only way she can progress with this is she has to go home. So it's a bit , but it's the only way now.
Kyle Musca: She'll be over there maybe for the 16th of May.
Bre Colley: Oh, she probably will be. . White female should not go to that.
Kyle Musca: What I would start doing here is get your setter to start tagging replies. So as long as they reply to this first message manually, get them to reply.
Bre Colley: Right. Okay. Once they've replied to the very first message, tag that they have replied.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Bre Colley: What did they say? I'm a little bit confused.
Kyle Musca: Chat about your goals with a convo, got left unfinished.
Bre Colley: Oh, that's a chick that's been trying to chat with me for years. That's a client.
Kyle Musca: 14 days ago. Man, he chats so  retarded.
Bre Colley: Yeah, it's not showing the most recent ones.
Kyle Musca: That's a problem as well. What's the 80?
Bre Colley: 90. There's been a lot of Indians again.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you're so annoying, you fat .
Bre Colley: She just wanted aircon and a quiet place to sleep. Everyone's so  at relying.
Kyle Musca: Is this a whale, fat ?
Bre Colley: Probably is. She's Indian or Asian. Probably Asian with that kind of profile picture.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just people aren't replying for some  reason.
Bre Colley: That's what I mean. It's not like the messages are like any different or anything's changed. It's just like people just can't reply. I'm down to 15.8k followers.
Kyle Musca: So many Indians.
Bre Colley: That's what I mean. They're just  stupid . There's like that. Australia must be just that small. I'm going to go get her some food. Oh, she is actually just so sleepy.
Kyle Musca: I also think the setters probably gave up on this one a bit early. She just said she's working three jobs.
Bre Colley: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: One of the white business. So just because she said money's a bit tight, they're like, oh, she throws in a circle. So I wouldn't be careful. I'd be careful on that one. This girl's definitely Indian. You know, not working. Nah, you  outcome. But, again, you're getting so much volume of it. Like, you should get something out of that.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Which they had four calls booked in, actually five. That's it.
Kyle Musca: This week?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think it's – I've just seen it across the board. I don't know what the  it is. I don't know if it's the end of April. The other thing I guess is, well, it's peak winter. Is it winter?
Bre Colley: No. It's still  hot as hell. Oh, everyone's wearing a jello. Winter starts in June, mate.
Kyle Musca: Oh.
Bre Colley: June, July, August is winter.
Kyle Musca: Oh, totally.
Bre Colley: But also, like, it's been three public holidays in a row or two or something. It was Anzac Day.
Kyle Musca: There's always  public holidays in Australia.
Bre Colley: Yeah, there is.
Kyle Musca: I'm working. lazy . I'm so lazy. Yeah. So, mean, but it's still pulling in like under $10 per qualified lead, which is working full-time in Australian. So we'll see what they have to say.
Bre Colley: Maybe it's been a blessing in disguise because Siobhan's off on holidays and Kat has been, she's traveling, so she doesn't really have the time right now. Like she could, but she'd make it work if I had the client. And then I'm . So I think maybe there's something in the air. I don't know. Look at me going ahead, blaming other things. It is what it is.
Kyle Musca: What I'm going to do here actually is because this isn't sound. No, no, because I can't do that if they're not pulling leads through.
Bre Colley: I was going to change something. No, I can't do it. I'll let you know when they get back to me.
Kyle Musca: You're getting $10 cost per qualified lead, so.
Bre Colley: That's not horrible.
Kyle Musca: It's really good. That's exactly what it was. It's probably the same, if not better, than what it was when you were pulling in 44 turnaround investment, so.
Bre Colley: So cooked.
Kyle Musca: Okay, babes, is there anything else you want to cover?
Bre Colley: No, babes. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: We'll just give it, maybe it's just a  week. I've noticed across everyone's account, so. Yeah. Whatever it is, it's not like you're the only one experience again.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Thanks for saying that, if you're lying to me or not.
Kyle Musca: Nah, Aaron's the exact same. Mine's iffy. Tommy's also been a bit  tired, so.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Could even use it as a thing to break into the US a little bit.
Bre Colley: I'm not opposed to that at all because it's a much, much bigger - Well, go make some US graphics and we'll test them. Okay. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Sure. Bye, buddy. I will chat to you soon.
Bre Colley: Bye.
Kyle Musca: Also, on that, you could also run the retreat ads to the US to say pounds instead of kilos.
Bre Colley: Oh, yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: They can all- same .
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. I will see you in two seconds.
Bre Colley: Bye.
Kyle Musca: Bye.


>>> 189/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-04-30T06:53:41Z | id:142369044
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
asha: Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, thanks. Can you hear me?
asha: This week's... Is this Wi-Fi really bad?
Kyle Musca: No, it's not too bad. I'm just looking.
asha: That mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, what did you say before, sorry? Yeah, how's things been this week?
asha: Definitely a slower week. Had a lot of no-shows. I also only had about eight calls booked in, but I have had two of those sign-on.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so I haven't even had two calls.
asha: So I've had one, two, three no-shows, one rescheduled today, took three calls, made two sales.
Kyle Musca: Okay, nice. So close rates definitely improved. Are you selling the, are you just going the weekly payment plan or what's going on there?
asha: No, I tried to stay away from that. tried to not even offer that. And I was doing upfront and weekly, but they, like, they were quite a low upfront.
Kyle Musca: Okay, as long as, I mean, as long as you got them across the line. And closer, it definitely seems like. It's improved significantly, which is fantastic.
asha: Yeah, I'm feeling so much more confident on the calls, like with the sales process and like a couple of my calls this week. Instead of trying to write down and take notes, I'm doing what we said last week and just like listening and being like, what can I kind of tie it into and feedback to like their pain points. I can't believe how long it's taken me to kind of grasp the sales calls and really learn how to listen better, I guess, and responding to the things that would mean more to them. But yeah, look, it's a, we're, it's, we're getting there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, and it kind of snowballs, like once you see it works, you kind of like more actively lean into it. again, that comes down to the reps and everything. But yeah, I think especially with the sales trainings with Brie will be fantastic because it's girl on girl sales. And. And she's just very, very, very good at objection handling and just that whole process. So the biggest thing right now, in terms of the low call rate and everything like that, mean, that's still like quite a lot of calls spoke to organically. I think that it seems to be just a  time in Australia from what I've seen across everyone's different account, just because maybe what's happening. Yeah, I don't know if it's just a time period thing. I don't know if it's just, you know, what's happening with the fuel and there's a lot of fear in the market. I was like looking into it before and apparently like overall spending for Australians is down quite a lot of non-essential services and activities and everything like that. So I think, and you know, that with the, yeah, and that with like, I think the cost of living and all that  is just so compounding and people just aren't a little bit tighter at the moment. So, yeah, now the biggest thing is probably the show up rate. rate. So, So, So, yeah. So you've had three no-shows, you've taken three, so that's six. Do you have two more?
asha: What did I say to you before? So how many did I have? Oh, sorry. I had seven booked in, not eight. So I've had three no-shows, three calls taken, and then one call that I was meant to take today, she rescheduled. We're currently still in the process of just like going back and forth on Instagram.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So what we'll do there is let's just pick apart the messages on ManyChat first. Is there anything specifically that you want to cover in this call?
asha: Not really. I do have a lot of content that I've filmed this week that I need to just get out over the next couple of days. So that's good. Obviously, I'll track some call to actions in there. I'm going to do... I'm just a call to action tomorrow, like the old Saturday post that we used to do.
Kyle Musca: Yep.
asha: I feel like I'm pretty good, to be honest. Like, it's just getting these calls booked in and getting these girls to show up. Because I feel like the last couple of weeks, my sales rate has definitely, like, my closing rate has definitely gone up. So now it's just getting these girls to actually show up. And, like, you know, I'm messaging these girls the night before, messaging them the morning of. Some just ghost you. Like, I understand it's just part of the process, but, yeah. I don't know. And I also realized that my Saturday call scheduling that I usually have on there, I took it off when I went to Melbourne last year. Last week. So I normally get girls. I can't even speak today. What the ? I normally get girls booking in on Saturday. And I just turned that on in my calendar link. Which I kidding. Hopefully, if I get a few girls through today and tomorrow, maybe I can get some calls on Saturday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I mean, even if I can talk about your story, I've been getting heaps of inquiries about coaching, so I've opened up two spots tomorrow for girls who are serious about starting by Monday, something like that. Yeah. Probably put a little bit more effort into wording it, but something like that.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One thing I...
asha: Also, I haven't been on many chat today. Now that you're pulling this up, I'm like, . Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One thing I reckon we could look at doing here is, look, you're getting a setter into your account. These are all qualified leads, apparently. So there's a lot in there. Wouldn't need a crazy amount if we're just relying on organic, but maybe even like two hours in the morning, two hours in the afternoon. Just to sort of, one, do the post-call messages and also just have these conversations with these girls. What we could do there as well is because I want to, so now... Now I've changed how I do this. So one, I sourced the set as myself.
asha: Is this not the same as the one that you, what was her name? The one that you sourced the other day?
Kyle Musca: Did I send one through to you?
asha: Yeah. Clemé, yeah. Would I be using her? Because I think I spoke to her about just doing a few less hours to start.
Kyle Musca: I probably would. Clemé is really reliable and everything like that, but I want to do this new route because it has worked quite well for other people I've done it for.
asha: Okay, awesome.
Kyle Musca: And just allows me to, like, train more properly in the way I want them to do stuff.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also, for you specifically, because I don't think we'll need, like, crazy amount of hours just to get started.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What we can do is we can even, because I've spoken to my setter about it and she's up for it, we could even just get her to work in your account as well for a couple of hours through the day.
asha: And just pay her, you know, maybe $3 extra or something like that because it's not crazy amount of lead volume and she just keeps an eye on your messages. thatare. sure. over. go. Let's Let's Yeah, that'd be great. Because sometimes I feel like I'll be like, oh, it's been 12 hours. It's been 24 hours. I'm like, , I never got back to that person, you know, while also trying to juggle it all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that's so critical. So what I can do is if you're up for that, I'll have a chat with her and I'll try and get, she should be fine. She should be pretty happy with $3 an hour working in my account as well. Once you get someone in there full-time, it's probably about $6 to $7 USD an hour. then there might be like a small commission on a closed call, for example, but it wouldn't be anything more than like $25 USD or something like that. So it's definitely worth it.
asha: Well, look, if I'm getting, sorry, I'm getting some water. If I can get more sales booked in and more closers, then it's worth it.
Kyle Musca: Like I'm more than happy to do that. Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing. Like the set is, as long as you've got the lead volume, they're definitely worth their weight in gold because I'll read, I'll just be pissed off. Um, so yeah, um, I'll have a chat with her about that straight away. Um, hopefully we get her into, into your account soon. Um, yeah. And she, and then it's also good cause they take care of all the, the night before messages and everything like that for you. So, so there's a few.
asha: And these all from, oh, the last 12 hours. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. See, even some like these just cause, yeah, I would say you probably get a lot more calls booked in some, I'm going to get onto it pretty much ASAP.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, stuff like that. Again, it's a very tedious video in DMs, but stuff like that will kill conversations. Sorry. Just like that was on Sunday and then Wednesday.
asha: Oh. So there was a bunch. There's of messages that I found and I went through and kind of tried to do like some quality control. If you go back through, it hasn't been that delayed, I promise.
Kyle Musca: And then this girl signed?
asha: Yeah, she signed. Oh yeah, I had to tell this girl to not waste my time because they rescheduled her three times.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, once they do that, it's just  annoying.
asha: Yeah, I like, you're taking the piss, babe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I deal with this, like the first time, fine or reschedule. And then I do make it clear, like, you know, I do block it this hour out for you or can wake you up. Will you? Will you be able to make that time?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, if someone reschedules three times, it's like,  get your  together.
asha: Yeah, literally, I'm like, I'm not  wasting another hour. Like, not an hour, but I'm waiting for you, and you're like, oh, okay, sorry.
Kyle Musca: So if we have a look at this. Yeah, and then I remember we spoke about last week about there's, like, less leads coming through than the application form.
asha: Yeah, because I think in, I think it was six weeks or eight weeks, there were 300 applications in the Jot form. And I feel like we've had this for a month now, have we?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've had that.
asha: Yeah. I also haven't been posting as many of my, like, mirror, you know, that, like, viral reel that I do where it's, like, the mirror and then the three. I'm about to post one tonight. I don't have my mirror here, but I did one in the sauna yesterday. So I'm going to see if that brings a couple more leads in. But there was a point there where I kept, like, once or twice a week, I'd do the mirror shot with, like, three habits for fat loss or whatever. And I think that was bringing in a lot more girls. Kind of like that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. These ones are great.
asha: Three fat loss tips. Like, that's great. I'm going to do another one tonight.
Kyle Musca: I've, like, I've also noticed how you've been doing that, like, that Christina girl type thing where it's a little bit more for everyone. And then, like, it goes.
asha: Yeah. The only thing is I'm still getting so many males. Obviously, like, . It excels and it makes girls be like, wow, I want her body. But like, I was talking to Millie the other day. She's like, Asha, you just have a very  appealing, like you're curvy, like men love that. And I'm like, yeah, I don't  want a meal. Like, it's just frustrating.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, as long as you're getting girls follow you and everything like that, that's fine.
asha: Yeah, I'm definitely getting.
Kyle Musca: I mean, I'm sure Millie would have a lot of  males follow her as well.
asha: She does, but she actually has insane engagement with females, hey.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, how's yours like in terms of, your views have been fantastic.
asha: Yeah, views are killing it. Like, and my, like, views following, likes are really good. I'm just being a lot more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, this looks exactly like what we're speaking about. Yeah, it's the nutrition, it's the training, the lifestyle. Lifestyle, I guess you could call that as well. So this looks exactly how we want it to look.
asha: Okay, perfect. And what I do is I usually go through, I'll post, like, a And then I might go in and be like, what cover photos can I change? And I try to, like, on that, like, coaching gym aesthetic rather than just, like, me with my  car everywhere because I know it was that. What did you ask me? Did you want to see my engagement for Instagram?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, the male to female thing, yeah. Where's your weekly sort of revenue sitting at now that we've gotten some sales through the door?
asha: What was it when we started, like, uh, very low twos or just under two, hey?
Kyle Musca: It was, like, it was less than 10 a month, so yeah.
asha: Yeah, I think at one point, uh, yeah, it was between, like, I think at one point it got... It turned to like $1,700, and that's where I was like, I'm going to have to get a real job. Like, what the 's going on? Yeah, it's around like the two. But now we're sitting, I'd say, like the four.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
asha: So we're getting there, but it's just, I just hate that. Like, obviously, sales, you're going to, you're never going to be good at it at the start. But , I wish I had half those girls who booked in last, like, a couple months ago now. So I'm like, I feel so much more confident. I can definitely get them across the line. Hey?
Kyle Musca: Did you end up magic hatting them?
asha: So I did a couple of them. Yesterday, I was like, oh, I need to follow up a whole bunch and do another magic hat. So I might even do that tomorrow. I wonder if I can do that. Yeah, I'll do that tomorrow. See if I can get people booked in over the weekend.
Kyle Musca: Again, this is, I think. I the next biggest step, honestly, for you is just getting a setter, because that's where they just use, like, I want to do a magic hat, just go for it.
asha: Also, they can do that for me as well. Or I guess they're just contacting leads, yeah? Like, everyone in, like, many chat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
asha: We have to connect them to meta and stuff like that, but that's fine.
Kyle Musca: I think we're very much, like, I reckon we get the setter in, because I want to get her into a bit of a managerial training role type thing. Um, so it'd be good for her to get into your account, play around with it, so she understands, you the female tonality and everything like that. And then what we can do is we can source an actual setter to go into your account. Around that time, I reckon it's probably a good time to start, like, running ads, because I reckon once we run an ad for you, it like, start to rip. Right now, again, as I mentioned before, it's just been quiet for everyone. I think it's probably not the best time to launch ads right now. Hopefully, that blows over by then, though. know, and then... We're in a really good position to sort of do that, if that's obviously what you want to do.
asha: So how do I even find my followers? Wait, what?
Kyle Musca: You're going to Insights?
asha: What do I go to on there?
Kyle Musca: So Insights, News, Interactions, New Followers, or Interactions. Yeah, go New Followers.
asha: New Followers. If I scroll down, it's got 37% men, 62% women.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, fantastic.
asha: That's a good ratio. I did have that at like 72 women a couple months ago, so it has obviously gone down, but I just feel like, and you know, my post last night that I did for Elites Up, like I'm in a bikini, and I think I've got a lot of men from that post. I probably drinked in my mouth and . But hey, did well.
Kyle Musca: It was funny. Yeah, I mean, like anytime you could post, you know. Female fitness stuff. It's probably going to be dudes in the fall. So that's okay.
asha: The amount of guys I just block, hey, it's great. I'm just like,  off. Don't message me. Don't want you on here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that, what we need to do then is I need to build out a DM setting tone and everything for you. So this is what we're going to do this week. I will send you, send you the SEO dashboard as well. So I won't send you that just yet because I needed that. Yeah. So these are three different forms, obviously. One is your client avatar. Now try and fill these out as in-depth as possible. Yeah. Bye.
asha: And this is going to go to the setter? Is that what you're saying?
Kyle Musca: No, I've got to go build out different projects and everything like that for you in your DM setting thing and everything like that.
asha: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, for example, do you use Claude?
asha: I've started using it, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Claude's definitely the way to go. So, for example, build out all the projects and stuff you need. So I have a DM setting one, for example, that I have my setters use, and they basically just run the entire conversations through this, and it spits out really nice personalized replies that don't sound like AI in chat, like gross.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I would spend some time on doing these properly because, again, these will lay the foundations from, one, all a messaging standpoint. Again, just make a copy and feel free to edit it. And also, when I, like, write ad scripts and everything like that for when we get to that point, that's what these. It also help me do. So it's really, really important that they're obviously done with, I guess, care, not rushed is the right probably word to say. It's kind of annoying, but that's fine. Yeah. So one is the client avatar, obviously who it is, what pain points they struggle with, you know, try and also think about this is where the sales calls come into play massively. Because if you hear repeating patterns, make sure to include those things into here and say how they would actually play. We want to use the exact words.
asha: Yeah. I've got a lot of notes from the past two, three weeks, maybe even longer that I can kind of go through as well. But it's, it's all the same  to be honest. Like I can tell you right now what some of them are.
Kyle Musca: So yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Now the coach tonality. So this is to, for me to get all your marketing messaging. So this is like. They're all really important, but this is a very, very important one. So once you do the client avatar, you can just remove all this stuff and paste that into this section.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And now each one, so it's like one, that's a question. So you answer that one question. Some people just like to answer this bottom one. It's like, that doesn't give me anything. So make sure like answer each one.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense? Yeah. It's all pretty straightforward. And then with this stuff, delete the ones that don't apply to you, as it says here. So some people just like highlight it or something like, don't do that because I need to only have the ones that you actually want to use. So just delete them.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Other than that, it's pretty self-explanatory. And this one is pretty similar to the tonality. This is just going to be a little bit more for the DM setting side of things specifically. This one's not as long. All right. To be honest, you don't even need that one. Don't even worry about that one.
asha: It's the same as the tonality. So did you send me both?
Kyle Musca: I did send you, but don't even do that one.
asha: Which one was it? Was that the set of tone?
Kyle Musca: The one you need to do? Yeah, the DM set of tone one.
asha: Don't worry about that one. Don't worry about that one. Okay, cool. So just the target audience and the coach direct response, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. it's... Now, is anything specifically your... Okay, the show-up rate. Yes, that's what I want to look at.
asha: So who... And then obviously I feel like the show-up rate, you know, it could be because I don't send that evening one sometimes. Like it's... I feel like I'm... Depending on how much I've got on, how much workload, am I doing content, which I don't like, mate. These  excuses, but like sometimes I'm like, oh , I haven't responded in 24 hours, haven't responded in 12 hours, like it's definitely something that I'm going to cop 100%.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's a pretty simple fix. I said I will fix literally all of that for you. The biggest thing, the night before message is critical. Yeah, and you've got the messaging template and everything like that. I have changed my messaging template a little bit on my script and it would be changed on yours as well. So we'll run through that. So everything is the same above. It's the post-booking flow that has changed. So this is the same. You should have just got a confirmation email. Did that come through? Are you on Go High Level or Calendly?
asha: Calendly. What's Go High Level? Would that be better?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you're probably getting to the point where it makes sense for you to start switching over to Go High Level. What is it, Go High Level? Yeah, it's like an all-in-one. It's a booking system. CRM, you can set up all your automations, you can connect to Instagram, your sellers can message through that and everything like that.
asha: Okay, sick. Yeah, I feel like having it all in the one place would just be so much better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll run you through that in second as well. But instead of saying like, will you 100% be able to make that call? People were saying yes to that, but people just still weren't showing up. So I was like, , I'm just going to rip that out. doesn't really make a difference. And it's just adding extra friction. And, you know, some people can maybe start to feel a little bit of pressure from that. So I just ripped it out. Don't bother doing it. And instead of saying, if something pops up, or you have any issues jumping on, I just say, if you have any issues jumping on. The reason I do that is because we don't want to plant a seed that it's just okay to reschedule, right? Because if we say that, then it's like people might perceive it as normal to reschedule. It's not normal to reschedule.
asha: booked in the time. It is normal to show up for that time. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So if you have any issues... She's jumping on, just let me know. And then we explained that the call is on Google Meet because they do need to download the Google Meet app, so it's important, but we don't send the link yet. I removed the link because we'll send that later the night before. Does that all make sense? Just want to make sure we can dive into things on the day. Cool. They say yes. Awesome chatting to you, Rachel. Super keen to see what we've come up with. I've got to dive into some client programming, but I'll touch base with you now before I call, send through a couple of things before we chat. But to really get the most out of this call, have a think about where you're at, you know, why you want to make a change and what that change is actually going to do for you.
asha: Here's the pre-call video. Chat soon, Rachel. I like that a lot better. Are you able to send me that and then I can edit that, like add that into mine?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely.
asha: Because even sometimes when I've been sending, they're like, oh, and just want to make sure like you're 100% showing up to the call. Even I'm like, just book the call. And I don't like, you could be like, well, obviously, I've just booked the call and then they get all weird about it.
Kyle Musca: Like what you said at the start. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, it was a, the reason I added that was because it's like a psychological trick. they verbally confirm it, then they could be more likely to. But I mean, it just wasn't really doing that job. we'll just rip it out. Now, the night before message has also changed. instead of saying, can you confirm you're still good for it? What I'm trying to do here is re-engage the conversation and get a reply out of them. So just having a look at my calendar tomorrow, can confirm we're good for 4pm. Just wanted to check if you had a chance to check out that video I sent above. Right. So it's, more so just like trying to re-engage conversation and get a reply. And if they watch that video above, it's very, very, very likely that they'll show up to the call.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, this is, we'll come back to this in a second. Right. If they say yes, awesome. Look forward chatting. Here's the link to make it easier. And then that's when you send the link, which again, is easier to do through GoHala than the calendar.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If they say no, no worries, man. If you could watch that beforehand, it would be awesome. Run through exactly what we're going to be.
asha: Covering, so you can get the most out of it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Then, if they haven't replied to the night before message, one thing I've started doing, you don't have to do this. It is completely up to you. If you're taking the calls and stuff, I personally probably would do this because I don't like wasting my time. Hey, I'm getting heaps of guys wanting to book in that spot for this afternoon. Can you please let me know if you're still good for the call? If I haven't head back in two hours, I may have to cancel and give it to someone else.
asha: Yeah, I love.
Kyle Musca: So, again, that's only if they haven't replied back to the night before message. Usually, if and then two hours later, again, you're not going to do this. The setter will definitely have to do this. But two hours later, if they still haven't replied, then the setter will go to the furthest calls out. So, if there's a call next week, for example, be like, hey, I just had a spot open up at 4 p.m.
asha: afternoon. Did you want to jump on then? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The reason we do that is because if you can get someone to, from further out, obviously the call, if you get someone out from like next week and they get on today, obviously the conversion ratio is higher or more likely. Plus if you speak to them on that day about scheduling for the afternoon, it's very, very likely that they'll show up to the call.
asha: Yeah, I've noticed that.
Kyle Musca: And if the person that you originally had the booking comes back and say, oh, sorry, I was busy. It's like no stress, like let's just do tomorrow at 4 p.m. instead. And now they know not to  around.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? Any questions on that?
asha: No, I like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just a little bit more natural, little bit more streamlined. Now.
asha: Yeah. Did you just send that one to me? Yeah, you did. Or did you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
asha: Yeah. The new updated one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
asha: Oh, and I do apologize about Tuesday. I was really looking forward to the sales call with Bree, and I just knew I wouldn't be able to rock up in enough time. So I was like, I'm just going to message her. But yeah, every Tuesday, like it's, I've got it in my calendar.
Kyle Musca: It's there. Yeah.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's true. So I just think for you, that would be like specifically to you, that would be really valuable.
asha: I want all the help I can get. Like I want to nail these.
Kyle Musca: And bring a call to her because she'll review someone's call, basically live. That scares me, but okay. Yeah.
asha: That's better. You know other people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. This is Go High Level. I don't set much up with the dashboard. I don't really use the dashboard. Go High Level has a lot of different  features. I only usually like really use like three, right? The main one I use it for is calendars. Booking. Calls. Much, much easier, especially when you've got DM setters in here because GoHighLevel is a little bit sticky when it has multiple people, whereas you can add people as users. They come in and let's say, cool, I want to book in for tomorrow at 10 a.m. All they have to do is click on the spot. They have to do the, let's say, US Vision call, right? Pick who the closer is. If it's just you, then it's just you, right? Let's just go, I don't know. Then you set your time, timestamps. You set your available times to take calls and that's all that will be available for them. So for example, right, tomorrow's not actually available. So it's all next week booked out. I'll have to double-check on that. But I'll do an Australian one because it's going to be easy with Tommy. So, for example, let's say someone wants to book at the 4.30. They choose the calendar. can have different calendars so you can identify where different calls are coming from, which is very helpful. Right. Let's say default Thursday. What's going on here? That's so annoying. Then these are the available times Tommy can take calls next week or you can take calls next week, right? Because that's the times I've said. Yeah. Fantastic. Go for that spot. Then all you need to do, they need to do is add contact, add the name, the phone number, the email, what time zone they're in, happy days, save, and their calls booked.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then what you can do in there is you can click onto it. It's created their customer. So, if you need to, or client or whatever. So, if you need to send them the join link, for example, all I need to do is copy that and send it to them.
asha: Okay, cool. So, you don't have to go to Calendly or like, I just feel like I'm constantly having to  open up YouTube.
Kyle Musca: Let's you. Yeah. So it's all in one place. Then what you can also do is you can click on to their name. You can connect different numbers here as well. So you can have like an Australian number. You can have a US number attached. So what you can do is you can send them SMSs out.
asha: Also, this is Instagram on here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you can connect different channels. So you can connect SMS, can connect WhatsApp, email, Instagram. Yeah. And you can connect other things. I'm pretty sure if you for some reason wanted to.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for example, but like, so if I send an SMS, they've like updated the interface here. So it's a little bit  confusing, but that's all right, guess. Where? Yeah, here we go. So I could type in. So see how I've got a US number plus six one. And I've also got an Australian number plus six one. So you can easily message people with different countries, which would be very helpful for you if you did want to run through a JotForb. Oh, wait, you're getting a lot of Australians, so it doesn't matter.
asha: I think I've had three inquiries in the past month on JotForb. I have reached out to them, haven't heard a single thing.
Kyle Musca: Are the replies a lot better on Instagram, like when they do message them?
asha: A lot better. But I am still getting a lot of...
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry.
asha: So what they're doing is obviously they're filling out the, what do you call it, the flow, the many chat flow. And I'm just finding, they'll pop their details in, they'll be like, yeah, age is this, height is this, whatever. And I'm like, awesome, babe, like, you know, what do you feel like you've been struggling? And then I don't get a response and I'll follow up and I'll follow up again. It's very rare that I get girls that are just booking straight through. The actual book here link, but I do, I don't know, I do get a couple.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'd say probably the biggest culprit for that is just Speed to Lead. That will kill a lot of conversations, a lot of deals.
asha: The ones, the calls that I booked in last week, though, they were all, they had four calls, had two sales. They were all done through me in DMs. So, you know, obviously it shows that it works and I must have got to them quick enough.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. So you can message them all through here. Yeah. Pretty, pretty self-explanatory there, but it's pretty cool. Then you can set up all your automations and stuff. So, for example, I've got a booked call automation. In my opinion, it's a little bit, it's not easier, but it's makes more sense. So you don't have to set this up either. I've got a guy that can set this up for you, but. When someone books in, let's say, you know, normal coaching call with my closer, Tommy, as soon as that happens, they get a confirmation email, right? This is honestly all pretty easy. looks complicated, but all you have to do is press the plus and add what action you want, what it does. Here's the email. Cool. 43 minutes later, they're going to get a message. Hey, Michael, Tommy here from Kyle's team at EMP. Just saw you locked in a call with me at 4 p.m. on the 4th of March. Keen to see what we, or May, keen to see what we can come up with. Also, thought I'd shoot you a quick vid Kyle made so you can look at the program looks like on the inside. Worth a look before we chat.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then 24 hours before the call. Hey, John, just a heads up, we're on for tomorrow at 4 p.m. I just reviewed your convo with Kyle and keen to have a chat. Also, just so I can make the calls valuable as possible. Is there anything specifically you want to cover? So that was sent through as an SMS. And then if they do reply, my DM setters will see that and reply back to them.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Two hours before the call, 10 minutes before the call, happy data. it's just all that stuff. All right. Pretty cool. Pretty straightforward. The other thing you can do here, probably not going to be as important for you, unless you ran back to the draft form, is you can set up things like this. So what happens when someone fills out my organic application form is they come through here automatically. So they come into the organic leads. That's where my DM setters can come through and conversate with them. All right. If they're unqualified, they go into here, maybe, whatever. But for most time, thankfully, they are qualified. Now, you can set up heaps and heaps of different automations. So, for example, if they self-book a call straight in, then they automatically get moved up to this bucket. And then if they manually book a call, like the setters manually book them in, then they get moved over to, well, they don't automatically, but the setters will move them over to this bucket.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you're going to see where they are in the pipeline. Luckily for the DM strategy, it's very, very simple. You don't need this. But it's like if you, you know, for example, if you're running things through landing pages and email sequences and everything like that, that's when you kind of need to see this a little bit more visually mapped out in front of you to see where people are in the pipeline.
asha: Yeah. Now, if I was to get a setter, which obviously we're going to get a setter to hopefully get in more calls, would you recommend getting GoHighLevel and then scrapping? Because wait, still have to have, do you still have to have Calendly and everything? Because at the moment you don't have to.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So this is an all-in-one. It's an emailing system and everything like that.
asha: So, for example, I can go into contact. Do think this would be better just to make... Make the process smoother for the setup.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's definitely better. So, for example, these are all my clients that have ever interacted with me. There's 18,421 people. That's wild. You can create lists in here as well. So these are all my expired clients from whenever I last did this. So I can automatically click all of them, or in this case, 50, but I can open this up to 100 at a time. Click all of them. And if I wanted to send them an SMS, bulk SMS.
asha: I could do – do you think I could do like a magic hat kind of thing with this as well?
Kyle Musca: You could. Yeah, you could.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They would do the magic hat through ManyChat because they're tagged there a little bit easier. The thing with Go High Level is it costs like a fraction of a cent to send SMSs. So I think it costs like 0.015 or some sort. Some  like that. It's like  all for one, but like obviously if you're sending hundreds and hundreds, it does rack up.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I can, you know, it is easy enough for me to just go, cool, hey, I'm running a special offer, yeah, whatever the  you want to do. I think emails are free though, so it's like you can do email marketing through this as well, which I'm not a huge fan of until you've really got  set up properly, but, you know, it's something.
asha: I'm scarred from email marketing from working with .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, never check emails, I'm surprised I haven't.
asha: I never check my emails, I have like 20,000 emails or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm surprised I haven't gotten legal trouble for it, be honest, but. That's okay.
asha: Should have opened that two years ago, what?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so pretty cool, and then you can see all the conversations in here, so it's like if they want to come in here and filter by. My Instagram messages only, they can see all, did I filter that? Cool, so these are just all Instagram messages, so they don't have, because sometimes ManyChat will bug out and messages won't load or anything like that.
asha: That's what I've noticed with ManyChat, it's  frustrating, it doesn't, a lot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like they can just do this instead.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What the is that? Is that George? Oh, okay. Sorry, I thought that was George one time. Cool. Um, yeah, that's, and you can do a bunch of other , but again, once you log into GoHullable, you'll look at it and you'll be like, holy .
asha: Well, I think it looks kind of similar. Similar to, like, what was it called? Hang on, it's coming for me. No, but I've used a platform similar to this with, like, the dashboard conversions, opportunities.
Kyle Musca: Like, I feel like it's just learning this new process with the messaging and Instagram and booking and everything. Yeah, but that's just a fraction of what you can do. Like, for example, you can build that full, like, landing pages and websites and stuff on this if you wanted to.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You can do a bunch of stuff on it. Like, I haven't even looked into what marketing is.
asha: Do you think, I don't need a landing page, do I?
Kyle Musca: No.
asha: My Instagram is my landing page, basically, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Like, that's where all my  is. No, you don't need a landing page.
asha: Okay, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. Any questions on any of that?
asha: No. So I'm just trying to think, maybe I could get Ava to set that up, or I could, is it pretty straightforward, like when you connect to it, is there much, like how long would the setup process be, or should I even try to do that over the weekend?
Kyle Musca: It's as easy as just creating an account. The only thing that's a little bit annoying is maybe adding an Australian and US number if you wanted to do that. What I'll do is I'll send you my go high-level guy. So if you do have any questions, you can just message him and he can put in any automations and stuff that you need, especially once you create an account, their support team will like hound you to try and get on training calls and stuff like that, which you might want to do. I think they do it because they know it's like a very sort of overwhelming experience when you first log in. Like when I first got it, I looked at it and I just didn't watch it for like probably a couple months.
asha: You're just like, let's go.
Kyle Musca: How many buttons? Like, what the ? Yeah, I'm like, don't know what the  to do here. But literally, all you need to do is just learn how to create a calendar, and you're good to go, and you just play around it. But you might want to even jump on with them, and they'll run you through the system a little bit more in depth and show you what to do.
asha: Yeah, awesome.
Kyle Musca: Plus, it's a very, very well-known sort of CRM, so there'd be heaps of YouTube videos on it if you need any, like, or even, like, what I do if I...
asha: I have heard of it before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, or what I do if I'm not sure, I just screenshot it and put it into, like, Claude or something, and, like, I'm trying to do this, what I do.
asha: Honestly, I don't know how I would even function as a human without AI. Any thought, I'm like, what's this? What about this? How about this? I love it so much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah. Cool. Perfect. So, yeah, I think the biggest thing right now, I think the next step for you is getting a setter in, because that will... will... Just ramp things right up for you. Take a bit of that, quite a lot of that workload off your shoulders so you're going focus on closing clients. What I'll do right now is I'll reach out to my DM setter. Her name is Mia. See if she's open to doing maybe $3 an hour or something like that. The good thing is she'll be working in my account so often. I'm sure she'll just check your account frequently anyway. And then I'll just tell her like the goal will be just to get you up to like your account up to scratch, get some sales across the line so we can get a like a full-time setter in there. And then what I want to do is get her to manage that properly.
asha: Yeah. I honestly think like  at the moment, hopefully we'll bring in more leads. But yeah, like you said, like two, three hours a day or something. Like not even like, I feel like two hours would be perfect. Like a couple, like an hour in the morning, hour in the evening or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would probably get her in maybe at least four. Yeah, if it's only three USD, so that's five bucks, 20 bucks a day. You know, it will.
asha: Actually true. Yeah, I didn't even think about the price point there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like- Because not everyone's going to respond as soon as she sends a message.
asha: So I guess it's going to have to be like checking in.
Kyle Musca: It's also the night before messages and stuff like that. She'll do all that stuff for you. The follow-ups, she'll do all that for you.
asha: Yeah, that'll be amazing.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So yeah, in the meantime, I'll chat to her. If you can just get those forms built out for me, I'll build all the project, all the files I need for you for her to do that. And then we're good to go.
asha: Awesome. Thank you so much. When did you want me to get those to you, like ASAP, like next week? Yeah, as long as they're to me by next week, they'll be- Oh, wait, when do we- So yeah, I'll do it this weekend. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
asha: She should be at the start before then.
Kyle Musca: will post that.
asha: She might not start before then, actually, but even if we get in there by, like, maybe next week or something, it should be right. Yeah, even if we get her in there Monday, I can do that Saturday, Sunday, send it to you, yeah. And, yeah, I'll post that reel tonight. It's another one of me in the sauna. I feel like that's maybe, it'll do well. I feel like it'll do well. I haven't posted one of those in a couple of weeks, so hopefully get a couple of leads. And, yeah, I'll do that call to action tomorrow as well on my story. I've changed up how I post my stories, and I'm trying to get my views up, and it's working very, very slowly. So, I'm hoping to get more people seeing them to then see more call to actions and so forth.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. I don't know if it still works, but there used to be a thing on Instagram where if you just didn't post anything for 24 hours on your story, and then you just post one post, it just pops It pushes it really, really hard for all your audience.
asha: I don't know. So that's what I did. I got 8,000 views when I posted the  lift in my house after not posting for a whole day. I'm like, yeah, of course I had to post that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just do that with a CTA.
asha: Yeah, I'll do that. Maybe I'll, you know what, tomorrow morning I'll remove my, I'll archive all my stories, and then Sunday I'll chuck a story up, pull-to-action with some before and afters, and I'll bring people through there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect. Awesome. Cool. All right, I'll keep you updated. I'll probably create a group chat or something once she's on board, and then we'll go from there.
asha: Amazing. Thank you so much, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: I'll to you soon. No worries. Chat soon. Bye.
asha: Bye.


>>> 190/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-01T04:02:10Z | id:142741095
People: Kyle Musca

Shone Koo: This meeting is being recorded. One second. Can you hear me?
Kyle Musca: Hey, how are you going?
Shone Koo: Good. Thanks. Very good.
Kyle Musca: How are you? Good, thank you. Cool. It's nice to officially meet you.
Shone Koo: Yeah, same. Yeah, it's nice to see you that I'm working both with you and Bree. That's a nice situation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Yeah. I'm sure she's probably sort of ran you through it, but we have a couple of cool opportunities coming up. So, yeah, I we'd jump on and just sort of do trialing some of my calls, probably working in her account a little bit deeper. And then there's a coach that I want to sort of launch maybe mid-May. I don't know if she's told you much about that, but that will be another female offer, which I'm expecting we'll get really, really good lead flow for that. So, yeah. Run me through, just so I can cover everything that you're sort of looking for.
Shone Koo: Any questions you have about the offer and like, I guess, what specific? Yeah, was hoping we could maybe squeeze in some kind of a, maybe a mock through objections, and just kind of going through how it's similar to Bree's offer as well, because I do notice the similarities in script. I really like the objection handling file. I just think it's very concise and to the point. Okay. Also, just wondering if you have any examples of calls that I can look through, if you can send those to me, just so I can get up to date with, like, what, you know, your average ICP and that sort of thing, which also is a question of mine, like, who is your average ICP? And this is for your male enhanced, sorry, elite male performance offer, correct?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So Tommy's going to be a better one to speak to about that, because he's my current closer and he also works. This is my sales trainer. I do have call recordings, but they're from probably six months ago or so, maybe even longer. So it's like he's going to be a little bit more relevant. As well as Tommy does his script a little bit differently to how I do mine. So I like to spend probably a good 45 minutes on each call, whereas Tommy gets through them in like 30 minutes. So like just sort of, I'll leave that side of things to him specifically, just because I don't want to confuse you by telling you one thing and then he tells you something completely different. What I'll do though is I'll run you through the offer and then I'll run you through the objection side of things. The objection in terms of fitness offers, it can be very, very similar in terms of what you'll get on my end versus what you'll get on Bree's end. would just be the dynamic of male to female, but the overall objections will be pretty similar. So I assume Bree's probably sent you the, the sales script.
Shone Koo: Yes, I have yours. I mean, you sent me yours. There's. Slightly different, but pretty similar.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. While you're going through it, Tommy will send you his one. You can read them and honestly, it's probably going to come down to you which one you want to sort of prefer. His is probably a little bit shorter. While you're getting used to the offer and everything like that, I mean, this is the one I use. I love this one. You can read it basically word for word and obviously just change things out. Biggest thing is obviously just with the script. It's more of a dialogue, right? And we want to intently listen to what they're saying, but just continue moving them through the conversation to get to the ultimate goal. All this stuff is pretty self-explanatory. Is there anything specifically that you want to cover on this part of the script before I move on to more so the close?
Shone Koo: No, I feel pretty good about it. I went through it earlier. Yeah, I think my main question is can we maybe make it concise? I did a call for Brie yesterday and I did. I Struggle in terms of keeping to the time because we actually went over time and just, you know, depending on how they respond as well, they may say a lot. that does stretch out the time there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this will come with reps, of course. The biggest thing is like, you don't want to let someone sort of yap. And that's what I was sort of talking about in terms of this is great to keep moving them through the script because realistically, you should be able to get to the close within about 20 minutes, 25 minutes.
Shone Koo: Yeah. I genuinely felt like, because everything she said was actually very relevant. She kept talking about pain points and what she was talking about in her life and, you know, boyfriends, past experiences, whatnot. But yeah, basically my question is, can we adjust it? Like, can we, if we're conscious of time, can we just basically move from current state to future state pain points? If we cover all those, if we're 20 minutes in, half an hour in. And we've got to move it forward, right? So that's my question.
Kyle Musca: Are you cool with that? Yeah. So Tommy's one will be more concise. So you might want to prefer to use that one. With that as well, one of the – I'm not sure what Bree's sort of ran over with you. One thing that's really, really important to do is in the very first start of the call, I spend maybe one, maybe two minutes max on like rapport building in terms of just general chat. And then it's like, cool. So, yeah, I appreciate you jumping on with me today. I know you've had a bit of back and forth with Kyle before this, and I don't want to take up too much of time. I've got a call in about 45 minutes as well. So do you want to rip right into things? So that sets the tone that we only have 45 minutes. You can say half an hour, whatever your time block is. I need to get through it in this way. That way, if things do start to drag on, then you can kind of, you know, justifiably – one, it sets the standard. But also you can justifiably say like, okay, if they start to yap, you can politely cut them off without coming across like very rude because they understand why. give one. don't You But The other thing is with fitness people, probably more so in females than males, there are definitely some males that will do it. They do like to trauma dump and they like to sort of tell you that whole life story. You've got to be real cautious of that because, so for example, I was reviewing a call yesterday where the first question she asked, the guy just started telling the entire life story. You need to cut them off there and you politely just say like, oh, like I really love that you're, you know, so enthusiastic about this and I really do want to get into each one of these things that you've done and you're experiencing. Right now, I'm just trying to get a surface level of where you're at just so you don't have to sort of like repeat yourself when I do eventually come to those questions. So it's like you've got to intersect yourself. Otherwise, that would just continue going on tangents. So what I would do is like when you ask the question.
Shone Koo: Oh, you just, you just cut out there. I think you're back now.
Kyle Musca: I got that. So what I would do is like, if you ask a question. And they start rambling off on something that's not relevant to the question, even though it's useful, you've just got to kind of bring them back in line. Otherwise, it doesn't matter if the script is only 20 or 30 minutes, like you'll still get those people that want to talk for like an hour. And the problem with that is like, but usually, like, if you let them do that, you get to the end of the call and they've kind of like gotten out of their emotional state, even, you know, because they feel like they've just had a big therapy session. They feel better about it. Then they, those are usually people that don't get across the line. So it's like weird because you feel like, oh, I've spent more time with this person. You know, they're more likely to convert. Not necessarily the case. Again, you're not there to, like, you want to be likable and obviously everything like that, but you're not there to be their friend at the same time.
Shone Koo: Yeah. Okay. I hear that. That's kind of what I was, what I took back from my call yesterday was by the end of it, I think she was almost like she had given so much to the call that there wasn't. Anything left to, there wasn't that urgency because she felt like she had dumped everything.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, anyway, interesting that you bring that up. Yeah, just because that's a common thing I see all the time, especially coming into the – have you had previous experience in a fitness sales role?
Shone Koo: No, I haven't. I mean, I've been in the industry for over 10 years, but not specifically for a high-ticket offer.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's a very emotional sale, and you'll get people on there that are, I guess, in a way, very emotional, like whether it be surface level or deeper. And you've got to – again, you've got to keep control of the conversation. And that's why I said you've got to, like, continue moving it forward. So what I mean by this is, like, if you think of, like, the script essentially is a straight line. If they start going off on other tangents, you're really diverting from that line. And then, you know, if it just continues fizzling out, then 45 minutes will go by and you know we're near the close. So it's like if you start to see them straying off the line, you've just got to intersect and pull them back on.
Shone Koo: Yeah, absolutely. Does that ever – do you find that ever find ever – Do Seems insensitive, or do they respond badly to that, or is it usually good?
Kyle Musca: This just comes down to tonality, you know what mean? If they're going on a tangent, and you're like, oh, yeah, that's cool, but I'm just trying to figure this out, they're to be like, well,  you. But if you're like, oh, I love that you're so enthusiastic, and I love you're so open and vulnerable about this, I really do want to get into the root of what you're sort of struggling with. Right now, I'm just trying to understand, like, where you're at, so I can form a bit of, like, a mental roadmap of where we need to be. So we will definitely come back to that, and I do want to get into it, but I guess, like, just to bring it back to the current situation, is carrying the extra weight, is that itself specifically having an impact on you?
Shone Koo: Okay, I hear you.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you feel rude a little bit doing it, but just do it in a nice, nice tonality way, where you're, you like, a caring, empathetic way.
Shone Koo: Like, it's all to help them anyway, and just have that in mind.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and if you need to, just be like, you know, I really don't want to. You know, get to the end and I kind of have to rush through this because, again, just set that standard at the start.
Shone Koo: only have 45 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Tommy will be really good for this. He'll run you through this specifically because he gets through like he has his call slots as half an hour, so he gets through them very quick. Now, in terms of the offers, the price points on Bree and I's offer is very, very similar in the durations and everything like that. The biggest thing that's probably different is, one, I'm not running a retreat at the moment, so she might have told you about the retreat. I don't have a retreat. I am running a challenge at the moment. So for the US, it's a summer shred challenge because their summer is in about three months. For Australia, it's a six-months-to-shredded challenge. In terms of what's included, it's the exact same as a normal program. It's just sort of gift-wrapped in a challenge, and there's $10,000 worth of prizes and officially. Technically starts May 10th, okay? Yeah. Other than that, there's not too much dissimilarity between the challenge and the program.
Shone Koo: Can you go into that a little bit more just so I have a super clear vision of exactly what it is? Do you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the best thing for that, it's the way I like to run challenges is literally just think of it as a gift wrap offer to bring in leads. But other than that, the program is exactly the same. It hasn't changed. So if you want to see the videos and everything like that on the challenge, I'll send that through to you now just so you can review them.
Shone Koo: Thank you. The clearer idea I have of it, the better I will be as a closer for your offer. And also just seeing these ads, I'll know what they've seen. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. To be honest, like most people, once you get into the script and stuff, they kind of forget about the challenge. There are people that are asking about the prize. So there's $10,000 in prizes total. And the grand prize is a all expenses paid holiday to Thailand. But other than that, people like if you get into the script and stuff, I find this is the other thing as well. If people are going off and especially after you drop the prize or, you know, you're in the closing section and they're going off on tangents and asking these types of questions or like what's in the program, how do you track it, yada, yada, yada. That's typically a big red flag that they're trying to pivot out of the conversation and get off the call.
Shone Koo: Okay.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Shone Koo: Yeah. We, yeah, it depends on the reason why, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Cause usually, cause I've done heaps and heaps of these calls. Usually again, we're not trying to sell the custom training program. We're not trying to sell the custom meal plan and stuff. Those are the features we're trying to sell the benefits, the dream outcomes, what's, it's going I do for their confidence, their relationship, their mindset, their motive, you know, all that type of thing. That's what the script does really well. If they are coming back to features of the program, it's a red flag that they're just trying to avoid making a decision.
Shone Koo: Okay. I mean, do you think it is important that I can answer those questions clearly? So I seem like, you know, I have a frame.
Kyle Musca: Absolutely. So what I can do here is, so I'll show it to you on this as well. Um, so this is the link I sent you. So let's say client signs or they agree to move forward. Right. You just come into that link and then I got to get your email.
Shone Koo: This is, um, the macroactive link.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is my one. Um, yeah. So, so let's say. So a client said, someone said, yes, cool, let's move forward with that. What you would do is you'd click on that link, you'd fill out these details like I've just done for you, right? Submit that. What that's just done is that's, one, activated your account in Stripe, but two, it's just sent you an email activation. But this is client, sorry, or is this, I'm sorry, I'm a bit confused. Yeah, so this is, you're on a call, someone said, I'm keen to move forward with that package. So you fill out, cool, right? I just need a few more details for you, and then I'll have everything I need. So you fill that out, you manually fill that out for them, which sends them the account.
Shone Koo: Their information, and it sends them an activation email.
Kyle Musca: Yes, so the reason we do that is because one, I need to activate their account before I do any work on it, otherwise I can't do anything, or the coaches can't do anything. The second reason is, it only takes them about a minute or two, which is going to give you time to come in here and create an invoice. So again, this is your profile now, it's created that. Come down, create an invoice to get that payment method on file. Do you know how to do this stuff?
Shone Koo: I haven't done that before. Do you have a video on it or otherwise I can just...
Kyle Musca: I'll send you this recording after, but I'll show you. It literally takes two seconds to do. So come into the profile, come down to invoices, press that little plus. You can do AUD, USD. I probably do AUD just to avoid confusion. Just be careful with that because sometimes, you know, if you said it's 2,000 AUD and you charge them USD, they're going to be quite pissed off about that. So just double check that. Then you can type in deposit. So you've got gold, emerald, silver, depending on what package. And then, you know, let's say they check here because these are the most common ones. But if you do need to add a unique price, then you just add new, type that in, whatever you want it to be. That's fine. not going to do that right now just because it does add it. Let's say they want to do $500. Cool. I turn that off, but I don't think that actually matters. Save. If that's like that, where it says no address added to collect tax, just turn it off.
Shone Koo: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Due today. All right. What that's going to do is review. Cool. $500. Fantastic. Finalize and send. And then that's going to take you through to this screen where all you need to do is copy the link and send it to them.
Shone Koo: Okay. So first I get them to, well, I put in their details. They activate their account.
Kyle Musca: I then make the invoice and then send them the payment link once the invoices. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But you get them to do the app sign up first. So they take a, an initial step into the program without having to do payment just yet. So it's like a little, it's another micro commitment to actually moving forward. It also gives you obviously. Time to create the invoice. But it's like, if you, they agree to move forward and you just send them a payment link straight away, people can get really high anxiety and you'll, you know, sometimes they'll hang up and stuff like that. Whereas if you get them to do this first, they take like a little actionable step into the program, makes them feel a little bit more at ease. And then it's like, cool. Last thing I need to do is just get that deposit covered. So I just sent you a payment link. Yeah.
Shone Koo: So first, so sorry, I just want to make sure it's, it might sound really redundant, but I just want to make sure it's super clear on my end. So I'll, I set up that activation email and then right after that, I basically get them set up on the platform, which is macroactive, correct? That's where they will have their profile.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but you don't need to do the, the biggest thing on the call is collect payment. Everything else you can do after the call. So you can set them up on macro and assign them to coaches, do all the notes after. So, so, so right now the best way Explain this. So yeah, the reason I filled it out is because you would have got an email activation. What I would do for you is I would go through to that email activation. I actually used your, anyway, fill that out, go through onboarding questions. I would highly recommend screen recording it so you can come back to it and review it just so you can remember the questions it asks. Because what I do here is like, cool, I need a few final pieces of information from you. I sent you an account activation email that come through. Yes. Cool. If you want to power through that, just the first couple of questions can be height, the age, the weight, and everything. Then there's going to be a body fat percentage question. Let me know when you get to that question. So I'm just asking some questions here. I don't really need to know these questions, but I'm asking these questions so they fill it out. Because sometimes you will get to the payment or they agree to move forward, but then like, I need to run back to work if you send the payment link, right? So it's like, again, we get this first step of action done. So they get into the program. It's unlikely that though. Now turn around and like, I need to run back to work. Even if they do, as you see here, this will literally take them literally probably five seconds to fill out. See, it's already got my payment details there.
Shone Koo: All I need to is pay. Okay. Sorry. So the type form has, it's basically their onboarding form and they, so I'm a bit confused. I thought I fill that out for them or do I send them that link and they fill it out for themselves? And that's sort of that first process to make them that ease that they're actually onboarding to the program.
Kyle Musca: Is that correct? Yeah. So you, you, as the closer fill out the, the type form, just like I filled it out.
Shone Koo: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, what that does is then it does two things for them. One creates the Stripe account. So you can create the invoice and two, it sends them an account activation for the macro app, the EMP app.
Shone Koo: Okay. I got it. And so as I'm creating the invoice, they're filling in out that, that other form, which makes. It them feel like they're onboarding onto the program. And once we have a little chat about that, I send them then the payment link.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's the final thing just to wrap up. Yeah. So if you check your emails right now, you should have an email from Elite Mail Performance.
Shone Koo: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Delete your subscription. Okay. Yeah. So the only thing for you is it might not let you do it because you're already in the system as a team member.
Shone Koo: Oh, I see. Okay, great. Awesome. Yeah, I like that. But I like that method because it is sort of a soft close.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just because, again, people will – this is the other really important thing to remember is that after you drop the price, people will lie to you. People, you know, never trust their lie. They'll say, I've got to get back to work. I'm driving right now. I don't have my credit card on me. X, Y, Z as to why they can get off the phone now and pay later. If they they – If off the phone, they will not pay. Just keep that in mind, no matter what they say. It doesn't matter how excited they sound. It doesn't matter if they say they absolutely need this, otherwise they're going to die. They will not pay because they'll just talk themselves out of it and it will just fizzle out.
Shone Koo: Okay. So from there, let's say they say, I need to think about it. need time to think about it. It's really, it either comes down to mindset or logistics, right? And you say if it's a price objection, it's almost always that's the real objection. It's not about, I don't know, trust in the program and that sort of thing. Is that correct?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the three main objections you'll get is, yeah, I can't afford it.
Shone Koo: I need to think about it. Sorry.
Kyle Musca: I need to think about it or I need to ask my partner or expenses. Now, it's really, really important to remember that I need to think about it and I need to ask my partner or smoke screen objections. You can't actually solve those objections because they're not. The solvable, like, what do you need to think about? What do you need to ask your partner about? Whatever that is, is the real objection.
Shone Koo: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? Now, especially with I need to think about it and I need to ask my partner, if you just go straight into objection handling, then they're going to have their guard right up and it doesn't matter what you say. They're just going to get real defensive and, like, they're expecting it, right? So what we do is we basically just agree with them for the first part. Yeah, cool. No stress at all. How long do you need to think about it? But they'll say, like, a day, you know, maybe a few days, whatever. Sometimes I like to say, like, are sure? Is that enough time? Like, you don't want to push this off, like, another week or something? In a real non-sort of dickish way, but, like, also making it not clear, but, like, putting it into their mind, like, do you want to keep pushing this off?
Shone Koo: No, I really like the script. I really like the objection handling because it doesn't feel salesy at all. And I think that's what I struggled with in my call yesterday was I think my immediate... Uh, approach to sort of roll the objections came off a little pushy, especially for that personality type, because they are overwhelmed, you know, they have that personality type of just pushing things off if they're feeling overwhelmed, and that's exactly who I was dealing with yesterday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so there's a couple, again, this is, um, so with the objection on the script, you'll get different objections that this script might not handle, so this is literally how, like, I just took a transcript of my objection handling and put the into this, that, that's what this is. Um, so it's, like, people that say, I need to feel, I feel overwhelmed, again, you need to, that's, like, a mindset, it's a fear thing.
Shone Koo: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The best objection for that is, like, basically getting them to realize that the decisions that made up to this point has led them to the position they're in, which is why they're unhappy. Are they going to let that decision-making process continue dictating the direction their life is heading in? Yeah. Which is obviously no. Um, so, therefore, the decision-making process that you typically do, Needs to change in order for the result to be different.
Shone Koo: Yeah, I actually did give that angle yesterday. I'm just curious what, sorry, because they are such similar.
Kyle Musca: Is it okay that I'm using this example? I'm just curious to hear what you're. Yeah, definitely.
Shone Koo: Because they are very similar. Yeah, I did give her that angle and it was like, it wasn't well received. Well, I wouldn't say it wasn't well received. She said, yeah, I agree with that, but I just need more time. I really am just feeling a little overwhelmed. And the more I kind of tried to reframe, it wasn't really working and almost putting her off, almost like completely, do you know what I'm saying?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Yeah, so that's where you'll see with these, there's objection cycles. So what we want to do through these objection cycles is we want to start off really passively. We want to start off real low pressure. And basically, the way I think of this is like, off. Thanks, Thank Look, from everything you've told me, you know, it sounds like you want to do the program. So, you know, if that's what you want to do, then I'd love to help see you do it. But like, look, if we can't make it work for whatever reason, that's life sometimes, you know, it's no stress at all. All right. So it's just real passive. You just can finish off that. And then as you go through the cycles, you get more and more direct to the point where if you're on your fourth or fifth cycle, which, you know, probably takes you a good 15, 20 minutes to get to and starting to get a bit mundane. You need to, like, kind of lay all your cards out on the table. It's like, you know, Rachel, what do you need to do right now so that when you go to bed tonight, you know that you've put yourself in the best possible position. So when you wake up in six months' time, instead of feeling disgusted, like you said you're currently feeling, you're actually proud of not only the body you've built, but the work that you've put in there and the woman that you've become along the way, right? What decision do you need to make right now to make sure that that is a reality?
Shone Koo: Yeah, I did do that with her yesterday. And it did not go well.
Kyle Musca: That's okay.
Shone Koo: I think she's just one of those people that like, and I'm just curious to have this, because my sister is like this, with these kind of people, if they at any point feel too pressured or uncomfortable, they just shut down completely. Anything you say after that, they trust you less and less. So it almost like, it felt like the follow-up call was the only way forward, and I'm almost worried that I broke that trust by not respecting when she asked that from the very beginning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So a couple of things on that. One is in sales, you can never make a statement. You have to only ask questions that lead them to making the statement themselves. And the reason for that is what you said, because if you say it, it could be a lie, which means it most likely is a lie from their perceived perspective. But if they say it, then it must be the truth.
Shone Koo: Right.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. So it's like, and the way, so again, it depends on what this is, but. The other thing to remember here is if they get off the call, it's like 99% chance you'll never hear from them again. I would rather you push them to the point where they're pissed off than, you know, coming back on another, like doing a BAMFAM and getting back on another call. Because again, the people you're dealing with very much lack accountability and very much lack making the right decision, even though they know they need to make the decision. It's fitness. Otherwise, they wouldn't need a coach if they had those mindsets and those, I guess, characteristics, if that makes sense. So that's not to say be pushy or anything by any means. The way to diffuse pressure in these situations is by always giving them an out, which is what you'll see here, right? So it's like you always just give them an out. So it's like, before we move any further, I just want to make sure, like, is the program something you actually want to do? Because if it's not, just let me know. We can just wrap things up right now.
Shone Koo: Yeah, I actually said exactly that. And she was like, no, I really want to do it. I just, I am the kind of person that I just need, I need a moment to process it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's absolutely fine. Look, at the end of the day, like, if you know that you want to do this program, from everything you've told me, it really does seem like you do want to do that. And from everything you've said, I know we're more than confident, because I speak to women just like yourself every single day. And, like, literally every single day, I hear women tell me that it was the best decision they've ever made. So, in a way, I almost feel obligated to sort of help you make the best decision that you feel like is going to be right for you.
Shone Koo: Yeah, said all that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just so on the same page, like, what do you feel like, you know, giving yourself extra time, what do you feel like that's actually going to change or do for you?
Shone Koo: Yeah, I asked that, and then she said, yeah. I mean, this is something I definitely want to do. It's going to change how I look at food. I'll stop binge eating, da, da, da. She's like, yeah, I really want to do this. My partner's doing something similar. So that's why. But she just kept – I think she was almost annoyed because it felt like – she's like, yeah, I told you I want to do this. Why are you still asking?
Kyle Musca: We can do a role play.
Shone Koo: try and remember what she said.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay.
Shone Koo: I'll pretend to be her because maybe it's hard to explain without telling. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So let's say, you know, package is $3,500 for six months. How does that sound?
Shone Koo: Yeah. Good. Do I have to make a decision right now? Because I just like to go back and think about it. And usually I'm the kind of girl that, you know, I do this all the time at work. By the way, these are exactly the words that she said. Maybe not in an exact order, but. Yeah. You know, at work, I always do this after meetings. I think, oh, I should have asked this question, this question, dah, dah, dah, dah. So yeah, I just want to have like a moment to think about it. And then can we talk about it? Can we do a follow-up call?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's absolutely no stress at all. guess. How long do you sort of feel like you'd need to sort of, you know, think about it?
Shone Koo: Maybe like a day or two.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. Like, are sure that's long enough? You don't want to sort of push back another like week or anything like that?
Shone Koo: I'm not sure what she would say, but she was like, yeah, tomorrow I'm really busy with work. She did say this.
Kyle Musca: And then she's like, yeah, Saturday would be good. I have time on the weekend. I have all day on the weekend. Okay. Yeah. Awesome. And I guess that sounds stressful. And I guess like you'll probably have a couple of questions for me after you have a bit of time to think about it. I guess, what was it specifically that you wanted to run over in your mind?
Shone Koo: She said exactly this. Honestly, I don't know. I'm just feeling a little like I can't think of it on the spot right now. And that's exactly why I need to just go back and like... Process it. That's just kind of how I am. Yeah, I really want to, because I do have questions, but I just need to think about it. Think about what questions I need to ask.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, 100%. And I guess like when you, I guess give it a little bit of like a surface level thought right now, like what's the, what's the first sort of question or concern that sort of does come to your mind?
Shone Koo: She was like, I need to think about it. I can't answer that. Like I actually pushed her on that. And she was like, why are you still asking me what questions I told you I need to think about it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, you know, at the end of the day, I like, I'm just here to sort of help you make the best decision, you know, possible for you. And I guess like when it comes to this, what I like to do is like on a scale of one to 10, right. With, you know, 10 being the program is absolutely perfect. It's everything that you were ever looking for. And you know that it's going to work for you. And one is like, I'm just a complete dickhead and I've missed the mark completely for what you were looking for. I guess like where are we sitting on that perspective?
Shone Koo: I asked her this and she said, yeah, probably like an eight or a nine. And I was like.
Kyle Musca: Wow. Okay. Eight's pretty high. guess, like, why isn't it lower?
Shone Koo: She would have been, well, what she did say was, yeah, because this has been a problem for a while.
Kyle Musca: You know, I'm just feeling like I really need that structure and that guidance. Like, I feel like this would be a great fit for me. Okay. Awesome. And I guess, like, what would you like to see in it to make it a 10?
Shone Koo: I didn't ask that. I'm not sure what she would say.
Kyle Musca: They usually say nothing or price or something like that. Okay. So I guess, like, from what you've said, you know, the program is something that you really want to do. It sounds like you've got a lot of confidence in it, which is exactly why we have that guarantee anyway. And I guess when it comes to these sort of situations, do you mind if I sort of challenge you on that perspective?
Shone Koo: I also did this, said something similar.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yeah. I've done hundreds of these calls, right? And my legitimate statistics is when someone says I need to think about it, 98% of the time when we got off the phone. We never speak again because what's naturally going to happen is you're going to jump off this call and, you know, it sounds like you really want to do this program. That little voice in your head is going to instantly start thinking all the reasons why you shouldn't do it. Why now is not a good time? What if X, Y, Z happens? What if the sun doesn't rise tomorrow, right? And my concern is if that happens, you'll go another two years without making a change. And you'll regret the decision to not do something when you had the opportunity to do so. Does that make sense?
Shone Koo: Yeah, I just, I, this is something I really want to do. I just, I just really want to think about the right questions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. And I guess what tends to happen in these situations is that little voice is already trying to tell you, like, what, what about if I'm not asking this and that and this. From what you've told me, the program is something that you want to do, you love it. So I guess if everything is aligned right now with what you've said. I guess, what is it that, you know, potentially might come up that would completely change the game for you to the point where you don't want to do this anymore?
Shone Koo: I didn't ask her that. I'm not sure what she would say. I think she was just, she kept going on about, I want the, I need my questions answered, but I don't know what questions to ask.
Kyle Musca: I totally get that. And look, I just want to be on the same page with you. I just want to confirm, is the program something that you actually do want to do? Because if it's not, you can just let me know. I won't take offense. And we can just wrap things up now. And that's absolutely fine.
Shone Koo: I asked her that and she said, no, yeah, I really feel like this would be something I want to do.
Kyle Musca: I feel like it's cool. Well, I guess that's, yeah, that's awesome. And look, at the end of the day, I just want to, I'm here to help you. And I want to make sure that you make the best decision for you today, whether that's to move forward or whether it's to just not do that and just go on about your life. Right? So if it's something you want to do, then I'd love to help you do it. Look. That's life sometimes right now. So, I mean, do you mind if I put on my coaching hat on for a second?
Shone Koo: Not sure what she would say, but yeah, sure.
Kyle Musca: Go for it. They usually say reluctantly yes. I'm going to say no. I mean, you mentioned that, you know, you've been trying this for the last two years. You've been trying to lose weight and it started to have a bit of an impact on your life. And you mentioned that one of the biggest things that you do sort of struggle with is the consistency and sort of keeping yourself accountable. So, I guess I've got to ask, like, do you feel like that could potentially be what's happening here as you're trying to push off the decision to actually get started because you're sort of struggling with keeping yourself accountable in this moment? Do you feel like that's what could be happening?
Shone Koo: I sort of went that way with her, but she's like, no, I just want to think about more questions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. And I mean, if you see my perspective here is I do hundreds of these calls. What's happening right now is it seems like you're just holding yourself back. From getting started and justifying not getting started, which is indecision, which by the way is the biggest cause of failure, by justifying that you might have questions that may come up. But from what you've told me, you want to do this program, you love everything involved in this program, and I genuinely do want to see you see this program through because I know how much it's going to change your life. So, and what's happening here is we're very vague because we don't even know the questions that we want to ask, and you're letting that stop you from getting started. So, I guess, let's just put it all on the table, right? If you have questions, I'm more than happy to run over them with you. Otherwise, honestly, if we get off this call, I guarantee you we will not speak again, and you just have to accept that things aren't going to change, and your life is going to continue remaining the same. So, I guess out of those two options, getting started or just accepting, which one carries more risk to you? She, well, she kept pushing for, can we just have a follow-up call in two days? We can't do a follow-up call. Because I know as soon as you get off this call, that little voice is just going to tell you, no, X, Y, Z, it's not a good time. What if this happens? I mean, what if China drops a bomb on us tomorrow? I mean, there's always a reason why you shouldn't start today. I guess you only need one good reason to actually get started. What is that good reason for you?
Shone Koo: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: See, how I'm getting more direct here is can we have a follow-up call? No, we can't do that. When people ask me, like, can you send me, you know, features and breakdowns of what's included? I say, no, I don't do that.
Shone Koo: Yeah, so I just want to give you some, because I did actually respond to that in that way. So I'm just curious what your feedback is on that. Is that okay?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Because, again, you're not there to, if they're just really not budging, because we went through a few objection cycles there. Yeah. Right? If they're just not budging, you have to lay your cards out on the table. You can't leave it open-ended. It's just, you can either make a decision now, or I know for a fact we're not going to be speaking again, and you have to accept if that is the case, nothing is going to change.
Shone Koo: Yeah. So I basically said to her, listen, if it's questions that are your issue, why don't we just get you some kind of, we need to onboard you in some ways. Let's put the smallest deposit. We can completely refund it. You want more in-depth questions about the program. I'm not really, I can answer as much as I can, but I'm not the coach. So let's get you in a, in a conversation with the coach. You have that conversation. If you're still not a hundred percent sure, we refund you completely. And she was not happy. She was still like, no. And so I was like, okay, so from here, you have two options. Basically, you can get off this call. And then if you ever want to rebook, you're going to have to go through this same process again, but there's only, yeah, you have to basically have this call all over. Or you and I can have a follow-up call, but yeah, it would have to, yeah. I gave her those two options. And as soon as she heard the second one, she was like, oh, no, the follow-up call would be great. I'd rather talk to you.
Kyle Musca: See how what you did there is you gave her an option to, because it's indecision is what she's doing. She's just pushing off the accountability to make a decision. So you've given her out there and she's like, yes, I'll do that. I guarantee you, you can let me know, but I guarantee you won't jump on the phone with her on Saturday. Okay. Now, there's a couple of things here, right? One is vagueness kills sales. Vagueness kills sales. Because sometimes you'll ask like, you know, well, how are going to do that? And they're like, don't know, I'll just figure it out. If you don't get past that and you just move on, you're done. Because it's like, now just in their mind, I don't know, I'll figure it out. So let's say address that. If you've tried objection handling a bit, address the problem specifically. It's like, I guess. know, it seems like, you know, you're very set on, you know, not making a decision right now because, you know, some questions might come up. I guess, so I just want to directly ask you, what are you so afraid of?
Shone Koo: I did kind of go that route and it did not work.
Kyle Musca: She was almost offended. Yeah, she might be offended because it's an uncomfortable situation. I'm just trying to help you here because, like, again, with this coaching, there is going to be a mindset shift that needs to happen and you can take offense to it and that's up to you. To me, that kind of does say you're a little bit not coachable because I'm trying to genuinely help you here.
Shone Koo: Me? Me personally?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely.
Shone Koo: Oh, sorry. I thought we were doing a role play.
Kyle Musca: Oh, we are doing – no, no, no, no, you. No, I'm talking about a role play, yeah. I thought you meant, like, we're in role play, not you personally.
Shone Koo: Wait, sorry. I'm sorry I'm confused.
Kyle Musca: Just what you said now, is that to me directly or as if she – No, to her, not to you. Yeah, but it's like, what are you so afraid of? I wouldn't say it like that, but, like, what do you say?
Shone Koo: Again, tonality matters massively.
Kyle Musca: Because everyone said, what are you so afraid of? It's different to like, what are you so afraid of?
Shone Koo: So you've got to be a bit challenging at that point, basically.
Kyle Musca: A hundred percent. If you've objection cycled and nothing's working, you've got to be direct. What are you so afraid of?
Shone Koo: Because there's nothing to lose at that point, I guess.
Kyle Musca: No, nothing to lose. I mean, what are you so afraid of? I just don't know. Well, look, you know, I always use Rachel as a, like, whatever. I just say Rachel, right? Rachel, I guess, like, can you see how you're just, and I don't mean to come across rude or step over the line because I genuinely do want to help you, but can you see how you're trying to justify to yourself why you shouldn't make a decision right now? Because a question that you don't even know of might come up. Can you see how that is stopping you from taking action today to work towards becoming the woman that you know that you want to be?
Shone Koo: Because I thought the option of giving her... Hey, if it's really questions, then you can speak to Bree directly or Kat. They will answer your questions. As soon as I gave her that, I thought, okay, she's going to be so in, and that wasn't the issue. So I think you're right. Like, well, you obviously are more of an expert than me, but yeah, it was like, how is that not then answering your, that's really your question?
Kyle Musca: It's fear and it's indecision. Okay. It's indecision will kill calls, indecision. And because again, in their mind, they don't even, they're not even conscious that this is happening. Cause this is just their general decision-making process, which is why they're in the problem that they're in. So it's like, they're justifying not making a decision right now, which is indecision. So they can get off the call and then go on about their life. And it's a lot easier because it's not, again, you said to her, she felt looked uncomfortable and everything because you're starting to force her to start thinking about things that she usually pushes off of herself. And you can bring that up if you're, if you're an objection, I wouldn't bring it up to start, but if you're into deeper. Objection cycle. it's like, can you see how, it seems like this is a little bit of an uncomfortable situation for you.
Shone Koo: Like, is that, are you feeling like a little bit uncomfortable at the moment? Like call it out, like just really lay the cards on the table.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, I'm glad that is. And again, I don't really want to come across, you know, an overstep here and come across as rude, but can you see how this is the exact problem that you've been dealing with? And that's why nothing has changed. So I guess if things need to change, then that basically means that your decision-making process needs to change. So I guess, you know, Rachel, we've got two real options here. One is you can have the courage to take that step and I promise you will be the best thing that you ever do. Or you can just accept that things aren't going to change and your life is not going to get any different and it's probably going to only get worse as time goes on. So I guess, which decision are you going to make?
Shone Koo: I'm very curious how she would react to that because she almost looked like she was getting quite triggered, almost like she was having a slight, on the edge of potentially a panic attack or something.
Kyle Musca: She's just like, I'm just so overwhelmed. Yeah, I mean, it wouldn't be a life-changing decision if you didn't feel overwhelmed, right? I guess that's how you know it's an impactful decision. So I guess are you going to step up to the plate and, you know, play ball or are you going to sit on the sidelines and watch all these other girls that are coming through the program change their life? How much more proof do you need to see until, you know, you finally see yourself up on one of those transformations?
Shone Koo: What if she doubled down and just said, no, I really want to do this. I just, I actually feel like you're not listening to me.
Kyle Musca: I really just want to have the right questions. I'm all ears for you. If you have questions, ask me, but if you don't have questions, I don't know them right now.
Shone Koo: That's kind of what she said.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. So it's like, if you don't even know the questions you want to ask, how am I not listening?
Shone Koo: And then she would probably say, I don't think you're not listening. It's just that you keep pushing me to make a decision on this call, but I...
Kyle Musca: Absolutely. Because if you don't make a decision right now, nothing's going to change. I'm trying to help you. If you don't want to do this program, you just let me know. It's your life. I really do want to help you, but it is your life. And at the end of the day, like once we get off this call, if you don't make a decision, I'm going to go on about my life. If you want to make a change, I want to help you. But if you aren't willing to, you know, change the way you go about making decisions, I can't help you. And you've got to accept that things are just going to be the same.
Shone Koo: And what if she gets offended and she says, well, listen, it's either a follow-up call or this isn't right for me.
Kyle Musca: And I don't like... no stress at all. Then maybe you're right. It's probably not the right fit for you. Because again, one thing that we really value in the community is having like-minded women that are willing to work towards become the best version of themselves. If you... you aren't ready to make that decision, and I don't mean to come across the root here, then I don't think you're going to be a good fit for that community.
Shone Koo: Gotcha. Cool, cool. Yeah, because it's also us.
Kyle Musca: up, you know, man. Like, just if you get off the call and you don't have any – like, I wouldn't even bother. I don't book follow-up calls. Like, I'm not doing that. Sometimes you just need to learn it the hard way and by doing it reps. But, like, you will book a BAMFAM call, book a meeting from a meeting. They will not show up. Oh, I thought about it. I can't afford it right now. It's not a good time. Work's too busy. Or they'll just ghost you.
Shone Koo: know what mean?
Kyle Musca: You know mean?
Shone Koo: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you just remain from the angle of empathetic tonality and it's, trying to help you if you want to be helped, then if they see that as too salesy and too pushy, they're just not coachable.
Shone Koo: Because we are also qualifying them. I mean, that's also part of it, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, like, it depends. You know, there's a different – if it's a fear-based objection like it is there. Yeah. And they just aren't willing to move forward and you've, you know, objection handled well. Because objection handling isn't just trying to push someone across the line and make a sale, right? Objection handling is, especially in fitness, it's breaking beliefs that they have. So it's like I would almost think of objection handling as a hybrid of coaching and sales. Because what we're trying to do is break beliefs. We're not trying to sell someone something that they don't want to need. If they're at that point and you know they need it, then you should be obligated to get them across the line because you know that they just don't make good decisions for themselves.
Shone Koo: Thank you so much. This is really great insight. I appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Just because it will, like, save you so much time and heartache of, like, they'll lie to you. They'll tell you all these crazy things. You'll be like, they're so committed. They're so keen to change, yada, yada, yada. But, like, you'll just never hear from them. You'll just end up wasting your time. I would rather see you just basically, like, again, not at the start, but, like, if you're fourth, fifth, sixth objection cycle through. You'll I would rather you tell them, we're not having a follow-up meeting. We can make a decision now. The other thing here is massive on scarcity. So like, again, I don't know how much Bree sort of ran you through this, but that's the wrong one.
Shone Koo: Can I also say, look, it's just our company policy that we don't do follow-up calls.
Kyle Musca: It's just that simple. I would just say that 98% of the time when girls get off this call, my actual statistics, we never speak again, because that little voice in your head is going to justify to you why now's not a good time and talk you out of it. So from that alone, I just don't do follow-up calls.
Shone Koo: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Now you'll see here with every single package I do, does Bree have, Bree would have the different packages like this?
Shone Koo: She has Emerald and Platinum as well. Yeah. But I don't know if they're the same.
Kyle Musca: So Platinum is just my anchor one. We're not trying to sell this. We're just trying to get their jaw to drop, right? We're just trying to get that shock factor into them. Emerald is my high ticket one.
Shone Koo: So it's like an anchoring...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I'll do is I'll share this script for you. Tommy's script might be different, but this is how I word for word my clothes. And that's how I probably recommend you do it. Because it does work really. There's a lot of biopsychology that goes into it.
Shone Koo: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So from basically here, but yeah. So we price anchor, we're not trying to sell this and then we build trust. We don't even offer it to It's going to be overkill for you or we'll just move on. Well, I only sell this if I'm, you know, somewhat confident that they'll be able to afford this because this is like 5,000 for three months or 5K, depending on what you're trying to do. Right. And this also does run through features, by the way, and everything involved for that package specifically. Now you'll notice with every single one is one spot left. There's two spots left wherever it is in this. Now, after you say the package you're trying to actually, you know, pitch. We always say guarantee, right? So it's like, this is my platinum, this is my gold package. Obviously, I back everything I do. So if you sign up, follow the plan, don't achieve results you're stoked with, then I'll only give you a full refund. I'll also swing you $500 cash away for wasting your time. And then once I do that, it's like, cool. So I guess with all that being said, which options sort of jumped out to you the most there? Now, you'll notice I say which option, not does an option. Because does an option is yes, no. Which option is A, B?
Shone Koo: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So they'll usually go, oh, gold sounds better. Okay, cool. Do you want to run with that? Now, so there's two spots. Sorry, one spot, one spot, two spots for the gold, which is my core package, which is Bree's core package as well. think that's maybe platinum animals or something. And then you'll see the downsell option. There's no spots available for this one. What I can do, I do have a silver package, which is technically full, but I think I have someone finishing mid. The end of next week, I'd have to double check, but I could slowly have to take that. Still very comprehensive, it comes with yada, yada, yada. We were look at that, it'd bring it from $3,500 all the way down to just $2,500. And of course, we still work with that billing company, so we can break it down into, this makes it really easy because we just go on weekly repayments. So it's just $95 a week or something, whatever the repayment comes in to be. All right. Is that a little bit more realistic for you? Oh, yeah, I just want to make sure I have some time to run over some questions. That's absolutely fine. By all means, go for it. Just to be fully transparent with you. Again, there's not even technically a spot open for this, and I do have like six more calls booked for today and tomorrow. So what tends to happen is I'll get on one of these calls, and a conversation like this will happen where it's just purely finances that's holding you back, and they'll just jump on that straight away. So to be honest with you, there hasn't technically been a spot for silver package for like the last two months or something like that. So by all means, you can, you know, sort of run those questions. It's over in your mind, but just being honest with you, I can guarantee this spot, the silver package won't be an option when you come back.
Shone Koo: Okay. So we give them three options, basically. Well, not three options. The silver technically is not available, but we describe we have three packages and we're really trying to get them to commit to the middle package.
Kyle Musca: Platinum, I think it was, or sorry, Emerald? For me, it's gold. If you're confident in them and you're confident in the sales progress, you can process, you can definitely pitch Emerald for me. Now, the biggest thing here is you have to work this in, and I've got the payment structure sheet, which I'll also send you. You have to work this in with the objection cycles. So I'll come back to that. So, for example, you never, never, ever, ever offer, like, you know, the Emerald is 5K for three months, but we also do payment plans. You never offer them the same time because they always choose the payment plan. And when we talk about payment plans and pricing breakdowns and we drop packages, we're using those to get through. So basically the way objection handling works is we're trying to work towards a solution that works for everyone. So if we lay all our cards out on the table by saying we have emerald, we have gold, we have silver, and then we can also do payment plans, we have no wiggle room to move at all. We say we have the emerald here, it's 5K for six months, how does that sound? Oh, it's really expensive. Okay, no stress at all. And you never drop into a payment plan or drop package without first objection handling, even slyly. Yeah. Like even if you just do a little bit, because if you say emerald and then they say it's too expensive, oh, well, we also have a gold.
Shone Koo: They're to be like, well, why didn't you offer that to me beforehand? Yeah. So like with Breeze, for example, the way she does it is offer two options. And that's kind of what I did on the call yesterday. I didn't even go into payment plans because I first wanted to first identify if price was even the. Objection, which I tried to ask, okay, so like you need more time to think about it. Usually that's down to logistics. Like, is it the price or is it more, you just feel like this isn't the right fit for you? She said, neither. I just want time to think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So with that, we never want to assume what the objection is because that can cause offense, which is why I asked like, what was it specifically you want to run over your mind? Because then that will usually say, you know, price or something like that. From what you've told me about hair, was purely fear. Yeah. So if you bring up price and it's like, that wasn't even the objection, maybe, and she might justify it by being that, but it wasn't the actual objection. So what I do for you just getting started in my offer as well, I would probably do, you offer two packages first. So one is the platinum and one is the gold. So I wouldn't even worry about emerald right now. So you do emerald gold guarantee, which ones have, with all that being said. Which one of those sort of jumped out to you the most? Oh, think the goal, but I just need to think about it. There's no stress, you know, what did you want to run over your mind? Yada, yada, yada. Oh, okay.
Shone Koo: So it sounds like you do want to do the program. It's just price that's sort of holding you back.
Kyle Musca: Gotcha, gotcha. That makes sense. In that case, you know, I'd love to sort of help you out. I do actually work with a billing company that sort of helps it break it down. It's kind of like Afterpay, right? Would that make it a little bit more reasonable for you? Now, the reason we call it a billing company is because the billing company is the bad guy, and they have their own set policies, right? Which means that we can't, we have to abide by those policies. We can't just do X, Y, Z because it, you know, works a little bit nicer to them. So what I do is I don't show them the screen, obviously, but like, cool, yeah. I ask, would it make it a little bit more reasonable for you?
Shone Koo: Because I'm trying to extract a yes from them here. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. Because obviously, if break it down, it would make it more reasonable. Cool. So yeah, let me just pull up what they have. Again, I wouldn't show them this, but I do actually make it, like, I do actually look, so it looks like I'm looking, right? Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. I If we were to look at the gold six, yeah, cool. So look, what we could do is instead of 3,500 today, so you'll notice how I say 3,500, 1,000 is a bigger number, right? Whereas what I'll say here is, so instead of 3,500 today, what we could do is we could bring that right down to 1,500. you'd be saving 2,000 there. He's not saving 2,000, but it sounds nice to say saving 2,000, right? We could do, and then 1,500, so not 1,000. So whenever I'm trying to actually sell whatever I'm trying to sell, I'll use the smallest sounding figure. So 100 is less than 1,000 in terms of the word. So I'll say 3,500 versus 1,500.
Shone Koo: And so this is, we do this after we've determined the price is an objection.
Kyle Musca: Yes. Cool. So cool, 1,500. And then what would happen there is we wouldn't officially start till Monday. So the first repayment wouldn't be for essentially five weeks from now, so ages away. Yeah. Staying The reason I say that is I'm trying to create a gap between the $1,500 and then what that would be is just $400 a month. So it's super easy on cash flow because I'm trying to get them to focus on the $400 a month. That is the smallest figure in the equation makes it sound a lot more reasonable. That make it a little bit easier to get started for you? Yes. Trying to get a yes out of them? Cool. What did you want to run with that option? And then directly re-ask after that. You have to always directly re-ask. Really important. Closes will go through objections. And actually do the objection well. But then they won't directly re-ask and it ruins it. You have to directly re-ask and that's what closes the objection.
Shone Koo: So like you say, does that work for you?
Kyle Musca: Are you ready to go forward from here? Does that make it a little bit more reasonable for you? That's not the direct ask. That's just trying to get a first initial yes out of them and get them to agree it does. After they agree with that. Okay, cool. Did you want to run with that option? That's the direct ask.
Shone Koo: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: All right.
Shone Koo: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Maybe they say yada, yada, yada. Now this, now if you come to the sales, the objection script, this is where this works really, really well, right? Establishing whether it is fear-based or logistics-based. Okay. And just so I'm fully on the same page, is it a matter of like you actually have the funds available or you just want to make sure it fits with everything else going on? Like, you know, all that stuff. Oh, sorry. And you just want to make sure it fits with everything else going on? Or is it more that you don't physically have the funds and it's, you know, about a matter of like actually where you can find them? So this is a really important question because if they say they have the funds available, then we know that the sale is on the table, right?
Shone Koo: They have the funds to invest. So is that kind of similar then from kind of what I asked is, oh, is it either logistics or is it, is this program right for you?
Kyle Musca: No, because they've already, this is only if they've already established that the price is the problem.
Shone Koo: Gotcha. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. So we've already done, we've already offered this option here. As a repayment. Because what this works, this is why it works really, really well. Because if they're like, oh, no, I do actually have the funds available. I just need to make sure it fits with everything else. Oh, that makes sense. Look, what we could do in that case is instead of, and then again, we're trying to anchor this. So what we could do is instead we could do 500 a month. Again, that's going to be five weeks from now, so ages away. What that would allow us to do is instead of paying, instead of doing 1,500 now, we could bring that right down to a case. So you save $500 there, that would allow you to, you know, have the resources for everything else. Would that make it easier? Because if they said they have the funds for three and a half grand, or if they said 1,500, then they definitely have the funds to do okay.
Shone Koo: Okay. Sorry. Numbers are not my strong suit, so I'm just a little bit trying to grasp it clearly.
Kyle Musca: So what we're doing is we're taking this $500 and we're putting that into the repayment. So the repayments are higher. We don't say that to them, but the repayments are higher. So it's from $400 a month. So you'll see it's $100 a week here or $125. Don't say that. Always say it in like the largest time period. So it's like $400 a month, $500 a month, right? So not $125 a week. $500 a month sounds a lot better than $125 a week, right? But by doing $500 a month, that allows us to bring it from $1,500 as the deposit down to just a K. Does that all make sense?
Shone Koo: Does it make a huge difference? Because it's still the same either way, right?
Kyle Musca: It's the exact same, but they don't have to deposit as much. So it's easier on cash flow because they have five weeks to get the cash, you know, up to afford the repayments. But they don't, because if they have the physical funds for $1,500, but they just want to make sure it fits with bills and stuff, then we've brought it down by $500. So they still have the additional funds for bills.
Shone Koo: Okay, so it's just if they're really stuck in that, hey, it's cash flow. Okay, we'll make a little adjustment here. So it's $1,000 instead of $1,500. So you're not feeling... I it in that way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Shone Koo: It's not exactly, it's not where, it's not where we immediately go to. It's only if still the 1500 isn't just that little.
Kyle Musca: So we're working through it. You know what I mean? We're offering, again, we're working towards a solution, right?
Shone Koo: Okay. Do you find that you do that often or do you feel like most people are fine with the 1500?
Kyle Musca: Most people are fine with the 1500. I usually don't do the third layer. At the third layer, I'll probably drop a package.
Shone Koo: Okay. I hear you.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I do have to run, but yeah. Was that all good?
Shone Koo: Super helpful. Thank you so much for your time. And yeah, thank you for answering my redundant questions.
Kyle Musca: I appreciate it. That's all good. I'll send you the recording of this. And if you have any other questions, just let me know. Sounds good. Thank you. Awesome. Cheers. Bye.


>>> 191/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-01T05:00:11Z | id:142743867
People: Kyle Musca

Torin McGlynn: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: We're good?
Torin McGlynn: Let try switch. I think we're good. Can you hear me now? I can hear you now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sounds better. Yeah, perfect. Did you hear what I said there?
Torin McGlynn: Focus on the masterclass, do it with the videos, with the recipe ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'll say it again just so the Fathom thing gets it. Yeah, I reckon we don't overuse the direct response transformation ones. I reckon we do maybe one or two of them a week. That's going to get, you know, based on if the comment average stays the same as what it is, that's going to give us a couple hundred direct response replies, which is going to give us plenty as long as the setting process is dialed. Then what I reckon we do is the other ones we just focus on value giving. So you give them the recipe, get them in the conversation, in the DMs. Then what we do is at the end of that is like, oh, by the way, I've just filmed this fat loss masterclass. Asked on how you can lose six to eight kilos over the next 12 weeks without giving up your social life or whatever it is. Yeah, beautiful. Would you like that? That's going to get them to engage in long-form content with you, see you as the authority and really buy into your coaching philosophy. Also give them heaps of value because you give them recipes. They know he's a recipe guide. They can now see that you're an actual coaching authority in the back end. Yes, we might want to pick people up from that, but our main goal is to try and create the gap of why coaching is needed and then when that gap is created, they come to you as the authority.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Do you think we should do a pretty basic one as the first one, just like a flat loss one?
Kyle Musca: I reckon just a basic, you know, 20, 30-minute masterclass.
Torin McGlynn: Which is a flat loss one to begin with, like, I don't know, everything you need to know about fat loss. Something like that.
Kyle Musca: I usually like to do a how-to. Yeah, I usually like to do it. So it's the same as any other title. Like, how to X, Y, Z without pain point.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, okay. How to X.
Kyle Musca: Now, you might want to do... Is your audience still sort of the middle-aged women predominantly?
Torin McGlynn: It is. We're getting more male clients come in these days, to be honest, but still 30 to 60-year-old women.
Kyle Musca: So the issue there, we'd have to look into this, just because there's a lot of variance between 30-year-old women to 60-year-old women, right? Like, 50, 40, 50-year-old women, they're struggling with menopause, whereas, you know, 30-year-old women just want to look hot in a bikini, right? So it's like, we'd have to figure out how to... And that might be as simple as, like, just starting a conversation by being like, hey, I've also filmed a Fat Loss Masterclass. Would you like access to that? Yes, no. Perfect. I'll be on... And chat to you about which one's going to be the best for you.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I think that's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: We'll play around with it, but just we need the masterclass first. So who is your, I don't know if you have the actual stats and everything like this, but in terms of like middle-aged women are probably the main sort of leads you're getting. Do you know the percentages of those compared to men or even younger women?
Torin McGlynn: I can tell you my followers of that. I can go into my analytics if that helps.
Kyle Musca: It might a little bit. Yeah, I mean, it's worth it. won't tell us exactly what it means.
Torin McGlynn: We've got 30, 31%, 35 to 44. Pretty much just work. It's like that. I don't know if can see that. Literally, that's the 35. Yeah, okay, so 35 to 44 is in pain sort of audience. We also have 25 to 34 there as well. It's not bad either. Like it's kind of in between there. And then it's 74.7% women. So very heavy on the women's side.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. All right, well, I reckon we focus on winning.
Torin McGlynn: I can make two. Like, I'm happy to make two. The stuff with, the stuff, the Roblox I came to with the, Claude just gives me not the best information. Or you said about the prompts. Do I say do deep research on this and make a presentation? It just started making actually a PDF.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, yeah, you've got to be real careful of it. So, how I would do this is, did you create the project?
Torin McGlynn: No. I'm a newbie to this stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the project itself is really easy to create. All you need to do is just grab the documents, download them, and then the little download thing will be here, and you can just drag and drop them in.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, okay. I obviously just pay for this, so it's easier.
Kyle Musca: I don't know if you need, you probably need to, for the power and stuff. So, basically, how important work? Yeah, how Clawed works is it basically like the more you pay for, the more computing power it has and like the more stuff you can run through it, right? So it's like if you're trying to build these like proper presentations and everything, it probably runs out of usage pretty quickly. I use it for like, I use Clawed  heaps. So it's like I pay the premium feature of 200 bucks a month or whatever the  it is, right?
Torin McGlynn: Okay. When you say all the documents, do you mean all the ones you sent to me? The Presentation Builder Master Prompt, the 20 to 30 Masterclass Framework, the Mega Guide Masterclass that converts viewers and coaching clients, and the How to Build Presentation?
Kyle Musca: Yes, let's see how that's all in there. Yeah. See, the only one you wouldn't need in there is the Master Prompt because the Master, well, you've already got the Master Prompt. So what I would literally do here for you is I want you to write me a prompt to research everything. There is to note on how women in their 40s, 50s, can lose 6 to 8 kilos over the next 90 days. Love or crushing their hormones, want you to be as in-depth as possible. Nutrition, training, mindset, habits, and everything.
Torin McGlynn: It's anything. I'm completely lost there for a sec, but we're back.
Kyle Musca: Yes, I'm just writing the prompt anyway, so it wasn't the best.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, yeah. It was like this. Okay, you've definitely done this before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's awful. I would probably do even a little bit more, but just for the sake of the argument. But all you need to say is I want you to write me a prompt. Don't say to do deep research. Don't say build me a presentation or anything. The goal of this prompt is to copy it and put straight back into Claude so it can go deep research. Everything there is to know about this topic specifically. Cool.
Torin McGlynn: Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: This is why I get it to rewrite the prompt for me because it's like you're, you know, I could even copy this and give it to you if you want.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That sounds pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And so, and this is all the things that's going to go deep research in the hormonal landscape of women age, you know, perimenopausal and menopausal transitions, exact impact on composition, fat distribution, yada, yada, yada, metabolism and body composition specifics, nutrition strategy, fats, meal structure, training strategy, yada, yada, yada.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the other thing I would do in this as well, once that's writing, is in the presentation thing itself, in the presentation documents, where is it? What is
Torin McGlynn: We've got all the ones in our chat if you need it. Presentation builder.
Kyle Musca: I don't know if you, no. So what I do here is like for me, for example, might have to do one for you. But like for me, for example, I have these tonality documents, which, so these are mega guides based on this tonality. So if you talk about Kyle Fitness tonality.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, how do you do that? Cause they, yeah, that sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: So like, oh yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So it's like slice. Swagger and Slang, Aussie flavor, lightly applied, genuine empathy up front, seamless pivot to accountability.
Torin McGlynn: You know what mean? Two tonality documents. How do you, is there like a actual like thing for me to fill out for that?
Kyle Musca: Let me get back into your thing. Yeah, because I can create this for you.
Torin McGlynn: Because the tonality thing, if you send me that as like a form for me to fill out or something, you can put in my own is yeah.
Kyle Musca: fill out this form for me and shoot it back.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. That'll help us a lot of things actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So anytime I build a project, I pretty much, I don't add the form, but I add the tonality documents for it. Cause it's like any output you want, you kind of want it in your own words. Um, what we're doing back to this cool. And then this should be done now. Yeah, begin. So copy that into it, right? And then obviously for deep research, just need to obviously come turn on the actual research tab. If you just copy this and just say go, it's not going to do it properly. You have to turn on the deep research tab, the research tab. All make sense?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, I see that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I see it. I see it. Sorry, was a little bit lagging behind.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now you need to create the project before. Did I just do it in that one? Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: So you need to create the chat. Can with the documents in it?
Kyle Musca: Just create. So go into the project and then paste that prompt with obviously the documents will be in that as well. Because what you'll do is once you. You have the deep research in, then you basically go and you'll add the master, the presentation master prompt. And then you'll, so you'll add those two documents.
Torin McGlynn: Does that make sense? Yeah. And once I've done that, do I just copy it and paste it back in?
Kyle Musca: So what I would do is once you, once it writes it for you, it might write it as an artifact or it might, yeah, probably. I usually just copy everything that it does and then I put it into a Google doc and I just call it mega guides.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. Once, then, so like, let's say this is the mega guide on how women in their 40s and 50s can lose six day killers, right? I would copy that back in and I would copy the master prompt for the presentation in and that should be all you need to do and then press enter and it should write the presentation for you.
Torin McGlynn: In text, not in, it won't be creating a PDF for me.
Kyle Musca: No, it can create a PDF for you. So for example, I have a podcast one, right? This is why I really like Claude, right? So it's like, now you have to spend time doing these things properly.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, you showed me the podcast one last week, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, but it can, you don't need to, because it doesn't need to be this fancy, because you'll be sending it to like Lucky, for example, to put it into a thing, but it will build out all the different, you know, sections and everything you need, etc., etc., etc., etc.
Torin McGlynn: When you send it to Lucky, do you give him pictures as well, or does he kind of do it himself?
Kyle Musca: So two things on that, that's a good question. One is, I'd come to, go find someone that you like the look of their presentation. So, like, if you go to Mosey or even get a YouTube, Alfie Business, I think it is. I mean, if you find, like, a video where he's doing a presentation, maybe this one. Fitness, login. So, for example, you might, if you like the look of this, you might screenshot it and add it to Claude, or you might send it to Lucky. Oh, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: It's pretty basic and nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they don't need to be anything crazy. You know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: By any means. Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, you don't want anything too complicated and gimmicky. Usually complicated is, looks nice to someone who doesn't know what they look like, but this comes from a... Website, comes from a presentation, comes from whatever. Simplicity is what people want. They don't want  all this other distraction stuff.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, this one looks good. It's probably a good one to go for when it comes to my kind of style stuff.
Kyle Musca: You know, even if you come into here and you go into, let's say, advertise and, you know, whatever. Onboarding into.
Torin McGlynn: So it's like you might want to screenshot that, you know, man. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, for example, he seems to always have like a side-by-side here. Now, the other thing is like, especially for someone like Alex and Mosey and everything like that, these guys have the best of the best people to do this . So I think if they're doing it, it's probably worth doing. You know what mean? Oh, we good?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, we're good. We're good. Okay. I'll get to work on that. I'll get a presentation made. And then what do you think the ManyChat flow should look like? Have you got one?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so Bree's one's like this. It's pretty similar. Oh, the other thing is you can just obviously do the masterclass on its own. We'll run it organically, but again, it's pretty easy. Just once you've got all this up, if we wanted to run it as an ad, it's literally as easy as you're just running as an ad.
Torin McGlynn: Uh, putting up a graphic. how many of these you have? It's mad.
Kyle Musca: What is Bree? There we go. Um, but like, yeah, this is her Fat Loss Masterclass. Just so you see the actual physical thing as well, of what it, how powerful this is.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And we'll go on a Bree's account.
Torin McGlynn: Let's do a, let's do a Loom video as well. I remember you showing me the conversion. It was insane.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like if we go on the, her, there's a, she's having a cappy issue on this one. So just. Let's ignore this one. But for the lead magnet, like $3 per message and under $10 per actual qualified lead. And as you can see here, her qualified lead is working full-time.
Torin McGlynn: This is the exact same as mine, pretty much.
Kyle Musca: But also, she was getting a lot of Indians and stuff like that, so we just added an ethnicity one.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But to fire that cap, they have to be working full-time, and they have to be Australian or English-American, and then that is a qualified lead.
Torin McGlynn: All right, and what is the start of this from?
Kyle Musca: Pretty much the same. How much weight do you travel? This is obviously an ad one, is it? Yeah. So what I can do there is I should have to share this to you. Okay.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, if you could send that to me. Also, can we look through my new, I made a new lead, do you know the coach thing you said in the video? Yeah, hang on, me, like, comment, and I'll send you through the coaching thing. If we can look through that, that'd be great.
Kyle Musca: So that's the one I just brought in there, the way, let me turn that off.
Torin McGlynn: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Can we look through the coach one together?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry, I don't know what you can hear and what you can't hear.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I changed it a little bit. Sent females.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you're getting a lot of females coming through. We'll follow that path.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, more females than,
Kyle Musca: What I tend to do here with females, not sure if we have it in your one or had had it, but I usually, because they're all pretty much losing, looking to lose weight. So I usually just say like zero to 10 kilos, 10 to 20 kilos, 20 kilos plus.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Not muscle again. No, because I mean, not many women are looking to build muscle.
Torin McGlynn: Especially when they're 40 years old.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. know what mean? 70%, 87%. You can also see the, it's not the, I mean, it's decent enough to be considerable, but the click-through rate on these people are higher, which probably means they're just a little bit more serious.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah. Click-through rate's pretty good, to be honest. These are the leads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And then what's great about this question is I've never seen this question really under 95% click-through rate, which is fantastic.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, they like to answer that.
Kyle Musca: So working full-time, so you're getting a lot of leads there. So you've got 41 total leads. Oh, that was the other thing as well.
Torin McGlynn: To be honest, I should definitely have like a freebie for if they say not working. Right now it sends nothing.
Kyle Musca: Oh, really? Get out of here. It sends nothing.
Torin McGlynn: It's just like goodbye.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the lead magnet's fantastic because it's like you can actually, you can do a lot of different  with it. Definitely worth it. Yeah, so I just sent you this as well. This is the new updated CA dashboard. You've seen this one before, eh?
Torin McGlynn: Where are you? Is this the one I have?
Kyle Musca: So.
Torin McGlynn: I'm saying you might learn.
Kyle Musca: Similar, well, the one you sent me, I'm not sure. Well, where you got that from?
Torin McGlynn: The one that, the ICO dashboard right now, I pretty much copied all your operations management, like we said, for me to do. This is the one I use right now. You can see all the numbers in there too. It's a little bit annoying because April is probably one of my worst months for how long.
Kyle Musca: I just requested access.
Torin McGlynn: You should come up now. I'll just say anyone with the link for now. Should have access now.
Kyle Musca: So this is messy. Is it the same?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It is to a degree, but I updated this one. So I would use this one moving forward. Reason being is because it's a lot cleaner, obviously, but I've added a few things. So one is the direct response, which is how it's always been. The date's also all 2026, so it makes it easier in that regard. Direct response, it's always been organic, which is, I assume, what you've done in yours, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Then what I've done here is I've also added a lead magnet one. So when we run that, you can run that.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yes. Okay. So I'll just, what should I do? should just say to Matt.
Kyle Musca: Just use this one. Yeah, just use this one moving forward. Plus, there will be a lot cleaner. A lot cleaner. yeah, because this is, I don't know how you read this. This is messy as.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it is. I don't really read it. I just get him to report to me, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would just do this one moving forward. Now, the other things I've added to this one then. Is an income and expenses log, monthly summaries, monthly profit and loss, and a setup guide.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: So it just helps you track a little bit more of your business expenses and stuff.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool. Yeah, he has all that. Matt's great, so I'd tell him all this and it'll be perfect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, all in one machine, but yeah, beautiful. Any questions on any of that?
Torin McGlynn: No, I'd just tell Matt to put it in the new thing. It should help, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The awesome part about these two as well, Matt, is like the lead magnet for Brie, is the ad that's doing that, they're so easy to turn around because they're all graphics. We don't need to do a video on them because we're just giving something away for free.
Torin McGlynn: We don't need a video.
Kyle Musca: Oh, nice.
Torin McGlynn: This is the ad that's doing that for the, is the graphics for the... Is it for the masterclass, the ad?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah. There you go. Oh, yeah. I see.
Kyle Musca: So it's similar to how we do direct response. Yeah. But like, imagine if you just did, again, it gives you another layer of giveaway too, because instead of doing direct response or even instead of doing the recipe, you could just be like, you know, I've just created a fat loss masterclass for women in their 40s and 50s trying to drop six to eight kilos over the next 90 days. If you want that, comment the word fat loss, and I'll send it through.
Torin McGlynn: Easy. It'll take me two seconds.
Kyle Musca: One take. Yeah. So it's like, again, then you have so many different variables of what you can do. It's like comment for the recipe, comment for the fat loss, comment for coaching.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay, yeah, it makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And two of the three of them are giveaways.
Torin McGlynn: What do you mean two of the three of them are giveaways?
Kyle Musca: So it's like you're giving value instead of asking. So instead of saying like if you want coaching. The other thing I think would be really good for you to try out is, and I wouldn't pull back on the volume of posting you're doing because that's working really well. He's exactly what I needed actually, is these types of videos for Xavier, right? They're actually doing really well. This one got, it doesn't do obviously as viral, but this one got 860 likes and 51K views for a direct, like an actual coaching Alex Gamble style video.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, Alex Gamble's videos are good. Pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like that's something I'm working towards with Xavier now is doing more of these because he did one the other day where it was like. He did one similar to it and he got like a thousand likes or something like that. But this one on TikTok did like a million views or something like that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I saw it actually. His TikTok's been doing great, to be honest. It's good to see him doing well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so he's getting that for sure.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Trying to get a set. Yeah, I can focus on some of, I can definitely focus on some of those. What was I going to say to you? See, just to kind of finish up on the, do you think that my many chat flow with the coach thing is perfect?
Kyle Musca: I don't need to change it. This one. Yeah, the only thing I would change maybe is probably for women just do the fat loss. So for example.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then the only other slight change I'll do is. So you can see 5 to 8, lose 5 to 8 kilos and tone up, which a lot of women are clicking, right? Lose 9 to 10 kilos, lose 16 kilos plus. Now, obviously, a lot of yours might be US, so make sure you add the pounds. So I might be able to lose 5 to 8 kilos slash, what, 10 to 15 pounds or something, 10 to something like that, whatever it is. The only other thing I do, I change, is I change this, so it's like nutrition training, structure, routine, knowledge, guidance. Because a lot of people say that they struggle with structure, you know what I mean?
Torin McGlynn: I don't think it's a key word when it comes to those calls. Everyone loves the structure. And in sales calls is always structured, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I mean, like, it's not necessarily that people lack information about how to do something. Sometimes it's more so that they just don't have the time to do it themselves.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's literally one of my sales yesterday was some journalist woman and she was like, I could probably do it myself if I sat down and thought about it for a bit. And she's like, just don't want to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but that's who you want because it's like, those are probably, you know, I don't like saying the word, but busier professionals. You know what mean? Like they're people that have a job, their energy and their attention, their focus is on, you know, their career and their working, whatever they're doing. And they just want to not be, you know, completely out of shape and depressed.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, they love the line when I hit them with the, oh, I'll do my job, you do yours and we'll stick to what we're doing. They love that. They're like. They're It's just a word to use for those kind of people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Because I know. Anyone that's successful in career and business and work and stuff, they know their most important asset is their time and they know that the currency that they're most poor at is time. You know what I mean? So it's if you can solve time issues for wealthier people, you're golden.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely. Definitely. Yeah, cool, cool, cool, cool. What was the other things? Also, I want your help with looking out for, I'm not even sure what to look for in these DM-centered things. Like, what do I look for? I'm looking through their DMs and they look all right, but I don't really know what to look for and what's good and what's bad. The booking rate has gone up way more though, which is good. What does your workflow look like when you are reviewing? Doing your setter's work.
Kyle Musca: So, quickly on this, just before I move on, did you only close 33% or that's just because based of the calls you've taken?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I only closed 33%. I only took six and I closed two.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Any concern around that or?
Torin McGlynn: Not a bit sloppy, I will say, but to be honest, like, you know when, I don't know if you ever have this, and I don't know if this is just me being modest with myself, but sometimes I know if I've allowed one or if I know if they're just actually a  lead. It didn't feel like I blundered them, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sometimes, it's hard to say though, because sometimes there's people that you'll think, this person's not going to sign, they're wasting my time, and they'll sign without any issue. You know what mean? There's some people you think, oh, this guy's got all, like, heaps of money, he's committed, he's going to sign easily, and then he just  flakes.
Torin McGlynn: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: So, it's like, I would never, because then if you get into the mindset of this, It's just the  quality lead, like, your effort and everything will drop. And it's like, that might be the reason you don't close them.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you don't want that, obviously. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Because it's like, realistically, if you're, like, really, really.
Torin McGlynn: a little bit of a concern.
Kyle Musca: We'll keep an eye on it, for sure. You've only six. I mean, it could have just been a bad run. We'll keep an eye on it and get more data there. Yeah. Now, to assess conversations and stuff, I literally just, oh, shouldn't have closed that, but I've closed it anyway. it. Come on here. I always, our main focus is on, you know, you, especially for you, you're going to have a lot of conversations happening. Our main focus is on the cream of the crop. Okay, so- ones, probably the best. Yeah, so add tag, coach. So what we want to do here is coach- You're not showing your screen, by the way. Oh, I am. don't think. You might not be on it. So I'll re-share. There you go. Oh, there you go. So our main focus is, I just filter by the main tag. So this is why tagging is so important in ManyChat. So you can see here, if they finish the flow and they're somewhat qualified, they'll get the coach tag. I usually, this is up to you, obviously, what you tag with, but that I usually did qualify there. Just make it simple, but as long as we know it's coach, it's fine.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I put it in coach because it was just getting mixed up with the worst one. So I wanted one, a standalone one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's fine. So then depends on how long you go there. So the other The filter I'll usually add is the subscribed one. So subscribed after or before. So it's like if I wanted to do before, you know, maybe it was today, Friday. So before, let's just say Wednesday or something like that. So we see the conversations that have actually played through a little bit more. So, and then what I do is I check one, obviously, conversation quality, but reply time. So that was 5.25 my time, which is about 8.25 Australian Eastern Standard Time. Now, most people are going to be on that. just assume that's them. To be fair, they could be in the US. They could be all different types of things, especially for you. So there's no point in assuming. Strawberry, for you specifically as well, I like to come up and see if they're repeat offenders. You know what mean? Because this chick might have just been retarded enough to think, you know what mean? Like she's gone hard.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, for the recipe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. She thinks they're coming in coke for the recipe. Yeah, so she might just be preconditioned. seen that as well. Did it say she's seen it? Oh, yeah. What a . So, this is a decent conversation of what it looks like. Cool, he's qualified.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, he's good.
Kyle Musca: 40 pounds is a start, so that's quite a lot of weight. This is obviously you doing it, I suspect. Is this you? It's not me.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, whoever's doing this, I would probably... Okay. I'm not a huge fan of that. I mean, it's not too bad. Actually... It's not too bad because he gave a short reply, so whoever's done that has kind of mirrored it, so I'm not going to say anything there. But I would keep an eye on that because if they give you a meatier sort of thing, okay, so let's just keep reading, all right? Man, well, I've been going to the gym for about three times a week and I'm walking more than 10 steps a day, but I guess it's more of a motivational issue. Yeah, you're doing the right thing.
Torin McGlynn: The flow asks, what do you do for work? Where are you based? flow asks, are working full-time if that's needed?
Kyle Musca: Wait, what are you looking at?
Torin McGlynn: See, they're saying, what do you do for work? Where are you based? Is that needed? I suppose they're qualifying because he's already said I work full-time.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, so what we're doing there. So whoever's doing this is kind of being a bit too short. So the reason we're asking what, one, where, what are you? I always like to say, where are you based before? What do you work? Because one, this helps with time zones, so we don't have to come back to it when booking. Okay. And we do want to qualify what they do for work because one, people can lie on the full-time thing. then we also, you know, there's a difference between working full-time at Kohl's versus working full-time at a hedge fund, right? Yeah. But I always justify that ask, like, is it highly stressful or physically active?
Torin McGlynn: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: I justify the ask. So, man, I would go to the gym three times a week, walking 10,000 steps a day, but I guess it's more of a motivational issue. You're doing the right things, just hard to stay locked in. What's your age? What do you do for work and where are you based? Just helps me get a clearer picture of your day-to-day lifestyle. So, it's not terrible, but, like, didn't probably acknowledge it as much, but it's not terrible. Like, it's not enough for me to kind of... people's it's don't not a you. Say . I'm 36. I work as a dispatcher for a car hauling company. I'm in Washington State.
Torin McGlynn: No, it's got a good picture.
Kyle Musca: It's just a little bit bland is what I would say.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I wouldn't say, have you ever thought about getting a coach? Again, I don't know if they've changed the script or if you've changed the script or whatever, but it's like, are you potentially looking at getting a coach? Not have you thought about getting a coach because they've messaged the wrong coach. So it's like they've probably, you know, you can assume they've thought about it. But are you potentially looking at getting a coach just helps qualify to make sure that they know it's not like free?
Torin McGlynn: Is that in the new, is that in the new flow that you sent me, the new script? I'm going through the new script with them on Monday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's been in the script forever. Like I haven't changed that part. So it's like, I don't know what they're on there.
Torin McGlynn: I didn't change that. I definitely didn't change that.
Kyle Musca: Then for follow-ups, I always look at how long ago the follow-up was. So that's about 24 hours.
Torin McGlynn: Ideally, we'd probably want one before then, but at least they did follow up, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Haven't heard back from here. I just want to check in, see if now's the right time to discuss how I can support you. Completely understand things with me. Yeah, I haven't looked into coaches and everything, but I know that having a coach is expensive right now, especially, and I understand how boring my health is and why not. But yeah, I don't know. Yes, but I wouldn't ask. This question. So this is a question, this is a problem I see a lot in setting. Don't ask a, you only, only ask a hard financial qualifying question if they have a low-income job or they are. A student or apprentice or something like that. Because what this has done is this has just killed the conversation. There are plenty and plenty and plenty of people that say coaches are expensive or I'm on a budget or I don't have the money. If you can get them on the phone, they will close. So that to me is not an indicator that they're not in a good enough financial spot. It just means that they're a bit weary about it. But because they're logistically thinking, they haven't had the chance to get into an emotional thought state.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I would be very critical on that because that will kill a lot of conversations.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah. This is the fine line between wasting my time with people that just aren't going to spend it and, you know, scaring off the people that actually will. Because he's got a suit on.
Kyle Musca: He's a suit on. You know, he's working full time as a dispatcher for a car hauling company. Like, that's decent enough.
Torin McGlynn: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And he's 36. And he's 36, you know what I mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. It's not like he's 20. She's dead straight away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's because two days went by without them getting on top of it. So that's something I'd be concerned about.
Torin McGlynn: Let me screenshot it, put it in the set of group right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So 29th, 30th, 1st. Yeah. So Wednesday to Friday, way too late.
Torin McGlynn: I'm just going to put it in two days, just one question mark. Let's be hashed with them.
Kyle Musca: 1st of May, 1st 1040. Yep. Cool.
Torin McGlynn: Great timing. This one's better. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Good. Start. That's the main thing.
Torin McGlynn: Receptionist for a chiropractor, it's okay, job.
Kyle Musca: I don't like this question, I would get them to remove that completely, or not completely, but immediately, change it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, me too. What am I changing it to?
Kyle Musca: I've never thought about receptionist already. So, have you ever thought about getting a coach to, and are you potentially looking at getting a coach to help you tone up, help you tone up a bit, help you tone up and keep you consistent? Yes, but I honestly. I can't afford it. My boss helps me with the pain, but as I moved in with my 80-year mother six months ago, I'm dealing with a lot of stress. I don't lift her, but I do help her transfer to and from a wheelchair. So again, we've had another one that says, I can't afford it. So they've gone in here.
Torin McGlynn: So you don't think we should ask the 500 question there, even though they're like, I can't afford it. They're being pretty direct with not being able to afford it.
Kyle Musca: I mean, she's a receptionist for a chiropractor who's working for time and living with her mother. So she's probably not paying rent. She just doesn't have her priorities right. Because if you jumped on the phone with her and said, okay, well, to help your 81-year-old mother and to make... Make sure that you stay fit and healthy. It sounds like you're going to need some strength training. know what mean? Like to me, there's an easy connection there.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I also think like they're also saying thought, which puts them in a logistical mindset straight away. Have you ever thought about it? Oh, no, it's too expensive.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, true. That's true. I see what saying.
Kyle Musca: You whereas it's like, you potentially looking at getting a coach? Yeah, potentially. Like we want to avoid any question that comes into financials. So it's like, one, this is obviously a hard financial qualifier. it's like, you know, we're more than likely this is a complete time waster, they're definitely not going to be able to afford it because they're not working, right? But what's the other question that leads to it? We just want to avoid any conversation that goes towards price in the DMs because if it goes into price in DMs, like the script of the conversation leads it to that point, we might as well just sell by chat and sell by chat is not going to work. Because it's like, the other thing as well as, you know, this is  is because like, she doesn't even know how much it's involved. It could be 10 bucks a week, 40 bucks a week, it could be 200 bucks a week. She just doesn't like, because then, again, you've got to think about what these words do. it's like, yes, thought puts it in a logistical mindset. Getting a coach is, so we're thinking about money. What does getting a coach do? Getting a coach makes that money leave my pocket. No, it's too expensive.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because that's all they're thinking of. They're not thinking about any value that they get from it. Right?
Torin McGlynn: Right? Yeah, they're just thinking about money.
Kyle Musca: Man, also, he didn't actually finish it. He shouldn't have been in this tag, but that's not sure why that's there. We'll get rid of that. So this would be a US person judged off that time. This is the other thing. When are the setters in your account?
Torin McGlynn: They're in my account. Are you there? Can you hear me?
Kyle Musca: Are you there?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I'm here. The setter's in my account from like, I think it's 8am my time to like 8pm my time.
Kyle Musca: So 10am Australian Eastern, which is 7pm EST, 5pm PST. So I'd probably try and get them in earlier. Because a lot of your leads are US, Like all of them, pretty much all of them. Yeah, so if all of, if a significant chunk of them are, makes no sense at all having them in there at Australian times.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but if we look at 5pm Australian. In Eastern Standard Time, 2 a.m., yeah, so that's pretty early. So the main things you want them in is afternoons when people are off work and they're on their phone. So you're covering Australian times anyway, and then also covering late evenings on Australian time. So I would shift your time zones around, get them in the account earlier, and get them in more U.S. times if they're predominantly in Australia.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah. No, I'll do that. I'll do that. What was the other thing I wanted to discuss with you? That's pretty much it when it comes to Setter, and then we'll do the Masterclass as the main thing. What was the other thing I... Can we go to my form I sent you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Let's look through that for a second. Where's your thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, cool. Okay. Thank you.
Torin McGlynn: Oh yeah, there's going to be a different, a whole different ballgame when this macroactive thing comes through as well, because I'm going to be finished that in the next, like, month or so, and then I'll be adding some flows for that as well, because I think with the volume, the low ticket could do well too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Um, did you send me the form?
Torin McGlynn: I sent you the form, yeah.
Kyle Musca: On WhatsApp? I don't think it's going through.
Torin McGlynn: Oh no, the, the, you know, the one you send me every week, that form.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: What did I ask in there? I definitely asked about setters, I definitely asked about lead magnets. What else I asked? I did a little, um, you do Q&As every Wednesday, don't you? Something like that. I should probably add those in every week.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, I would do Q&As for you. Uh, I would have a...
Torin McGlynn: Yesterday's did good, like, lots of views, lots of engagement, very good value I gave, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Yeah, for sure.
Torin McGlynn: Oh yeah, with the, you know when people say I need to look at my finances and just make sure that I'm not, you know, going to make it so I can't afford the month. What would you, what would you handle that with? I get that so much. You know, they're I need to look at my finances and I'm pushing back a few times. Like I'm telling them like, oh, you need to get your priorities straight, whatever it is. Is this the same mindset that's keeping you stuck for the last four years? Like if you just need to think about things, like when is the right time, whatever. Why is it, do you have, what do you use when it's like, you know, I need to look at my budget sheet. They always say to me, all this .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I get you. And like, I guess just so I'm on the same page with you, is it like, do you have the funds like physically available to you? And it's just purely a matter of making sure it fits with everything else going on. Or is it, you just don't have the funds physically available and it's a matter of like where you can actually find them. So this is the objective.
Torin McGlynn: And normally then they'll go. Say something like that and they're like, oh, that's where I find them.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Well, awesome. In those situations, what I love to do with clients is just sort of sit down with them and just sort of break apart their weekly spending. So I guess, and how many times a week are getting takeout at the moment? Okay. How many subscriptions do you have? Because if it's that, it's like, it's logistically finding where to get those funds from. How much money are sort of spending a week on like, you know, I guess snacks and drinking alcohol and stuff like that? Well, you're not going to need them anyway. And so, mean, like you might as well make the save.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Makes a lot of sense. Yeah. We can talk about, I can talk about that with them.
Kyle Musca: And I guess just so I'm on the same page with you, because like the last thing I want to do is like, you know, put you on a string, you're begging for money. If you did decide to sort of invest in this and your health and move forward today, would it be? be a matter of, you know, you are sort of stressed, you're getting kicked out of your house, or is it just sort of, you know, you'd have to just be a little bit more responsible with your spendings over the next couple of weeks to make it work?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, stuff like that as well, I need to hear.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, just go, just those types of situations, you kind of just have to face it head on and actually solve what they're telling you.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, that makes sense. That's, I definitely, some sales calls, I go on, I'm a weapon, like, you know, you're in a better mood or whatever, and then sometimes I, some are like, oh, what, what can I say to this  person to get them on, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I just think you're an objection handling script. Works quite well for a lot of situations, and that question isn't there. So, it's logistics versus video-based. Nice. So I'm on the same page. it you have the funds available or just need to make sure it fits with everything else? Or do you need to fit like you don't? Is it you physically don't have those funds as a matter of finding them? Yeah. If they say they have the funds available, you know that the close is 100% on the table.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This question is great because either way, whether it's logistics or whether it's fear, when you then go into the further payment reduction, payment structure, reducing the deposit thing, you've got them on like a bit of a checkmate there. Because it's like, well, I have the funds available. just need to make sure I can pay rent. Oh, well, that's all good. Then we'll, instead of $1,500, we'll just do a K. That way you save $500 an hour. You can pay rent.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. If it's logistics-based, I need to find the money. Oh, that's no stress. Like, instead of, oh, we could do that. Instead of $1,500, we could just do a K. Make it a little bit easier, right? Cool. That might, obviously, if they don't have a K either, then it's not going to work, but it's also about, like, sitting down with them and just cutting back all their unnecessary expenses, which I guarantee most fat people probably have quite a lot. Being fat is not cheap. No, it's not.
Torin McGlynn: They eat lots of food. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: All right, cool. Plenty of stuff for me to work on this week anyway. I'm going to aim for, we're to get a 20K a week pretty soon. I think I can do it. I think I can do it next week.
Kyle Musca: To be honest. Yeah, mean, Bree's been pulling in, like, 25K a She nearly hit 30K a week last week, so it's like, the potential for you to do it is definitely there.
Torin McGlynn: She hit 100K months.
Kyle Musca: I'd have to check with her last week. The week before that, she did, yeah, like, 24 or something K, so she's probably on track for it.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. There's no reason I shouldn't be. That's 770.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's like you just need to give them something and get them into to you. I also think like one thing I'm really transitioning into now is trying to get into long form content, which I think would be really smart. We'll talk about this at later date. I think it'd be really smart for you to start, smart for you to start thinking about.
Torin McGlynn: I have been.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I've been thinking about that a lot. Yeah, that is definitely something I've been posting on YouTube as well. I'm trying to get the followers up. We'll hit 10k on there soon.
Kyle Musca: That's always good. Oh, oh, so yeah. Yeah. If you keep pushing that, YouTube has the highest conversion. If you can get someone in long form, you'll never struggle with money again.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah. All right, cool, man. Plenty of stuff to work on this week. I'll get a masterclass in order and I'll text you about it. Because I'll probably need some help with that. And then that's all ready. I'll get some other stuff sorted. Probably do one or two of those. And yeah, thank you for today.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Let me know if you have any issues or questions. But otherwise, enjoy your weekend, man.
Torin McGlynn: Cool.
Kyle Musca: You too, man. See you later. Ciao, soon. Bye.


>>> 192/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-01T05:51:19Z | id:142746370
People: Kyle Musca

Michael Cui: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro. How are going?
Michael Cui: Good, bro. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. How's things?
Michael Cui: Yeah, no, not too bad this week.
Kyle Musca: Yourself? Yeah, pretty good, man. Pretty good. Cool. Well, we'll dive right in. I was just going through your check-in form then. How have things been overall?
Michael Cui: Yeah, overall pretty consistent this week. Videos and stuff went out pretty consistently. Signed on like a referral the other day as well. Um, and then also action the , like, got free stuff for your mates. Like, if you can send them through, I'll send them through some free . Yesterday, probably should have done that a bit earlier in the week, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Have you had any replies or anything like that off that yet?
Michael Cui: Yeah, so I'm just getting, like, replies. Bye Bye-bye. Thank I was through from like my guys now that I asked for like their mates. So I've got a few from there now that I'll send through the stuff today as well. But yeah, like, I don't know. I think, I think it like, it works pretty well, like in the sense of like them actually giving me people to send things through too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Definitely. And then it's like, it's just a normal sort of outreach thing from that point. That's like a better outreach method than just like cold DMing random people.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's something that I would sort of definitely keep me updated on how that goes.
Michael Cui: Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: that'll be very, very interesting. The one referral you did get and signed, run me through like, where did they come from? Like what, what happened there specifically?
Michael Cui: So this guy was just like, it's just off one of my current guys and would have just been from me asking him if he knew of anyone that would be keen on this service. us. guy guy like, Yeah. So I asked him, I'd say like probably a week or maybe even two ago, the last time that I asked him. And he just, yeah, he texted me and he's like, oh bro, like I've got one of my mates is keen on coaching. I've just sent him your way. And then he followed me on Instagram. I messaged him and then we had a chat like that night. And he was just saying how like he was catching up with his mate, which was the guy that I coach. And he was saying how like he was kind of looking for coaching. And then the guy that I coach was like, oh, well, like I'm with like Michael, I can send you through his stuff if you'd like, like I'd recommend.
Kyle Musca: And then that's kind of how it happened. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Awesome. So one thing there is like, I would recommend putting something in the group chat so people can publicly see that. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I just wanted to welcome, you know, James, he's Brad's mate. Um, and I want to give a special shout out to Brad for bringing, you know, Thank Again, however you'd word this, but bringing on another absolute legend into the team. You know, one thing I'm really proud of is the community we've built here. And I found that if you bring on, you know, if you guys bring on more people like you, then this community keeps growing. And I really, really appreciate that. Something like that. I'll probably reword it a little bit better.
Michael Cui: Yeah. I did like something along those lines, like a week or two ago from the other, like the other referral as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. You get much of a response out of that? Like in terms of people replying?
Michael Cui: Probably not. It's just mainly people liking, but I will be, like I've been consistently just like at the back end of check-ins and also just in like our WhatsApp chats and everything with people just kind of pushing the idea of like being more responsive in the chat as well. So I just keep doing that until it obviously  slowly starts to sort itself out.
Kyle Musca: One thing you might even want to look What man, is changing the referral thing to the start of the check-in instead of the end of the check-in. Yeah. So it's like, hey, Brad, how going, man? Whatever, how do you get into your check-in and everything like that? Before we dive into it, man, I had James, who recently brought on, you know, Ted to the team and everything like that. And, you I'm just making up names, but I've spoken to a couple of other guys that kind of have a few mates, you know, that they are either close with or just know of. That, you know, however you were. There's someone who's really, really good at this is, it's obviously a different platform, but it'd be a pretty similar style. Is, I'm sure you probably know Diary Overseer.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Look, 64% of our viewers don't realize they don't subscribe. Please double check. Thank you. Again, that's what I was going to show you, but more important. I'm like, I was actually going to show you. Renting versus owning a whole is the biggest financial, just a little bit of thinking about their financial strategy. A lot of young people feel a lot of pressure to save, but there is research suggesting that it's probably suboptimals for young people to save, which we'll talk more about later. And then, in a world of AI where everything is changing so quickly, what should I be doing with my money right now? Ben Felix has the answer. Okay, ready? This is the part I was talking about. This is super interesting to me. My team give me this report to show me how many of you that watch this show subscribe. And some of you have told us, according to this, that you are unsubscribed from the channel randomly. So, a favour to ask all of you. Please, could you check right now if you've hit the subscribe button, if you are a regular viewer of the show and you like what we do here. We're approaching quite a significant landmark on this show in terms of a subscriber number. So, if there was one simple free thing that you could do to help us, my team, everyone here, to keep this show free, to keep it improving year over year. Week over week. It is just to hit that subscribe button and to double check if you've hit it. Only thing I'll ever ask of you. Do we have a deal? If you do it, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll make sure every single week, every single month, we fight harder and harder and harder and harder to bring you the guests and conversations that you want to hear. I've stayed true to that promise since the very beginning of the Diary of CO and I will not let you down. Please help us. Really appreciate it. See, what he's doing there is he's making the ask, but then he's selling why they should do it. So it's one thing making the ask, right? You know, I was speaking to James the other day and he was, he brought on, I was speaking to James the other day and he actually started chatting to his mates and he had quite a few of them that were actually quite interested. And one of his mates, Brad, actually ended up joining. And one thing I've really come to realize is that a lot of you guys probably know someone in or around your circle that is interested in joining coaching and improving their health and fitness and everything like that. And it just simply comes down to like actually making the ask, which I'd really appreciate. Right? That's the ask. Again, very sped up and fast-forwarded. I'd probably think about it a little bit more. But then you need to sell why they should do it. All right? And so what? If you do that, what that's going to allow us to do is going to build the community of more like-minded people all here to encourage and build each other up. But it's also going to allow me to spend more time focusing on improving the service and giving you the best possible coaching in order to get you the best possible results. So I'll make you a promise. If you can make it, you can ask your friends if they're potentially keen on it, not only will I give you $250 as a special thank you if they do join, but I guarantee you the level of coaching and the service I'm able to provide will continue going up. I really, really appreciate it.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So it's like I would probably even do it at the start of the check-in video because everyone's going to watch that then. Whereas the end of the check-in, you can probably see this on Luna. I'm not sure if you can actually. I haven't checked, but because I wonder if you could see where, so for example, this is seven viewers, right? I'm there's probably stats on like watch time and everything like that. You do it on Loom, are you chickens?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Over the video, I'm going to click the analytics tab. Was that? Maybe I don't have the analytics tab because I don't have the Loom Premium. I won't  around with that right now because it's going to take too long. But, yeah, probably something worth checking out.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Anyway, cool. Come back into your check-in form. Any questions? Now, before we move on?
Michael Cui: Nah, nah, that makes sense. I'll do that this week for sure.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is like, yeah, every time you get a referral, it's pretty much almost a guaranteed close.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So it's like the very, very easy closes. So a new client referral, action, the I have some stuff I want to send you. Yep, cool. So keep me updated on that. Hit 10 posts, had a sign-on, would have ended at 10K. Do you have a system to follow up overdue invoices and do you get them a lot?
Michael Cui: Yeah. The vast majority of them, they're just obviously like a, like one or two  stragglers in there, but vast majority of them all get followed up on it.
Kyle Musca: There's no real issues there. Okay. Perfect. Cool. If it's not a problem, it's not a problem. Time blocking, except this week I time blocked daily and did content daily. Wasn't intentional, but kind of worked. Yeah. So, mean, like, I'm not a, I'm not against by any means doing daily. Content. I would just make sure that you have like a heavy content section at the start of the week. But if you do film content through the week, that's not a bad thing either because that will help you to be like really, really relevant with things, if that makes sense. So one thing I get caught up is I time block. So I do film all my content on, let's say, Monday. But something really highly relevant might come out on Tuesday, which means that I might not film it till next Monday, which is a negative for me, for example. So it's like, if there's something very in the now, one thing I want to show you is how to find some content on this as well. Yeah, so I might even show you that now. Let me this. What is this? So what you can do, right, is you obviously know the algorithm stuff which we've spoken about, but what you can do here is you can, so let's say you want to see more of science-based training, right? Watch reels. See how you can click on it?
Michael Cui: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right, perfect. That's exactly, this is the, I can already tell. I've watched two seconds and this is the exact type of reel that you should be reacting to, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, this is nice and polarizing. Because to me, that's actually, you know, I wouldn't  on him for that. That's somewhat of a fair argument to make, right? The bar is going to help with extra stability. Yada, yada, yada. Can almost probably guarantee true lunch lady. So for something like this, for example, I would, it's a funny comment, but I would come in here and be like, you know, yeah. So what I would do is like, yeah, you've got, you've got nice triceps, but you've got  grip, you've got  grip strength. No wonder you use straps instead. All right. It's nice polarizing hook. That's what pretty much most. Like, would screenshot this and be like, that's what pretty much most of the comments said.
Michael Cui: Right.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, and then I would go to explain, like, now I'm not one for, now, believe me, I absolutely love shitting on science-based training. But this one, you know, but what he's doing here, you know, what he's doing here is actually quite respectable, right? Yes, he's using a cuff to take out grip strength, which is going to focus more isolation on the tricep. But more importantly, he's using the bar as a method to stay, he's using the bar to increase stability. Whatever, I'm going to let you sort of figure out what you'd say there. But, yeah, good point, right? Now, again, once you see this, this is the most important thing, interested.
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Clicking interested, I might even do that because I want to see more of those types of videos. We'll show you so much more of these types of videos, more than anything else that I've ever seen on Instagram.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? This is definitely one that I would  off. You know mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Wouldn't really react to that one. Weird  photo to use for that, but... I mean, you could potentially react to that one. I don't know if there's sound on this because I can't hear it, whether or not you want to... You could react to that one as well because you've obviously spoken about how bulking just to, you know, hit a certain number. You know, it just ends up getting fat and you'll regret it.
Michael Cui: You'll be  depressed. You know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Don't know what the . So none of these are super, super polarizing. That's something you might want to react to. know what mean? Like that's, that's actually pretty funny.
Michael Cui: I mean, like, but you get what I'm saying, right? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Weightlifting techniques. See if, see if there's anything interesting there. I'd like to check comments as well, see if there's anything that seems very Russian. Yeah, either point, right? But that's how I would find that type of content.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So if I want to talk about more transformations, weight loss transformations, I'll probably see heaps of them.
Michael Cui: Yeah, I no idea like you could  like press the thing and watch it off that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, this one's got 52K. Yeah, I mean, that's what we want to see. Heaps, heaps, and heaps, and heaps. So you just got to find the ones that actually, yeah, the ones that you actually want to obviously. That's see more of, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that?
Michael Cui: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And then, yeah, just spam the interested thing because, like, sometimes I'll overdo it and it shows me too much of one thing. That's a good thing. No? Cool. Are you talking about filming or posting in this?
Michael Cui: Filming. But I reckon I'll just do what you said at the start anyway.
Kyle Musca: Like, I'll just have, like, a bigger day at the start of the week.
Michael Cui: I'll just film as I go as well throughout the week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the way I would look at it is, like, get your base level stuff filmed, let's say, on Monday, right? So, it's like, if you're going to aim to post, let's just say you aim to post at least daily, so seven days, get at least seven videos filmed in that session, probably. More so, like, eight to be safe. And then you can film a couple as you go through the week when they come up.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? Now, if you can't have a look here. Have you done any more, like, masterclass stuff?
Michael Cui: Yeah, I did one, I think, went out the day of or after last week's call.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What was that on?
Michael Cui: Let me have a suss. I feel like, unless I'm , like, retarded.
Kyle Musca: The other thing here, man, is you're not, I don't know if you're doing it on, yeah, so you didn't, that would have been a perfect one to make an ask on. Because that actually got good engagement, 162.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: These work well for you as well. You can even ask to put a CTA in the next slide, for example.
Michael Cui: Yeah, for sure. Yeah, like the training carousels seem to be pretty decent. I just added like the text on, like we spoke about the other week. But the one, sorry, the masterclassing that went out last week was the one on the training splits.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Perfect. Did you just give that to your internal guys or you put that up in your story and stuff?
Michael Cui: That was up in my story.
Kyle Musca: You get much response of that?
Michael Cui: A few, not as much as the first one I did about like progressive overload. But yeah, a couple people wanted it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just keep adding, you know what mean? You can do one of those. There's a week you've gotten.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah. But it was like once I'd set up the  Claude , it was easy as like that, like in terms of creating it, it was easy as.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So sometimes like, yeah. It'll take you about 20 hours to become proficient in something. So it's like, but most people put off the first hour by like decades. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, just spend the time to just figure it out. Like there's probably a lot of things that we're all guilty of doing that something, know, that would be beneficial, but you've just kind of pushed off because you just don't know how to start. You don't know where to start, but the reality is just like,  around with it for like an hour just to sort of gather that information and then play around with it and spend the time on it. And you'll be like, oh, I should have done that sooner.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So the engagement's been pretty good. These do really well for you, man. I don't see that. That's annoying. Yeah, they do well for you, man. They consistently do well.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is this a client?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's sick, man. This isn't the client that referred a client?
Michael Cui: Nah, but he has referred me, like, in his time with me, like, four in total.
Kyle Musca: So he's... You should try and get more of these collaboration posts, man. Yeah.
Michael Cui: Yeah. in sense, it's all his followers. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: He only has... That's 1,500, but, like, if they're all close family and friends, then he actually gets decent engagement on it.
Michael Cui: Yeah, he's been saying  forever about how he was wanting to post more, like, gym-related stuff. And so then, yeah, he chucked that one up, and then I remember, like, I just texted him after. was like, bro, like, invite me to collab, and I'll chuck it up on my page as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you should put that into the group chat and stuff. Be like, you know, absolutely awesome to see. I absolutely love seeing you guys post this. Yadda, yadda, yadda, whatever reason. Highly encourage more of you doing it.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: I mean, overall, I think this is looking good.
Michael Cui: I posted, like, just earlier.
Kyle Musca: You haven't already noticed the lights are on, but no one's on. Whoever hurt Seven deserves to be in jail, because what the  was that? That's good. That's like the type of real I reckon you should react to.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How are you on with stories and everything?
Michael Cui: Yeah, they've been good. I just haven't put any up today yet, but throughout the week, they've been great.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Have you done any of the seven-day free programming stuff or anything like that?
Michael Cui: Have you done any of the sticker taps? Not in the last week or two, no.
Kyle Musca: You should add some scarcity in masterclass as well, because again, you can combine these things, because it's like, if you do one on how to... You know, build a training split or something like that. You could always chuck it up like, just film this masterclass on how to build a training split for all the legends inside, you know, the team or whatever you end up saying. For the first three people that click this sticker, I'll send it through to them for free. Add some scarcity into it.
Michael Cui: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what Because once you add scarcity into it, people want it more.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the other thing is like, one thing you could lean on as well is like, are you natty?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You could lean heavily into that as well, because that's going to be your selling differentiator between someone like Cal, you know, Cal Hines, for example, versus you. I mean, there's a lot of People that want to work with a natural lifter.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And talk about that. That's a huge talking point for you on your videos and everything like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's also polarizing content. If you, you know, you could add that to your reels and stuff like that as like natural lifting and all that . You know what mean? There's a lot that you could do on that. One thing that also worked really well for me this week is these types of videos here. I'm not sure if you saw it. It was a reaction. Did you see this one?
Michael Cui: Nah.
Kyle Musca: It was a reaction, like a normal reaction video. But if you talk about like celebrities and like, you know, people that are well-known and stuff like that, and you use them as like green screens, it keeps the eye really engaged. It keeps people. Really engaged. Like if you see the, I don't know if you can do it on this. Yeah. View insides. If you can see the, it doesn't show it on this, but the watch time on this was like crazy.
Michael Cui: Like 50% was still watching like 20 seconds through or something like that. Yeah. Right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sick physique. But if you've ever wondered how bad physique inflation has actually got, just remember that what used to be considered a godlike physique wouldn't even get looked at twice on social media today. For example, Brad Pitt and Fight Club. Barely any muscle mass and he's decently lean, but nothing crazy. This physique right here was considered the gold standard back in the early 2000s. Same thing with Tobey Maguire's Spider-Man. He's got abs and decent vascularity, but again, not much muscle mass. So just remember, what you see on social media is hyperinflated compared to what most people consider a great physique. You know what I mean? Like a
Michael Cui: A of visual pointing and stuff, but I'm also using celebrities and stuff like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what So obviously, it has to rely on the video and everything to do that properly, but yeah.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This was probably pretty similar.
Michael Cui: You watch this one, hey? Yeah, I've seen that one.
Kyle Musca: Pretty similar because I screenshot it and I put up a lot in terms of pointing at the  on the screen, you know what I mean? So again, anytime you can get something on screen, I highly recommend doing that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: All right. Cool, bro. Is there anything in the back end of your business or anything like that you're having issues with?
Michael Cui: Not really. Like retention across the board is like pretty decent. Just yeah, like probably a couple of weeks ago, I had a few people drop off for finance. The only reason people leave at the moment are quote-unquote financial reasons. But yeah, overall, as of now, like no real issues on the back end.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. One thing you could also do as well is ask your clients like what else they'd like to see in the service and everything like that. Just because like if there's something you just don't know, there's something you just don't know, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like you could go and message and be like, hey, I'm just trying to increase the quality of service and everything like that. So feel free to give your honest feedback. Is there anything else that you'd like to see? Anything I could add? Anything that would help you to get even better results?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'll appreciate you for asking because it shows you genuinely care about improving the level of service. Again, you could always use that as an intro to ask for a referral as well.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah. Yeah. Come on. The only other thing I would sort of recommend probably thinking about is like getting into like long-form content just because it's a slow burner. Like it takes ages to grow, but like the earlier you get into it, the better. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you watch anyone on YouTube?
Michael Cui: Honestly, not really. Hey, like I'm not a massive, like a YouTube guy by any means.
Kyle Musca: No, neither am I. Especially not for fitness and everything. But just because you're not doesn't mean there aren't heaps of people out there that are. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, because I wouldn't even know what like , what there is on fitness YouTube, right? Let's have it in fitness. Let's see what comes up. 103 million views.
Michael Cui: What the ?
Kyle Musca: Greg Doucette. Do you watch Greg?
Michael Cui: I used to, a bit.
Kyle Musca: Cardio. But rather than going all out, I actually want the majority of their cardio to look like this. For hours on end. Now, if you really wanted to, you could lose 20 pounds in a month, but if you want to keep your muscle, there is a limit to how fast you should go. There lies the problem. If you try to lose it too quickly, for example, in 30 days, you're probably going to lose a  ton of muscle, and that is not good. And so, you shouldn't lose more than about 1% of your body weight per week. If you're 200 pounds, that's 2 pounds of fat. That was said. Yeah, okay. So, it seems like what he's doing is just reviewing to another YouTube video.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. If you did, I used to lose 10 pounds. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, YouTube for a fitness thing is a little bit tricky. Like I know James Smith used to do quite a lot, but now he's like shifted towards business. Logan Paul's most profitable scam yet. Obviously his ones are targeted towards, see, this is the issue. Like what's your average client age?
Michael Cui: 21?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like...
Michael Cui: Yeah, like probably 21, 22.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like they're probably not on the platform of YouTube as much unless they're watching like gym vlogs and  like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which is tricky. So yeah, that's the other thing. We spoke about it like a couple of weeks ago as well, but just the age, like which is probably a pro for you that you're so developed in terms of building a coaching foundation and everything like that. at this age because as you grow into your sort of mid and even later 20s, man, like you're going to have every... you're going to be so far ahead of everybody else that it's just  scrambling to even get started. So it's like that's... and because you're dealing with a... that's the positive. The negative is like because your client age is so... It's very, very tricky to find, you know, those people that have money to be able to invest into a coach because, like, I remember I was  21. I was broke as, you know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: So it's like it's finding that fine line. Like, the other thing is, like, what do a lot of your clients do for work?
Michael Cui: They just work, like, I don't know. Like, there's, no one that does, like, any hardcore, like, full-time work. Like, I've got, you know, maybe one or two guys that do support a couple of, like, tradies and stuff here and there as well. The referral guy who signed up, he does FIFO, and the guy that referred him does Ecom. And so it's just kind of, like, it's, yeah, it's quite random.
Kyle Musca: The FIFO ones are actually probably all right because it's, you know, And that, it, it... You might have quite a lot of mates out there that are keen.
Michael Cui: How much are charging on a weekly basis? It's $450 a month, so like $112-ish weekly.
Kyle Musca: So you're charging like good rates for young guys, man. There's a hard sales to make for that age group. So, I mean, obviously flying flat and everything like that is not too bad. What's your sort of monthly revenue looking like at the moment?
Michael Cui: Well, last month. Last month was like $9,669 was last month.
Kyle Musca: That was $10,000 a month.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And how many active clients do you have?
Michael Cui: 23, but not all of them are on 450.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Michael Cui: But like most of them are.
Kyle Musca: Because growing it organically is like a slower process, but like, I guess how profitable are you on those, on that 10k, let's just say 10k. How profitable are you? Do you have many expenses?
Michael Cui: Nah, like my expenses, I pay kahunas and Loom, like in terms of like. Actual expenses of, like, running the business. That's kind of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, mean, like, that's not, yeah. Yeah, you can't complain about that, Because, again, there's a difference between, like, revenue and profit, right? Like, when you start building out your business and everything like that, you'll have, you you could have 100 grand a month. But, like, there are people out there that do pull in 100 grand a month, but they only make 10K profit. You know what mean? So, they're, like, kind of sitting pretty much almost exactly where you are with things, if not worse. There's a lot of people out there that  run 100K a month and run at 0% profit and just  break even.
Michael Cui: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: So, I guess, what happens with that, with the profit you do make? Like, is that just sort of savings? you reinvest it in other places?
Michael Cui: Well, I kind of just leave it. I, like, obviously, into this and then other. Into Declan as well, like my own coach. And then like I have like, I'll do like external like education, like on the coaching aspect of things. Like that's kind of the only places that that money goes through.
Kyle Musca: So you're just, yeah. So you're just reinvesting into yourself with that, I think is really wise because again, you're so young, you're getting so far ahead of everyone else in terms of what you're actually building. And there's also the knowledge. I think that's something that a lot of people like fail to consider is just the ultimate knowledge that you can enhance. Like how fast you can enhance your own knowledge by doing something that you're doing, which a lot of, you know, people your age just wouldn't have the available funds to do, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I think that's something to keep top of mind because that's a very, very important sort of thing. So the reason I ask that is like, because it's like, depends on how profitable you are and where you want with things. Good. Look at potentially running an ad, but again, your age demographic is so, so when you jump into like the world of ads and everything like that, you start to get into like cold audiences and everything, which makes the sale a lot harder because they don't know who you are, right? So it's like, if you think of referrals as like really hot sales, hot leads, cold ads are like the complete opposite where they're just very cold and they're just learning who you are and everything like that. And the people would be marketing to, would be younger 20s, in their younger 20s. it's like cold audience for that, probably going to bring in a lot of like low quality leads, if that makes sense. So I don't know if you'd even really potentially see much of a return off that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, no, I know what you mean.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, again, it's these two sort of forces for you where it's like one aspect is you're so far ahead of the game for everybody else at your age, but because of that same age, I guess, barrier, it makes sense. Is it harder for you to sell to anyone older than that, if that makes sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I think the biggest thing that's probably going to grow your business is delivering a really good quality of service, which sounds like you are for retention is definitely there, and getting that word-of-mouth referral system really pumping and just making it really sort of a cultural norm for you and your team to bring in more people that are already on the team, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, to do that, I'll probably really start focusing on running some kind of, like, internal challenge for your team. You did that one about posting, didn't you?
Michael Cui: Yeah, so that's on at the moment. I'll just definitely be sending in, like, more constant reminders in there, because I only pushed that out last week. But, yeah, I think, like, similar to just talking to people about being more active in the chat in general, like, that's going to be something I'm going to have to, like.
Kyle Musca: Remind people about it as well. Yeah. Now, the other thing you could do here is, again, because social proof is so powerful, you could even jump on a call and extract testimonials from people by doing, basically having a conversation with them as a client success check-in type call. But especially the ones that have seen really great results and you know that are really happy with the level of service. And you might even want to pre-warn them that, hey, I do want to have a chat and everything. But I'll record it. So if, you know, I'll ask you a couple of questions on your experience and if it turns out bad and, you know, not having a good time, I'll use that to improve the level of service. But if you are really enjoying your time, you've seen really good results, then I'd love to use that for, you know, some like marketing purposes and everything like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. So someone who does this really well, do you know what I'm kind of like talking about here?
Michael Cui: Yeah. I've seen like Sage. do it as well. I've seen like a few other boys do it in the past too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, it's just an extra level of like content you can post. What the ? Mate. Now, your 3 a.m. wake up is the... I'm he switched his account. He might have taken them down. He used to just run these as like actual, what I assume is retarget ads. I'll see if he's got any of his phones. Now, if you're 40 or 50... It's been good. Glad to. It's been able to show me, probably use the word respect for it a little bit differently in terms of, you know, the counting of the calories and stuff, gives you that better understanding. What I thought was healthy before really, you know, isn't quite as good as what I've done. So learning more about food has been really good for me. Also, you know, that honesty with the coaching and the nightly coaching, I've liked that accountability of everything, the energy levels have been really good. are then? Yep, 100% different. I think I'm almost down to 10 kilo loss, but today I wore a, for the first time, a 8 kilo ruck vest. Oh, yeah, how'd it feel? . I said, I said, how the hell did it, like, I carried that plus two more kilo around for, it was, it wasn't good. But look, overall, you know, I don't have knee pain anymore, health is good. is all like really, well you've done, absolutely fantastic. Really strong things if people read them. Obviously, he does middle-aged women, so they're probably not going to be as, you know. Well-versed. But if you're speaking to like a younger 21-year-old, they should be pretty decent on a call like that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah, does that all make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just because the organic side of things is like tricky to grow, but I think it's probably not worth putting ad spend on where you're at at the moment. But I think that your content definitely continues to improve, which is fantastic. And your engagement is definitely improving. Like if you look at the style of content we're trying to post, that's really strong. That's really strong. I think you should definitely do more of them, which we spoke about. I wouldn't over-spend them maybe once a week or something.
Michael Cui: If you do them too often, they'll lose their effect. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And these ones, definitely, definitely, definitely. It seems to be the skinnier one.
Michael Cui: And also trying to get clients to reshare and tag you a little bit more as well. Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. I bet I really got it.
Michael Cui: Yeah, it's just a  post.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, man. Cool, bro. Is there anything else specifically you want to cover?
Michael Cui: Not really. I think I'll probably send it. I think we spoke about it last week, about giving clients my link as well, so that they can put it up on their story. I might send that out to a few people this week as well and try to get that actioned on their end too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Especially if there's people that post gym selfies and stuff a little bit more.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just be like, you know, and let's just reach out to them. Hey, man. I'm looking to take on a couple more clients for May. Obviously, you've been crushing it. Completely up to you, but if you do end up posting a gym selfie or anything like that this week, really appreciate it if you put this link up on your story with it. So if anyone is keen, they can just directly apply through there.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: I think that would – I'd be really keen to hear how that goes. So I definitely think, you know, make sure that gets done this week as well.
Michael Cui: Yeah, for sure. I'll push that out this week too.
Kyle Musca: And also that – I'd also be really keen to hear how the check-in thing goes if you do it at the start, if you do the referral thing at the start.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'll do that with all the check-ins this week coming as well.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, man. Is there anything else you want to sort of touch base on at all, Matt?
Michael Cui: Not really. I think, like, I'm pretty set in that sense. We'll just pump out yet another week and just – Do better at what we're already kind of doing, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It'd just be an execution optimization thing. It gets to a point where it's not necessarily about doing more. It's just about doing better. You know what mean? Yeah. I feel like we've got a really good foundation of what we're doing and now it's just about becoming known for doing that more often and establishing yourself and getting a foot in the door, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Awesome, man. All right. Well, enjoy the rest of your weekend, man. Keep me updated on those things because, again, I'm very interested to hear how they go. And, yeah, we'll go from there.
Michael Cui: Easy, guys, bro. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Cheers, man. Bye.
Michael Cui: See you.


>>> 193/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-06T04:05:20Z | id:143856011
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Arran Humphreys: Good man, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, how's things?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, not too bad, bro, yourself?
Kyle Musca: Not too bad. Not too bad. Pretty busy. Good. Cool, bro. So we will dive into things. How's this week been overall?
Arran Humphreys: Still pretty slow, bro, really. I just had one re-sign, so that was good. So I did another re-sign, so he finished up 12 weeks, and then I had another lad re-sign with just $100 reoccurring, so that was good. I've got three calls booked to serve, so that's nice. So see how that goes. One of them was, I just decided to go through all my old clients that have cancelled and might reach out to them, and then I got one of them to get on a call. So see how that goes. So yeah, hopefully you can get at least one close to serve, which would be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other two this afternoon, where'd they come from?
Arran Humphreys: So one of them's ad, and then one of them's a referral.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, nice. How many clients have been through A1 total, like active, expired?
Arran Humphreys: Oh. Yeah, a little Newey thing.
Kyle Musca: Have you always used Newey from the start?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, so.
Arran Humphreys: Expired. About 180, bro. They've got active 95. There's been 180 in total since like a year, like a year and a bit when I first started.
Kyle Musca: So the reason I asked for that is like one thing I'm trying now at the moment is I pulled through my lifetime clients or anyone that spent over like 500 bucks and re-added that into meta-programs. There's like a custom audience to go find like similar people to it. Oh, yeah. I only did that yesterday, but I'll see how it goes. Ideally, that should – so I'll run you through what I've been doing the last week. Ideally, that should find people. People that aren't just    and like, you know, in terms of buying behavior, job status, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Now, one thing I'm trying on your account, I'm not trying just on your account, I'm doing this on my account as well, is this is what I was talking about. So if we come into something like this, obviously there's that massive discrepancy between, you know, all these  just messaging through versus people actually getting to it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That was real  sober. Reason for that, luckily your account allows us to do it, is because the performance goal for most people is set to maximize number of conversions. Now, that's how it's auto set. Some people don't even have the option to change it because I go through different accounts and everything like that. Luckily, yours is. So, So what I've done now is, especially with these new campaigns, so we're going to do a job title one and broad one. I just launched these yesterday,  all the old ones off. The difference there is now we can do maximized number of leads through messaging. So it's going to optimize around, it should theoretically optimize, around the actual lead and not count just the people that click on the ad.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So the only issue with that is that short-term, it might be confused about where to find these leads.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because so many of these  counts, right? But theoretically, over time, it should optimize a lot better. Does that make sense?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Anything specifically you're struggling with that you want to cover today?
Arran Humphreys: It's just lead flow at the moment, bro. Like, it's sort of even organic and everything's just sort of  died on its . I think that's our biggest thing is trying to get leads coming through again consistently, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I've noticed this across pretty much every Australian's account. Like, even Bree, for example, even mine, like, I haven't experienced, well, I spend a lot more on ads, to be fair. But, like, the quality of guys is just  real flaky. Even Bree's, you know, she went from having 15 to 20 calls booked a week to having zero, right? So it's definitely impacting, like, everyone in Australia. Hence why I think we should probably try some US ads.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I wouldn't, it's just part of it, unfortunately. It's just environmental, economic things. We're following you. Thank One thing that, yeah, so the other thing I'm going to start doing as well, how's your show up, Ray?
Arran Humphreys: It's not too bad. It's actually, let me think, like, where have got it? Like last week, last week we had all of them show up. Week before, it wasn't as good. Like it was six booked, two showed. Week before, six booked, five showed. So it fluctuates a little bit.
Kyle Musca: So it's, it's not horrendous, right?
Arran Humphreys: No.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I'm going to start doing, I've done this in the past, but do you have any video testimonials of clients?
Arran Humphreys: Well, so that's what I did today, Ray. So I, I just sent out to all my good clients that have been with me for a while in transformation, like a script. I sort of want them to do, and then I said, I'll send you $150 if you make up a little video for me, and they're all going to do that for me.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Typically, you don't need to, probably wouldn't give them that money. Maybe you give them like two weeks of coaching free or something. I wouldn't give them money for something like that. Simply because most guys, like if they're not used to being on camera, it will come off . Like if it comes up , you know, crisp hours, and it's like, yeah, it's worth it, but most guys probably not. The other option you can do there, and you might even want to get them to do both, because they don't realize it, is jump on a call with them, just pre-record it, and then ask them loaded questions, and then just get an editor to clean it up.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, for example, like this is one I did with my last challenge winner. I feel like a million bucks, so it was good, man, just having the group there and having Kyle, like messaging me all the time. And getting on a call once a week and stuff like that. It was just nice to find some accountability and wanted someone there to sort of guide me. And he helped me out heaps, man. I can't think he's enough, really. I feel like I get a lot of progress sometimes and then I just... So this one went for like three, four minutes. So what I've told my editor to do is just make one where it's a minute max and then make a couple of the best parts where it's like 10 to 20 to 30 seconds.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So just because for a lot of guys, they're going to be better on a call like this than they are just recording it. Like I've got guys that are pre-recorded I can show you, but they're just ... It comes up real average for most people.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah. Yeah, that's fine. Have you ever run ads like of the client's testimonials? Because I've been talking to a few lads and they reckon they get pretty good like cost per like when it's a real good  when it's a good... They're talking and then you're... You bring up the transformation and .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's what I was going to say. I wouldn't use it as a front-end direct ad, but what I would do is we can do a retarget ad to anyone that has messaged you in like the last seven days, for example. So one, if the guys are, you know, mid-conversation, maybe they're, you know, at work or whatever, and it takes them a while to reply, then they're constantly seeing this to hype them up about it. Two, if they're booked a call, then they're all like leading up to the call, the idea is theoretically they just continue seeing social proof, which one helps them to convert better, but also helps to improve show-up rate because it's constant top of mind.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't run, like, I mean, if it came up, if someone did a really, really good one, you know, yeah, you could run it as an ad theoretically, but like just a lot of people won't, especially dudes.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah. I'll suppose, I'll just see if any come up. Good, then go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could get creative about it, you know what mean? Like, you could do a direct response out yourself, like, and say something like, look, I could sit here and tell you how great I am, but, you know, I'll let the results speak for themselves, and then, again, you'd probably wear it better, but then it's like a quick thing of... I feel like a million bucks, though. It was good, man. Just having the group there, and having Kyle, like, messaging me all the time, and getting on a call once a week, and stuff like that, it was just nice to learn some accountability, and wanted someone there to sort of guide me, and he helped me out heaps, man. I can't think he's enough, really. Yeah, maybe something like that. But even then, that's still, like, 15 seconds, which adds a pretty big chunk to the video.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, the biggest thing with... So, it's kind of hard to, like, run... These are good for, like, middle of funnel type of buyers closing into the bottom of funnel when they're about to convert. It's not really good at bringing people in because, one, again, like the person viewing the ad should know exactly what the ad is in the first five seconds. What's it about? How does it apply to them? Is it worth their time? If they don't see that, which is very hard to get out of a video social testimonial, then they don't give a . You know what mean? Like they're just going to keep scrolling.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: So, definitely think we can use it as a retarget for sure. The good thing about the retarget as well is it's super  cheap. It's like $2 per ad per day. Yeah, like $10 a day. You know what mean? Like nothing. You probably don't even need to spend that much, to be honest, but.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah. Yeah. No, well, that'll be a good thing if I can get that into the, get them backed up.
Kyle Musca: and these are good as well because like what you can do is. see. see. You just sort of say like, hey, man, I'd love to just jump on with you. Just have a chat about, you know, how you find the program, your experience, and just, you know, anything I can do to sort of whatever. Basically, you treat it as a client success check-in call, which the client themselves will feel good about because it seems like you genuinely care. You'll be able to extract information out of them that can be useful for you. You know what mean? Like what ultimately made you decide to even want to get a coach? You know what mean? Like ask them questions to sort of do a bit of market research as well, see if you can pick up any patterns. And then again, just ask them loaded questions. You know what mean? Like I guess what's been the biggest win of the program so far?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Just like things that you can, you know, that you can get a decent response out of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've toyed with the idea. haven't probably tried this. I've toyed with it. But maybe even sending them like a list of questions you're going to ask them beforehand. I mean, like, and just. They're like, look, man, I'll record the call. If you give me some feedback on how to improve it, then I'll take that on board and apply. If you give me some really good feedback on your experience on the program, I'll just get my editor to clean it up and might even use that as some marketing stuff if you're okay with that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you send them like maybe, again, a list of questions like what's your biggest win so far or whatever so they can kind of like think about it and give a better answer. On the call, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But you'll see with guys pre-recording it, they're real  awkward. Like for whatever reason, as soon as like a camera comes out, most people just get real iffy on it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's definitely an whole worth paying them. Does that all make sense, man?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. So with the ad campaigns too, bro, like I was wondering like, do you think it's worth, instead of... Instead of... of... Of doing the one campaign with heaps and heaps of like say graphics to test on, would it be better to run a few different campaigns with like five in each and then they all get more spend quicker to learn what one's good?
Kyle Musca: No, because what will happen there, so basically how the Andromeda update, so what used to, how it used to be set up is like you'd have the campaign and then you'd have the ad set, which is the targeting, and then you'd have the ad itself. And you, what used to be the case is you would do that where it'd be one campaign and then inside, so let's say we're doing, we're trying to target tradies, for example, in this campaign. And then inside the ad set, every single ad set would have, I would do one ad set, one ad per ad set to split, spend evenly. You could do theoretically like two to three, but I always just did one to make sure it tests evenly. you. And then you basically pick a winner out of that. With the Andromeda update that happened, it relies heavily on AI. So it's like if you started to do that now, essentially you'd just be auctioning against yourself. So the same ads would be competing against each other, which would make your cost per lead go much higher. And there'd be a lot of audience overlap. So it's like a lot of people would get smashed with the same ads.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So the idea is that the Andromeda update is meant to make it easier to find a winner based off, I guess, their algorithms and everything like that. you know, who's more likely to buy, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Again, I do think it's probably worth testing US because it's just a bad time for Australia. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.-hmm. Yeah. And the people I have running ads in the U.S. are doing well. Like my U.S. cost per lead has always been, you know, less than my Australian one, especially now.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Well, yeah, I've got a script coming through. The editor reckons it'll be done by tonight. So that's another two that'll be good. That will be able to run up as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And you'll see here as well. So this is my ad account. Um, so you'll see, like, I have two Australian ones. This is that one I created yesterday. Another job title one. But you'll see, like, the difference here. Like, the cost per lead in U.S. is basically half. Yeah. I've moved up a bit now. But half. One thing I'm actually trying recently, it only launched this the other day, but it was actually a UAE one. So we'll see how that goes.
Arran Humphreys: going to to side. going I'm Oh, yeah. Yeah, sick.
Kyle Musca: And then I have two US ones. Both the US ones seem to be doing pretty well.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: But you can see, yeah, I won't even turn that one off. Because you can see here the difference between, because this is the same audience, I won't even turn that off now. But that was the cost permit, the message optimization, and then that was the lead, whereas this is just lead.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah. So for that one, but like, so, because that's still cheaper cost per lead, so what, why would you turn that one off? So yeah, that one's like 32, and then the other one's 34.
Kyle Musca: So, good question. The reason for that specifically is because this is a newer campaign. Campaign, right? Whereas this one has had a lot more spend on it. Like this is only has spent $240, whereas this is in the last seven days spent, you know, $1,200 essentially. They're only $2 difference, but this one is optimized around leads, which means that this should theoretically get better in time. The other thing is this is a campaign level overview, which doesn't really tell the whole story. So like if come in here, now you'll see, oh, well, videos are performing at $31, whereas the videos are performing at $34, right? And then this has had twice the spent essentially. And then you come into, so the further you go, the more accurate view you get. So it's like technically this is running at $28 per lead, but because it's taking into consideration these other little spends that it's had, then at the ad set level, it's creeped up to $31, and then at the campaign level, it's taking in both those spends, so it's creeped up to $34.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so again, this is the optimization metric, whereas before and what was happening on everyone's account, basically, this must be a real new feature that I've because I've never seen this before and I've looked extensively for it. So, this was the optimization. This was why, especially for someone like your account, it's so  because you just get a bunch of   that messaged through on it and then it just gets hyper-aggressively targeted on that. It does not care about that at all or it does a little bit, but like if this is a real strong indicator. So, yeah, this is a real strong indicator and this is what it's going to base most of it off, like most of it's like targeting off. It will take this into consideration, but if this is like for your account, for example, well overdone, like overpowering, then it's basically just going to ignore that.
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And as time goes... If on and you spend more money on ads and the ad account becomes more, I guess, established, then theoretically it should continue to find more and more people like that. So we want it to optimize more around leads because it will remember that data.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Now that makes sense. Like, do you feel like at the moment, because obviously I need to fix  something because it's just sort of dying off. Do you think I just need to keep just trying different, different ads, just more of the actual ad, but just keep pumping content or?
Kyle Musca: I think for you, oh, , that's not what I meant to do. I think for you, it's definitely worth, oh, that's okay. Definitely, definitely worth looking to try some US ones.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Um... I mean, theoretically, you could even  potentially try UAE. I've never tried UAE, so it's like I wouldn't, you know, confidently say for you to do it. But like so far, that's looking, you know, $18 cost per litre is really good. And, you know, when I went to the UAE, I was actually really surprised with how many active people there were. Like the gyms are busier than any normal gym I've been to in Australia.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, at this point, bro, like I'm  happy to try anything because it, you know, because this week we had a few sales, but last week when we didn't have a call, like I had no sales at all.
Kyle Musca: So I just want to try and  get something moving, you know what mean? Yeah. Yeah, I was doing some research into that. I'm like certain it's pretty much the fear in the market because like even like I was looking at, I can't remember specifically what it was, but like ComBank, one of the big banks essentially tracks buying behavior and spending behavior. And everything like that. And. Overall, it's seen a pretty significant drop across the board, and people are obviously very scared. So people that are scared don't buy anything.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, you know, again, another reason probably. Like for me, to be honest, like I'm ideally focusing more on breaking into the US market. And if that works, I might even just like move over to the US because there's a lot more opportunity and  there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: So like Australia is a small market. only 28 million. There's only, I think, 17 million actual citizens or something like that. You know what I mean? So it's like 10 of those million probably aren't even going to be in a position to buy. Then you're only focusing on men. You know, so it's a very small market size compared to something like the US, which has 300 million people and a much larger economy and a much better buying behavior, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that does make sense. Well, yeah, man, like I'll even, I've got the one good script that's ready, and then I'll just do another  three this week, get graphics made, and then try that as well. Just try and run that up. What's the UAE? Is that pounds, or is that kilos?
Kyle Musca: Kilos. Oh, they're a bit weird. They kind of use both.
Arran Humphreys: It's  confusing when you're there, because a lot of signs will be like kilometers, and then like the car will be in miles, and then you're like, what the ? Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I just went with kilos, I don't know, to be honest. But like, they've got so much immigrants and stuff there. A lot of them are coming from, you know, UK, Australia, and everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: So it's just, they operate in kilos. Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I have a breakdown of these, we'll have a review of these. Most blokes believe building a wide chest, broad shoulders, and arms that actually fill out a shirt requires more training sessions. If you're allowed to work... See, I like that because it's like we're five seconds in. I already know what you're talking about.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man. It's 10 hours plus a day. More training. Good. You've used a numerical value to even call out the person you want to speak to. Actually be working against you. If that sounds interesting to you, listen up. When you already have major stress factors in your life, like a physically demanding job, a busy home life, and organising a family, but you go stack hard training on top without a system to track your recovery and fuel going into your body, there's no wonder you burn out every couple of weeks. Your body responds like it's under chronic stress. It floods with cortisol. This stress hormone suppresses your natural testosterone. It's going to leave you feeling flat, , and unmotivated. In worse cases, there's studies that show that cortisol can bond to receptors in your stomach and actually make you store fat. I've seen this with hundreds of blokes who were showing up, eating clean, putting into work, but they still... Had nothing to show for it. They were doing too much and their body couldn't handle it. Once we gave them a plan to prioritize their nutrition and recovery, not just training, the results started coming and they came in fast. The blokes at work couldn't handle it. They were doing too much and their body couldn't handle it. Eating clean, putting in the work, but they still had nothing to show for it. They were doing too much and their body couldn't handle it. Once we gave them a plan to prioritize their nutrition and... what i would do for you is i would go create a folder so like for me for example i have oh my gosh bro i have a folder of yeah like all client transformations that are like somewhat decent to be honest i didn't put somewhat decent anymore but then i have like a
Arran Humphreys: A one of... Deadly ones. Yeah, I did that. I did that for him. And I think I didn't even watch this one, but the other script, I know he changed it and they look  heaps deadly. So I was like, oh, cool. So now I'm just going to tell him to use that folder from now on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so he can handle it. Once we gave him... Even with him, I want to go tell him to change these.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, it's not to say this is a bad transformation, but it's like that to me. Like if I was... A pessimistic  looking at this, you know what mean? Like, oh, that's not good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You want it to be like undoubtedly like, holy .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Trition and recovery, not just training. The results started coming and they came in fast. The blokes I work with stop feeling wrecked after training every day and they start building a body they actually are proud of while gaining energy and confidence back to each training session.
Arran Humphreys: So if you're... But I know for a fact you have like even better ones than those. Yeah, yeah. We're ready.
Kyle Musca: If you to make a change and you genuinely want to build that athletic, strong physique that you're chasing, DM me the word shred and we'll get you going today. Now, this isn't for blokes who are wanting to  around and not put in the word. If you're genuinely ready to give it a crack, DM me the word shred and I'll reach out. Yeah, so those videos have come up.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, there's even a shorter version when I don't yap on about the cortisol and . It of just goes  straight into it as well. So a few different ones in there and that, I'm pretty sure.
Kyle Musca: Most blokes believe building a wide chest, broad shoulders, and arms that actually fill out a shirt requires more training. Yeah, so anyway, you're definitely getting a lot better at doing these ads, which is fantastic.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, 58 seconds.
Kyle Musca: Most blokes believe building a wide chest, broad shoulders, and arms that actually fill out a shirt requires more training sessions. If you're allowed, he works 10 hours. 20 plus a day, more training could actually be working against you. If that sounds interesting to you, listen up. I've seen this with hundreds of blokes who were showing up, eating clean, putting into work, but they still had nothing to show for it. They were doing too much and their body couldn't handle it. Once we gave them a plan that prioritized their nutrition, EMP. Yeah, so I'm definitely going change that. Yeah, just crazy  transmissions.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. In recovery, not just training, the results started coming and they came in fast. Now, before I start anything, I get on a call with you personally. We run through your stress load, how much training you actually can do, and your nutritional needs. The blokes I work with stop feeling wrecked after training every day, and they start building a body they are actually proud of while gaining energy and confidence back each training session. So if you're ready to make a change, and you genuinely want to build that athletic, strong physique that you're chasing, DM me the word shred, and we'll get you going today. Now, this isn't for blokes, you're one and a... Nice. So they can't be...
Arran Humphreys: So this should be just the same. This will be the same script, but just different hooks.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right.
Arran Humphreys: Go ahead.
Kyle Musca: Is there just two ads?
Arran Humphreys: So, yeah, he's  it up here because I've told him that I told him to change it and he's made another lot. So I'll go through then. I'll delete the ones that I want you to use. I didn't realize he left them both in because I needed him to make two different short versions, if that makes sense. Because he's just done something  here. But I think if you click on the R, there should be the, what were we in before?
Kyle Musca: I went both.
Arran Humphreys: Why did you?
Kyle Musca: Oh.
Arran Humphreys: Because I'm in a different location, so we'll be able to tell pretty quick.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no, this one might be different.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, this is it.
Kyle Musca: If you're a hardworking bloke. and you're tired of feeling flat, unmotivated, and quite frankly, just like  every single day, this is for you. Here's the truth no one wants to say. The reason you keep restarting has nothing to do with how bad you want it or lack of motivation. You've just been following a plan that's not suited for your lifestyle. Now, I'm no stranger to a busy lifestyle with over 250 transformations from lads over all aspects of life, whether you're a pilot, a lady, you work in the office all day. Our average weight loss is over 11 kilos in 12 weeks' time. Now, all these results you see on the screen have one thing in common. They all came to me feeling like their plan was not going to work with their lifestyle. They've been burned before, tried other coaches, and quite frankly, they just thought they didn't have the time. We fixed that with our A1 performance structured guidelines, okay? We've built this design for people with busy lives. If you're ready to make a change, DM me the word A1 and we'll get you going today. Nice, man. I like that one.
Arran Humphreys: That's real good. Yeah, I was pretty happy with that one, eh?
Kyle Musca: The other style of, because you've got crazy transformations. The type of ad that I reckon would work. Worked well for years. You would have seen him. You would have seen Eric, yeah?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So again, come down April 14th, 2nd of March even, 14th of March, 21st of Feb, 21st of Feb, 21st of Feb, 13th of March, yeah. So, you know that your life would be better in a thousand different ways if you decided to no longer be a Fath. You know that, but you can't be training, dieting, who can be Fathom, so you are going to throw another week down the toilet as if you've just got an endless amount of these weeks still to come. You're going to live forever, yeah? So what's the rush? Throw another week down. There is a ton of guys who are deciding to start today, to get their act together, to no longer be a factor from today. Most of those guys, the ones who are going to try this by themselves, or the ones who are going to try it with basically any other coach on the planet, because none of them seem to know what they're doing. Those boys are going to fail, but the boys who are starting with us today, they're going to succeed. And in 12 weeks, they're going to that.
Arran Humphreys: I was looking at, I was looking at, as well, this is what the idea was going to do, that prime, prime train or something, if you search him up on there, he's got one. I think that's what he's called.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd be interested to see how he...
Arran Humphreys: Because one of them, this one here, 3rd of May, or this one on the right here.
Kyle Musca: This is day one, this is week 10. This is day one, this is week 10. This is day one, and this is week 10. We keep doing it. We've got thousands of transformations from thousands of blokes. If you guys want structure, consistency, and accountability inside a one-to-one coaching program, you need to click the link below and let's get started today. This is day one. This is week 10.
Arran Humphreys: Because I think he works with this Keenan dude or whatever his name is, and he was doing them as well. So they must have worked for him. So I was like, all right, I've got some pretty sick transformations I can do.
Kyle Musca: He also runs them on Facebook, which is curious. So it's just taking me there. Yeah, it keeps saving me  Facebook, which is, yeah, cool. So, yeah, a lot of them aren't. Yeah, I'd be interested. Just to see how he goes. I just don't see his audience being that good. But anyway, the individual ones he does, this guy does. At this point, man, I don't... At this point, man, what... Where is it, you? 13 weeks, 17 kilos gone. That is not a picture of a bloke who's lost 17 kilos. That is a picture of two completely different lives. I want you to imagine seeing that version of Dan on the left, before he came to us, in front of you, at the pool or at the beach. How would people be treating him? What's his aura like? Would you even notice him? Now I want you to imagine seeing the version on the right, again, in front of you, at the pool or at the beach. So the good thing... How would people be treating him?
Arran Humphreys: So what he's doing well in this ad is he's coming from identity.
Kyle Musca: Because that's what people... And status. Status is the main thing, main reason people buy. The thing about any transaction you make, realistically, is dependent on status.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like you don't buy a Ferrari because it gets you from point A to point B, like your  Toyota Corolla can do that, right? You buy a Ferrari so other people perceive you better, higher status.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: Right? So what he's talking about right now is like I want you to imagine seeing this guy because people can see themselves when they see that guy at the pool. No one would look, but he's not insulting. You know, if you said like no one's going to notice you at the pool, you're a fat . You know, people take offense to that. But if you're using like this guy as an example, people see themselves in that and they agree with it because they're not being directly like a vended.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? Like I want you to imagine, you know, this guy at the pool, you probably wouldn't even notice him. He'd be insecure. Taking his shirt off the beach, he'd probably sit on the sidelines and sit in the shade and make an excuse that he just doesn't want to go in the water. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, But you're also kind of telling a story at the same time. Yeah, okay, I can try that. I'll try and pump a few of them out as well.
Kyle Musca: Stories are really, also really, really important because stories are really easy for the brain to digest. You know what When you tell stats and, you know, all this other , the brain has to use a lot of energy to comprehend what you're talking about. But a story is easily memorable. Okay. So it's like, you could even frame it as like, you know, this guy came to me. This guy came to me. This guy came to me feeling defeated. You know, he was insecure about his weight. He'd have already gone to the beach because he knew he'd have to take his shirt off. And when his kids finally dragged him to the beach, he made excuses that he just wanted to sit in the shade. Hey, because he didn't feel like going for a swim. We all know that's a lie, right?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Okay, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: And you've got some crazy transmissions, so like this is where this would really work out.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: What's this for all? But also notice here, it hasn't talked about like, not to say that's talking about like, you know, structure and  training. has its place, but like, he's not talking about that in this at all.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That is a picture of two completely different lives. And we took Dan from one to the other in just 13 weeks. You've seen plenty of these from me by now. I don't know what it is that you're waiting for, but there's a brand new life waiting for you. And it's probably a lot closer than you think. Click the link above or below. Let's get to work. 13. Yeah, man. No one's the program of structure or anything like that.
Arran Humphreys: The whole video was just about that. Yeah, yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, you see a result like that, 47 kilos go on 38 weeks, and you probably think to yourself, that must take so much effort. Let me explain something to you, man. If you're already going to the gym a couple of times a week, if you're already paying attention to what you eat, like you're not just grabbing Kit Kats and Big Macs every night, you're paying some attention to what you eat, if you're doing those two things, then you're already putting in all the effort that's required to achieve a result like that. The only problem for you is, all that effort is currently being put into dumb . You've got no idea what you're doing in the gym. You've got no idea what you're doing with diet. You're just winging it. All we need to do is take that effort that you're currently putting in and just point it in the right direction. That's all we do. And in doing so, we create results like that and like every other result that you've seen from me. Quit wasting your time. Link is there. Let's get to work.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: We need to create this as well. Just come to Ad Library.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is you don't need a professional videographer and everything like this.
Arran Humphreys: Nah, I've got a pretty good camera now anyway, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because the focus is on the transformation, you know what mean? Like, you don't want to be moving around and cause distraction and everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Nah, that's easy, man. I can do that. And I'll just keep pumping up because, you know, that's my main thing at the moment, bro. I just need to get some  traction coming to him again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it will come. Like, again, it's just the ship here. Have you done much with the masterclass?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so I've got like two I'd sent in to the editor to do the... Um, make the slides up for me and . So I did one for like, um, one for like, while you're out on site, fatigue, and, um, then it talked about like, you know, you're training, overtraining, and then your nutrition is your fuel and  like that. So it should come up pretty good. Um, and then I just did another one about like, um, the fundamentals of like building a physique instead of like actually building like, you know, an aesthetic sort of physique because that's what a lot of people say they want when they come to me. So I thought that'd be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Come out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. Beautiful. Um, to be honest, I would even just like create educational ones that, I mean, start with these, but like, uh, that's something I would probably look to add to just your overall coaching and everything like that, man. Like just build out a course. Just give it away for free. People don't  watch, people don't watch that  when it's free. They don't value it, but they like, they value that you put so much effort into it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, like, like, if you go on AlexMosey'sacquisition.com, he's got three, four different courses that, you know, most people would charge probably 50 grand for. Have you watched them?
Arran Humphreys: Nah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, but they're there. But because he gives that away for free, you just instantly think of like, oh, , he's the man.
Arran Humphreys: And the talk, like, you know what mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's like, if he's going to put this much effort into giving away for something, something for free, I mean, imagine what he's like, coaching would be like. And then you see all the social proof, you're like, oh, , like, he's obviously putting a lot of effort in, giving away a lot of great value. His clients are getting great results. It's like, there's just so much evidence there that you're the guy for the job.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I keep going.
Kyle Musca: How do you feel content has been?
Arran Humphreys: I've been  pumping that much out, bro, but it just doesn't seem to be bringing in much organically either. So I'm going to just try and pump more and more social proof, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: As well.
Kyle Musca: I think, yeah, definitely social proof. Someone who's quite good at this. I think you should just do more talking to head ones. Like I think just Instagram. It doesn't have to be reaction ones. I'll show you what I mean in a second here. like Dan Martell does quite good content for business.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But stuff like this. It's a starting investment. Price makes people think cost, investment makes them think value. Stop saying discounts and start giving bonuses instead. We don't want to cheapen our product by discounting our price. Stop saying problem and start saying challenge. Stop saying hurry and use the words like limited. Hurry.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: IGBT, D, what the 's that? A, it's awesome, it's not S, it's slow sometimes. You know, to me, like when I was watching these, I think these, sorry, when I was watching these, I just thought like these would be so easy to make.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But they also don't seem like real gimmicky and gay. Like, you know, when people do this, like, not to throw shade or anything, like, but like sometimes when Brian Mark does them, it's just like, oh, that's  cringe. Yeah. Like when he does them, they just seem like kind of like a lot more authentic and not so, I mean, so he's someone I actually like that style of content on. The meeting status, make sure you use these tools. For content creation, make sure you use these tools. For the business owners. In the crowd, make sure you use these tools. For tap, tap, tapping in writing, make sure you use these tools. For look... You know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other one is... Let's just go with this for the sake of the argument, but... Because what you could do here, this is something I haven't tried, but I saw Gary Vanderchuck, whatever the  his name is, Gary V, talk about it. Because what you could do is you could go and you could screenshot this, and you could just start with the talking, head, one with the background, the screen background. So what I was talking, I'll show you what I'm talking about. I don't know how recent the video was. You have to  what your mom thinks about what career you're doing. Tell her to shut the  up and anyone who does. How can I keep? It's more recent. You have an amazing vision. Do you think you're good at managing? Thank you. Okay. Okay. I tried... 600? When you die? Anyway, so yeah, essentially, because if you weren't on your phone, that'll obviously be on your phone screen. You could just  screen each other. Be like, um, that was posted in May 2024, but...
Arran Humphreys: I'm on that's recent, and then just talk about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's, you know, it's new. It's something different. You know what I mean? Like, you don't see that very often when you're scrolling.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: You've got to make sure it's relevant to your audience. it's like something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. No, I get the sort of... You could even  have images or something like that. Yeah, just run over it a bit. Just a bit of a pattern interrupt.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. No, that's fine. You can do that. But yeah, I'm just trying to ... You can do See what I can do to try and get something moving.
Kyle Musca: Just because I would get back into the reaction style videos, to be honest, if I was you. Like things seem to be doing well when you're doing them. Because realistically, if you think of them, because you can make them value-driven and everything like that. If you go on my account, you see I don't really make jokes and  about things anymore because it's like I don't want to bring in those types of people. But like those are realistically your top of funnel type of  content pieces, just to get people onto your page, grow your following, everything like that. Then you have, you know, the physique ones that you already do, which are good. And then you can have some more like.
Arran Humphreys: I do some like this one here on the left of that photo of me in the mirror go down. One more. That is a reaction video, but I just.
Kyle Musca: The other thing that actually that just sparks my mind there is, is I would try and stick to like one or two different types of contents instead of like switching it up a lot. Because what happens is like if you switch it up, like you go from this, that was good, I like that one, you know, to these types of ones. The other comparison of, etc, etc, etc. The algorithm will get confused on who it should show it to.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like I would almost limit. The type of content you're doing to maybe two or three different ones.
Arran Humphreys: To me, these ones just don't – these are your lowest performing ones from what I can say.
Kyle Musca: Critically analyze and come back and look at what you're doing. And it's like if something is just not working, just stop trying to beat your head against the wall to make it work if that makes sense. Because that's what I did when I was doing the more effort gym educational ones because I was like, well, you know, people are going to find more value out of this. But again, that's just not the case. Like if it's just not working, then it's not working.
Arran Humphreys: There's no point, you know, doing it. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, can tell me. No, you're all right.
Kyle Musca: You know?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, I get you. I get you.
Kyle Musca: So – So I'm just switching it up a bit too much. I would say so. Because if you come back down to just it up bit much. know, You Yeah. In saying that, though, like, I also think that if you're going to do those ones and you want to, like, try, you know, these style ones, someone who's doing, does this really well is Alex Gamble. You've probably seen Alex Gamble.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, I've seen him, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? But he does them real simple, you know what mean? And he's very, to do these properly, you have to be very visual.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Here's the easiest breaking meal prep to get 41 grams of protein in two minutes. One of the biggest cut loss mistakes I see. And then just, again, really analyze why it works. Easy meal prep to get. Here's the easiest breaking meal prep to get 41 grams of protein in two minutes. What? Yeah, so easy meal prep. So people love easy . 41 grams of protein, numerical figure, in two minutes. Short amount.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Tell them exactly what it is that you're about to show them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then he made the cut to film the next thing. One of the biggest fat loss mistakes I see is trying to make your schedule fit into your diet. If you don't get paid to eat- But he's constantly doing something to look at, if that makes sense, while he's talking.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's what I said, too.
Kyle Musca: When we come to- if we analyse that with your one. If you're a bit of a fat , maybe get some chopsticks. We've been in Japan for about a week now. I- Like, that just doesn't If you're a bit of a fat , maybe- Draw me in, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, there's not enough going on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, I think the hook's funny. But, like, most people, you know, seeing you that don't know you and stuff, they're like, it's gone. These are my top three breakfast choices, depending on your goals. If you're trying to lose weight, light aeroplane jelly with Yopro yogurt. And Frozen Mixed Berries. This is while you're traveling. It's also hard to do. To be honest, if you're going to be traveling and stuff like that, that's why I think the just  talking to head ones are the best way to go. Because that's all I could really rely on when I was traveling.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I also think the photos do well for you as well.
Arran Humphreys: I would try and do more carousels and . But I , I don't know if that, like, it'd bring in heaps of chicks and that. These photos and, like,  Indians. And I was like, I don't know if this is going to  my account.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, chicks aren't too bad. Indians, if they're  annoying. It's, you know what mean? Because people want to, you know, again, essentially that's just  cell.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah, that's true. The hidden mister photos. Like, all these ones from Bali went off their head. But then sometimes they don't do Because you're living on lifestyle.
Kyle Musca: You're shredded and you're  in a beach and everything like that. People, you know, want that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's like, yeah, you can see, like, every time you do these, they just don't get as much engagement as some of the other stuff you do. You know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, so I think, yeah, you can.
Arran Humphreys: All these are good because it's on my missus' account. She's  blown up her account.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: crazy. She's got, like, 10 million views on their account.
Kyle Musca: Oh, really?
Arran Humphreys: Oh my god, I need a little bit of that over here.
Kyle Musca: Start clapping.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that's what I think I'm going to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like they just don't have that virality aspect to them. I think these are great. For sure.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I would probably...
Arran Humphreys: I feel like that's what I've been trying to find, like something that... That's why I try so many different , to find something that I can just  replicate. That just pops off every time. Like I've just been trying different  to find that thing. You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but... I guess that's where it comes back to like... You can keep trying different . Like if you're repeating... One, if you're repeating the same thing that's not working. And then you just end up wasting your time. And it also depends on, like, see, yeah. The main two types of content that I see doing really well are the physique ones that you already do, which are great, like the trendy sort of audio ones.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And reactions to some degree. Like, someone I could see you doing quite similar stuff to is probably, you know, this guy.
Arran Humphreys: Have you seen this guy? Yeah, yeah, I've seen this guy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I he's the same, kind of same as me. Like, all he does is just react to . Guys, guys, I loved Europe. So you ended that type of content.
Arran Humphreys: didn't  all from. Yeah, right. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I went to Europe. The best way that you can do you need to be certified in order to become an online fitness. The reason they work is like, and it can be just a video. doesn't have to be a reaction video type thing. But like, there's always something visual about it.
Arran Humphreys: You know what mean? Yeah, something going on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because people just have  attention spans. You know what mean? If there's nothing to look at, that just keeps rolling.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Now, that makes sense. That makes sense. But, yeah, well, that's what I'm going to try. I'll try and work on getting more of that out. Start pumping that. And, yeah, it's just, yeah. So you think at the moment, bro, with the ads, it's not, there's nothing else we sort of can grab at. Maybe just try the US. So audience, try the UAE.
Kyle Musca: I would try to go US first because I haven't tried UAE enough.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I think, and again, we'll just see if this Leeds thing pulls in a little bit better for us, especially with the videos. Try and get the videos fixed today because I already sent that link to my media buyer, but he usually doesn't get on until like the afternoon. So probably have a few hours, but try and get it done, is that? Or just let me know if it's not done yet and I'll just tell them to hold up. US, I would probably start with. And UAE is  pretty easy. Like, it's the same as Australia in terms of like the message can be the same and . So it's like we can try it, but I'm just not confident enough to properly say if it's worth it yet or not.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But yeah, see how we go. It wouldn't be bad because I do want to  move over there. So if  worked, that'd be sick. You had to be a pumpkin diver. diver.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's not bad. It's just a  time period in Australia. But in saying that, I guess it's put pressure on you, understandably. But then because of that, and you've just been pumping out ads so much, your ad quality has improved literally every single week that you've been recording.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, you only really have the desire to get better when you're under that sort of pressure to do so. So it's like, you know, it feels  when you're in it, but then like, it will pay dividends once things just calm the  down a bit.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. No, that's fair. And so your media buyer sets them up in that, hey? So has he always set it up or did you use to set them up?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. he's always set them up. But he only like, because it's just real tedious, because it's just like duplicating, like duplicating the ad, changing the  video, changing the caption. It's just tedious  work.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: But then I like manage and scale them and everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, okay. No, that's fine, bro. I was just saying, because obviously, like, he probably doesn't know the audience like you do, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: I send him all the audience and send him the structure and everything to set it up. He just goes and actually just does it.
Arran Humphreys: Does it? Yeah, yeah. Okay. No, that's fine. That's fine. But, yeah, bro, I'll get them, I'll send him just to change those two transformations on those ones. And then I should have another two lot ready to go as well from this other dude by tomorrow, hopefully, you said.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then I'll get on some calls, try and get some video testimonials, get them edited up as well. And then go on Ads Library and have a look at people like, you know, the Physique Factory guy and stuff like that to Suss doing some like that. Because you've got some crazy transmissions that I think could be utilized better.
Arran Humphreys: yeah. Okay. Yep. Yep. I'll get that going ASAP.
Kyle Musca: Hopefully, yeah, mate.
Arran Humphreys: Even.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, bro. All right. Well, man, keep me updated. How do you go? And then I'll chat to you soon. Righto, brother. I'll talk soon. Righto, mate. Cheers.


>>> 194/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-06T04:54:21Z | id:143859823
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro.
Ben Moore: How's going? How's going, mate?
Kyle Musca: What's going on?
Ben Moore: Ah,  all, mate. all.
Kyle Musca: Just living the dream, mate. Yeah. Nice.
Ben Moore: Nice. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. All right. We'll dive into things.
Ben Moore: How's this week been overall? Pretty good, actually. Had a good week. Yeah, three clients already this week. So we're on track to hit five again. We've got one more call, Savo. And then I think we've got a full day booked out tomorrow. And then I've got one on Friday. I've had to cut Fridays off because of check-ins. They just get hectic. So that's kind of the bottleneck, I think, for us now is getting someone in to help out with the coaching, I think, will be the next thing is because that is kind of the thing on the back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I reckon do, because that is the utmost priority at the moment, like you're definitely running that ceiling close. What I would do like straight after this. Cool, man, is I would jump on Indeed and I would just put a job post up. think you'll find some really good candidates through that that have worked with Jim Floor if you just basically say you're looking for a PT.
Ben Moore: Yep. Yep. Okay. Yeah. Cool, cool, cool. Yeah. I'll do that indeed. All right. I'm going to throw it up on Instagram as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely chuck some stuff up on Instagram. If worst comes to worst, we can run an ad for it. So I was actually quite liking Indeed for hiring and then suspended my accounts.
Ben Moore: A bit annoying. There you go.
Kyle Musca: A bit annoying. Yeah, I reckon that there'd be  heaps of PTs looking for a job and if you offer it in that, they'll jump at it.
Ben Moore: Yeah, 100%. That's exactly right. It's like guaranteed 45 clients. It's like, where else are you getting that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. At this rate, it'll be mine.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's what I mean. But like just to start with, like they'll come in, work them in with me, for the first few weeks and then they'll be pretty much, yeah. I'm 45 clients off the bat. By that point, I'm going to be like 60, but no, that's cool. The only thing I want to do before I get someone in is kind of have all the systems and  set up first because I want to get like, obviously, we'll throw the ad out, but I want to kind of, I'm going have to redo a few things on the back end because everything's like about me delivering the coaching, if that makes sense. And I want people coming in to the program thinking that I'm the  like head coach. want them coming in that their coach is their coach and I'm there as well. It's like their coach is their main responder, if that makes sense. And I'm just like, they're co-coaching in a sense. So I'm going have to sit down and  smash out a heap of the onboarding videos again, which won't take long. They're all pretty simple. just sit there just talking through what I need to set up, how to do all that stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The way I would sell it, man, is just don't do like they're the primary coach, I'm a co-coach. Do it as we're both head coaches and it's just a two coaching system. Um, because once the coach starts doing the check-ins, they build that relationship with them, the client. We'll just naturally start going to them for everything anyway.
Ben Moore: Yeah. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: You just don't want to give someone who's just signed on a reason to have like buyers and maws and everything like that. Like let them build a relationship, see that they're a good coach, everything like that. Then they're happy with it. They don't even think twice about it.
Ben Moore: Yeah, perfect. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's what I kind of meant in the co-coaching thing.
Kyle Musca: That's what I was trying to get out. I just wear that real  .
Ben Moore: No. Yeah. So, yeah, we'll do the dual coaching system. That's what I was looking for. Yeah, cool. All right. I guess.
Kyle Musca: Just on that as well, what I would do is even just go through Claude or however you decide to do it. But put together a big sort of SOP of everything that you want them to do. Yes, obviously, with the coaching side of things, the check-ins, client response times, clients, you know, working hours, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But one thing is have like deliverables on social proof. You know what I mean? That's something there. When I hire a new coach, if I do that, that's something I'm definitely going to be doing is like, you know, set a standard of, you know, for example, if you have 100 clients, how many of those clients should have a post-worthy transformation? Yeah, exactly. But like, I don't know how to word this, but like at any given time, you know what mean?
Ben Moore: Like, yeah, they'll have, if they have 100 clients, they'll have clients that started last week and they'll have clients that started three months ago, six months ago, for example.
Kyle Musca: At any given time, you know, roughly, you know, 10% of your clients should be ready for a post-worthy transformation.
Ben Moore: Okay. Yeah. I think that's a good idea too. That's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And just set, you know, sort of KPIs around, like something you might even want to do is, like, you don't want this to be like overly complicated, like in terms of it's just a 60-page  document that they're going get to read. But it's like set, um, set, like. So, for example, you know, if the client hasn't lost 1% of their weight per week for two weeks straight, look at, you know, adjusting, dropping calories, increasing cardio, whatever the  case is, like your own coaching philosophy.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And also, one thing I would heavily, heavily do is when you bring them on, they have to send you, let's say, minimum, let's say, five pieces of social proof per week of clients, you know, who said they're really enjoying the program or, you know, the text things that you can put up on your story and everything like that. Kind of how I deal with, you know, our results and everything like that. Yeah. Because that's really powerful. Well, the problem is, like, once you start becoming the main communicator with the client, you don't get those anymore.
Ben Moore: No. No. That's exactly right. Reply. What would you call those? Testimonials. Like, five-weekly testimonials.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. And it could be anything. could be testimonials from the client, via message or check-in. It could be a screenshot of their weight progress as well.
Ben Moore: Yep. Yep. Okay. Just one weekly wins, essentially.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Something you can chuck up on your story as social proof that's...
Ben Moore: I should start doing that too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: 100%. I'm  hyperbolic at it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. They are really powerful.
Ben Moore: I'm  hyperbolic as well. Yeah. I'm sad.
Kyle Musca: I'm not the communicator, so...
Ben Moore: Yeah. Makes sense. Yeah. I guess because we do weekly wins on Fridays where everyone's got to get in the group chat, give us one win. If they don't get in, everyone's like, I get them like, come, John, what'd win? So we've kind of got a good community there where like everyone's kind of thrown in. Probably out of the 40 people we have on now, it's like at least probably 15 to 20 of them are thrown in their weekly wins. Plus a couple of people that I choose, I kind of single out a couple of people and go, hey, I  got a thumbs up and everyone's getting around them. So it's like, I probably should just  screenshot those too.
Kyle Musca: It's like... like... Something I'm do is like drop a weekly win and then like, you know, under in brackets, make him good because I'll repost him on my story, winky face.
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just have a bit of fun with it. Yep. Okay.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, that's something that's going to be really, really  powerful.
Ben Moore: Yep.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I think we should strongly do, do you have video testimonials?
Ben Moore: I have. I have a lot on my YouTube. I think I've got eight on my YouTube. Like 50, like 30 to 50 minutes. So, you can probably just chop and dice them up and do that. So, yeah, we've got a heap. I've got like three or four that I haven't never posted. They're just chilling in my  folder. So, yeah, I think get those up and kind of do some  like that. The video testimonials are better than before and after days, I reckon. I always find they convert a million times better. If you do a before and after than a video testimonial, they seem to do way better.
Kyle Musca: Well, you just do both. So, what I would recommend doing is because what we'll do for these, you can use them for  a lot of different things. The primary thing that we're going to use them for is I can set up a retargeting ad. So anyone that basically has messaged you, let's say, in the last seven days, really, really cheap because it's such a small pool of people we're trying to target, and Instagram knows exactly who those people are. So it's like we might put up, you know, five and put $2 a day on each of them.
Ben Moore: Yeah. It's like $10 a day.
Kyle Musca: It's  all. But what I would do is, like, I would jump on a call with them and essentially do, like, a client success checking book, which kind of sounds like what your YouTube videos are.
Ben Moore: That's yeah.
Kyle Musca: But they only need to be, like, maybe, depending on how long the chat goes for. The video itself, I would probably – so I'll show you what I mean, right? So I did this with this client.
Ben Moore: Yeah, we got, I think, eight or nine of those exact ones, but they're , like, 15 minutes long.
Kyle Musca: They're  long hours. Yeah, so you don't – no one's going to watch that.
Ben Moore: Nah.
Kyle Musca: That's unfortunate it is. If they did watch it all, you could probably sell them  a house. They'll give you a house deposit, but you're very hard to get someone to watch that unless you force them. So this is my call with this guy. This probably went for like 15 minutes off memory. My editor cut it right down to three and a half minutes. Then what I told them to do is go make a 60-second one max of the best parts.
Ben Moore: And then from there as well, make a couple that are like between 10 to 20, maybe 30 seconds if you have to. Okay, so because I've got eight, nine, I think nine videos in total of these exact ones already. If I send them through to my editor and say, hey, can you do like a cut down of say like four, have one like testimony of these, four minutes, say for instance.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you don't need the four-minute one.
Ben Moore: Okay, just the, okay. Yep, so 60 seconds, 66. And then what do we say, 30?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ben Moore: And then 10, like 10? A couple of 10 seconds ones, 15?
Kyle Musca: The short ones need to be maybe 10 to 30. So they're basically the same thing. You probably don't even need a minute one, to be honest. Like you just want the very best one. Like you just want, and depending on how good those came up, you know, if they came up fantastic, buy all means use them. The other thing is I would jump on a call with your clients and just basically do a success check-in. Obviously, this is hard for you at the moment because you're so , yeah, like one, it works really well as a client success, success check-in course, especially when you're not the coach anymore. Two, they're great for obviously this, but they're great for like doing, asking for referrals or even on sales and stuff like that if you want to throw them in there. You know what I mean? If they just jumped on and said the apps. We  love everything, yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda. You know, you can be like, mate, you know, you're an awesome part of the team. I found that, you know, from a lot of the other guys I've worked with, they usually have someone, you know, in around their circle that would be pretty keen on doing something like this. Who do you know that would be interested in joining, man?
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, if they do join, man, one, help us to build this community of absolute legends, but I'll also swing you $250 just to, you know, say thank you.
Ben Moore: Okay, yep. I like that. Yep. Yeah, I think once we get a coach, we'll do something like that, because we, that is one thing I've never done, is had a good referral system. And I used to do it on the floor when I was working on the floor. And that used to, like, I'd drop a client, I'd just say, hey, like, I'd ask our clients, but hey, I've got a slot open, do you just want to jump in? Or I'd go, hey, like, do you know anyone that wants to jump in? I used to fill slots like  crazy. So I know referrals work extremely well. just, yeah, like I said, I'm... It's so  stretched in for time at the moment. It's like I'm working like  16 hours. It's crazy. So, yeah, once we get off coaching, I don't have to do that. That'll be the next thing because I'll just use that as a call because essentially I'll just book a call and I'll sit down with that personal referral.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Referrals are by far the easiest sales you'll come across. Yeah, yeah. The other thing is the biggest thing with referrals is kind of what you just said there. You have to make the ask and then re-ask.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, people will be like, yeah, sure. Like, yeah, I'll go ask some people and then they'll forget about it.
Ben Moore: But it's like if you message them the next day and be like, hey, man, how'd you go ask me, mate?
Kyle Musca: I don't know.
Ben Moore: Oh, , I forgot.
Kyle Musca: I've seen him tomorrow or something like that.
Ben Moore: I'll ask you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And message me, hey, bro, how'd things go?
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, cool. No, that'd be good. It'd be good to create like a system for that or like an SOP for that because, yeah, like we've got 40 people in there. can literally one person each. I'm sure it's very  doable. But, you know, you know what I mean? Even if it's 50% of Clients give you one person. There's 20 clients like that. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Well, referrals come down to like what's known as feeders. So like nine out of 10 people won't refer anyone, but then the 10th person will refer like five people.
Ben Moore: Yep.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like you just need to find who your feeders are and then just keep  treating them real well.
Ben Moore: Yep. Yep. Just taking, oh, hey man, half month is fine. Don't worry about it. Give me another client. All right. Yeah, cool. All right. So we'll do that. That's good. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, and then just on these, just so you can see what it's like. These are cool with your editor as well. Make sure they add the transformation into it. So it's like for this one.
Ben Moore: I feel like a million bucks though. It was good, man. I wouldn't do that full. I told my editor not to do the full name for privacy reasons, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: And just having the group there and having Kyle like messaging me all the time and getting on a call once a week and stuff like that. was just nice to have some accountability and wanted someone there. They just sort of guide me and he helps me out heaps, man. I can't think he's enough, really. I feel like I get a lot of progress sometimes and then I just jump back into old habits. So this time we've gone past that threshold and feel much better, man. So that's awesome to hear. And you mentioned, you know, the other day, you're sort of the lightest you've been since high school, you said. What did you sort of struggle with the most where you sort of jumped into the program? Coping mechanism. So with these as well, like ask them real loaded questions.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, like what's been the biggest win you've had in the program?
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, what's been the biggest change from, you know, where you started to where you're at now, both physically and mentally?
Ben Moore: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's kind of the SOP we ran with too on those calls as well. So that works out well.
Kyle Musca: That's kind of  awesome. Yeah. Perfect. I'm sure they're probably well good enough to do it. But just in the future, if you want to keep adding to it. Especially if you get a really good physical transformation, because it's like you jump on like that and you chuck it in. Like, you know, I did that. You're getting a video social proof and then you're getting an actual  transformation social proof. It's like, . Then something I've been like toying with, I haven't probably done it yet, but just so they, like the editor can clean it up really well, but like I might even next time do it. Basically just say like, look, I'll record the call. One, if you give any feedback on how we can make the service better, then I'll absolutely take that on board. But, you know, if you give some really good feedback about your experience with the program, then, you know, I'll use that as marketing for some marketing purposes. And then basically just send them a list of the loaded questions you're going to ask beforehand. Just be like, just have a think about these, man, just so you can get the best answer possible for you. Be honest. You don't have to lie about anything, yada, yada, yada.
Ben Moore: Yeah, of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool. No, that's cool. Yeah, definitely. Because I try to admit as a mandatory thing when each client's leave, like we kind of jump on, either get a written testimony or we sit down. And we'll do a call. So look if they are finishing up the program. So no, that's good. Or if they get a good result. Like, yeah, of course. Okay, cool. Yeah, I'll get those because I can get those done for you pretty quickly, spin back to you. Because I think that'd be cool because we probably had a fuckload of messages come in that probably would convert just with a little bit of nurturing. We'll see another ad and then, you know, those kind of things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. How are the video ads coming?
Ben Moore: Mate, good. I am , I promise you, I'll send them to you. I should. Oh, . I wanted to have them to you yesterday. Not yesterday, Monday. I'm just trying to think. They're done. I probably should have them to you. I'm hoping. I might even just send them off to my editor because he'll definitely have them back to us by the end of the week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he's got a good.
Ben Moore: Yeah, do. I'm going to shoot him off to him. Yeah, because otherwise I'm just going to , I'll just tell him exactly what I want because he can be a bit of a  retard sometimes. They're like, send me back. I'm like, what the  is that? He's like, looks good, man. I'm like, no, it's . So no, that's cool. All right. So I'll shoot those off to him. We'll get the video ads done. I've got a voiceover at the end, which I can just do myself when he sends them back to me. Yeah, I'll fix up these  things as well. And then this dual coaching, dual coaching, just dual coaching. think, I don't know how I'm going to do it inside the trainer. was like, because everyone's really like, and they like how central everything is with like the messaging and stuff that they don't have to have  eight different messaging points. So I asked for some feedback from some of the clients that we've had on for a while. They're like, yeah, keep it all in one spot if you can. It's  awesome. Awesome. So I think for that, my only struggles with that Is having a coach or the dual coaching is we can do a one-way messaging so they can all be under me as the coach. And the one-way messaging means I can still send them all their reminders and automations, but we have the group chat where both the coaches are in as we can set that up as well. But then I'm thinking, do I just give them access to their coach? And then we have the other group chat.
Kyle Musca: You know what you could theoretically do here is I've never done it.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I've never done it, but like I could say I'm tempted to try it, especially if you're going to set it up for something like that, is essentially go hire a DM setter and then put together like a heap of training documents. So in terms of like actual, you know, so you see here, I've got some like nutrition mega guides, got a hypertrophy strength mega guide, I've got habits mindset mega guide, and then you could build an AI project out of that. Yeah. And then essentially just have that DM setter act as a ghost coach for you in your account, if that makes sense. So that way you could tell them to, okay, I want you to go message every single client every single Thursday, check in on them, see how they're going and everything like that. If there's anything I'm sure of, yada, yada, yada, and same principles as DM setting, like in terms of making sure it sounds like you. I could see it working pretty well, but then obviously it just comes down to you'd want to make sure it does work really  well and they sound really very much like you.
Ben Moore: Yeah, even to it's like, because in Trainerise, I can set up so many automations with like where it's coming from, if that makes sense. So it's like, we just like, you just have to set it up right because it's, yeah, because I don't know, because you have like, if I can share, I'll share my screen, I'll show you what I mean. It might make a bit more sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let me share this.
Ben Moore: Oh, I think it's a cheers one of them. It's a second con. I'll show you what I mean. Oh, actually, I'll just show you on the camera here because you won't be able to see it. So when you share access, but  Zoom changed all their things. When you go into the app, there's a massive difference to probably when you last season, but you got here. So you got like their community chat. Theirs is at the top, and then you can have your other one with you and the coach, which is the co-coaching. But the only issue is if I go to, can we go view clients? If go to clients view, let's get here. So what will happen is on their homepage, they'll have the group, the coaching just above their macros there. So it'll be like group chat. And then down the bottom where the little circle is here is the direct messaging channel to the coach. So it's like, oh, I don't know how you'd set up because then they've got three  text channels, and it's going to be too much of a head case for them, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Well, to be fair, like if either you've got automations going into the client or you did what we just spoke about and got someone else in there to. sort of act as you. You probably wouldn't need the group coach as much. The biggest thing is that there's just a direct line of communication with the client. So if the coach is  around or they're not doing their job properly, then you've just got your finger on the pulse and you very much do know that.
Ben Moore: Yes. Yeah, that's probably the big thing. So I guess you could run it as.
Kyle Musca: The other thing you could potentially look at doing there as well is maybe you do like a monthly client success check-in form, for example. You send it out to all your clients individually and you're purely just asking for their feedback on the service, how they're liking working with their coach, if there's any feedback, they have, yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda.
Ben Moore: I like that.
Kyle Musca: Because like the biggest thing the group chat does is just so you have a direct, as I said, direct line of communication with the coach, so with the client. So if anything's going wrong, if anything's. You know, they're not happy about, you're always easily contactable.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah, no, that's what I get. Yeah. So I guess you could, you just set them up under their coach, whoever their main coach is. They'll go through the direct messaging channel with that coach, I guess. And then you'd have your group chat with the coach and yourself if they need to ask you any questions. You send all your forms and  through there to those guys once a month and then just kind of check in with them. I can set up an automation on TrainRise. can send a weekly check in like, hey, just want to check in, how are you traveling? And I can just have it on like a three or four repeats. So it's the same message over the time they're with us, but it's just cycled through a different one so it looks fresh each time they see it. And it kind of runs through. So I could do that. That's probably the easy one. then, yeah, that's probably how I deliver it. So I'll work directly, obviously, with their coach and they'll have access to the group with us and they'll have the big community chat at the top, I think, will be the way to do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A lot of it will probably come down to sort of seeing how it goes, but it shouldn't be over. I do like the idea of getting a setter in there because, again, it's pretty  cheap. To be honest, you could even get your current setter that you really like if she already really understands your tonality and everything like that and just get it in there answering base-level questions.
Ben Moore: then, obviously, if she's not sure of anything or it's a billing thing or some  like that, then they can figure it out. They also don't figure it out.
Kyle Musca: They can ask you. Because, like, that will allow you to add a whole new level of service to it. You know what mean? Because it's like the coach will do a weekly check-in form, a bi-weekly check-in message, and then you'll also be, like, messaging him on. So it's like, let's say the check-in forms on Monday, you message them on Wednesday, the coach messages them on Friday. You know what mean? It's like they're getting contact almost every single  day. And they're constantly having a conversation with you and the client.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. No, that's cool. Yeah, no, that's Cool. Yeah, I think it would just be one of those things you've got to kind of throw it in the D-pen and just  rock as it goes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Ben Moore: That's cool.
Kyle Musca: Now, your US calls, you do the night before message, I assume?
Ben Moore: The night before message? Yes, I do.
Kyle Musca: Do you do a morning of message? It's probably pretty hard.
Ben Moore: Yeah, I do a night of, and then I do usually an hour before. So before I jump on my previous call, I was shooting through a message an hour before. As a reminder, I have my show rate's been  insane. It's been like 80% still. So we're not seeing any dive-off in show rate, which is awesome. But we've also got the automations that come through directly to their SMS number. So that'll come through three hours before, 24 hours before, and then also we're touching base with them on Instagram as well. So that keeps them on track as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, food for thought because I've... Um... Um... ... My U.S. is like I find that they reply to the night before message but then they're like  kind of go a big ghost on the day. I think it's because I don't message them the day of so they probably just forget. So what I was  around this morning with and whether you do it for that specific reason or you might even do it just for like a post-booking, you know, once you enter in post-booking, I'll show you what I'm  talking about so it makes more sense before I start talking about it.
Ben Moore: But yeah, I find if you can do a voice memo to the client being you, again, I don't know how you'd systemize that but I just, yeah, there you go.
Kyle Musca: That's what I'm talking about. So what I was  around with is the manual one, yes, if you're going to do that, fantastic. But what I was doing, you you're a  dog, is, give it a little , right? And trigger, um, use... User tag, contact event, tag. Yes, a tag is applied to contact and then morning call message is what it is, right? Condition morning call message, right?
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So essentially what will happen in this exact scenario, so again, you can do it for whatever. So maybe once the call is booked, for example, you can set it as, the setter will tag him as call booked. And then this will trigger this automation basically by, hey, legend, cheers for that, bro. You should have just got a confirmation email sent through to you. If you can just go, you know, confirm that, it's going to put straight into your calendar just to make it easy to find and keep you updated on the call. Whatever you end up saying there, but like you could theoretically use it in that situation.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? So it's like that happens there. For this specifically, so it's like, let's say you do, once the setter descends the night before message, they tag. With night before, 14 hours later, so it's like if they message them at 6 p.m. their time, then 14 hours later is going to be 8 a.m. their next day, right? Next, perfect. Sends Instagram message is, sorry, more, is audio, get rid of this.
Ben Moore: Then you drop the audio in.
Kyle Musca: And then I was playing around with it before, so it's like that. Which is, if you listen to that video, that is this one here. And I was playing around with it.
Ben Moore: It actually does send like a normal  audio message. It doesn't send like a week or while or anything like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That was this one. Hey, bro. How going? Hope doing well. Man, I just wrapped up chatting to my program director, Tommy, about our conversation and can confirm we are still good for today. Essentially, we're going to cover three things. Number one, what your ultimate goals are in your fitness journey. Number two, you know, what's holding you back and preventing you from getting there. Number three, we're going to build your game plan over the next. It's a couple of months. You can actually achieve those goals. Make sure you bring any pen and paper just to take some notes. We try and provide as much value as possible on these calls. And if you do have any issues jumping on, feel free to shoot me a message here. More than happy to lend a hand. Otherwise, yeah, very keen to see what you can come up with and I'll chat to you very soon. Cheers, man.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Didn't know where that was planned, so I couldn't even pause it, but...
Ben Moore: You're right.
Kyle Musca: But just nice and automated so they, you know,  receive it before the call.
Ben Moore: Yeah, okay. I'll look up that automation process.
Kyle Musca: Pretty, pretty simple to do. Took me a lot of  around this morning to figure it out, but turns out it's a big thing. That's cool. I'll send you a screenshot of that as well. Essentially, if you do want to do that, you just need to obviously record the audio and like a voice memo thing on your map.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you can upload it and good to go.
Ben Moore: No, that sounds good. I think I'll  around or something like that because that'd be easy and then you don't have to do it. 24-hour line, if you set it out right, you can kind of just automate it, which would be sick.
Kyle Musca: And you could do this for any part of the script, realistically. Just keep in mind, it's obviously generic. But if you're coming into here and you could even film, this kind of gets a bit tricky because it's like, especially if you're going to add specifics into it. But you could theoretically just say like, hey, bro, I just had a look at your answers and struggling with nutrition while trying to lose weight is something I see quite a lot. I guess, do you have a specific goal or weight, goal, weight, or focus in mind when it comes to health and fitness? You what mean? Like if you set a voice note straight off the bat, that might, again, this is something I'm only just playing around with now, but that might increase response rate.
Ben Moore: Yeah, 100%. No, there's heaps of stuff there we can  around with. No, that's cool. I think just even the 24-hour It's an absolute  that I have to remember to go, , anyhow, before I call,  this and that. So, no, that works. That works well. I think that'd be a good automation process for IG.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's something I'm probably going to spend a lot of this afternoon  around with.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's cool.
Kyle Musca: Pretty, pretty cool.
Ben Moore: Yeah, no, that's cool. No, I'm happy with that. I think, yeah, I need to  get a coaching and then that'll be priority, get all this stuff. How would you pitch it to your clients? Because obviously we've got a fuckload of new people in the last couple of weeks. know they're working with me for a bit. So would you just say like, hey, you're still going to have direct access to me. We're just, I'm going to put a coach on in your time zone that is going to be working around the clock for you. They're going to be doing your check-ins, et cetera, et cetera.
Kyle Musca: How do you kind of pitch it to your clients so they don't go? Yeah. So you got to be real cautious about this. Usually I wouldn't for most coaches, but for you, the time zone thing does make sense.
Ben Moore: So I would just frame it as a free bonus, like a free upgrade.
Kyle Musca: Like, hey bro, I just brought on an extra package specifically for guys over in the US to basically work with my head coach, Steven, you know, especially if they've got a really good degree. Like he's, you know, he's got a degree in exercise science. He's extremely switched on. And basically what this means is you'll literally have access to a coach 24-7 around the clock.
Ben Moore: Yep.
Kyle Musca: I mean, if you want to frame it as like, what I'm going to, you know, for this package, it comes out to be about five grand, but I'm going to give you a free upgrade straight onto that just so you get the best support possible or something like that.
Ben Moore: Mm-hmm. Mm Mm-hmm. Yep.
Kyle Musca: You get I would reword that, you know, so it doesn't sound gimmicky and  salesy and . But like, I would probably frame it as like a bonus for them.
Ben Moore: Yep. Yeah, I think I'll do something like that because I think if I just say to them like, yeah, the messaging channel is just going to be, you're to have access to both of us in the messaging channel. So, yeah, I think that'd be fine.
Kyle Musca: And I think it's going to be really important for that transition period as well, especially at the start, is you keep in very close contact with the clients. Yes. They're just sending them maybe one or two, you know, check-in messages per week and everything like that.
Ben Moore: Yeah, yeah, they definitely can do. Yeah, I'll still run all the messages to the group chat and stuff that we do, like once a day, twice a day, reminders and stuff. I can do that probably for the first bit and then transition that off. But no, that should be good. I think that'll be the  bee's knees there for sure. Just delivering it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then I do like the idea of getting that kind of ghost coach in there because like realistically if they're, again, this very much depends on the person, but realistically if they're switched on enough, one, it would add a lot of level of service to the coaching because it's like, you know, they could go and check everyone's like account and everything like that and be like , you know, Matt, you've lost another kilo in the last week. You're absolutely  smashing it, brother. How are you feeling? You know what mean? Like, because that's their one job is just to be really nice and personable and , you know, real switched on with it. But theoretically, if they're not, you know, if they're competent enough, you could even bring them on as like your 2IC. You know what I mean?
Ben Moore: Like if anyone messages about a failed payment or something like that, like you deal with it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Cool. Yeah. No, that's something to play around with.
Kyle Musca: It's an opportunity. Yeah.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. For sure. No, it's good. I like it. It's, we've got, cause we do. Oh, this is very touchy. So we're, like, touching on Wayne's and , like, twice a week in our programs and . So there's always something going back and forth, giving them, like, an up or a down and asking questions about what's going on. So we keep it pretty close on all that . So  come and go astray. So there's, like,  15 touchpoints a week with our clients. So, again, just because I've noticed it's, like, online, it's easier for them just to stray off if they're not being held accountable. It's like, hey, , like, your scale weight's gone up.
Kyle Musca: Anything change?
Ben Moore: And they're like, oh, no, no, no, no. It's just, like, just had a high-carb day or bad sleep. And they're like, oh, okay, all good, no stretch, just want to double check. So, again, that holds, like, we've found a massive retention with just that itself.
Kyle Musca: Well, something I'm also doing as well, and this would coincide with exactly what we just spoke about, is I get my VA to go through and get everybody that hasn't done a check-in for the client, right, and then send them a list here. This is only something I recently I've added in. So one, I can see how many of the clients are actually checking in. I think, so this has brought up a thing that I wouldn't have known about if I just didn't let the, if I just didn't implement this essentially, is a lot of the clients seem to be getting on calls and stuff with the coach, but a lot of them aren't doing the check-in form, which to me isn't acceptable. It's like, it's great they're still doing the check-in, but they need to be doing the check-in form. Otherwise, you can't do a proper check-in. So that's something I'm drilling into coaches now. It's like they need to, I want to see this at least 80% check-in.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. We have a non-negotiable. They don't get a check-in unless they do their form. That was a big game changer for me. So if they don't do their check-in form, they don't get any of their check-in stuff. It's like, hey, you just , we'll just message you and say, hey, you haven't got your check-in form done on date. If you don't get done by next week, we'll jumping on a call and discussing. Like we kind of make it like a mandatory thing from the start. So, cause I had the same thing early on. And when I was like, , how do I  fix this? And I spoke to Matty West actually. And he's like, no, we make it a non-negotiable. Like he's like, if they don't do it, they don't get any of their service. We just like , I was like, ah, that's not a bad way of doing it because then it puts pressure on them to get it done. Or if they don't do it, they'll miss and just say, hey, I'll do it tomorrow. And we do it two days before, before their actual video check-in on a Friday. But that could be something to  around with too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's more so just to keep a finger on the pulse with the coaches. Because like, so one thing for me, like to be honest, is because I've had both my coaches for probably about two years now. One thing I'm starting to notice is they're getting quite stale. Like, and that's, you know, a bit of a problem. I'm giving them a bit of a leeway just to see if they sort of, you know, and starting to implement more of these things. And this is why I'm so big for you on setting the standard early.
Ben Moore: Standard early, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because like now I'm like, I want at least five wins out of each one of your clients this week. Yeah. And even that for me to implement is  more of a pain in the  than true. So it's like, what I'll probably end up doing low key is just trying to crack into the. US market a little bit more. Once I've got that as a proven thing, probably hire a US coach and just funnel all clients to them and they can just, and then see, I'll probably make it competitive-based. If you don't want to work, you don't get clients. That's your problem. But if they fade off, then they fade off.
Ben Moore: Yeah. No, that's a good way of doing it. Yeah. That's probably the big thing is because, yeah, I think if you set the standard early, because no one's ever going to care about your business as much, unfortunately. But yeah, I feel like when you set the standard early, it's like even with our setter and new setter, he's like, I didn't really set the standard with the last guy we had, he's been a retard anyway. But I said, the new guy said, if you're five minutes, like you get three strikes, you're five minutes late, you don't do an end of day. These are all strikes. If you hit three strikes, I'll just, just pretty much  get you out of the account and then you're . So I was just said to him, I was like, there's like a three strike rule. So even like having that with you, like maybe with the coaches as well and have like, obviously depending on how long I'm with you, but you have it like three strikes in a quarter or something like that with your coach. It's like, Hey, you rock up late to a meeting five minutes, that's a strike. You don't get, you know, 80% check. In compliance, that's a strike. Like,  like that. And I wonder if you do that and then you say, then we'll have you looking for another job.
Kyle Musca: We'll take clients.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's a real fun. So one thing there is I would definitely, especially with coaches, make sure you have like a weekly call with them, like a weekly.
Ben Moore: Yeah, well, it's not to be very long, maybe like 15 minutes or something. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But just to make sure that you're keeping up date with the culture and everything like that.
Ben Moore: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is like, so this is the problem I'm running into right now, is you don't want to kind of rule with an iron fist. Do you know what mean? Like you don't want to be  saying you're not doing your job, so I'm going to have to add penalties in.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, that's why one setting the standard is very, very important, having that constant communication with them.
Ben Moore: But at the same time, like, you know, if they're just not going to do their job, then like, look, I'll find someone else who will. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's fair enough. I guess something I'm going to do as well is I've got, I'm setting up a bot at the moment to do like a form that's going to send back to me in the, in the discord. When we have all that, that it'll essentially, they'll have an end-of-week thing to fill out. So each Friday they'll have, no, the coach when we get them on, set has got all that. But the coach, so when we kind of sit, you know, because I like doing, with my setter, do a meeting or sales guys do a meeting every day or every second day. First month I do it every day just so they've got any questions they can get ironed out and they'll push it out to three times a week. It's like 15 minutes, just run numbers and . But yeah, with the coach, I'll probably do one on a Monday, kick them off on a good foot, like  get them amped up for the week and then do one to finish the week off and just run numbers with them from that check-in thing. Because I used to do that with our business here in town when I used to do that and that was sick. Like you'd sit down to boss on a Monday and get amped up for the week and then Friday before we finish up, we'd all have a beer with him and he'd like run us through the numbers and like, hey, we need an improved beer, this is what we're doing. But it was like a bit casual but good because it kind of kept your eye on the numbers and there's still a bit of pressure there to perform but it wasn't so  sick. Serious, if that makes sense, I'd probably run something like that.
Kyle Musca: I reckon that'd be pretty cool. Yeah. I think the biggest thing with your team is just communication, having those conversations. So like for me, you know, I'm kind of stepping away from the coaching business. So it's like, I basically just run it on autopilot part-time to the point where I'll probably just like, you know, I just guinea pig the  out of it.
Ben Moore: Like I just tested it at this point.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, yeah, keeping heavy communication is massive with your team, mainly for, yes, performance, but also culture. You know what mean? Like it's, you know, if you just tell someone to do something over text, it's like, that's cool, but it doesn't really mean anything. It's just words on a screen. Whereas if you have a conversation with me like, hey, man, like, look, these clients are coming to us because they generally put their trust in us and our service and everything like that. And, you know, we're here to, we're here changing lives, essentially. Like that's what we're all about. You know, it helps to instill that culture into them.
Ben Moore: Yeah, 100%. I think that's, yeah, I think that'd a big thing is just the culture because if we had a coach on board, it'd be big for them, like getting in the group chat, amp and everyone up too as well because it's like, I can do it. It's fun.
Kyle Musca: I love doing it, but it's like getting them on that  too and just like hammering it out would be sick as well. The other thing you might want to do there, especially setting the standard early on with a coach, is maybe every single week they have to put together their own, you educational presentation and do a group coaching call on them and you pay them like maybe a certain amount for that.
Ben Moore: We do Q&As already with our clients and that'd actually work really well. So he could do, well, he could run it. I can just jump in on the call with him because I like doing that with our guys. We do it on Monday, but once I'm a little bit less  busy, I'd like to do two, one because we've got US time, one really good, but we don't have one for the other guys, but mainly all the guys US anyway. But it'd be good to do one at the start and the end of the week for most of them, but that'd be sick. And he can jump in, he can kind of run up and just sit back because that's what we do. Education, we film it, put it back in the group chat, send it to everyone individually so they've got access to that stuff and they're going to run through it. So it's quite always educating them. So that's cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's like the part of the things I was talking about in terms of setting the standard early is like maybe they build a certain amount of skeleton programs per month.
Ben Moore: Maybe they do a certain amount of educational presentations per month or something like that. You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Like example, how to track your calories accurately. Because then you can, again, it's just about adding extra levels of service to your coaching.
Ben Moore: Yeah, 100%. No, I like that. That's cool. Yeah, cool. Well, I might sit down because I want to get these systems set up before I even, like I'll put some feelers out. I'd like to start getting some interviews possibly next week or the week after because, yeah. Otherwise, I'm losing a full, pretty much a full day of calls.
Kyle Musca: I would get the ad up on Indeed straight after this just to get out. So it's like, then you can test the water, see the quality of them. If you want to jump on calls next week, then you can, you don't really sort of rush to try and find people to get on calls with.
Ben Moore: Yeah, that's perfect. Yeah, I don't want to make a rush decision. No, that's cool. Yeah, I think I'll do that. I'll might  around, , probably Sunday, with these  setting it up, making sure everything's ready for this dual coaching offer, if that makes sense, so we can just plug and play everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's pretty easy, to be honest with you. Like hiring a coach is very easy. Biggest thing, just set the standard, hire someone that's  competent. And you should be fine.
Ben Moore: Yeah. Yeah, cool. Yeah, I think we should be good. That'd be fun. Right, I'm going to have some fun  around this and I've got to film a couple other things because, yeah, I'm going have to get a user account to test it on the other end, the user end, to see what's going to be the best way to deliver it to the clients as well. Because that's my next thing. It's going to , it won't get delivered well.
Kyle Musca: And then the other thing is I'd get those raw files across to your video editor and get him  working on that.
Ben Moore: I'm doing it on the server. That's not even a non-negotiable. I'm going to send you, just to make it worth this time, I'm going to send those testimonial videos too and just say like, he's a  much does he charge you on? all. It's like, for a long form video, it's like 150 bucks. So it's like a 15, 20 minute video. He's actually  pretty decent. And then a short form, it's like 40 bucks or something.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, that's pretty decent. Yeah. I find like my video editor is an absolute  gun. I pay him like, I think like 30 USD at the moment for like a short form video.
Ben Moore: Give me his number. Does he want some work? yeah, my guy's, he's good, but he doesn't speak English. So it's really like, there's a language barrier there when I'm like, if I were to do testimonial stuff with him, he'd send me your long  back.
Kyle Musca: I'll share his number. Now, he does get pretty flat out with work.
Ben Moore: Okay, I'll ask you.
Kyle Musca: But what we can even look at doing is sourcing one foyer moving forward if he's pretty flat out.
Ben Moore: Yep. I'll shoot Ronnie old, Ronnie booyer  message. I'll say, mate, do you got time to do – how many testimonials do you want? You're on five testimonials and we've got the 12 other short forms.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's good to – I mean, the more the better. If you have like 10 or something like that, fantastic.
Ben Moore: All right. Yep, awesome, cool. I'll get those – I'll get on to him tonight. I've got it down here, editor. I'll get on to him tonight, plus all this other . But, yeah, I'll get on this coach stuff too. I'm going to put a feeler out straight on Instagram. I've got a call actually straight after this and I'll jump on and do that and see what we get from there. And then I'll throw something on Indeed tonight as well.
Kyle Musca: Yep, perfect, man. Beautiful. Cool, man. Anything else you want to touch base on?
Ben Moore: No, that's it. I'm going to  around with this stuff, get it all set up. You know, just be , the next thing will, yeah, well, I think, honestly, like, our client management is pretty cruisy, in regards to a lot of, like, we have a lot of automated reminders and  in the app, so it's like, they don't really need touch base twice, two or three times a week with check-ins and stuff, so it's not too bad. So they probably do, honestly, I did 80 at the end of last year by myself, so, yeah, that'll be fine.
Kyle Musca: have to handle 80 to 100.
Ben Moore: Yep, that's what I thought, too. And then, yeah, that'll be good. All right, well, we'll face one thing at time, I'll get this  coach in, and then once we get these coaches in, then it'll be  client transfers, and then working that out. If the client doesn't want to go to the other coaches, oh, no, I won't even sell it, is that I'll say, they'll still have access to me. It'll just, he'll be doing  about it, be like, oh, look, no stress, man, I'll just keep working with you. Yeah, no, that's what I'll say, I'll just say, oh, man, no stress at all, I'll work 100% with you. But, yeah, I want to get someone that's  pretty sick. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: you. Thank you. you. Yeah. You should be able to do it. Like when I put up posts and stuff, there was a lot of people that had like bachelors in exercise science and everything like that.
Ben Moore: Oh, that's all I need. Yeah. As long as I can do that and I know how to track calories and watch macros. And then, because even in the app, all the meal plan and stuff, it's just like, it's automated. So you put in their calories and macros and it just spits out all the meals and you just adjust them to what they've set in their onboarding form with what they like. It's pretty easy. It's like, you don't need that too much of the meals built in there.
Kyle Musca: You to be a f***ing retard. 100%.
Ben Moore: Awesome, man. Cool. Appreciate it.
Kyle Musca: You enjoy. No worries, man. Let me know if you have any issues, but.
Ben Moore: Yeah, we'll do. I'll get these videos back to you. I promise. I promise I'll f***ing stretch and clean at the moment, but we'll get it off to you. Money's coming in, which is great. We're f***ing killing it. But yeah, just f***ing work.
Kyle Musca: Get a coach on ASAP because then your life will just get f***ing 10 times easier.
Ben Moore: I don't have to do f***ing 15 exercise reviews this afternoon.
Kyle Musca: That'd be nice.
Ben Moore: Yeah, all right, man.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. All right, have fun. Appreciate it. We'll do. All right, well, though, bye.


>>> 195/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-06T06:01:10Z | id:143867502
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. So in Notion, come into new client slots, and then you'll see the available times, available days. Again, the plus is gold, plus plus is emerald, no plus is silver, and then it's the coach's first name, so in this case, Kyle or Pat, and then the day that is signed, so Tuesday in this case, or Thursday, Wednesday, Monday, and Saturday. So for Sam, he signed up on gold, and we're give him Kyle, so he's a KT+. You'll come in there, just on the last name, you just do a dash, KT+, and then scroll right down to the bottom to assign to, and then you'll go Kyle, okay? Make sure you don't put me, Kyle. Save, that's all you need to do in Notion, okay? Now he's assigned.
verit: This is macro, this isn't Notion, no? No, this is not.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, macro, sorry, yes. Now, Stripe is refusing to load for me, which is cool. What you want to do here is... We'll have call recordings probably from Fathom or whatever the case is. You'll come into Kyle, for example. So he should have a new one, but he doesn't. So in this case, you're going to do this, Kyle, or so you actually could just do KT plus gold. All right. That should work. And you're going to go Sam Linton. Is that his name? Cool. Now, KT plus. Now, what you're going to do here is you're going to do these right after the name, six-month gold package. And then you're going to forward slash date. And then you're going to do today. This is super important. So if I ever need to search them, I can come into Notion, search their name, instantly see what package they signed up on and the date that they signed up on. Now, we always, whenever we create a new client in Notion, we always do it with the dot point there, just to separate the note to make it nice. Oh, sorry. Actually, no. When it's the name, we don't do a dot point, but then when it's the first note, which is all the information you're going to put in here about the call, that's where the dot point is. So it's nice and separated. So I'm just going to leave that for now. You'll see that. So when you come in, give them there. What I'm talking about there, though, is something like this, for example. So these are very old, so it doesn't have the other stuff. But, for example, it's the name and then the dot point with the notes. So that way, if someone else comes in and makes another note, you can clearly see. But then when it goes on to the next person, it's clearly differentiated. If it was just all dot points or all no dot points, it would just look very messy and hard. What I would do with your transcript on Fathom is you just run that through like Claude or something like that. And you basically tell it to give you notes on all like. And you can even copy some of the most recent notes. So you might want to come into KM Gold, for example, and scroll right down to the bottom, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And you might want to copy like a most recent or a couple of most recent notes just to sort of, you know, have it so it has an example. But the most important thing with the notes is it's only based on what you guys spoke about goal and program-wise. You do not mention anything to do with like finances or anything like that.
verit: Yeah, that's fine.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so only notes the coaches need to work with on the clients.
verit: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, makes sense. And then you just copy it in here. So as you can see, it's all the most important details. If you're not sure, just let me know. This little bug, it's annoying the  out of me. Then once it's in Stripe, I don't know why Stripe is just refusing to load for me today. What we can do though is maybe you share your screen and then you go to Stripe.
verit: Okay. How do I do that on Zoom?
Kyle Musca: Not me. I've to give you.
verit: Wait, sorry. I can't see. I've never shared my screen on Zoom before. Can you tell me which one I go?
Kyle Musca: When you go into the Zoom call at the bottom, there should be like a share option.
verit: Video. Video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so if you see video, it should be on the right.
verit: I don't have the option. Is it because I didn't set up the call? Is that why?
Kyle Musca: Or is that? Oh, on. Maybe try now.
verit: Going on video settings. No, that's wrong. I don't know. No, I don't.
Kyle Musca: What settings do you have at the bottom of the Zoom call?
verit: I don't know how to show you. So I've got mute and then video on the left, and then when I click on video, the options are mirror my video, blur my background, choose my background, FaceTime, HD camera, video settings, and then I've got the participants, and then after that I've got chat, then after that I've got react, then after that I've got share, share, share, share, share, share screen, I thought that was for, I thought that was for like share, I don't know what I thought, okay, allow to share screen, okay, cool, that's cool.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay, my thing decided to load down, that's okay, we'll go on to your one, so, that's fine, it's going to be super slow.
verit: You can see my screen?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so if you want to go on to Stripe, have you, he's already made payment, yeah?
verit: Yeah, yeah, he did.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so exit out of that, and then go.
verit: Oh wait, no, I'm on Bree's one, wait, sorry, this is wrong.
Kyle Musca: And then go to customers on the left, yeah, and then click into his account. Now, what you'll do here is, so see how there's this active subscription here? Let me get my arrow. So there's this active, oh no, what happened there? My screen just went black. I'm not sure what happened there.
verit: Oh no, can you not see?
Kyle Musca: No, my whole screen just went black. Maybe stop sharing and reshare. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Oh, wait, wait. Yeah, no, your whole screen just went black.
verit: My screen.
Kyle Musca: On, yeah, the share. Maybe stop sharing and then don't share.
verit: Um, wait, uh, I've lost the, I've lost the Zoom thing. Where is it? Pause. . I don't know where it's gone. I've got so many tabs open. Um, here, here. Zoom. Oh, yeah, this is crazy. Okay. Uh, share. Okay, cool. And then, and then again?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
verit: How's that?
Kyle Musca: Yep. then go to, Stripe. See if I get the arrow.
verit: Stripe here. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, you've got this, uh, oh, if you go to the top, uh, right at the top. Yeah. So, you've got this subscription. Never, ever, ever touch this subscription. This is the one that's linked to the account. You do not need to touch it. You do not need to change it at all, right?
verit: Is that right, billing monthly, though? Isn't it not meant to be weekly?
Kyle Musca: If you scroll over here, it's going to be $0, so it doesn't matter.
verit: Okay.
Kyle Musca: No, no. Sorry. Yeah, if you scroll there. Yeah. Anyway, that one's a $0 one. That's just basically to activate his account, so we do not touch it at all. So if you scroll back up to subscriptions, now you'll see this little plus button. You always want to press this little plus button.
verit: This one?
Kyle Musca: Yep. And then what you'll do there is, he went on a weekly payment?
verit: Yeah. Five weeks from now, right?
Kyle Musca: It says. Yeah, so go type in weekly. Okay. So you'll see these ones. Now you've got to be very, very... I'm here because see how this is in US. Now that's fine, but just make sure you do the conversions because if you charge someone 80 US, they see that, they're going to be very, very pissed off and that can cause them to pull out. So just click the $60 US.
verit: This one.
Kyle Musca: Yep. The other thing as well, actually see, you don't need to go back into it now. See how there's this slash per week. There was one that was just 60. If you just click that one, it won't let you do it. A subscription needs to be reoccurring. So it needs to have that dash, weekly, monthly, et cetera, et cetera.
verit: Okay. Now, what you can do here is change the price.
Kyle Musca: So come over to here, click the three dots to the right.
verit: This one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So, oh, sorry, this one. Sorry, the pen. My bad.
verit: This one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the pen.
verit: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, what you'll need to do is open a new tab and then type in whatever you guys discussed in AUD and then convert that to USD.
verit: I have it on my phone, wait. Also, I've got to leave in two minutes for my call with Christian, but it's okay, we have two minutes. Convert AUD into USD, okay.
Kyle Musca: So how much AUD?
verit: Yeah, 8279.
Kyle Musca: AUD?
verit: AUD. So the kayak conversion rate now from USD 60 is 8279 AUD, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so what's that in USD?
verit: 60.
Kyle Musca: Oh, is it?
verit: Okay, well, that works Is that what you asked me to do? Yeah, the conversion of 60 to AUD is 82.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no, no, no, no, no. How much did he agree to pay on a weekly basis in AUD?
verit: Oh, I don't know. We didn't actually discuss that. He just wanted to put the deposit down. I can't, I don't know. I think I said something like, yeah, no, actually, we didn't really. Confirm anything in the weekly payments. I just said the weekly payments would just be five weeks from now, and he was like, okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So in future, always be real clear about exactly what the payment breaks down are. So it's going to be $2,500 divided by $2,600 or $2,600, I believe it is, over the five-month period. Okay. we won't start for a week. So it's going to be $113.63. I just round down. So $113 a week, AUD. Okay. So you need to convert $113 into USD.
verit: Yeah, should have discussed this with him. Okay, $81, $89.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So $81, just type in $82 USD then.
verit: Cool.
Kyle Musca: And then confirm.
verit: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Now, see, scroll down to these two things here, bill weekly and trial. Oh, a little bit. Oh, too far. That was way too far. It was on the screen.
verit: It was just at the bottom.
Kyle Musca: Down slightly. Yeah, here. Right here.
verit: What? See free trial?
Kyle Musca: Up. No, no, up.
verit: I'll try this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So there's two things here. You go this one, billing weekly starts or billing monthly starts. Just always do free trial. This one will only allow you to do it within the billing period. So if we've done a week, it will only allow you to do for a week. Free trial allows you to do however long you want. So just click on the little date thing to the right and then put it from five weeks from now. So he signed up today on Tuesday. So one, two, three, four, five. So it should be on the ninth.
verit: The ninth.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the ninth. Now you'll see that because it says days 34, that's about a month.
verit: That makes sense, right?
Kyle Musca: Okay. You can also see here and you can just check that. From there, you're good to go. So you can press. Just create subscription. Always just check that there is a free trial set up if they've just laid a deposit.
verit: You don't want to charge them straight away. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Okay, I need to go and jump on this call, but thank you. Thank you so much. Yeah.
verit: Okay. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome.
verit: All right. Good luck. Thanks.
Kyle Musca: Thanks, baby.


>>> 196/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-07T04:02:37Z | id:144264811
People: Kyle Musca

Harry: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: How's things?
Harry: Yeah, chilling. Same world. Just getting ready for Bali on Saturday. So just trying to get everything in order and obviously get the, I'm gone for like a month. So I was just getting every, all of my  sorted before getting out for a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Nice, man. Nice. How are you feeling this week?
Harry: Are you sort of feeling a bit better? Yeah, like mentally, like tenfold  better. Like stopping that medication has been literally like game changer, like  up game changer, which is awesome. Awesome. And just feeling better with like everything been, look, it hasn't, business-wise, like I haven't signed any clients this week, so I was a little bit like slow like that. But I know obviously, you know, I could be pumping more organic content.
Kyle Musca: It's just, you know, it all correlates.
Harry: It's just all something. Yeah, I feel like, yeah, it's just on the way.
Kyle Musca: I guess on that, what's, I know you sort of just mentioned it a little bit there with the content, but like what do you feel like the main culprit for that is? I think that just when...
Harry: When things come up, I tend to get a bit like, I just get, I think I get a overwhelmed and I get a bit of like sensory, just like, what's it called? Like paralysis by analysis. Like I'm just like, oh, I've got all these things to do. And then I just feel like I've got no time and then I procrastinate and it just makes like everything just so positive makes it worse. I think that's sort of literally like the undoing of everything. It's just like as an overall consensus to procrastination.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I think probably the biggest bottleneck for you, I would say from, from just working with other people and everything like that is probably just going to be like, I guess, execution and like follow through, which kind of like flows off from what you just said there. So the best thing that I would sort of recommend there, man, is one, just time blocking. So having set times every single week where you know that you're going to do set a certain task. A big thing for this, for example, is like content because like content is one of those things. It's not like a check-in where, you know, someone's waiting for you to get it done. So therefore you have to get it done. Realistically, if you don't. Film content, then nobody cares, but your business just doesn't grow, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I think time blocking is really, really important there. I always like it. It's going to be different for everyone. I always like to make sure that I set aside at least two hours twice a week for the types of content I'm doing, right? That's, I would recommend that for you. Me personally, I do it at the start of the week when I'm like fresher, more recovered after the weekend. And I do it in the morning, especially back in Australia. It's a little bit different here because I'm like three hours behind, but especially back in Australia, it'd be the first thing I do. Like I would train first in the morning, get a bit of blood flow, know, get some pre-workout into me. And then I would film content straight after that. I wouldn't check messages. I wouldn't get back to clients, anything like that, because if someone pissed me off, then I wouldn't be in the mood to film as good content, if that makes sense.
Harry: Yeah. Yep. That makes sense. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I would say there is identify, because you're right, like once you feel like there's heaps of different things, things go. You can't feel overwhelmed. Identify what the most important task is for the day and just like make sure you get that done no matter what happens.
Harry: Yeah, yeah. I think, yeah. I mean, and exactly what you said with the time blocking and stuff, like I just, like just my check-ins were just getting overwhelming for me and I was like, you know, I've got all this other  that I need to be doing, but they check-ins are sitting there and I need to do them and then I'm just like,  around with it. But I just like the last couple of days, I've just been like, okay, I'm doing all of them right now. And I just went da-da-da-da-da-da-da and got it all done. And I just felt like tenfold better after that.
Kyle Musca: It's just exactly what said, just time block it. Yeah. And you're right. You'll feel better after you achieve certain things. You know what I mean? Like, so I guess it's the same as weight loss. You know, get addicted to the feeling of achievement after you've done something that you know you should have done, right? Because then you'll feel a weight lifted off your shoulders and everything like that. Even with check-ins, like how do you sort of structure them? Is it, you know, you have check-ins on certain days or what happens there?
Harry: Yeah. I mean, I pile a lot of them into like Sunday, Monday, Tuesday. Tuesday, just because I like to get them over at the start of the week. I don't do the, as in, sorry, a check-in on Sunday, I do them all Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. But then it just sort of peters out towards the end of the week. But I've been slack on them and just like pushing them back. And so that's just been giving me more stress.
Kyle Musca: And that's, you know, I know that as soon as I fix that, I don't get stressed out. So it's just literally just, yeah, just do it.
Harry: It's just  do it.
Kyle Musca: It's as simple as that. Yeah. So even, even there, would say time blocking is important. You know what mean? Like if you're going to do your check-ins, you know, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, what I would always do is same, same concept. Like I'd have my content days. I'd my check-in days when I was doing check-ins. It would be, you know, first two hours. Cause like, if you just clump them all together, you just get them out.
Harry: It only takes you two, three hours max. You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then you've got the rest of the day, can go do whatever you want to do.
Harry: You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, you're right. And when I'm over in Bali, I really want that to be the case. Afternoons and, you know, I want to be able to go and explore at the gyms and film stuff and, you know, do more day in the life sort of stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think that's probably going to be one of your biggest focuses, like business stuff aside, like there's definitely strategies we can implement and everything. But like, I think this is just going to come down to like time management more than anything and getting, again, those important tasks done. Because if you push them off, the more you push things off, the more things will accumulate. And then all of a sudden it's like, , I have so much things to do and nothing. And then you start procrastinating heaps and then nothing gets done. And it just, you know, continues feeding. It can get really aggressive if you've got a lot of  going on. But it's like, if you just know, okay, it's, you know, Monday morning, I need to do check-ins, get them out of the way. Then I film content after whatever, whatever works out best for you, but just make sure that there are times where you get it done. So you can't push it off if that makes sense.
Harry: Yeah, you're right. And my AD, part of what my ADHD really  with me is exactly that. Is like, if I don't have it set here, then I can kind of just push it a little bit, a little bit, a little bit. And then it just, yeah, that's, that's exactly what I always do. but yeah, getting better with that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I think just like, that's where it's essentially just a deadline. You know what mean? Like I have to get it done by this.
Harry: You know what mean? Cause same as like, it's the same as anything.
Kyle Musca: If you leave anything open to, I guess, interpretation, it won't get done. You know, I'm sure when you were a kid, your parents like washed the dishes, you were like, I'll do them later. They never got done. You know what mean? When you've got clients, I'll track my calories later.
Harry: It doesn't get done. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You're right. Harsh deadlines. get out of the way. Then you're, then you're stress-free.
Harry: You can, you know what mean? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Um, I did get two pieces of the new style of content, um, done. I can, I'll flick them through to you on, um, on, I've got, I don't know if I saved the actual video on it, but I definitely saved the, uh, Was it on edits? Uh, yeah. Yeah. I'll, I can just send it through to you on, um, I'll just send it to you on WhatsApp. sorry. I'll just do find it. This one, I'm a bit, I'm still unsure. So I copied two of Higher Up Wellness style of what he did and the way that he structured it. And I feel like they're all right. One of them, like the one where I'm sitting down, I'm really happy with. The other one, I'm just like, you know, I don't mind it. It's a little bit more like, obviously, there's a little bit of like a humor element as well as like, yeah, I'm just sort of, yeah, figure it out.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah.
Harry: Just flick them. They're just sending to you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'll show my screen. We're written together. So something I'd even do here is you'll see what he does. And a lot of other creators do. They're actually like. Put the phone down, and then they'll walk away while at the very start of the video.
Harry: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Because what that will do, again, something I'd really start to keep very top of mind is that there needs to be some kind of visual component.
Harry: Yeah. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, if you just start talking and stuff, like, people's attention spans are just really, really low. If there's not something that kind of, like, I guess, breaks the scroll, you know what I mean? Like, then that will just keep scrolling. And to break the scroll, you need some sort of visual element. Things in fitness that just suck. Number one, peptide. All the peptides themselves. Yeah, the thing there is I can't – what do you say at the start there?
Harry: Things in fitness that just suck.
Kyle Musca: I can slow it down if – yeah. Maybe if you can, just create, like, a little bit of an extra, like, maybe second or two at the start, just so it's like – it's not – because, again, they'll scroll, and I guess the video will start.
Harry: Halfway play. Oh, yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. The other thing is with that, try to get real numerical anytime you think. So it's like, because like when you say numeric, like when it's numerical, they can kind of, they know that there's a, it creates like a bit of a gap that there's an ending. When you say things in fitness that just suck, it's like, it's not vague, but it's like.
Harry: would say because there's three things I was, I was going to say three, but then I just literally copied what he, and he didn't say. And that's the only reason I didn't include, I literally have the, I have shots of me saying three things in fitness that just suck. So I could actually probably chop that in at start.
Kyle Musca: I would, I would go down the route of, so the thing with that is like higher up wellness can get away with a lot of things because he's created the identity of who he is.
Harry: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, I would, anytime you can add some kind of numerical value, I would throw it in there. So it's like, you know, three things in fitness that absolutely suck or, or three overrated fitness, three overrated things in fitness that, right.
Harry: Pre-overrated things in fitness that actually suck. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then also, did he recently post this video? I can't even pull that up in comparison.
Harry: No, it was a little while ago. If you go to his Reels tab, it was down a little. It's one where it looks like he's standing back from the camera a little bit, I think. It's like a green leaves in the background, I'm pretty sure.
Kyle Musca: There's one?
Harry: No, not that one. Let me just, oh, is that it? No, hold on. Wait, I can just send it to you, I think I had it. It was a, I think it had like 600k. Yeah, I remember having like 600k, so there's one with like 600 and something. I'm pretty sure what was that one.
Kyle Musca: Did you save it?
Harry: I didn't, I literally just did, that one I just did before, I didn't, I literally just had it up the whole time, so I hadn't saved it, but I should have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd always save them just so you can easily come back to them.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It'll also teach your algorithm that you want to see more of that style of content. Maybe we won't spend too much more time on it.
Harry: Oh, wait, I had it. I'm sorry. It would be in my recently launched. Oh, yeah, got it. Sorry, it wasn't leaves in the background. He was wearing a camo top. That's what I saw. I'll send that to you. Do you want me to send that to your Kyle, which page of yours?
Kyle Musca: Go, yeah, the Kyle Musca one. Kyle Musca one.
Harry: Made that switch over? Yeah, I'll just send that to you then.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. It just sucked. Number one. See how he puts the phone down? Things in fitness. That just suck. Number one, hokas are trash. Hoka, get your  together.
Harry: right. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it's like a, it just seemed, one, there's a visual component to it, but I also think that just seems like a lot more, I guess, organic. Organic things work really, really well because if it, like, this is why I'm not a fan of even doing things like really high quality on my cameras and stuff like that for Instagram is because people see the quality is really good. And whether it's the algorithm doesn't like it or people just instantly think it's an ad and keep scrolling.
Harry: Yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man. So it's like, um, yeah.
Harry: Just the start and that's, yeah, I could have just done it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry: I wonder if I even have the video that was of that, that I'm, yeah, I'm not sure. I'll also just send you the other one that my other one is based off.
Kyle Musca: And then you probably don't even need the mic.
Harry: I just had, otherwise I'm just standing there with my hands awkwardly and I felt  weird with it.
Kyle Musca: That's all. yeah, your hands should always be. In front of me, so it's like, hand gestures are really, really important because like, you'll come across as a leader if your hands are like this and you can use hand gestures because they're, so when you're coming to emotional persuasion, right, it's 7% what you say, so the words that you use, 38% how you say it, so like a tonality and everything like that, and then it's 55% body language and facial expression. So it's actually good when you get facial expression in there because you're like, you know, three things that absolutely suck when it comes to fitness, you know what mean? Like, you can't see it right now because there's not enough space, but hand gestures are good, just keep them out in front of you and like move, because it keeps the eye engaged when I'm like doing this, you know what I mean?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Also, it helps you to say things because if I'm like, subconsciously, you know what I mean?
Harry: Like, I can lean into it more by doing that. Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: In essence, if you're doing the same thing, you're just holding the mic, you know what Yeah, yeah, yeah. In fitness, they're just so. Number one, peptides. What are the peptides themselves? The people that use peptides as a band-aid. These should be a tool for your betterment, not something you use. Is to cover up your  discipline. Just because everybody. And then. And so quickly. So it's kind of like a similar angle. But see how, where he's positioned. So that's something you also focus on. Yeah, so it's more so like he's just more in frame. Where it kind of just, it's just above his waist. His head's in that top two thirds of the camera, which means he can put the subtitles here nicely. You know what mean? Now, to be fair, what you could potentially do, see how it goes. If it looks weird, don't do it. But you could even just try and zoom in and see if that works.
Harry: All right. Can just re-record it? Because I want to, I don't mind the actual context of it.
Kyle Musca: But I just think it needs probably re-recorded with some side different. Yeah. So yeah, we'll go through this and then just try and pre-record it. Honestly, like it's the hardest part is like probably the first hour you, it takes about 20 hours to become competent at something. So it's like if you start a new style of content, it's going to take you probably 20 hours of doing it to get like quite good at it. Yeah.
Harry: It's the first hour that's just the hardest, like, just  around with it.
Kyle Musca: You're so  stupid. Yeah, right? Like, for example, and that doesn't change no matter what you do. So, for example, like, I'm trying to set up this podcast and everything like that. Like, last Monday, I spent the whole  day, like, rearranging the room, like,  around with the Riverside app and everything, setting up the camera, like, feeling like a dick, like, you know, and still freaking out that it wasn't going to be good. And then, like, I actually got to it and it was like, you literally just press record and start talking. And I was like, , you know what I mean?
Harry: So, it's like, just  around with it.
Kyle Musca: It's probably easier than you're, like, anticipating it to be, but you wouldn't know that unless you, like, spend the time  around with it. Do something that doesn't work and then you, as a process of elimination, you find out what does work, if that makes sense.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. I'm going to need to try to fuckload in Bali. Like, I just, I'm going to have time, I'm going to have freedom, I'm going to have good backgrounds to be using.
Kyle Musca: Like, I'm keen for that. And the other thing as well I'd really, really recommend you doing is don't just... Film one and then wrap it up and then like film another, another day. Film like, I always like to film, like if I'm going to post, I post five times a week. I always like to film at least, at least six, but I always film seven, at least seven. Usually in one batch session, I can film like nine, nine pieces of content.
Harry: I did two in this, so I'm getting a little bit better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I find the further you get into them. So like the first one, you know, you're rusty, you're a bit , you know, maybe slow, not as creative. And then like the more you do them, the better you'll get at them.
Harry: And like in the same session, you'll get more fluent. Do you have like a, the thing that I was struggling with, like, I was just sitting there for like 20 minutes. was like, I don't know what else I want to talk about. Like, do you have any, you know, and like, I know obviously I can look at content, but then I'm like, okay, well, do you have a, do you, like, do you have a way, you just sort of like, oh, like, find ideas as such? Do you talk to like Claude or anything?
Kyle Musca: This is why I like, um, Reaction style videos, because the reaction, the video, the initial video itself gives me leverage to talk on.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, I would say that they're probably a lot easier to do, in all honesty, simply because these are very, very hard for most people to do, simply because, again, it works for Hire-Up Wellness because he's built his whole account and people know who he is. Reality is, like, most people who don't know someone don't care what they have to say. Yeah, yeah. So it's hard, to finish that off, it's hard to, like, really get them engaged in that initial thing when it's just you talking.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And that's for everyone, like, pull up a couple counts. Even I started doing the, because I was like, you know, I'm going to just do some talking head ones and see how they go. I posted one yesterday, I don't know if it was the time I posted that, but it  did so . It was also the, to be fair, it was also the first one I filmed, and then I filmed a couple after that when I was Like walking around and was like more in the mood to do it. So like maybe they'll do better. But again, it's just about spending the time  around and the process of elimination. It's not, you know, don't expect the first one to go viral. That's not the point. It's to gradually get better over time.
Harry: Of course. Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: This doesn't mean you should. Number two, all these protein-oriented foods. The other thing with the microphone thing as well is because like you will do the hand gestures.
Harry: Sometimes it'll be close. It's louder and quieter.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah. As long as there's no wind, the microphone, the phone mic should get up on.
Harry: Yeah, it was actually a bit windy out there on the balcony at all.
Kyle Musca: You don't need to eat a protein pudding. don't need to eat a highly processed protein. The other thing you could do there actually is instead of holding the mic there, grab like a spatula or some kind of like prop and use it kind of like a microphone. Because again, that's something that's like usually engaging.
Harry: doesn't have to be a spatula. But if it's something a little bit silly, like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Like it's just, again, something. breaks the cycle, something that's a little bit visually out of the ordinary.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: I'll you what, there's one thing I know, if there's a pizza that has, because everybody else is, doesn't mean you should. Number two, all these protein-oriented foods coming out, you don't need to eat a protein pudding, you don't need to eat a highly processed protein bar. I'll tell you what, there's one thing I know, if there's a pizza that has 65 grams of protein and only 10 grams of carbs, it's probably not that good for you. In the bin it goes. You should be getting 90% of your protein intake from whole foods. You can still eat the things you want to eat, but let's not act like they go towards our goals. Just because it says protein on the cover of it, doesn't mean that it's going to be directly going towards your goal. Number three, why are we releasing such long shorts for dudes? Seven inches, no one wants to wear seven-inch shorts. I did not work this hard on quads like this to cover them up with the longest shorts ever. These are the Defiance women's shorts. Banger of a short. I don't get why we have the girls in the tiniest little shorts and we have to rock around in capris. Let's fix that. That's all. Have a good day. Nice, man. Nice. I think the, yeah. Probably. Probably the biggest thing is just the audio on that.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think this is like, yeah, I'm at full volume right now.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that come, when you watch it on the phone, is that all right volume?
Harry: It's not, yeah, it's not as bad on the phone for sure, but it's something I noticed.
Kyle Musca: I was like, oh, I probably should have had it more steady in some capacity. But again, a process of illumination, you you tried that, yeah. Being a six-pack is not. So even this U in frame here looks a lot better.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it's similar to that. Running a marathon is, oh, sorry, yeah.
Harry: Oh, I was just going to say, yeah, sorry, this is the record of this one.
Kyle Musca: Not normal. Only about one six-pack is not normal. I mean, having a six-pack is not normal. The other thing here is that this is the 38%. I'd really start to focus on the tonality side of things.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What? Closely listen to the tonality here. Having a six-pack is not normal. Versus? There's lot of people in there. Running a marathon is not normal.
Harry: Yeah, it's a little bit more.
Kyle Musca: It is louder in a way, but it's not like you're shouting. It's not like you're super. Like this is probably a pullback for me is when I tend to do a higher voice, when I'm filming content, can come across a little bit more aggressive. Where he does a, I think you'd probably be the same as well, where he does a really good job of having still a loud, authoritative voice, but being neutral for male and females.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, that's the only thing I was trying not to be too like, you know what I mean? I don't think you'd come across like, you don't want to be like shouting or anything like that, but it's like, you know, having a six-pack is not normal.
Harry: Yeah, yeah. And I just like put a little bit more oomph into it, if that makes sense. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Having a six-pack is not normal. Only 1% to 2% of men over the age of 25 have a visible six-pack. I'm going go up to 35. What I would do here as well is if you're going to put in something on screen, I'd probably put it up here, which this is great to do, by the way. Next one, I'd put up high.
Harry: I'd shoot it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Just because one, it can get covered there. Or to be fair, if you're going to do that, because there's so much space here, you could put it there. But I would always center it nice and, you know, so people can clearly read it. But having stuff on screen like this is fantastic. You know, if you're going to reference a study, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, you know, a rough estimate of 2% of the United States male population has less than 1% and less than 1% of male world population have visible abs. You know what mean?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, that's good to have. Having a six-pack is not normal. Only 1% to 2% of men over the age of 25 have a visible six-pack. And we go up to 35-plus. That number drops to 0.004%. Now, it can feel normal when you have all these creators on social. And then 0.004. How did you get this stuff?
Harry: In terms of like what? Did I look up?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How did you?
Harry: I was talking to Claude about it, and then I was just using its reference points.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. What I would do is whenever I do that, I get, I don't know if it'll work for me right now. Because like the thing that stands out to me, there is the dash.
Harry: Is there, the dash. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just something that's just running.
Harry: Yeah, that makes sense. I didn't even think about that. Yeah, I think that's the echoing more thing is that first one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because like one thing, I don't do these super often. These are very, very useful though. I would definitely keep doing that. When I did do it, I think it was, I don't know if I even posted it. It was like one of these political ones. Oh, it doesn't let me  skip it. Gosh damn it. It was one of those political ones where I like pulled up screenshots and like highlighted what I was talking about. But anyway.
Harry: So there it is. Yeah. Do you just have a little bit more research into if I'm going to put anything up on the screen?
Kyle Musca: it actually directly? Yes and no. 92% is not accurate. It's definitely rarer than that. Sometimes I say like, find me. Wow factor.
Harry: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other option here, we'll look at in a second here for this specifically, but let me have wow factor. When it comes to talking to a six-pack, it's rarer for people to have a six-pack than it is to become a millionaire. So that's like a really good thing to lean on in that sort of domain.
Harry: Yeah, okay. So really, it was quite interesting.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's doing that. I haven't played around with this massively, but you can come into Google and then ask its AI feature as well, AI mode. Yeah, so I'm going to do it right now because it'll probably take too much  time. But, like, these are good if you do, like, spend some time doing some research and everything into it. Yeah. But that will take too much time for me to do it right now. I won't waste our time doing that. Now, it can feel normal when you have all these creators on social media with shredded abs year-round. I, myself, am fortunate enough to contribute to this exact problem. But I, myself, still feel fluffy when compared to some of these creators, something I battle with even though my fortunate situation. If you're getting discouraged and losing motivation because the things that you're just learning about and starting to put into action aren't having any direct effect yet, please, you need to realize that social media is skewing your idea of what normal is. Everyone should strive for these big goals. And these creators, it is inspirational. We want to be like them. But this is good once you're getting into it, for sure. Be serious. It isn't normal. And the mentality of thinking that you should have a shredded six-pack within... In two weeks, from doing some leg raises and being in a slight deficit, is only hindering your progress and pushing you further behind. Remember, and for your best with your body, stop putting your value in somebody else's body and what their best is. Take it slow. It won't happen overnight, but it will happen if you put in the work day after day, week after week, month after month. Yeah, nice. Was that your second one?
Harry: No, it was actually my first one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Harry: But I just felt I had that topic in my head, whereas the second one, was just scrounging for ideas.
Kyle Musca: And I was like, oh, I'll try that. Yeah, so to be honest, I would probably heavily encourage you to do reaction stuff before getting into those. Like, you can do both, but I just think reaction ones will give you a lot more leverage in terms of use and also give you a lot easier of a talking point.
Harry: I was thinking of using, what do you think of this? If you go to, you know, who's the guy that's got the pump or dump thing that's popping off at the moment? you. Have you seen that? Corey. Corey Eden something. If you have a look, he's got a thing up about, at the moment, I don't know if it is Eden. Sorry, I'm done.
Kyle Musca: Do you follow?
Harry: Yeah, I do. He's had his little thing, so I'm doing the series Pumple Dump, and now he's got like  350k followers from literally just his world.
Kyle Musca: Crazy. Crazy. Yeah, so series work really well. You'll see someone like Matt West also has.
Harry: Yeah, that  or suck or whatever the  it's called, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because series give people a reason to follow along for, you know what mean?
Harry: Corey? Where's Corey? Yeah, him. Sorry, I don't know what the  is I saying. But what I was thinking was there's one of his ones that popped off was this girl doing an ab curl. example, she's wearing like a bright red top. Like it's quite like a , that one there. See that? I was... I thinking, what if I just chopped that little start of that, of her doing this silly  ab exercise, and then me leading into, but having a six-pack is not, you know, is not common. That's sort of like, if you, yeah, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: We'll have a gaze.
Harry: Yeah. Like, she's just doing an ab exercise.
Kyle Musca: Let's try this. This is Pop or Dumb, where I try the internet's most viral exercises to see if they pop or dumb. I'm super excited to try this one. We're using a straight bar, as shown in the video. We want to make sure we're aligning exactly of where we're actually going to crunch, because otherwise the leverage is going to be off. She's got it hooked in her elbows.
Harry: And even, like, everything is doing, like, regardless of, but I was just thinking, like, obviously that specific video got a lot of traction for him, and it clearly got traction from the girl initially as well. So should I use that little snippet from the start as the very first two seconds of my video? And then it cuts to me, and then I know, obviously, it's not filmed as a reaction.
Kyle Musca: I don't know. It depends on the context of it. So I don't know if I'd go down the avenue of how rare it is to have a six-pack off that video alone because it doesn't really speak on how rare it is to have a six-pack or anything like that, if that makes sense.
Harry: Yeah, yeah. I was just thinking purely as just a view factor.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but like it has to be relevant to what you're going to talk about because if it's not relevant, then like as soon as you start talking, people will just like scroll away.
Harry: Yeah. Make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But this is a style you can do. Like you can do a mix of like how you... Oh, you fucker. You can do a mix of how you're sitting there talking and everything like that and review. So there's heaps of different ways you can review content, right? So there's the way I do it, which is this green screen, which is probably a little bit easier in my opinion. Because there's a little bit more editing involved in this to a degree, I guess. Probably not even that much. But you can definitely do them like this as well. So someone who does these really, really well is, there's obviously Torrin, like who does the food one.
Harry: Do you know Torrin? Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like the same concept, right? It's a, you know, video playing at the front, he's in the background type thing, right? But then there's also someone who does this really, really well. And actually, I don't know who someone, yeah, there we go. I don't follow this guy, but like he's, I'm sure you know who he is, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And these work  really well because then you become the guy that gets associated with a certain topic if you do them enough. So for example, this guy, like you never really, like he does do videos where he's training like this, but you can see a lot less engagement, right? Whereas when it's, you know, reaction style video, it's a lot more engagement because it gives people something to look at, right? And then he becomes associated with the thing. A guy that, you know, reacts to girls' , for example, whatever he  does, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You can see a lot less engagement compared to that, right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So these work, again, the law of association works really well. If you're going to train males, I wouldn't react to females.
Harry: You know what I mean? Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So someone who, you know, again, he's just going purely off like  women, basically. Yeah. Mark Carroll does these style of, and again, like you see these big creators. It's like, just look at what they're doing to create content, right? And it's like, it's a reaction. The influencers are going to hate me for this one. Carousel, reaction. Carousel, reaction.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, you can do talk into head ones, but, like, even then, I would have a green screen and something visual of it. So it's like, who were on before? Is this all making sense so far?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, yeah, it is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think just for you getting into it, like, the, these will definitely be, so something like this. This didn't do well for him, but, like, similar concept, right?
Harry: Yeah. He  blasts content, holy .
Kyle Musca: In terms of volume.
Harry: Oh, just volume, holy , they're just, just, oh, the  time, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, they're super easy to do, like, if it's, you know, the only thing you're doing, you can get  loads out. Like, again, I will film in probably two hours, and I'll easily film nine.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, sometimes 12, if I'm in a good mood. Yeah. So it's like, if you're going to do a talk in head one, I'll probably do something like this because, again, there's a visual component that you see.
Harry: Yeah, yeah. Sorry, just on that quickly. Do you, when you said you get like nine or 12 done, right, do you film them all and don't edit a thing?
Kyle Musca: Would you film, edit, film, edit, film, edit? No, yeah, don't edit them. I edit them before I post them because it takes me like literally probably two to five minutes to edit it beforehand.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, that makes sense, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, now, the reason that this didn't go too well, maybe it's the time he posted, whatever, um, but Summer is just around the corner, gentlemen, and that means that it is our duty. He's just talking, he doesn't reference the photo. If you're going to, if you're going to have something like this, reference the photo straight away.
Harry: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Um, it's okay. But also be controversial, you know, this, it's a talking to head one, it did do well, but it's, it's a way that you're. Maybe you've heard some of my- You know who Brendan is, I assume?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so he's very Christian. talks about like, you know, being a virgin and  like that. So it's a bit of a, you know, even that's polarizing type thing.
Harry: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, but he's a good example of like reaction style videos because you see the content that he does. Again, it's pretty much all just reaction style videos for the majority of it. Yeah, and when he does do talking to head ones, they just don't do as well. Not to say that these aren't good to do, but they're only supplementary, I would say, to these style of videos. So the way I would think of it, like this is essentially like a funnel, right? These types of videos, like the reaction types of videos, they get engagement on your account. They get views and eyeballs onto who you are. And then these types of videos are going to be shown to these more closer followers and everything like that. So it's like, that's when you can like, you know, educate. And everything like a little bit more, if that makes sense.
Harry: Yeah, it does. But obviously you got to get them in a funnel first.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, like, yeah, like just get good at it. You know what mean? And then once you're doing enough of these, then it's like, okay, let's throw some of these in there. The other thing you can do is also like reply to comments, which is something I don't do. But like when I first started posting, so I first grew on TikTok initially before Instagram. Replying back to comments was one of the things that really helped me build my following because people will start commenting more because they want you to reply to their comment, if that makes sense.
Harry: It's also good to talk.
Kyle Musca: It's also, if it's a good comment to talk on, it's also good to be able to use that as, I guess, leverage again, to go into a certain thing.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah. That doesn't make sense.
Kyle Musca: Excuse me. Yeah. So that's just it. Then he does do these like. You know, these are probably a lot harder to do because these would be a long-form content piece that he's just, like, repurposed. So I probably wouldn't go into that just yet. But again, like, you can see Fathom's following. He doesn't get, like, crazy views.
Harry: I was going to say, he gets -able views, doesn't he?
Kyle Musca: Jesus. Yeah. But it's because he  spam posts, which I don't think Instagram likes as much anymore.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, this is what I'm using to me. Like, I've scrolled, like, pretty  far. That's ridiculous. Yeah, so it's like, when you do that, you just, you get a lot more overall views, I would say.
Harry: But, like, it's just too much. It's also, I feel like, well, it's like, yeah, I mean, it's like  when Reece Livingstone started  posting so much .
Kyle Musca: It's just like. Yeah. At least with Brandon, like, to a degree, he's kept the quality, you know what I mean?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, like, yeah, so he does a lot of these  ones as well. So the other one I really like as well is, if you know Brandon, you'd know him, you know Dylan.
Harry: I actually don't know him.
Kyle Musca: No, I actually haven't seen his stuff. Yeah, so his views dropped quite significantly. I mean, he still gets good ones, but like, he used to just pop up. But again, you can see the same concept. The number one thing in this, polydextrose, before even protein ID. What's polydextrose? I don't know. It's fiber. It's great for your gut health. It's a prebiotic. actually helps you go to the bathroom. If you want a low-calorie option, it's one calorie per gram rather than four calories per gram because it's fiber. So it's good. You know what mean? So the point, like, don't shy away from the reaction style videos because they're just clearly what, you know what I mean? Like, it's very, very rare that I find someone that can pull off just talking straight to the head once.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And something. Like this, you you're just leveraging this girl being a fellow, you know what mean?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You mentioned to her cats and that there's a swollen, bloated, all these things, and now she's... You know what mean?
Harry: So, again, if you see these videos, so, so  important, make sure you press interested on them, not these types of videos, like whatever you want to react to. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Now, there's another one. The only other style of content I would probably say for you, actually, there's two styles we can look at, right? There's, oh, actually, Sean's another really good one. He's not even who I was meant to pull up, but again, you can see all he does is...
Harry: I've seen this guy before, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I And they  pop off. You know what mean? So, it's like, these things work. He's a really good one for, like, fitness coaching content.
Harry: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, you can make... Again, make sure you're reacting to the style of content that you want your audience to see. You know what mean? Like, for me, I'm kind of moving away from the fitness side of things as much. So I still talk about fitness to a degree, like, yes, but it's not like I'm talking about what Sean talks about, if that makes sense.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, what's bicep tips? Bicep curl with a limp wrist trains your bicep peak. A bicep curl with a neutral grip trains your bicep length. A bicep curl twisting owls works your bicep thickness. No. Bicep curl. That's as simple as it was, 16K.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the other thing to show you how easy these are, right? So you can see here, he's got a black shirt. You can see here, he's got a, like, a navy blue shirt. So navy blue shirt, navy blue shirt, navy blue Blue shirt, navy blue shirt, and then that looks like it's different from there. So even there, he filmed like, I don't know how many that was.
Harry: Yeah, five and one.
Kyle Musca: Six, you know what mean? Like, they're  easy to do. But yeah, you can see, also he's adding a thumbnail, which I think is very smart to do. But, you know, it just pops off, man. Like, this guy would be raking in him financially.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, this guy is good for, I mean, everyone's  name is Sean. This is not who I have my teeth at, um.
Harry: She's two mil. hell.
Kyle Musca: Even his views have dropped off massive. Oh, they're all right, I guess. I don't know. I was just too, too early.
Harry: What's his name? Sean what?
Kyle Musca: Sean K. He kind of does like James Smith-style-ish kind of content.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: People literally drink alcohol every weekend, do no exercise, pay no attention to their calories, steps. So it's like, I just think it'd be a heartbeat for someone to build a big, like he has already built a massive following. So it's like, again, he can get away from doing that . But I feel like if someone just randomly did the exact same video in the exact same way, it probably wouldn't do well.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, I guess this is a different style of content. This is more coming down the coaching, direct coaching one, which you can do. Don't know if you're going to like this. This weight does not mean you have to change what you need. So it's going to change how you're making it. I'm going to give you an example. So it's kind of like talking. This one, I would say, is quite difficult to do. But like, you basically talk while... You're doing something. So someone who's good at that, Alex Gamble, for example, you've probably seen Alex Gamble, yeah?
Harry: Oh, yeah, I have seen these videos before. Super low quality. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is, again, just filming on the phone. It's nice and easy, nothing crazy, and still looks really nice and authentic. I wouldn't film on the, like I used to film on the camera. If I was going to do this style of content again, I would not film on the camera. I would film on my phone. But you can see he talks, but he's always doing something. He's freaking ill-prepped to get 41 grams of protein in two minutes. One of the biggest fat loss mistakes I see is trying to make your schedule fit into your diet. If you don't get paid to eat and train, then your diet needs to fit your schedule. And as long as you stay within your calories, you hit your protein target, and you have some fiber in your diet, you know what I
Harry: Yeah, even just a little, like, zoom in and zoom out of the camera.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. It's good that you're picking that up. This is how you meal prep to lose weight. Everything's very visual. And so this is how, and you immediately look at it while he's talking, you know what I mean? Same thing. Visual, visual, visual. You know what mean?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This slice of cake was 630 calories. Just quickly before I, just to prove my point. Your daily snack choices will determine whether you... I mean, there's always a visual component, whether it's a reaction, whether it's this style of content, whether, whatever it is. Sean, this guy. Now, the other style of content that would be quite easy for you to do, and I think it would actually work really well for you because you've got so much B-roll, is how this guy does it. So...
Harry: Let's see, Sean, fitness.
Kyle Musca: Let me... Is that I look good in clothes, but despite having all day to train. Voice-over. I think this would be fantastic for you because it will allow you to sell your physique and it's, they're  easy to do. All you need to do is voice-over and you just put clips over the top. Rocked up to the gym 50 minutes before closing to hit up a short and sweet chest and back session. Started off with two sets of five to six reps of 140 kilo pause bench.
Harry: I'm hoping you're pressing in a  puffer vest. That's  crazy.
Kyle Musca: Pause sets of 10 repetitions I was able to do with 144. I went on my stupid High Rocks arm. For the third and final set, I stripped back the weight by 10%. I did a back-off set of seven paused repetitions with 125. I think these would be really good because not a lot of people do them anymore, for one.
Harry: But this would just get the gym bros  , you know what mean? Yeah. And they're good to work. Gym bros are good to work with, usually. Who was that other, Sean? The visual one, Sean?
Kyle Musca: Sean, Sean Casey.
Harry: Oh, sorry. Alex Gamble.
Kyle Musca: Alex Gamble. Oh, Alex. Yeah, yeah.
Harry: That's what says some of the stuff.
Kyle Musca: But even like... It must be exhausting being a full-time hater. So I uploaded it. See how visual. See how when Brennan did it, he didn't reference what the photo was, but you can see here he... It must be exhausting being a full-time hater. So he's referencing it. You read it. So I uploaded this on my story doing an all-time wide-grip pull-up PB of no less than 19 repetitions. And Alistair, who's been sending me rather lewd messages since 2021, decided to chime in and say, well, that's not wide-grip. Well, what is it, Alistair? Because quite clearly you can see my hand placement being outside of shoulder width. Are you also going to take issue with the fact that I used lifting straps? Are you also going to say that it doesn't... See how he's constantly pointing to the video, which keeps your eye continuously engaged back and forth between him and the video?
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, you know, didn't do crazy, but it was all right. know.
Harry: haven't seen this guy before. He's got some good stuff to it. I think you're absolutely right. This is much more like what I could be good at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Let's say you did two voiceovers a week of more training sessions, maybe a full day of eating, whatever. You did maybe three reactions because they're easy to do. That's five posts.
Harry: And you did two carousels as well. You've got seven posts there easily. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. I'd say that. Wait, so wait, say that again. Hold on.
Kyle Musca: So I'd go two voiceovers, two voiceovers, showing off the physique, showing off the workout, showing off the training, showing off the full day of eating, showing off the lifestyle, even, you know, whatever you  want to do to probably, I would say like three to four reaction styles. Cause they're  easy to do. Um, and again, when you start filming them, the more you do them in that session, you'll get better at them. So like maybe even film five.
Harry: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, cause again, content is. Finding the quality-to-quantity curve, I like to call it. You know what I mean? Like, if you did the most  quality, you know, cinematic video, but you only posted once a month, it's like no one cares. But if you go the opposite end and you're  shitposting 10 times a day. Yeah, exactly. Like, Brandon's, like, probably more on the quantity side, but he does a decent job of being able to maintain some more quality with that level. Yeah. like when you step into, you know, again, I don't want to throw stones here, but like what Reese did, for example, where it was just like, as soon as a video would come up, you're like, oh, I'm not watching that.
Harry: Exactly. bro. It just was like, oh, I saw something about Alex Homode.
Kyle Musca: I was like, I can't, I don't care. I don't care. Yeah. It's just like, and then you, and that's horrendous because it's like, now, anytime you see the face, I'm not going to say him, but like the face of that person, it's just like, you continue scrolling because you immediately, your brain just switches off. It feels advertising, if anything. You know what I mean? You just know you're not getting any of it. Here we Here we go. 800K. It's a reaction.
Harry: Oh, I actually saw this exact video.
Kyle Musca: Hey.
Harry: I've actually watched this video.
Kyle Musca: I've seen this. Yeah. So, yeah, it's a reaction. can, again, it's a very, very, common occurrence because it's like every time we see a really viral video, it's a reaction. But my ideal arm workout, it's not even voiceover. Sorry. And that's fully not even taking in consideration all the normal content that you already do as well. So it's like between these things that we've spoken about in this session, you should have like crazy amount of volume to post.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And the good thing about them is they're all relatively low effort, if that makes sense. Like you can do the volume on them. Now, if you're going to do voiceovers, like girls are very good at this.
Harry: So, yeah. I've been watching on the, yeah, workouts by Christian. Oh, oh, sorry. Is that who you were talking about? I was watching some of her today. Yeah, she's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now she does this well, right? Cause I was even speaking to Asha about this as well. What she does, if you notice what she does, she always, I think I spoke to you about this as well. She always does like the  cell starter. Yeah.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, like she knows what she's doing.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Harry: That's  cells. You know what mean? It does. It does. Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, we've been over that. So, but she does do decent voiceovers. Another one that does decent is Meet Madeline.
Harry: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Sorry. I've watched her as well. I actually got confused with the two of them.
Kyle Musca: There's another. I swear the best I've ever looked is when I was following, like, a clean-eating, whole-food, anti-inflammatory diet. At the start of my fat loss phase, I was heavily reliant on those processed foods and, like, eating really high sugars. So it's like, you could spend the time to break that down and then just rephrase that to you. Like, I swear the best my physique has ever looked, or I swear the best my chest has ever looked, is when I stopped doing so much volume work.
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, that's very off the top of my head, but you know what I mean?
Harry: Yeah, but I could say, yeah, it's that, I might even just, like, obviously, I know you're flat out, but, like, even if there's some videos, might just sort of, just so I can get used to the mental, like, positioning of it, I might even just flick them through to you and be like, Yeah, definitely. How does this twist sound, or how would I go about twisting this, just so I can get some extra.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Anything like that, send through to me, if you want me to review it. If you film something you want, send through to me. Yeah, 100%, by all means. Who else is there that's kind of good at it?
Harry: Oh, those, sorry, just while it's on my mind, those still shots for the ads, they will look, the actual structure, the way they're sort of set out, everything, happy with that, is there anything I need to change or different?
Kyle Musca: they, yeah, they definitely came up good, this is what I, yeah.
Harry: I've added one more before, but I'm actually going to change the colouring of the letters, I think it's a little bit dark on the newest one that I added.
Kyle Musca: I'd also change the fonts, because like they're all the same.
Harry: Oh, you change, oh, I just, I just like things to be, I just always keep things the same like that. That's all I post on my Instagram itself, is that font.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd probably around with them, try and just use a few different ones. I know why this is struggling so much, but.
Harry: So I was just going to make those two middle bits a bit lighter.
Kyle Musca: Lighter, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you could do that. Um, the other thing is play around with the sizing. I don't mind the small ones, but you might want to play around with some that take up a little bit more real estate.
Harry: You know I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It doesn't, again, just, just so we have variety. Cause it's like realistically, these four are the ones that we probably expect to do the best because they're the first ones he created, but what you expect to do the best and what actually does the best, like you'd be surprised at how, you know, usually those two things aren't the same. Um, I think these ones, I made the writing slightly bigger in some of them. think I can't remember. Yeah. The other thing is, um, one thing I'd, I'd play around with as well. I'm reading this book at the moment, um, uh, direct response marketing is having a three-step plan essentially. So it's kind of like the, I think you did do a positive qualifier one. I don't know why it's not  my own belt. Um, Yeah. So you kind of see how you kind of did this, which is good. Absolutely. And that's how it was intended to be. So a three-step plan, the idea of a three-step plan is it takes away, I guess, the buyers that are sitting on the fence and they do want to kind of take action, but they're like, oh, that's just so much effort. I just don't have the time to do it right now. A three-step plan shows them how easy it is to take action, essentially. So it's like, want to build a physique that turns heads when you walk in the room? Yeah. And then you might not say I'll help you, but you know, you could say like something off the top of my head probably wouldn't be this, but like, it's simple. We'll have a chat about what your goals are and what's holding you back. I'll build your plan, structure around your schedule, your lifestyle. I'll guide you through the entire process to make sure you get the best results possible.
Harry: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: If you're ready to change the direction of your life, DM me now. Let's get changed. Let's get changed.
Harry: type it there as well, by the way. Oh, let's get changed.
Kyle Musca: But does that make sense?
Harry: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't have to be three. It can be technically up to six, but I'd probably cap it at like four.
Harry: Anything more than that, it starts to be like, oh, that's too much effort. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean?
Harry: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, bro. But otherwise, I think they're coming out really good.
Harry: Cool. If I get you four or more of those within the next day, will we get some up and running?
Kyle Musca: How does that sort of work? What do you need from me in that regard? Yeah. So I'd like at least eight just to test them out properly. We should theoretically be good there. I would like to have your videos at least getting edited because it's like if the graphics don't pull through for us, the videos just help us to have a little bit of extra creatives into them. Mix. What you could also do for these, we have time? I don't have time to quickly look at it. Because it's already a 15-second video, you might even want to have it as like a bit of a video background playing. Like maybe it's just you working out or something like that, as long as it's not distracting, if that makes sense.
Harry: Yeah, I could, I've got, I mean, obviously this is taken from a video. could just literally, the videos may just sort of like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just to try it out again, we just want different creatives, different things to split test, because it's like, we don't know what your audience is going to like until we test it.
Harry: Yeah, of course. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Everything all clear with everything we spoke about?
Harry: Yeah, I think so. I also really liked that little breakdown thing that sent through yesterday after the call, that was cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll send that after my calls today as well.
Harry: Perfect, perfect, perfect. But no, I'm obviously getting filming as soon as I'm over in Bali, because I've obviously got the nice background.
Kyle Musca: Is everything sort of set up, ready to go? If there's any questions I have about that, I'll shoot your message. Perfect, man. Perfect. Awesome, bro.
Harry: Yeah, if you have any, if you film any or anything like that, just shoot through, happy to review them. Do think, do you think it'd be worth posting that, the ab one today, the ab, my talking head one?
Kyle Musca: The organic one?
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you could give them a try and everything like that. I definitely prefer the, the first one you, like, the first one you actually filmed, I think.
Harry: Yeah, the one where I'm sitting down. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I don't like the other one. I need to redo the other one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't like that. Yeah, so it's like, if you're not, like, stoked with it, then don't, don't post it, essentially.
Harry: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: In the same sense, don't overthink it as well. Like, if you psych yourself out, that's different, but, you know what mean? But yeah, process of elimination. You've tried it, you see what didn't work about it, you can go back and redo it, and it'll be better now.
Harry: Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Easy. Perfect, man. Awesome. All right, well, save travels, and I will chat to you soon. Sounds good, bro. I'll talk to you soon. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 197/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-07T04:59:51Z | id:144268892
People: Kyle Musca

xavier kelly: This meeting is being recorded. How are you, man?
Kyle Musca: Good, how are you?
xavier kelly: Doing better, doing better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, how's Bali treating you?
xavier kelly: It's pretty all right, the weather's been hot, so yeah, I was hanging out with some friends yesterday, playing paddle, it was good to kind of like socialize and see some other like business people, online , you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, nice, nice. Have you got Bali Belly yet? No, I swear to God, I'm built different for the Bali Belly, I don't know why, I just, and I know exactly where to go and eat, so I've been really, really smart with my food choices. Oh yeah.
xavier kelly: Yeah, I don't explore.
Kyle Musca: It's, yeah, it's probably the way to go, man, it's  inevitable, I swear.
xavier kelly: Yeah, no, I know, I know the good places to go. That, like, have, like, good practices and  in the kitchen.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: And I just stick to those. I reckon there's probably, like, four or five places that I've gone to in the past month just on repeat.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, cool, man. Awesome. We'll dive right into things.
xavier kelly: How have you been overall last week, man? Awesome, dude. I think I really have got the closing kind of at a point where it's sufficient. Probably a couple scenarios where I would get potentially tripped up. But I think I've kind of got the idea of how to handle an objection pretty well. Just, you know, put it to the side, reframe, not tell them, just ask them. And even, like, get into that last bit where I'm just very direct, like, you've got to do this type of thing. And, yeah, I think even my emotions and my language, I've kind of got the desk set up where before the camera was. So my arms would be kind of underneath the screen. So if I did move them, you couldn't see. But now I like move my computer back and I like, I really sit back and I go like, yeah, yeah. Okay. Cool. I'm curious. Okay. I understand. Yeah. That makes sense. And like really doing that. And then also with Tommy, he kind of was like, you just got to control the call. Like as soon as someone hops in and is a little bit wishy-washy, don't be nice to them. Don't have a good day with them. It's like, okay, cool, man. Like, so you, you booked in some time with me about potentially getting some help with your health and fitness. Is that right? And then just like straight into the, into the, the flow. So you keep them narrow instead of letting them like  go away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Yeah. I, um, cause you, Brie recalled, reviewed your call on the group call.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. She said that. Yeah. Closing is definitely. Improved massively. Well, not improved massively because she hasn't had any context before that, but she said it was like, yeah, actually quite good, which is fantastic. I think with all that being said, man, like it's probably worth looking at starting to dabble into ads for you.
xavier kelly: For sure.
Kyle Musca: Just because your cash flow is getting up there, the closing ability is getting up there. Yeah. How are the setters going in your account?
xavier kelly: I think the AIM chick swapped the setter to a new woman now compared to the old one. And she's better. I went into a chat, like it wasn't a booked call, but I went to a chat. was meant to be for a call this morning and the guy tried to reschedule. And she was like, he was like, oh, can we book for Monday? And she's like, no, like next week's fully booked out. So I'll message you when we've got time available to see if we can get you back in. Like, sorry, we don't do reschedules. And I was like, all right, cool. She's like keeping the scarcity. She did really well there. She did a really good follow-up. But like you told me to do for the call yesterday, that close, in terms of making sure that they're going to be on time without making it like an option, that they could not do it or not. But I think I'm just getting her more into it. So I did a stick-a-tap story yesterday, and she's going through that. And yeah, I think she's pretty good on the qualifying as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: Just the volume. Yeah. Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: So you had two calls in the last week. You've closed two of those. How's lead flow been going overall? In terms of people that have come in through the content, and then people that have actually booked from that?
xavier kelly: It looks like there's a good amount of leads. I'm still gaining close to 1,000 followers a day. I think I'm almost at 20. I 220K now. And last week I said to you, was like 210 or something. And every time I check my phone, there's like someone there who's put in their height, weight, age. So it's hard to say. It could be a speed to lead thing. It could be something where I can't have them doing shifts. I just need two setters and they're just like in and out all day. So the speed to lead's there and they prioritise engaged conversations. So if there's anything that's not an engaged conversation, they just drop it instantly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Not necessarily drop it, but just make sure they're prioritising the qualified.
xavier kelly: Yeah, not drop it, but like if there's a person who's just in a chat and just messaged or whatever, get in it so that they stay in it like straight away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely. So let's. Let's have a geese here. A lot of these people coming in from lead magnets or are they coming in from direct?
xavier kelly: I think a bit of both. A bit of both.
Kyle Musca: So this is a direct coaching inquiry. You've had 500 people, 563 unique people come through this, which is insane. That's a lot of volume. Okay, so let's have a geese. Most of them are women. A lot of them aren't clicking. I don't understand why that's...
xavier kelly: I wonder if that's potentially sending to... Requests.
Kyle Musca: of reasons. Yeah, a couple of reasons. It could be a request. It could be because they're just  brain dead and they just think...
xavier kelly: They're all done.
Kyle Musca: Maybe that will die down, but still, you've had 200 people, 170 women come through, 36. So women definitely seems to be your ideal. you. I'm sorry. I'm With. Women who need to lose between 6 to 15 kilos seems to be ideal. Struggling with hormones and cravings, which makes sense for that older demographic. And a lot of them working full-time, which is good. So, mean, like 56 of those people, yeah, I mean, it's not the worst booking ratio, I guess, depending on how many calls have actually booked since then.
xavier kelly: Yeah, maybe we should add a tag on those ones where it's anyone that gets on that lead magnet, but just doesn't open it up. So it's like people that commented ready, but didn't go anywhere through the lead mag.
Kyle Musca: You'd be able to tag. You'd be able to tag them anyway. You'd be able to tag them anyway.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because you could, I mean, you could add. Add a tag on that. would have, because it's as simple as just adding a tag to these people.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you'd have to just filter. So let's just say started flow, for example. Yeah. And then you just filter out by, you know, if you want to come in here, you'd say people who started flow and also isn't finished flow, if that makes sense.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'm not going to add that, but probably don't need to do that as much because it's like, realistically, the setter should just be following up with them anyway. Okay. So I'm not going to spend heaps of time doing this, but what we do want to see is how are these conversations going?
xavier kelly: Yeah. Like they do the recent, like. Oh, yeah, they're all recent anyway. She has been following up pretty well, though, I noticed, which is...
Kyle Musca: So one on there, so I'll probably just say to her, she didn't actually ask about pricing, but she did mention pricing in her reply. Figured this was a scam. She messaged you, you're a  idiot. Anyway, May 6th, 1247, May 6th, it's not too bad.
xavier kelly: That was me, for sure. I messaged her now, because I just, I saw it, and I saw it hadn't been messaged back, so I did it.
Kyle Musca: You know what you could do here, is if you want... Because I know you said you wanted to add that, like, initial reply thing, which I think is probably a good thing to do. Something I added on my one is a simple automation. So, for example, basically all this is.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is.
xavier kelly: Oh, sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the contact gets tagged with something. So, for example, you could say, in your one.
xavier kelly: That's so good, actually.
Kyle Musca: Oh, . Add this tag here.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you could add a SMART delay of maybe, like, 30 seconds, 60 seconds or something.
xavier kelly: So it seems legit. yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then it's, like, the only thing here is if you want to make it personalized or not, you wouldn't be able to make their name personalized. But in terms of saying, like, as you said here, I see you're trying to lose fat, but I'm curious. face. It's제�ivimism. what interesting. It's It's이나. It's식ivist. I'm curious. curious. It's All Exactly what you'd like to achieve.
xavier kelly: Oh, yeah, the hormones, cravings, and the amount of fat that they ticked.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like you have to just create a lot of different audio or have many different audio files.
xavier kelly: That's problem, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But you could definitely do that.
xavier kelly: That's it, yeah. I could even do, there's a thing that Taki Moore recommends you do is whenever you send a voice member to a prospect, you break the ice, be like, hey, he was just walking my dog. Or like, hey, I'm just at the gym and I saw your message. So, you break the ice by saying, like, something that's relatable. So, hey, I was just walking my dog and I saw your message. So, I figured I'd just quickly send you a voice memo. Yeah, yeah. I see you, blah, blah, blah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, the way I did that is I just did a little voice memo and then I just saved it to downloads.
xavier kelly: And then you can upload it straight into that. Yeah, that's  cracked, bro. That's going to be so good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, super simple to put up. The thing with that is this gets a little bit kind of complicated. But, I mean, you can just get... Get someone, if you really want to, it's probably worth doing it just to make sure you don't  it up. But you can add like conditions.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So like if the condition is that they, you probably have to add tags here as well, but the condition is they want to lose 15 to, you know, lose weight and they're struggling with , and then they're struggling with hormones, then this happens, for example. Again, that's probably a little bit  advanced for, well, not advanced. You could probably play around and  around with it, but it's probably not worth the to do. Yeah. Well, yeah, that's probably something you look at.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Instantly they think it's not, it's you, like it's blah, blah, blah. Is there a way to like have it like their message instantly? So as soon as they give that last reply, it likes their message? Because that'd be a way to like, because 30 seconds is enough time to get out of the chat, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Probably not like their message, I don't think. I don't see that being possible.
xavier kelly: Maybe just sends an emoji, like a waving emoji, just instantly sends it in like three seconds to that letter like, oh, okay, this guy sent an emoji, he's in the chat, and then it hits the voice memo.
Kyle Musca: You could do that, I guess. But then they might just think, like, you've sent them a weird emoji and then just, like, not replied after that. I mean, you could do it. As long as the voice message is within, like, 60 seconds, it should be fine.
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Maybe I'll A-B test it. So I'll do one lead mag with that, and then one lead mag without it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it would work on your lead mags too, right?
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah, because I put it at the, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you have some female transformations you could use?
xavier kelly: I do, yeah. I do now, yeah. And I've got some older ones too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you might want to go add that into the flow, just add some social proof into there. And then, you don't qualify male, female, do you?
xavier kelly: On that one, no.
Kyle Musca: To be fair, you could do the same thing here. You could be like, hey, because realistically, everyone's trying to lose weight, right?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, hey, recipe only, recipe and cookbook. It's interesting, most people are clicking a recipe only.
xavier kelly: Maybe I could just, like, get rid of that. Recipe-only recipe and cookbook and just send them the next thing. And it goes like, hey, do you also want my fat loss cookbook valued at 79? And then it goes through that as a continuation. I can A-B test it. I'm going to do a post today with a comment chia and I can put that in and see if it has a higher conversion.
Kyle Musca: You could do that. So the option there you could do is like, hey, by the way, just to basically, you'd reword it, but to show my appreciation for the support on my posts, I'll also send you my fat loss cookbook, usually valued at $79 for free.
xavier kelly: Which has helped my client. Blah, blah. Lose 20 pounds in 90 days. Just reply and I'll send it to you. Like a bit of social proof as well, maybe?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but to me, I don't think people would think this deep into it, but it's like you're getting a yes out of them for no reason, if that makes sense. It's like after, then you kind of like then go into another ask. What you could even do here is just rip all this out, send them the recipe, and then, because like how many people are clicking on this? That's and six. So roughly 10%, 11%. And then on that was, I mean, that's 17%. That's pretty  good. And then that, oh , you got a lot of people who clicked yes on that. So that's 34%. So that's, I mean, that's pretty good. you could potentially do is just like basically just send them the recipe, get that out of the way. And then you could also be like, by the way, I'm also looking to take on, you know, maybe five people next week or something like that for coaching. Is that something you'd potentially be interested in? I mean, something similar to this message.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah. If it was the right thing to you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what mean? If so, I'll be in touch when I'm online next.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, you know what So it's like, just get the recipe out of the way, give them something of value so they don't feel, you know, I guess, gross about it, if that's the right word.
xavier kelly: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, they don't feel like they're being  forced to do something. Give them the value, but then just make a direct ask straight out of that.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like most of the people that get on calls or have got about it, they always say, you know, I've been thinking about something like this. So once I saw your story and you asked me, I was like, yeah, why not? So. So, like, it might be good to just ask.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, actually, yeah, so just to follow on from that, I reckon what you could even try here is basically just put this flow after the recipe, if they say yes, potentially.
xavier kelly: Yeah. But it's just, like, direct recipe and then just the normal flow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: But, like, more of a, not, like, as a direct of a flow, more of, like, hey, and also I do XYZ. Like, if you're potentially looking, like, I'm looking for free people next week to lose blah, blah, blah in 90 days, have you thought about potentially getting some assistance to lose that fat and then just runs through the automation?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, essentially, yeah. So, recipe, so that would be the very first thing.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Next thing is, yeah, are potentially looking to, you know, get some assistance losing the weight? Yeah. Yes. Awesome.
xavier kelly: Are you male, female? Hmm.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. How much weight are you looking to lose? What's the biggest thing holding you back? Yada, yada, yada.
xavier kelly: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: I reckon attaching those to just to see what the click-through rate is like.
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because you get a lot of volume through this.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah. I may as well just turn it into the regular coaching application.
Kyle Musca: And a lot of people click the recipe only, which means they never even got prompted with the option. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like just give everyone the option to do it.
xavier kelly: Yeah, cool. Cool, cool, cool. Yeah. So I just make it, yeah, send me the recipe so that they actually get in the chat and then it goes instantaneously into the question.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. That's the annoying thing with the comment, hey, you have to do the two-step thing.
xavier kelly: I don't know why they do that. That's all right because I'd rather not send it to them straight away because they're just going to see it and be like, oh, I'll get back to that later versus they have to open the actual written. This message to get the recipe, which means now that they're in the chat, they're going to see the workflow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but it'd be like how, so, because I was like, put the recipe here, but then I kind of forgot that you have to do it all in one.
xavier kelly: Put the recipe where?
Kyle Musca: Here in this first text block, but then I don't think that would work.
xavier kelly: Yeah, no, because if you put it there, they're just going to see it sent to their phone and they're just going to keep scrolling, right? But if I say something like, hey, saw your comment, just reply to this and I'll send you the recipe. And then it goes straight to the recipe and they're in the chat. So when they see that next thing, they can actually click it versus they just, because every single person I talk to, they just save recipes and they never, ever open them up. Like they don't even, they just, you know, save the video, send to a friend. They're never going to look at them or ever make them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's, well, guess that's essentially the same thing you're asking here.
xavier kelly: Yeah, but I think I could make it, instead of that, it's just very, very simple. Because when they get a notification that they've been sent a message, you only see the first like 12 words or 15 words. So it'll be important that I say, hey, saw your comment, just reply to this and I'll send the recipe. And that means they actually can read it whilst they're on Instagram and as they've commented.
Kyle Musca: So they're like, I'll open up the chat. Yeah, yeah. The only thing there is they have to do, they have to manually add the comment. And then it's just adding like an extra step of friction, which you kind of have to do.
xavier kelly: I can make it that button. I can make it a singular button, just like that. I can make the button. Send it here. Send me it. Or I could make it as well as send it here, responds with anything, and then just sends it to them as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Try it out.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just to give everyone that comes through this initial one, only one option so they all receive the coaching CTA ask.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah. Easy. Awesome. Cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The next thing, yeah. So I think we should probably look at getting ads sort of prepped. Obviously, the last thing for you would be to, you know, be under, well, we've got your cash flow up now.
xavier kelly: You're at around 10K a month. Correct.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And again, ideally, we just continue to get more sales. A lot more of your sales coming in the US or?
xavier kelly: Both. So, yeah, US is probably most of it. And then the, like, the occasional. Professional, Euro, pound, and then an Aussie dollar would be second place.
Kyle Musca: Okay. That's not a bad thing at all.
xavier kelly: Yeah. And I've got a really good testimonial, video testimonial from a, she's a 48-year-old high-level professional at a bloody logistics company managing a big team. And she's going to send me a video testimonial talking about how good the experience was and what she lost and everything.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Okay. So there's two things when it comes, you've got the Cappy set up here. Yeah.
xavier kelly: Cappy.
Kyle Musca: No, you wouldn't have it yet because you have, don't have ads. So the Cappy is a, it's a conversion API. So what we do there is when we go to like a direct ads flow, it'll come through the flow as normal, but we attach this little thing to it. So at the end, when they're a qualified lead. We're also sending this conversion API back into Meta, which will basically tell us that, or tell Meta specifically, that this is a qualified lead, go find more people like this.
xavier kelly: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: So it's really, really important to have. The guy, like I can get the guy to set it up for you. It's $2.50 USD, it's a once-off thing, but it's worth its weight in gold. Because otherwise what will happen is you can only go off like cost per result, which is basically like anyone that clicks the ad, which is not a good metric or indicator at all, because on like a good ratio, it's like two to one. So for example, if you're getting, you know, let's say $10 per message, which would be really good. Your lead cost would be, let's say $20, which again, would be really good.
xavier kelly: But that's like best in terms of it being double.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, yeah, that could be 20 to 40, could be 30 to 60, whatever. I have seen, and the reason the cappy is so important is because I've seen it like, initially when I first figured out how to add it. Everything like that, because I was like, this is just not  doing it. The cost per result's not doing it at all. I implemented it and literally I was getting $20 cost per result, which is, so anything under $21 is considered like pretty, pretty all right. Anything under $15 is considered like very good. I was sitting at like $20. I added the cap in and my actual cost per lead. So people getting to the end of the flow and being qualified was like over $200, which is fine. Like a good cost per lead for me is probably within the $40 range. I feel like that's quite scalable. So yeah, that was just way too far. Like you just left in the dark. So it's super important. What I'll do is I'll grab his name. His name's mindful. Just message him. He knows exactly what to do. Just say, I've sent you. Yeah. Um, and then, oh, you need to. So it was give them access to your meta and ads account, ManyChat.
xavier kelly: Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Do you have an ads account?
xavier kelly: Yeah, MetaBiz Suite, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what you'll need to do there is give me access to it.
xavier kelly: Cool, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: I might even, I'll stop sharing your share.
xavier kelly: Just, it's pretty easy to do, but it can be confusing. Was it Kyle Musca?
Kyle Musca: In terms of, I'm on my phone because my laptop's cooked. Oh, okay. I would probably use your phone, your laptop, because Meta just doesn't talk with it if it's a phone.
xavier kelly: Yeah, no, I'm on the laptop, but you're on the phone in terms of this one.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, right, right, right, right, right. Oh, Guess I don't need to share. It's kyle.empcoaching.com.au.
xavier kelly: kyle.empcoaching.com.au.
Kyle Musca: And that's in the people section?
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah, at people, kyle, empcoaching.com.au. What kind of access do you want?
Kyle Musca: Just give me full access, are you?
xavier kelly: Go, put that on my account.
Kyle Musca: And have you connected your Instagram and Facebook page and stuff?
xavier kelly: Yeah, it's all connected.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. That's nice and simple then.
xavier kelly: Yeah. It's just taking his time. Yeah, I think I'm going to go take my laptop to, like, someone because there's just something  wrong with it. So, but it's doing its thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. All right, well, that should be pretty easy. And then as long as you add me in people, I should be able to assign myself to the things I need. If not, I'll just let you know. Cool. So there's a couple of things we do with the ads. We do videos and we do graphics.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Now, I very much assume that for you, we're going to be going into the niche of middle-aged women?
xavier kelly: I think it's probably best for sure.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Have I got you to do the like target audience form and stuff like that yet?
xavier kelly: I think we might have done it when we first started. But like we kind of just went with the flow just to get as much cash flow as possible.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. To figure out. Okay. So these are three things I need, well, two things I need to fill out.
xavier kelly: The last one is the CEO dashboard. Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: All right. This is basically how we'll track all your ads and everything like that.
xavier kelly: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: This also has a profit and loss and income expenses and everything like that. Mm-hmm. Tabs at the bottom so you can track all your data if you want to. do. Let's Let's We're Thank Now, this looks confusing and complicated. It's very quite simple, right? It's just total ads. Anytime you see a dash here, that's a formula. So don't put anything there. So for example, if we send $1,000 in ads, out of that, we get 50 calls, sorry, 50 leads in ManyChat. Then, you know, we're doing a dollar per lead, which is  crazy. Then from there, okay, let's go 10 just so it's not as wild. Plus per conversion. Let me send this to the guy. Let me see, make sure this doesn't sound. Anyway, that's not right. That should be different, but I'll send that to the guy so don't touch that just yet. Total ad bookings. Let's say out of that 10, you got five calls booked, which is 50%. So again, that's wrong. But anyway, total calls taken. Let's say four of them showed up. So 80%. And then total sales made, let's say you made three sales, and that's the 75%. So the percentages are right, the dollar figure's not. Total cash collected, you made $10,000. So new cash collected, let's say you made $2,000. On that, future revenue, let's say you made $8,000. Therefore, your return on investment is $10,000, and that is also incorrect. So let me screenshot this and send it to the guy because he  that up completely.
xavier kelly: And what do you think is the best way to go through like some kind of form or contract, just jot forms, sending that in the onboarding email?
Kyle Musca: For them to sign, you mean like a, yeah.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Have you seen the accountability form I use?
xavier kelly: No, I don't use any forms or anything like that.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I'm going to delete that. So, yeah, it's pretty self-explanatory. We'll probably do that ourselves together for the first couple of weeks just so you get a good feel for it. In terms of the accountability form, yeah. So what I do, I call it an accountability form. If you need actual data and stuff of them, like through a jot form, then it's great to tie it into that.
xavier kelly: Yeah, and I've got it on my trainer. All right, so. When they download the app, it automatically asks them all these questions that I set up.
Kyle Musca: However you set it up is completely up to you.
xavier kelly: Yeah. I was more talking about like a contract so that it's like you're locked in. This is six months.
Kyle Musca: Yes, that's what this is. So it's just like corrosion or set a little bit. So basically, I just do it this way. So name, birthdate, email, address.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, what's your main roadblocks, goals, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Why now? Yada, yada, yada. Get them to agree to the contract that they signed up on. So like six-month goal, for example. They manually sign it and then press let's transform. But then you'll see here, view full terms and conditions. If they drop down there, it's a full breakdown of the contract they're agreeing to, which they manually sign.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Okay. So that's your, you know, dispute.
Kyle Musca: need agree. this Yeah. Yeah, if they get it. Yeah, yeah. If they say anything, it's like, will you sign the contract?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I call it accountability form.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Nice. Cool. So I've to fill those forms out. I'm just trying to give you access to the thing. It says the internet's a bit slow, so I might need to restart the computer and do it again. But besides that, is there any kind of creatives that I need to start filming or working on?
Kyle Musca: Yes. So once you do this form for me, this will be your tonality. then I'll go away and do some, I'll put together things to build a tonality document. Make sure you spend time doing this properly because this will form all of our DM setting tone, all our marketing tone, everything like that moving forward.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So like, don't rush this. For the client avatar, right? You can paste your client avatar thing in here once you fill that out. So again, make sure you do that properly and in depth. For this as well, like so you'll see one, two, three, four. Each one is a question. Don't just answer the bottom thing. Like every single one is a question. Some people just answer. That doesn't help. So make sure everything is answered. For things like these, make sure that you delete the options that don't apply to you.
xavier kelly: Don't just cross them out or anything like that.
Kyle Musca: Actually delete what you don't need. Same thing here. This is pretty self-explanatory. But just make sure you fill it out properly and in-depth. Now, the first and easiest things to do is graphics. Once I have all that stuff, I can go build out all your ad scripts and everything like that. But we get started with graphics. So what you'll need now with graphics, with any creative writing, especially graphics, don't use AI. Don't use Claw, don't use Tragic T. It's very, very vague. It's not good at creative writing, right? And it always sounds the same as  Tom, Dick, and Harry, who have also used Clawed and AI to write their , right?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So instead, we use frameworks, which is exactly what this is. Yeah. So you'll see each framework has an example underneath it. So you can see how it actually looks, but bold overreaching statement about the result means beyond just physical, right? Which means having a great physique is just one, one, one part of a much bigger shift, you know? So if you, like it might be, um, fixing your hormones or, you know, yeah, struggling with menopause goes a lot deeper than just the physical, physical changes. Just your experience.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You what I mean? Again, just off the top of that. A feature or habit that will transfer into another area of their life, benefit it gives them. So technically you could change that, like, um, you know, you're irritable, yada, yada, yada, whatever. All right. Probably not the best one as an example. Specific demographic. So women in their 40s or 50s struggling with menopause who want to lose six to eight kilos over the next 90 days without crashing their hormones. This is for you. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm looking for eight women who are sick of- Starting over every Monday. Yeah. Sick of letting menopause, you know, control their life or something like that. And this is just at the top of my head, but, you know, feature you'll give them plus the benefit that's really important and gives them, right? So essentially solve their problem here. All right? I'll build you a plan that increases your – I'll build you a plan that, you know, depending on how, you know, markety here you want to sound, but I'll give you a plan that increases your metabolism so you can finally feel like you're making – again, off the top of head, feel like you're making progress or something.
xavier kelly: Finally see the scale budge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. You know what mean? If you're keen to see how I do it, DM me Shred and I'll run you through it. Or you could even just say DM me Shred. Obviously, you probably wouldn't say DM me Shred if it's still a middle-aged woman. All right? Question that names the exact physical goal. Cut fat. So with these – Essentially, just want to be, like, with the, and very, very important with the title specifically, they should know exactly what we're talking about, who we're talking to, and how it applies to them, right? So it's like, you know, want to cut fat, build muscle, and actually see your abs for the first time? Very, very evident what the thing, like, what I'm talking about is and who it applies to. Yeah, I mean, but for example, I said, like, want to break the all or nothing cycle. It's like, that's so vague. What the  does that mean? Who does that apply to? It applies to no one if it doesn't apply to someone, right?
xavier kelly: Yeah. Specifically.
Kyle Musca: Now, with creative writing and everything like that as well, it's very, very, very important. So you've got three things that you're trying to solve, three, I guess, problems you're trying to solve. One is the external problem. This is what everyone tries to solve, and this is, yes, it's important, but it's, like, usually where people go wrong because it's not. be." total problem. Well, That's main thing that the main problem they're trying to solve. So it's external, i.e. lose six to eight kilos. That's the external thing. Yes, it's, you know, nice to have and what people kind of think of top of mind. But the real reason is the internal, which is so they can feel more confident wearing a bikini or, you know, fit into clothes that they haven't been able to wear for years, whatever, right? Again, it's going to, that's going to different, be different for everyone, for everyone's age group and demographic and yada, yada, yada. Now, the third one is philosophical, right? So this is like a, so essentially the external is the thing, lose six to eight kilos. The internal is the, I guess, the benefit in a way. So you can, so those are the usually linking words, lose six to eight kilos so you can fit into into clothes you love. But the philosophical thing is like some. Something like good versus evil or like a moral high ground, for example, which is usually like you ought to be able to or you should be able to. Like you ought to be able to feel confident even as you age. Probably wouldn't say that, but just as an example.
xavier kelly: So it's not so you can, it's so you should be able to.
Kyle Musca: so you can links the external to the internal.
xavier kelly: Yeah, the external to the internal, so you can feel confident. Because you ought to feel like you're aging gracefully. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Wouldn't say that because you don't want to bring age to top of mind, but, you know, I mean, it's like a moral sort of like.
xavier kelly: Because you ought to feel free in your own body.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. Something like that. Like it's a moral high ground.
xavier kelly: Yeah, because you ought.
Kyle Musca: Because you shouldn't have to feel like your besties are behind you.
xavier kelly: That's correct.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like a moral high ground. It's good versus evil. It's yada, yada, yada, right?
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So there's a lot of different frameworks in here. You'll see that it gets down to like this. Might even redo this document, to be honest. But there's more frameworks from here as well. They're just not clear. So there's  heaps of them in here.
xavier kelly: So just make them all a story version of those?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So you can make them in Canva if you want to. They just have to look very organic.
xavier kelly: Yeah. It needs to look just random.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So making them in Instagram is nice and easy. But like the issue with Instagram is if you  them up, you have to go like completely redo them. It's like really annoying. Whereas in Canva, can just re-edit them.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Would you say like having like a very candid photo of me just kind of like looks like I'm training a woman who's 40 plus or just kind of standing in a shot and there's... A lady there, I'll kind of like, looks like I'm giving her helpful, inviting, calm advice could increase conversion.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Like the image, the environment has to match the demographic. You know what mean?
xavier kelly: Yeah. So if you're talking to middle-aged women, there's no point in you having a photo of your shirt off looking shredded, you know what I Yeah, just like a nice shirt. Yeah. And I can use AI for that. I've got some really good tools that you literally cannot tell if it's fake or not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, absolutely. Right. This is how they kind of should look. Also with these as well, make sure they're a video. So put them, make sure they're a 15 second video.
xavier kelly: Just put some like royalty free music in the background.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The reason for that is because if it's just like five seconds, then it doesn't give them enough time to actually read what's on the story before it moves on. Whereas if it's a 15 second video, then the whole story will play for 15 seconds. I think you can make them 20 or even 30 seconds if you wanted to. But yeah. But essentially, like, this is kind of how they should look. Want to cut that, build muscle and get six-pack abs.
xavier kelly: So if it's 15 seconds, is that, like, the longer the steal, the more it costs?
Kyle Musca: Or how does that work? It just lasts longer. So it's like if you go post a graphic on your story right now and there's no music long does it last maximally?
xavier kelly: Like 15 seconds is the maximum?
Kyle Musca: I think stories technically can last up to, like, a minute. But, like, I think it can. I think what it does is it breaks it into multiple stories, which you probably don't want.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, okay. I just do 15 seconds because it's plenty of time for them to read it.
xavier kelly: Is it the same cost, though, regardless?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, same cost.
xavier kelly: Have you A-B tested anything that's, like, over 15 seconds to 15 seconds?
Kyle Musca: I haven't. But, like, I know if you do a video, for example, on your story, it will break it up into multiple different videos.
xavier kelly: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, yeah. But, like, the idea of this is we don't. We it to look at you. That's why we create them in Instagram. Yeah.
xavier kelly: But realistically, it shouldn't take them longer than 15 seconds to read that. You know what mean? Cool. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
xavier kelly: You never know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You can do 20. You could try 30.
xavier kelly: Yeah. I was going say, just because like older women, you know, they might be slow. Like, I don't know. It could be something to play around with. It's more that you can read it, but it's like getting to the bit where you're about to comment six-pack. That might, before you click and then you internally think, am I going to comment or not, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you can do, I wouldn't do anything longer than 30 seconds, but you can make it how you want. I'll try it. Right. Also, the other thing I find is be very, very tangible. Anytime you can add a numerical value, add a numerical value. So I'm looking for 12 men who want to shred 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks.
xavier kelly: You know what I mean? Do you Have any guys or girls that are focusing on this demographic like I am that are running ads?
Kyle Musca: No, I have had in the past. Again, so I should preface by saying that, either be very numerical or be very specific.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for women in there, yeah, again, it comes down to the demographics. I'm glad you brought that up because women in their like 40s to 50s, for example, they're not, yes, they want to lose some weight for sure. But that's not their primary factor, know what I mean? Like they want to lose weight to be healthier more than to look  in  teeny.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You what mean? So you just have to be really specific.
xavier kelly: Yeah, yeah. I think one thing that I read is that they love like a story or a woman who they can relate to and like a triumphant defeat and feel good versus be like my client because they see like. Like super shredded girl and they're like, they get a bit like, oh, you know, intimidated.
Kyle Musca: So on that, yeah, probably more so in videos than in graphics.
xavier kelly: It's kind of hard to tell a story in a graphic. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But the reason stories work so well is because we've been so preconditioned to them in human history.
xavier kelly: Like, you know, that's how knowledge has been shared.
Kyle Musca: So human brain can consume a story really, really well without, you know, burning too many, essentially burning too many calories to do so.
xavier kelly: For sure.
Kyle Musca: Like, it's just easy to, like, interpret and it's easy to remember. That's where you could definitely tell a story of, like, this is where social proof comes into heavily with the actual ad graphic, the videos and stuff like that. Because it's like, when you tell a story and use social proof, you're basically showing, you're relating to the viewer who feels the same pains in the same position as they are. And then showing how you've been able to help someone in that exact same position make the change. So therefore, you...
xavier kelly: Can help them as well. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Cool. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like goal, dream outcome, right? Or like by the end, what they can expect. If you're keen, DM me six pack. I'll show you the system. I've used to help a thousand men. again, tangible, cut over 10,000 kilos of fat. All right.
xavier kelly: Yeah. I'm helping over a thousand women, reclaim their energy, and take control of their lives.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
xavier kelly: So nice little FIFO on there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So yeah. You know, 12 men, 40, 50 hours per week. One drop 10 kilos over the next 90 days. There's four different numerical figures in that. All right. Again, good feels as menopause. You might not want to do. But again, just be very, very specific.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. And like for my one on the job thing, it's like, have you been sitting like down or like, have you been taking care of everyone around you and not taking care of yourself?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. To some degree.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Stop putting other people's needs in front of yours. And, you know, are you putting other people's needs in front of yours?
Kyle Musca: But even that, see how, even that is vague. If you're going to put that as a title.
xavier kelly: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Cause it's like, well, yeah, I have, but that's pretty much every woman, every mother. You know what mean? So it's like, it doesn't quite a weight loss.
xavier kelly: It's not selfish to look after your, it's not selfish to want to better your health. In the title- Maybe that's the philosophical one.
Kyle Musca: So for this, for example, like you could technically do something like that, but the second line under that would have to be very- So the rule of thumb is within the first five seconds. They should be able to see a video or a graphic and understand who you're talking to, what it's about, and how it applies to them in the first five seconds. So it's like, if you're going to put it here, say like, um, you know, in, in order to, in order to take care of everyone around you, you must first take care of yourself. That could be the title, but the next line has to be something like, um, you know, something about weight loss, something about, maybe I keep it like direct, like, like lose, lose the stubborn fat, reclaim your energy because you shouldn't feel.
xavier kelly: Guilty for wanting to better your health.
Kyle Musca: Yes. Something like that.
xavier kelly: Yeah. Okay. I think I understand.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So again, play around with it. Whenever I tell people to do this, I tell them to not use AI at all because like as soon as AI, you get an idea from AI, even if you do reword and everything like that, it can like still sound like AI because it's coming from that angle, if that makes sense. Because again, what we're trying to do here is we're trying to dig into people's like emotions, into their pain points, into their dream outcomes and everything like that, that, um, you know, if you use AI, then it's, it's a robot.
xavier kelly: It doesn't really understand that as well. Yeah. And as, with the Cappy or in meta, am I able to see which ad is the most performing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it'll be, yeah. So it pulls that data through so we can see which one's pulling in the best, you know, cost per lead and total leads and everything like that.
xavier kelly: Cool. And that would just be like, uh, so it's just one of those. Things where we do graphics, we change up the wording, the image, and we test, and then we just double down on the ones that work.
Kyle Musca: So we need at least eight, and we'll upload them all at one time, and then we'll just let the algorithm, yeah, and then we'll just let the algorithm, because it's got a strong AI algorithm, test the ads, and then I'll sort of manage and scale them. Because, like, even with, yeah, like, basically how the ads work is meta just wants to take your  money. So it's like if you don't know what you're doing, which is why so many people waste so much money on ads, then it will just take your  money. So it's like you need to be able to manage and scale them properly, but again, we do want to use its tools when they work for us in our advantage, but then you've obviously just got to be really cautious when they don't.
xavier kelly: Cool, cool. So, like, start off with eight, see which ones does well, and then go from there, and then just, like, kind of test little ones here and there just to kind of see if anything else.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, essentially. Cool.
xavier kelly: then with AI, you can go crazy as well because like the creatives and the images and the backgrounds you can play around with and like really pump.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. You can definitely do that. But we'll start with the graphics. Get those forms back to me and then I can do all your tonality documents and write your scripts for you and everything like that.
xavier kelly: And then we can get video ads done as well. Awesome. Okay. I'll do that today.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then what you might want to do is like maybe create one or two and just send me through as like just so I can proof it and give you feedback before you go create all of them.
xavier kelly: Cool. I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, man.
xavier kelly: Cool, brother.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Otherwise, doing really well, man. Definitely improving week on week, which is fantastic. And if we step in the world of ads and it does well for us, man, it can be a  piggy bank.
xavier kelly: For sure. For sure. I think like really good with the offer so far. think one thing in the future that would be like awesome is if you had like some kind of role. Playing section or something like that where I just think that's the fastest way to learn is like do the reps. So I don't know if there's like an AI role player or something that like you could incorporate so that when people just get in that bottleneck, they're not like practicing live. They can have something where they can just get like a ton of reps in and practice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what I might even, yeah, I'm sort of looking at how I can put all that together for people now. Might do the group coaching or I might even get like a sales, weekly sales, actual like, so you work with a sales coach, for example.
xavier kelly: But again, I'm just sort of piecing it all together. Yeah, yeah. I think there's some AI stuff right now where you can role play and you could probably even like compartmentalize it where it's like I'm struggling with the start of the call. Okay, we'll just work on the start. I'm struggling with the end of the call closing and it just kind of keeps, you just keep working on the end of the call bit. That could be something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, 100%. Like, yeah, could even build a project and just invite people to it. Yeah, that's a good idea. I'll keep that in mind.
xavier kelly: Easy as. All right, I'll get to that now, and I appreciate your time, bro.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, man. Let me know how it goes. I'll send you a recap after this, and then we'll go from there. Thank you. Ciao, ciao. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 198/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-07T05:37:59Z | id:144272780
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Do the answer? This meeting is being recorded. Pardon?
Bre Colley: I said, do really know the answer? Slow.
Kyle Musca: Where did I put that  thing?
Bre Colley: In WhatsApp.
Kyle Musca: No, I'm trying to do something really quick before I forget about it. Two seconds. Do you feel like you're checking it?
Bre Colley: No, I didn't feel like it was worth it.
Kyle Musca: No, you've got to go fill that out. You fill that out right now.
Bre Colley: Are you joking me? Why? There's literally nothing to say.
Kyle Musca: Have you fill out your DCO dashboard?
Bre Colley: Let me see if she's done it.
Kyle Musca: Has she done it?
Bre Colley: Yep. I just sent you the link to the new one.
Kyle Musca: I don't think, I'll check in a second, but I don't think that was, I'll check it now. So you had nine ad bookings in the last week, but you only had two calls. What happened there?
Bre Colley: They all cancelled.
Kyle Musca: Oh, what the ? Why?
Bre Colley: I don't know. Like, they didn't tell me. I just realised that as I'm looking at it now.
Kyle Musca: Do you want to – okay, let's pull them up and figure that out.
Bre Colley: Well, one of the girls just stopped replying. Alex is tomorrow. So, is 11th, so Saturday. So there's two that haven't had theirs yet. Ronnie.
Kyle Musca: Where did they come in from, the lead magnet or the direct response?
Bre Colley: Um –
Kyle Musca: Mission on screen.
Bre Colley: Huh? Mission on screen. Okay. There's, okay, so she cancelled.
Kyle Musca: Let me search her.
Bre Colley: Okay. Sorry to Flake, I just can't commit at this stage, as life is a little chaotic right now on touch base. Should I be able to?
Kyle Musca: What a fat . This girl's a bit of a time-waster. She says she's not working. Loser. Oh, actually, I just realized that the girls coming in for your US ad are going to get the kilos.
Bre Colley: Um, maybe I should, oh, it's hard because it limits how many characters you can put.
Kyle Musca: Nah, so what you can do is like, um, you know, how much weight are you looking to lose? And then you can just do like five to eight kilos, or you could even do zero to eight kilos. Um, and then do dash or like, sorry, hyphen, uh, whatever the  hyphen things are. And then just do like the pounds thing. So for example, if it was just like, let's say zero to eight, eight, zero to eight kilos, dash, dash, zero to 16 LB. You know what I mean?
Bre Colley: Something like that. Oh yeah. Zero to eight kg slash zero to...
Kyle Musca: Can you please also put together a document with your best, ideally, 10 video testimonials? If not, anywhere between five to eight, we'll do.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Are these girls that have pre-recorded themselves?
Bre Colley: Yeah, I have some with that and then some that I've recorded.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I did that and then I sent them to run. I didn't feel very good when I was calling them, like felt all right, but not anything crazy. But then when I got them back to them, I'm going to create these even shorter. He still made them a little bit long, but just get like the best 15 to 20 seconds of this. But basically, I was on the phone with him and it was like, I feel like a million bucks. So it was good, man, just having the group there and having Kyle, like messaging me all the time and getting on a call. Week and stuff like that. It's just nice to have some accountability and wanted someone there to sort of guide me and he helped me out heaps, man. I can't think he's enough, really. What did you sort of struggle with the most? sort of jumped into the program. Coping mechanisms, man. My biggest coping mechanism was food. That was like 10 years of just a real  cycle, you know. It wasn't until the last sort of year that I started training properly again. Then when the challenge came up, it was like, now is probably a good time, better than any other time to dig in, you know, and have a crack. Biggest change for me is like using training and walking, especially using that as a coping mechanism rather than going straight to the foot.
Bre Colley: So I'm going to get him to cut that down a little bit better, but it came up pretty good, eh? Yeah. Yeah, no, it did. That's really good because he just cut like the key points.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you just ask him loaded questions and then just get them to cut that part. Yeah.
Bre Colley: Can you send me that so I can use it as a reference?
Kyle Musca: I don't know if that'll work for you, but, you know. So, yeah.
Bre Colley: No, it does. Oh, wait. No, it doesn't.
Kyle Musca: Then we got Craig, one. So we're with one of the lads from the EMP team. Craig, you want to tell us a little bit about yourself? So, yeah, I'm from Australia. I'm a fly-and-fly worker, train operator. I work long hours, but I always got time to make sure that I get to the gym and all that, too. It's been beneficial for me. I've been with the program for 16, maybe, plus months. I've learned so much. Yeah, it benefits my health and my confidence as well. How is the program being helped with... Anyway, that's been too much.
Bre Colley: You should put a hook on that. Just...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, again, I want him to cut it down even further and just get the absolute best parts. Yeah. Anyway. Okay, so... One thing is concerning is like this, whatever the  is happening here.
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So the other option we could do there is just recreate all your graphics that you put into this one, but change the trigger word. So we have like a US trigger word and then we can just have a US automation.
Bre Colley: Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Well, I've literally just done the whole thing on the manager.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I mean, for right now, we need to figure out why, why are you getting so many girls here messaging? True, but not finishing it. Like, what's going on there?
Bre Colley: It's just, like, people just not replying and, like, just keep, like, ghosting.
Kyle Musca: So these girls haven't even finished the... Yeah, they haven't even finished Actually, sorry, a lot of them were coming through this one because the media by accident only put up your lead magnet one for some stupid reason. But I turned that off today, so she'll be fine now. I definitely think we need some US videos up for you, though. So if you can get them filmed ASAP.
Bre Colley: Well, yeah, I'll have to do them next week because my eye just... It's... I've tried filming content. looks horrible.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. That's right. Now, there's also this one, which means... Which is good. Like, this is a little bit high for you, but that's good enough for us to, you know, keep... Hopefully, it continues to improve on that one.
Bre Colley: Is that US?
Kyle Musca: No, it's Australian. But I do think we should probably maybe play around with doing the US lead magnet, especially if we want to do the retarget thing because, yeah. And your lead magnet is still pulling in at really good.
Bre Colley: Now it's, I think I got really great traction and now it's just like  people.
Kyle Musca: Have you looked through the conversations of the lead magnet people?
Bre Colley: Well, a lot of the time people just say no or they just ghost by the time I sent it through. So I don't know why it's different. See? I don't know why it's done that. These are like, oh, that was three days ago.
Kyle Musca: That's because it's still  up, this thing. Can you check out on how many people have given you their emails for the qualified masterclass?
Bre Colley: Well, the thing is, we changed it. was like 200 and something on like the job form, but not sure how to check on go high-level sites, 10 forms, masterclass. Submissions? 140.
Kyle Musca: So it's at like 400 almost.
Bre Colley: Yeah, it's been a lot.
Kyle Musca: That'd be really good because they'll help you to build your emailing list and then we'll just do like a simple little retarget.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Well, I have a call with the girl doing my email marketing today and see how we go with that.
Kyle Musca: Which ones were your better videos, do you feel? Those ones or these ones?
Bre Colley: Those ones all look . Those ones are better.
Kyle Musca: Like these ones better?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How much better do you feel? How many of those ones are?
Bre Colley: Quite a lot. Like the other ones, like I just, yeah, not a bad.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you technically didn't get low call volume booked. You just had a lot of people cancel normally.
Bre Colley: Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: Like it could have been better, sure, but like, it's not horrible.
Bre Colley: I just had a call with a girl that kind of was just, like, a bit rushing me. So she's going to chat to her partner, but, again, I'm not saying it away. Who the  knows?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I mean, like, yeah, you haven't actually had that big of a drop-off. It's just been probably abnormalities with show-off. I think it's probably more of issue than anything.
Bre Colley: Well, that's the thing. So we changed the thing. I feel like maybe I should bring back what I was doing before, which was a little bit harsher.
Kyle Musca: Oh, will you make sure you showed up? When did we change that?
Bre Colley: Last call.
Kyle Musca: You had a drop-off before then, though, so I don't know if that actually does make a difference.
Bre Colley: Right, okay. Not enough data to know.
Kyle Musca: So last. Cool, let's just say, can I edit this please? Are you sending them the night before message?
Bre Colley: Yeah, my closest should be, yeah, for sure. Yeah, you're good.
Kyle Musca: reload, , that's why I  said it. Idiot. Yeah, we'll keep an eye on that. Because technically, when we look at it, right, hopefully that one comes down quite a lot. We've just launched a US one, which hasn't had enough time to really, neither of these two campaigns have really had enough time to test properly. So hopefully they both come down. This is still low. Like, this is still a really good cost per lead. So it's like, I reckon we give One more. Also, there's a lead magnet part here that she should be filling out. These should be separate.
Bre Colley: Is that a tab?
Kyle Musca: No, it's just scroll down.
Bre Colley: What do I say to her?
Kyle Musca: It's like a lead magnet stuff put into this one and direct response put into that one. Now, with the retreat, what I think you should do there is it's – I found very much from me running this challenge that the wording of the advertisement is really  important, like, obviously. But instead of framing it as, like, a giveaway or anything like that, because I found that brought up really  terrible quality leads, I would frame it as I think a big aspect is going to be community. Like women that are going to be interested in going to this retreat are going to be very community-focused and be surrounded by ambitious, like-minded women like themselves who are seeking to become the best versions of themselves in every aspect of life. And what this retreat is going to be is it's going to be, you know, and frame it as like a networking event where you're going to be surrounded by other, you know, empowering women who own their own businesses. Have, you know, entrepreneur, whatever the , you know, and use those words. Now, this book I'm reading is really, really good for this specific reason, like marketing message and everything like that. For each one of your ads, I want you to solve one. All right. So for example, like don't try and solve, you know, two or three, which is kind of what we usually do. Just solve one problem. You know what mean? So now he says it in a really good way. You've got, there's three problems we need to solve for people. One is the external. This is what most people focus on, right? Which is like lose six to eight kilos, right? Yes, it's what people want. But the real thing that they're wanting to achieve that external, like solve that external problem is for the internal problem, which is the so you can't. Lose six to eight or how they feel. Lose six to eight kilos so you can feel more confident in a bikini, right? So for example, your one problem solution is yes, you say lose six to eight kilos, but the one problem you're attacking in that video ad is so they can increase their confidence. Now, the third. The third one, the third problem he speaks about, which I really like, is the philosophical problem. And this is like a battle of good versus evil or like I guess a moral, like there's a morality about it because you deserve to feel confident, because you deserve to live your best life or like because you ought to, you know what I mean, or because you should or because you shouldn't have to, because you shouldn't have to feel uncomfortable wearing your favorite clothes out to dinner. Does that make sense?
Bre Colley: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I really like from what he said so far is develop a three-step simple plan for what they need to do to take action. So, for example, the reason this is so important is because there's a lot of people out there that would be like sort of sitting on the fence about doing it, right? Like they've been thinking about doing it for ages, but they just don't want to  around with doing it. Like I'm sure I'm definitely kidding. You're like, you don't actually go and do something because you're like, oh, it's going to take so much time. It's going to be so complicated. I don't have the time to do it right now. But if you can say that it's a three-step or it's between three to six steps, I would probably cap it at four, to be honest, of exactly what they need to do in order to get started and simplify it, then they're more likely to take action. So, for example, we're going to help you build your confidence. And all you need to do is three simple steps. First, shoot me a message and we'll have a chat about where you're at and what your goals are. Second, I'll build you a game plan that's suited for you and your lifestyle. Third, I'll guide you through the entire process and keep you accountable so you see it through. It sounds simple, right? It's a simple thing for them to do.
Bre Colley: Yeah, seriously. Maybe I should listen to this book too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's actually really good. It's really practical.
Bre Colley: That's what we love.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, yeah, he definitely talks about the internal car. Like, there's one thing he uses, like, I think it's the largest, like, rental car dealership thing in America, is because they don't sell used cars. They sell, I think it's like not having to talk to anyone or anything like that. Sorry. Yeah, they sell the fact that their salespeople aren't based off commissions. So what they see on the price tag is the price they'll pay. You know what I mean? So they, because, like, the most annoying thing, like, the reason people don't, or the most anxiety, I people have about walking onto a used car dealership is that they're about to have some snake oil salesman about to try and sell them their soul or some . Yeah. know what mean? Where it's like, if you say, I'll... Our salespeople there don't get paid differently by, like, a different commission structure or however they  word it. Then people know that they're not just trying to sell them, you know, the most expensive thing or whatever the .
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, and so it removes that anxiety. That's what they sell. That's the problem people face when they go into, the internal problem people face when they go to rent a car, right? The other thing is create a villain, right? So a villain could be other  coaches. A villain could be influencers on Instagram. Does make sense?
Bre Colley: Yeah. So in an ad, how would this kind of come together? It'd be like, girls, if you want to lose 8 to 10 kilos so you can feel more confident in a bikini because you deserve or you shouldn't have to feel uncomfortable wearing your favorite clothes to dinner, would you then do a trigger or no? I guess that kind of is to a degree a trigger. Sorry, agitation.
Kyle Musca: We don't, he's, he's, yeah, you would do it. You would do an agitation. But it's like, yeah, you, yeah. So it's still the similar frameworks. The frameworks are still the same. So like, for example, proof plan promise, for example, proof, yeah, proof plan promise would be, oh, the other thing is tell a story. Like stories are super, super important. So this is where social proof comes into play. So don't just say my client Janelle lost  five kilos. You know, Janelle came to me, Janelle came to me looking to lose six to eight, looking to lose eight kilos because she'd struggled for so long, just not feeling confident in her own skin. You know what I mean? She had tried everything from, she'd worked with other coaches who didn't really seem like they cared about her success. She tried influencer workouts that didn't match her lifestyle and she was almost ready to give up. That's exactly when she came to me. We sat down, we had a chat about what her goals were and what was holding her back. I built her a plan around her busy schedule while also keeping in all the things that she actually loved doing or loved eating, whatever you  say. And then I guided her through the process so she never felt alone and she always had someone there she could rely on to make sure she pulled through. You know what mean?
Bre Colley: Yeah, you feel like, oh, that's me too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly, right?
Bre Colley: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, after working with over 500 different women, I'm so confident that this works that if you... If you join, you know, the program, you don't see results you absolutely love, then I'll give you a full refund plus $500 for wasting your time. So if you're actually serious about making a change, shoot me a DM now. The other thing he sort of does touch on, which I might even change in mine, is I always say, like, if you're to learn more, DM me XYZ. But he says, like, don't do that, almost just tell them, like, DM me Thrive now. DM me Thrive and let's get you started.
Bre Colley: People need to be babied.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Right? Um, are you struggling with anything else at the moment, bud?
Bre Colley: No, just that.
Kyle Musca: I'm to give you ads a little bit longer. I do want to, I'm going to see how these go over the next couple of days. If not, what I might even do is, if these don't start pulling through for us better, then I'll, I still want to do that new campaign structure, but I might even like create a new lead magnet one to try and refresh the targeting pool a little bit.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah, I'll film, I'll film like next week, I'll film some more ads and I'll do, I'll just change the hook essentially about, and use what you just said. I'll just change the hook twice. So like a US and then it was so that I'm filming for both, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. do that. Just get in the habit of any time you say kilos, just add a pounds version.
Bre Colley: Yeah. Yeah, I can do.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. The other thing I'm testing as well, so just so you are aware, one thing is I'm testing on...
Bre Colley: Really?
Kyle Musca: Customer lookalikes. So those were my customers. It's still a bit high now, but I'm hoping it will come down. kind of have high hopes in it. It's a bit high. It's higher than I'd like it. And then also meta-ads. Sorry, Facebook, which, you know, not ideal because it hasn't actually pulled any leads through for me yet, . But I'm going see how that goes. Maybe that brings a better demographic of people.
Bre Colley: What about like... No, that's not connected. I wonder if you could do, like, X or LinkedIn.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, probably not. You can't do, you definitely can't do it through Meadow, but, um, yeah, well, baby, um, oh, I should just, okay, baby, um, if you have any questions, let me know.
Bre Colley: Okay, sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Okay, all right, see you.
Bre Colley: Bye.
Kyle Musca: Bye.


>>> 199/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-07T06:58:03Z | id:144278615
People: Kyle Musca

asha: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, how are you going?
asha: Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: I'm good, thank you. How'd you go?
asha: I didn't close her. , she was annoying, though. But it was good. Like, feel like I did a lot of good objection handling. And in the end, I was like, babe, you just told me you hate yourself, but I can't make you change your mind. So, like, obviously, I didn't just say that. I was like, okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, sometimes, like, if it gets to it, you can say that.
asha: Well, I basically did. Like, and I said to her, she's like, you know, I just feel like I need to go off and think about it. was like, do you, are you the type of person that just, that's what you do when it comes to making decisions? She's like, no, I usually just jump the gun. I'm like, so what's holding you back? From doing this. Like, I did the whole husband thing. I was really happy with how I handled it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Some people aren't going to buy.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, I guess, you know, a good one to add there. You can, you we can even review it if you have it. But a good one to add there is like, if you're far enough into the objection cycle, it's just like, I guess, you know, when it comes to these situations and you're kind of, you know, sitting on the fence, I guess, I like to think of like what carries, I guess, more risk. So like what carries more risk to you? Jumping off this call and not doing anything and basically just accepting that nothing's going to change, right? Because nothing has actually changed. Or, you know, deciding to commit to something like this, taking a little bit of a leap of faith. You know, I do have that guarantee there for a reason, but still taking a little bit of a leap of faith. And then just putting your best effort to make sure that you get the absolute most out of this program and you can step into that woman that you know you want to become.
asha: Do you want me to bring the call up?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you, is there anything specific you want to cover in this session?
asha: I feel like I'm definitely getting a lot more confident with objections and obviously becoming a lot more confident with the script as well. So now it's just, you know, I feel like the leads that are coming through, one is showing up, which is amazing. And now I guess it's just really, I don't know, maybe we go over this call. I don't know. I'm just happy for you to be like, this is what I think you need to work on because, like, I'm open to  everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think from the sounds of it, the DM setter was a huge sort of addition in terms of getting more, maybe more calls booked. I'm not sure about that yet, but probably definitely on the show-up rate side of things just because, obviously, just post-booking and leading up to the call is super, super important. How many calls did you have booked this week total?
asha: Sorry, I didn't even do the  form. I've had, like, client calls and then that call, and now us. Where's my calendar? Yeah, busy's good. Okay, so. One, two, three, four, five, six. So, six, seven. Eight calls so far, and I was able to close one, two, four of those out of the six, which is great. And then I have... I I had a call on Friday. She must have cancelled. I don't have any more this week.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Show-up rate? What was that?
asha: Everyone showed up this week.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Fantastic.
asha: 100% show-up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, it seems like the Seta addition has made a huge difference. Yeah. That's fantastic.
asha: Yeah, thank God. I was starting to be like, what the 's wrong with me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Nice. It's just like delegating once you've got the cash flow just makes your life a lot easier. And that's what we want. We want your money to work for you.
asha: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: At the start, it's kind And I'm like, if you've got low cashflow, then you've just got to be in the trenches. You've got to just, you know, do the work and just accept it. But then it's like, once you get the cashflow up a little bit, then you can start delegating, which allows you to, then it's essentially just reinvesting so you can earn more is what it is. I think it's probably worth us now starting to look at getting into ads and just start sort of piecing it together, getting ready to launch that. We'll get ready to do it. We'll get all the craves and stuff like that. I want to see how things go because there's a lot of fear in the Australian market at the moment, which is very  annoying because of all the fuel and everything like that. But in saying that, where is your demographic? I think I've asked this before, but where's your demographic based on socials?
asha: Oh, my God. Not me thinking you were just hitting a bait then.
Kyle Musca: That's so funny.
asha: Wow. Majority is Australia, then it goes America and UK, I think.
Kyle Musca: Where do I go again? Insights, and then followers.
asha: Insights, new followers?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, and then scroll down the bottom.
asha: Countries, oh, wow, okay. So it goes United States, Australia, UK, Mexico, Brazil.
Kyle Musca: What's the US to Australia percentage?
asha: US 22, Australia 15.
Kyle Musca: Okay, nice.
asha: That's wild, I used to be Australia at the top.
Kyle Musca: That's, okay. So we, a lot of these girls jumping on calls with you for organic Australian, I assume?
asha: Majority are Australian, yes. I do get a few girls from the UK, like I've got one, sorry, not the UK, the US, one girl's side. One or two. But yeah, majority are from Australia, UK, or US.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. So there's two. I guess what I would recommend to you is we'll create the marketing and everything like that for it. It's very, very simple. Like anything you say in kilos, just re-say in pounds. You know what mean? So if you have a graphic, just create it.
asha: So you want me to, like, if I'm to post content, instead of being like losing 10 kilos, we go to the pounds side of things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Is that just because? Nah, for organic, keep it kilos because it's still Australian. Most of girls are going to be Australian. Yeah. It's just because we will specifically put the ad in the US if we want to test it there.
asha: So it's like, we just want to talk in pounds. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So did Michael add a cappy into your mini chat? Have we spoken about that?
asha: What the 's that? I don't even, I will.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So to do ads, Michael is my Cappy guy. It's a conversion API, which is basically just a piece of data tracking, right? So what that does is when someone comes in through the ad, meta is just trying to take our money, right?
asha: Meta is a bit of a greedy prick. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it likes to look good on paper to people that don't know what they're looking at, which is why so many people waste all their money. So basically, anytime someone clicks any of these trigger words that will run as an ad, Meta is going to be like, cool, we did our job, we're going to charge you now, right? That's not a good indicator because there's going to be a lot of time wasters, people that aren't qualified, some people that just click on the ad by accident. You what I mean? Like that's not, again, we're just left in the dark with that, realistically. Yeah. What the conversion API The guy is, is we attach it right to the back here on this little event here. So if they come through the ManyChat flow, they're working full-time. For me, we can add other qualifiers if we need to. They're working full-time, so cool, that's who I consider. One, they finish the flow, so they're actually engaged in the conversation, and they are working full-time, so they're qualified in my books, right?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: To at least, you know, send that. What that does there is it sends that data back into meta, so one, I can scale ads more clearly, but also over time, depending on the ad account, I guess, because different ad accounts have different abilities for some stupid reason, the ad account will also figure out who we decide is a qualified lead and try and find more people like that.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So super, super important. Now, the reason, so for Michael, he charges about 250 USD to add that. It's a once But that will easily, again, pay for itself because realistically, when, so there's meta chart, meta goes off like what's called a result, which is anyone that clicks that message at the start, whereas we want a qualified lead. Realistically, anything like good in my books is like 2x. for example, if it's $20 for a cost per, like a cost per result, then $40 for cost per lead is like good ratio. But I have seen it where it's been $20 as a cost per result and over $200 for a cost per lead, right? So it's like if we don't have the ability to see who's actually qualified, like classed as a qualified leader and how much that's costing us, we're just left in the dark and it could cause us to put a lot of money on a  ad.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's super, super important. Any questions on that?
asha: No questions on that. I just know if we're talking to Ava about, so what would be, how much would we, oh my God, I can't speak. How much would we be looking at per week? So $250, was that $250 US with this guy? Did you say?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
asha: $250 US once off. And then what are we looking at weekly? Just thinking like, I know I had a good week of sales this week. Obviously, we'd prefer to get an extra couple grand in there. So we're looking at more like the $6,000 to $10,000 mark. But I just want to make sure I'm having multiple weeks because at the moment, it's just still so up and down.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we wouldn't launch this until we're confident. I'm just saying put the pieces together so we can pull the trigger when we're ready. That might be, you know, two weeks, three weeks, might be four weeks for all we know. But like. Just making sure we're like prepped. So it's like, cool, we're confident with everything. Let's just pull the trigger on it. Now, in terms of like spend and everything like that that goes into it, I would always start a campaign off at minimum $100 a day. And the reason for that is because we need to give it enough money to essentially test, right? Because if you don't give it enough, they can't properly test. They can't get enough data to figure out who it should be targeting. And testing, like when it comes to marketing and testing, so realistically, once you have your business up and running, marketing should be your biggest expense by far, right? Because marketing is basically just a bunch of testing to figure out what works and what doesn't, right? Yeah. Ideally, we want to, you know, get to what works a lot faster. Realistically, off the bat, because you've never ran actually any ads or anything like that through your account for this type of thing, usually I'm not going to, you know, guarantee it or anything like that, but usually we see a really good response off the start of it. Let's Thank Just because meta is going to go after basically your lowest-hanging fruit. Now, in terms of return on investment, so for every dollar we put into the ads, I like to see a bare minimum of six. So, for example, if we're putting $100 a day into ads, then I want to get $600 in return. It depends. Again, it's really hard to say how because we don't know how well these ads really pop off. But I have seen it like the other week, for example, we had one for Brie that was at like $44 ROI. So, it's like for every dollar she put in, she got $44 back.
asha: Is that good? That's good, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's like insane.
asha: Okay. Me, numbers, maths. As soon as you start talking about numbers, I'm like, eh. It starts only out, but yeah, that's good.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, for her, on top of her reoccurring in the cash collectors she got for that week, it was like almost a $30,000 week.
asha: , that's wild.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And she only spent like, I think probably a few, let's just say a thousand dollars on ads.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
asha: Well, that would be, that would be amazing.
Kyle Musca: Wouldn't that be ideal? Yeah. So it's like, when we get into like, you know, these, into ads specifically and everything like that, the number one thing people look at is like, oh , I've got to spend money.
asha: But it's like, we're spending money to make money. We're not just spending money. Yeah. And obviously that's something that I'm more than happy to do.
Kyle Musca: I just need to make sure I have enough security there behind me.
asha: Cause obviously I know you and Ava were chatting about it yesterday with just like, there's just not enough consistency and especially with like the calls and everything and no shows. And, but yeah, I think, is it Mia? Is that the girl, the setter? Like, you know, all these calls have showed up. So I feel like that's already such a win.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. So we'll, we'll give it a couple more weeks just to make sure one, we can try. Your cash flow up a lot more. Also, you just keep getting you comfortable with the processes and everything like that. But just make sure that we have that level of consistency there for sure.
asha: Yeah. But yeah, when should we, like, I'm happy for you to get, who was it, Michael in contact, and then we can get him to implement that or whatever. Or is that more so when we're due to launch? We might as well. get Ava to process it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, might as well get Michael to add it sooner rather than later. It should only take him a day to do it.
asha: Yeah. But we're going to need it eventually, so we might as well just get out of the way. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then there's just the setters as well. So when you're running ads, again, the setting process is so important. So you'll probably, we could probably get away with using Mia and maybe I can get Nadine in there, which is my other setter in there, to keep more hours. You might not even.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's see how we go. What I eventually want to do is I want to get Mia into the position where she's like training and like overviewing other setters and everything like that. So like build out more of a team. And so it will probably go on to like a, maybe I haven't fully figured this out yet, but maybe like $25 per close just to sort of cover her expenses. But then she will basically order your entire account and make sure everything's always like optimized instead of just like risking having a  setter in there and like not knowing that until it's like everything goes to .
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But again, we'll piece together those things in the future. So, and then. Then there's just the graphics and everything. So there's two types of content we'll do for the ads. Both of them, want them to look very, very organic. So one is graphics. I guess there's three types, technically a hybrid we could do. Just before I forget about this, I do want to look at this.
asha: I'd like to stay on some of my food and calories before now. Okay. Pretty happy with those.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so, what's his name? They're the, like the, oh, Kyle might do them, actually. They're like the, the videos, like it's a video on the. Background, but it's like text on screen, if you know what I mean.
asha: Wait, what?
Kyle Musca: Me. There's a guy I know that doesn't, but I can't remember his name right now.
asha: Wait, what did you say? A video and text on the screen?
Kyle Musca: It's like a video background type thing, but then like text on screen.
asha: Oh, like the video screen thing? Like the green screen videos?
Kyle Musca: No, it's, let me see. It always pops up in my feed whenever I go there. Let me quickly find it. But I think these could work really well, especially for females, especially, you know, it's kind of like when they do the text on screen, but then they like put a lot of  in the caption, essentially.
asha: Does it make sense? I've no clue what you're talking about, hey. I'm being no help right now.
Kyle Musca: Um. Maybe I sent them to myself. Yes, yes, I did. So he obviously does like political , but something like this, you know what I mean?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Obviously not the wording on screen, but like something like that. And then you could have, you know, your regular videos in the background, you know, I don't know if this will work. You could have maybe something like that, for example.
asha: Yeah. And then just with the text over it.
Kyle Musca: Maybe even that.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: With something like that.
asha: And do they usually do quite well?
Kyle Musca: I've never done them, but I could see them doing pretty well. Yeah.
asha: My only thing is, if it's a body one like that, would that be covering my body? And then you wouldn't see it?
Kyle Musca: No, the point is not so much the video more than the words.
asha: But the value, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like as long as they can still see the body and the physique in it.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, because it wouldn't like fully cover it type thing.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But something, you know, similar to that. I mean, it's not like you're not really looking at him, you know what mean? And you're reading what's on screen more so.
asha: You just know it's him. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So they're food for thought. I think that would be kind of cool to do.
asha: And that's for the ads?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So how you do them and how you do the graphics are going to be the exact same, which is why I wanted to show you them before I get into the graphics.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, I'm creating, I am making this, I'm literally refining this at the moment, so it looks a bit prettier, a little bit better. But this will be fine for now. So this is like the ad graphic frameworks that we basically go off. They're very, very similar to your organic CTA ones, right? They're pretty much literally the exact same. You could use them for those. These are just sort of frameworks to sort of follow. Again, I'm redoing this at the moment. So the one I'll send you will be a little bit different. But essentially, there's the framework and then there's an example underneath. Now, with these, with creative writing, whether it be the ad scripts, which I'll write for you, or the graphics, don't use AI. AI gets very, it just sounds the same for everyone.
asha: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It has to be really, really well prompted. It has to have a very big knowledge base of specific things that you've added to do properly.
asha: It's just easier to just write them yourself. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. Now, again, with the, if you ever do kilos, just make a copy of it and do it pounds.
asha: Come on.
Kyle Musca: But these are pretty simple. So it's like bold, overreaching statement about the result beyond just the physical. So having a great, actually, I don't like that one.
asha: It's the first one. Like you can't use that one. It's not a simple.
Kyle Musca: Demographic lifestyle occupation on life stage. You want to specific measurable goal. Now with these on that, before I continue, we want to be one very tangible. Anywhere we can be tangible, we should be. So if you can throw a number in there, throw a number in there. So it's not just lose weight. It's lose six to eight kilos of weight over the next 90 days. Or we want to be very, very specific. Vagueness kills conversions, right? So it's like, and this is why I don't like AI because AI is very, very vague. It's like, you know, AI will write something. It's like, sick of being stuck in the all or nothing cycle. It's like, what the  does that even mean? You know what mean?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The first, the way you should think of it is within the first five seconds of looking Looking at it, the viewer should know exactly what it's about, who it's for, and how it applies to them.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like men in their 30s and 40s who want to strip 10, 20 kilos of fat without turning their life upside down.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This is you. I'm looking for 12 guys who are fed up of going in circles and want to finally make real progress.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'll put together a plan built around your schedule so you get the best results possible. If you're keen to see how I do it, DM me, shred, and I'll run you through it.
asha: Yeah, I like that.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? So it's basically just built off this framework. Yeah. Who they are, what they're tired of, future plan, future whatever, right?
asha: Cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Same thing as you go through these in different ways. Question the name is the exact physical goal. Cut fat, build muscle, visible abs, lose X kilos. Yeah. I'm looking for X people with a specific result in specific timeframe. What they'll look, feel like by the end. So goal, I mean dream outcome, and then CTA. Want to cut fat, build muscle, and actually see your abs for the first time. I'm looking for 12 men who want to drop 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks. By the end, you'll be leaner, stronger, and walking around feeling like a completely new person. If you're keen, DM me six pack. Now, with these, it's really, really important with marketing. Realistically, all we're trying to do is solve a problem, right? There's three problems we're trying to solve. One is the external problem, right? And this is the problem that everyone tries to solve. This is the weakest of the problems, but it is the surface level problem. So the external problem is something like lose 10 kilos, right? Now, the goal of this is we solve all three problems, and that's the one we've got to really, really good at. But everyone just says drop 10 kilos, which is great, but that's not a really big driving factor because, yeah, everyone wants to drop 10 kilos, right?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The internal problem. The internal problem. Is how they feel about it, essentially. So drop 10 kilos, and it's usually a so you can, I find, right? So you can feel more confident wearing, you know, your favorite bikini.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So in that sense, we're, you know, confidence is the internal problem. Internal problem could be removing self-doubt, you know what mean? Um, it's just a, it's a feeling, essentially, it's internal problem. Solve that problem.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then the third problem is a philosophical problem, which basically is like a fight versus good for, good versus evil. It's a morality, essentially, right? So if we piece this together, it'd be like, lose 10 kilos so you can feel more confident in a bikini because you deserve to be your happiest, sexiest self. Or because you shouldn't feel, because you should. Shouldn't feel insecure in your own skin as a very base level thing, right? Obviously, probably worded a bit better, but along those lines.
asha: Does that make sense? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, that's really, really important because everybody tries to solve the external problem, as I mentioned, but people don't buy the external problem. They buy the internal problem and the philosophical problem. So a really good example of this is there's a car rental, a used car rental dealership thing over in the US, I'm pretty sure it is. And it far outperforms its closest competitors. And the reason for that is because in all their marketing, they don't talk about used cars, right, which is their entire business. They talk about the fact that when people come into the dealership, they don't have to talk to a sleazy snake oil salesman because their salespeople don't get paid commission off sales.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because that's your anxiety, right, which is the internal problem of going into it. A car dealership is that some prick is going to sell you some   you don't need, right? But it's like you solve that problem by saying like, you know, they don't get paid off the commission or our policy is we don't sell lemons. We do a complete, you know, 50-point analysis check to make sure that we don't give you a lemon plus a lifetime guarantee.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because you shouldn't have to feel like you're about to get  molested by some salesperson, right?
asha: Some grubby old man, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Another one, I'm reading a book on this actually at the moment. It's really helpful. Another one is like, he was talking about how basically when he flew, because he flew around a lot and he'd always have to get like rental dealerships, go to get rental car dealerships and everything like that. He immediately switched when he saw an ad of another rental car. Dealership, because every time he flew into the one he was currently using, they'd always make a small talk with him and they'd always use the same script. know, how long are you in town for? Where's the weather? Like where you're from? Are you going to have some downtime, et cetera, et cetera, some ? The other ad just sold the fact of you just walk into the dealership, pick up your keys and leave. Don't talk to anyone.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And he instantly swapped.
asha: Yeah, wow.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like figure out what the underlying thing is, not just the thing.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then as you scroll down, there's more frameworks, but again, I'm cleaning all this up to make it look better. Yeah. Any questions on any of that stuff?
asha: Not really. I guess I'll have, like, is this something you're wanting me to do soon or more so when we get into the process of like lining everything up to then do the ads?
Kyle Musca: You don't have to do it. Like it's not crazy rush or anything like that, but I would start maybe piecing them together once you've got the time. you're making, about I I I I know get I'm fishing. Yeah. As long as they're ready by the time we do rats, I guess that's fine.
asha: Yeah. Yeah. I also have been listening to Never Split the Difference, too.
Kyle Musca: I'm listening to that via audiobook. Oh, yeah.
asha: So that's been good. Yeah, that's a really good enjoying that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, oh, sorry. And to finally push off the, how far through are you on that?
asha: Honestly, got to go on more walks on my own. I've been having a lot of social walks in the morning, and I feel like I don't have time to listen to anything.
Kyle Musca: I am... When I was back in Australia, I just put them on whenever I drove somewhere.
asha: Yeah. Sometimes I do as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'm only up to chapter four, so what, there's 10 chapters left? Yeah, I always Sorry, not left in total. I always find with books as well, the second half of the book is usually always better than the first half. The first half... They usually  around with, like, talking about their backstory and intro, which I understand why they do it, to give them credibility. But, like, I find the second half of books is where the juice always is.
asha: I feel like at the moment it's starting to become quite interesting. So he's saying how, what was he talking about? Having students in his room and they had an hour to try and convince him to not. Nine in one rule, yeah. Yeah, something like that. So it's starting to get interesting. Where, like, the start I was like, what the  am I even listening to?
Kyle Musca: But, no, it started to get better. Yeah, he talks about compromise there and how, like, anytime you compromise, it's essentially a lose-lose situation.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, people compromise because it's easier. But, like, if you compromise, everybody lose because no one gets what they want.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But this is how you, basically, how they should look when you put together.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Want to cut fat, build muscle, and get six-pack abs? So for this, you might do, like, um... Want to lose fat, grow your glutes, and tone your body? You know what mean?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, because I was doing it, if you want to see something actually really funny.
asha: And this isn't going on my Instagram, is it?
Kyle Musca: This is going on the ads on Meta? It will go on your Instagram. I mean, you can definitely chuck them on your Instagram, but we will run it through your Instagram through ads.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Lily, see if this comes up. Is it?
asha: Is there a T?
Kyle Musca: Is there?
asha: R-I-T-C-H.
Kyle Musca: Not this one, surely.
asha: Yeah, fit with Lily.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you have to find their Instagram. But actually, George does it as well. It's really funny. I'll try and find him. So one time when Brie was scrolling through her stories, these three stories came up, and they were all the exact same by Jess DiBertoli, George, and Lily. Reese's ads guy put together them all.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They were all the exact same version of this one ad. I'm looking for five girls who wanted to lose body fat and grow their glutes over the next 12 weeks.
asha: That's it.
Kyle Musca: It was the exact same wording. And it was, like, literally within 20 seconds of it.
asha: Really? And does he just keep using that for everything?
Kyle Musca: He's had this add up for ages. But George is, yeah. George has so much more potential than what he's doing.
asha: I feel like he's doing. doing extremely well at the moment, though.
Kyle Musca: Like, last time I spoke to him, he had over 200 girls. Yeah, but he's undercharging.
asha: He works too hard. And he does, he works too hard face-to-face as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, his conversion ratios are nowhere near where they need to be. His show-up rates are nowhere near they need to be.
asha: Really?
Kyle Musca: George is just outworking a bad system, to be honest. Yeah. I'm not sure they love George, but.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, he had a similar problem to what Jesse was having, but, like, Jesse pulled in 100 grand a month, working with only 180 clients after we restructured everything.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and I know George isn't at that level. So.
asha: How long did it take Jesse to get to that level?
Kyle Musca: So, George, Jesse came to me after Reese at, stuck at 40 to 50 grand a month at 180 clients. Yeah. then we restructured everything to free him up. And then. And refined his offer and everything like that. And it was within like a couple, it was like probably within three or four months that he had done a grand amount.
asha: Yeah, wow.
Kyle Musca: But that was when we were running it through Kiana's ad account. And that was just a piggy bank.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you'll probably have pretty similar marketing to Kiana.
asha: And what were you guys using for her?
Kyle Musca: A split between graphics and videos.
asha: Yeah. So remember the videos of mine, the one how I'm in front of the mirror and I do the 10-second vid, you know, the one that does really well every time. Would we use something like that as well?
Kyle Musca: Probably not so much. Because, I mean, it depends if we did, like, we did something like what I just said there, where it was like something like that.
asha: Yeah, maybe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But not really. We don't want distraction with it. We want the thing. So, for example, when I, when I ran like. These ads do really well. I'm not, sorry, ads. These videos, all my videos do really well organically. But then when I ran them as an ad, they pulled in like a really good cost per lead, like the best I've ever seen. Then every single lead was just extremely  .
asha: Like we want, when we're doing ads, we just want to make the ask.
Kyle Musca: We just want to make the direct ask. We want no confusion about why they're messaging us.
asha: Yeah. Like you're not working in a call to talk . Like you want to actually see change.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Don't message me unless you're, you know, working full time and  looking for weight loss coaching.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Any questions on the graphics or anything like that?
asha: No. I'm excited to get into those, but yeah, I guess we'll just wait another couple of weeks.
Kyle Musca: I always encourage to do them in Instagram because again, we, the main thing with these is we all, we want them to look really, really old. Right. But in saying that, it's really  annoying in Instagram because if you make like one typo or something like that, it takes  ages to fix it because you have to recreate the whole thing. So what you can do and what I've done last time is create them in Canva. But again, you need to make sure the fonts and everything like that you're using look native to Instagram.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, like you don't want it. And yeah. And then that way you can quickly come in and edit. If you want to make a US version, it's pretty simple just to duplicate it.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Cool. Now, there's the video side of things, the video ad side of things. Do you have a videographer?
asha: I've used Jackson before, but to be honest.
Kyle Musca: I would use Vaughn. You know, Vaughn?
asha: Oh, yeah. Yeah. I use Jackson and I feel like he was overpriced and took  AD. Just to get my  back.
Kyle Musca: Like, photos was good, but videos took ages. Yeah. I'm getting no shade on those guys, but yeah, I agree.
asha: Yeah, I love Jackson. I think what he does is amazing. Like, I felt so confident with him, but I just was like, I'm  paying you a lot of money.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Videographers and stuff, I just don't think are worth what they charge. No.
asha: And Vaughn is Amber's partner, isn't he?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Vaughn's really good behind the camera. Like, I was actually the one that got him into it because I was like, I'm not paying Jackson. It's like, I think Jesse was paying like five grand a month or something. was like, there's no way I'm paying him.
asha: That's so . Wow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I was like, yeah, was like, Vaughn did really good organic content himself, but he was one of those ones that did do really good organic content, but just didn't grow. So I was just like, hey, I'll pay you just to pick up the camera and film you and it had to be really good. So he's like, continued pursuing that, which is cool. Yeah. Then, yes, these are the ones. So video ads, there's different ways you can film them. I just sit down and look straight towards the camera, but for you, I would probably do more like walking around ones. So actually, someone who does these well for your use case is Sage.
asha: Does he work with you as well?
Kyle Musca: He did. And we started at eight grand a month and then I got him up to 70 grand a month.
asha: yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, so he does these following tabs. don't know if he's working with, um, a Will Tennyson guy, what he's doing. Cause it seems like he's kind of bad, but. So. So. Essentially, you never want to run a following ad. A following ad, I think, would have been a funnel you could have used back in the day, but just so you're aware, he's grown five times the following. Like, he's grown, you know, up to 51,000 followers. Yeah, wow. His engagement  sucks.
asha: Oh, really?
Kyle Musca: I mean, yeah, 85 likes, 25, 120. These are the same engagement rates that he was getting when he had like 11,000 followers.
asha: So he's getting followers, but they don't give a  about, or they're not seeing his stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which is real damaging to your account, because like, if you've got a huge following and real low engagement, Instagram will just read that as your content's not very good.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, plus, if you're going to spend the money on ads, just  make the ask.
asha: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, then get them to follow you and then try and like, you could technically try and retarget them, I guess, but like. You know, he's not doing that by the looks of it. Anyway, so. Just trust me. Are you a career-driven woman between 25 and 45 who wants to lose 8 to 12 kilos and tone up without losing your social life? Then you need to me a follow right now. The reason I'm showing you as well is because, like, I was the one that taught him how to do the videos. But he's directing them to follow, so just ignore that part. Are you a career-driven woman between 25 and 45 who wants to lose 8 to 12 kilos and tone up without losing your social life? Then you need to drop me a follow right now. If you're constantly restarting, confused about what to eat, or too busy to live in the gym, then my content is perfect for you. I post daily showing women how to lose fat, tone up, build confidence, and stay consistent. So the only thing I want you to take out of that is just how he moved on camera. I don't like any of the wording of what he said. I don't like the goal of the ad, but like, see how it's just, he's moving. It's like driven woman between 25 and 45 who wants to lose eight. Like moving and then it like cuts frame to something else and then it cuts frame to something else, but he's walking the same direction. So I wouldn't even do that, but kind of get the point. Probably wasn't the best example.
asha: No, yeah, I get it.
Kyle Musca: Um, who, oh, should have just thought of this at the start. Brie does these really well. Now with Brie as well, she obviously doesn't have a videographer, but still good point. Oh, with the graphics as well, I forgot to mention, always turn them into a 15-second video and put royalty-free music on them. If you just have them as a graphic, one Instagram, when we upload them as ad, will just put some real  music on there. Or it will just upload as a graphic and it will only last five seconds and it won't give the viewer time to properly read it. So always turn it into a 15-second video.
asha: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Now. If you're an Aussie woman who wants to drop 8-10 kilos of fat in the next three months without living on salads or cutting out carbs, feeling like you have to be perfect just to see results. See how we're technically 10 seconds in, but in the first five seconds you knew exactly who she was talking to and what it was about.
asha: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: Also, by saying who you're including, you're also at the same time excluding people.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because the reason we added Aussies in is because she was getting a lot of Indian people message her.
asha: Indians just tend to have a great spotlight.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, if you're an Aussie woman, therefore, it automatically cuts out a lot of Indian women.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What I'm going to show you how to do. Now, let me take a guess. This probably isn't your first time trying to lose weight. You've probably tried 1200 calorie plans, cutting out carbs, or even your favorite influencer's day of eats, only to realize a life without carbs is just not worth living. And the frustrating part is you're not lazy because you actually try. And every time you fall off, you feel like you're back at square one, feeling more defeated. So we're also, she's also following a framework here as well. So this is the PASA framework, which is problem, agitation, solution, action, right? Yeah. So she did, now she's in agitation. Than before. And you might even be questioning if your body is just stubborn or if you'll ever see results. That feeling makes you more confused and defeated. The reality is most plans are just trying to get you from A to B. And the minute you stop following that plan, your results stop too. But here at She Thrives, we don't just focus on getting you. Result. Solution. We want to help you build habits that allow you to maintain these results for a lifetime. Vanessa lost 9 kilos in just 12 weeks, and she said it was the first time she could actually keep it off for good. By the end, you'll feel stronger, sexier, and more confident in a bikini, strutting your stuff down the beach. I'll build you a customized training plan to focus on getting you lean and toned, not bulky. A meal plan based on your favorite foods, whilst also making sure you can go out for nights with the girls. I'll be there every step of the way to keep you accountable so you don't give up on yourself. Plus, you'll be a part of my community with like-minded Aussie girls to make this journey so much more fun. And I'm very proud of the community we've built with all the girls who are truly committed to making this change for themselves. So if you're not truly committed in putting in the work, then this isn't for you. But if you are truly ready, DM me the word lean, and I'll send you all the... So the editor did some dodgy  there at the end there, but that's fine, I guess.
asha: I didn't even notice.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, so that was probably a bit long. What we want is the videos to be max, probably. So here's the nuance here. I don't mind filming videos that go for a minute 40 if I'm including in the features and benefits. So, you know, I'll build you a meal plan so you can eat the foods you love while losing weight, for example, right? And also social proof because what you can do there is you can cut those parts out and the video still makes sense.
asha: you can have like a condensed version that's maybe like 50 seconds long. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, same thing, same, same, same, same things as I was speaking about before in terms of what you want with the ad graphics. With the video graphic, with the videos, we want to solve one specific external, internal problem, right? We don't want to add too many because too many solves too many problems and therefore it solves none, right? So it's like if you just want to solve the problem of confidence. Let's just make the video about confidence. If you want to do energy, just make it about energy. If you want to do scheduling and structure, just make it about structure.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense? Yeah. Does make sense?
asha: No, I don't know if my Wi-Fi... Oh, there we I my Wi-Fi, it's saying unstable network. I do need to go in seven minutes. I do have another client call after this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, that's all good. That's pretty much...
asha: Hopefully this connection's okay.
Kyle Musca: I've got your tonality document now. Did you have a look at that?
asha: What do you mean? Did I have a look at it? I sent... Did I send them to you?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. I sent it back to you.
asha: Oh, wait. What'd you send?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Here's your tonality mega-guide.
asha: Oh, my God. I have so many... What's up chats that I haven't, that I haven't opened. Sorry, I didn't even realize.
Kyle Musca: No. So yeah, that's all good. One, you can give this to your DM setters as well, so they can create a project and everything out of it. It seems like me is doing a really good job anyway.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: As long as you're happy with it. More so, this is what I'll do to create all your ad scripts and everything like that from you.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: For you.
asha: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah.
asha: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Other than that, yeah, I think we should just start piecing together what we need for the ads, so that way if we get a few more weeks of consistency and we're feeling confident, also by then I think things should hopefully very much calm down, we can just pull the trigger and launch.
asha: Yeah, sick. Awesome. Well, yeah, we'll keep doing that over the next couple weeks, but yeah, thank you so much. And yeah, I'm just excited to see how many more calls and I guess, you know, actual proper leads and everything that me can bring.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
asha: Because I was not good at that job.
Kyle Musca: With things going as well right now as well, just ride the wave, like push content, throw the CTAs up in your story. You know, something that Brie really likes doing is when girls do join, she like takes a screenshot. She must have a Canva thing that she puts it into and she puts it up on a story to show all the other seen that. Yeah, so that's really good because it's like people see other girls joining it and then they want to join it as well, if that makes sense. Yeah. It's a community thing. Like community is a pretty, very underrated thing. People love being part of a community.
asha: Yeah. Sorry, my phone's just going off. Yeah, and that's definitely still something that I'm trying to do, but hey, we're trying to do  20 million things right now. So getting sales and leads through is something that is obviously quite important to help us bring more money in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Which is working. So happy day there. Yeah, very happy. else you want to quickly cover at all?
asha: I don't think so. If I think of anything during the week, I will definitely, like, write them down because I feel like whenever we have these, I'm just like, oh, , it's Thursday again. , we're doing another call. Like, it's just very, I haven't thought of a single thing. Like, what do you want to chat about? So I'll try and I think, like, write little notes or something. But yeah, that's all good for now. But thank you so much, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Yep, no worries. Shoot me through any issues or anything. And shoot me through your wins as well because I do like very much seeing them.
asha: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And also, assuming you missed my other message, I have one spot open for this.
asha: So if you know any other coaches that- Sorry, I did say that. I did, I, like, read that actual notification in my mind and was, like, trying to process it. I think there could be one girl, actually, because I did speak to her about you. And I, yeah, I'll have a chat to her. I'm actually going to her birthday tomorrow night. So maybe I'll chat to her over the next Next couple of days and see like, cause she's like, I told her like, you know, obviously the wins I've had and everything. She's like, what the ? Like, that sounds really good. So I'll speak to her about it again for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Awesome. All you need to do is like, as long as she's keen to have a chat, just let me know.
asha: Um, and I can just reach out and go from there. Amazing. Awesome. Okay. I'll chat to you soon. Perfect. All right. Enjoy the rest of the day. Chat soon. Thanks. You too. Bye. Bye.


>>> 200/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-08T04:03:30Z | id:144669727
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Torin McGlynn: I'm good, man. I'm good. Sorry about being late. It's just...
Kyle Musca: How are things going, man?
Torin McGlynn: Week was good. We had a successful week. We got some new US clients.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful.
Torin McGlynn: Got the new DM script done as well, which is good, and just made it me, and not you. And what else to do? CEO dashboard is updated, look through the messages with the DM, it's changed their hours. It's been successful, to be honest. Close rate, not so good.
Kyle Musca: think that's the kind of... Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: It could have been better.
Kyle Musca: To be honest, that seems like probably the biggest issue, because that's... We're sitting at 33%.
Torin McGlynn: I think it was 33% last week, too, wasn't it? Mm-hmm. Three weeks in a row, actually.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's definitely a bit of a bottleneck. What's your feedback on the close rate?
Torin McGlynn: My feedback is... Honestly, it's just people that I genuinely can't afford it. Like, I've tried, I felt like I spoke so well, and I don't know if it's just me being delirious or delusional, but it's felt like I actually couldn't, even if I was, like, amazing. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Are they, like, qualified?
Torin McGlynn: Are they working? Yeah, they're working. They're working. It's always the case of I need to talk to the partner, and they're, like, I have them watching the pre, thing, and they always use the same line. It's, like, I watched your video, and I know, but I just didn't know the price before the call, and I do all my decisions with the partner.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so, I reckon, let's review, we might even just review a sales call this session, because everything else is, kind of, moving along nicely. Is there anything else that you specifically want to cover?
Torin McGlynn: Okay, so, really, the, I, have you got one of Bree's, um, lead? Magnet kind of thingies for, I want to build out the lead magnet for the mastermind. And how do you think I should do that? Do you think I should put up a story or just do it in internally?
Kyle Musca: Well, you're getting heaps of story views, so you can even just run it through your story initially. What I'm going to do with Breeze is I haven't tested this yet, but it's getting like between $8 to $11 in terms of a qualified lead, someone working full-time and they're Australian or English essentially, so cutting out Indians. So it's good cost per lead. what I'm going to do, and again, I haven't tried this yet, but hopefully it should work, scale that heavily to build a massive emailing list, right? Give the people value at the front end and then like retarget them with one social proof. So then they're constantly seeing videos of like, oh, you know, joining She Thrives was like the best thing ever. And then second, direct response ads. So the reason for that is because we're already targeting a specific group of people, people, then it's a lot cheaper to do that. Essentially, we're not saying to meta-go try and find everyone and anyone and everyone. We're saying just go find these exact people and put this ad in front of them. So it's a lot cheaper to do it. Then what I'm going to do from there, so that's three campaigns. One is the lead magnet. One is the social proof retarget. One is the direct response retarget. What I'm going to do from there is I'm going to create a fourth campaign where it's going to be a lookalike audience of people within 1% of the similar behavior types as those people. Because we know they're interested in weight loss, we know they're working full-time, and we know that they're not Indian, essentially. Which means that ideally, again, I haven't tested it, but ideally, the targeting should be a lot more refined. And that's the campaign where we go and send it off and say, okay, go find anyone and everyone that meets this criteria.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool. I'm up for doing ads for sure. I want to try a mastermind thing organically as well.
Kyle Musca: I think it started organically to see what the response is like.
Torin McGlynn: The biggest thing with, are you talking about in terms of her like many chat flow or what are talking about there? Many chat flow also, can you give me an example of one of hers? I want to see how she does it because I got Claude to do it. I got the Claude co-work and all that stuff. There may be a sick one to be honest. It looks good. It looks really good. It's very, very Alfie Gets Hired slash Wormosey. And I think it kind of just is like a sales call, though. The presentation itself is pretty much behind my program.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the idea of a mastermind, right, is all we're doing is we're trying to break beliefs. We're not really trying to educate or anything like that, right? So, for example, the one that I did, right, it didn't talk about a calorie deficit and yada yada. mentioned like testosterone levels and  like that. You have to have some kind of information there, obviously. But it didn't talk about like diets and  training and stuff. It spoke about accountability structure. And guidance or something like that. can't remember. But it's like we're trying to break the beliefs to create the gap for why coaching is needed. And therefore, coaching is the solution to that gap.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it's definitely that. It does that very well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which is perfect. That's what we want it for. Because if they engage in a long-form content piece from us, they're going to be very bought into us and very bought into the idea. Plus, too, you've to remember that a lot of people don't watch this stuff. You know what mean? They'll get it and then they'll get busy. And then it's easier just to be like, oh, well, this girl gave me, or in your case, this guy gave me value. He offers coaching. Let's just implement his system so I don't have to take care of it. Because if you think about it, Alex Mosey has four different courses on his website that most people would probably charge 50 grand for. But because it's free, you haven't had the urgency to go  watch it in depth and fully review it and everything like that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, that's true, actually. I think I watched like a half of it or something and then I got pulled.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. But because he has that, you're like, , this is the guy.
Torin McGlynn: know what mean? Yeah, definitely. He valued bombs, honestly. I just sent you the presentation on our... So yeah, the two things is, the actual presentation itself, the ManyChat flow, if you copy and paste that into my ManyChat, that'd be fantastic. And just kind of the strategy behind that. Do I go back to the recipe one and be like, or do I go through a... Do I make two of them where it's like, what age bracket are you? And then there's one that goes to like menopause women. There's one that goes to just, if they're a man or if they're like a younger woman, I just go to a fat loss guy to make two masterminds or even make three masterminds.
Kyle Musca: I would make masterminds for anyone that your client avatar is. So like if you have a, obviously you're not going to send a female one or a female mastermind for menopausal women to men in their thirties.
Torin McGlynn: And are we just rinsing these masterminds? Like we're just using them for like...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you can use them for as long as, like, that's the great thing about lead magnets, if they're valuable enough, you can, you only have to create them once, and you can use them forever. If they're good, obviously. think I had it in my head that a mastermind was, like, a full-on education course that I had to, like, you know, teach people how to lose weight, and it was just like, nah, nah, um, nah.
Torin McGlynn: So, you've maybe even given this to me already, but oh.
Kyle Musca: So, it's going to have Bree's link here. Now, this is the other thing that's going to be very, very important for you, man. Do you have job form or some kind of form?
Torin McGlynn: You have job form, eh? Okay, job form. Yeah, it's good.
Kyle Musca: So, this is it. So, what we've done on Bree's run is you go into job form. If they're qualified, it's going to take you to this. Oh, she takes it through, go high level. But you can basically use. JobForm, where we get their name, their email, their phone, everything. So you can do it through GoHighLevel, can do it through JobForm, whatever tickles your pickle, but like as long as you're getting their contact information, because this is what we're going to use to retarget. We need their, we don't need their Instagram handle. She should remove that, don't have that. But have their phone, first name, last name, email.
Torin McGlynn: Should I do one of these through like a website builder?
Kyle Musca: For you, if you don't have GoHighLevel and you don't know how to use GoHighLevel, I would just use JobForm and then put conditional logic on it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I remember doing GoHighLevel. I'd love to have the time to do it, but I was just  me around and I got pissed off.
Kyle Musca: You don't need to do a GoHighLevel. The only reason it's good to do GoHighLevel is it's nice and simple, but like realistically that, I haven't made this look nice and fancy, but you know, this is basically the exact same as this. Like literally, looks the exact same. I just haven't touched anything to do with the aesthetic of it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it doesn't matter.
Kyle Musca: No, no. You're just trying to get their contact information, Mike. And then all you need to do there is... Oh, . I think that's fine. So what you need to do is set it up so it's the same as... I'm pretty sure we've reviewed this in the application direct one. But you set up conditions. So it's like if they say that they're... No, you don't even need to do the conditions for this one. You just need to do from the thank you page, wherever that is.
Torin McGlynn: Brings them to the course, onto a Loom video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like redirect with... Redirect to this URL. Redirect to external link after submission.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, but this one is... That's what we need to an actual call booking for you.
Kyle Musca: For me, it is. But for you, it will be... It could be the Loom link if that's what you want. It doesn't have to... If you filmed it on Loom, just do a Loom link. So what happens there, right, is because they've already said that they're, you know, qualified. They're already qualified. They're working full-time. If you add the Australian one, that's fine. You can keep that one in it if you want. So therefore, they're qualified. All we need from them here is just their contact details so we can retarget them and build our emailing list of qualified leads. And then it's just, here you go, here's access to the thing. So again, just direct them to a Loom link or whatever's easiest.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I'm just thinking here, is there a part that asks for male or female here? Well, she only does female. So no, not on hers, but you'd have to probably add yours.
Torin McGlynn: And then we'll probably add like a little stem that asks like the same questions, but then sends them to three different chat forums that different thank you pages.
Kyle Musca: Well, to be fair on that, actually, you probably don't need to do male, female, because it's like, if we're going to run an ad or you're going to run organic or whatever, it's going to be very evident that it's for male or female. You know what I mean? Like if you say, I've just created a fat loss masterclass for women in their forties and fifties going through menopause, very much doubt you're going to get a dude and swipe up on that.
Torin McGlynn: I'm just thinking, if it's internal, through like a recipe, instead of losing the male's interest, it's like, are you made of female? And then if they pick female, it's like, oh, I actually have a mastermind that's for women at the age of 32. So then there's stuff for both.
Kyle Musca: You know what saying? Yeah, yeah. In that case, yeah, you would. Yeah. But I reckon just keep it simple for now. You'd obviously have to have a male one there, but it's tricky to do that because it's like, you have to qualify if they're male, what age group are they in?
Torin McGlynn: You can be generalized though, you know, even if they're 21 or if they're 40.
Kyle Musca: Nah, but you need to solve different problems. it's like, even a male in his 20s is trying to like, lose fat for sure, and probably more so optimize performance, which is what a male in his 40s is also doing. But a male in his 40s, can lean a lot heavier on testosterone, for example. And the whole, you know, build with the mask is probably going to be.
Torin McGlynn: More about testosterone and .
Kyle Musca: Whereas a male in his 20s is not going to struggle with that. So it's like...
Torin McGlynn: off kind of thing, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you could do like... To be fair, you could cut out the goal and the struggle question and have like male, female age range, working status. You know what So it's the same amount of questions, but that way you're able to qualify better. Because then it's like, if it's a man in his 40s who's, yeah, a male in his 40s, then it's like, cool, and he's working full-time. Here's my Fat Loss Masterclass for lads in their 40s.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah. I'm thinking, yeah, yeah. Like if we could do like a testosterone one for men in like 30 plus, right? Then the, obviously the menopause, premenopause one for the women. And then it could be a generalized one for male and female.
Kyle Musca: Males that are under 25, I think? You could do that because I doubt that's going to be like a demographic that you really sell to. So it's like you could just do a generic one of how to lose fat.
Torin McGlynn: And then people who just minted at that age can join.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's like, you know, for male off the top of my head, it's like how to optimize your testosterone naturally as a man in his 40s to make it easier to build muscle and cut fat or something like that. You know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah, Again, play around with it.
Kyle Musca: If you're going to do that because you will have a variety of different people coming through, you're probably going to have to create minimum three different. So menopausal women, men in their 40s slash 50s, I guess, and then like anyone under that. So minimum three, you might even want to do four if you do anyone under that male or female. But again, it's the same concept. So we won't get distracted right now because I do want to review a call. the biggest thing here is on the... Yeah. So... At the end of the flow, if they're qualified, make sure you have something to capture that, like an opt-in form to capture their details so we can build out your emailing list for a retarget thing. Very simple and easy to set up through JotForm. If they're not qualified for, you know, not working full-time or the Indian, Asian, whatever, you just send them straight to the Loom link. We don't want their contact details. That will corrupt our list.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Does that make Do just say thank you? What do we say?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like, you give them the, you still give them the link, but it's like, see how this one, oh, this is, know, I was like, why is there zero? But see how this one just takes them straight through to the, to the, um, the video. And then Brie has a low ticket offer here as well, which you could definitely do for once you've got macro, but it just takes straight through to the video.
Torin McGlynn: There's no opt-in.
Kyle Musca: So this is in your account as well, so you can obviously come around and play around with it, click on the different links and , you'll see where it takes you. The main thing is the qualified has an opt-in form that then redirects them to, again, it can just be a Loom video, or if you want to do something like free, you can develop a landing page for a high level, whatever, if you want to spend the time, you don't really need to do that. If they're not qualified, it just takes them through to the Loom video, let's say.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, and see people that are unqualified, but they go watch the Loom video, or if they are, do I have to go through the form responses and respond to every single one of them, or do I get a DM setter to do that?
Kyle Musca: No, no, so the conversation will be had in Instagram, so the DM setters will conversate in Instagram. We don't want the contact details of unqualified, so there's no form in unqualified. The only reason we're doing it Opt-in form for qualified leads is so we can get their contact information like their phone and their email and then retarget them on the ads or, again, it will just help to build your emailing list massively.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, my email list is actually bigger than I thought. It's like 8,000 right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so this should help to skyrocket, like,  massively if you do this, right? And then, yeah, and then eventually we'll probably look at, I'm going to try and look at getting a copywriter on email marketing and everything like that. So eventually we can look at doing that as well, but we need to get this stuff sorted.
Torin McGlynn: Totally up for that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, especially if you're a demographic and age group. But now you'll see here that there's a direction of communication through emails, there's a direction of communication in DMs, and there's a direction of communication for retarget on ads.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. The question is, do you know the stuff that comes through the job? What do I do with that information?
Kyle Musca: You don't need to, so not, so all that needs to do is just collect over time, and then we just need to download the CSV file, so I can either re-upload it into Ad, yeah, or if you build out your emailing list, for example, then you just upload it into GoHighLevel, so they become a contact. It's very simple, it's very straightforward, it's not like you're doing anything, you know, , like, magical or revolutionary with it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's just a matter of downloading it and putting it where we want to contact them.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that?
Torin McGlynn: Not really, not really. Get this thing rolling. Do you want to have a look at the presentation I sent to you?
Kyle Musca: Yep. Very, very quickly before we do that, one thing, do you have video testimonials?
Torin McGlynn: Yes. All male.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I can probably get some female though.
Kyle Musca: What I would recommend doing is this actually worked out a lot better than I thought. So get on a client success check-in call with them and just ask them really loaded questions, record it, send it through to an editor, and then they'll edit it really, really nicely. So, for example, this is a couple I did a few weeks ago.
Torin McGlynn: What's frame.io? What's that?
Kyle Musca: This is like an editing thing. So it's like if you have an editor, you can drop comments and stuff so they can like make adjustments. pretty cool. But for example, this was just a Zoom call, right? A bit annoying me with eight targets and whatnot, Kyle has been unreal. He's been setting me up so I haven't been burning out too much. I've leaned out pretty well. It is noticeably different than the amount of compliments and  I've been copping the last couple of weeks have been unreal. I ran into my ex on the weekend and she's been blown out my phone ever since. Obviously, my body's dead. Yeah, that's funny. What's been sort of the biggest win from the program so far in your opinion? Bigest win for the program. Healthy habits, I reckon. Confidence is through to root. My fitness is through to root. My bull riding, I'm lighter and more durable than I was before, so I'm getting hurt a lot less. And that was another catalyst for me actually getting on top of this. was seriously getting hurt. I he was just waiting. Anyway, so yeah, actually turns out really good if you just extract the key parts that they say. And then what we do again is like anyone that's downloaded the masterclass, we just retarget them. It's super, super affordable to do that because it's a very narrow list. And then all of a sudden you've given them this  fat loss masterclass, which they're impressed about, but probably don't even look at. And then, you know, they start seeing all these different videos of like, yeah, working with Torin was the best thing I've ever done. Like he was so helpful. He was so caring. I've tried so many different things in the past, but nothing ever worked. Like my husband's, you know, starting to sleep with me and be like, whatever they say, but I mean, like, you know, they're very, very powerful. And then after that, you get another direct CTA. It's like, Hey, if you want to join, you know, coaching, for example, I've got two spots open. I think you're in a minute. Yeah. Shoot me through a call and we'll have a look at it.
Torin McGlynn: I don't have any calls to that I've got recorded.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Start recording.
Torin McGlynn: I'll start with this, and I'll record a few for next time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. And then even jumping on Bree's group coaching calls on Tuesday afternoon at 4pm Queensland time, I reckon, definitely jump on that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I will. I will. Just this week was hectic.
Kyle Musca: So, can you still see that?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, this looks nice, man.
Kyle Musca: Who built this?
Torin McGlynn: This was Claude.
Kyle Musca: Oh, really?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. It was a bit... I had to mess with a bit, but...
Kyle Musca: The only thing I would say here is, like, just be careful. You need to have your, like, Loom video somewhere.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah. That's what I was thinking as well.
Kyle Musca: I guess you could move it around, but, like, on something like this would be a hard.
Torin McGlynn: otherwise, this looks good. Yeah, was pretty impressed, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: I think the metabolic reset method is Audrey Adams' thing, but that's fine.
Torin McGlynn: I feel like loads of people have it. The coach that I worked for before, before I actually started my business, he called his the metabolic reset method as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, this is nice and simple.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, good.
Kyle Musca: What I like to do with these as well is, yeah, probably something like this, where you go off on your own tangents and everything like that.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, 100%. I think it's pretty good, honestly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. For Claude building this, I'm actually super-imbursed.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, did all the stuff you told me to. The first one it made was absolutely awful, then I told it to do it again.
Kyle Musca: Lucky Mark. Yeah, did it. . . Um. The only other thing I'd say, not for the design, but what you just said there, you might even want to ask it to prompt it to, I always prompt it to give me a better prompt, you know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I remember saying that last time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it does a way better job, like, AI will prompt better than humans will prompt. Only thing here is I would add images.
Torin McGlynn: No, actual real ones, they're all fake, they just do it itself.
Kyle Musca: Ah, even with that, like, just say, you know, give it actual examples, it'll add it for you. Because you can connect your Google Drive and everything like that, so it's like, if you've got transformations in there, you should be able to pull them from there.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they even did that, that's pretty sick.
Torin McGlynn: No, I did that.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay.
Torin McGlynn: I did, I did kind Yeah, because even if you do a Loom video, type yes in the chat.
Kyle Musca: They can actually drop that comment still.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I don't know why it says urgency. I'll remove that. It says urgency, like.
Kyle Musca: Where?
Torin McGlynn: Urgency.
Kyle Musca: Ah, yeah, because it's trying to add urgency, but that should be like.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, okay, so this is an actual document. I wonder if you could upload this in the camera or something.
Torin McGlynn: I can edit it. Like, I can type through and move pieces around and stuff. It's on Keynote. I would, um...
Kyle Musca: See, this is where a simple landing page would come in handy, because they won't be able to click that.
Torin McGlynn: That is true.
Kyle Musca: Also, I don't know if this will go for half an hour.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I'm sure it will. I'll blow up around. Even if it's 20 minutes, it's fine. A lot of there. Kind of like placing fear in their minds almost.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, it's good that you can like elaborate more on these things and it's nice and simple.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I also asked it for a script of what to talk about per slide.
Kyle Musca: I probably wouldn't even do that to be honest. Because then it gets  AI and complicated. The only concern I have here is it probably doesn't elaborate on these things enough. Like it only has really one slide per thing from the looks of things. Yeah, secret two. Secret three. Yeah. So it's like it probably wants to add more just for you to talk about more. Um... Gap between the framework and actually getting results comes down to four things. Personalization, generic programs don't account for your specific hormone profile, life standards, or schedule. The reality is, yes, the changes in menopause are relatively similar for most women, but that doesn't account for when you have kids, if you're working full-time, other personal and psychological stresses that are going on into your life can radically change the outcome from woman A to woman B. You know what mean? So it's like, you don't need a script to do that, if that makes sense.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's what I'm about. If I can spend like three, four minutes on these slides, it'll be fine.
Kyle Musca: I would, see, even stuff like this, this does look cool like this, but you could probably break these into one individual slide each.
Torin McGlynn: You know what I mean? True.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, then with, yeah, you just need, with the, like, it's adding urgency, which is good, it just, urgency just needs to seem really authentic.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I'm pretty good at doing that, to be honest. I'll be able to, I'll be able to just talk through that, to be honest. I'll send it to you before I do it. I'm going to do it this week, this next week. Start with just this one, and I'll just run it through, like, a story or something. I suppose I could do a recipe, one that I think that women. Between the age of 35, and then I could even just try to start a conversation with the ones that don't join, just to start one.
Kyle Musca: The DMs that you should just chat to normally.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Oh yeah, one of the... Actually, no, we'll talk about that in minute.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, what?
Torin McGlynn: Do you have anything else to add for the presentation?
Kyle Musca: No, it would come down to like, I'll probably tweak it a little bit, especially from probably under here. It just starts to seem a little, probably not too salesy, but like, obviously, I think once you tweak, it'll be fine.
Torin McGlynn: Price goes up in massive writing. said, you know, chill out a bit.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, what?
Torin McGlynn: This price goes up in massive writing.
Kyle Musca: We'll probably chill out a bit with that. Yeah, yeah. Like, you don't want to be... Urgency, I'd probably say, is more so scarcity. You know what mean? Like, instead of saying...
Torin McGlynn: Don't miss out, maybe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, I would lean more on this. Like, once those spots are closed, I won't do another intake for, you know, another, you know, 3 to 12 weeks is a pretty big range. So it's like, I won't do another intake for another, you know, could do 4 weeks, you could do 6 weeks, you could do 12 weeks, whatever it is. But I'd probably lean more heavily on the urgency about them missing out. And also having to, like, and then further on from that, also having to push off their start date. You know what mean? The reality is every single day that you continue pushing this off is a day that you're living in a body that doesn't feel like yours. You know what mean? You're waking up tired. You're not giving enough to yourself. And therefore, you know you're not giving enough to your family members and the people that are close to you, whatever you go on. Lean on their pain points. don't deal with  middle-aged children.
Torin McGlynn: So I'm not super fast, but you get the point. Yeah, I get it. That kind of, like, honestly, that's pretty much it, you know, fitting into the clothes. I used to wear all this kind of stuff.
Kyle Musca: A lot of it comes down to energy levels as well that they're feeling. Well, so the biggest thing with this, man, is like when we're talking about marketing and we're talking about, I guess, persuasion, is you want to think about there's three problems that people ultimately want to solve. Okay. One is the external problem. So if you're women, it would be losing weight and I guess helping, you know, menopause. That's the external problem. That's what everyone tries to solve, right? And that's what they even, that's their primary top of mind focus to solve the problem. But that's not what actually gets them to move through and take action, right? So that's the external. That then comes into the internal, right? So this is like, usually you can ask them, how does that make you feel?
Torin McGlynn: you'll find out the internal.
Kyle Musca: Internal is like, perhaps they have a lot of like doubt and confusion about, you know, maneuvering this and that can make them feel very, very scared because there's a A of changes happening to their body, and they're constantly second-guessing everything, right? It could be confidence, you know what mean? They, you know, no longer feel very confident wearing their favorite clothes because, you know, their metabolisms slow down and et cetera, et cetera, et et So it's a feeling. The third thing, man, is a psychological thing. Sorry, a philosophical thing, right? It's essentially a battle versus good versus evil. It's like a morality thing. So, and this is usually coming down to like you ought or you should or you shouldn't have to or you deserve to. So it's like, you know, lose six to eight kilos over the next 10 weeks and help maneuver menopause because, so you can increase your own confidence because you shouldn't have to feel so scared stepping into this next stage of your life. Off the top of my head, you you probably put it a little bit better, but when you have. Those three, when you're solving those three problems, then all of a sudden you have a really compelling argument for why they want to work with you.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is, especially around the back end of that presentation, when you are talking about your coaching, break it down into a simple, it can be anywhere between a three to a six step plan. So what this basically does is that there will be people, there's a lot of people that sit on the fence. You know, a lot of people that have been thinking about doing it for a while, but they just haven't taken action yet. The reason for that, and I'm sure you've probably experienced this as well, is because like, I guess subconsciously or even consciously, you just think, oh, like, it's too much  effort. I can't be bothered right now. I'll figure it out later, right? Because it seems like a really hard and daunting process, and it seems like it's going to be really time consuming. So we want to break it down into ideally probably three to four, but you can go up to six steps of all you need to do is book in your call. We'll see see Sit down and have a chat about where you're at, what you're struggling with. From there, I'll build you a plan over the next couple of months that's going to help you achieve those goals. And then I'm going to guide you through the entire process and make sure that your plan adjusts as you adjust, whatever.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's a three-step simple plan to make the whole process seem really, really easy, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, and make this happen forever. They love that. They love that plan. It's like, because people that are like 40 and 50-year-old women, they've lost weight before in their life, but they just haven't been able to keep it off. Usually, that's the case. And then normally, I'm like, yeah, I'm the coach that makes you keep it off forever. And they love it, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, the other thing as well is, like, people want to go through some kind of transformation, some kind of identity shift. So this kind of comes into the philosophical thing. Because if you can kind of go into, you know, your best years aren't the... You can, like, essentially, like, I wouldn't say it like this, but, like, essentially show them, if they do this and join your program, you'll show them how they can step into that, you know, proud, confident, aging, gracefully type of woman instead of a woman that withers away.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: You're proud and all this stuff, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But you also have to put in, like, you do have to fear, not fear longer, but you have to make the fear top of mind for them, right? So it's like, what happens if they don't take action? As you continue going deeper and deeper into menopause, your hormones are going to continue to crash further and further to the point where it may take years or you may never even be able to pull yourself out of that hole once you get in there. It's a lot easier to solve this issue now rather than, you know, solving it once you're up Schitt's Creek without that, however you'd wear it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, again, like, adding a... The other thing is try and throw in there a villain. You know, a villain could be a good case for this, right, is a villain of coaches that work with, you know, women in their 30s or 20s or 30s, they don't understand how the body of a woman in her 40s or 50s who are going through these massive hormonal shifts actually works. So that's why when you've tried plans in the past, sure, maybe it worked for a short period of time, but I can probably guess eventually things, you know, fell apart and all of a sudden you were in the same, if not worse, position than where you started.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Is this on the mastermind as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So anytime you're doing any kind of like persuasion, it should be there to some degree. Okay. Whether it's an ad, whether it's a mastermind, whether sales is technically the same, you know what It's like cost of inaction. It's a villain. There has to be a fear element into it. You also have to be very direct with the thing. it's like, make sure you book the call now. Don't push it off because if you push it off, I guarantee you it doesn't get done. We all know that that's the case, right? Things are only going to get harder and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Torin McGlynn: Book the call now. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: A good, a good, um, person to like, look at for that is like Mr. Beast, right? If you watch one of his videos, he's not like, um, you know, buy the, buy the feastables when you can. He's like, go buy feastables right now. You know what mean? Like he, he tells you to very directly to go buy it right now.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's good advice for the mastermind itself. What else was going to ask you about? Can we pull up my check-in thing?
Kyle Musca: Yes. Yes. would end up there. .
Torin McGlynn: We didn't quite get the goal of 20 for the week, but we got 12, which is good. It's not a bad week. used to be the month of week, but we got three sign-ups, all USD.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think close rate's probably definitely a thing there. So definitely start recording your calls. review them.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Because you increase that, you're going to be I feel like my sales skills at night are just not it. But my one's in the morning. I'm sure, I don't know if this is just the same with everybody, but this is definitely me. If I hop on a sales call in the morning, I feel like I'm like so locked into it, and I can be much more articulate with my words. And then at nighttime, I just get a bit tired of it if they just, you know what mean? Yeah. my own problems, really.
Kyle Musca: It wasn't only a look. I don't know, I swear I never used to get these, now I'm getting them everywhere. The, like, I'm not a robot thing.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, and just passwords in general. Got all these emails.
Kyle Musca: Surely AI is  smart enough to click a box.
Torin McGlynn: I've got some weird capture ones, you know, they've changed them a bit.
Kyle Musca: Updated, macroactive, nearly done, scripts, good close USA.
Torin McGlynn: They're going through a full, like, strategy with me as well, macroactive.
Kyle Musca: Right.
Torin McGlynn: Low ticket. Not sure how well it's going to go, but it's exciting. Oh yeah, that's the, um, the setter sent that in. through, I'm We're that That in the quotation marks.
Kyle Musca: Questions about the time of them concerned is I just have a small concern about duty hours. I understand it works since there's leads active during that time, but when I'm not logged into your account, I might not be able to respond right away to other active leads.
Torin McGlynn: Because there's a gap. So because I have them working 10 hours a day, I five, I change their hours from 5 a.m. to 10 a.m. And then, because that's 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. Eastern time in the U.S., and then I also changed it to 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. So they're working nine hours, but then there's just a big gap between them. Do you know what saying?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: But it's kind of when they're sleeping.
Kyle Musca: Who's sleeping? The setters, or?
Torin McGlynn: No, kind of when they're sleeping as in the people in the U.S.
Kyle Musca: You're predominantly getting U.S.
Torin McGlynn: leads, Oh, yeah. Like, huge majority.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, it's probably not, like, unless you're getting a ton of leads in that time, and then people are getting missed out on, that's, like, not really the biggest issue.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, like, honestly, I don't even want, we're at, like, 63,000 for yearly revenue of Australian clients. And I don't even want, like, I don't even want more Australian ones, because then it's just GST.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, plus to Australia, there's a lot of fear in the Australian market at the moment, because of all the oil fuel , and the government's just  retarded. So, I probably wouldn't worry about it, to be honest. If it's, like, dead in the middle of the night, you're not getting many messages through then anyway, it doesn't matter.
Torin McGlynn: Can I always get into work more?
Kyle Musca: I think they're just trying to ask for a little bit hours to get paid more, to be honest.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, she works a lot. She works six days a week on my account, like, nine hours. She's been good, though. I think with the new adjustments and the stuff that you sent her, She's pretty good now, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, awesome. See if she needs to build a project DM setting tone thing, because if so, or you could even do it. Did you get the paid one?
Torin McGlynn: The one that you sent me.
Kyle Musca: The paid clause, sorry?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I got the, yeah, I got the pro one. I may as well just get the $160 one, because I'll probably use it now.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do there is, like, because I made this mistake, I think I'm still paying it for it, but I use it that much. So it kind of works out anyway. I think there's a personal one, but you can get an organization one, so you can invite team members to.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, cheaper, is it?
Kyle Musca: No, it's the same price, but you can just invite team members to. Oh, So, for example, like, I have a DM setting guide with all these projects dinner, and it's in the trainings that I send to her, but essentially, she's meant to copy the entire conversation with the prompt, and then, like, add in the next part of the script, and then the DM. You said, like, the AI replies based off that.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, so you can actually give your DM setters access to the cloud. Is what you're Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you see how it's shared?
Torin McGlynn: I'll do that for sure. So it is worth getting. I'll surely use it, especially when getting it to, like, replace Lucky and do my presentations for me.
Kyle Musca: Because that presentation is pretty good. It's just some things I can edit. Yeah, well, yeah, exactly. Like, I got my copywriter in my presentation ones. He's also in the video ad scripts and stuff like that. It's like, you can add, yeah, when you build out your teams and stuff like that, for sure.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I think it's worth it, for sure. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It kicked me out of here. What the ? I don't know. Good.
Torin McGlynn: I think that's, okay, so that's fine. Pre-new, have you got a new pre-call video? Or should I do one?
Kyle Musca: Do you have the original one we spoke about?
Torin McGlynn: I have the original one we spoke about. It talks about, remember we had a problem with it talking about finances a bit? Oh, yeah. I didn't update it ever, but I thought that it was kind of a good thing because then I just like get, I get them to speak about the financials and there's, and also a view that no one ever watches it and then talks about finances after it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like if you're not getting any backlash, sure, it's fine. You might want to, like, if you're getting a lot of, I need to talk to my partner about it, this is a tricky one because you don't want to like cause anxiety by telling them to do something too harsh, but you might want to definitely say like, look, you know, speak to your partner about it. Make sure that they're aware that you are, one, looking into this, but also make sure that they're aware of why you're looking at doing this because the number one thing I find is that, you know, when I jump on a call, people don't, that people's partners aren't actually aware of the problems that they're dealing with and how severe those problems are actually like, are to them. And it's very, very hard for someone else to understand why you want to do something if that, again, but even then, like, I think that's probably coming down to an objection handle thing more than a pre-call video. You just want to make sure that in the pre-call video you mentioned. Have a chat with your partner. Make sure that you're aware of getting on this call. Make sure, whatever. Because realistically, it is your job on the closing call to basically tell, like, objection handle them. When it comes to the partner objection, I find that you need to, in a way, villainize the partner, in a way, without going too far. But then also, make them understand that they are the ones that need to make a decision for themselves. Because if they pass off that responsibility, and things don't change, they're going to continue to feel even worse. And, you know, in six months' time, when nothing's changed, and you're at an all-time low, who do you feel like you're going to blame? Me? Are you sure it's going to be you? Because you're not the one that made the decision to not do it.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then also, and again, villainize, in a way, by saying, like, look, your partner doesn't understand the problems that you're actually... So it's not really fair for you to go and ask him, because when you do that, all they're going to hear is, hey, I want to do this fitness program. It's X amount of dollars. And all they're to hear is that I'm losing money. You're not doing it. Because they don't technically get anything directly out of it. Don't get me wrong. Once you make this transformation and you become a completely new woman, he's going to be like, I wish you did it sooner. Do it again.
Torin McGlynn: But reality is, they don't see the value in it because they only see the price involved with it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So of course, it's not going make sense for him to do it.
Torin McGlynn: Probably shift it to like, what's the price of inaction then, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it's like, look, and then you kind of ultimately need to get it to, I've done this, you know, I've done thousands of these calls and the women that do succeed and make a transformation are the women that understood that, yes, maybe their partners will be, a little bit upset with them, but. At the end of the day, if they're a supporting partner, I'm sure they'll understand. And they also found that it was a lot easier to ask for forgiveness than it was to ask for permission.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. And throwing in that kind of like humor of like, I guarantee you in three months, you're a partner and you will not be thinking about the investment you made. You'll be thinking about the results. Like you won't even remember that kind of thing. They always love that. That always gets a good objection to handle.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, like, and you can do it. Like, I mean, you know, do you remember the, you know, again, it's hard to know without something, but it's like, I'm sure you've probably gone on a cruise ship, right? Or some kind of holiday, right? When was the last holiday you went on? Hopefully they've been on one relatively like recent. Do you remember like paying for the holiday or do you remember the holiday itself?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But this is actually like a life-changing transformation.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. And the holiday, right, is only just the memory of maybe those few short weeks you spent there. And that was worth it. This is not only going to get you to where you want to be, it's going to be life-changing. It's going to remain for the rest of your life. So it's not just going to be a memory. It's going to be something that you live in every single day. So I find that you can't let them get off the phone, I need to ask my partner about it, because they will talk themselves out of it. Again, it's a smokescreen objection. If you don't overcome the objection, you're going to lose them.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah. No, I could be definitely better at that. I got like four of those this week. I need to talk to my partner. It's really annoying.
Kyle Musca: And again, just use like, look, my actual, again, this is probably like further on the objection cycle, but my actual statistics is like 98% of the time, people jump off these calls because they need to ask their partner about it. I never speak to them again. And there's two reasons for that. One is as soon as you jump off this call, that little voice in your brain is going to start immediately telling you why now is not a good time and how you should push this off and how it's, you know, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. million, one different. Different excuses are going to flood in, and you're just not going to do it.
Torin McGlynn: It's human nature. not taking action and staying in the comfort zone.
Kyle Musca: The second reason is because you're going to go ask your partner, and they're not going to understand the problems that you're facing and how much that's actually affecting you. All they're going to hear is just how much it costs and how they get nothing out of it directly. Don't get me wrong. They're going to absolutely  love it in three months' time when you're looking  in a bikini or whatever. Try and make a joke.
Torin McGlynn: I wouldn't say that, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right now, all they're going to hear is just the price tag, and they're going to say no.
Torin McGlynn: That's definitely a good one to do.
Kyle Musca: Again, because that's a bit more direct. That's further on. That's probably like objection cycle, maybe four onwards.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just quickly, so it's in the recording. I need to ask my partner, it's number one, what would you do if they said no?
Torin McGlynn: Oh yeah, I always say that. I always say that.
Kyle Musca: Do they get vague about it? Like, oh, I'll just figure it out?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, they're like, I don't know, I'll figure it out, kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see, vagueness kills calls. So you need to uncover that. No, seriously, because this is really important. I hear that all the time, but without a plan, like, you're pretty much destined to fail. So I guess if you said no.
Torin McGlynn: circle back with their time thing. You know, it's like, how long have you been dealing with that?
Kyle Musca: They're like 10 years. I'm like, is that the but you can't move on from this. You can't move on from this. Until you get them to realize that I'll just figure it out as a stupid response, you can't move on from it. Vagueness kills calls. Because they've got this out in their head now. If I don't move forward right now, I'll just figure it out.
Torin McGlynn: But would you not bring it out? Like, have you not been trying to figure it out for the last 10 years?
Kyle Musca: No, I would just ask. I'll just figure it out. Okay, like, no, seriously, like, you know. If we jump on this call, and I want to make sure that you leave this call, whether we move forward today or not, with clarity, and you know what you're going to do. I guess, seriously, because if we don't have a plan, you're going to... How are you going to figure it out? What are going to do? Oh, I don't know. Well, you see how you're already trying to justify yourself by just saying, I'll figure it out, but you don't actually know how you're going to figure that out. Do you feel like that's potentially what's happened for the last two years?
Torin McGlynn: Okay. So you bring it in a bit later.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, but you can't move on from that because it's like, there's, it's just a, it's a little pocket they can escape into to weasel out of. You need to like bring them back out of that pocket into the conversation. It's like, I'll figure it out as not an actual  thing. You know what I mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, you won't figure it out. That's the point. So that's one. Number two is, I guess, you know, you probably have questions for me. What was it specifically that you wanted to chat to your partner about? Right. Actually, before that, I would try and say like, yeah, no stress. How long? Yeah. How long will you feel like you need to chat to them? Right. So give them an answer. They don't feel like they're going into full defensive mode. I'm sure you have questions for me. What do you feel? What is it? You need to sort of run over with your partner, see if it's finances, whatever it is, all right? Fear-based logistics, okay, and just on the same page, is it a matter of you actually have the funds available, you just want to make sure it's fine with them and it works with the bills and everything, or is it like you guys are going to need to figure out where to actually find these funds? Fear-based versus logistics, because if they say they have the money, the sales on the cards, if they say they don't have the money, then you need to find where you can get the money from. From that, third objection cycle, an analogy, you've been going around in this island, going in circles.
Torin McGlynn: I've been using that since the day you told me about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, appreciate it. And then it's like, you know, we're getting more direct now. Fourth usually is an identity shift, which is probably where you villainize the partner. You know mean? The issue I have here is like, you know, what's going to happen is if you pass off the decision to make this decision, and you pass it on to your partner, one, they're going to say no, because all they see is the cost involved and they don't get anything out of it, yada, yada, yada. But I guess like in... Six months' time when you haven't changed, or actually identity shift is more like in six months' time when you think the woman who's become her strongest, sexiest, most confident self, what decision do you feel like she would make in this moment right now? So get her out of her own decision-making process and put it in the mind of the woman that she wants to become. Do you feel like she would sit on the sidelines, ask her partner who's probably going to say no, or do you feel like she would invest in herself, make this change, and then do whatever's necessary to make sure that this change actually works? Objection cycle five, 98% of the time people get off these calls, they don't come back because of these two reasons. Who do you think you're going to blame in six months' time when things haven't changed? You know, don't build up resentment. And then objection cycle six is like, what decision do you need make right now so we need to get off this phone tonight, you go to bed, you feel confident in the decision you've made, so you put yourself in the best, yada, yada, yada, yada, right?
Torin McGlynn: When do you actually, okay, that was probably a good question to ask. When do you personally... Definitely just decide, okay, this isn't happening on a sales call. Is it like objections cycle six?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but around objection cycle five or six, I'll start to get probably kind of pissed off because at that point, it's 100% fear-based.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. And okay, another thing that I got twice this week is I tell them price and they just absolutely say, I just cannot afford that. And they even talk about how little money they have.
Kyle Musca: Like at the end of the day, I do have to run a sec, but at the end of the day, you know, the last thing I want to do is make you sort of financially stressed and everything like that. So I guess just so I'm on the same page, is it a matter of like, you do have the funds available and it's just like making sure it works with bills and everything? Or is it like, you just do not have those funds and it'd be a matter of like where you could potentially find them?
Torin McGlynn: All right. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: You know what Because it's really clear to identify that because otherwise it's like you're kind of left in the dark with what you're even trying to solve.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Cool. All right.
Kyle Musca: And then if it's logistics-based, it's like, okay, let's have a look. Like, how much money are you spending on fast food? How much money are spending on drinking? How much money are spending on smoking? How much money are spending on subscriptions? Yada, yada, yada, yada. Being fat is not cheap. You know what I mean?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. So it's like, you just buy the money. Cool. All right. Yeah. That's all good stuff, man. Thank you for today. Well, I'll chat to you during the week about this Mastermind thing. And hopefully we get the 20 next week.
Kyle Musca: I'm sure we can. Yeah. Yeah. That'll be good. Cool. If you get stuck on it, just sing it. 100%. See you later, bro. See you later. Bye.


>>> 201/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-08T05:00:40Z | id:144672799
People: Kyle Musca

Imogen Harris: How are you? Not too bad. This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: All right, cool. We'll dive into things. There's a fair bit I want to cover.
Imogen Harris: How has this week gone overall for you? Yeah, not too bad. I feel like last weekend with like client shows and stuff was a little bit  chaotic. So I feel like it's just trying to get back into the swing of things. But yeah, no, not too bad. I just feel like I've been so  around with people like last minute cancelling calls, rescheduling, which I know it's going to be up and down. But like, it's just been  annoying this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I want to cover that because let's go through your checking form real quick. So three calls, four taken up and two closed.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. So one started on the spot and then one starting Monday, which is good. So, yeah, one came from, like, a coaching application and the other one came from an ad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the thing with your ads, and this is why I'm surprised, how many calls, was that total calls booked or is that?
Imogen Harris: Booked, yeah. There were, oh, no, not booked. The ones I ended up getting on, I think it might have been, like,  eight or nine, I think, this week. But, like, even, like, last night, the setter had booked a call for this morning. And then I messaged her this morning just confirming.
Kyle Musca: And her response was, like, no, I think I'll give it a miss. Sorry. And I was just, like, like, was, like, what's changed?
Imogen Harris: You know what I Yeah, no, I did reply to her and I said, what's changed? Like, do you mind if I ask what's changed? And I haven't even got a reply. So, but, yeah, I just feel like there's been a lot of, I don't know, a little bit more multicultural responses when I have had people in the DMs. Yeah, I think there's a lot more coming through. Like, I had two of those calls. know. there's But This week, and like trying to talk to them, and like as soon as obviously got into packaging, like, no, that's not what I want, or no, that's not what I'm looking for. So it was just a bit like, 's sake, okay. And then, yeah, a lot of the responses from DMs, which again, is absolutely not the setter's fault, but it's hard for her to talk to them because it's very like one answer, one-worded replies, which like, and then I've looked at their profiles and they're like Indian or something.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, yeah, so Indians are the biggest pain in the , not even hiding about it anymore.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, Brie mentioned in the pool a little bit on a Tuesday and I was like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they're just  . I mean, if they didn't want to have such a bad reputation, they shouldn't be so  annoying.
Imogen Harris: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: So what we did in Brie's account, just add this one.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So I reckon if that's the case, let's add that to yours.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that sounds good because, yeah, I feel like, and like, that's why coming into the school, I was like, I know you'd mentioned Brie having issues. We there in the past, and I was just like, yeah, I feel like that might be happening right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what we'll do here is, you don't get many Asians.
Imogen Harris: What signing up to? No, no, it's been, yeah, mostly when anyone's been in there, it's been, I don't even think I have any Asian clients, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's okay, we just need to throw that in there so it doesn't sound like it's just us.
Imogen Harris: It's just a wrap, yeah, that's so fun. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Like, so, that, oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, that is that, oh, , get out of here, cool, cool, then what that does.
Imogen Harris: Oh, yeah, because there's no intertwine from it. Give me two seconds, it's just a  specimen. Jack, shine for the shine. Jacks, enough, please. No, I saw this. Shush. Shush. That's it. Sorry about that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Instagram, no. It's not what want.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, this all looks so  complicated at the best times.
Kyle Musca: Qualified Instagram.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, because I found a couple of the conversations I was reading over as well with the Indians, they were just like, first thing was like, it's free, yeah? And she was just like, no. Shush, please. Enough. Shush.
Kyle Musca: Is this yours? This is yours, hey?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Should be.
Imogen Harris: I hope so.
Kyle Musca: Meeting our guide?
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. That changed a little bit. Now, the thing with yours that could explain it, to be honest, especially for the broad, you're actually getting a really good cost per lead for the broad. You can see these. So just so you're, whenever you come into, you'll see campaigns, ad sets, and ads. This is the furthest out view. This is like a mid-level view, and this is the actual ad level view itself. So it's like you'll see some things like that, which can be very scary, but then it's like you click into it. As you click into it, you'll see, hence why, and the amount spent there. When you click into that further, you'll see that there's ones that are doing kind of like this. So $45 for a lead, not bad at all. Again, anything in the 40s, especially for a video, is considered pretty good, but it's only spent $45, so it's not really enough for us to know there. Same thing with this. You can see that looks very scary from the top end because it's taking into consideration we spent $100 there for $50 leads and there's $42 there. Those are all spends. But this one has pulled in a lead $11. So theoretically, hopefully, that one continues to do well for us.
Imogen Harris: We'll see. It's still too early.
Kyle Musca: What could be happening here is based off that, we'll read conversations in a second, but this, because we didn't have the Indian tag, could have just been a bunch of Indians coming through.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's a little bit tricky and a little bit hard to tell because it's like right now we're just testing to get it out of the way. Yeah. It is completely up to you and, you know, depending on what's happening and everything like that. I would probably, like if it was me, I would, these are showing good signs, especially like the job title one, for example. Yeah. You know, $40 per lead.
Imogen Harris: Raksha again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So $40 per lead, 20,000. That's under $30. This one's got $14. I mean, so there's really good signs life there. It just hasn't had enough to properly test and see. There's ones like the graphics, which, you know, again, I manage these daily. So that was way too high, which dragged that up, but I only spent $84. So just turned it off. And again, you can see, you know, $36. We'll see. But again, only $0.36 spent.
Imogen Harris: So again, too early. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah. I just think as you, as we kind of said at the end of last week, I think there's just going to be weeks where it's just a bit .
Kyle Musca: And I just found that whole period, just everyone got  hit massively, including pretty, like pretty much every Australian person I know.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it is unfortunate, but it is what it is. But overall, there's definitely good signs of life on your account.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's just see how it goes. The other thing is definitely the show up, Because if you had a decent show up. Great. Then it would have actually not been a bad week.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. It's just been like, yeah, a lot of last minute cancellations or no shows or, yeah, it's just been a bit chaotic.
Kyle Musca: So one thing, have you read the chats?
Imogen Harris: I haven't gone through them all, to be honest with you. There's a couple when I see them pop up when they're asking for a time or whatever, and then I don't hear anything. But yeah, I haven't had a massive look.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's obviously  terrible. I don't know how she's put that in there. She might want to go delete that ASAP.
Imogen Harris: What's that?
Kyle Musca: That's the prompt that she's meant to use. I don't know how she's copied that into this.
Imogen Harris: It's not coming up on this end. It just says, honestly, babe, that's completely normal. Most girls come to me feeling that exact same way.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Imogen Harris: Maybe she deleted it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I don't think you could delete them, but...
Imogen Harris: Yeah. I'm not sure either. Yeah, it's not coming up on my end because she's just started. Because yeah, I had to have a conversation with her the other day because I found in the hours that she was logged in for, I was replying to people and it happened like three or four times. And I was just like, are you in or are you not in? So yeah, I had a bit of a conversation with the both and I just said, if it kind of happens again, probably gonna have to look for another set up. So she's been okay since then. But yeah, cause it was like multiple times. I was like, she was opening the messages because it wasn't coming up for a notification from me. But then, yeah, so it was a bit  annoying.
Kyle Musca: But anyway. Yeah. So you just got to be wrong on top of them. I have found a way to source good status. So it's like, we need to now. I'm a lot more confident than when we started. In terms of, I was just figuring out then, but now it's pretty good.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. No, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: I'm also my set as a gun. So I might even want to work her into like a managerial role where she sort of like reviews conversations and does trainings and stuff like that.
Imogen Harris: But.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Essentially what Clomay's job is meant to do.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So one thing it's always really good to look at is reply time. So this was May 8th. So is that today? Yep. At 10.46, my time, 11.03. So not too bad. Was she starting at 11, which would be like one?
Imogen Harris: That was me, I think. So she's like seven till nine and then like two till four and then like six till seven or something like that. So I'm just like, I've got my drive opening my phone at all times just in case I need to quickly copy and paste something.
Kyle Musca: as I'm doing . Oh, okay. Perfect.
Imogen Harris: But yeah, rest is her.
Kyle Musca: 11.05, 11.06. Which is good. So again, you can see the pace of the conversation's here.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, don't know. That message is definitely not there, so she must have quickly sent it.
Kyle Musca: Probably wouldn't say, would you be open to jumping on a call?
Imogen Harris: I would say, how about we jump on a call? Yeah, okay. Yeah, cool. Some notes, like, back to birth.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see, this is probably actually an Indian, based off that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, some of the problem is, I'm like, this is giving Indian. There's been a few.
Kyle Musca: Especially because she's so based on cost.
Imogen Harris: like, I'm like, I'm I'm And, like, just the way they respond, I'm like, I can tell you do not have very good English.
Kyle Musca: So my mindset and being motivated into wanting to train would be good. I want to lift weights, but scared. So it's like she said she struggles with mindset. So it's like, and she's just, she's said multiple times here, or just for me skim reading this, that and accountability, she struggles with that. So it's just like putting my coaching hat on and you've said this multiple times. You know, and it seems like you're just trying to talk yourself out of it because you're saying you want to feel, once you're more confident, you'll do something, but you're not going to be able to get more confident until you do something.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, and then I basically just tell her, like, you know. I'd hate to see that the reason be the reason why you don't make a change. So let's jump on today and have a chat or something like that, probably a little bit better, but something along those lines. But she does, that photo seems Indian, so it's probably not the biggest loss.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. We need to like spend each night just going through the conversations from the day and making notes.
Kyle Musca: Or even just like maybe setting yourself a reminder once a week just to come review, like properly. Because all you have to do is just filter by quality leads as I'm doing here. And it probably only takes 10, 20 minutes to do it.
Imogen Harris: It's just a bit tedious. Needed though to see what gaps are.
Kyle Musca: So that's some red. So this can't be happening. I'll get back to the day as I'll think about it later.
Imogen Harris: We won't get done. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I would say. Well, I don't want to reply on the set of replies at the same time.
Imogen Harris: I was going to go into my set of things and say don't reply. So don't reply, please. So she should be able to say that pretty quickly.
Kyle Musca: She would.
Imogen Harris: I can go in and delete that, yeah. Yeah, I'm done.
Kyle Musca: So see how what I did there is I basically, she's on our time.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, she's already typing. , she must be in the conversation. Good time. I think she just replied, working all day tomorrow or something, something I just thought. I feel this is like, this has been kind of like, I feel like a reoccurring thing that people have responded to, I'll get back to you, or whatever it may be. I feel like this has happened a fair bit from what I've read.
Kyle Musca: Is this a client or a friend?
Imogen Harris: She's now a client, so that's fun.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that was the other thing. I'm sure you probably have a lot of girls.
Imogen Harris: Do you have any video testimonials? I do from a while ago, but I don't have any current ones.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do, just on this, we'll come back to this tangent real quick, is I would jump on a call with them, like a Zoom call, and just record it. And then you send it off to an editor to piece together the best parts, and you just essentially ask them loaded questions, What we can do there is like we can retarget anyone that's messaged you within the last like, let's say seven days. And what that does is it's super, super cheap and affordable to do. It's like maybe we do $2 per video a day, if that, to be honest, because we're telling meta exactly who we want to target, not just go target anyone. And while these girls, it does two things. While these girls are in conversation with you, they're constantly seeing social proof. And then also while they're waiting to jump on the call, they're constantly seeing social proof.
Imogen Harris: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you know, if a client's just messaged you or they jump on a call with you and they see something like, I've an army weight target. So my goal has been unreal. He's been setting me up so I haven't been burning out too much. I've leaned out pretty well. It is noticeably different than the amount of compliments and  I've been copping the last couple of weeks. It's been unreal. I've into my ex on the weekend and she's been blowing out my phone ever since. my body's dead. Yeah, that's funny. What's been sort of the biggest win from the program so far in your opinion? Biggest win for the program. Healthy habits, I reckon. Confidence is through the roof. My fitness is through the roof. Bull riding on the water. Yeah, I mean, like, just see, like, it's just social, it's just super, super strong.
Imogen Harris: So you connect that to, what are you connecting that to specifically?
Kyle Musca: We just run it as an ad, and we just retarget people in messaging you.
Imogen Harris: Oh, that's so cool. Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, that's so, and even, like, I can, like, I've got checking calls throughout the week anyway, so, like, some of them have been maybe, like, a month or two in as well, so I can try and, like, piece that at the end of there. Like, check-in call even.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, just ask them a loaded question, you know, what's been the biggest win for you since you joined the program? You know what I mean? Yeah. I guess just on a bit of market research, I guess, like, who would you honestly recommend the program to most? You know, what's been the biggest physical win you've since noticed joining the program? You know what mean?
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, okay, cool. No, that's easy.
Kyle Musca: Before I jump on them, I just go into Claude and basically just say, like, what I'm trying to do and just give me a list of loaded questions.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, can also just get some, like, other video testimonials from, like, OG clients that would happily do anything that I asked as well.
Kyle Musca: That's Indian, not ideal.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, that's what she said about today and then hadn't heard. So then I said reconfirm and so I don't know anything. It's when they say, can you call right now? I've had so many of them and that's how I know they're Indian is, like, urgency from there. And, like, there's been times where I haven't been able to.
Kyle Musca: I mean, she's in meetings from 11 to 3. That's probably why she hasn't replied back to. So, mean, that's not terrible. As far as Indian goes, that's probably a better one. So 17, that would have been 10 p.m., 10.30, West Queensland, like 17. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so it's like, like, so many people are, like, putting in their height, weight, and age, and then there's just not much going on after that. That's 6.40, and that's, so should she be there, in there at 6, 6.40pm?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I guess that's 7pm, I don't know, that's like 8pm, so that's a bit of a delayed response.
Imogen Harris: She should have been working. Yeah, I've said it a couple of times, so I'm hoping, I just said to Clem A that I'll just keep assessing it, and if it's still feel like I'm the one replying to most, then we're going to have to look for someone else. But, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then that would have been 9-19.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I didn't do any of this conversation, so.
Kyle Musca: Okay, who's someone who's booked in a call but didn't show, or cancelled?
Imogen Harris: Melita, just a few up, one more. Yeah, so I did a voice message back about, like, completely understand. Because, um... I think she said something about, why is that babe? And I felt like it was a bit, yeah. So then I kind of did back with the voice message. But yeah, I just said like, I understand mentally it's blah, blah, blah. But yeah, it was like something like this morning, I tried to confirm with her and she's like, don't think so. Sorry. And I was like, what? But like prior, was like, I'd love to have a coach. So I don't  know.
Kyle Musca: What's your average age of your client?
Imogen Harris: Um, like since we've been doing the ads, I would say like early to mid thirties, like prior to that, I would say I've got such a, like a wide, but I would say maybe like 24 to like 45.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what are, what I reckon we do is we need to probably change your messaging around. It's not bad, but I feel like it could probably be better to bring in better quality leads. So it's like, when you think of your best quality clients, what do they have in common?
Imogen Harris: Just, oh God, what do they have in common? They're just sufficient with everything that I give them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. like about characteristics, like, you know, what, um, were they girls that, you know, were already training and putting the effort? They just didn't know what to do. So they wanted like extra guidance. Were they girls that, you know. They were already doing things pretty well where they wanted to take things to the next level where they complete beginners that never touched the gym.
Imogen Harris: They already had an understanding, but they just like didn't really, they were already doing the things, but they weren't getting the results that they were wanting from the things that we're currently doing.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And I guess, so they were putting in the effort, but they just weren't getting the results. How did that make them feel?
Imogen Harris: A lot of them are quite, like, if I'm honest, they're quite depressed and just lack of confidence when they came to me originally.
Kyle Musca: Lack of confidence, like how, expand on that.
Imogen Harris: Oh, God.
Kyle Musca: Lack of confidence in their ability to know what to do, lack of confidence in Just that they were going feel confident again within themselves. Okay. And like, how did that affect them?
Imogen Harris: Mentally, a lot of them, mental rut for probably all of them.
Kyle Musca: Mm-hmm. Okay. So girls that have already been, and they were training, they were watching what they eat, essentially?
Imogen Harris: Well, from what they thought they were doing. Like, they thought they were doing everything right. And that's even, like, a couple of calls I've had in the last month or so. It's like, they're still doing the things that they thought they would be, like, nutrition, under-eating, all that kind of stuff, but they just not seem to be getting where they want to get to.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And, okay, so they're already putting in the work. And these are girls more, like, gen-pop girls? They're not girls that are, like, trying to jump on stage, something?
Imogen Harris: Nah, like, recently they haven't been. I feel like a lot of the girls that are competitors now, like, they started gen-pop, and they've just kind of wanted to as it's progressed. But I would argue it's, like, 50% that, and then, to be honest, all of my new clients, I would argue, like, 65% to 70% are mums that have been under And like have just not been, even like the lady that signed up yesterday when I was on a call with her, she was like, I've just been putting everyone else first for so long and now I've just lost myself, which is like, I feel like it's a very common theme at the moment with some of them that I've started.
Kyle Musca: And out of those two, who would you say is a better overall client, like in terms of more likely to sign up and who you actually like working with?
Imogen Harris: I feel like it's, it's kind of like a half-half. I feel like when I'm on a call with the ones that say those things, it's a very much having to like, I'll talk to my husband and like try and rebut and stuff like that. Whereas the girls that already kind of have an understanding of what they're doing, they're just not taking it to the next level. Like, yeah, cool. I know what I need to do. I just need a coach.
Kyle Musca: So happy days where I think there's a lot more scarcity with the mums, if that makes sense. Okay. So what that's basically saying is like the current messaging we're having right now is probably attracting more mums, which is evident. So what I reckon we So there's, when it comes to persuasion and everything like that, essentially we're trying to solve three problems, right? Number one is the external problem. Now, this is the problem that everybody tries to solve. This is the lose 10 kilos, right? That's definitely a problem and it's the surface level problem. It's probably the top of mind problem in the prospect's head, but it's not the problem that drives the action. So that would lead us on to the internal problem, which is how do they feel about it, right? So you mentioned confidence there.
Imogen Harris: You mentioned they feel lost.
Kyle Musca: They feel hopeless, right? There's probably a lot of doubt in them. They're constantly second-guessing themselves, right? Those types of feelings, right? Then, so we want to solve that, right? So it's like, and a good explanation of this is like, there's a car, there's a second, like a used car dealership, rental dealership over in the US. And they massively outdo all their competitors. But none of their marketing talks about used cars. Their marketing talks about how, like, if you go into a used cars dealership, what do you feel like you're going to experience?
Imogen Harris: Just a used  car.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, some sleazy snake oil salesman are going to sell you some  you don't need, right? So they solve that problem. Our salespeople don't get varied commissions based off the price.
Imogen Harris: The price you see on the car is the price you'll pay. Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: All right, that's the problem that they solve. Yes, they sell used cars, but they don't do any of that in the marketing, right? Because a lot of people buy. So that's the main problem we want to solve. Then there's the third layer, which is the philosophical problem. Sorry, not the philosophical problem, right? And this is usually, like, because you should or you shouldn't or because you ought to or because you deserve to, right? So it's like, in your case, it's like, you know, if you're a girl who's been putting in the work, you're already training, you're watching what you eat. But no matter what, you just can't seem to shift that stubborn six to eight kilos. And because of that, you feel like your confidence is completely tanked. You feel lost because you're doing everything you feel like you should be doing right. But no matter what you do, nothing seems to work. This is for you because you deserve to feel, you deserve to get the results from the effort you're putting in so you can feel confident or so you can feel like your strongest, sexiest self.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's just very off the top of my head, but you get the point, right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like once you solve those three problems for your specific avatar, then it's like that's who we'll attract.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because, you know, especially the already putting in work and stuff like that, yes, it might apply to moms, but like there's probably like the lady you said who's, you know, been putting everyone else first. I assume she probably wasn't training before that, right?
Imogen Harris: No.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. So it's like, well, it's not going to attract her because we didn't talk to her.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Which is a good thing. Like, obviously, she's on, but.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because I, like, I made a couple of Canvas that I sent you, but then, like, I'm like, obviously I didn't keep going because I wasn't sure. But then I feel like I've kind of like, oh, like some of them, which I need to fix the spelling error on one of them already, I can see. But some are kind of aimed at mums, but then some are kind of, like, eating the bare minimum, constantly doing the right things, but still not seeing any changes.
Kyle Musca: So just trying to, like, shift. Yeah. See, even this, like, if you really break this down, just sorry to cut you off that, are you constantly trying to find the perfect time to finally start putting effort back into yourself? Which is a good message, right? It's not, I'm not saying it's bad by any means, but that's going to attract people that aren't currently training.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. That's why once we've had, when you started talking, I was like, I feel like these are more aimed at them more than anything. anything. at
Kyle Musca: Yes. Now, what we also want to sell in these is the ultimate transformation. People want to come through and transform into someone completely different. Everyone wants to evolve. Everyone wants to become better. We have to also mention it, which I guess is something like this. I actually feel proud in their body again next 12 weeks. So that's good. So this isn't bad at all. It's just fine tuning to get the target audience. Yeah. So it's overall good message. Just not like we can use it. We can absolutely run it. Don't get me wrong. But probably not for the audience we just spoke about.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. I need to add a G to that doing. It's really annoying me.
Kyle Musca: But other than that. The other thing is vagueness kills conversions. Right. So it's like when I look at these, when you look at these, within the first five seconds, Seconds of just glimpsing in it, you should know exactly what it's for, who it's for, and how to act on it, essentially.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I guess the how to act on it is like you get to the bottom, so not necessarily in the first five seconds, but it should be very, very clear about what it's for. Yeah. To a degree this does, eating the bare minimum, constantly doing things, doing the right things, but still not seeing any change.
Imogen Harris: That's a bit vague. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Still not budging off the last kilos or something like that, like trying to be more specific?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Specific, it's either a very specific thing, or it's a numerical thing.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: One of the two is fine.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I love numbers, but like, again, we want to test different things.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, okay. Like still, yeah, still not fitting in your old clothes or something, like trying to make it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, still not seeing the scale shift. Yeah. Still not not seeing the change. And just in the mirror, you know what mean? Which does make sense because you're taking a mirror selfie.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I like that actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I would play. Because that was my thing for this weekend was just trying to make a heap of different variations and just send a bunch to you and then you can figure out what you like and what you don't and what you feel like is going to work and then just take it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'm now taking on six women who want five to ten kilos gone actually find their confidence again. So I would break these up. I'm now taking on six women who want five to ten kilos gone and then like break it up.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, so it's more direct.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll help you. Again, this is a very off the top of my head, but I'll help you transform into the strongest, sexiest, most confident version of yourself in just 12 weeks. You mean? If you're ready to finally see...
Imogen Harris: It's wild to me.
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
Imogen Harris: The fact you just do it on the  top of your head is wild to me, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a little hot. If you're ready to finally see results that last, DM me ready, and I'll walk you through it.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, I think breaking it up is so much easier to  read as well, so it's not just like in one chunk.
Kyle Musca: One thing I'm probably going to shift here as well is being more direct on the ask.
Imogen Harris: So it's like, I'll walk you through it isn't bad by any means, but when people are ready to buy, they want to buy now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know I mean? So it's like, if you're ready to finally see results that last, DM me ready, and let's get started.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or DM me ready now. I like You know I It could be something as simple as that. A really good example of this is, it kind of sounds like, you know, I'll walk you through it and stuff. Again, it's not bad, but I'll learn more and stuff. sounds like, yeah, it sounds like cool, yes, maybe. Like, again, anyway, further on, let's just pass that. If you watch like a Mr. Beast video, right? He's not like, you know, go buy Mr. Feastables when you're in Walmart next. It's like, go buy Feastables right now.
Imogen Harris: Hmm. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And he's like one of the best markers in the world.
Imogen Harris: it's like, if he's doing it, it's probably. Yeah. Cause even the girl that I was on the call with that signed up yesterday, she was like, once, obviously I said like, you know, six month package, whatever. She's like, well, at least it shows that you're only going to get people that are actually  serious and committed. And I was like, okay, that's, I like just like little words like that, that she said, kind of took away to try and like pop into the ads of like commitment, like all that kind of thing as well. Just so it's like, not going to get just anyone who's wanted to  around.
Kyle Musca: Do you record all your calls?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One thing you could even look at doing, and this is actually a really good idea, I have the transcript guide for it, is he could, is it on Fathom you record them?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So he could log into your Fathom, you could give him access or whatever, and he could go download the transcripts of all the calls you've ever had.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then put together all the problems, most common problems and things that people say and pattern recognition and everything like that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we could definitely do it. The only thing there is if you're recording a lot of mums and stuff like that, it's probably not going to solve our specific problem, but it's still probably useful that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah. That wouldn't actually be valid. Because, look, I can kind of pick up the common themes and words, but it'd be nice to have someone to kind of listen over it as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you could even send me a message on that right now, just say, can you send me the guide to do Fathom transcript things? Because, yeah. If we do that, we'll just run it through AI and say, like, I want the exact wording of what these girls are saying to me, like their problems, what they're looking to do.
Imogen Harris: Again, we'll prompt it better. Yeah, yeah. That's a really good idea. It will help kind of direct the ads a bit more.
Kyle Musca: So, again, meta's not going to like doing the side-by-sides.
Imogen Harris: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I've that, actually. On graphics.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, a couple other things with these as well is we haven't done one of these before, but I think it would be a really good idea. To do a three-step plan.
Imogen Harris: So, yes, perfect.
Kyle Musca: This is exactly what I want. So, this is like a, this is a qualifier. It's a positive or a negative qualifier. This is not for you if you, this is a negative qualifier, obviously, constantly, which is good. I think we should keep this. I haven't read this one yet, but like, don't change, like, keep the positive and negative. But change. Create one where it's a, like, it can be a three to six step plan, but I probably wouldn't do anything more than four because what happens is people that are sitting on the fence, you know, they're usually sitting on the fence because they feel like it will be too much effort to get started. And I'm sure you're probably, you know, guilty of this. I know I'm definitely guilty of this. It's like, oh, I know I need to do something, but I just can't be  doing it right now. It's going to be too much effort. You know what mean? Like, and you push it off, right? Now, reason for that is because you feel like it's going to be a lot of effort to just spend the time to get it done. So if we say it's an easy, simple three-step plan that they could see on how to actually get started and they can see how simple it is, they'll be like, oh, sweet. So it's like, for example, you know what I mean? Like step one, send me a message. Send me a message and we'll have a chat about where you're at and where you want to be. Step two, I'll build your plan over the next couple of months. I'll build your plan over the next couple of months to get you better results than you ever thought possible or better results faster than ever thought possible. Something like that again. Step three, I'll guide you through the entire process and make adjustments based off your responses. See how we've just condensed an entire  six-month program into a simple three-step plan.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? If you're ready to find yourself again, have a new level of confidence, yeah, perfect. Right?
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's good. I like that. DM me ready and we'll see if we're a good fit. DM me ready and let's get to work.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, I need. Yeah, I reckon I'll change that and let's get to work or let's get started. I think that just raises more urgency.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Plus a little bit more motivating, you know what mean? Like, let's get to work, yeah. Yeah.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. The other thing that I would encourage you to keep in mind when you're writing these, again, you don't have to do them, especially for this one.
Imogen Harris: So two things, actually. One is create fear.
Kyle Musca: So. create fear. We don't want to overdo fear, which is unlikely, and more people underdo fear than overdo fear, but we want about a moderate amount of fear. What that basically is, is let's go off the confidence thing, right? It's like the longer you sit in this rut, the harder it is to pull yourself out of. You'll miss experiences that you'll miss, you know, again, probably make this a bit more specific, but you'll miss experiences that you'll never be able to get back because you couldn't get out of your own head. Or something like that. Again, that's very off the top of my head, but like create fear.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Again, you'd have to reword these.
Imogen Harris: These are just ideas off the top of my head.
Kyle Musca: For example, like, you know, for a guy, for example, you know, imagine missing out on, you know, meeting your dream wife because you were too much of a fat retard at the time. You know, in like, I'd reword it, obviously, better, but that type of topic.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah, no, I love it. Yeah, cool, because even when we're going over one of the dude's calls in Bree's call the other day, it's like, just the way you word it and the way that you target responses and stuff like that will make a massive difference, which even what she was going through on Tuesday definitely helped go with that call that I had with the lady yesterday as well. Just being more attentive to the words that they're giving me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, words are very, very powerful, because people will say words that they don't even realize that they're saying. They'll give you a very big insight into what they're, one, yes, feeling, but like, even, so, a good example of this, right, is someone who says, like, I'm sick of, or I hate, or something like that. They're very pain point orientated, whereas someone who uses, like, I want, or, you know, I want, is very, like, dream outcome, goal focused.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, leverage that with their button and stuff as well, down the track in the conversation too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, yeah, genuinely listening to what they say, for sure. But if you're a woman, I'm looking for six women who want to lose six to 10 kilos and actually keep it off over the next 12 weeks. So what I would do here, you're attacking the yo-yo cycling here, which is a thing. One thing I would do here is like, this is fine, you can keep this one, but you might want to do another one of like, I'm looking for six women who want to lose six to 10 kilos, grow their glutes, and build a tone-defined body over the next 12 weeks. If that's the wording you use, obviously make it your own. They're so dumb that they prefer the word  tone, even though it kills me, but you've got to just lean into it, and then you change their beliefs afterwards, it's fine. Yeah, this is for you.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay. Be a little bit more specific. Would I, would I use...
Kyle Musca: I just like these. These are, these are definitely good.
Imogen Harris: I do like them. Like a lot is like relationship with food kind of . Like food noise, think is a massive one that comes up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a hundred percent.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: A hundred percent. So it's like, the other thing is, well, with these is in each one, we only want to solve one problem.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right. So it's like, this is great because it's just solving the problem of confidence.
Imogen Harris: That's... Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, we do a food relationship one.
Imogen Harris: Absolutely. Just...
Kyle Musca: This also gives us more creatives to work with as well, which is fantastic. And if you give too many, if you solve too many problems, you solve none of the problems.
Imogen Harris: You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. I think I would just be to like the physical or the mental and try and not combine all too much in one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah, I'm looking for six women who want to lose six to eight kilos over the next, six to 10 kilos, or whatever you say, five to 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks while repairing their relationship with food so they never, you could say so they never struggle with this, so you never struggle with your weight again. Or, again, think of the philosophical one, I'm looking for six women wanting to lose five to 10 kilos over the next 12 weeks and repair their relationship with food because you deserve, you deserve to feel like your most confident self without constantly second-guessing what you're eating or something like that.
Imogen Harris: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Without constantly feeling guilty about what you're eating. Yeah, that's perfect.
Imogen Harris: Yeah. Yeah, I love that. Yeah, cool. Yeah, I think I'm just going to  around with a heap of different ones and just target different  and then just send them all to you so you've got them and then we can kind of see what works and test it and try and get a different niche. Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: And then with that, actually, it'd be interesting to see, do you have any US followers?
Imogen Harris: Not really, to be honest, I don't think.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah. Yeah, perfect. Okay, cool. Everything we've spoken about is in here, which is fantastic.
Imogen Harris: Just go back into that. can read that when I'm making them as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then I'll try and get some new ad scripts and everything like that filmed. Sorry, written.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then we'll get them filmed and launched as well.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah. No, it's easy.
Kyle Musca: How many, was it just last week that was like a hit?
Imogen Harris: The week before that wasn't too bad, hey? No, the week before it was literally, I would argue from like last Wednesday, so like a week ago, to like, yeah, like this week has been a bit meh, but yeah, I was, yeah, I was speaking to Sage about it when, because he came to the show and he's like, I just feel like there's, it's just very much like this at the moment, like doesn't matter what you do or what you, so yeah, I just think there's going to be, as you said, weeks that are a bit  and just try and now we'll put that Indian thing in there. think it might help a little bit as well, but yeah, just to see what happens.
Kyle Musca: I'm hoping that it does bounce back now. Seems, again, there's good signs of life. Your account, which is fantastic. So we'll just see. Should know by next week. then again, if it does, definitely let me know if it's spending too much. My philosophy with it is just like, yeah, my philosophy with it is like, you're going to spend the money regardless. You're probably going to spend more money the slower you test. Because it's like, if we just test all three and we're just like, let's find the winner.
Imogen Harris: Let's just push that one versus let's just try one.
Kyle Musca: And then we push it for a week and then we're like, oh, let's give it a little bit more time.
Imogen Harris: And then like, that's not working. Let's try a second one. It's like, just, it's like  three times as long as probably spend 50%. And there's like, there's definitely like in general from the ads as well. Like there's more eyes on my page. Because I think when we started working to, I was like on 9,100 followers. Now it's on 10.1. So like it's gone up at least a thousand followers. And so even if it's not converting right now into clients, like there's clearly people following me and like, as long as I keep posting content and , like there's eyes growing. So it's not a bad thing at all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, no, definitely. And again, if you just keep posting good organic content, they could always come back and, you know.
Imogen Harris: Exactly, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do an alternate application. Perfect. Yeah, yeah, cool. How is Sages things going? Do you know?
Imogen Harris: I don't think good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I didn't think so. Because you can go to the library and check it out. And like, he's running ads for followers, which I think is a  stupid idea.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, because obviously Christian's like working under him and stuff like that. And I don't think in the last few weeks he's had many new clients start. So, which is clearly indicating in my head that he's not getting new leads coming through. So, but like, I'm, like, I'm getting his . Because I even sent it to him. I was like, I like, you're meant to be not reaching me. Like, I know obviously I'm a female, but like, I constantly watch your content. Like, it shouldn't really be following me. And then it also popped up on Christian's. And Christian's like, bro, I'm a dude. Like, why is this coming up on my feed? So, yeah, I don't know. What the  he's doing. But apparently he's working with, oh, I don't know who the  it was. He's worked with Emily King, I think, in the past.
Kyle Musca: Someone dude from America, he said. Right.
Imogen Harris: Yeah, but it's clearly not doing much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, because, well, Sage was with me and I got up for like 70 grand a month. And then he went to do Brian's thing and Brian's was like 75 grand for like six months or something. And I was like, mate, you're not going to get that back.
Imogen Harris: Like, no, when Christian told me, I was like, that's  dumb. Like, and yeah, I don't, because when Christian came on in the first couple of weeks, I don't think he was running ads. And then as soon as he started running ads, then the clients coming to Christian started slowing down. And I was like, I'm pretty sure that's not how it's meant to work. But yeah, so I didn't think it's going well.
Kyle Musca: He's running. It's so silly. He's spending money on ads, but he's running follower ads. And you can easily tell him, like, you're like, oh,  it up. Oh, well, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's silly because one, he's spending the money and he's. His following has grown, but his engagement has not, which is ...
Imogen Harris: It's something that I notice. I go through people's pages and look at what's done well and what's not now since we've obviously started as well.
Kyle Musca: And I looked at his and I was like, they really don't do that well. Well, what happens is because it brings in like unengaged followers. And then what happens is if you have a larger following with a really low engagement rate, Instagram just reads that as your content sucks. So it's like...
Imogen Harris: He's not getting a lot from what I can see anyway.
Kyle Musca: No. So, oh well.
Imogen Harris: Interesting.
Kyle Musca: I think as well, like, it's not to be rude at anyone, but like you can see him, what he did with you and then versus what he's not doing. And you're like, well, at least I know I'm good at my job. Yeah. I know.
Imogen Harris: Brian tried to claim he like got him to his 100K month when he like in the first month. I'm like,  off, mate. Yeah. , know. But yeah, I don't, from what I, I try not to sticky beak, but I try and listen to their conversations. I'm just intrigued.
Kyle Musca: And yeah, it doesn't sound like it's... it's, right there. Dylan's new, Crash Hop. Oh, anyway.
Imogen Harris: But yeah, thank you. I'll let you know how I go with dads and stuff like that, but I'll make a fuckload this weekend just to try and pump a heap of different ones out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect, perfect. Very quick on that as well before we wrap up, have you made much progress on the mastermind at all?
Imogen Harris: Look, this week I haven't. I'm going to be fully  honest with you after the weekend that was, but I'll get back. I'm doing nothing but work this weekend, so I'll get started on that one again.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. And again, with that, just very quickly, just aim for the avatar we just spoke about.
Imogen Harris: Already, you know, putting in the work, just not getting the results, et cetera, et cetera, et I need to change it a little bit so it's now suited to that focus.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah. Awesome. All right, enjoy your weekend. I'll be chatting to you soon. Thanks, bye. Bye.


>>> 202/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2026-05-08T06:00:37Z | id:144676520
People: Kyle Musca

Michael Cui: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Brooke, how you going?
Michael Cui: Yeah, not too bad, bro, are you?
Kyle Musca: It's not too bad. How's things?
Michael Cui: Yeah, it's all right. We're coming out the other end, but I was  cooked, bro, this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, the sickness.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: What would you have again?
Michael Cui: Like, I don't know. It's like some hay fever, like, allergy thing. Mum and I get it, like, kind of as soon as the temperatures start changing.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Michael Cui: But, yeah, it probably  me up.
Kyle Musca: It's not like it. How's things over there? it colder there at the moment?
Michael Cui: Yeah, like, kind of, like, temps probably this past week kind of just started. Dropping a bit. For a while, it was like  sweet. It was like it was spring. But yeah, like at the moment, it's like 20 degrees, so it's not like too bad. But this morning, it was like  seven or some .
Kyle Musca: Oh, really?
Michael Cui: .
Kyle Musca: Cool, mate. All right, well, I'm glad you're feeling better. We'll dive into things, bro. It was probably a pretty low week. I'm just going through a check and fall now. Pretty low intensity week.
Michael Cui: Yeah, bro. Honestly, like if I'm being so thrilled, not much  happened, mate. Like I kind of just ensured that I was still doing check-ins, obviously, for like existing clients and making sure like service didn't really dip on that side of things and just kind of just put everything else on the back burner for the week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, when you're sick, mean, that's all we can kind of really do.
Michael Cui: You got a call booked in this afternoon, man. Where did that come from? Um, that's just a mate. Like I... I I don't, he, I like, liked one of his stories or some  of him, like, moving to, like,  Thailand or something. I, like, messaged him off the back of that and then he was like, oh, yeah, bro, like, how I was, like, coaching and everything going on. was like, yeah, bro, it's been, like,  sweet. And then he was like, I'd actually be keen to tee up a chat, man. Like, I'd need a bit of structure with, like, my training and nutrition. And then I was like, yeah, bro, got a bit of time this arvo if you're free. And he was like, yeah, like, let's do this time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Sick. He moves to Thailand. Is he doing pretty well? What's he do?
Michael Cui: He's, like, doing, like, some remote sales thing.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. He's got the cash for him. Might or might not. Cool, bro. Okay. Okay. Is there anything you feel like you're specifically struggling with this week?
Michael Cui: Well, like, I haven't really actioned much, if anything, of what we spoke about last week, this week. Plan is obviously... To get back on top of it this week, I think like one of the bigger, more like realizations of mine is just that like if I had like banked videos almost or like some sort of like bank on videos, like obviously would have been a bit more prepared for like a week like this and wouldn't have to like worried about it as much and still would have had some sort of consistent like content going out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Michael Cui: But yeah, I think like at the moment, probably like this next couple of weeks, I would like to probably rehash over like what you were talking about a few weeks back about like running a challenge and everything like that. Probably something I'll look into doing like next month or the one after.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So a challenge is a good idea because it adds a lot of scarcity and urgency, which is what people sort of take action on. The biggest thing for you is you're going to have to run it like 100% organically. So a key concept of a challenge is that there's always a prize pool. You know what mean? For you, I mean, like, it depends what you can piece together. There's obviously coaching extensions and stuff that you can put in there, which do add, like, up quite a lot. So it's like, theoretically, if the top three people, top three winners or whatever, all win an extra three months of coaching, that's, you know, $4,500 worth of prizes right there.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? If you can get, yeah, maybe elite supplements. don't know if that'd give you some  to use, but, you know, that's maybe $500 or $250 or something like that. I mean, a challenge is pretty simple and straightforward, man. You just have to promote the  out of it for like a, like two or three week period that you run it for. All right. So it's like every single day, there should be something on your story in every single one of your posts, instead of doing the CTA about the, like just coaching, it should be about the challenge. Um, you should do a carousel about it, yada, yada, yada. Um, it's, I like them because they're essentially exactly the same as coaching. Like normal coaching offers, you just give it a nice fancy gift wrap and call it a challenge.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing that works really, really well with the challenges is you run like an internal version for the people that are already on the team, right? And essentially what I would do there is I would just get them, all the people inside your coaching team, give them, and you have to try and word it, you know, in a certain way. It might be like you might come from an accountability angle, but essentially they just have to promote the  out of you on socials.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, it just gives people harsher deadlines is what I would say that challenge works. Because it's like, you still want people to promote the  out of you on socials, but it's like, okay, well, now you have to promote the  out of me over the next month or three months. You know what mean? Yeah. But other than that, it's like pretty simple and straightforward. I wouldn't overcome. complicated challenge. It's just having a set end date. then what you might do is you might want to open it up for like maybe two or three days after. It's like, you know, so for example, like May 10th, the door's closed. Once that's, once spots are gone, they're gone. And then like May 11th, you're like, I had so many people saying that they were wanting to sign up and they were just waiting for payday. So I'm going to open, I'm going to open up four more spots for the next 24 hours only, the next two days only, whatever the  you say. Um, this is your last chance to take action. Well, this is your last chance to join.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, I do have this challenge document. So it's essentially this, and pretty much, you'll do the organic, and you'd also do internal referrals, client upsells.
Michael Cui: You could do that, I guess. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, so you could go, let me send this to you first. So yeah, one is obviously organic. It's pretty simple and straightforward. It shows you sort of how to lay it out in terms of, like, leading up to it. But for the internal, so this is a great idea. Like, you could go to every single one of your clients and be like, hey, I'm launching, you know, this challenge. I'm going to also run an internal, you know, you're going to have the chat to them. I'll have an internal one so they don't feel left out. But like, can you, I really want to try and get the word out there for this. Would you be able to give me like three of your mates that, like, like, um... Potentially three of your mates that may potentially be interested in this, and I'll just shoot them a quick info pack about it or something. Similar to what you said, what we spoke about last week that you said, or the week before that, where it's like, ask a mate to send them a new guide or some .
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? The other thing that I would also add into that that I don't think is in that is use it as a reason to reach out to past clients and expired clients.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Just like, hey, bro, how you going? How's things been since we last spoke? Oh, awesome, man. Just re-engage conversation first. Like, man, I'm running a, you know, how's, trying, ideally you're trying to, you know, uncover a struggle that they've had. Like, oh, man, things have gone pretty . I've fallen off, yada, yada, yada, yada. That's like ideally what you want. You kind of don't want to say things are going great. And it's like, oh, that sucks to hear, man. I guess, yeah, that sucks to hear. And then you just like. Transition into, I'm actually running, you know, I'm about to launch this new, you know, Summer Shred Challenge, for example. It's not summer, so you wouldn't run that. But, yeah, I'm just about to run Name of Challenge. Might be the perfect time to get back into things. Would you be keen on, you know, would you be potentially keen on it?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any other stuff?
Michael Cui: Nah, it's still, I think, it's like pretty similar to like how I did the last one, like a year and a bit ago now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome. Now, you've got about 23 clients, is it?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How happy are those clients, would you say? Pretty happy with the program?
Michael Cui: Yeah, there's definitely like a, there's definitely like a mix in there, but I'd say most people are quite happy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would do for you. As well, is to get, like, testimonials. These are going to be really important. These actually turned out way better than I thought. kind of felt like I flopped them a little bit. But treat as a client success call, right? And identify who your, like, raving fans are. You know, who are the people that are, like, really  stoked, really happy with things. And then jump on a Zoom call with them, something you can record. And then basically, either you can, probably you can, or definitely an editor or something like that. And just get the best, like, you know, maybe 15 to 30 seconds of what they said, like the highlights of what they said, and just put it into a testimonial video. And then you can, like, if you've got 23 clients, and theoretically, let's say you get 15 of them, because again, you're jumping on the call with them, and you're asking like loaded questions to get the testimonial out of them. It's like, you've got 15 weeks of where you could just put up new transfer social proof everywhere.
Michael Cui: you know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for example, and again, keep in mind when I did this call, I felt like I didn't get the information I wanted out of him. I didn't feel like it went that well, but I'm very happy with how it turned out, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's so  huge, man. Like imagine how many dudes out there that would, you know, kill to get compliments from their friends and family because that's a status thing, right? Status is a really big driver of, you know, what people want. Again, people don't go buy a Ferrari because they want to get  point A to B, right? They do a Toyota Corolla. They want other people to look at them like they're better than them. You know what I mean? Also like how many dudes, especially how many dudes out there would kill just. to make their ex jealous.
Michael Cui: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: So that's huge. And I, at the time, I was like, when I did this call, was like, oh, no, that was kind of . Yeah. But after seeing this, I only got these back, like, yesterday or something like that. But I was like, , I'm going to do, like, as many of these as I can.
Michael Cui: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: All right. Yeah, man. Like, thinking about how, I guess, like, one of those is good. Like, you know, if I was, if, If you were potentially interested in coaching and you saw a video like that, one video would be like, , like, that's sick. But imagine if you saw four or five or six other dudes all saying the exact same thing.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or like their own version of how the program and how you help them change their life.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Like, it's like, okay, I'm going to treat this guy  seriously.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on that?
Michael Cui: Do you have, like, a specific set of questions you kind of ask or?
Kyle Musca: Anytime I jump on with these, because, again, I was just, like,  around with it, just seeing how they came up. I just, I literally, like, I remember I was rushed. I think I was, like, kind of on the call because I was busy with other . And I was just wanting to chat GPT. was like, I want to  ask this client, like, loaded questions about his wins and stuff.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just go to Claude and, like, , you know, explain to it what you're trying to do. Like, I want you to give me a list of loaded questions. Again, they're pretty simple and straightforward, you know? Like, what do feel like has been the biggest win since joining the program? What have been the biggest differences you've sort of felt either physically or mentally since when you started compared to where you're at now?
Michael Cui: Yeah, okay, cool, cool, cool, cool.
Kyle Musca: Because there's that one, there's this one, which is, again, they'll all give you completely different answers as well, which is the best thing. So it's like, is this the short version? No, I got this one. Oh, yeah. It's been good, so, you know, that's what I want. Just saying, I mean, feeling good, I'll be where I'm at, I'm talking, and everything, my weight that I was pushing was as heavy, if not heavier in some, than back in October, November, when I started, and I was 9 kilos heavier. And at the same time, my cardiovascular fitness is now, doing, you 5Ks in sub-5-minute pace. So that would be a lot of weight along the way, looking a lot leaner, and then my strength is maintained and improved in some aspects. So now I'm definitely a lot stronger than I was. I mean, that's  huge.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you saw that, you'd be like, oh, . You know what mean? Yeah. So that was a performance one. So, again, see how these, these will also, um, really Relate to different people in different ways. So the first guy was very much about confidence and he's like making his ex-girlfriend and compliments from friends and families. That's going to resonate highly with, I guess, a status-driven guy.
Michael Cui: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Or someone who wants to make their ex jealous. Whereas Drew's one there is going to resonate heavily with probably more logistical guys who are really just trying to optimize their performance.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then you've got Callum's one. That's the last one I'll show you. I feel like a million bucks though. It was good, Just having the group there and having Kyle messaging me all the time and getting on a call once a week and stuff like that. It's just nice to have some accountability and want someone there to sort of guide me. And he helped me out heaps, man. I can't think he's enough, really. What you think he's going struggle with the most? What do you think going to into the program? Coping mechanisms, man. My biggest coping mechanism. I'll probably cut that out. One-on-one call. drive before me. You don't want to have that call with Kyle and then he's like angry or disappointed. At least I'm going to have somebody there to tell me where I'm going wrong and stuff like that. I just feel so much better in life in general. There's so many other aspects in my life that I don't into now. I'm just getting more motivated and stuff to do other things now as well. So you've been three months now, but , it's like change. Stramatically, like, literally everything can change so much in a short period of time. So, like I said, it's been  sick seeing you come. You know what mean? This is going to resonate with dudes that are probably, like, more on the mental side of things. Maybe they've, like, got bad mental health or they need accountability a lot more because that's the things he spoke about, right? The other thing with these men is these work really, really well because subconsciously, dudes that are like, you know, Callum here or Drew or Jared, you know, like physically, like visually, right? They'll subconsciously see that and be like, oh, that guy's like me. You know what I mean? These guys aren't , you know, bodybuilders. These guys aren't  gym junkies and  like that. These are regular dudes, which is who my population is, right? My clientele is. So, it's like they'll relate to not only what they're saying but the person themselves.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: These are really, really big. I'd really strongly encourage you to do this because there's no higher form of... Of social proof than a video social proof of someone actually saying their experience on the program like this degree. Plus, you can always chuck the visual transformation on like this as well.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, it does. And is this, did you just like record it on Zoom?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, literally just all I did. And I was like, again, I thought they were just going to come up . I didn't even like, I did these a few weeks ago and I was like, they just came up . So I didn't really prioritize them at all, but I was like, oh, mate, it got them back to me. And then I was like, oh, , they actually come up pretty sick. Just cut them down.
Michael Cui: Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Cool. The other thing I wanted to chat to you about is like content because, yeah. So how do you feel? I mean, you haven't really posted this week, have you?
Michael Cui: Yeah, no, not really.
Kyle Musca: Okay, he's picked up quite a bit, eh?
Michael Cui: Yeah, like I've got like videos in my, that I've like saved and sent to myself to react to, but like when I tried to do it the other day, I just sounded  up and I was like, oh, should I just do this another day?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I honestly reckon, man, like you just need to look at what the big accounts are doing in terms of, you know, who's successfully growing their account and without a doubt, it is the reaction videos, you know what mean? Without a doubt, like if you come in and look at, Brian Mark's a great example. Yeah, Brian Mark?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, not Brian Mark. That was the wrong one. Mark Carroll.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Brian Mark, great example. All he does is reaction-style videos, right?
Michael Cui: Uh-huh.
Kyle Musca: For the most part. Reaction and carousels.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But you can even see his carousels don't do anywhere near as good as his reaction-style ones, right? 2000, I think that was a  reaction I looked at the other day. Um, reaction, reaction to his wife. Now, the reason reaction videos do, sorry, they don't have to be specifically a reaction video. I should, I should rephrase that. There just needs to be a visual component on it, right? There's always a visual component with the reactions, which is why they do well. Now, in saying that as well, I think we might have spoken about this last week. I'm not sure if we did. Um, what you can... You do something that Goob does well. I don't even follow Goob. Is you can get a screenshot of something and talk on that thing. So that's also a visual component. Series updates on Jeffrey Mack, the guy I covered on my page the other day, because he went out on a limb and defended his  friend who admitted to purchasing and jerking off to child . Here's that post Jeffrey made the other day. Here's Carl Mason, the guy who bought child . You know what mean? So it's obviously also very, very controversial, but he's very good at this because he, he doesn't actually react to things, but there's, he's always, the other thing here on this as well. He just did it. You always have to direct their attention to something straight away. So for example, it's actually a great, great example. Um, oh, he even did it. Ready? But there's this one, which did , right? Did not do very good at all compared to his following. But it's still a visual component, right? But you'll notice it's a big difference here. The timer is just around the corner, gentlemen, and that means that it is our duty to get lean. I've scrolled. Because, yes, there's a visual component into it. It has nothing compared to, like, he's, I understand where he's going to go with it, but he's not keeping people engaged because it's just in the background while he's talking. Whereas, as you'll see with Goob's video here. Guys, we got someone really serious out there. Did you guys see this? May 6th, Instagram purged. You guys see this? Directly, automatically, now you have to go there and read it.
Michael Cui: You're engaged.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Guys, got some really serious updates on Jeffrey Mack, the guy.
Michael Cui: So even that, he did his little head thing, which makes you look up. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So you get a rather interesting update to my video yesterday. I covered something. Does that make sense? The other thing with what he's doing really, really well here, and obviously it's going to be a little bit difficult for your style of content comparatively, is he's telling a story in a way with these. This is what Runvist also did really well to grow his account, is because people keep wanting to get updated on this topic of this guy watching child  or whatever the  it's about. So they follow along. You know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like literally click the button to follow along. I can't skip, but I wouldn't be surprised if he says at the end of the video, if you want more updates on this, follow along. You know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Even notice the difference between these, even this video, right? Is rather interesting updates. It's like, yes, there's a visual component and everything like that. But when he actually says, did you guys see? Points to it. It's twice as much engagement.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Well, I finally got an update in response from Airbnb about... So Goob's really, really good at doing like series on certain topics.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So it's basically bitching and playing, but it's interesting. Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, it does. Now you can do the green screens, but someone who I think is a really, really, really great example for what I could envision your content evolving to be like is Sean. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you know Sean?
Michael Cui: You'd know Sean. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But again, again, all his videos are reaction videos.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: For the most part. Sure. And he does. Again, you already do this style. Videos, and they do do well for you, but this is, like, again, another thing. But you'll see reaction, reaction, reaction, reaction, reaction, reaction, probably a trend in sound. Yeah, right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Reaction, you know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, you just have to go look at what works in the moment. What works in the moment is undoubtedly, one, reactions, but some kind of visual component on the screen at the very start of the video.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Even if you look at, and it's not even, it's not niche-specific either. Even if you look at, like, this guy, for example, I don't know, do you know who this guy is?
Michael Cui: Yes, I do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, right? He's niche's political , but every single video is. What a time to be Australian. First, we have these individuals allowed back to Australia. To add insult to injury, we have four. You You Witnesses. Visual. There's always something on screen to look at.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'm a cane, the done of the game. Watch this. No ... Even that's a visual. I'm a cane, the done of game. Watch this. 4.3. And then a video, which is more visual. Does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, like none of these guys are making jokes. Yes, the ones we've spoken about, there's that viral content about it. But again, which can be good for growth. Again, Sean's a good example of that because sometimes he does make a bit of a joke about it, but he always ties it into, like, the educational side of things. So it's like this one, for example. My son, girl, with a limp wrist. I'm not sure if you've seen this video. I'm not going to play it. But all he does is just look up at the camera slowly and be like, no. Yeah, right. It's all he does. You know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, but you can see his algorithm is all about these types of videos. It's like, you just need to get into... His algorithm, which I'm not sure how you'd specifically do that, besides maybe going and following him, liking a lot of . So hopefully it starts showing you more of his  and then you say you're interested in that type of . So it shows you more of that , if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like if I was you, I would just like really heavily focus on sitting down and figuring out how can I get these types of videos in my feed?
Michael Cui: Yeah. As in like the, like the original, like the original video that he did. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, you come over to this guy who I could also see you doing like something relatively similar to. Reaction. His, his views have dropped off like pretty significantly compared to what they once were, but I mean, he's still getting good, good views.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they seem to have picked up a little bit, but yeah. $50,000 on a brand new coaching.
Michael Cui: Yeah, all reactions.
Kyle Musca: Technically, even if you look at someone like Alex Gamble's account, right? And this is just to say it doesn't always necessarily have to be a reaction or something like a video, like an actual picture on screen. There's always a visual component at the start of his videos. That was a visual component. Visual component. You look at it straight away. That was a transformation. Obviously, he's getting a lot of social proof in there, which is great. But even with this, like he's constantly doing something while he's talking. One of the biggest fat loss mistakes I see is trying to
Michael Cui: It your schedule fit into your diet. If you don't get paid to eat and train, then you're- I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I don't if you want to do the style of content, but just to prove the fact that there always has to be a visual component.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. And then if we come in, does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Any questions that I answer?
Michael Cui: Nah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. The other thing is, yeah, again, we've spoken about this, but like, I'd really love you to get into- It's I Thank Thank Consume content, because it doesn't sound like you go on Instagram much to really look at .
Michael Cui: Yeah, not really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. See, that's a big problem because now you're in a gap. You can't see what's currently up-to-date and relevant. I  hate going on my phone too, to be honest, but I obviously do a lot of these calls, so it helps. But the issue there is if you're not analyzing and spending the time to seeing what's working, it's like you're just left in the dark.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? like, as you can see here, like, this is one, even Torrin, it was on the list, but even Torrin, it's growing to count to 774,000 followers because every single one of his videos has a visual component at the start.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Uh-huh.
Kyle Musca: So it's like one, two, three. it's three. Four, five, six, seven, eight people of really great accounts with very healthy engagement, all doing the exact same style of content or same concept of content.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, like, and the biggest issue, like, I know I've asked you this before, but like, who do you look at besides your coach that does really good content?
Michael Cui: I actually do look at, like, Sean's stuff, and, um, , what's that, what's that, like, big  British guy's name, I forget, um, and I have it written down somewhere. Um, I think his name's, it might be Sean too, unless I'm like proper tweaking.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but even you can see that, not very great engagement. Even his account, I do actually really like his account content, but you can see even his account has probably, it's taken a dip to where it once was.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Especially with his following and everything like that, low engagement rates.
Michael Cui: Mm.
Kyle Musca: Um. The only thing I'd really take away from it, but again, even this one is a clear, clear outlier, not as a visual component.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or just look like an absolute problem. Obviously, we can't all be 105 kilos and claim natural as well.
Michael Cui: That's, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But like for you, I would just go put together a list of, actually, you know what you could do potentially? haven't even tried to do this. But to finish my loop there, for you, I think it's very, very important that you spend the time to consume content, but in the, in the, from the. The perspective of a producer. Yeah. Like it's just market research at that point.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I can't. Yeah. I'm doing it on my laptop. So let's see on my phone here. Yeah. Okay. So if you go onto your phone, right, and you go to, let's say, Paul's, sorry, let's go to Sean, nail one, that guy's account, not the Irish. And then see how there's a, let me know when you're there.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, see how you've got follow message and then there's that little plus thing next to that little click on that. And then I will show up, suggest that it counts for you.
Michael Cui: Ah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? And then that's how you can potentially even find other people. I'm going through it now. Not heaps of people with similar content, to be honest with you. But, oh, yeah, even this guy. mean, he's done, yeah. I'm just going through it now to see if it's actually  worth it.
Michael Cui: There's some guys, definitely. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I just think the biggest thing with yours is, like, it doesn't seem, have you spent the time trying to really get into that? That, like, kind of getting into the content that Sean's feed would show?
Michael Cui: Yeah, like, with the, like, where you just engage and then tap the I'm interested thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's like, for the ones you're reacting to, though, just don't seem to be aligned with that, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which is fair, because I don't get those  content pieces at all. Otherwise, I would react to them.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So something you might want to even try, like, again, try and, have you gone into your reels and, like, clicked on the, um, when you go into your reels algorithm thing?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's not. And then I added something like optimal training.
Michael Cui: Have you played around with that? Oh, yeah. I think we spoke about this last week. haven't gone through that yet, but I will.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I added optimal training. I haven't actually looked at it yet. Yeah, so, I mean, that's actually working well.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: This is the second video I've put done. So optimal training seems like a good idea. you get tired of running, isn't the problem. It's... Even then, it's just a bunch of reaction videos. You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which is a good thing, because it means if you can get into reacting to those videos, you'll get put... Sorry, finish that look. You'll get put into the algorithm of optimal training. Right? Now, the other thing I noticed the other day... It's not a cheat. Yesterday, actually, because I went to add it, is at the bottom of them, you'll see three suggested ones as well, which is how I actually added optimal training. I don't know if you can see that, but like at the bottom there?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like it probably has some suggested ones for you.
Michael Cui: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know, there's nutrition there, which is actually probably a good one. Yeah. So, because it's like, if you can just crack that code and get into that algorithm, then, like, you will have endless amount of content to do.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So then there's, Mark Carroll's feed's actually really good for it as well. He seems to find, I haven't watched his content recently, but back when I kind of watched it, there was a lot.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? The other thing as well is, like, it doesn't, I've kind of already spoken about this, but, like, anywhere in the video, so it's like, let's say you referenced a study, for example. Don't just reference the study, take a screenshot of the study title. Oh, another person, actually, on this as well. It's TNF. I'm sure you know who TNF is. Like, he, his algorithm is  goaded for it.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, you can see all his content is predominantly just reaction. There are definitely ones where he's kind of like Higher Up Wellness, where it's like he's just so known in the space that it's like he could create any video and it'll probably do well.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, see, they're very good made together. A lot of his videos are, again, reaction-style videos.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So to me, it's just like undoubtable that this is just the trajectory of Instagram and where things are heading. And if I was you, I would put all my baskets, eggs into that basket, as well as the content that you're already doing in terms of the physique ones that are working. Yeah. like these ones are great. I mean, you're showing off your physique, it's carousel, life update one, which is fantastic. So they're great, I'll keep them in there.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What's your clicks on this? What is, how many people have viewed your form versus, and you can see how far they get through it, Yes. Pull that up.
Michael Cui: Cool. So last seven days, yeah, last seven days was 12 people.
Kyle Musca: You can see where they dropped off?
Michael Cui: Yes. 82%. Wait, what the ? Oh, 50% drop off in question one. And then drop off in phone number question.
Kyle Musca: So the phone number question, not the submit question?
Michael Cui: Yeah, the phone number.
Kyle Musca: You don't ask for their email?
Michael Cui: No. I always thought, I don't know if like when you... When you go through it, when you enter your phone number and you press next, like you have to press submit at the end of that as well, hey?
Kyle Musca: Like it won't come through until you press submit on the next page too. Yeah.
Michael Cui: I don't know how to get rid of that .
Kyle Musca: Using Tally. Is there a reason you use Tally?
Michael Cui: Not specifically, no. Oh, like the only reason initially was like, because this was like way back when I did a bit of work with Cade. And he was just saying that Tally showed him like partial responses, but I feel like that doesn't inherently help me as much because if they like didn't  submit it, I can't message them off the back of that. But no. No like specific reason as to why I use it.
Kyle Musca: It's interesting that they're dropping off a phone number a lot. I assume that's because of contact detail. So you've only got three options there.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I reckon try, because you're getting  heaps of drop-off anyway, try something like this. So there's two options you could do. You could just do full name, email, phone number, and then ask, like, phone number, what's the best phone number to contact you on.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? That way people might not think, like, they're going to get, because people don't like giving out their personal information because they don't want to get  spammed with marketing , right?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you could just remove this completely. Country-age current job situation. I'd probably have that to some degree anyway because it's like you might put occupation, for example. The other option you could do is chuck name, email, and phone at the very end of the form and add some – I mean, you could even do something similar to what I have in ManyChat where you just do goal, struggle, occupation, and then you could probably do name, email, phone. And the idea for that is because, like, if they've made the investment to get all the way through to the email and phone part, then they feel like they've already kind of done work, so they might as well just submit it, if that makes sense.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So – I would probably do that if I was you, to be honest. I'd be like, what's your current goal? Which you kind of have. But even then, you're getting a 50% drop-off. Well, to be fair, that 50% drop-off would be people to be clicking the link just to see what it's about.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we'll just  them off and ignore them. So yeah, goal, which is what you have. What do you feel like you're struggling with at the moment? Nutrition, training, knowledge. Or you could add together, like nutrition slash training, because they're kind of similar. You could do knowledge, guidance, and then structure and accountability.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Right? And then you could do occupation. Occupation. So I wouldn't do like a dropdown. would say occupation. So you can actually, they can type it into the box or you could do dropdown. Either one is fine. As long as you gauge what they do for work.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You could even add age. It's probably adding a little bit much friction here at this point. So that's definitely not necessary. And then just name, email, phone number. Yeah. But when you ask for name, email, and phone number, I would ask, so a good example of this. Let ask you a question. Have you ever felt like you can't take a vacation without spending half your time on your laptop or delegating feels super risky? I just realized that I don't even get the option to do the fill-out form anymore. I wonder if he's noticed I've come here too often. But anyway, the point is when you ask the, it's not just like from memory anyway. I don't think it's just like, what's your phone number?
Michael Cui: It's like, what's the best phone number to contact you on? Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What's the best email to send info about coaching through to?
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, you justify the ask.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I definitely must have. I passed the thing. But yeah, does that make sense?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, it does actually.
Kyle Musca: So I'd probably change that around because if you're getting a 50% drop-off at a phone call, that's a bit of a red flag.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. And then I would gauge that over the next couple of weeks as well. Like I would check that, you know, if you're getting 12 a week, that's pretty decent volume for you to check it out. if you're still like getting  completion rates, one, you could always just switch it to phone, email, stuff first and get it out of the way, test that out. If it's still  not working, you might even want to change to DM application, right? Simply because maybe because you've got a younger demographic, they would prefer to keep conversations in Instagram rather than do an application form. Yeah. Potentially. Yeah. Yeah. Any questions on any of that?
Michael Cui: Nah. Nah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: The other thing you could also do, just off the top of my mind there, is re-engage. One, because you haven't had, like, how many all-time clients do you feel like you've had through coaching?
Michael Cui: I can check.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, how many expired clients?
Michael Cui: I've had, I'd say probably close to, like, 60.
Kyle Musca: It's not a cheat. Okay.
Michael Cui: 60, 70.
Kyle Musca: So let's say that...
Michael Cui: There's 40 to 50 expired clients, right?
Kyle Musca: One, that's pretty easy for you to keep conversations up with them.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You what mean? Like you should be contacting those guys at least probably once every, between once every one to three months realistically.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And what you could even do is like you message them on WhatsApp.
Michael Cui: Where do you message them? Just on Instagram.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So that's a little bit more difficult because I don't think you can broadcast this on Instagram. If you can, that'd be great. But anyway, make a note to reach out to every one of those guys every one to three months or girls because there's, you'd be surprised at how many people would be keen on rejoining coaching.
Michael Cui: You just haven't made the ask. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The second thing is it doesn't always have to, you don't always have to ask them like to rejoin. It could just be like a touch point to keep it, you know, keep in connection with them. But you could always ask for a referral from them as well. Like those people are still people that have been through the coaching. They understand that they trust it enough to refer it to other people. You know what I mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's like you don't just have the 23 that's in the team right now. You also have the, you know, 50-odd people that have expired.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have you done like a free seven-day thing recently?
Michael Cui: Not this past week, no.
Kyle Musca: No, no, but like within the last month or two?
Michael Cui: Definitely within the last like month or two, but not very recently, no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. I mean, you might even want to have, have you gotten clients from doing that?
Michael Cui: No.
Kyle Musca: But you've had people come through and take you up the offer for the free seven-day thing, yeah?
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: How many people have done that, roughly?
Michael Cui: I think like five or six.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What's the reason they usually don't want to continue on?
Michael Cui: Finances.
Kyle Musca: Are they usually young kids?
Michael Cui: Not like young, I'd say they'd probably fit pretty close, like what the average age is, like around 22-ish.
Kyle Musca: Like working and stuff though?
Michael Cui: Yeah, work and uni for the most part.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would avoid a lot of your clients in uni.
Michael Cui: A few.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, usually I avoid uni students because they're  broke-, but... Um, I mean, you'd probably have to sit down and word this properly, but like what you could do is basically run it, but then just like qualify them and be like, man, I'm getting, I've had about like 15 people apply for this. I'm only just, I can only do it for one person. Um, are you potentially keen on, you know, if things go well and you really enjoy it, are you potentially keen on, you know, um, looking at coaching afterwards and use it as a bit of a tripwire thing to get people into conversations?
Michael Cui: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then you don't waste your time doing it.
Michael Cui: You know, if they're not. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, and then they might be like, if they ask for price, just don't save price. Just be like, Oh, it really depends. Everything I do is custom built. Um, but. Like I have guys, you know, working part-time in uni and everything like that. So it's like, as long as you're serious about potentially looking into it, I'm sure we could come up with something.
Michael Cui: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then that way it's like quite sort of, it's quite sort of preface that it's like, if you do this, then again, it's a reciprocity thing. I'm going to give you this one spot. Again, you could give it to everyone that applies for it, but you decide to give that one spot. Yeah. Because you said that you're quite potentially keen on looking at getting coaching afterwards if you're interested.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Michael Cui: Yeah, for sure. No, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: The other thing, very, very quickly, I'm not a huge fan of outreach by any means there, but what you could do is like, again, this comes into being like a producer, like consuming content for a producer. It's just comments on a lot of people's . Yeah, I mean, like, because one. People might see your comment and come to your page from that. But if you can comment on a lot of people's stuff, then they'll, again, rule of reciprocity, they'll likely engage with your content a lot more.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, especially if it's like, again, I'm just not a fan of cold average because it's like there's a fine line of doing it genuinely and then also just look like a desperate . But, you know, ideally if you can, see, I was going to say like you could comment on like your clients, maybe followers stuff or whatever, but it's like, you know, I don't know if you want to be, it depends on what you want to do as well. But like, to me, I probably wouldn't do that because it's like, if you just go comment on some random dude's  thing out of the blue, they're going to like, what the ? I mean, but there are people that do do that. Doesn't work, probably not, but, you know, it's an option.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Anything else you want to touch base on at all, man?
Michael Cui: Nah, not really. I think, yeah, main thing is obviously just getting back into the swing of everything this week. Probably have a bit more to talk about next week when I've actually done some .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for sure. Cool, man. I would love to, yeah, even just go through those guys. I'll send you the recording and everything after this. But even go through those guys that I pulled up today, especially Sean.
Michael Cui: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Not the Irish, but Sean. And just, I would love to see you get some videos done similar to that.
Michael Cui: Yeah, yeah, easy as.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool, bro. If you have any issues, let me know. Otherwise, if you want me to review any of them, just read it through.
Michael Cui: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: We'll do. Awesome. Cheers, man. Cheers, man. Thank you. See ya. Bye.


>>> 203/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-08T06:49:29Z | id:92595740
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: It should be fun. This meeting is being recorded. Yeah, cool. So this, how many calls have you had taken, booked total?
jesesmith-shields: Five, these are probably numbers that I'm going to have to start getting to your honor. I did get your VA to show my VA the whole backends, but I honestly just haven't even had time to look at it just yet, if I'm honest with you. But I've been setting up the new coach and then been still in the middle of moving into a new house now. So I haven't been buying all the furniture and everything. So it's been a bit of a  round of a couple of days.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, as moving usually is. The main things are, like, we'll get into data tracking more. Like, your business is big enough that you kind of need to have a good overview of where things are at.
jesesmith-shields: Yep.
Kyle Musca: But also, you want it quite passive, so we'll get the VA to do that. It's not like you should be in the trenches trying to sort all that. But main ones you need to kind of look at are just, like, how many calls were actually booked across the team, how many closes. Did you get what was the close rate?
jesesmith-shields: How many new clients did you get, essentially? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then the other one is just like every time a client cancels or something like that, whether it be a failed payment or a cancellation, just record the cancellation and record the date and the lifetime value of them as well. Because that takes time to build ups and, you know, takes two seconds to when a client cancels. Cool. Ballpark, how many clients, sorry, calls, reckon, booked from the ads?
jesesmith-shields: From the ads, I'd say 10.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
jesesmith-shields: Ballpark.
Kyle Musca: How many calls booked total ballpark?
jesesmith-shields: Oh, . Comparing within last week as well was probably about 14. I just booked another one, so it's probably about 15 with some referrals.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so majority coming from ads then.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The ads are starting to click really well, actually. Yeah, beautiful. of You've On that as well, as time goes on, they'll optimize, especially with the cappy attached. Do you find that they do kind of pump at like most random times of the day? You'll find that they usually pump around peak time. So like I find it usually starts to kick off for me around 4 p.m. the afternoon through to the night because more people are on their phone. So I'd assume the algorithm just says like I'll start actually putting more spend on your ad. So yeah, and you'll have certain days as well. You'll probably notice bigger influx than others.
jesesmith-shields: My morning's most morning at the moment. My mornings are real active for some reason. From like 7.30 to about 10 o'clock.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so again, that's another period when people are usually on their phone. They're usually waking up,  doing school . And then again, it can be random because the algorithm will obviously pump some people's in the afternoon and pump other people's in the morning so it can spread budgets accordingly. And then the morning. Cool, all right. How many sort of closes have you gotten so far this week?
jesesmith-shields: We're looking at eight. Eight closes.
Kyle Musca: That's solid. So roughly 14 booked. So that's over 50%, which is good. Tommy came through with a new price on one of those, saw.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, he got two last week, and then we had a little bit of a stuff around within this most recent one. Just the way that Newey's obviously set up, I think he was used to doing how yours is set up with Stripe. So he was doing the deposit and then thinking that I could change the pricing on my end where I can't. So when they were doing the deposit, I always have to call them up straight away after their call and go, hey, welcome to the team, and pretty much just do a little bit of a spill and then have to pretty much resell them into the package, which we had two pretty much just... I straight away, and then we've had one girl, she's kind of pulled away now, but now I'm trying to downsell it a little bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so again, I asked Niall about it, just to clarify, they're looking at bringing an admin thing next year, like early next year, they said. But for now, again, what other coaches do, just give them login access so we can quickly make a reoccurring link. Because you can change, as long as it's reoccurring, you can change frequency and price, can't you?
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so as long as he can quickly create a reoccurring, or even just giving, yeah, as long as he can create the link and change the prices around them, it should be fine. That's one of the downfalls with Newey, is it's a little bit too, doesn't allow just normal  like that. Yeah, yeah, no. Have you given him login access to that yet?
jesesmith-shields: No, I haven't. I've created him a whole new more links, because I think he was just more comfortable with him pushing around some of the, Paid-in-full prices.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So he'll want to go for higher paid-in-fulls, higher cash deposits. Any good clothes is going to want to do that because it means they get more cash in their pocket. But one of the biggest things is always being able to take payment no matter what. So he just needs to be on the fly, take payment, and then you do not have to resell because that's another  huge hiccup.
jesesmith-shields: don't want to resell and you will lose clients from that. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right, cool. Sick. And then, yeah, yeah, those ads with Keanu came back good. I just asked Vaughn to add a little bit more like social proof, just pumping it through when she's talking about like the dream outcome type things. But other than that, they were pretty good. So hopefully it gets them back pretty soon.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, it was actually really good to work with, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, Vaughn's a G. So. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So. So... Beautiful. Coach, we'll cover Go High Level and we'll cover the coach. Which one would you prefer to dive into first?
jesesmith-shields: Probably the coach structure. I've pretty much put it across, got her on 1750. She showed me a demo that I had a client sign up yesterday. She did pretty much spot on within what we're trying to do and whatnot. So I'll go through the process this week of transferring over probably. Is there a number that you'd probably go over first? Obviously, I don't want to give it too many, like, straight out of the bat.
Kyle Musca: I'll just treat her at my clients. Like, if you've gotten eight new clients this week, like, then prefer to, you know, feed her. Depends how competent you feel. Like, eight's not crazy amount. Like, she should be pretty all right. And then it's like, just get reps in. And, yeah, she should be pretty fine with that, to be honest. Yeah. And then have the conversation with... Fair as well. Just be like, if you feel like you're getting too overwhelmed or it's, you know, going too quick, let me know. I'd rather you tell me that, then, you know, you get to the point where you are too overwhelmed and then performance starts to drop.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, no, that's fair. Yeah, I'll probably transfer over to about 20, 25 this week. Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, that's it.
Kyle Musca: As long as she's good with the system and everything like that, it takes a couple of check-ins and then she should be pretty good with it.
jesesmith-shields: Like, she should just be  pumped. Yeah, she worked with Fit by Ellie for a while.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, the Melbourne-based one. So, she was pretty confident within Gahunas and everything like that. Oh, yeah, she should be sweet then. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Are you just doing looms or are going to get her own calls as well?
jesesmith-shields: Just looms. We actually don't do calls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, that's where I would bring in the higher ticket package of 3,500 to do calls, essentially. ticket to Okay, Thank Thank Thank Cap it at. So just keep those in your back pocket. The other thing is, so make sure she knows that there's room for growth there as well.
jesesmith-shields: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And then the other thing is, like, any positive feedback you can give her, definitely, like, give her props for things. You know, employees are more incentivized for recognition than they are for money.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, 100%. Yeah, 100%. That should all be sweet. Yeah, she seems pretty sweet. I've had, yeah, we pretty much sat on the phone probably like an hour the other day chatting about her and whatnot. And she seems sweet. She seems keen to grow into the position as well, which is cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How are you, the 25 clients you are going to transition over, how are you, have you told the clients that yet?
jesesmith-shields: Or how are you going to Today is my last day of check-ins. So once I've finished this, I've pretty much started shortlisting people. And then I'm going to welcome her into our group chat tonight within all our clients. And then over the next coming days, I'll just shoot across a message personally to the clients that I am transferring over, and then have conversations with them if it's needed, but pretty much just tell them that Luca will be taking over in a nice way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So it's a girl, eh?
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, yeah. So she'll have a lot of it in place.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, how are your check-in structures at the moment?
jesesmith-shields: Are you doing Loom calls? Yeah, yeah, Loom calls.
Kyle Musca: You must be pretty flat out.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, okay. Yeah, the way I would sort of structure it is either you can kind of try and go for like a little bit of an upgrade.
jesesmith-shields: That's what I was thinking. Yeah. I'm seeing like a trial with Luca, and then if they don't like it, they could come back to me, but this would be an increase of their service in a sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, yes, that's a lot of like marching system type thing, you know what I mean? you. Thank Just to make sure that you're really well-supported at all times. She's extremely experienced. Or the other thing is you can kind of say as in like that, plus, hey, like I know you know, you know, how I like to work and the standard and everything like that and the attention to detail. And like I thought, you know, you'll see we're working 100% with me, but I thought you'd also be a great person to get feedback from to like, you know, let me know how her performance and everything is going to make sure that she is living up to the standard that we have.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, okay. That's a good way of putting that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because then they feel like they're doing you a little bit of a favor type of thing.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, no, that's fair. Yeah, no, that's a good way of putting it, actually.
Kyle Musca: And then you do the messaging in Kahunas?
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Can you do a broadcast in Kahunas?
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'd add anyone you transition over, I would just add, and then like maybe once a week or something, especially for the first couple of weeks, just shoot them a message. Did you be like, hey, how finding Luca? You know what mean?
jesesmith-shields: How's everything going? Oh, actually, you can't. Once you transfer them over to a different coach, you can't message them.
Kyle Musca: Ah, that's  weird and annoying.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, it's weird. So you can't actually message them or you can't even see your old messages with them either. So the chat option with that client is pretty much just dead.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. That's super  weird.
jesesmith-shields: But my clients are pretty vocal too. So I was thinking of putting the clients over with her that I know that would be pretty comfortable with her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The thing is, I would say, is you just don't want to cut off like a direct line to your clients. Like if they want to be able to message you, there should be something there for them to do. Can you create a group chat? You can create a group chat shortly in Coonis.
jesesmith-shields: Okay. No, I can't.
Kyle Musca: No? Okay. That's why I like using WhatsApp. It's just really versatile. So, I mean, you might even want to look at, like, potentially transitioning over there.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, more so for, like, any clients you give her or something. Up to you, really. But, yeah, that's kind of a  messaging system there. So, WhatsApp, you can create, like, broadcasts. So you could have, like, all her clients in one list and just send it all out at once, and it sends out individually, and then you can keep nice, like...
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, okay. Actually, I haven't had too much of a play around on WhatsApp for that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jesesmith-shields: So it's actually...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, again, what I do with my clients is every time someone signs up, I just create a group chat with me and the client just to make sure that they feel like it is a two-coaching system.
jesesmith-shields: Oh, yeah. So with your coach and the client?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
jesesmith-shields: So they never really message, but it just gives them, like, that open line to say, like, hey, you can message me if you want. Yeah. No, that's fair. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So... So...
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, that's a good idea. I want to add it to the do list.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, up to you.
jesesmith-shields: Might want to give it a little bit of time. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, okay. That seems to be going all good. 30, so  bringing in 30 applications for the coach application thing, that was pretty sick.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, no, it did well. There was a lot of duds, but yeah, there was about, there's probably maybe even like four other coaches. If it continued to grow, I would probably just get in contact with them again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would also save them on that topic as well, save them in the back pocket for that reason.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: And then, cool. Do you need any like more clarification around what to do with her at all?
jesesmith-shields: No, I'm pretty sweet. Pretty, no, I'm pretty sweet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. And then, yeah, just any new clients you get, I would probably just start feeding straight to her.
jesesmith-shields: Yep.
Kyle Musca: No putting new, taking on on more. Cool. And then again, once she's got it like a little bit, you know, fuller and everything, that's kind of when you can bring out the full, you know,  $5,000 package for six months and you'll be working with me, but, and then you maybe get her on to do like some kind of  distraction call or an attrition call or something like that. So it's still the same workload for you using your head three times more.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. We're not really, yeah, fully dependent on, yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And then like any adjustment or anything like that as well. You just kind of, you could even use her as like a ghost coach in that sense. Like, hey, I want this updated for this client. Go do that.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, no, she, she seems good. She seems good. I'm quite confident in what she can do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we'll chat about that when we cross that road. We'll just put it nice and full first. Got to bring that out when you've got like supplies starting to run out for her. Beautiful. Now in terms of go high level, what were you struggling with? With specifically there, just around the booking.
jesesmith-shields: Just the booking, the calumny, the booking, and then obviously running, do your forms go straight through, go high level?
Kyle Musca: No, what forms are talking about?
jesesmith-shields: Like your type forms? Like your, do you do type forms or you just do straight ads now?
Kyle Musca: I just do straight ads now. So to be fair, even if, even if someone was interested, like I would almost just remove the type form out of the bio and just say like DME coach, because if they're going to go fill out a type form, I'm sure they'll shoot you a message.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: Like you might, you know what I would do there? Maybe have a unique, unique trigger word for organic, because then you can come into like ManyChat, for example, and just duplicate what we have. But just have that one, so that way you can kind of like analyze who's actually coming from where.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's probably a good idea because, yeah, that was where it was, like, getting a little bit tricky because we still get plenty of typeforms for a sense for some reason.
Kyle Musca: Do you know where they're coming from?
jesesmith-shields: Well, I've got the typeform on my page, Kiana's page, and this page, and we're still probably getting maybe on average maybe 8 to 10 a week.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, I mean, you want to even, like... Yeah, I've got days or something.
jesesmith-shields: know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because you're of pointing it to different directions.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, plus, like, even when they do the typeform, then you're going to have to, like, reach out to them, and then you're going have to conversate with them. And I don't know how of that you were, but when I had a typeform, would do it maybe, like, once a week type thing. So it's, like, a whole couple of days at least. It's going to elapse by the time I reach out to them. Whereas if they just DM you, you've already got a climate in there. Yeah. You're in there, whatever, then you can just get straight back to them.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, no, that's fair. Yeah, I'll probably just do what said then, remove it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, and then just, again, just have it as a unique one, and then we'll just set up a thing in here, organic, you know, and it will only be just 90 days.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, that's sweet. I've done that within many chat as well, anyway. So I'll just delete the type form and just change it, change the wording.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. And, like, realistically, even if you wanted to cut Klamet out, you could even, like, mimic your type form. I don't know if I'd even do this, but it is just an option. It is, you know, what's your number one goal? You're hitting right now, type your answer here. I guess that's more of a unique answer, but you can set it up. What I'm trying to say is you could basically have the type form sitting in many chat as the same answers, and then, like, self-booking thing.
jesesmith-shields: But.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Like, again, like, you might as well just conversate with him at that point.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, no, that's fair. Yeah, I'll probably just cut that back then.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Now, in terms of go high level, were you struggling mainly around the calendar side of things?
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, just the calendar and, like, just, like, the sort of flows to it. I've got the VA working in there and doing bits and pieces, but even within that, it's a bit confusing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so in terms of how to actually book a call?
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you'll come into calendar settings, right? And then you've already built out the calendar?
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So let's say, where's the one I use, man? This one. So let's say it's this one, right? mean, you just need to make sure that... However, if you and Tommy want to be taking calls, make sure that they're both added to this, right? Yeah. And then just make sure that, like, obviously, you're probably going to want Tommy to take more calls than you. So just set Tommy as, like, high priority, for example, right? Yeah. And then meeting location as well. Super important. I like to color code it because then you can see where everyone's coming from, right?
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's pretty much in terms of – the setup in terms of the calendar is pretty similar to Calendly, to be honest. You're right with that side of things?
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. No, it's fine.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So then basically what you can do here is two different ways you can book a call, right? So one is, like, if you just have an open spot and someone's like, hey, yeah, I want to do this afternoon at whatever the time this is, 5.15, you can just kind click on it. And then you just need to choose that calendar. Okay. So if it was that. EMP Fishing Coaching, then that would come up. And then just search the contacts name. Now, have you linked Instagram to this?
jesesmith-shields: I've linked both Instagram pages to it, but for some reason when I search a client or a contact through someone that came through Kiana's ads, I can't find them in GoHighLevel.
Kyle Musca: So. In terms of like a booking or?
jesesmith-shields: When they send across their email and their number to like confirm the booking, and then I'll go to search, I try to search them up through the GoHighLevel, and I wouldn't come up with them.
Kyle Musca: You might only be able to maybe link one. And if that's the case, they'll probably just use Kiana's because a little more volume will come through that one.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Kiana. Thank you.
jesesmith-shields: She might be linked under a creator's page then.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, must be. Yeah, okay.
jesesmith-shields: Oh, no, she wouldn't be a business page. business page. Because you can't create ads through a creator's account. Can you?
Kyle Musca: I think you can, but I don't think that would matter because it says business or creator account. Not sure. There are no issues. Can you see her? Oh, actually, yeah, that doesn't really make sense. Because can you see her Instagram messages through Gallup?
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, some of them, not all of them. Only some of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so if we go. Yeah.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you've got that there set up like that?
jesesmith-shields: Mine looks different, but I'll have to check that if it's set up through that way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just go integrations and just make sure that Instagram messages come through, yeah, for sure.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, okay, yeah, no, I'll check that.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then in terms of booking, so yeah, you'd search their contacts, so let's go Brody, what the  his name is. He'd come up, cool. And then you can change it. And If you want to manually change it, and then just set the time zone, so if he's in Melbourne, let's come up. Sydney, let's say, cool, start time, you you want to book it for Friday at, let's just say 5.30, right? You can't change it, obviously. And then you would just book an appointment, and it would be blocked in there.
jesesmith-shields: Okay. Yeah, that looks simple.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you can do it by clicking, or you can just create a new one, and it'll be basically the exact same thing.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. You would just have to choose, obviously, manual time there. But other than that, it's pretty exact same.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, that's fair.
jesesmith-shields: And then... I'll apply around on it.
Kyle Musca: And then, you know, I like it over Calendly, because you can then see and filter by the users. Yeah. So you can see, like, where everyone's calls are booked and everything like that. If you've got a nice, clean data, you can just do that. And then untick them and tick them if you want to see. Who's got who?
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, so, you know, that probably looks a lot better than what Calendly does, doesn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I think Calendly makes a little bit of a pain in the  to figure out. Yeah, no, it does. Other team members booking. But yeah, that's pretty much it in terms of the booking side of things.
jesesmith-shields: Any questions on any of that? No, that looks pretty simple. I'll just have to spend a little bit more time playing around on it and setting it up a little bit, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just in Calendars tab there. Then in terms of the automation, they're not overly complicated to set up, but I would just, I've got a lady that will set them up for you. And then, like, you can basically set up exactly what I've got. Again, this looks a lot more complicated. I would recommend setting up. But basically what happens is, like, you know, they come in off the, I I deleted that calendar, but they come in off, you know, to add the actual calendar to trigger it, and then they just go through the workflow as normal. And this It's just the normal workflow that would kind of be in Calendly, for example, but it's just mapped out on a graph like this. Yeah. Can make it a lot simpler, but I've got the split here to say, like, you know, reply yes to confirm that you're good for it.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, no, that looks good. Yeah, I'll be on your list.
Kyle Musca: So, Shelley, the one I sent you through, just say, like, hey, can you add the same workflow as you did for me?
jesesmith-shields: And does that MSA text go through your go-high-level number?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, text that email.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. And then, if you ever did want to reword it, it's pretty easy. just come in and click on, let's say, the SMS, and literally just reword it however you want. And then just say save, and then save.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, okay. Sweet. Yeah, now that looks a lot better, doesn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, this is, like, not overly complicated, but I definitely... We wouldn't spend time doing, I think she set it up for like 20 bucks or something for me, so.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. That's right. I'll get that.
Kyle Musca: I'll get on to that. And then that's pretty much all I use it for. Like, yeah, the other thing is just like contacts if you need to, you know, filter and search by contacts. But that's, you know, obviously pretty easy. Like, you can just grab the name, the number of the email, and just chuck it in here, and that'll come up. And then, you know, you can click on, say, Ben, for example. And you can filter by the different types of, you know, contacts, SMS, WhatsApp, email.
jesesmith-shields: Do you do all your messaging through GoHighLevel, or?
Kyle Musca: I do, like, well, I just do it through Instagram for me. But, like, Tommy, for example, will be able to come in here and, one, look through the Instagram messages to see, you know, because you can see the little Instagram message thing here. So, see the conversation, get a little bit of background. He can either message through, because you've got different numbers and stuff. So, he can either message through SMS, because he... He's obviously a UK number, so you can just message straight from text, or he can just come over to Instagram, and he's actually technically in your Instagram account, and he can just message, be like, hey, Tommy's waiting on the call, are you coming, type thing.
jesesmith-shields: Okay, yeah, okay, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So, just makes it a little bit easier to communicate there for him.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, yeah, okay, that makes a little bit more sense of what he was asking for the other day then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then, you can, you can even call him and stuff through, go high level.
jesesmith-shields: Sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so. And then I'm sure you could, yeah, so you could filter it just by SMS if you want to. Yeah. then you can see. Okay, there's no SMSs that have gone out to him, if it was a book call, you'd see the automations.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But on that, that's like pretty. That's much all I use it for, to be honest.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, no, that's sweet then. I'll set that up then.
Kyle Musca: Conversations, you don't really need this, to be honest. It's only like if you were to send out SMS campaigns and  like that, you can.
jesesmith-shields: Do you really dive into any sort of campaigns?
Kyle Musca: Well, like you can, you definitely can. So one, you know, you could upload a CSV file of all your expired clients, and then you could keep the main here to do a message campaign out to them, right? So that's probably, I would probably do it through something like GoHai level. Yeah. So you can, I don't really  around with it too much because a lot of it, I like to keep things as native to Instagram as possible. You can remember that it's pretty cheap and affordable, but like, you know, every text you do send out, it does cost money. It's few cents or something like that, but it's not, it's not crazy or anything like that. But if you send out 5.100.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, no, that's sweet.
Kyle Musca: But yeah, can see, like, hey, Chris, you this is, he never confirmed yes, so followed up, never got a confirmation, can you please reply yes? Yeah, and then yes, great, thanks for coming for that, so that's just not automated.
jesesmith-shields: True. Yeah, okay, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, trying to think if there's anything else. That's pretty much all I use it for, you can use, , you can build websites and  out from it, that is a little bit of a pain in the , it's not super, it's not, like,  awful, but it's not super user-friendly, I'd probably use something like ClickFunnels if you ever wanted to do that. Yeah, that's pretty much for you to know, I don't really use it for anything else.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, no, I wouldn't dive too much deeper into anything else, if I'm honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, just a nice little place for your contacts. excellent. A nice little booking system is kind of how I'd think of it.
jesesmith-shields: Yep. No, that's sweet. I'll get onto that.
Kyle Musca: I'll start setting that up properly then. Yeah. And then one thing I helped, like, learn with is just  take screenshots and just chuck it straight into ChatGPT and be like, what the  is happening here?
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, I'd do the same thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then you just play around with it. Like, as you can see, they've got, like, a lot of different  tabs. Like, again, I haven't been bold enough to dive into all those things yet, but, you know.
jesesmith-shields: Cool. Yeah, no, that's sweet.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of stuff at all?
jesesmith-shields: Nah, that's pretty, um, I'm a learn it while I it sort of person, so I'll just jump into it when I've got a bit of spare time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I put it off for ages because I was, like, the same. was like, , this looks confusing as, but once you actually, like, play around with it, it's pretty straightforward. Um, once you, like, figure out where to find the basic . And then you're like, oh, this is actually pretty, like, convenient overall.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. Nice, sweet. Sweet, sweet. Yeah, it's pretty straightforward, I think.
Kyle Musca: And then the other thing is, like, I'm sure you could come in here and filter by, you know, to download CSV files. you could filter by, I'm sure Calendar will be in here somewhere. Anyway, I'm not going to spend time doing this. But, like, for example, you'd find everyone that's booked in on Calendar for, like, let's say, the last month. You would send that to Komei. And then you would get a new client, a CSV client, a CSV folder of new clients for the last month. And they say, like, hey, anyone that didn't sign up, go send them a message saying the magic hat trick.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. And so that's the other stuff you could do for it. But that's pretty straightforward.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. No, that's straightforward. Sweet. Yeah, that's pretty much all I really need to know, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sweet, man. Um... Cool.
jesesmith-shields: Anything else? Ads, how are they going?
Kyle Musca: Ads. Yeah, ads-wise, they're performing really, really well. So, I mean, it seems to be... We can. I was waiting for the, to get the video ads in there, because that's why I spend it themselves. But, like, as you can see, So, and then, realistically, like, you can have one ad that just  carries it. And then, this isn't super accurate in terms of cost per lead yet, because of that  that was  up with.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's a little bit skewed, but... Yeah, overall, coming through really, really well. And then we can have a look at... One thing I also like to look at as well, just while I've got yours, just so you can have a look at it, is just coming into your ManyChat flow and having a look if there's any drop-off. So you can see, you know, it's sent 548 times, 78% click. Like, that's pretty high. I'm pretty happy with that. Obviously, a lot of people are going for fat and weight loss, which is great. So once they get there, 91% of those people clicking through, fantastic. And once from there, again, 98. So some really, like, really healthy numbers there. Yeah. And we're obviously filtering out those younger girls, which is good. Primarily older. And, again, we've got the conversion API there. So overall, those are pretty healthy numbers. Yeah. So, yeah. And So, And then, do you know how to filter? Yes, this is more climatic sort of things, but to filter through ManyChat to like, so for example, we have it here. Yeah, qualified. So if you want to do the magic trick, how to like filter them through the tag?
jesesmith-shields: No, I don't.
Kyle Musca: So what I would do is like, you even like once a month, for example, so even from September, download, again, a CSV file with all the clients that signed up, right? And then you would just come into contacts here. You would just go filter, just go tag, qualified. I think we only added this like pretty recently. Then you would go system-filled, subscribed by, after September, 1st of September. So these are basically all the people that have subscribed. And then you would just say, like, give her the CSV file of all the people that signed up and say, obviously, don't message these people. Message everyone else, because these guys have all booked in a call with you and everything. So these are really hot leads, basically. Yeah. So you can just continuously do a magic hat trick on them.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. No, I've done that magic hat trick a few times, but obviously the way I was doing it was a little bit more manual.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would just get climated to it.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I would do it once a month, to be honest. I mean, because, again, these leads are still pretty hot, still pretty warm.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. Last time I did it was actually pretty, we saw a pretty good response from it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it just cleans up of anyone that didn't convert. Or also a lot of cancellations, a lot of, you no-shows. It tries to get them back on board. And then what you can do is just straight from here, start chat. And then she's just straight back into it.
jesesmith-shields: Just. Do you talk to them through ManyChat, does she?
Kyle Musca: I think she uses Facebook. She either uses ManyChat or Meta, I'm not 100% sure. But for this, for example, it'd be easier for her to use ManyChat because she can just click straight into it like that. Yeah. Send the message and then back. Next one. Send the message. Yeah. So, yeah, cool. Are you going to funnel all your calls to Tommy moving forward or are going to still take a few of yourself?
jesesmith-shields: I think if I start pushing more of my clients over to her, I'm just going to try and learn how to do them and then try and get a little bit better on them. Yeah. And then I'll start taking calls as well because Tommy's only really available for like that four-hour window period.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, what I can do there is what I've started to do as well is just getting people on call. Also with Tommy, so you just record your call, jump on with him, and then he'll just give you call feedback, call reviews, and everything like that, and go from there. I've also got a chat with a female closer, hopefully today or tomorrow, who looks like she fits the role, so as long as she's not a retard, we should be pretty all right. And then, yeah, hopefully, yeah, I'm we have to take some calls there as well.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, no, that'd be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you kind of want someone, like, front and centre, and then, you if there's extra calls, maybe you give them to Tommy or something.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, yeah, no, that'd be good. Yeah, ideally, give them most of the calls, and then I'll just do, once I'm confident, I can probably just jump in here and there, try and learn a little bit, some pieces of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think once you get good at sales, like, you kind of enjoy them. And I also think just the  workload that you'd have on your plate, handling all the fulfilment side of clients yourself is making them a bit of a drag.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But when you're doing, like, sales yourself and you're, you know, doing those higher-ticket packages, like, you make a lot of  money.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, that's worth getting to. Cool, bro. Is there anything else you kind of want to cover at all or?
jesesmith-shields: No, I'm pretty sweet unless you add something else you want to bring out.
Kyle Musca: No, not really. Graphic ads are still performing really, really well. So, we'll just keep scaling them. Get the video ads up and running as well. We'll how they go. We might even just be up after this about it. And then, yeah, just you settle into the new place and try and get the VA and everything set up properly and get them operating running. And then set go half a level up and, yeah, we're pretty  solid from that point.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, I'm sweet. I'm sweet. It'll be good once I've set up into the other place.
Kyle Musca: It's not going to be such a  round. Yeah, beautiful. And then I reckon we start looking at when are going to be set up in the new place?
jesesmith-shields: Move in this Friday.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, over the weekend. Yeah, cool. And then I reckon we start kind of pre-planning for December and just figuring out what our offers are going to be around that period of time. Yeah. Whether or not you want to just push hard, you know, try and push and do something over that period because December you're probably not going to get many signups comparatively. So you can either, we can even look at doing a specific offer for that to try and get people across the line in that month or you can just pull right back on everything and just like, you know,  chill essentially for a couple of weeks and try and remain really profitable because you don't really have that many overheads realistically.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. No, that's, what do you usually do when you go into those sort of times?
Kyle Musca: It depends. You've got to have like a specific, you've got to have something, strong offer. Um, if you're going to do it because it's more so like whatever we. Be running in terms of campaign-wise would be for January on. So I was thinking of either doing, I only thought of this morning, but like saying, running all my ads around saying, like, if you sign up in December, I'll give you two months extra free. So if you're actually serious about, you know, doing something in January, there's nothing stopping you from starting now, essentially.
jesesmith-shields: And then collecting cash then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jesesmith-shields: And then having it started in December.
Kyle Musca: Yep.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: But then there's other things you could do as well. So like you could even like, let's say, run a challenge, right? But just not list the price. DME challenge to learn more about it. And then on the call, you could do something similar. Well, if you sign up right now, I'll actually coach you for this entire month for free. So you're, and then we'll start in December, January.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I can tell you how that would work. Yeah, so it's about, we've just got to create an. an. Offer, that's different from what everyone else is going to run as well.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you know, because this will be my first Christmas period with obviously other coaches as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I just find Christmas a   period. Yeah.
jesesmith-shields: Last year it wasn't too bad because I was kind of just chill by myself and I wasn't really running ads or anything. So I was still really profitable, but I think Kiana would be quite surprised of the decrease within our clients over this period.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you get a lot of drop-off and you don't really get that many people coming through. So, yeah. And then, again, even like just preparing in terms of cancellations, if anyone wants to cancel, just having it prep like, you know, look, I'll give you this month free. Continue on. Like, again, just preparing the offers around those  things, essentially. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, so, I mean, we've got plenty of time, but we want to definitely be ahead of the game.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, even if we just aggressively push for now, until we kind of come up with those and see where we're at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think we do that regardless, like we just aggressively push and try and put ourselves in the best position possible before.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sort of mid to late November, and then December, you'll probably see things slow down a fair bit, I would say. Yep. Yep. So, again, then, ideally, we'd have something in place for that.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, 100%. Too easy. How's Dubai?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. Only, is there the time zone difference in the traffic, but that's The time zone's the difference, what's the difference over there now? Ah, it's like six hours behind, so it's 10.48 here.
jesesmith-shields: Oh, okay. True.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we're working about like  5am to start working.
jesesmith-shields: Sage was saying something, are you going over to Canada or something?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'll go to Canada in December, so.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, that'd be sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so again, ideally, you just want to have things pretty, like, all pre-prep, so you can kind of just cruise. Even if we are doing it, I don't plan to work that much in terms of that period, so it's like the marketing has to just be ready and automated. And yeah, it should be free-flowing, or just pull back and chill.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, no, that's sweet, bro. That's sweet. Yeah, I'm all good, bro.
Kyle Musca: Sick. If have any issues with GoHighLevel, just let me know. Yeah, play around with them, it should be fine.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah, no, I'll sit down and watch some YouTube tutorials, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, sick. Otherwise, Shelley was also, like, an admin and everything, so if you are getting stuck, you can also ask her, I'm she'd be able to help.
jesesmith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, that's sweet.
Kyle Musca: Too easy. Cool, bro. All right, enjoy the rest of the week, and I'll chat to you soon. You too, bro. Have a good one. See ya, bye.


>>> 204/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-08T07:23:13Z | id:92602716
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hello. Hey, how's it, Amy?
Marina Haeata: Hey. Good. Sorry. I'm just moving outside. You're good. We can still see him. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good. How are you?
Marina Haeata: I'm good. Thank you. Busy day today?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, pretty busy, as usual.
Marina Haeata: Busy is better than being bored. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Awesome.
Kyle Musca: I appreciate you jumping on. I'm not sure if Jordan gave you like a little... A bit of a background of kind of what I was chasing at all?
Marina Haeata: Not really. I pretty much got her message at like 10 a.m. today, so pretty much just before your message. So I haven't really spoken to her much. She did mention it because we were on a similar offer together. She did mention that she was on an Australian offer before, and she said it was really good, but it just wasn't suiting her time zones. And then she asked me if I was available, and then here we go. So not much. did send me on Instagram, so I had a little look, but, yeah, I would say that I don't know anything, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, fair. Yeah, so, yeah, basically it'd be like a health and fitness sort of offer. And then I have my own, you know, obviously company. And then I also help other coaches like build and scale theirs as well. And a fair few of them need a female closer primarily because a lot of them are sort of female companies. I guess, have you? You're currently on a role, she mentioned at the moment, are you?
Marina Haeata: Yes, so I'm on a quite a different offer now because I did do, I was on three different fitness offers before this, well, before my last one. But right now I'm on destination weddings. So they're pretty high ticket, but it's very, there's not many calls. So I do about five calls a week, so like one a day. And yeah, the rest of the day I'm not doing anything. That's why I was like, yep, I'm definitely open to doing some other calls. And sorry, when you say you help others scale their businesses, is that building up their own like health and fitness programs?
Kyle Musca: Like the marketing and everything like that. So it's not really like, you know, coaches that are just trying to start from scratch. It's more like they've already got a foundation and everything like that. And it's just to kind of build it into actual business, hence why they'll need clothes and everything like that. Um, yeah. Perfect. And then have you, have you done, you've done health and fitness offices and everything like that?
Marina Haeata: You mentioned, hey. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What were kind of the ticket prices that you were sort of working with there?
Marina Haeata: Um, so first one was a, like a supplement and training. So they had their basic, um, supplements, which could range anything between like 200 and 500. Um, and then their trainings, it would be, it was a thousand. a month. So we would have a four month, um, four month for four grand or nine months for nine grand. Sorry. Um, so yeah, so that was, it was kind of around the 9k price was the highest ticket. And then the most recent offer with Jordan, that one was, um, the same. was 9k for one year.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. And were you getting much volume through there?
Marina Haeata: Um, so, For Gerald's offer, that was along with Jordan, it was really, really good at the start, and then just the quality of the leads went down quite a lot, and that's kind of why I left. Like, I would get on a call with some people, and they'd be like, I don't know why I'm here, and they'd be like, oh, okay. So it was just, it was mainly the quality, and then he's just stopped replying to me. So that was, that's kind of, I just stopped taking calls because he wasn't answering any of my questions, and that's pretty much how that. faded out.
Kyle Musca: yeah, nice. Okay, and I guess, what were your sort of like average close rates on those roles?
Marina Haeata: Um, so my, on the first offer, I was on, I think it was 54%. I do have my close, um, where is it? I have a, where is it? Excel spreadsheet, that's what it's called. Um, but yeah, was roughly 54%. 4%. And then for Gerald's offer, Gerald's offer, I was on 43% close rate. If that helps, I'll try and get this up as well.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Marina Haeata: But yeah, so roughly around whatever the average for that is. So roughly, I'd say maybe like 45%.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, nice. And were they primarily male leads or female leads?
Marina Haeata: First offer was male leads.
Kyle Musca: Second offer was female leads. Okay. And do you have a preference which ones you work with or?
Marina Haeata: I feel like I close better with females because it's just easier for me to connect and because I am very into fitness myself and I play a lot of sports. So it was just way easier for me to connect with girls and talk to girls. But the male leads I thought was very simple as well, especially when I knew the offer because I feel like men are very straight to the point. They just want the details and then ready to go. So they're both okay. But if I just based on like my past. Personal preference.
Kyle Musca: I did like talking to the girls more. Yeah, okay. Okay, cool. And I guess, like, what would be the, I guess, volume of calls you'd be hoping to take on a daily or weekly basis?
Marina Haeata: Honestly, I'm happy to, I'm happy to take, like, anywhere between, like, three to five calls a day. I've, the only two days I can't work is Monday and Sunday, and that is just till 10 a.m. my time. So I've got the entire afternoon free, and just Tuesday and Monday afternoons I can't work. But other than that, I've pretty much got my entire days free. As long as I can fit in my schedule, I'm happy to take anywhere between, like, yeah, I'd say, like, five calls a day. So maybe, how much is that a week? Maybe, like, 25 calls a week if you have that much. But, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Are you looking for, like, part-time or full-time? don't Um, either or to be honest, um, depending on the, the quality and everything. Um, so I don't think it'd be too much of a stretch at all to get someone on full-time if that's what they were looking for. Um, okay, perfect. And, okay. And then I guess like run me through like you and your experience from a sales and a fitness perspective, like you've obviously been on health and fitness roles before.
Marina Haeata: Or I guess what trainings and educations and stuff have you done around sales? Yeah. Um, I've done, do you know Shelby Sapp?
Kyle Musca: Yep.
Marina Haeata: Yeah. I did her course last year. That's how I kind of got into the sales and most of the programs. So I've done her course. I read a lot of books and then I was also part of Closers.io. You had a Closers.io. Um, yeah, so I'm current, the offer that I'm currently on, the wedding one, we are partnered with Closers.io. So I've got regular trainings through there. Um, and. Um, I've I've so so regular Yeah, I was with Closes IOS for my first offer as well. So mainly those two. And I think, I don't know if you've seen the programs, but they have like the regular check-ins and the regular tiered, like tiered trainings as well. But yeah, that's pretty much all I've done for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Gotcha. And okay. Okay, cool. And I guess like if you were to, I guess, get the position, everything like that, when would you sort of, hoping to get started?
Marina Haeata: I can start pretty much like as soon as, like I can start as soon as you need. I am going to Thailand for a holiday though, end of this month for two weeks. So what time do we leave? We leave on the 28th. So three weeks time and then I'll be gone for two weeks. So yeah, like I'm happy to like get started ASAP, learn about it. And then I can. And go for my holiday. And when I get back, start taking calls if that's not a bad timeline. But, yeah, that's pretty much my only thing that I've got now is, yes, I'll be back on the 10th of November.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, cool. Okay. Nice. I think that's pretty much most of the things that I wanted to run by you. Was there any questions or anything like that you had for me at all?
Marina Haeata: It was mainly what you were looking for in terms of, like, how many calls, like, you were wanting me to take, I guess. And just, yeah, a little bit about the offer, I guess, and what it is. And, yeah, so would it be for you or would it be for some of the people that you're coaching or both?
Kyle Musca: So I think primarily it'd be for some of the people I'm helping to coach. Just because there's a fair few of them that prioritise with females. I have a female coaching company, so just having someone to fit the role in terms of closing position would be handy. But at the same time, like, I am looking for potentially taking some calls for me, probably more so in the mornings, maybe like US evening times, if that works out. But it's not, you know, that's hit or miss. And then essentially it'd be like the same, it will be for different companies, but it'd be like pretty much the same office, same price points and everything like that. So it'd kind of almost be like a, the same thing, but like under a different umbrella company.
Marina Haeata: Yeah. And sorry, so, oh, okay. So different. Okay. Yeah. And did you have your own, was it pretty much all the same script or was it all different things?
Kyle Musca: Pretty much the same script, same price points, everything like that. So it'd just be, you know, if you were to talk about the coach, then you would just change the name.
Marina Haeata: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Marina Haeata: That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And then I think across, you know, there'd be probably at least two or three you'd be working across. I think you'd pretty easily be able to get 25 calls a week total.
Marina Haeata: Okay, cool. And so is it all, do you have like setters already setting or do you have like a system behind that already?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so they come in from like paid ads and stuff like that. But majority of the time, they can be organic as well. But then they go through, you know, setters and everything to make sure they are qualified to get on the call. And yeah, so they're quite qualified once they get on.
Marina Haeata: Okay, cool. Yeah, that's pretty much all my questions, I think, as well.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect. Cool.
Marina Haeata: All right.
Kyle Musca: Well, I've got your WhatsApp. So what I'll do is I'll just go have a chat to some of the coaches and stuff like that. Mention that I potentially found someone. And if they're happy to get you started and give you a trial and everything like that, then, yeah, we'll just sort of, I guess, start a little bit, not slow, but just give you a few practice calls and everything like that just to settle in.
Marina Haeata: Yeah, yeah, no worries. But yeah, like I said, I'm happy to, like, because I've got these, like, up until I go to Thailand, which is like three weeks' time, I'm happy to, yeah, like you said, just learn a little bit more about the offers and everything. And then, yeah, when I get back, I'm happy to hit the ground running, just do something, because I'm getting kind of bored during my days at the moment with this offer, so definitely keen to do something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, perfect. Okay, awesome. All right, well, I'll get to work on that, and then I'd say they'll probably reach out potentially even today. Okay, cool. Yeah.
Marina Haeata: Cool. So will it be mainly you I'll be talking to, or will it be someone else?
Kyle Musca: Once you're, like, up and running with them, it'll be pretty much just you communicating back and forth with them about. You know, like leads and all the stuff you communicate with, you know, people about at some point maybe in the middle now. Yeah. So, yeah, would just be direct contact with them essentially.
Marina Haeata: Okay. Cool. Sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. All right. Well, I will chat to you very soon. Cheers for jumping on. Sweet. No worries. It was lovely to meet you as well. You too. Cheers. Bye. Cool. See ya.


>>> 205/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-08T08:45:15Z | id:92614282
People: Kyle Musca

Henry Cross: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro.
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro.
Henry Cross: How you going? I'm good, thank you.
Kyle Musca: How are you? Good, good.
Henry Cross: How's it have been? Yeah, good, bro. I really appreciate you taking the time to the school. I don't know what happened there. In the email, it had a team meeting and a Zoom, but I joined the team.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you're a good man. I think sometimes it just auto-ads to the team meetings, even though I do Zoom, which I don't know why.
Henry Cross: I'm good.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. How's it have been?
Henry Cross: Yeah, good, bro. It's still nice and early here.
Kyle Musca: I know you're in Dubai right now, right? Yeah, yeah, we're in Dubai.
Henry Cross: Yeah, what time is it there? Half nine.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, sick. Okay, cool. Yeah, beautiful. I think that will work out pretty well. I'll do that later. Cool, man. So, yeah, basically, you know, Tommy's closed for me for a while. I've got another offer. And kind of just working with a bunch of other coaches at the moment. So, yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. They're of constantly some quality closers, man. So I'll have a bit of a chat with you, see if there's anything we can do. So I guess we'll just start from scratch, man. Did you want to give me a bit of a run-through of who you are, your experience in both sales and fitness, all that kind of thing?
Henry Cross: Yeah, of course, bro. So I'd say it's about four years ago now I started my own fitness journey. I was sitting under 60 kilograms when I started. You can call that kind of anorexic, I think. And literally I went on the craziest bulk you've seen, like when I started, before I knew anything about health, really. was just mashing weights in the gym. So I think the heaviest I've been is like 80, so we've come a far away since then. And then last December, I quit my job, sold my car, moved to Australia, actually. Yeah, so I was in Sydney for a month, and I'd heard a lot through Tommy about working with you. And I've heard good things. things. We've been very successful together. So through his direction, I joined German's community. And through that, I had a couple of opportunities to do setting for a couple of coaches. So I worked for a guy called Lahiru for a couple of months. And then I've worked for another coach called Kelly, who I actually met in Thailand. And I'm still working for her now, but I've been with her for seven months. So through that, yeah, I've been doing DM setting for her. And I'm still in the German's community, but I've been working, especially recently, very closely with Tommy. Like one-on-one calls, learning as much as I can, basically, running through the script together. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's sick, man. Okay, perfect. Awesome. And, okay, and this would kind of be your first actual kind of closing role then, by the sounds of it?
Henry Cross: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it would be. Yeah, gotcha, man. Okay. Beautiful. And, okay. It's like, well, why do you feel like you'd be a good fit for this role, man?
Henry Cross: I think my passion for fitness and, you know, I know how much that can change somebody's life to really achieve your goals. And I feel like I've always wanted to help people. And I do feel like I have a good experience now in online fitness sales as well. So I've gained a lot, even though it's been DM setting, I've still been objection handling, you know, using CRMs, being in direct contact with fitness coaches, working for them, helping wherever I can. You know, I'm very eager to learn. And obviously, I've got Tommy very close to me. That can, you know, give us as much help as I need, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Okay, sick, man. And I guess, like, how many sort of calls would you be hoping to take on a daily or even a weekly basis?
Henry Cross: As many as possible. Yeah, okay. I am. My calendar is free. I'm, you know, six, seven, eight, nine, ten calls, like, Yeah, so yeah, okay. I'm willing to really max this out. You know, if it means starting where, whenever, I'd start today, tomorrow, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man. Okay. And you're based in the UK currently, aren't you?
Henry Cross: Yes. So I'm in the UK right now. And then on the 1st of November, me and a friend are flying back to Samui.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. So how long will you be in Samui for?
Henry Cross: As long as possible. We've got somewhere sorted until March, I believe. Yeah. And then possibly extending until then, maybe even coming back to Australia again. I was very fond of Australia.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Yeah, okay. Because Samui will line up a little bit better time-wise.
Henry Cross: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's right there. UK is not too bad for the afternoon, though. Okay. Sick, man. And what's the current price point of the offer you're setting for at the moment?
Henry Cross: The price point, it's $400. How long does that? A month. And we typically sell 12-month programs.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, cool. And I guess we'll do some, I guess, role-playing stuff, but was there any question, anything like that you had for me, Matt?
Henry Cross: I guess it's not working for you, it's working for somebody that you're coaching. I just wanted a bit of clarity on that, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I've kind of, like, you know, started helping other coaches, you know, grow and scale their business and everything like that, and a fair few of them need a closer to some degree. Yeah. So, it would probably be more so, you know, if we were going to do it, pretty much the same offer, but across, like, a few different businesses, sacrifice, manuscript, everything like that, just a coach that you'd sort of be referring to, I guess.
Henry Cross: Yeah, well, sounds great.
Kyle Musca: Anything else you'd want to run by me?
Henry Cross: I think that's it. mean... I've been in such close contact with Tommy every day. He's really filled me in on the culture that you've created, how he's enjoyed working with you, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's it. Beautiful. Okay, cool, bro. Well, yeah, I guess we'll just do like a little bit of role play because we need to go to like close rates.
Henry Cross: Yeah, of course.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right, well, I'll be the prospect. Obviously, you'll be the closer and everything like that. And we'll just start from, you where you pitch me the price.
Henry Cross: We'll just do objection handling. Okay. Okay. me get the script on there for you. So, once I've already pitched?
Kyle Musca: We'll start from you saying the price, essentially.
Henry Cross: Okay. Only two seconds. I was hoping to start at the beginning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Henry Cross: So, I had it ready for that. and ahead So, ahead get Okay, yeah? All good?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, whenever you're ready.
Henry Cross: Okay, so at this point, I don't really have anything else to go over with you. It looks like we've covered the basis of what you're looking for. So the next steps would, you know, to have a chat about that investment. And then at that point, we could get you set up in our system and set you up with Kyle. From there, we could just work together until, you know, you've really lost that 10 kilograms, you've made that lifelong change, and you're feeling really good and confident within yourself. Does that sound good?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sounds good to me.
Henry Cross: Awesome, bro. So the once-off upfront investment, if you were to do it in one go, it would just be 5,000 US.8 Australian dollars. Now, of course, we can break that up, but most people genuinely prefer to invest a full amount upfront, if they were to, as they can save roughly about 1,000 bucks. Do you have any questions about that?
Kyle Musca: No, I think that all sounds good. I'll just kind of have to, like, think about it, really. I don't usually make decisions on the spot.
Henry Cross: Okay. And, okay, so would it maybe be better for you to do it up front? Or would you maybe, if you were to maybe think about it further, would you look at maybe monthly investments?
Kyle Musca: Well, I would just have to sort of like think about, you know, kind of what would work.
Henry Cross: Okay. Okay. What would you want to think about exactly?
Kyle Musca: Basically, if I just want to do it up front or if it would work better for me just to break it down.
Henry Cross: Okay. And what's your thought, where are you at right now in your thought process? Like, does the, does what we offer sound good?
Kyle Musca: I think, yeah, I think everything you've said to me today sounds pretty good.
Henry Cross: Okay. But it's time that you're asked that you want more of?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just some time to think about it.
Henry Cross: Yeah. Okay. Is there anything you'd like from me in terms of wanting to know more?
Kyle Musca: Is, um, I guess, would you be able to put everything in like an email and just send it through?
Henry Cross: We We can do, yeah. Genuinely, prefer to be able to sort it on the call here today. But, like, in terms of the program itself, do you feel like you want to be part of that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think the program itself sounds good and everything like that.
Henry Cross: Okay, so it's not a money problem now?
Kyle Musca: Not really, it just depends on, like, how, you know, how I actually want to, I guess, cover it. So I just need some time to think about that.
Henry Cross: Mm-hmm. Okay. I guess I'm still in the learning process, you see. Yeah. Objection handling isn't a ton of what we've learned, what we've gone through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah, the script is one thing. Objection handling is, like, really where the sale was. Yeah. So I need to think about it as a smoke screen rejection. I need to isolate the actual objection. So, yeah, cool. I guess, so tell me how's it gone through objection handling, all that much.
Henry Cross: No, we've more been going through the flow, like tonality, like up until the pitch.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So I need to think about it and like, yeah, cool, man. No, absolutely. How long do you feel like you need to kind of think about it? A day? A day long enough? you need a week? Give them a way up?
Henry Cross: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, I think a day would be sweet. Yeah, okay. That's no stress, man. And I guess just so I'm prepared and I'm sure you probably have questions, I guess, like, what was it that you actually wanted to run over in your mind? And that way I can sort of answer any questions that you may have. All right. So you have to identify the actual objection.
Henry Cross: So then you can If it's like value, price?
Kyle Musca: It'll usually always be price.
Henry Cross: Price, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Expenses, but you need to get them to say that because if you start talking about money and stuff like money, yeah. One, it can raise a guard, but two, it might not like that.
Henry Cross: Of course.
Kyle Musca: So cool. Oh, just to see if I can afford it. Okay, yeah, gotcha. And then you need to reframe because it's now a price objection.
Henry Cross: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Bye. Cool. Yeah. guess price aside, like, is it the program, you does it sound like something you actually want to do? Yeah. Cool. And I guess on a scale of one to 10, like 10 being it's perfect. One being I'm complete dickhead and I've missed the mark. Where are we sitting? Seven. Wow. Seven's pretty high. guess. Why is it lower? They'll start saying all the reasons. It's great. I really like the accountability. like the structure and you guys seem really professional on top of things. Okay. And I guess like, what can we add to make it, you know, 10? What can we do? Yeah. It seems pretty good. Okay. Cool. And so from everything you've told me, it sounds like the program is something that you want to do. It's just whether or not it's going to work like financially. Is that correct? Yep. And then I don't know if it sounds like it's in the script, but you shouldn't offer a breakdown at the start because that's where it goes. Okay. That's actually where, you know, we work with a billing company. can break it down into, you smaller, I guess, repayments just to make it a little bit more digestible. Would that make it a little bit more reasonable to get started? Yeah. Cool. Okay. Sweet. So this is what we can do. And then you objection cycle, objection cycle, objection cycle. So I think that's probably what is in the script for German's thing.
Henry Cross: So fair point on your behalf. Yeah. I think obviously I'm very new to it still. I've not closed anything. And I think Tommy kind of told you that.
Kyle Musca: So you've got a lot of anxiety and stuff.
Henry Cross: It would just be about reps and everything on that regard. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Is there any questions or anything like that that you want to run by me at all?
Henry Cross: I guess everything, if I come up with anything, I can speak to Tommy about it. I know in terms of everything of what's expected of me. Obviously, now I'm going to go away and do a lot of objection handling practice, I think. Because, I mean, I've got the rest of the script kind of nailed on. It's just that final, you know, and that's where the, I understand, that's where the sale is won or lost, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So the script is one thing, but like objection handling is where it's a lot of it. Right. Like fitness offer.
Henry Cross: People aren't good at making decisions for themselves.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's why I had a call.
Henry Cross: Of course.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Cool, man. All right. Well, sweet. I got another call with the other guy. Yeah. Marcus. Marcus, that's the one. Yeah. And then, yeah, I'll just chat to Tommy and everything like that.
Henry Cross: Awesome, bro. Perfect. Thank you very much, bro.
Kyle Musca: I appreciate that. No worries, man.
Henry Cross: All right. Have a great best of your day. You too, man. Awesome, bro. See you later.
Kyle Musca: Bye-bye. See ya.


>>> 206/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-09T04:39:17Z | id:92918027
People: Kyle Musca

Callum Hinze: This meeting is being recorded. What do you use for the recording?
Kyle Musca: Do you use Fireflies? I was using just a Zoom transcript thing, but this week I'm going to try this Fathom thing, which is free.
Callum Hinze: What's the best? Because I want to start using one.
Kyle Musca: A lot of my closes in the past have used Fathom, and then what basically this will do, and I can even get you to hook this up if you want, is I've got a guy that will create a zap. So once it will take the transcript of the Fathom, send it through the zap, and put basically like a big recap together of everything we spoke about. Yeah, I'll just send it straight to my email so I can just send it over to you.
Callum Hinze: Cool, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, a lot of the closes I've known used Fathom, and it was free, so I was like, oh,  it, I'll just give it a go.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. Cool, bro. How has this week been overall?
Callum Hinze: Good this week. A few guys just obviously taking calls now for the end of the challenge thing. A few guys have signed on, which is cool. Other than that, I've signed, I think, two others just from direct inquiries as well. And then Jake's been away, so he's got a bunch of calls booked in, I think, tomorrow, Saturday. So I'm assuming some more will come through from him as well.
Kyle Musca: Okay, sick. So you've personally taken four calls, and so far you've had nine calls booked this week. Is that in total, or is that just so far from today?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, nine booked, including tomorrow, Saturday. And they're mostly, they're all mostly with Jake. Oh, actually, you know what?
Kyle Musca: It's 12 total. Okay, 12 calls.
Callum Hinze: Most of those, Jake, and he hasn't taken any yet, because I think he's been away. So, yeah, I've sold... Half of the calls, I believe, or something like that, that I've taken, which is okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And the four calls you've taken, have they all been post-challenge members or have they been a bit of both?
Callum Hinze: Half, half, I think. had three post-challenge, I think one or two inquiries.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Nice. How many guys from the challenge have booked in a call?
Callum Hinze: Not all of them. I need to jump into them. I've had probably only a third so far, but I've gotten Liam to go out and message all of them directly who haven't. So I'm assuming some more will through, even if it means doing them early next week. But, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, cool. And then, how have you sort of found those calls so far?
Callum Hinze: Good so far. Most have been interested. I've had, yeah, a couple of sign. And then a couple of saying, yeah, we'll sign it. We'll start it this day after. Moved house or whatever, you know how it is. So like, it'll just be like a matter of following up and doing a call later on. But I think most people would get on a call a keen to sign on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think one of the biggest things I've really noticed with this is create the urgency, like, and push the urgency really hard on the call. Otherwise, you'll probably lose them. How are you proposing it? Are you saying as if they've won?
Callum Hinze: Have you announced the winner yet? Nah, not yet. So the ones that got on calls luckily have been the ones that had been more eager and almost, like, mentioned that they were wanting to sign on earlier. So I've just sort of given them the full rate. I gave one guy, like, a slight discount for being on the challenge just because he mentioned it. But I was planning on using the discounted, like, sale thing for those who were on the fence.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just say, like, congratulations, man. You've won second place or third place. They you know, even if they haven't been that active, just be like, you know, we actually, we did a wildcard, man, where basically, you know, you, like everyone in the challenge just got a chance to win just by joining and, you know, basically pulled your name out of the hat. It's a magic hat trick, right? And you've won, which basically means that you get, you know, $250 or $500, whichever you want to do, to put towards a coaching, you know, option, man, if you want to continue. And then, so just give them that, that incentive there, and then really push the urgency on it. Be like, you know, I need to think about it or, because you'll get like, oh yeah, I need to think about it. need to see if it works with budget, finances, whatever. Just be like, yeah, look, that's no stress, man. Look, because it is, you know, a challenge winner and I need to get these guys set up by next week, man. I basically kind of need to know now. If you need to think about it and that's all that stuff, that's absolutely fine. don't like you can. Absolutely continue on with coaching. You just won't, you know, qualify to win the prize, unfortunately, which means you basically just have to pay full rate.
Callum Hinze: So it just depends on, you which option you want to run with. Yeah, okay. Makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Because otherwise you'll get a lot of guys being like, oh, I need to think about it. And again, that's just a smokescreen to just get off. So just push the urgency. You can either take it now or I need to give this to someone else because we're starting next week and I need to get their program built pretty much as of tomorrow.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, makes sense. Yeah. So urgency, huge with that. Cool. However, we have launched your ads and everything, your video ads, not yesterday, the day before that, I'm pretty sure. They probably only really would have started firing yesterday. Have you noticed anything coming in from that?
Callum Hinze: I've had messages come through, but I haven't actually tracked which are from videos and which are from the graphic ads.-spirit,-spirit and that force. I'm just to
Kyle Musca: The other thing is, as well, I was only talking to Michael about this and only kind of just realized this, is the Cappy, how it was set up, the Conversion API. Have a look at yours. It was in your account because it was trending before. I think you've already changed yours. Yeah, so, so see how it says, and yours should be okay because yours is similar to mine where it says just PS quickly, what's your current age and weight and height? And then it says action on reply and then it fires the Cappy. Whereas what I've been doing is, and I've only like literally doing this 15 minutes ago, is changing this. And then we can kind of get rid of this as well. well. That one doesn't really matter, but changing that to be there. So basically what happens is like, as long as I click older than 20, then it fires the conversion API no matter what. Whereas with the action on reply, I'm pretty sure they have to reply to this message in order to actually be counted. And I don't think it works in the sense of like, if they went to reply and then you send a message and then they reply, I don't think it will fire then either. So that should help clean up data as well. And then I'll just add a tag there. Qualified leads. Yeah. Cool. We'll just go. Qualified leads. Cool. So that should help out a little bit. That's a useful piece of information. Not 100% sure if that's how it works, but I'd rather be safe than sorry, to be honest. Um, yeah. And then how are you finding Clemé in the DMs and stuff, like in terms of responses?
Callum Hinze: She's still pretty good from what I've seen. She's only, it was only a few weird hiccups when she first started, but she's been solid as of the last few months, really.
Kyle Musca: Do you find, does she find, does she like follow the script basically exactly, or does she personalize the responses a bit?
Callum Hinze: It's relatively similar. I think it's similar until they say something that's out of the ordinary, and then she seems to. Personalize it a bit, but like the first, well, the first couple messages are always just straight off the script most of the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So what I was doing, I don't think it's as much of a problem for us, like dealing with males. I don't think males care as much. Some of the girls were having like issues, you know, that, you know, girls tend to trauma dump and . And it wasn't really super, you know. Again, personally. So what I've done is I've spoken to Clemé about how we can train the bot to be like really specific to one you and also your client avatar while following the direction of the script. So I'll send this through to you. Just make a copy of that and then send it back. But basically what it is, is it will just get your like sort of tonality and everything like that downright. And then what I'll do is I'll feed it through to make basically a mega guide on exactly how you should like DM and respond to that client avatar just to make things a little bit more personal.
Callum Hinze: Okay. So just legit fill this out and then send this back just to you and other documents.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just make a copy and then send it back. But basically like that just gets your tonality and everything down.
Callum Hinze: And then I put that into a lot.
Kyle Musca: It's a master prompt, and then it'll go away and do a bunch of deep research on exactly how it should be responding, how people should be responding for that, and then it should make it really nice and personalised.
Callum Hinze: Okay, so I think, sorry, I think Morgan will love that, because she was saying she likes, like you said, the girls are so much more, they go deeper.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I think I sent it to Morgan. It was Morgan and Megan and Tash as well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, that'll be good though, I'll do that. But yeah, from what I've seen, she's been pretty good, but there's obviously always ways to make her better.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I actually need to send this to Morgan, you just want to make it a little bit.
Callum Hinze: She'll love that, because she's always, yeah, just wanting stuff to be as realistic-sounding as possible, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I needed it for my bot setter as well, because my bot setter is like a bit  robotic at the moment, so I like, it works very hard.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. What does she use? Is it just like a...
Kyle Musca: So basically, she'll create a project in ChatGPT, so she'll have, like, Callum's DM setup, and then she'll chuck the mega guide that I give her, which is what I'll use to create based off what you just sent back to me there. And then I've got, like, a... I've got this thing. So it's like a human, like, texting guide. So it's just a big mega guide on how to, like, essentially text like a human and how to reply like a human for it to base it off. And then...
Callum Hinze: ...sponsors and what questions and stuff have been answered.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. So... That's mad. Yeah, should... Yeah, should... Just make it, like, a lot more fluent. So, yeah, perfect. Come on. Back to it. So, 9K week overall, a lot of that just seems to be a recurring revenue.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, mostly recurring. Last week or two, they haven't really been in any or many upfront paid-in-full payments, but...
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's much just average.
Kyle Musca: Let's say, getting that recurring revenue coming into this time of year is ideally what we want. And we should probably start, like, kind of pre-planning around what we want to do through that December period. Two real options is, one, we can just pull right back on everything for you if you just want to, like, sort of coast and cruise and chill a bit. I mean, 9K recurring revenue, so the only overhead you'll really have is just really paying lien. Because you won't need Klamet in there, you won't need to run ads, all that stuff. The other option is we just need to create a really strong offer around... And what we want to do for that period in order to get people in the door to start probably January. So, you know, a couple of options. I was potentially thinking of even running, just like saying it's a challenge, but basically just masking everything we're currently doing as a challenge. And then when they get on the call, be like, yeah, cool. So we're only accepting 30 people into this. We've already got 15 people that have joined and it's going to be, you know, $2,000 for three months. But if you join now, I'll actually give you this whole month free. So you kind of say it on the call to get them across. Yeah, New Year's challenge, yeah. The other thing I was thinking of doing is like, for me personally, I might even make videos where I'm promoting like it's a New Year's challenge type thing. But, you know, just to weave out all the people that are actually serious about making a change. If you join in December, I'm to give you two months of coaching extra, absolutely free.
Callum Hinze: I like that. Yeah, I don't want to take it in. Downtime over December. So I think that would be perfect running those sort offers.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: I've set a target to get Liam to 70 clients by end of year. And he's just about to crack into 60. So if I can keep pushing that, that'd be, I think, pretty realistic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I think, I think if, again, we just get some winning creatives come through, think that's very realistic. Fantastic. Okay. Sick. Did you have a chance to look over the scripts? Before we move on from that, we'll just have to sit down and, like, look at, like, what offer we actually want to do so we can create the marketing material around that. Yeah, definitely. And then, yeah. Again, it'd be, regardless of what we'll do, it's probably going to be pretty similar to what we're doing now in terms of, you know, they're coming through the ad message call. But it would just be about what packaging we put on it, essentially.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, no, I'd be definitely down for that. I don't, I don't really want to, yeah, take the foot off the pedal with this style of. And running it through ads until we're capped, really. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: If it's working, it's working.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Perfect. Cool. All right. We'll have a look at there. I'll probably go map out like a few just so everyone's not using the same. Yeah. But we got plenty of time for that. Obviously, I just want to make sure that we're well prepped and then obviously making sure we're getting it done all over November, ready for December. Cool. What else was I going to say there? Oh, yeah. Did you get a chance to have a look at the, you know, scripts and booking a time with V and everything there?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. He's coming over an hour or actually. So, he's just going to do it in my place where it's quiet. There's no background music and stuff. But, yeah, I had a quick control. That would be sweet. That would be good. Yeah. I think there was only two, hey?
Kyle Musca: No, there was three.
Callum Hinze: There was three. Maybe I missed one. But, yeah, he's coming over soon. So, we're going to pump that out. I don't know, he'll probably have that done within a week or so. And then, yeah, as for the December period, I'll probably aim to film mid-November because we're away second half of November, so if I had that done, yeah, this time next month, it'll have me organised, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, so we'll just start putting into place something for that. Yeah. And then, yeah, cool. Another thing I was thinking of what could actually work really, really well for you, especially if you're going to use Jake and closes and stuff like that, is possibly even, like, dabbling back into the lead magnet side of things, but just doing it, like, kind of, I guess, more properly this time. Like, do you have a, one, do you have, like, just a generic program you could give someone, like, even four weeks or something like that, or a full week of training split or whatever the case may be?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, do you mean... mean... Within TrainerEyes, the app, or something that's like a separate, like, document.
Kyle Musca: Just a PDF, yeah.
Callum Hinze: I can make one.
Kyle Musca: Pretty easy. I would say just create, like, I think the arm guide was probably, like, maybe a little bit specific. You know, whereas if it's just, like, a 12-week training program, you know, so it doesn't matter if someone, or a four-week training program, doesn't matter if someone wants to build their chest or their legs or their  arms or whatever, like, it applies to them all. And, like, James Borden stuff, I actually haven't looked at this, but it would be a good idea for us to look at this, is, you this is what they do to run their entire business. So I think if we, like, layer this in, it could work really, really well.
Callum Hinze: I see their ads pop up for something training program, but program is spelled weird. It's like a program A. It's like, I'm guessing it's a British thing.
Kyle Musca: What are they?
Callum Hinze: And they call it built now.
Kyle Musca: Ah, yeah, built. We're going to have to go have a look. Built body transformations. There you go. Maybe they don't run it through that. Maybe they run it through their actual.
Callum Hinze: I've seen the program ones pop up, I think, just on their normal feed. Not even ads.
Kyle Musca: But- Another difficult. GensBERT- I'm pretty sure I was talking to Sam and he was showing me, because it was like a graphic, kind of like what we did for the challenge.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I've seen it pop somewhere.
Kyle Musca: There we go. Oh, . There's no way they're only running just these ones. Have a look at that. There's no way they're only running that because I know pretty much all their business comes through paid ads. So. That's weird. I'll try to change one more time. I'll have a look into that.
Callum Hinze: That reminds me too. What is the, because I've got all those testimonial sort of videos from clients now, similar to their ones. What's the best way to format those? Or is there any sort of template or anything I should send through to the editor? Yeah. Make them, right?
Kyle Musca: No, like he, he'll already know what to do.
Callum Hinze: So I was like, hey, can you just tidy this up, crop it down into whatever duration? Yeah, basically, because he already did it for me, so he already knows. How long do you reckon?
Kyle Musca: It depends on how long the person speaks, but ideally like less than 45 seconds type thing.
Callum Hinze: It shouldn't be too long. I've some long ones. I had a couple of guys send me through like massive ones, which was awesome, but I went, well, I don't need it to be that long.
Kyle Musca: Just get them to like edit and clean it all up and everything like that, and then just like re-watch it, and any parts, if it is going for really long, any parts that don't really need to be in there, just tell them to like cut them out so you have like a shorter version to go with it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, and then add like some progress photos and stuff to it and stuff as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, progress photos, know, weight loss, you know, charts, whatever the case may be.
Callum Hinze: Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. I'll have those sorted.
Kyle Musca: So curious about what's happened here. Oh, where is this? This is inactive, though.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I've got one here that went for five minutes. Awesome.
Kyle Musca: Five minutes, . Is he rambling a lot?
Callum Hinze: I listened to most of it. It was actually, it was all pretty, like, good.
Kyle Musca: I just gave this heaps of options of stuff to pull from, so not bad at Yeah, yeah, I'm not going to keep watching that. But, okay. But, yeah, basically what they did is, like, the one I saw anyway, it was basically a, like, training program type thing where, sorry, it was, like, a graphic kind of, like, how we did it for the challenge. So it wasn't, like, story post as much, but then we can chuck it in, like, feeds and stuff like that, because it will fit in the aspect. Right. Ratio of, okay, they're all reels, but it fits in the aspect ratio of the feed and everything like that. Yep. So that should be pretty cool. So, and then, have you got the DM script for the lead magnet? I'll just send it through.
Callum Hinze: Oh, it's come through.
Kyle Musca: Let me, I'll send it through to grab that for you. Okay. Yeah, I reckon, because what we'll, like, end up looking What we're looking at doing now is, got those video ads up and running, you'll film these new ones today. Then, in the meantime, like, we'll try and get something to run as a lead magnet just to test the waters, give it a proper try. And then, by the time we can test all that out, we can, we'll have the next thing of looking at the December offer coming up. And then, if the lead magnet is still pulling through, then we can absolutely just keep running it. Because, you know, in the DMs, then you can kind of say the same thing as whatever offer we put on display. Like, someone downsides it. Have you thought about getting coached? Yeah, waiting in the new year. Yeah, no, that makes sense, man. Like, I've actually got, you know, a new year offer coming up. Like, I'm running at the moment. You know, so if you're looking at it, makes great sense to do it now. Something like that.
Callum Hinze: And would that be, would we sort of incorporate that sum of power into the DM script? Before calls? Or would that something you just sort of mentioned when they're on a call?
Kyle Musca: What do you mean, sorry?
Callum Hinze: Sorry, like the New Year's offer, would you have that pre-call in this group?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I reckon once we get there, absolutely. Just like, yeah, because we'll be like, have you thought about getting a coach? And they'll probably reply with, oh, I'm waiting for the New Year or something, and then you can like throw it in there. But yeah, we should get a bit more, like, the idea there is to get more volume through, but then, you know, if someone like Jake's taking calls and stuff, then it works great in that regard. Yeah. Biggest thing with, like, the lead magnets is because it's kind of like a decoy offer, right? So when people come through, kind of have to brush it off as, like, that's just the, you know, , you know, program that, like, I just give to teenagers and stuff just to make them feel good. But, like, you know, the guys that are actually serious about getting real results like that, I work with them one-on-one in actual coaching.
Callum Hinze: Well, that's the program itself. When I make that up, I don't want it to be too in-depth. Just program. And maybe some simple notes on how to calculate macros or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like you want it to be decent, but you don't want it to be like extremely good. Plus, you don't want to spend like crazy amounts of time on it. What I would probably do if I was you is like kind of go on to chat, deep research. You know, want to create an e-book about everything, you know, training, nutrition, yada, yada, yada. I want you to follow the philosophies of like John Jewett, Joe Bennett, know, any other coaches that you really like, you know, the teachings of. And then like design it in a way that it's going to be for gen pop people. I want to use this as a lead magnet. So it's informative and it kind of says the what, but it doesn't necessarily say the how. And then I'll attach a program under it as well.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yeah, sweet.
Kyle Musca: And then it'll basically spit you out of everything and then just read through it, change it however you want. And then you might even want to add in that prompt like, I want you to. All right, in a way, so it is exactly how it should appear on the e-book, so I can just send straight to my graphic designer. I need to send a look, and he'll just do it up there.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's easy. That is simple. Would we ideally have that running over, like, that December period or beforehand, like ASAP?
Kyle Musca: Ideally, we'd want to get it up ASAP to test it. But if it's working through, and if we can get it right, then I absolutely reckon we just keep running it, just to bring in more leads. And then, I think it will work really, really well for you, because obviously, like, you're an IFBB pro and everything like that, so it's like a training program actually, you know, hits a lot harder than Timmy, who's just an influencer, you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. So, and then I think if just have, like, a bunch of, you know, photos of you throughout it, as you will, as Graphic will put on, like you will put on the graphics, then, yeah, it should be sweet.
Callum Hinze: Okay, easy.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man, does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's simple. It's simple. I'll get to work on that.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Callum Hinze: Nah, it's all pretty straightforward. I think it's pretty crazy.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Other than that, yeah, I think that's pretty much the main things we need to cover for now. Biggest thing, I guess, short-term is just really drive urgency on these challenge calls. Basically say, like, you know, you can think about it, but you'll be paying full price.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. I'll do that. I've got one more of those to start by, so I'll push that in a few, or at least one tomorrow. But yeah, that's fine. Other question I was going to ask, do you have any form of template or anything you use for closers to use as an invoice for you? Or you just get them to do whatever they like? Um, 73 Wambras is just messy. I'm like, just... Just put it together properly for me. Yeah. So I don't have to do that.
Kyle Musca: Do you have the commission sheet?
Callum Hinze: Yes. I've asked him to send me through like an invoice that organizes it nicely for me so I can just know how much to transfer.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so.
Callum Hinze: It's just a bit of a mess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sometimes for me, he likes to add the whole  commission sheet into the invoice.
Callum Hinze: That's what he's done. I just want to know how much to pay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And you've got a VA and stuff that did the commission comms?
Callum Hinze: Nah. So I've just gotten him tracking it and then I'm just jotting it into that other form myself.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right. Okay. Yeah. So that's the other thing with where you're at.
Callum Hinze: would definitely, have you got a VA? Yeah, I think I definitely do need one though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Start getting a VA just because you don't want to do it. That stuff's all really tedious. And then you leave really big holes in your business for people. That's the only Yeah. To charge incorrectly and all that . So, and I've got my VA to say, all good on the, like, teaching other VAs on how to do stuff. So as long as you find a decent VA, then she can just jump on and show exactly how to find everything. Maybe a little bit different systems, but same concept. But in, I would just say, like, hey, bro, can you just remove the commission sheet and just send me through how many sales you got? Yeah, or if you don't even want that, just be like, just send me through how much I owe you on commissions. Just on an invoice, simple invoice.
Callum Hinze: Okay. As long as he, yeah. Yeah, because he probably doesn't see what he's done for you. He's just sent me through the whole sheet.
Kyle Musca: I can already see that sheet on my end. Like, I just need to just do it up and let me know how much I owe you on.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So all you need to do there as well, on that commission sheet. The sheet, it should do it, but like, so for example.
Callum Hinze: Oh, actually, maybe I don't have the commission.
Kyle Musca: No, he's been using some other one.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, so you commission sheet. no, I don't have this one, actually. Oh, okay. Yeah, so you I've been getting into the track it on a different tracking sheet.
Kyle Musca: Um. Let me find, shall we come straight? Okay. I do have a template settlement, but where that is, I'll have to find. Yeah, so what I'll do is, Thank you. So, this is definitely where I would get a VA, me have this, yeah. Cool. But basically, the call date, obviously the name of who it is, the contract value and the cash collected on the call, and then how many, how much commission is owed total. So if they sell, you know, a $3,500 package and you've got 10% commission, then, you know, you obviously owe them $350. And then each month, the VA will come in and be like, come through the list and be like, okay, so they've paid $500 down for the first payment, so therefore, it would be 10% of that, right? And then it would go for the whole month, and then at the end, you can just like, highlight them all. I'll show you mine. That would make a little bit more sense, wouldn't it? You're annoying. Oh, God. And then the other thing as well, super important to get a VA is to make sure that she's like marking all the cancellations because you don't want to keep paying, you know, all these people that have cancelled six months ago. So, yeah, basically what you do is you come in, you just highlight all that, and then that gives you the sum of, you 15,587. So if you're just doing 10%, then it would just be, you 1,558.
Callum Hinze: Yep, makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that'll help. And then every time you make payment, like you pay the invoice, you just come market as greens, you know, you paid it.
Callum Hinze: Yep, okay, sweet.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So, yeah, that's the other thing I would definitely try and jump on top of is just getting a VA to do all this stuff here.
Callum Hinze: Sweet. It's project.
Kyle Musca: project. It's You So then, all right, we'll get it all out into action. Is there any questions or anything like that you have for me at all?
Callum Hinze: I think that was all. I was going to ask something, but I think it was just that question about, yeah, invoicing, which is fine. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I think that's it.
Kyle Musca: Okay, sick, man. Cool, all right, well, yeah, we'll action all that stuff, man, and then we'll just keep chipping away.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, all right, I'll get these videos and stuff filmed on Starvo, too, and then these ones aren't really urgent anyway, are they? Because we've just got new stuff up, but we'll have them on hand.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect, man. Cool, bro, if you're running any, guys just let me know.
Callum Hinze: All right, beautiful, beautiful, easy stuff.
Kyle Musca: Thank you again for that. Awesome, cheers then, bye.
Callum Hinze: See you soon.


>>> 207/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-09T05:54:14Z | id:92920875
People: Kyle Musca

emily paige: This meeting is being recorded. There we go.
Kyle Musca: Hey, how going?
emily paige: Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. How are feeling?
emily paige: Oh, I feel so much better.
Kyle Musca: Like, I actually feel like a human again. Yeah, no, I could imagine.
emily paige: Like, today, like, I went straight to the gym because I landed last night, and I was like, I can actually talk to people now. Like, I'm not mute.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yeah, it takes it out of you. Cool, all right. All settled back in then, all back into routine?
emily paige: Yeah, I've gotten back into routine so quickly. I'm like, let me go to the gym today, get all my meal prep done, just, like, kind of, especially getting on this call as well is, like, perfect time. Like, I just want to get straight back into it. So, I'm keen, especially, like, when you pour all your energy into a prep, I'm like, I need something else now, and this is just, yeah. Yeah. Perfect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. I think it's, you know, doing a lot of the, you know, I'm sure you probably saw a lot of, I guess, engagement around the prep and everything as well. So I think if we launch this off the back end, it should work really well in that regard. Exactly. And the beautiful thing about it is like with where we're at now, we can kind of just like rip straight in and it's a lot faster of a turnaround for us to start getting clients through the door and everything like that. So perfect. Okay. Yeah. Anything you want to run by me at all before we dive into everything?
emily paige: No, not necessarily. Like literally the only things I need to film is that video. What was it? The VSL?
Kyle Musca: Was it VSL? So what we'll do is we'll scrap the challenge idea just because we're going to do that for while you're prepping and everything like that. That's like a longer turnaround time thing. We don't really need the VSL. We'll just go straight, straight into direct marketing now.
emily paige: Okay. Yeah, let's do
Kyle Musca: So again, that's a lot, lot faster for turnaround time. So basically, what we'll need to do is first thing we'll do is we'll get ad graphics up. You've already connected to me to all your meta and everything, hey?
emily paige: Yeah, I'm pretty sure you're on there.
Kyle Musca: I'm pretty sure I remember doing that. Yeah, I'm pretty sure we're all pretty much set up. So just need to get some ad graphics set up. So what I'll do is I'll create all the captions and everything like that just to put on the graphics. We want these to look like organic story posts. So whether you do them or I've got my graphic designer that will do them within like a day and he doesn't put like four USD per one. We'll probably do, yeah, we'll probably do about six to eight just to start with and then we'll split test which one works. You should get quite a lot of traction. think especially you should get a lot of traction just off that alone. And then Once we see like what angles resonating with your audience, then we'll look at creating some ad scripts and everything like that to, you know, around that angle essentially.
emily paige: That's so good. No, yeah, 100%. I agree with that. And that's so easy as well to do. Like I could honestly, because I've got a bunch of, I did a photo shoot. So I've got so many photos of that like actually look really good, which I can use even stage pics. don't want to really use those. I feel like that's not organic enough. That's a bit like too much. Even if I use some more so organic looking photos as well, just to see what works. Cause I know a lot of the time people can scroll past and just be like, oh, it's an ad, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'll pull up, um, like I'll pull up Breeze, for example, which she does, does really well. So we want, yeah, like a mix in and then one week's my test. So just a bit of mix of everything. don't reckon for who we're going with the, the full, work that well, but definitely. Particularly, like, you know, bikini ones, lifestyle ones, gym ones, all that stuff. So let me...
emily paige: Because, yeah, I saw Breeze, but that was her birthday challenge photos. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, for example, and I'll send you examples to go off as well. Basically, kind of just like this, where it just looks like something you'd normally put on your story.
emily paige: Oh, my gosh.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah.
emily paige: Yeah, it's really annoying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the only thing is, like, the sponsor, but no one ever sees that.
emily paige: Yeah, it really looks like that.
Kyle Musca: So we just put it on story placement, so it works really, really well. And then I'll do, like, the actual caption stuff for you, so you don't need to stress about that. But basically... It's off your client avatar and everything as well. Cool. So whether you make them or Lucky makes them doesn't really matter. We'll them done up realistically like we jump on that ASAP.
emily paige: I can honestly get that done. Like as soon as you tell me what to write on it, I can get it done straight away because I've got so many photos and I can do it myself because I kind of know how to do story posts anyway and to make it look organic. I don't need anyone else to really do it, you know, to like write it up and make it look more aesthetic is quite easy. So, yeah, I'm keen to do that ASAP. I was even thinking today to post in my story something about coaching, but this is even better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, you can use them as organic as well. So like every, you know, once a week or something, I'll chop one up for sure organically. The other thing is, do you have many chats set up?
emily paige: No. So, so I've been trying to figure out how to do that actually. Is it like when people comment a keyword on your post? And then it just, like, sends them a, yeah, see, I need to figure out how to set that up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So basically, I've got, so we'll have to set up a conversion API and everything to track, like, leads and everything that come through the ads. So, and we'll set that up in the back end of ManyChat. But I've got my guy who will go in there and he'll set up the entire flow for you and then he'll attach that. But basically, what that does is it sent, like, when someone gets to the end of the ManyChat flow, sends the data back into Meta. One, so I can just scale which ads are actually performing well. But two, so, like, as time goes on, Meta will, like, see the people coming through that. More people like that.
emily paige: Yeah. Oh, my gosh. It's so, that's so good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it builds with time. And then I'll also introduce you with Clemé and everything like that. So she. She's the DM setter. So the DMs is like super, super tedious.
emily paige: don't want to be in there. Oh, yeah, that's what I need.
Kyle Musca: I need someone to just go through the DMs. Yeah, so she'll follow the script and everything like that. I'll send you through the script just to reword. Yeah. And then I'll send you a few other resources. So basically what she'll do is she'll follow the script. So she's got a whole team of people. So she'll follow the script, but I'll also send you another resource to get your tonality down. And then she'll put that into like a ChatGPT project. And when people message through, basically it will follow the script, but word it accordingly to your tone and your audience.
emily paige: So personalize the responses. That's so good. Yeah. Okay. That's sick.
Kyle Musca: So I'll send you all that stuff. And then it would just be about like taking sales calls and everything like that.
emily paige: Which is pretty easy. Like, I feel like sales calls is, I can talk, you know, so just kind of like, even if you have like a sort of script for calls that you go through, like, just send it through to me or whatever, and then I can kind of change it into my own words. Also with pricing, like, that would be something as well that we need to go over with coaching.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, so I think we'll cover that now because the rest of it is just basically me sending me documents, you rewording it. So, with the, the, the, the, um, send it to you now, actually, I'll send you this stuff as we're going through it. Um, where is it? where is it? Thank Thank you. Cool. So that's our script, yeah, through there. And then I'll also send you the payment structure one, which we'll go over in a sec as well.
emily paige: Okay, okay. It's just opening. Okay, there we go.
Kyle Musca: So.
emily paige: Oh, this is so, like, in-depth.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so.
emily paige: Do you ever just, like, read directly from this script, like, as you're on the call?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would encourage you doing is, like, you pull it up on a Zoom or I would use Google Meet.
emily paige: Have you used Google Meet? Yeah, Google Meet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. It's just easier and it's cheaper and it's easier for people to access. Yeah. I would pull it up exactly like how I've got it right now, like, literally the same. And I just wouldn't share my screen, obviously. And I wouldn't read word for word, but I would pretty much read most of it word for word. So, you know, currently just, you know, I just want to get a bit of a base understanding of where you're at. I guess, like, what is your sort of current body weight at the moment? Okay. And I guess what weight would you be hoping to get down to if you could? Okay. I guess how long that means it's you at 86 kilos or 66 kilos or whatever. So, mean, so you can wear it. Do it word for word. And I would just, like, scroll through, okay, have you previously tried to fix this? Have you followed any formal nutrition exercise? There are things that you don't need to say. So it's like, I would say that, that's fine. If they said, like, if they didn't really say, like, you know, a problem that wasn't, you know, if it doesn't make sense, especially this question, if they've tried lots of things, like, okay, it'd like, okay, and you feel like the really restricted diets wasn't really something you wanted to do for the rest of your life?
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But if they didn't give something else, then it's like, okay, what about cardio? Was that much the same?
emily paige: Like, if didn't say that, then don't say it. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, okay, yeah.
emily paige: Cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So maybe help me know. So what this script does is it's really, really good at, one, getting them into a very emotional state, right, and, like, getting them really nice and vulnerable and opening up. Mm-hmm. So, yeah. By starting at, like, surface level and then getting more, you know, in-depth and deeper down the line. And it also covers a lot of obstacles before they become objections. So maybe help me understand why you might be looking at getting outside help with this instead of just trying to do it for yourself. So this fixes the DIY objection, do-it-yourself objection, right? Because if they say they've tried, like, five times before and they failed every single time, then they get to the end of the call and, like, oh, I think I want to try it, like, myself.
emily paige: It's, like, well, you've just told me you failed, like, so many different times. you want this to happen again? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So any questions on that?
emily paige: No, this is so good. So in-depth.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, that's really, really good. And what I'll get you to do is, one, I'll get you to record all your calls. So just make sure you do record them because I'll get you to jump on with my sales trainer, Tommy, and he'll, like, review the calls with you and give you feedback and break down on, like, how to handle certain, you know, parts of
emily paige: Yeah, because I noticed that you got, like, the recordings going, and I was like, that's so sick. Upgrade.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd like, oh, yeah, this one, yeah, that's the, I'll send you through, like, a recap of everything we've spoken about. But, like, just even in, like, I think that's recording. don't think I'm actually recording at the moment, though. So on all your sales calls, just record them. So, you know, you can have that feedback, and you can have those, like, trainings with him as well.
emily paige: Oh, my gosh. You're doing well. Like, you're adding a bunch of stuff into it as well.
Kyle Musca: It's so good. Yeah, so, I mean, because as long as you can convert on the sales, like, everything else should be sweet.
emily paige: Yeah, yeah, no, definitely. I feel that's pretty self-explanatory, all of that. Okay, and then, no, so the pricing isn't on this.
Kyle Musca: It's just a script. The pricing is actually on this. I have added it at the bottom. So, like, how did it go about the close? Yeah.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this is how I like to handle, and basically this is exactly word for word how I do my closing. So we price anchor, so we're not trying to sell this package, right? It's,000. Get that draw to the draw, get that shock factor going. I don't think you'll need that one though, right? Emerald, I'll probably skip for now until you get a nice client base and then maybe bring a coach on underneath you and then you can bring Emerald out. Basically just treat this as your second tier package.
emily paige: So you can still do it word for word, it would just be a different price.
Kyle Musca: And then the silver package is like the lower down sell option, which we'll get into a second. Okay, yeah. And then the guarantee, so I'd definitely recommend having a guarantee, but it's a conditional guarantee. So it's like if you sign up and do everything, you know, I lay out for you and not achieve a result you're stoked with, I'll give you all your money back and I'll spend you five hundred dollars. Cash your wages for wasting your time. So, obviously, when make a strong guarantee, it just takes away a lot of fear. But, again, it's unconditional. They have to show up. They have to do the workouts. They have to eat the meal. Like, follow the meal plan. They have to track everything. They have to check in with you. Like, if they do the work, then they'll get the result.
emily paige: Yes, it's inevitable, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And as long as you, like, take good care of them and everything like that, then, you know, even if they don't get the result, it's very, very unlikely that they'll turn around and try and say, you know, I want a refund. I think my entire time of ever doing this, I had one guy try to do that. And all I said is, like, look, I'm committed to you getting the results. One, I just said, like, we can go a lot harder if you want to, but it's going to be really unsustainable. But if that's what you want to do, we can, and I'll give you an extra month. And I just gave him an extra month free.
emily paige: And it was fine. Okay, yeah. And there's not many people out there that would go to that extent by any way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so, and then you're just given the option as well. It's like, look, you know. Yeah. We did this so you could sustain it and get quick results, like fast results, but if you want to drop everything and just rip the rug out, then we can absolutely drop everything and rip the rug out, but at the same time, I doubt you'll be able to stick to it, but if that's what you want to do, and I'll just explain to them, you also lose a lot of muscle in the process. On a scale, you lose 10 extra kilos, but you probably won't be looking and feeling very good. Now, the payment structure side of things. So, this is how, one, I not only set the payment price for my program lengths, and I'd probably recommend you doing it as well, at these prices, simply because, I mean, there's no difference in saying it's $1,500 compared to it's $2,000, really. Yeah. These work. Now, this is the Emerald package, so this is the one I was saying to skip, you don't really need to worry about that until you want to One, get more of a coaching base, and two, get more confident with the sale. So, I'd really just focus on your main package and your data. So the main packages are $2,000 for three months, 16 weeks, you'll usually only probably sell three months or six months, depending on you, though. If you only want to sell six months and a year, by all means, go for it. So $2,000 for three months, $2,400 for 16 weeks, $3,500 for six months, and $6,000 for a year.
emily paige: Okay. Wait, is that on this?
Kyle Musca: Are you looking at my screen?
emily paige: Oh, no, I'm looking at the actual thing. Wait, hold on, let me go back on this. Okay, yeah, now I'm looking.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Cool. So, yeah, $2,000 for three months, 16 weeks is $2,400, six months is $3,500. So this is the payment structure I've seen you.
emily paige: Oh, easy, okay.
Kyle Musca: Now, and then the breakdowns. So the breakdowns are how much you want to, if you do break it down, how much you want to get off them to make it reasonable. So the way I've done this is I've set it up so it's based off the repayments of being $400 a month, $500 a month, or $600 a month. Reason being is because if they're paying anything larger than $600 a month, but they can't afford to lay the deposit down, the likelihood of them being able to afford that is very, very low. So it's a huge red flag. And they'll either be really annoying and want to cancel straight away, or you'll just deal with constant failed payments.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And this works better the longer package you get them on. So it's like $1,200 to start with and then $400 a month from that point. Or we could just do $1,500 and it's $400 a month. In saying that, I would only present, and even in the script and everything, what you've been talking about the whole time. So if they need, know, 15, 20 kilos, then everything. I'm talking about is just six months. Like don't mention three months and stuff like that. You don't say, because you'll anchor them low.
emily paige: So do you know what price anchoring is?
Kyle Musca: So price anchoring is basically, so it's like a piece of psychology. When you say a high number and then you say a lower number, in contrast, the lower number sounds a lot more reasonable now. So for example.
emily paige: yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah. Yeah, that's why we do, you know, this one is $10,000 for six months. I don't think you'll need that. That brings us on to the gold, which is just $3,500.
emily paige: Yeah, and then it sounds a lot better for them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, in contrast, otherwise you could just say like it's $3,500, but that's all they have to go off.
emily paige: So it seems like a really big number. Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's super important that you don't negatively price anchor because you could say, you know, it's six months for $3,500 or we could do three months. Yeah. That's for 2,000. Sorry.
emily paige: And then there'll be three months first.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what they'll get. Or you could do 2,000 for three months or six months for three and a half thousand.
emily paige: But again, same thing, you'd probably say on the loan. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So always start with a higher number. Yeah. It does work. Like if you're trying to make a number seem negative, then you can do it the opposite way, but that's pretty rare. So just as a general rule of thumb, I would always remember to start with the higher number first. So you can sell the lower number.
emily paige: Yeah. That makes sense. Like it's a psychological thing for anyone. So yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. So sales, we'll get everything, we'll get all marketing and everything like that set up properly first and just get that launched.
emily paige: I don't know why I've never like thought about doing an initial upfront payment. So you're still getting that big payment plus then following along with the weekly because then you still Get the consistent income, which is so smart. I don't know why I have not thought of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So we definitely want the recurring revenue, but we present it as a paid in full to begin with. So we can work towards a solution and negotiate a solution to break it down. So, you know, you'll see some people say, like, charge a signing fee or a bonus fee or something like that. I don't really like doing that. It just makes things, like, harder to get started. Whereas when you say, like, hey, the program is 2K for three months. That's just what it is. Then everything from that point is breaking it down into smaller repayments. You know what mean?
emily paige: So. And then when you break it down, do you, like, go, let's say, for doing six months, do you start off by saying, okay, well, you can do 1,500 up front, and then after that you pay 400 monthly? And then if they're still like, oh, is there anything else, then do you just go down?
Kyle Musca: Is that how you kind of run it? Yeah, it's a good question. And we'll get into all of this, especially when we cover sales. But what you want to do is, one, never offer the price breakdown first. Like, always offer just paid in full and then, like, kind of shut up and see what they say. If they ever have, like, an objection, right, don't just immediately drop the price and never just do that. Because they'll be like, all they think is, okay, well, why didn't you just offer me that first, right? And it kind of loses trust. So, you know, so for six months, it's just $3,500, right? And with that as well, don't say $3,500 or anything, just say $3,500. And say, when you say price, just say it very casually, like it's not a big deal. So for six months, it's just $3,500. There's no additional fees or charges or anything like that on top of that. The reason we say $3,500 is because $3,500 sounds like a smaller number than $3,500.
emily paige: a thousand.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's small number. And even, like, $2,000. It's just $2 Okay, right? Okay. Cool. So 3,500 for six months. Oh, that's a bit expensive. You can we break it down? Are you able to break it down? Like, yeah, I mean, to be honest, like a lot of girls just like to cover it, like, you know, straight away, just so we can focus on the task at hand, gets out of the way. But we definitely do have, like, a couple options we could look at. And, well, I guess just price aside quickly, is the program something that you, like, you actually want to do, right? Cool. Okay. So, and then I wouldn't objection to handle too hard here because I haven't actually, like, objected, objected, right? So, like, okay, cool. So, it is just a matter of, like, you know, trying to make it, like, a little bit more fitting in within the finances. Yeah, cool. Sweet. And then every time I break it down, you want to, I want to, you say, okay, cool. What I can do is I work with a billing company. kind of works like Afterpay, right? It just helps it break down into, you know, yeah, more digestible chunks so we can get started. Would that be something you'd want to look at? Yeah. Now, reason we say billing company is because we never want to be associated with payments because payments is kind of like the bad guy, right? So we want to associate as much as possible. We have a billing company. These are just their policies, right? So then I'll be like, cool, let's build their own structures. Let me just pull that up and I'll actually like look at it, pull it up and I'll like look through it, act like I'm looking at it. Cool. So, yeah, cool. So what we could do is for the six months, instead of $3,500,000, so that I'll now say $3,500,000 because I'm trying to make that seem like a bigger number, we could bring that right down to just $1,500. So it obviously makes it a lot more affordable to get started. And then the first repayment wouldn't be, we'll start on Monday. So the first repayment wouldn't be from like basically like five weeks from now. So you're pushing it off how far away that repayment is. And that would just be, yeah, that would just be $400,000 month from that point on. So it makes it super easy on cash flow. Does that sound like a little...
emily paige: A bit more reasonable to get started. Yeah, that's good.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, yeah, you really tried to, again, there's a lot of like kind of psychology that goes into that, but you've gone from $3,500 down to $1,500, and now you're shifting their attention onto how affordable $400 a month is.
emily paige: Yeah, because it makes it sound cheap.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's crazy. And then if someone covers $1,500, the odds that they're going to pull out for $400 a month after that point is very low. Yeah. So, and they're more committed clients, they're happier clients, right? They're going to get better results. But, oh, that's still a little bit expensive, you know, is there any other option? Now you need to objection handle properly, right? Because now you're getting objections. So, and then we'll get into this, but it's like, cool. Yeah, and again, price aside, like, you know, I just want to confirm, just so we're not wasting each other's time. Is the program something you actually do want to do? Yeah. Yes. Okay. So you confirm that the program is still something you want to do. Cool. And I guess... ... ... You know, on a scale of like 1 to 10, with 10 being, you know, it is, everything is perfect, exactly what you're looking for, and 1 being, you I'm a complete tickhead, and I've missed the mark, and it's, you know, nothing what you're looking for at all. I guess, where were we sitting? They would usually say 7, 8, 9. Cool. So, I mean, 7 is pretty high, I guess. Why isn't it lower? And what this does is it will shift them to, one, we're getting them away from the thought of price, and we're getting them back. It's called reframing. We're reframing them back onto the attention of how good and valuable the program is going to be for them, right? So, why isn't it lower? They'll start saying, like, oh, I just really like, you know, you, and I think the accountability is great, and I think the structure is great, and, you know, it's obviously worked for so many other girls. So, now they're telling themselves about how great the program is and why they should do it, because you can't tell them that. They have to tell themselves that. Like, cool. Okay. And I guess 7 is pretty, you know, I mean, and I guess, okay, awesome. And I guess, what do we need to do to get it to a 10? Sometimes they'll just say, like, oh, no, nothing, to be honest, like, it's great, whatever, whatever they say, no matter. Cool, okay. And I guess, so, you know, from the sounds of it, like, you actually are committed to doing the program, you want to do it. And, you know, the only thing kind of, like, stopping you from moving forward is just figuring out how to make it work financially, yeah? Yes, cool. That isolates the objection, right? Because you don't want to cut the cost, and then they come back, and they're like, I need to speak to my partner.
emily paige: Or I need to think of it.
Kyle Musca: yeah. You know what mean? So, you don't want to solve an objection, just have to have another one come up. Cool. Okay, sweet. So, it's just about finances. Yeah, cool. All right, sick. So, I guess, just, and again, you wouldn't go too hard there. So, that's called, like, phase one of the objection cycle. So, it's very casual. It's very just conversational. You don't want to seem pushy at all.
emily paige: Okay?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, what I'd like to say here is... Um... Okay, I appreciate you being honest with me. At the end of the day, you know, I just want to kind of like sit down on the same side of the table with you, figure out, you know, see if there's, you know, we can come up with a solution that works. If not, like, hey, that's life sometimes, right? So you kind of give them me out, right? So it removes all the pressure because you just said, like, if it doesn't work, it doesn't work, right? Cool. Okay, so I'm just, you know, looking at what else they could do. So, okay, so instead of 400 a month, we could just do 500. So we're probably saying it below. So we need to get that out of the way first. So instead of 400 a month, we could just do 500 a month. Again, that won't be from, like, five weeks from now, so ages away. That would actually bring it from 1,500 to get started, all the way down to just a K, right? And then you need to re-ask. Does that sound a bit more reasonable for you to get started? Yeah. Right? If you don't re-ask, like, if you don't actually just do that real This simple, like, does that sound more reasonable to get started? Where do you want to go from here? Whatever you say. They're not going to just magically pull their wallet out and, like, throw their credit card at No, they actually got to think about it. Yeah. Yeah. You just say, where do you want to go from here? Oh, yeah, I guess let's go for that. If you just said we could do, instead of 400, we could do 500 a month, and instead of 1,500, we could do a K, they'd be like, oh, okay. And then it kind of would just get awkward.
emily paige: And it just kind of left there, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but it's like, okay, instead of 1,500, could do 1,500, could do a K. Where did you want to go from here? Does that sound a bit more reasonable to get started? Would that make it easier to get started? Yes. Okay, cool. Where do you want to go from here?
emily paige: Yeah. Okay, wait, no, because that actually, like, the way that you just set that all up, you can charge these prices, because obviously it's like, oh, that front payments, but even just the way that you set it there.
Kyle Musca: And I would pay for that. Yeah. And the idea is just like, and there's so many like little, I guess, stepping stones, you can get them to an outcome. And that's why I set it up like this. So you basically just don't get off the phone. You just keep going until they say yes. And again, you go through what's known as objection cycles. So if we start off casual and then we go after like two, three, four, five, if you were really committed to it, you get really like, I guess, urgent about it. You need to add like time urgency to it. So it's like, Emily, what do you need to do right now? What decision do you need to make right now? So when you go to bed tonight, you know that you put yourself in the best possible position to lose this 10 kilos so you can finally feel more confident. So you can wear your bikini at the beach and you can go out with your friends and not feel guilty about what you're eating. You know what mean?
emily paige: A bit more like straight to the point. Yeah. And get them to think, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And around this as well, and again, we'll into all the objection cycling stuff, but like, um, One thing, especially when it's, because you've got to determine, there's so many different things with sales, you've got to determine if it's a fear-based objection or a logistics-based. So fear-based is like they just, you know, don't have enough belief in themselves or the program or whatever the case may be, right? It's more fear holding them back. Logistics is like, do they actually have the money to do it, right? So the way you handle it is two different ways. So if you've said multiple times, is the program something you want to do and it's just finances holding you back? yes. I like to just like target it head on. Like, cool. Okay. Again, just so I'm on the same page as you, I guess, do you actually have like, and, you know, if you're on this one, right? Do you actually have like, you know, a thousand dollars, you know, do you actually have a thousand dollars that you could put towards this like physically? Because yes or no, if they say yes, it's like, cool. We're already at the point you've just said you have the money. What's stopping us from moving forward? The only other thing would be fear. Yeah. You know what I mean? If they say no. It's now about, okay, how can we figure this out so it works financially? Do you have a potentially, okay, yeah, no, I don't, okay. So I guess it's more of a matter of just like, you know, trying to figure out where we're actually going to get these funds so you can make this investment to yourself, right? Okay, yeah, because at the end of that, is an investment, right? So I guess, and there's heaps of different ways. One, you'd be like, okay, and just so I'm on the same page just to see if, you know, we can work something out. Do you have, like, potentially, like, maybe even a credit card or something like that you could, like, lay down? No, yes, no, whatever. Okay, I guess, how many hours a week are you working at the moment? Would it be possible to potentially pick up a few extra shifts so you could actually make this work? Yes, no, okay. I guess, like, how many times are you eating out a week? How many times are you, like, buying drinks out on the weekend? How many times are you X, Y, Z? Okay, so you could see if we cut all that stuff out that we could actually save this money so you could get started.
emily paige: Yeah. Wow. There really is, like, a solution.
Kyle Musca: Solution for everything. Yeah, that you will have to build confidence up because when you're in the spot and everything, it's a lot easier to say it on this than it is on an actual call and everything.
emily paige: Right, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But like, you know, it does kind of get to a point where you're kind of coaching them, you know, because these people aren't good at making decisions on their own. So like how much, like for me, like how much money are you spending on like beers and stuff every single weekend? Not for me, for my clients. You know, how much money are you spending going out with your mates and getting on the piss?
emily paige: You know what mean? And I can also be like similar to girls. Yeah, as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And be like, at the end of the day, you vote with your time, your energy, your resources today for the person you want to become tomorrow. So what do you think is a better investment for you? Do you think it's continuing to spend all this money going out and getting, you know, drunk and, you know, sleeping with all these guys that you regret whatever girls do? Or do you think it's going to be, you know, investing into your health, into personal development, into becoming that better version of yourself that you want to be?
emily paige: Dig deep and you kind of hit that pain point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, at the end of the day, it's like you're just coaching and asking like actual questions that they just don't want to ask themselves.
emily paige: Yeah. And I think it'll be good as well because I have a good feeling with all the ads. Hopefully, like, you know, we get a lot of calls booked. And I think I would just be obviously learning and progressing as I go. And I don't think I really struggle too much with the confidence factor because I just, you just fake it. You just fake it till you make it pretty much. kind of my mentality with jumping on calls. I'm like, act confident about it and no one questions anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's just, yeah, exactly. So, it's confidence. You being the face of the business and stuff, I assume these girls are going to be very bought into you. So, it's just, it's confidence. And when, especially around pricing, just say casually, like, it's not a big deal. If you're uptight and tense when you say the price, it's going to put them at like, you know, make them feel uneasy.
emily paige: Feel that energy and feel and sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but if you're like, cool, man, so like we could get started, cool, we could get started, it's just going to be $35.00 for six months.
emily paige: No additional fees or charges or anything like that on top of it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. No, I'm keen, I'm actually so keen, like I just want to like, post it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that stuff's all there. Even if you want to jump on with Tommy before any calls and just roleplay with him, you can do that as well.
emily paige: up to you on that one. you do it all through Newey? What do you mean? Like the payments.
Kyle Musca: I do, I use Stripe for my one, but you can use Newey on the same.
emily paige: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so realistically, like I'm pretty sure with Newey, you can change the frequency and price. So as long as you have like, let's say, and you don't have to call them gold and Sylvie, call them whatever you want. Let's just say you have a gold monthly reoccurring package. Um, you can just send them that and then change the price afterwards.
emily paige: Yeah. Do Stripe and Newey take the same percentage?
Kyle Musca: I think Stripe takes less, but, because Newey is the front end of Stripe, but I think Newey is a little bit easier around creating payment links and stuff. Yeah. It's a much simpler format.
emily paige: Yeah. So it just be easier to stick to that.
Kyle Musca: Uh, yeah.
emily paige: Okay.
Kyle Musca: How do you do it through Macro? Cause I know Macro runs through Stripe.
emily paige: Yeah. Macro is through Stripe, but they kind of set everything up for me.
Kyle Musca: Like I just told them pricing and then they did it all. Oh, in saying that, um, Oh, actually you could still run it. Oh, you could still run it through Newey. It's completely up to you. Um, because for, for Macro, for example, for the higher ticket, you'll, and this is something I would definitely ask them about, by the way, that's we can do. So in this job form, so basically when you put that name, last name, and email in, it creates their account, but it's a zero rev share one. And then you'll need to go into Stripe and create a second subscription for it. Okay. Or vice versa, you just do this and have their account attached to Stripe, but you create, you send them a payment link through Nui.
emily paige: Okay, so wait, one thing that I do need to do, though, is do you reckon I stick to kahunas, or should I get everything onto macro?
Kyle Musca: It's completely up to you, really, whatever you feel you would rather do. Macro is nice and automated, but completely up to you.
emily paige: Yeah, I think I've already gotten so used to the kahunas, to the point where, like, right now, that's easy for me to kind of figure out. But with that being said, Macro... Macro does have all the automations, which in the long term will make it a lot easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I guess the pros and cons are, yeah, Macro is more automated, but usually Kahunas and TrainerEyes and stuff like that are like more, I guess, detailed for the client. Yeah. Does Kahunas have like a, how do they track their food stuff through Kahunas?
emily paige: See, like they don't, they get a meal plan.
Kyle Musca: How do you know if they're following it on?
emily paige: When I do my check-ins with them, weekly.
Kyle Musca: Can you see the actual tracking though?
emily paige: Yeah. So they can track it in and just put in their macros and then that's up. But it would be a lot easier if they could, because isn't Macro connected to MyFitnessPal as well?
Kyle Musca: To a degree. So, mean, if that's the case, then actually, to be fair, I'd probably almost use Macro. Yeah. It's pretty similar. Because one, they can track it. In the app, through the actual diet trackers and stuff like that. I don't know where the food trackers have gone. I don't seem to pop up for me now. I have food already. So they can't track either by... The only issue is I don't like is that, like, I don't want them seeing, you know, their meal plan and them coming in and, like, they just weigh it very poorly. Like, they don't actually weigh things properly. then they go, it's chicken breast, cool. So they have the SMART ad, which they said chicken breast, but it could be completely wrong. Dine-out options are really cool.
emily paige: like them.
Kyle Musca: Save meals. This is basically what sounds like kahunas. They come in and they create... They create their own save meal and add calories and macros in there.
emily paige: And then they're going going going going to to They're Yeah. And then this is how they do it.
Kyle Musca: So they create new and then it comes to save me. That's that option. The other option is if they can go into their account, I'm pretty sure it's a progress data. Yeah, and you can connect to MyFitness Diary. So when you're coming to do a check-in, you can come in the back end here. And it will open up their actual MyFitness so you can see.
emily paige: But they've been tracking and logging.
Kyle Musca: Right. Yeah. But more like this is actually their MyFitness power.
emily paige: So if they track through MyFitness power, this is where it will appear for them. Right. Okay. Even what I might do is for now keep it on Kahuna's just so that I can like get into it straight away. Right. And set up macro with them, like jump in a pool and set it up with them. And worst case, I can just convert people onto macro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, the setup, because you've already got it pretty much set up, don't you?
emily paige: Well, I've got it set up for the app, like just for everyone, but not my own one-to-one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, it's pretty much the exact same. So, what I just do, so one is you're just, the biggest thing is just the payment thing, but they should just send you this form to fill out. And then the other thing is just clients. I just give them, like at the end of the name, I just give them a little client code. So, wait, I can go in here and just be like, that's not what I'm meant to do. Like, let's say you check-ins for S-Boss.
emily paige: Yeah, I remember you showing me that.
Kyle Musca: It makes it so easier. The other thing is the actual product plan. So, it's like you could have, you know, VIP, custom training, nutrition, and then all your clients that are on that. Payment plan should come up, so you can also filter them that way.
emily paige: Yeah, I think I need to just get them onto macro.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you don't want to kind of, if you're going to eventually do it. And the other thing is macro is now working towards adding more and more personalization with time. It's for one-to-one stuff. So the thing I wouldn't recommend because it would just create another headache eventually is like starting on Kahuna's, building up client base there, and then transitioning over because you'll lose people from doing that.
emily paige: Okay, so maybe I'll just book in a call now for as soon as possible with one of the girls from macro that I work with and I can just tell her that I want to get the one-to-one on there and then also figure out that pricing because I don't want them taking 30% of that. So like, yeah, kind of figure that out.
Kyle Musca: So the JotForm thing, they're like, creates obviously a macro account. Yeah. But that is $6 a month per customer. Right. So it's obviously a lot more affordable.
emily paige: Yeah, okay, see, that's already so much better. So I can kind of say that to them anyways, that I'm already aware of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just say like, you work with me to help grow your job. And then, yeah.
emily paige: Okay, so what I'm going to do now is I'm going to book in a call with her and just kind of get that started. And then whenever you send me through what I need to write on those stories, I'll get them done. And then do you just want me to put them in a Google Drive and send that through to you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just a Google Drive and then just do graphics and then a graphics fold. And then in that folder, just do October, October 25, and then just chuck them all in there. Okay, easy.
emily paige: I can do that.
Kyle Musca: And then let me just see. Yeah, I've already got your client avatar and stuff, so I can just get straight into them. And I'll try and get them back. And what I'll also do is I'll create a group chat here on WhatsApp with Michael, my happy guy. And have you got a ManyChat account?
emily paige: I think I do because I tried to start it, but I couldn't connect it. So even if you have the link to that, so I can do that now and set it up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So one, you'll just need, all you'll need to do for that is like, yeah, literally just create the, make sure the ManyChat account is there and then go to team members and setting and then just send us a link and we'll join.
emily paige: And then he'll add the flow and he'll add the cap. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Into your Meta account so you can connect it to Meta.
emily paige: Yeah. So you're already on the Meta account, right?
Kyle Musca: I'm already on the Meta account, yeah.
emily paige: Okay. So I just add him and his details.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, his email. And then I'll set you up with Klamay as well. And I'll basically just send a bunch of resources. Yeah, that's, I'm so keen.
emily paige: No, honestly, I'm so like, this is. It's the best timing to do it because not only, obviously, the traction pro show is good, and I've got a lot of inquiries for the coaching that I've been responding to, and that's me not posting anything. So I think that it's going to be really good, and especially now that I've got energy, I'm like, just get me doing something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no, absolutely. And then last thing as well is try and definitely make, if you've got a lot of inquiries coming through, try and definitely get them on some calls and even start planning a script and everything like that. Because they're going to be your hottest leads possible, so they should be easier sales. Yeah. And then the other thing is for Clement, I'd recommend getting her in your account for roughly about six hours a week, sorry, six hours a day just to start. I'm pretty sure it's about five USD per hour. And then she does, like, I think, 50 USD commission for sale, only sales. And then just have her in from key time. So I usually go from, 8am to 10am, 12 to 2pm, and then like 6 to 8pm, for example. So when people are usually on their phones. Do you have Calendly?
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just shout to her about it. Make sure that she understands. She's got the link, and then you'll need to add her to your Calendly account because we'll get them manually booking them in. So it's like...
emily paige: So she does that as well. She can book them all in Calendly.
Kyle Musca: Yes, she'll book them all in for you. So have the whole conversation.
emily paige: All you do is just show up and take the call. Okay. Oh, my gosh.
Kyle Musca: That'd be so good. Yeah. So it'll be this initial part where we just like it cries a little bit of work to get it all set up. And then once it's set up, it should be pretty smooth sailing from there.
emily paige: Yeah, no, easy. I'm so keen to just do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Cool. All Well, I'll get to work on that now. I'll go create the group chats and stuff with Michael and introduce you to Clamay as well. Yeah. All She's세요. Yeah. And then just mainly get them set up, chat to them, get them set up, and then everything else should be sweet.
emily paige: Okay, amazing. Oh, I'm so keen.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we could. Yeah, this is a much quicker turnaround, so I'm keen to run this over the challenge, to be honest.
emily paige: No, same. I feel like the challenge would be a bit tedious, but I think this has worked out even better, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Perfect. Cool. Any questions on any of that stuff at all?
emily paige: No. I think we've pretty much covered, like, everything. It's now just about, obviously, me booking in that call with Macro. Like, do I really need to book in a call with?
Kyle Musca: Well, yeah, I do, because I need to set that up with them.
emily paige: So I'll do that now, and then, yeah, pretty much just, like, get those photos through, because that'll take me not long at all. Like, I can do that by the end of the day, if you're not busy to, like, send through those things.
Kyle Musca: And then. I'll do a couple more calls, but I will try and get them done today. I do what it looks looks looks like. ASAP. So with that as well, just try and make sure they all look different. So different fonts, different colors.
emily paige: Yeah. Different photos for every single one as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And then try it, you know, and try and make it like mimic what the text is about. So if it's talking about like beach and bikini and stuff, obviously try and use a beach bikini photo.
emily paige: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Easy. I think that's pretty much everything.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Perfect. Awesome.
emily paige: I'm pretty.
Kyle Musca: Would you want to jump on with Tommy before you take your sales call?
emily paige: Yeah. That'd probably be good to do.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Perfect. All right. Well, I'll send you a credit group chat with Tommy, Klamay, and Michael.
emily paige: Okay. Yeah. Amazing.
Kyle Musca: Tommy's the sales guy, right?
emily paige: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Amazing. Are you in Dubai right now, by the way?
Kyle Musca: I am in Dubai.
emily paige: Yeah. How's that? That's crazy. I saw that on your story and Brie's story and I was like, like, what? That was so, you guys really kept that under wraps. I knew. I realised you were going to Dubai.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, it's a lot cooler than I thought it would be, to be honest. I was like, we'll just set up a place to move around, but it is actually very sick over here.
emily paige: That's so good. I know, I'm so glad.
Kyle Musca: Have you, like, moved there officially, or is it just? We're in the process of transitioning everything over. I've to come back for November for my brother's wedding, and then probably, yeah, probably do it after that.
emily paige: Gosh, that's huge. No, that's so exciting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, it's definitely cool. I would definitely recommend checking out. It's a lot cooler than I thought it would be, to be honest.
emily paige: Yeah, see, that's so good. That's so good that it, like, beat your expectations. Because I know Sage was saying that he wants to go over to Dubai as well, and I was like, oh, my gosh. Yeah. Maybe that's huge.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've been telling him, I was like, I reckon once you're here, you won't want to go back.
emily paige: Yeah, really?
Kyle Musca: Isn't it that good? Yeah, like, the food is way better, and it's, like, more affordable in Australia.
emily paige: It's a lot more affordable in Australia. a lot It's Thank
Kyle Musca: Really? Yeah. And that's not even including no tax on the top.
emily paige: Oh, okay. Well, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That definitely does help as well. Yeah. But, mean, even just, like, actual food and stuff like cars are a lot cheaper, fuel's a lot cheaper.
emily paige: And it's really safe, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, really safe. And everything's really clean. Like, they just clean everything all the time. Like, you'll go to the gas station and they'll fill up the fuel for you and, like, clean your windscreens and stuff for you.
emily paige: You just sit and calm. No way. That is so, that's so bougie.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, I mean, you definitely can spend the money. But, like, even we went out to a dinner and it was, like, a full, like, slow-cooked smoked beef place or whatever. Like, really nice, fine dining. And you get, like, we got, like, almost a kilo of, like, lamb rib things for, like, 200 bucks. And it was, like, unlimited refills on all the sides and the sauces and stuff. And they give you, like, all these sides and all, like, crazy.
emily paige: Whereabouts in Dubai?
Kyle Musca: Whereabouts in Whereabouts in in Whereabouts in Whereabouts Dubai? I was in JBR, so if you come to Dubai, heads up, it looks kind of close on the map, but things aren't that close.
emily paige: Really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so definitely check out the drive times from where you're staying to the beachy areas. Yeah. It's pretty bad as well. But no, it's definitely, definitely livable.
emily paige: No, it's so exciting. Oh my gosh, I'm excited. That's like a full new era for you now.
Kyle Musca: That's really, like, it's crazy how quickly everything's grown. Yeah, 100%. So, just keep chipping away, and yeah, we'll get this stuff sorted for you as well, and maybe you'll be looking at doing the same.
emily paige: We all end up in Dubai, like all of your freaking business clients.
Kyle Musca: We'll cut it. Yeah, I mean, maybe. Cool. All right, well, I got that stuff now, and I'll create the group of chats and stuff before I get caught up on that, and then I'll try and get the captions done, hopefully, by today.
emily paige: Yeah, if not, no stress. Yeah. Let me know and it's fine. If it's tomorrow, it's all good.
Kyle Musca: I'll get the photo sorted regardless. Yeah, okay, perfect. Awesome. All right, any questions, just let me know.
emily paige: Otherwise, yeah, Keen has to rip it in. Yeah, same. Okay, thank you so much. I actually cannot wait. I'm so excited. Yeah, no worries. Same. Cool. All right, well, enjoy the rest of the day. I'll chat to you soon. Yeah, see ya. Bye. See ya. Bye.


>>> 208/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-09T06:49:31Z | id:92925229
People: Kyle Musca

alexconnors: This meeting is being recorded. Look at this. We are moving houses like.
Kyle Musca: Oh, fun. Yeah.
alexconnors: Every moment that I'm not working, I'm like, pack this, this, pack this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool.
alexconnors: Is Alex jumping on with us or is he just? Yeah, yeah. He's just coming. Won't be too long. Perfect. Won't too long.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. Okay. Well, we'll rip into your stuff. How has this week gone for you so far?
alexconnors: Yeah, good. That's so much better since you went and did that. Fathom with the DMs, so much better. Such a difference, such a difference. Like there was maybe one that I was like, ooh, no, like someone said their husband died and then she replied nice and said, so do you want to have a chat? And I was like, oh, my God, maybe not, maybe not yet, maybe not yet. But other than that, it's been like so much better, really, really good. So, yeah, which is good. She's definitely like getting a lot closer, getting bookings in terms of it's like, can you do it this time or this time, just waiting to hear back. So there's a lot of potential.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Yeah, perfect. Yeah, because when was reading through, I was like, these conversations are actually like good quality. They all seem like terms of work and everything. Yeah. Because it was just, she was following the script and I think what she told the setter to do was just like try and follow the script. As close as possible to not.
alexconnors: Issue is, like, these women are dealing with, you know, pain and all that around them. Yeah, absolutely. Or even if someone's like, I'm a, I saw it was like, I'm a police officer and it's like, okay, do you want me to call? You know, it's just like weird, like, you think you might be like, oh, that must stressful, da-da-da, hey, are interested? Not like, cool. Yeah, so hopefully that pulls through for us. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, because, again, every time I look at your ads and everything, they just, like, look really healthy from a, leads perspective. Yeah. Tell them what the 's going on there. That's why it's good to track, like, numbers and stuff like that because we kind of see, marketing seems to be fine. Like, a hiccup between, you know, they're coming in through the message but not getting on the call. What's happening in that period that's  things up for us.
alexconnors: I do have two questions. Yeah. One, heaps of people are just, like, adamant, like, I'm not going to get on a call until I know a price. Like, would you still not give them a flat and just continue with just saying, like, how long is a string kind of thing? I just feel like people are like, just give me the number straight up.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, it's not that simple. Yeah. So anytime they ask, they're like, yeah, look, I completely understand. I don't want to, like, you know, give you a number and completely sort of miss the mark on what it is you're going to actually need and the care and everything is that you're going to need. You completely misquote you either over or under, you know, and that's why we do the call. It's, I'm not going to, you know, and then you kind of come from the angle of like, you know.
alexconnors: I'm not going to sell to you or something, but like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's not a high-pressure sales call type thing. I just want to get an understanding of actually where you're at to see if I can even help you in the first place.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, cool. I find that works really well with women if it's like, it's always like absolutely. No pressure. I'm not even going to sell to you. Then you end up selling them. I just feel like everyone's scared to be on the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sales is always like the angle. You can have a million different ways to  approach sales. The way I like to approach it is like, I don't really give a  whether you do this or not. It's for you. It's your life. I'm just here to give you the information. If that's what you want to do, fantastic. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
alexconnors: Cool. My next question.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I've lost it in that as well. Maybe, you know, if Klamet says the first thing of like, you know, it's custom built XYZ, and they say like, I'm not getting on a call without seeing price, maybe even get her to tell you that so you can come on and do a voice note and kind of say basically what we did then.
alexconnors: I've been monitoring them. He said I've got a couple of voice notes. Like someone said, 1PT charged out front, won't give her a refund. And I was just like, oh my God, I'm so sorry. Like in a voice note, you know, that's really  that happened. Might ask who it is if you don't mind. Like, just, like, trying to use my voice and get to know it a bit more. Yeah. So that's good because I just kind of see them come up and then obviously there's the hours where she's not in there and I'm like, if anything's urgent, I'm just going to get in and reply to it pretty quickly, especially if it's, like, a booking or something. So, yeah. I just keep, honestly, I'm just reading them all at the moment just to make sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that's what you kind of should do is just read them, reply if you can, like, you know, obviously, speak, lead is best. But, yeah, send her anything that you're not a fan of. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
alexconnors: Because there's, like, even sometimes I'm used to, like, my clients sometimes might just send me a meme or something, like, not that I care about it, but, you know, give me some, like, oh, that looks really rude if I just open it and don't even like it or something, you know.
Kyle Musca: You can turn read receipts off on your account if you want.
alexconnors: Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, so you just go into settings and then I think it's, like, messaging settings and you can turn read receipts Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's a good
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: Yeah. The next question, I had a booking and she got confused that she thought it was a phone call, not a thing, chat, which is fine. And she's like, I only want to talk on the phone. I just, I replied and said, Hey, yeah, no worries. I like to just get a bit more of a connection and understanding and meet all my, you know, meet everyone face to face. That way, you know, I'm real. I'm not a robot or, you know what I mean? So would you respond that way?
Kyle Musca: So what I'd say in those instances, can we just do a phone call? Just be like, yeah, like the reason I use Google Meet is because it just kind of like records everything. Like you, I don't know if you'd said record, but like it takes really in-depth notes of our conversation. So that way, if we do decide to move forward, I can reflect on that to make sure that everything is really custom built for you. Like you can just join it and treat it like a phone call. Like if you don't, if you really don't want to have the camera on, that's absolutely. Fine. It just allows me to actually, like, you know, make sure that I've got everything down, like, nailed for you if we want to move forward.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. Sweet.
alexconnors: Yeah, because I was like, I just like to connect with, I mean, I do it with my clients, too. It's like, you can't be scared of me. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If they really want to get on a phone call, then you can just do a phone call, but.
alexconnors: Yeah, that's what I thought. I was like, I'll just do this one, but I was like, I just hate from the start if they're, like, not following you. Or things, you know, like, is that a red flag?
Kyle Musca: I don't know. Probably, to be honest.
alexconnors: Yeah, well, I'll just do it. Like, I have nothing to lose by doing it, honestly, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So. Perfect. Okay, well, I'm stoked to hear that you've already noticed an improvement with Clemet's responses and everything like that.
alexconnors: Different.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Is there any issues you guys are specifically struggling with this week at all you want to cover?
alexconnors: No. I'm mean if you have to. No, no, no. We've just had a bit of a, not a  week, but we've just had a lot of other stuff going on, obviously. Sorry to a few people. I'm still getting a fair bit of organic inquiry, especially after being down at that contest on the weekend. There's a fair bit of active chats in my box. It's actually been pretty cool, man. I've actually got, we've actually had quite a few females that are going to be really easy for me to divert straight to Tash as well. I've got a, looks like I'll have a call this evening with a girl that I'm literally booking a call at the moment that I'll put across to Tash. had a girl last night that literally just did not have the cash at this point in time, but I know she will. I'm pretty confident she'll sign on. Yeah. Plus a few was good. I was listening. Yeah. It wasn't like a question. It was just like, yeah, Tash takes care of the girls. Da, da, da, da, da. Like, you know what I mean? Which is good. It's probably a team environment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: Pat messaged me today. I haven't replied yet. Oh, I haven't heard that yet either. And he was asking about clients and stuff. And I was just like, oh, I'll ask Kyle how to reply. Did you want to maybe pull him up with that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he's pretty stacked on my end. I'll have a chat with him and everything like that. Yeah. Yeah, I'll have a chat with him. Are you going to look at getting that other guy on?
alexconnors: Or are you just kidding?
Kyle Musca: He's probably a struggling post-show.
alexconnors: But I have, like, remember the guy I said  no to last week? Yeah. He's actually presented a lot more interest. He's like, he's literally like, I'll do it for that. Because we said we can't pay you much. You know what I mean? This is what, whatever. He's like, you can take a cut of my current clients. If I just get to be part of your team.
Kyle Musca: We're like, oh. He's one that looks really young.
alexconnors: Nah.
Kyle Musca: He's older guy.
alexconnors: I don't know if you've seen the guy that I've posted quite a few times as a competitor. He's a men's physique dude, covered in tattoos, looks a bit rough around the edges. He's actually part Aboriginal, but doesn't speak like  rougher's guts, but he's had a rough upbringing. He has more life experience. He's got good life experience. And I think he'd be able to connect with, let's call it a spade, a spade man. Like I do tend to get, you know, a lot of tradies. I do get some professional guys, but I get a lot of  drug dealers and real rough guys. Do you know what mean? Yeah, it is true. Thankfully, like, yeah, thankfully I've worked in sales my whole life. So I can sort of switch. I can talk to anyone, but those types of guys, I think he would handle really well. You know what I mean? Whereas like the young guy, he would just have no idea. Oh, he'd  a bed. You don't want my speech. If they started to get emotional at him because they weren't seeing a result or they were getting frustrated, he'd almost cry, you know what I mean? I still think that he's someone we can mould. But I think it's a little while away. I think it's a little while away. And I think, like, I mean, I don't think it's something we need to be talking about at this point in time, but have you showed Kyle our low-ticket stuff as well? No, not yet. I don't know what you feel, what your thoughts are on a, like, a drop-down just to, you know, like, if we're not going to get anything with anyone, is to have, like, a real low drop-down, you know? Yeah, we have that, but we don't need to pay anyone to run it. That's the point. Yeah, but then what I'm saying is they could pay an additional fee to have Kelby do, like, a little check-in for them each week. And that could be his start, you know?
Kyle Musca: You could, the issue is, like, you start to get too many offers there. Like, I would only have that as, like... Be great. Like, yeah, you've ejected your hand like a  and you're just not going to get anything out of them. So it's like, I do have this option, you know, if that's what you want, type of thing.
alexconnors: That's what I do. Like, it's just like his workouts and it has a monthly recipe book, like, whatever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, at the same time, though, I'd also say like, you know, if you're going to have something like that, it should be like kind of passive when you throw a coach in there, then you've got to kind of, I guess, monitor them and pay them and stuff. So it's like, here's a program, like, just  off.
alexconnors: Absolutely. And it's fully automated, like, from something to everything, so, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, perfect. And then how are your check-ins going now? They're still consistently pretty quick?
alexconnors: I think they're going heat sped up. Well, what's your, as an outsider, looking in, what do you think? I'm still not. I'm still Still not running as per my schedule, but I know that I'm much faster. All I need to do, biggest issue this week, man, has been that I've just had no schedule because I've been so  tired after the weekend. I actually got a collective, like from Friday through to Sunday, I got a collective of about  six hours sleep. So I've been trying to catch up that sleep all  week, using way too many of my  Dexies to try and keep myself alert and awake. And just sort of working, napping, know. I've trained once, bro, you know what So, like, that's why it's not worrying. If I've only trained once, like, I'm doing it tough. I think next one would be awesome, like, if I can get a proper sleep in at the end of this week, once everything calms down a little bit, then I'll be able to be like, right, okay, this is my set schedule. And I can start, like, literally, I'm just going to start hitting a timer for, like, once I start to check in, okay, how long has it taken me to do this person? And you try and, like, knock them into, like, a... As you said, 15, 20 minutes max sort of period.
Kyle Musca: Honestly, you might even want to like try just sit down and then like before looking at all their, I guess, even progress and stuff like that, all their data, just start the check-in and just  do it on the fly.
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, because like.
alexconnors: The biggest, the ones that I've noticed this week that have taken me the most amount of time, and sadly, I've had a few of them, is like when I get to a period where I've got to do like a blood work review. And that's, that , like depending on what's  out, you know, if they've got like a, someone might have an acne issue as well, or, you know, their bloods just don't line up with what drugs they're supposed to be taking. So I have to try and figure out, you know, like they're obviously using bunk gear. What gear is it? That sort of 's like, that's the annoying thing is I can have 20 minutes mapped out for the check-in and the check-in will only take that long. Or less. less. But I might have to do 20, 30, 40 minutes of  research to try and get to the bottom of like what that problem is. And that's the  that I suppose that's how I can justify I spend more, I charge more money, but it's also the frustrating thing in that like sometimes my check-ins aren't going to run for, you know, that 15, 20-minute period regardless because I've got to try and troubleshoot and, you know, get to the bottom of a certain issue. Yeah, but that's not every week. But it's definitely not every week, no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if that's like a, you know, rarer occasion, that's not like...
alexconnors: It's just that I've started a few guys all at once and their blood works will come back at the sort of the same time. So it's like, I've got to do this, I've got to do this for all of them, you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How much are charging for those guys?
alexconnors: The cheapest, the cheapest that like that type of guy will be is like 160, 160 to 190.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. That's pretty right. Yeah. Yeah. pretty worth it.
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah. Again, as long as it's a rarer thing, that's, it's fine. So it's just not every week, but I would just, yeah, it'll probably take some time as well, but I would just try and get in the habit of just sit down and just like  go through the check-in and just like gun sling it type thing.
alexconnors: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's exactly what I've actually started to do on quite a few of them now, man. Some are easy. Some are like, cause for us, our meal plans, like manually changing it. It might just be like, they want to change it. doesn't take long, but like, it'd be like setting that. For me, I can get four or five done in an hour. Sometimes just depends on who they are and how easy they are. Some need like a 15 minute loom rarely, but most of the time it's like, and I find like that's a good amount of time.
Kyle Musca: The other, the other thing there is like, I always find even just like messaging clients and stuff. If you, if you do get caught up on something, just ask a question, you know what mean? Just be like, if you're not sure about it, just be Yeah. Can you message me about this? And we'll have like a little bit of a chat and like, we'll dive into a little bit deeper and then just like onto the next thing. Yeah.
alexconnors: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: And that will probably help you as well. So instead of like you having to sit down and try and  dissect every little thing about, you know, what's happening, they can just sort of like message you and get straight to the point about it after when you've got time to sort of like map it out a little bit more.
alexconnors: Yeah. Like today, one of my clients, she's like, sore knees and da, da, da. And I was like, instead of changing all your program, I'm just like, where's it hurt? Da, da, da. Like answer this after my check-in and then I can make changes if I need to.
Kyle Musca: Send me a video of your execution.
alexconnors: Yeah. Literally just send me, can you send me a form?
Kyle Musca: Can you let me know, you know, what specific exercises are kind of like  it off? Yeah. Send me that stuff. We can have a chat and dive into it a little bit deeper and then you just keep going on a day.
alexconnors: Day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I don't get back to you at that point. Like you did check-in and I just didn't watch it. That's it.
alexconnors: Yeah. Yeah, I feel like this week it's not, it's like more of our fault that we've just had a lot of stuff going on. He's been tired, I've been packing, but still moving in the right direction, you know, we're still getting bookings, we're still better than we were. I was pretty proud of that. Man, when I signed that dude up on Saturday, I felt like going into that call, I like, I can hardly string a sentence together. I was off the, I  up my flight, so I didn't realise how early I needed to be up. And I literally had flat out two hours sleep. And then I thought, oh, that's all right, I'll get to Sydney early and I'll be able to check in and just have a nap. I couldn't, couldn't get into my apartment until two o'clock either. And the  phone call was at 2.30 and I'm like, oh, this is going to be wild. And then trying to work out how to do the split payments. And I was like, oh, this is  too hard. I'm just going to like, I'm to charge two grand now. And then three. Lots of  $2,300 or whatever it worked out at. Once a month, yeah. Hopefully that works. And yeah, that's going to be 12 months. Then the issue is at the end of the 12 months is trying to get that to flip over again, right? Nah, it's fine.
Kyle Musca: I mean, even in that situation, like I would just pull up chat with Bittay and be like, this is how it is.
alexconnors: He's going to pay this much. And then I want  weekly payments from that point onwards.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Oh, yeah, fair.
alexconnors: Yeah. Love chatting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just  feed that thing everything.
alexconnors: He wanted to pay lump sums anyway because he was running it through the business and he just wanted to use his Amex.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yes. Anyone like that as well. You can always say like, I'm not a financial advisor, but go speak to your accountant because I know a lot of guys can claim it on tax.
alexconnors: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. We have a couple of those.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: You won't, aren't they?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So how has the videographer gone there? Like, what's the update? I know we spoke about it a little bit yesterday, I think, but I don't know what's happened there.
alexconnors: Wait. It is so over him. It's not funny. I haven't even seen him yet. Alex roasted him. He's just, he's like, I'm just happy to watch him. He's such a beta , man. He just  apologizes. He just has a million excuses. He's like, oh, they were uploading on the drive. And then I must have left them and they didn't upload. And I'll be like, well, can you upload them now? Like, I need them. I needed them like two weeks ago. Like, where are they? And he's like, oh, are they not showing for you? Like, you know, just a million excuses. This is, I'm like, I'm not dumb. Yeah. You're unorganized. Get your  together. And then Alex was nice and just said, I understand. I'm ADHD too, blah, blah, But still. I tried to smooth him over and just get him to  get it done. But no, I'm just done with it. I just don't care. Like, write it off. I think he ends. Okay. So what do we need from him at the moment? The rest of the ads. Well, you haven't recorded them. I haven't recorded those ads. So I can do that with him this weekend. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did you? Did you prompt the idea of a refund to him?
alexconnors: No. No, I haven't done that. But I'll  poke him right in the eyes with that on Saturday. Yeah. I mean, if you've got too much going on, I think, you know, let's just, you know, let's just  call it for this month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. All good, man. Like, I haven't received anything. It's just because I don't even think if this has been going on for a couple of weeks now.
alexconnors: So, like, did you even get, you know, out of September what you paid for? Yeah, I guess. I mean, a deal was, like, three posts a week, really. Like, so, yeah, I guess technically.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it's just, did Vy ever end up messaging you at all?
alexconnors: Did you reply? To Vy? I don't know your messaging. I don't think we messaged. I thought you would.
Kyle Musca: I was having a chat to him.
alexconnors: He was going to send you a message after work yesterday.
Kyle Musca: I think he's going to do the action. That's just for free, just for the first one, just to see the difference in quality. And then, yeah, that should be pretty good for his. But even his content, even for, I'm doing one for Jake yesterday, but he'll pump out a lot more than three a week.
alexconnors: Yeah, it's just weird. Like, we record it once a week, but then we do three a week, but we would film at least, like, ten. Yeah, six, seven, eight.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, like, you don't want to do that because you get way behind. Like, I had that issue with me because I would film so much at times. And by the time my editor got back to me, it'd be like, I've filmed  eight and he's only got four back to me. And then, like, as months go on, it's great to have a backlog, don't get me wrong. But then again, I was putting things in , I think, April or something that I filmed in November. I'm like, I don't even remember doing this.
alexconnors: I just feel like he forgets about it, like, because he doesn't give it to us, right? Like... It just, where is it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but that's just not good enough. I mean, for example, like this is the quality of Jake's stuff, but when he was doing it. Why aren't too many people are asking me whether or not it's okay to consume carbohydrates before training? Yeah, not really that special. And then doing it, this is V helping him. Going off track over the weekend, what do you tell them? To be honest,  happens. That's what I tell them. At the end of the day, as a coach, it's your job to get people back on track, right? If I sit there and ridicule you about the decisions you've made, you think you want to get back on playing straight away? You think you're going to make enough couple of days, have some more chocolate, dig yourself in a deeper grave, know? happens, it's life, right? Like, you can't. So, I mean, I'm not even a huge fan of, like, that style of content, but just in terms of the quality difference.
alexconnors: Absolutely, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Looks mad. And, like, he'll sit down. He doesn't count as well. He'll sit down and film, like, , I think they get, like, between, like, 16 to 20 down in a session. Yeah, that's awesome.
alexconnors: Not really, like, time-specific. Fix things like those kind of ones if you did 16 in a row and just used them and then did other stuff in the... Hey, Kyle, do you reckon it's worth me messaging  dipshit and saying, hey, bro, can you upload all of the content that we have videoed over the last 30 months?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could do. And then you could just get, like, I've got my video group for, sorry, not video, for editor.
alexconnors: Well, at least I can then as well be like, bro, like, there's , like, 20 videos here that we haven't used.
Kyle Musca: What's going on with them? Yeah.
alexconnors: It makes it really easy for me to be like, dude, you're just not delivering. And, like, why are working every week, week on week on week, which is fine, but, like, why are we doing that when we have backlog of, like, 40?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. No, I definitely would. Even just so you have the raw footage because then you can just send off to a new video editor. And if that's what you wanted to do and they'll just  get it done and do it all for you.
alexconnors: Even some video stuff, like, I think would be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and I think you guys should, like, get into, you even for you, Alex, like, I'd come over to Calum's stuff and start looking at his content, because his content's really picked up a lot over the last couple of months, and, like, he does pretty simple .
alexconnors: Yeah, doesn't have to be hard.
Kyle Musca: Doesn't have to be. The voiceovers are really good. think try and get into some of them. Okay. I know. I've done one recently. Oh, yeah, this is the other stealth content as well. I was talking to him about doing this. Just the simple reaction stuff. Sorry, not reaction stuff, the transformation, trendy sound . Yeah.
alexconnors: You guys will look crazy. Yeah, We should be out before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, exactly. So, you know what I definitely, definitely reckon that would go pretty hard. You don't build your hamstring from . Yeah, so, voiceovers, I think, voiceovers are really  good, because they're really, really easy. Um. So in terms of like being educational, but like still being able to show off your physique and get a point across. So like realistically you could, I mean, I don't know if I still have, I don't know where it is actually, but I got, I remember, oh yeah, nice.
alexconnors: Yeah, you could definitely use that.
Kyle Musca: Like I remember getting a microphone off Amazon that I could just plug straight into my Mac and just sitting down and be like, you know, whatever, if you want to maximize hamstring, like as Callum's doing, if you want to maximize hamstring growth, there's three main movements you need to focus on, you know what mean? And then you just like  do normal and you can just pump them out.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Very muffled. don't know what happened with the audio. Keep extension and deflection. You need to work them in both the shortened and lengthened position.
alexconnors: that's exactly what these are. know, Jim will not let us record at it. That's the worst bit. What's that, sir? And our gym will not let, like, tripods at all.
Kyle Musca: So annoying.
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that is a bit annoying.
alexconnors: Yeah, especially when you want to do something like, like even for one of my clients the other day, I was like, I just want to do a freaking RDL video. And they're so onto it. I don't know if we can just go elsewhere and do content or something.
Kyle Musca: Where do you, where are guys based now?
alexconnors: We're Ashmore. We're currently at Main Beach and we'll be moving to, like, Broad Beach area. Oh, yeah. So, yeah, I don't know. Do you know if you've read that's okay to record?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just try and look for, like, a private gym, to be honest. So, like, Zone's good, but Zone's, like, I think it's, like, 100 bucks a week. But that's, I liked it because it was a full studio. You could go in there, , there's only ever two or three other people in there and you can, like, film whatever you want whenever you wanted. And then you also get access to the It's still $100 a week, though. The other one is Nexus would let you do that as well, I'm pretty sure.
alexconnors: And I think Nexus is like $35. Where are they at now? I know Will and Mickey.
Kyle Musca: Unless they've moved.
alexconnors: They're in Burley. Burley, yeah, okay. I know they did move.
Kyle Musca: I think that's where the new ones are Burley anyway. Yeah, so I went there a lot this time.
alexconnors: , we wanted them. Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: When I went there last time, it was kind of in behind, where was it? I think it's like kind of where Telebudger and Burley, like that back industrial area is.
alexconnors: Yeah, I think it might have moved from there. That's right, I can find out where it is because I'm pretty sure Ollie train's there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like I know, I'm pretty sure you can just go in there and film and stuff. I don't think they care.
alexconnors: Yeah. It's so annoying at worlds. It's like we can have our freaking videographer there, but we can't just. Record.
Kyle Musca: They're so onto it.
alexconnors: I just want to see them as well. I want to see them for all those roles.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. I think private gym just doesn't have a good private gym or something like that just to use.
alexconnors: You're over in Dubai. You're making all the big bucks. Just  build us a little commercial gym, bro.
Kyle Musca: Gyms don't make enough money. Okay.
alexconnors: We don't want a commercial one, sorry. We just want like, you know, just a little private one.
Kyle Musca: Just, you know, fully cocked out with all the best equipment. Yeah. Kate asked me to go in on his own.
alexconnors: I was like, , no. Yeah, no way.
Kyle Musca: Who asked you?
alexconnors: Kate to go in on his own with I think I know. They just did that wrong, hey?
Kyle Musca: They just, they didn't get the right equipment. Well, they got all the equipment for free because of through the, like they said, they can use it as like a. Warehouse? Warehouse.
alexconnors: Showroom time thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: That's fine. What brand is it?
Kyle Musca: There's a force. USA type thing. A lot of it's pretty decent. There's just a few things that I'm not a huge fan of, but a lot of it's quite good. The hack squat's great. Smith machines are great. Dumbbells are good. They go up to 50 kilos. Leg curls and stuff's great. There's just one  chest-pressed shoulder-pressed machine that goes out, which I'm not a fan of, but Coburn loves it. I think if you've got probably a bigger frame, you'll be all right.
alexconnors: Oh, yeah. feel like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah. That's the problem with those GM80 machines for me. They're all too narrow.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, but that makes it heaps easier just to film because you just go in there with, like, I remember going in there sometimes like six o'clock at night if I just had a  idea to film something and I would just quickly  get it done.
alexconnors: There's like no one in there. What do they charge per week?
Kyle Musca: You said 100.
alexconnors: I think it's own.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you get the recovery as well. And, you know, because it is a studio, you can write it off and get tax.
alexconnors: Absolutely, yeah. Because I was talking to Alex because... Where we are right now, it's just such an old house, and there's construction on either side every day, and I'm just like, I can't record in here, I can't think, I can't go outside and do it, I'm just like, every time I go to do it, I'm like, oh, I can't. And then I was like, maybe if I just commit to, like, I found this little even studio that has, it's not a gym, but it has a little, like, looks like a gym, it's got one bar, anyway, it's like $40. And I was like, maybe if I just go do that five months every fortnight, it'll just get me out of house, I'll go and do content. And then you were like, yeah, that's a sick idea. So I was like, maybe that will work better for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I mean, if you film with V, I'm pretty sure you can go in there and, like, just suss out zone and stuff, just to have a look at it. Yeah.
alexconnors: All that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
alexconnors: I think it's better, because then I could do maybe one session a week there, and then the rest at Wells or whatever might be.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, I used it pretty much to do all my sessions there, and then just, like, one somewhere else just to switch things up. But, like, it's a good environment, like, depending on when you train. I always trained in the morning, but, like, usually Cal would be there, George would be there training, like. It's still a good environment, and again, it's not busy, so.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah, which I like, because sometimes you go into welds and it'll be like, just get bombarded with people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. And then, you know, again, a good thing about Zon is you can turn the music down and stuff if you film, and so it's just like, you just make it however you want, change all the lighting if you want.
alexconnors: Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, and it looks good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, it comes, and you can get, like, you can either raise the garage door to, like, let that natural light in, or you can just close it.
alexconnors: Yeah, and have a dock, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Oh, and they've also got the podcast studio and everything like that as well, so if you want to film content, you can just go in there for free.
alexconnors: Oh, really?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, wow. Yeah, so, yeah, as long as it's obviously not being used.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's mad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, cool.
alexconnors: Other than that...
Kyle Musca: Is that where Morgan works? Yeah, Morgan's there. Yeah, she's doing the posing. Oh, they've got the posing room there as well. forgot about that. So so yeah, he should send you a message though. So hopefully I just kind of said like, can you just like do them a trial with those first three ads that we've written for you so we can do them properly? Again, I think your delivery was great on Tamron and everything like that, but I know he kind of, they're definitely usable, but like to me, it just seemed like he was trying to film a  like 90s music clip or something by just going back and forth.
alexconnors: I know sometimes when I see the angle, I'm like, that can't be nice. Like, it's like probably like, I'm like, oh, I don't know about that. He sometimes manages to make you look  10 kilos fatter. Yeah. And then sometimes, I don't know, I don't really care. Like, whatever.
Kyle Musca: I was just seeing the camera like, shakily go like forward and off to the side a little bit. I'm just like, what the  is that?
alexconnors: Did you see he posted my ad the other day as a  reel?
Kyle Musca: Oh, no. Oh, I think I might.
alexconnors: That's a  . Then he tried to, like, justify it. He's like, it's easy to repurpose. And I'm like, what? And he's like, public holiday, like, it would fit well today. And I was like, what? What are you talking about?
Kyle Musca: I would, anytime, like, I'm very against saying, you know, getting refunds and, like, even disputing stuff. But if you've hired a business or service and they just have failed miserably to pull through, then it's like, you know, either  get the job done properly or just give me my money. Like, if had to give me my money, I'd I'll go find someone else. It's okay. But I'm not paying you to  around and make excuses and then not do work.
alexconnors: Absolutely. I'm even happy to cut our losses. Like, if it's costing us money in the long run, we may as well just move on. Like, yeah, worst case scenario, in my opinion. Like, if we didn't get those ads up and my ads dried out and then I'm spending all this money and wasting money, I may as well just pay someone else, get a good ad up and make more money quicker.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I thought, yeah. So I'll, should be a message.
alexconnors: You should, um, yeah. We'll be over the next little bit anyway. So yeah.
Kyle Musca: I did get them upload and everything like that. So we'll just see how they go. Um, and go from there. Yeah. Did, have you done the third one?
alexconnors: I think so. I think we did two and two at the same time. I'm pretty sure, but I'll just ask him.
Kyle Musca: I can't even remember.
alexconnors: You can ask him.
Kyle Musca: If not, um, honestly, it might even just be worth if, you know, depending on how long V takes, um, might be worth even like, if you've got a desk or something, you just sit down and tripod and, or even just stand and tripod and, you know, chat to the, chat to the camera. Cause that's basically what, um, Josh does anyway. It's not like he's doing anything crazy with his videography stuff.
alexconnors: And then do you, you know, I know this sounds like a dumb question, but you know how, like, I'll usually do a sentence, say it, then do the next one. Like that. Like So would you just send, would you do heaps of different videos or just one whole video and then send that to a video editor? Or does it matter?
Kyle Musca: No, I just film all the raw clips. So just one sentence after another sentence, all the raw clips, and then just send them. That's their job to stitch together. They'll all be in order. You know, as long as they arrange it by like name, then it'll be like C165, C166, C167. So it should just be in order and then they just put it together.
alexconnors: Yeah, Matt. Cool. sweet. Easy. And you have video editors that you use?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, my one's really good. He does it for like 20 USD per video.
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But he's, yeah, really good. So, and then V's also got his own ones that he uses as well. So, yeah.
alexconnors: Easy. Cool, cool. Thank you. I didn't fill out that check-in form, so I'm sorry. I just completely, I'll do that for this call.
Kyle Musca: No, you're right. you're moving and everything like that. I'm keen to see how this, if you're noticing a massive improvement in the DMs, it was like just not very personalised, moved on, let's book a call, and they're like, no, I'm interested. And it's just like, , what's going on here?
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So hopefully that cleans it up a bit.
alexconnors: Oh, and that was the other thing we needed to ask him was how much of that  should I be looking at setting up now?
Kyle Musca: We can, I think, one, recover on the sleep and everything like that. We've still got your ad scripts from last time, don't we?
alexconnors: Yes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we can still get them filmed. And then...
alexconnors: I've set up your calendar. Oh, we swapped to calendar as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, sweet. And then... Yeah. And then it would just be about, I think, one, number one, nailing the check-in, just to see how many more clients you can take on, just a little bit, just so we can get... Get the marketing down. Once we get the marketing down, it's like, all right, cool, we're going to coach. And then really, it'll just be about getting graphics up for you, getting that many chat stuff done. Probably have to add a cap. And then, yeah, you can run ads on that side of things if you want to do that as well. Easy. I think if you've got a lot of organic inquiry, especially after the ads, though, sorry, after the weekend, then I reckon just  try and pump that, try and get some of those people across the line, for sure.
alexconnors: Yeah. So. Yeah. May as well. Ew.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think for you, Alex, a lot of stuff we've got pretty much already mainly ready would just be about if we want to throw some graphics up, we'll create an ad account.
alexconnors: We should be able to do that pretty quickly. Cool. Yeah. I set up your meta ads account already. I set all that back up and stuff up for him just so it's ready to go. You just have to really do graphics and many chat. And with my graphics, like, so the, my call to actions and stuff like that, that I'm. Putting on my stories, which I'm doing  all of. Is there like, rather than just copying yours word for word, is there sort of a, is there some like key words or key phrases or key points you think that would benefit me and my clientele?
Kyle Musca: Well, I think have a, like a think about what your client would resonate with, you know what I mean? Like a lot of my guys are more gen pop that are just like, do you want get shredded for someone type of thing? You know what mean? Like, whereas if you're finding like a lot of your, like, you know, resonates with guys that are rough around the edges, you know, maybe it's the angle of like, again, just off the top of my head, like , you know, making a change for the positive direction of something in life or, you know,  getting off the rack and focusing on something productive or something. Yeah.
alexconnors: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? You know, sick of spending your weekends  on a bender.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Busted.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: And we can even write scripts. I just, I mean, I know I can target direct to  bodybuilders and that will work. It's just that the  have got no money, dude. You know what that's like? They take up too much time. I get them organically anyway. And yeah, like we're trying to trim down the amount of time I spend unchecked.
Kyle Musca: It's not  increased it. Yeah, I think like not necessarily move away from bodybuilders, like, cause again, similar to Cal, like a lot of guys coming in are bodybuilders, but they're not necessarily like wanting to jump on  stage and compete and stuff. Like that's where the territory is.
alexconnors: What sort of money is he like able to charge these guys though? Cause he's getting a lot of money out, isn't he?
Kyle Musca: Well, he's charging two grand for three months, 3,500 for six months and everything like that pretty easily. So, um, it's a fine line cause bodybuilders. Even though they're broke, even though they're broke, they can't be meathead enough to be like, , I'm just going to give all my money away to this, you know what mean?
alexconnors: Absolutely. Yeah. I think if they want it enough, like... Sorry, bro, that's disgusting. When I was a kid, I would have spent any money to learn about anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: I mean, if they're... It was like my whole life. It was my whole life when I was young. I think you're this guy. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Well, if they're committed to it, like, absolutely. Like, yeah. Bodybuilders are broke, but you'll see them driving a shitbox, but  spend a grand a month on gear.
alexconnors: I set up my thing so it records all my videos now, too. So I'll start sending those through the sales call, so...
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, perfect. Yeah, well, what we'll do there is we'll get you on call with my sales friend, Tommy, and everything. So once you've got a few recordings, and then he would run through and just... Like give you feedback and everything and help out with that stuff.
alexconnors: Yeah, cool. Easy. Nice. I'll set it up for you too, actually. It's pretty easy. If you just get like Loom AI, it just connects to your thing. And then if mad, I was doing it for, when I was doing training videos for Pat, and then it makes like a whole training procedures for you. It's so cool. I was like, yeah. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: If you want as well, like on that topic, and I'll show it because I've set this up. That's what this little Fathom recording note-taker thing is. It will, and I'll send it through to you. Basically, what I'll do is take the transcript from the school, and then I'll feed it through a GPT. And then it will spit out like a whole to-do list and a recap of everything we've spoken about. So I'll send that through after this. And then if you don't have to at all, but like you could also do something similar through your Looms and then have it.
alexconnors: So it actually, you can send the client something after as well, if that's what you want to do. Yeah, that's cool. That's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: Yeah, because AI is pretty good. I've been, like, getting into it. It's only an extra five bucks. I was like, oh, might as well. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, cool. Otherwise, yeah, I'm just keen to see how this new messaging goes.
alexconnors: Did you just book me once? She just booked in a call.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sick. Yeah, okay. Well, that's  good. I'll jump in there and I'll keep trying to monitor the conversations as well. I thought it would take a little bit more time to see, to be honest. But, again, the conversation is getting plenty through, so.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And she's really good at just following up, following up, following up, following up, following up. Like, I think I would be afraid to send six messengers in a row. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, yes, get it, girl. Whoever you are, get it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing is, we'll, we could even look at doing, like, a little bit of a magic hat trick soon, just because you've got enough leads in there. Like, which basically goes through everyone that you like, or just anyone. And you'll say like, hey, I randomly give away $500 cash for anyone who's quiet about coaching.
alexconnors: You magically won. Do you want put that towards coaching? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that can be...
alexconnors: Thank you, I want the cash.
Kyle Musca: Oh, no, you don't say it's $500 cash. You just say it's a $500 coaching voucher.
alexconnors: Coaching voucher. I was like, oh, .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know that.
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's really, really easy to do. So what we could even do... We might even do that now. So all you'd need to do is download a CSV file of all your clients that have signed up, I guess, ever, really. But like, basically, since we started running the ads, especially, just that it needs their name and email. And then you give that to her and just say, hey, anyone that's not on this list, and she'll go and find the tags in ManyChat, but I want you to go back and message them. Okay. And I'll send you... send you... you... you... I'll I'll send I'll send And I'll
alexconnors: Yeah, that's cool. I've only signed up two for me out so far, so that's good. Shouldn't be too hard. It's so sick of seeing people that want to lose, like, heaps of weight. Their transformations are, like, the coolest thing I've ever seen. Like, that other chick that has to lose, like, 70 kilos. It's mad.
Kyle Musca: It's, like, five kilos drop in one week from eating ice cream and chocolate and...
alexconnors: Oh, I, like, I love it. Because I just never really get big, big, big people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: So... I love it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, so I just sent that through to you there. So, obviously, you just rewrote it and send it to her. She'll pretty much know exactly what to do. The other thing with that as well is in Calendly, just create a different... Like, you can duplicate your current booking link, but just create a new one to make sure that it is, like, 500 vouchers so you can differentiate where the leads are coming from.
alexconnors: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Easy. Perfect. Cool. That should hopefully swell up some calls. That works usually well, really well for me and everyone else I've kind of tried it for.
alexconnors: Yeah. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Easy. Just make sure she's not messaging people that have signed up.
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You've only had two, so you can just kind of give her those names just say, don't message these two.
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Easy. Easy. And then also, last thing on that, make sure you mark that, like, if you do it today, then it's from the 9th of October. So that way, you know, if we do it another month's time, we're not sending the same people, hey, you've won  $500 again randomly.
alexconnors: Like a thousand.
Kyle Musca: Wow.
alexconnors: Yeah. I mean, everyone.
Kyle Musca: Whoa, that's the chances. Yeah. Yeah, literally. Perfect. Cool. Any questions on any other stuff at all?
alexconnors: No, that makes perfect sense.
Kyle Musca: No, it is. Awesome. All right. Cool. Well, so main things this week is hopefully the DM's picking up on the conversation. A of things, get more bookings. And then once Alex basically catches up on some sleep, just trying to  gunsling some check-ins, get that time down. And yeah, we should be good from there.
alexconnors: Easy. Cool. Do you want to message Pat and just say something or do you want us to reply to him?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'll shoot him a message and just sort of have a chat.
alexconnors: I just didn't really know what to say to him.
Kyle Musca: was like, oh. Yeah, no, you're good. I'll shoot him a message. I've been feeding him  heaps of clients. So see how I get.
alexconnors: Get easy.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Awesome.
alexconnors: All right, well, enjoy your weekend. By the way, Tasha and were saying it the other day. We're like, man, we're really  thankful for all your help and everything you do, man. Like, this is exactly the type of help that we wanted and we needed. So, you know, I'm glad you. You didn't waste your time with Charlie because you'd have been, , man, I can train these .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I did it with Brian, but no, that's no stress, man. I've been in that same pool as well, hence why I wanted to pick it up. And, yeah, keen and committed to getting this working for you guys.
alexconnors: Appreciate it, dude. so much. We'll talk to you. Awesome.
Kyle Musca: See you, dude.
alexconnors: Enjoy. Bye. See you.


>>> 209/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-09T09:43:03Z | id:92943653
People: Kyle Musca

arranhumphreys: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro.
arranhumphreys: Hey, brother. How are you, man?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good.
arranhumphreys: How are you? Yeah, good, bro. Sorry I was a little bit late. I was trying to get the WhatsApp to work on the computer. I got it in the end.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, you were good, man. You gave me time to finish up work anyway. So, cool, bro. We'll rip right in, man. How has this week been overall?
arranhumphreys: Pretty good, man. It's been a good week, actually. A couple of big wins as I was, like, updating you throughout the week. So, I had quite a few phone calls, closed, like, I didn't close two of them, but majority of them we did. And so, this week was the first time I got 12-week lock-in for all of them. One of them was paid in full, one dude monthly. not. I know. know. I don't Thank Two, two fellas monthly, actually. And then another dude was first month, and then we're going to do weekly after that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Beautiful. So good week in the books overall. Seven calls booked total. So you've had six so far. You've got another one coming up, you?
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no. Well, that one was like booked in by like a no-show, and they didn't show off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. You'll get that. I mean, the leads booking with you at the moment, they're to be very, very warm. So the odds that they no-show, pretty low. Again, they should be pretty easy sales. Not easy sales, but like easier than cold, for example. If you did want to even just get into the process of starting to, you know, build out the proper foundations, which I guess you should start dabbling in, is what I do with the- Oh, you there?
arranhumphreys: Sorry, bro. You're just crazy for a minute.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, you're good. You hear me now?
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I was basically saying just because like all your leads are going to be warmer that you don't have to, I guess, in a way be as detailed in the processes leading up to it. But if you wanted to start getting into just the habit of doing these things, then I think it's, you know, not going to cause any harm by any means. So what I do, man, is a day before the call, so I'll just check the calendar for the next day, day before the call, I'll just send them a message. You be like, hey, bro, you know, I can see we're booked in for  tomorrow at 4 p.m. Just want to confirm, you're still good for that on your own, So just doing it a day before so they can actually confirm.
arranhumphreys: Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is, as well, these are just like little things, but try and keep the booking as close as possible as the first conversation you have with them. All right, so if they're now coming through of the DMs, try book them in within three days at the absolute max unless there's a reason that they just can't do But in those days, they're in a nice emotional state. we want to, in a buying mindset, we want to capture them in that state.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, four closes out of six, which is good. And yeah, got the paid in full, which is beautiful. With the sales, have you been using the sales script and everything like that?
arranhumphreys: Yeah. So I was kind of, first few, I was going, I was like getting used to it, you know, running through, did a bit of like what I normally did to like, was like, oh, like got a bit nervous. But then that last two, I did the whole, like kind of structured it exactly how it is. Like made, did the one thing I was nervous to do was like make them say like, oh, so why don't you do it yourself and stuff like that. But then when I started, when I did that, it was good because it like, yeah, full eliminated them even thinking that. And then asking like, why is it the right time now? Yeah. And it was also, the lads I did that were, you know, they're bigger lads. So they told me, one of them was like, I eat Cocoa Pops and Red Bull. And I was like, yo, well, bro, you're , man. So it was easy to do that. So like, bro, this is going to change your life. Whereas I had a couple of lads that were already pretty jacked. They're just kind of wanting to get more jacked. So I found, I'm not sure really what angle to go at with those lads. Because if I'm like, oh, this is going to change your life, they're probably going to be like, not really.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. So good point you bring up there. So sales is always about either moving them away from a pain or towards a dream outcome, right? Yeah. And just based off how humans are programmed, if you can move someone away from a pain, so those, you know, fat dudes who have struggled with it their entire life, they're going to be a lot more motivated and easier to get across the, not easy to get across the line, but they're going to. Have a lot more motivation to move forward than, yeah, someone who's already in decent shape, who just wants to get, you know, more muscular, more jacked, right? Yeah. So the angle there is one, and it depends on them as well. depends on the prospect, right? So if it's sort of more towards a dream outcome and, you know, they're not really, like, there's no real hard pain points you can kind of hit on, then everything should be geared towards, like, what that future state is going to be like and, you know, again, focusing on what the future is look like versus getting them away from their current position, right? Usually I find they're the ones that you can't get as emotional in. And I want to say this with, like, a fine line because there's a difference between someone who's, you know, just being, like, in a shell and not wanting to be very vulnerable and open up, right? And it's kind of your job to still try and crack them open because, again, we want to get. To that emotional state versus a dude that's just quite straightforward and that's just how they are because if you start trying to go into like really deep you know  how is this going to change your life like you know are you struggling with it how is it affecting you on a daily basis and stuff like it's  not like yeah it's like a fine line and you've got to kind of determine that but what I will say is like if guys are very you know it's more so they're already in good shape they just want to get better and there's not a lot of pain and emotion behind it it's usually a lot more of a straightforward conversation type thing yeah I mean it's not yeah I wouldn't say it's necessarily harder to sell in a sense it's more just sort of straightforward whereas you know when they are again moving away from the pain and they've got that emotion that's when you have to like dig deep into that to get them really into that emotional state to move forward yeah okay yeah and it's just like a fine line of figuring out which one is it is uh are they just being you know very you to  um come in Closed and not being vulnerable or is it the fact that, you know, they're just, it isn't that big of a problem to them.
arranhumphreys: just want to get more jacked. Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, I definitely can. Because, yeah, it's so much easier to just sell a lab when, you know, that it's genuinely going to  change that long because you can really tap into that, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%.
arranhumphreys: It was quite cool, but, like, getting into that and seeing how, you know, you can tap into their emotions and  and get them, like, quite emotional on the phone. You know, like, oh, this is quite. And then he was, like, boom, straight away, paid it on the phone right then and there, you know. It's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, and exactly. And it's, like, when you get him into that state and you kind of, like, when you say, you know, it's 1,200 for the 12 weeks, you're kind of, like, it's pretty  cheap.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And that's the whole idea, is it? Because it's, like, life-changing thing, you know, and the way I like to think of it is, like, you know, if I could give you your  dream physique, dream body. Dream lifestyle that you want. And I said, it's $2,000. It's a  steal, right? If I had you the Lamborghini and I was like, hey, it's  your dream car. It's $2,000. They'd be like, what's wrong with it? There's something broken. There's a catch. So it's like, it's just the getting the point across of the, what is this actually going to do for you rather than, you know, the customized training program inside the program.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think that's what we'll probably run over in the, we'll do a bit of content and a bit of scripts, sales script stuff in this call. Let's go through the checking stuff. Good progress, organic videos. They're looking good. So immediately, pretty much after we spoke last week that using more cuts and everything like that, how'd that feel for you?
arranhumphreys: Yeah, it was good. Yeah. It was actually easier to record a video like that too. Yeah. Yeah, that, that was good. You know, reach wide. Oh, I also started using that, the new app as well, Instagram's app, which is handy as  because it has all Instagram's audio and that on there as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and you can also use, like if you download a video, you can just use extracted audio.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, that's what I normally have been using there, but that was good. And I've just been playing around cutting, doing as we said, put the caption above my head too. And put the voiceover titles. So yeah, that was definitely an improvement, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful. And then you can just, like once you get good at them, like you're already good on camera and everything like that, but you just  pump them out. Cool. Sales calls will improve, reels had good reach, good, consistently posting each day, which led to more leads. So that's the other thing as well with marketing, a really important rule with marketing. When people are in a buying mindset, they won't necessarily buy from their favorite person. They'll buy from the first person they see offering that service, right? Yeah. If they're like, you know, I feel like , I want to get a coach to keep me accountable. And, you know, they really like this  influencer or something they see on Instagram. But you pop up and you're like, , you know, get your  together, stomping fat. They're be like, this is the guy. Like, you're right there then. So, the more, and these are why touch points, and this is why content is so good, because the more of it you can do, within quality reasons, obviously, the more of you can do it, the more likely you are to be in front of them when they hit that point.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah. Struggle to find videos to react to. Should I make an, yes.
arranhumphreys: Like, I just can't find any man, like, I'm a fool you, hey. Yeah. I was  trying for ages, and then I'm just... It  shocking. And I was like, oh, and then I see some and I'm like, oh, am I going to look like a  idiot if I like people say this ? So I was, I think when I find a few videos, I'm like, I'll send it to you and say, hey, is this a good one to react? Like, I don't want to be like, people be like, look at this  idiot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Send me the link on WhatsApp because I probably would just see it in the DMs. I got setters in there. Um, so send me it on, on WhatsApp, but definitely, uh, don't be afraid. It depends on what you're talking about, but don't be afraid to react to controversial . You know what mean? You want to be polarizing. You want to be, you know, cause if everyone agrees with you, then no one really agrees with you or cares. You know what mean? But if you can get something where, you know, some people really agree and some people really disagree, then one, it's going to push the engagement a lot more onto your account because people will share it because it's relevant or people will share it because like, this guy's an absolute  dickhead.
arranhumphreys: Right.
Kyle Musca: Um, So it works both ways. And then I guess a good way to understand if you're doing that well is like are people arguing, and it doesn't have to be every post, but are people arguing in your comment section, you know what mean? And it's pretty funny when you like see people that are arguing because they'll have like these massive  conversations basically that are sometimes completely irrelevant to the post. Like I remember one, I did a post and then someone said  praise Jesus or something. And then a Muslim guy got in there and I'll give that real chin in my comment section. And I was like, what the ? But again, it puts engagement on the post, and it's pretty funny to read. So yeah, don't be afraid to be polarizing as long as you agree with it and it's, you know, your genuine, I guess, opinion on it. Don't, you know, start  molding who you are because then it won't come across as it won't work. But in terms of finding the video, so in terms of, do you like go through reels much?
arranhumphreys: Do you spend much time on really, man. Like I don't really. Yeah, like scrolled on viewers and .
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. So, in that case, I wouldn't create a new account. I would just, one, did you try searching?
arranhumphreys: I tried to search like trending, like controversial  things. But I just, I don't know if you have a couple of things like to search that work for you. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Once you get into the algorithm, you won't have to search for them. Like it would just start  pumping you heaps of those  reels. So, one, I would probably start off with searching like, you know, transformation or something like that. You know, motivational transformation, some stuff like that. Weight loss journey, full day of eating, just  like that. If you really can't find it, just so you can like kind of get a start on these. I don't know if this thing's annoying, is I would just come to someone's account who doesn't. A lot of them. again, if we go to like, and preferably where they do it as like an overlay instead of a green screen.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. So then I can snip it out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly.
arranhumphreys: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, but once you, and then once you find one, just like, like it, save it, if you, even if you want to comment on it, send it to, again, send it to me. You know what mean? Because if, if Instagram sees you  engaging that hard, it's like, this guy really likes this content.
arranhumphreys: Let's show more of it. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, but then in terms of, again, it doesn't work that well on, on that top, but let's go.
arranhumphreys: Fish.
Kyle Musca: Ah, it's not .
arranhumphreys: Just  around. Hang on a minute. Just. Yeah. Yeah. Fathom went small, so I'm trying to get you big on my screen again so I can see you and the screen. So if it drops out, I'll just click on the link again. Oh, here we go. I gotcha.
Kyle Musca: What I might even do as well just to help. Help it out about. I'll even just send you some ears.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, that'll be good, man.
Kyle Musca: And then I can engage on it. Yeah. The biggest thing is just, like, see, does it have a really good following? Oh, sorry, really good engagement. You know what I mean? Yeah. Even that.
arranhumphreys: That's  crazy. I'd really... That's  crazy.
Kyle Musca: So, and then, yeah, like it, save it. Ideally, I'm not going to save it right now, but actually,  it up, I'll save it. Depends if you're going do males and females. See, something like... This, so Charlie's already done it, so he's going to react to it, but I don't know if you, have you seen this guy? Nah. So he's just some like  fat dude, I think, I'm not 100% sure, but it just like eats the shittest  diet ever, every single day, like just disgusting, and that's the kind of stuff that I would kind of react to, and I wouldn't like go in and bash them or anything like that, because one thing to remember with content is like, hate will get you hate, I wouldn't come from a hater's perspective, you know, come, and again, make it your own, but like, you know, I would, so I would come from the angle of like, you know,  off the top of my head, about how promoting this kind of eating and everything like this is going to, one, like, get this thing to lead into an early grave, but like promoting this to other people, you know, should be shunned.
arranhumphreys: Off the top, yeah, instead of being like, look at this fat , you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. At the end of the day, it's still, it's a , an addiction. Like if I was jumping on here and  shooting black tar heroin saying how  mood, you guys would think I'm having a problem, right? Yeah, I mean, like, so come from polarizing. Point of view, we locked in. So I love these ones because it's like, I absolutely love these videos because, you it to show, if you just like got your  together and  dialed in, only, yeah, okay. So, um, so, wouldn't react to that one. Um, but, um, yeah. Anyway, yeah, you're the point.
arranhumphreys: So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, like that, I might make a joke about like the hip thrust hump in the air or something like that. You know what mean? Like, these are really, really good. So, like, especially like even just having a look at that, be like, Like, you know, it's a respectable way where you can't  count that as a PR type thing. And then you kind of say, like, what are your thoughts at the end? Or you kind of, like, prompt a question so that people start commenting.
arranhumphreys: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
arranhumphreys: I mean, try and push that engage even more.
Kyle Musca: See, I've actually been trying to, like, I've actually kind of been, I might do this, actually, but I'll send this to you as well. I don't know if that's the same dude.
arranhumphreys: Is that the same dude? I have no idea.
Kyle Musca: It's a completely different dude every single time. I was actually thinking about this the other day, though, but, like, really polarizing on this, I would react and just be like, oh, yes, the black, oh, I'm about to get a little bit racist here. And then, you know what I mean? Put people in there like that. And then I would go down the line of how, like, the black gene is just, like, you know, better for insertions, denser muscle fiber, they're more athletic. You know what mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's like... like... like...
arranhumphreys: People would like, well, you know, you look at, like, Andrew Tate, that's what he  does, and it works. Yeah, I mean, he does just go down the races, but he's part black, so you can, he can do that.
Kyle Musca: He does such a , yeah. I don't know if he could kind of go down the same, but again, so you can see how I've saved a few, I've liked a few, and now it's just, like, every single one is just a reaction style reel that I can react to. You know what mean? Like, I've saved one of this dude's videos before, and now it sends me a bunch of videos like that. So you just have to get a few and save them and like them, and then your feed will just be full of them.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay, sweet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've done one of these videos before about how, you know, probably, potentially in the comments, people will say, like, he didn't really gain much size. Actually, this dude's gained heaps of  size, to be fair. But I've done one before where I was like, basically, people were saying, oh, like, you look the same or something like that. And I'd be like, you know. The difference, a lot of people don't actually realize what's possible. Like, if we look from the first, you know, cut after his first bulk and then first cut again, second cut, like he only snapped on like  five kilos of muscle, but five kilos of lean muscle on your frame makes a  world of difference.
arranhumphreys: You know what mean? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, once you get into a few of them, you'll be good. And then... Yeah, so you can see those do well. And I would come and have a look at... This did well as well. I'd come and have a look at just, you know, what videos are performing well for you. And then, you know, use that, like, order your own content every now and then so you can double down on it.
arranhumphreys: So... Yeah. Definitely all, it's been good because I used to only get, like, just hit a thousand on most of them. So that's why I'm pretty... He's pretty happy that I'm consistently getting about 2,000 now.
Kyle Musca: Like, I'm like, okay, sweet.
arranhumphreys: And then just, like you said, learning what's working, what's not, and then doubling down. My carousel posts, like photos, haven't gone nuts, but like I've got, when I see here, because you won't be able to see them, but they're all about above 10K, 22K, 16K. Like, yeah, so, like these top two, I don't know if you can see my screen or not, but yeah, these top few have got like  16, 20, and then like I've got some down here, hit 25K, which brought everything up. So I've been trying to put about two of them a week, as well as reels, just to try and keep that reach going up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the, yeah, carousels definitely, I think carousels and. Reels are like the thing that Instagram really likes to prioritize because Instagram's, you've got to think of Instagram's perspective. What they care about is like, how can we get a user to stay on this platform for as long as possible? Because what their main attention is attention, my focus is attention. So, you know, one photo doesn't really do well because people see the photo, maybe they read the caption and keep scrolling. Whereas a reel, they sit around and watch it or a carousal, they watch through and flicker through the thing. So, with the carousals, the best things to do there are like, really try and tell a story.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, three skills every man must develop. From a man in his 20s that does better than most men in his 40s. Yeah, okay. And then have like a little swiping thing. You know what mean?
arranhumphreys: Yeah, to keep you going.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, like, tell a story. And you'll see, like, some people that are quote-unquote. Good at these, you know, someone that, I haven't seen them in a little bit, actually, but like, I know, for example, EBT used to do them, will it? Yeah. Yeah, you probably don't know this about me. And then it goes to tell a story. I've been in PT for 14 years, but before that. So you might even want to do this about your life as, you know, working fly-in-fly-out and everything like that.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
arranhumphreys: And then kind of pin it as well. I definitely could do something and see your story a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then do it about how you're, you know, now a coach, like don't, I wouldn't come from the angle of like transitioning into a coach, but like now I've moved into coaching to help other men, you know, how fitness helps you even while fly-in-fly-out and then you've moved into coaching to help other people change their lives.
arranhumphreys: Change their lives, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'd even come and have a look at this and just like kind of, again. Yeah. Obviously, just make it your own, make it your own story.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay. You know mean? And then pin it. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Pinning it, yeah, because this is really good because people come onto your story and they'll see this. Yeah. Yeah, I started as a PT 13 years ago. Fake confidence, a very bad haircut, and very few friends on the Gold Coast.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. See, he's even started doing it.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. It's funny because I do look at lots of his stuff too because he seems to, when something's gone good, he does it as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, he's just good with, like, realistically, like, Adam doesn't seem to work that hard. You know, like, he's got a whole team and everything does it. He just takes care of the content. So, if you can just stay on top of content, then you'll  be fine. Like, you'll never struggle with leads. Um, so, yeah, perfect. Um, and then with this video, this style of video, there's that, who's that  guy that, um.
arranhumphreys: He, he, um, I think, yeah, that's kind of, I took, um, William or something. That's who I got kind of that idea of. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Will Scott.
arranhumphreys: Here we go. Will Scott. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, yeah, he, perfect. Did you come to his account and have a look and everything like that?
arranhumphreys: Yeah, like, I've got quite a lot of my, like, talking videos from his account and got ideas off of him. I pull his background music that he uses.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So, again, even just come in here and, you 142k. Nothing feels more delusional than being 23, delivering pizzas, telling people I'd make 20k in a month from my phone, when I'd never even made that in a... yeah. My family told me to get a real job. My mates thought I'd lost it. I didn't give a . Even you could say something like that. Nothing feels more stupid than walking away from a job where I only had to work six months a year that paid me $180,000 to pursue, you know, I would try and avoid like to pursue coaching or something like that, to pursue my dreams to help other people, you know, to show other people how much fitness can change their life.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Because I was always like, yeah, okay. Because I can put it to change it instead of saying like, oh, I'm making this much money, change it to like, because I genuinely want to help people. So people are like, oh, this kind of wants to try and help me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Like, don't get me wrong. The pay was all right. The work was okay. But at the end of the day, I felt like I was missing something deep down.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. mean, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And if you're to film it like this again, just analyze it. See how he's It's actually facing, it's not like he's facing the camera or anything like that, he's facing the way, so you're going to have a look at that. Yeah. These are known as like visual hooks as well. So like, I think visual hooks are probably, visual hooks and, I guess they go both hand-in-hand, and just scroll-stopping hooks. So things that don't just look like every generic  video, right? It's hard to say, but... The people who say money doesn't buy happiness are always the ones with no  money. When I was broke... See, very bold statement.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. You can, you can change that to, you people that say that getting fit won't completely change your life are always fat.
arranhumphreys: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: That's a  good one. Isn't funny how the people that say that fitness doesn't  massively change your life are always fat, you know what mean?
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So even this one did 2 million. So again, that's that, this is the trendy real type thing that we covered. But again, I would even come to this and say like, just create exactly the same sound.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, try to get sounds off him, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could even do beforehand. These are trendy, so it's not like you're actually copying.
arranhumphreys: These are meant to be like copied and put as your own. Yeah, yeah. He had a pretty crazy transformation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely on the gear, but yeah. Even he got called out because he copied James Smith's video word for word.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. And then some other dude, I don't know if you've seen him, he's like real big about getting on like tests and that. He's in America. Some other dude copied his video word for word and then. He pulled him out. It was like a big thing.
Kyle Musca: was watching that. Yeah, think that's where he like said, oh, I don't care if someone copies my word for word because it's like, you must be doing something right. And I was like, you're only saying that because you could  call that.
arranhumphreys: And then it was like, oh, everyone's copying everybody. So  it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, so just, yeah, the biggest thing is just like, look at what works and then just make your own version, put your own spin on it. And then again, it's like a developed skill. You know, the more you do it, the better you'll get at it. To the point where you can just  whip  out and eventually you get so good at it that people start  doing it for you. Like I had a, I had a guy, yeah, I had a guy copy one of these videos word for word. I can't remember which one it was, but it was one of these videos and he copied it like literally word for word. And the guy sent it to me that I reacted to.
arranhumphreys: And I was like, like you're doing something right if someone's copying you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. It's all for every time. Someone told me that they're eating. Oh, that's enough of that.
arranhumphreys: I thought that one, they got two and a half mil of yours. I thought that was very good because that was a far video. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So that's the other thing as well. With those as well, I find the shorter you can make them, the better. And like in my experience, the ones that have always gone like mad viral, I've only ever done like two clips to them. You know what I mean? Two like postings. Because it's like if you can keep it under like 15, 20 seconds, it's like people, the watch time in terms of how long they watch for it is 100% of the video, watch 50%, whatever, is more likely to hit 100% because it's only 20 seconds versus a video that's like 40 a minute long.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, and then with this as well, especially if you're going to do this kind of content that was similar to Will's, Williams, is when you say, when you're doing it clip by clip, and I'm very, very picky and I would encourage you to get very, very. We're picky with it as well. Make sure you say it exactly how you want to say it. there's any like little hiccups, any tripping of words, any small delay, anything like that, I would just re-film it. Like I will film it fine, but I just, there'll be something, maybe a word or something that I say that doesn't hit the tonality that I want it to hit. And I'll re-film it just off that.
arranhumphreys: You know what mean? Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I get really good at just not over-analyzing it because sometimes it'll be fine and then you'll just do  10, you know, the exact same one and won't be different at all. And then you'll start overthinking it. But like, if you kind of like watch it back and you notice there's like a little, I guess, hiccup or like we'll watch this because I will. And you still care about somebody else's opinion. It'd be one of these billions of people have their own lives. They're going to remember you for five seconds and they're on. So even like that little, you know, that little bit, like even that little thing I would, I would redo because when you're trying to be like really like, especially motivational and stuff in these types of things. It's like you have to hit every word like super on tone.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So, again, it's like fine line of just getting it right but like also not overanalyzing because you will get into these things where you just like  do it 10 times and it's all the same. And then you just won't even be able to say it.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, that makes sense.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. But other than that, like, yeah, you can definitely see, you know, you're pumping out the content, which is good now. And, yeah, it's coming together nice. And you only need a couple of viral reels. Once the algorithm, like, once you see what content does really well for yourself and once the algorithm sees what your content resonates with people, like, you can  just explode. Like, I went from, when I restarted my account, I went from, like, 5,000 to over 100,000 followers in two months. So, yeah, like, the growth is exponential. You know what mean? And the same with, you know, Torrent here. Like, when we started, he was at 300. He's at $220,000, and that's in like a month and a half.
arranhumphreys: That's nuts. Oh, so do you coach him as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. He was already doing like this style of content that's just really in at the moment.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, you know, and the other good, like the other thing is try and look at content that's followable. So people follow this kind of content because he's going to continuously do these recipes, right? So it's followable content because they want to keep seeing him react to it, right? The other thing here is, as you can see, like once you find one piece of content that does well for you, you don't have to  try and like throw another piece of content in the mix. He just does really well at like sticking to what works. Just do one style of content. Once you see it works, just double down on that and just kill it at that. Because you can see, know, $2,000, $3,000, $2,000, $2,000, and then try and throw on a carousel there, $154,000.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know, it's like, if the content, if the, again, even that 2,046,786, and then it's like me eating verse. Right. Yeah, so it was a different type of content he tried, didn't do well at all.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Find one content piece to, and yeah, I think this is where he started, obviously, trying. That style of content, it just  blew off for him. As you can see, like, yeah. 1,000 different, 450, 300, you know, doing pretty decently, especially compared to where his content was at. But then it's like, you can see 45k, 16, 2,000, 46k, 700. You know what mean? Like, you know, we're not always going to go viral, but you only need a couple. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
arranhumphreys: And I mean, you know, , I'm getting some leads consistently, I'm only getting 3,000 views, so that's why I'm like, if I get a couple of good hits, that's going to be sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%, 100%. And it's good, you know, views don't necessarily mean leads as well. Yeah, views don't necessarily mean leads either, to be honest, like, there's people that get  hundreds of thousands of views and they're poor because they don't know how to convert on it, or the content's just not very, you know, it's likable and stuff, but it's not memorable, no one actually remembers who they are or anything about them.
arranhumphreys: Yep.
Kyle Musca: So, and then, yeah, with this, you've fallen, like, pretty closely then from now, in the same terms of things?
arranhumphreys: Yeah, so, like, the first one, you know, I just kind of break the ice, get to know them a bit, and then say, you know, And obviously we talked about it on the DMs a little bit, but, you know, just give me a bit more of an insight of where you're at, what you're kind of trying to achieve. Just give me a rundown and then they kind of list off where they're at, what they want to get to, and then whether they want to lose weight, whatnot, and then I kind of tap into there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so with this, there's a lot of different stuff to go through this group, but like in the introduction, I kind of skipped the introduction, to be honest. You can't say it word for word, but I'm kind of just like, cool, bro. Hey, how you going? How's your day been? Sweet. If they say, you know, they've been at work, I'll always ask, like, oh yeah, what do you do for work again? Sorry, by the way. If you don't know, you already know it, don't ask. But that's just a really quick and easy way for me to qualify them. You know what mean? If they're like, oh yeah, I'm a software engineer, I'm like, sweet, we're  good to go. If they're like, oh, I've been working at Macca's all day, I'm like, all right, . You know what mean?
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because I was reading through like your DM script thing, and I seen that you'd have like a pre-qualifier thing there. I actually had like a couple young lads message me, and I did that before, like kind of pre-qualified, see what they do for work. And some of them were like, oh, I'm still at school, work at McDonald's. So then I just say, oh, hey, man, like, you know, I'm a like premium coach. And then I spread your thing, like, would you be happy to invest $500 into like your own journey? And then they, so some of them were like, oh, no, I don't have $500. And then one of them was like, oh, yeah, I'd be up to it. So then I've got to call with him tomorrow because he says he's willing to.
Kyle Musca: So I'll just see how that goes. Yeah, exactly. Like if you said $500, then it's like, sweet. And we can, you know, cover  $500 now, and that's $400 a month from this point. Yeah, yeah. So it's not even that, like $500, and then it'll be like, what's So basically what I'll do, I don't like to spend too much time in this kind of like introduction period. I'm just like, cool. How you going? How's it, Amy? What do do for work, by the way? Sweet, man. All right. Well, appreciate you jumping on, man. You know, you probably want to kick your feet up and relax after work. And well, I've got another call in an hour or two. So do you want to like just rip right into things, man? So just get straight into the  convey. Like if you spend too long in the rapport building phase, one, the call goes for too long. And two, it just doesn't feel very natural. Like no one likes  small talk, right? So it's just like, let's just get straight into it. The other thing is every time, and again, this is just one of those small things, but like in the DMs, in the call and everything, everything you should say is never framing it as in like you're on their time, right? So it's not like I say, cool, man. Well, I don't want to take up too much of your time. You know, do you want to just dive straight in? It's like, I don't to take up too much of your time and I've got a call in an hour. So
arranhumphreys: Do you want to rip straight?
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I was like, you're on my time here, buddy.
arranhumphreys: Who would even  do this?
Kyle Musca: So, and I would, like, it goes, like, the entire way through. You know what I mean? It's like, it's, you're never, like, chasing up. Hey, I'm just following up. It's like, hey, I've just had a moment to get back to you.
arranhumphreys: You know mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Had a moment between calls to get back to you.
arranhumphreys: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. That stuff's all pretty. Self-explanatory. Is there any part that you feel like you get stuck on?
arranhumphreys: I still probably just, like, get a bit all about the asking why, like, yeah, just disqualified. Like, why can't you do it yourself? Because I've only done it twice and I'm a bit like, oh, you know, it's got a bit of, like, I don't want to come across like, oh, so, you know. across know, bit of a bit of of a bit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It don't come across the wrong way, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so tonality is huge for this because you're right. If you're like, I get you, man. And I guess like, why not just do it yourself?
arranhumphreys: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, . But if you're like, okay, I got you, man. And I guess like, you know, I guess maybe just to help me understand, bro, like why you might be looking at getting outside help with this. Maybe just, ah, fully  up. But maybe just help me to understand, you know, why you might be looking at getting an outside hand with this instead of, you know, maybe just trying to figure it out for yourself.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, when you, tonality will massively shift how the question comes across.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
arranhumphreys: Which I've been practicing and doing the tone. I think I'm getting pretty, I'm getting the hang of it pretty good now. I was, I've been practicing with the misses. So it's just been, , which is how it takes, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. And then even. If you get a guy on a call where you kind of instantly know that he's like, and even if you want to practice on those guys that are  in school, you know, if you know kind of early on that they're not going to be qualified, it's going to be  hard to get them across the line, if at all. It's not like I'll just call the call there.
arranhumphreys: I'll continue on with it just to use it as practice.
Kyle Musca: And I'll try things that I wouldn't usually do on a normal sales call, right? Because like, and again, using it as practice, so if you do get into that situation in a real call, like when someone's on the line, you feel more confident to actually do it. So good closers won't just throw in the towel, they'll use it as practice, right? And like I had a guy the other week who kind of sounded a bit like special, not even like, , you know, not right there. And I was like, , I'm just going to like objection handle like a . And we were just going around in circles and circles and circles, like 40 minutes, like handling every different. Angle, like, it got to the point where, like, sweet man, it's like, do you ever, you know, do you actually have the money to be able to do this? He's like, yeah, I can do it. Like, I get paid and everything like that, but I just don't have the money to, like, lay the deposit right now. I like, sweet. So, I mean, like, do you, like, are you on, you know, any kind of, like, government welfare or anything like that? Like, it's like, no, none of that. I was like, sweet. I mean, like, how about your parents? Like, would they help you? You know, I would say I wouldn't just go in and, like, ask some random, you know, person that's actually serious about that, like, that kind of stuff. I mean, you could, you could touch that thing, but, like, it would take some balls in actual high-pressure situation to do that, you know what mean? Yeah. So, it's like, if you already, you know that it's not going to work anyway, and you're kind of just  around at that point, then it's like, there's no, you've got no real skin in the game.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah. No, that's good. Because, you know, you don't want to track, that's where I've been, like, was like, God, these dudes are proper, you know, they're working on that, their minds. I'm like, I don't want to  this call by, like, start saying something. That I haven't done before.
Kyle Musca: So I definitely will start doing that. Yeah. And then just like read the tone that it's like got there because that's the tone you should like approach it from. So it's like, you know, if someone said that, you know, kind of struggle with depression and I'd kind of be like, okay, okay, I get you. And like, man, I know you said before that you mentioned that you kind of, I guess, like, see how I'm like looking away. I'm looking down. Like, it's more of a, you know, empathetic tone right now. I know that you mentioned before that you kind of, you know, struggle with a bit of like depression and stuff before. Do you mind, I guess, telling me a little bit more about like what caused you to say that?
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what mean?
arranhumphreys: Yeah. And that's, and what about that? Like, so this dude that I did sell, he said, you know, he struggles a bit with his mental health and that. I tried to kind of like resonate. I'm like, oh yeah, you know, man, like everybody can understand, you know, we've all been through rough times. And everybody goes through stuff like that. So at the end of the day. Like taking care of your body and taking care of that right nutrition can be detrimental to not only your physical appearance, but in your mental side and kind of try to resonate with them. Like, what do you think about that? Do you try and say they're like, oh, this dude understands?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So good question. I was going to actually say that before. So yes, resonate. People like people like them. You know what I mean? If they feel like you've been in a similar... I wouldn't say everyone goes through it. Like, yeah, man, I completely get you. Like, that's actually kind of where I started from as well, man. I like struggled heavily with, you my own mental health. And, you I kind of just went to the gym one day just to get out of the house, to be honest with you, bro. And I kept showing up just to get out of the house. And, you know, pretty soon I started to realize that, you know, yeah, the physical changes were great, but like how much better I started to feel mentally was just like night and day. Yeah. So relate to them on that aspect. The other thing, though, is it's really, really important in this sales call. Or to never coach. Like, objection handling, you can kind of coach at that point because it's like, you know, now you're trying to, you know, do you mind if I put on my coaching hat and you're trying to, like, reframe them, get a new identity shift, change their beliefs. Whereas in this part of the script, you never want to coach because then you'll get, I guess, combative and it will become argumentative. You know what I mean? And I realized this one day, right, when, and if you're telling them they're wrong, their guard instantly goes up. So I was telling, I was on the phone with, like, this Indian dude once and he was, like, telling me about how he, like, wants to lose some weight or whatever. And he's like, he doesn't, he doesn't meal prep, he doesn't cook his own food and he goes to the gym and does cardio seven times a week. And I was like, yeah, okay, sweet. So, and he's like, I don't have time to meal prep is what he said. I was like, sweet man. So, yeah, I guess, like, what we could do, bro, is we could just do, like, five training sessions a week, which is, like, all we need. And then that will give you, like, heaps of extra time to actually meal prep, which will save you time because then. And, you know, one that's more affordable, and then you don't want to have to worry about, like, food for the rest of the week. And he was like, no, no, I don't want to do that. He just didn't want to hear a bar of it. You know what mean? And I instantly lost it. So it's like I do cardio seven times a week. And so, you know, going back, I was in that situation now. So I do cardio seven times a week, and I can't meal prep because I don't have any time. Like, oh, okay, okay. So, I mean, that sounds like you're putting in the efforts to maybe just, like, making sure that effort's actually put to the, use in the right way, and then, you know, having a little bit more flexibility around your food so you can actually stick to a diet would be pretty helpful for you then. Yeah. Yeah, okay. So now you feel understanding. Now it feels like you understand. Once he's in the program, we're like, cool, man, we're doing five  gym sessions, and you're going to use those two extra hours to meal prep. You know what mean? But he's already invested in that then, so it's like he's going to listen. He's not going to listen now because it's like this isn't what I want, even though it's just arrogance at the end of the day. Until they invest into you, and now they're trusting your word on what to say.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So in essence, don't coach, don't tell someone that they're wrong. Kind of just like, okay, so maybe X, Y, Z solution would be pretty helpful for you. So, and that's what, like, so, a really good thing with, like, sales is when they tell you something, you either reiterate what they just said before moving on, so they feel hurt. So it's like, so you either do, you can either do that, or what I like to do as well is do, kind of offer the solution to what they just said. So I guess why now, though, why not just keep pushing this down the road like most men do? Be like, oh, okay, well, I know that, you I've been pushing it down the road, and, you know, I know if I keep pushing it down the road, like, I'm never going to get done. Oh, okay, all right, so you've kind of, you know, put yourself in, like, deadline to make sure that, like, you know that if you keep pushing this down the road... you know, know, know, like, like, You're never probably ever going to do it. So you know that you need to make a change now by the sound of it. Yeah. So you kind of reiterate what they just said so they feel heard.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Kind of hard to say that off the top of my head, but like, if they were like, maybe help me to understand why you might get outside help with this instead of trying to figure out yourself. Oh, I just really struggle with like motivation and, you know, consistency and stuff. Okay. So I guess like, you know, maybe having someone there to like, you know, I guess give you a structured game plan so you know exactly what you need to do and just keep you accountable and make sure that you don't sort of fall off when you lose a little bit of motivation. That'd be pretty helpful for you then, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah. And I did a fair bit of that on that last call. I'm going to record all my calls now as well. So I'll be able to send them to you. But that's yeah. And then I, once I kind of pitched, this was kind of after I pitched him, like what I Well, it's sort of in the program briefly. And then I was like, yeah, so do you feel like if we did this, like, because he went over that Mediah, it's , I feel like . And then was like, do you feel like this is going to help you fix this, this, this? And he's like, oh, yeah, absolutely. So like he already said, this is going to help him 100% before I said any price. So I made him voice that this is exactly what he's looking for before I even told him a price.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so they're micro-commitments. So, which is what we're doing all through this. So it's like, that would be pretty helpful for you then, yeah? Yeah, absolutely.
arranhumphreys: So they're just micro-committed. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? They used to think that the more yeses you could get out of someone, the more likely they'll say yes, because their brain's been programmed to say yes. But there's sparring, there's different ways you can go about it. So yes, the more yeses you can get out of someone, their brain will be more programmed to say yes. But people People also feel a lot more comfortable saying no, which is kind of why you hear some people be like, cool, man. Like, you know, I wouldn't use it in exactly this essence, but like just to give a brief overview. Cool, man. So it sounds like everything, you know, the program is something you want to do and everything like that. Would you be opposed to getting started by Monday? No. Everyone's going to say no to that.
arranhumphreys: People love saying no. You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, mean, no, I wouldn't be opposed to doing that. It's easier to say yes than like, obviously, getting started by Monday. Does that sound good? They'll say yes to as well. But you could be like, would you be, you know, would you be opposed to getting the ball rolling and moving forward? No?
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Cool. Then the other, there's two other things that I want to run over in the script as well that are really helpful. So just one really quick one is, and I think I might have said this before already, but like, one thing I really like doing is when they say something that's, you know, kind Kind of not concerning to you, but should bring up concern. You just act a bit concerned about it. So I love doing it here. So how long has it been since you like last actively tried to lose the weight? Oh, it's been about two years. Oh, okay.
arranhumphreys: You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah. It seems like you actually care.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like you care, but you're concerned about it as well. But you don't want to say anything.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's been like two years. Oh, okay. All right. I guess what's been holding you back trying before this.
arranhumphreys: You know mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because then they're like, , that is a long time. The other thing is getting really good at challenging people. So especially with men, you can get guys that are, again, like what we were speaking about before, very reserved and that don't want to open up. Be like... like... Be like... Thank And it usually gets to around this stage where it is the kind of, even from the problem phase, you know, if were like, maybe help me understand why you're looking at getting outside help with this. And then it's like, no, no, no, I just want to coach. Okay. I guess besides, man, just having a coach, let's say we'll sit down and nap it out, how much time you have available, that. Like, no, I'm just, you know, I just want to coach. I just want, show me what to do. So again, now you have to differentiate. Is this just a guy who's just  being really reserved and not telling me anything, or is he just really straight to the point? Where you do that is by challenging. So it's like, and usually you probably get to this moment in the challenge phase, to be honest, but like, how long has it been since he last, like, actively tried to lose the weight? Either one, right? Let's just say that just being really  reserved, giving you short answers. Challenge them by giving them an out. Like, cool, man. Well, you know, I guess, like, if this isn't really that big of an issue for you, man, you just want to coach to. Again. Again. So again, really, yeah, they're probably going to, these aren't, I want to preface this right so you don't  it up on my behalf. Usually they'll say, you know, give you decent answers through this period. Like you won't really pick up whether or not they're being reserved. And then usually in the challenge phase, you'll start to see it a bit. How long has it been since you last tried to lose weight? A couple of months. What's been holding you back from trying this? I don't know, I'm just being busy. I guess, why now though? Why don't I just keep pushing down the road? I just feel like now's the time. Okay. You could challenge here by saying, okay, well, to be honest, man, like it doesn't really seem like it's that kind of like a front of mind kind of issue for you, man. Like, are sure you even want to look at getting a coach or like, you know, maybe just push it off another couple of months until it is more of an issue? You know what mean? Because then what happens is when you challenge them, they have to then, one, you instantly take yourself away from being salesy because you just said like, man, if this isn't like a priority to you, then like. That's going Why are we even chatting? And they have to then start to chase you a little bit. Like, oh, no, no, no. Like, I've been , you know, I'm kind of like struggling, you know, getting around to work and everything like that. And like  confidence is in the drain. And I just feel miserable. Like, I need to do it now.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Especially in the emotional phase. I guess besides the obvious to try and get healthy, trying to get fitter, what are the reasons behind you wanting to lose the weight? No, look better. Okay, I guess just to bring it back to the current situation, man, is carrying the extra weight is having impact on you. No, not really. Okay. How often do you think about your weight on a daily basis thing? No, no. Every now and then. Coach, man, well, I guess, like, it doesn't really seem like it's that big of an issue for you, man. Are sure you even want to look at getting a coach to help you with this? You know what mean?
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's good. Because I've had a few people sort of like that. And then I'm like, oh,  it. Then I'm... What did I say to you?
Kyle Musca: I heard you say that'll help. Yeah. So you just challenge them by giving them an out and again, not looking desperate. Like I don't need your  client. I don't need you as a client, bro. Again, keeping them on your time. You know what mean? Like I'm not here to try and  convince you to change your life. Everyone has a different way of sales. I really like the method of sales where it's like the mindset of like, I don't really care what you do. I'm just here to provide you information. If you want to do it, fantastic. I'll help you get there. But it's your life. I'm not going to  convince you to do something you don't want do.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Which I like that. I kind of want to, that's how I try and do things as well.
Kyle Musca: And I want to see them like I'm  like trying to sell them. Yeah. And I like it because they have to like, they have to then try and convince you in a way. You know what I mean? And it just, it's so many like little outlets. So giving people outs is really good because, one, you're not really giving them an out, but they feel like they're having an out. So it removes all sales pressures straight away. So even like in the objection handling side of things, like if you have to get into objection handling, I always like to say, look, you know, I appreciate being honest with me, man. love to sit down, sit on the same side of the table, work towards a solution. If we can, you know, find something that works, man, fantastic. If not, unfortunately, that's just life sometimes, you know what mean? But we'll have to see if we can make it work if we can, you know what mean? So it's like, they instantly feel more at ease because you've just said like, if it doesn't work, it doesn't work.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because at end of the day, you can't sell someone something if they don't want it.
arranhumphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man.
arranhumphreys: No, I get, I get, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, cool, bro. We'll wrap it up there because the sales script goes a lot through there. So what we're going to do, I reckon, is probably just like keep on top of the. Content side of things, man. Keep pumping that and just keep refining it. And then definitely record some calls because like even next week, we might even just sit down and just do a full call review and I'll provide you feedback as we go through it.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll just keep pumping content. Hopefully we have another good lead week because it was nuts, man. It was weird because the week beforehand, I got nothing. And the only kind of difference was I did post a couple more transformation videos, which a few people were like when I reached out because I asked, oh, what, like, what, what, you know, I, oh, you had a pretty sick transformation. I want to do the same. Oh, okay. So I did that. So I'll make sure I do like at least one of them this week. And then I'm going to do a post about, you know, working. I used to work here, resonate with people who do big days. That's also worked as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I would do on the end of that as well, man, is especially if you're going Pin it. Just have a CTA midway through or at the end. So like one of the slides, know, DME A1, if you need a hand or something.
arranhumphreys: If you want to do the same, DME A1. Yeah, yeah. Just so it prompts them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, always have like little prompts. People need a clear directive of how to contact you, where to contact you. People are stupid.
arranhumphreys: I mean, if you don't give them a really clear direction, they're probably not going to do it.
Kyle Musca: Like, Even if you watch a Mr. Beast video, he'll be like, click on the link below, go buy this chocolate right now. Like, you won't  beat around the bush about it.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah. I mean, just like straight to the point.
Kyle Musca: Very clear directive of what to do and how to do it.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah. I've got a couple lads. I forgot one fella that I had a call and he had another coach, but he wants to start with me. But he's like, oh, I've got to just finish the next few weeks. So hopefully he'll come back. I don't know. He was keen to do like monthly 12 weeks locked in. So that might be another one that might come through, which will be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's it. Yeah, just one, did you end up getting Notion?
arranhumphreys: No, I haven't. So that's one thing. So I've got to get, I'm going to, that's my goal for this week is set up all the, all my kind of apps and behind the scenes  and start getting everything tightened up a little bit. So Notion's the app with all like that you show me, all this planner and that page.
Kyle Musca: You can use it for that. I use it just like as a, again, just like notes, but it has reminders and stuff. So for that guy, for example, you could just make a note saying, this is what we spoke about on this date. So he needs to finish it up with coaching in about a month, check and see how he's going every few weeks. And then I would just like keep setting back like two weeks just to check in on him.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And yeah, I've got another lad that. I said, because I  almost got in, man, like he was right here, and then he was like, oh, nah, I'm doing two weeks really big, like on a shutdown, which I was like, oh, , fair enough, he probably is not doing anything. Tried to push for it, but then I said, oh, I'll call you, do another call in two weeks' time. So hopefully by then I'll probably have a few more calls under me about to be able to be a bit better at objection handling and that, try closing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's called BAMFAM, book a meeting from a meeting. So yeah, in a situation like that, if it's worst case, comes to worst, always have an established next time you're going to chat with them. So book it in the calendar, make sure it's not left up in the air. The other thing you can do in that situation is like, yeah, no, that's stress, no stress, man. think to be honest, like it makes sense. There's no point in us, you know, starting coaching now just for you to go into a lockdown and you can't do anything and not make use for it. So, so look, man, what we could do is I currently. And in the process of increasing rates and everything like that, if you are serious about getting started, look, what we could do, bro, is we could just, you know, cover a $200 deposit just to show that you're serious. And if you do that, man, what I'll do in the meantime is I'll go away and I'll get everything prepped and prepared. So that way when we're through the lockdown, we can get started straight away. And plus two, you by the time you've already covered $200, so it makes it less to actually get a start.
arranhumphreys: Sound good to you? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, I always like to ask for a deposit because it determines, like, if they're actually serious. If he wants to get started after it, then it's like he should have no problem laying $200 deposit.
arranhumphreys: Yeah, yeah. No, I like that idea. I might even try that with old Matt who's saying he wants to finish with his other coach and start with me. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I might say, oh, I'd like to reserve his spot, Yeah, yeah, just be like, hey, bro, like, always, you know, have a reason for it. Like, you know, I'm looking at... Increasing my rates, man, you know, I've kind of, I'm only like, I've got to take on three more clients, then I kind of hit my next threshold of where I'm going to increase rates. Obviously, two weeks, man, I don't hope to get three clients by then. Man, if you want to secure one of those spots, bro, can I have you just like lay a $200 deposit? And then that way, when the rates increase, like you'll be like kept on that one, won't increase for you.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Okay. I can do that. But then another goal this week, I've got to try and, um, I've got, I haven't, I haven't tried to increase anything on like some of me clients that are like  $40, $35 a week. So, um, I've just been  scared to even ask, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I guess a good way to like ask about that one is like have a conversation with them. Don't just go in there and  roll it over and be like, hey, I'm increasing rates. Just like have a chat with them. Like, hey, bro, how you going? Like, how's things? you enjoying everything? Yada, yada, yada. You can get their focus on the value of the program, how great. It is. But like, cool, man. Well, I'm glad you say that. Like, I've actually gotten heaps of demand recently. And like, I really appreciate you coming on as soon as you did. My current rates are actually $115 a week. But obviously, because, you know, you were there, you were one of the guys that did believe me at the start. You know, it's just going to be like 80 a week for you or something. Whatever you want to set it as.
arranhumphreys: Yep. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yeah, because it would make my dad up. Well, keep in mind as well, if they're on $40 a week, and even if you charge $80 a week, which I wouldn't charge anything less than that, you know, even if 50% of them drop off, you take no hit in income.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah, because, bro, like, now I've got clients paying $100 a week, and then I've got clients paying $35. I'm like,  me dead. I'm doing the same thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, absolutely. And then, yeah. I'm We'll So, and then just have like a bit of a workaround. So, this is now a takeaway offer then. If they're like, no, that's, you know, I can't afford that. I can't justify it. Like, no stress, man. Look, what we could do then is we could keep it on the same rate or we'll just do four-nightly check-ins. Yeah. Or a monthly check-in, something like that.
arranhumphreys: You know what mean? Yeah. So, then you're not going to completely lose them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, it's called a takeaway offer. Like, you justify a decrease in price because you take things away.
arranhumphreys: So, yeah. Yeah, okay. Nice, sweet, man. Thank you, bro.
Kyle Musca: All good, man. Yeah, things have come along well, man. So, it's just like really just consistency and execution, man.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. Yeah. And it's just getting better over time. You know, like you said, bro, just these little tips that you're helping me with, it's definitely helping me out. It's also good, too, because just having, just like why people get a fitness coach, like having a little bit more of accountability. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. of my business, it's pushing me a bit more, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%, man. 100%. And yeah, if you can get the content down to the point where it's like really consistent and good quality, which it's already coming together really nicely, that's when it's like, again, as I said, like makes sense to start running ads and stuff. Otherwise, there's no point in doing it until then. So we're making good pace, man. And yeah, we'll just keep building on the foundation that we have.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. No, was a huge week, but if I look at me, Nui, what was it? We are 1,500 up from last week. So that's pretty sick.
Kyle Musca: That's sick, man. And yeah, shoot me through all that stuff as well, man. awesome seeing you have wins like that.
arranhumphreys: Yeah. I was pretty stoked. It's like payout for this week is like three and a half grand. So I was like, let's see.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. Perfect, bro. Cool, man. All right, well, yeah, things are going well, man, so we'll just keep building on it and, yeah, go from there. Awesome, bro. Appreciate your time, man. No worries. Cheers, man. Enjoy the rest of the day. You too, brother. See ya. Bye.


>>> 210/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-10T04:59:23Z | id:93243499
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: You liking it? Yeah, it's pretty sick. I've just been working most of the time, so getting over, like, 5 a.m.
Torin McGlynn: to start work. Yeah, I see that. I'm like, you're responding to me at, like, a good hour of my time.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, okay, four hours behind. Yeah, yeah, I know. So it's been, it's been around. I mean, it's not too bad, like, to start with, then, like, the afternoon rolls around, and it's so tired, and then, like, all of a sudden, 6 a.m. around, and then, , I go to sleep.
Torin McGlynn: Feels like that. It feels like that. Definitely, definitely. But it's been a good week, man. This has been the best week of, like, working with you, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome. You'll find it should keep compounding, man. Like, you know, the ads will optimize as time goes on. Yeah. I also think the video ads will probably pull through a little bit better. In terms of the graphic ads are doing really, really well, and they're getting good leads through the door by the looks of things. But the video ads just seem to get, like, get the message across a little bit better.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Good. Good. Thank And like you probably get like a little bit more serious leads out of that. So how are you going? Did you contact Ron on that?
Torin McGlynn: Yes. Okay. So Ron, he said he had a bit of back load. sent him like three days ago and he apologized and said like he's got a back load. took a bit of time off and he's working on it like right now as we speak. He said he's going to do all four of the hooks. I sent him the five transformations. They're not the best transformations, but they're still there. It just shows some proof that I have worked with women before. But that will just get better. That will get better. And yeah, he's working on that. So we should have those. I have it on my little to-do thing where next week it latest is that they'll be done and rolled out, I reckon.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Perfect. Okay. Cool, man. So five calls booked this week. Oh, sorry. Eight calls booked, five taken this week. Is that correct?
Torin McGlynn: Five taken? Yes. Yes. Yes. So, yeah, I had some no-shows, but then I did make some sales this week, which is good. And that, yeah, three sales this week.
Kyle Musca: Okay, okay, so that's quite solid there. Now, were there three no-shows then?
Torin McGlynn: Three no-shows, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, all from the ads then, as well?
Torin McGlynn: I think so, yeah, yeah. I didn't really track of them. Actually, yeah, yeah, I do. I do actually have that tracked. I have the closed thing. Yeah, all from ads. I think one organic and then the other ones from ads.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And what's your prequel process looking like at the moment?
Torin McGlynn: So I've got Clem A. She's not the best at reminding them. Like, I feel like I'm reminding them, which I followed up with her and she's been better on, to be fair. Uh, but the, um... know. Thank So the pre-book is just like reminding them and then I should probably get that presentation that you sent me redone, right? Do think that helps a lot?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would say so. So I redid mine as well, which I can send you through. Okay. Basically, I just changed it to, you know, get like one person a day that says there's like a family member. An emergency that's popped up last minute. Like if you're just too lazy to show up to the call, just say it.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Just because, you know, I was getting like a  ton of people. You'll get a ton of people just make excuses and stuff. So what I'll do, let me try and find. and So So what do, try and what I'll try and what try and what and So So what what what
Torin McGlynn: I imagine it's just inevitable that you're going to get some no-shows, especially with this. would definitely get no-shows. Yeah, it's annoying because two of the no-shows, oh my god, like, I don't know what people, like, people are weird, man. One was like, oh, coming in two minutes, like, can't get the link to work. Sent him the link, and he was like, oh, coming now, it's connecting. Then I look again, one minute later, he's blocked me. Which is not like, I understand.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, some people are weird, man. It's just part of it. Cool. So the only thing we can really do there is just implement a strong pre-call process. So one is it needs a nice post-flow book, which we've already got, like, if you're following the DM script, she's already got a nice post-flow book. Basically means once they book a call, it rounds the conversation up naturally, which is, you know, basically from this. you. time. Out of the script onwards. Sweet, as they're locked in, should have just got a confirmation email. So she's doing that, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, she does.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So that's good there. And then obviously, the videos. Now, you're using Calendly?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I am. One thing that I said to Klemé yesterday is that so many people just don't seem to like Zoom. You mentioned this to me before. And you mentioned that thing with me. To be fair, like, you know that, what was it, the all-in-one thing that you were saying?
Kyle Musca: What's that called again?
Torin McGlynn: I just thought that that was, like, not the biggest mover of the needle, because that would take so much work to, like, create landing pages for everything, whereas, like, right now, it kind of works. I know that, like, sooner rather than later is probably better, but it felt like there was just other things that were more priority than that from last week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, so you don't really need... Go high level with where you're at. It's just a good, yeah, all-in-one system. But mainly I use it just for bookings and like a contact CRM, so to keep all my contact, like an emailing list, essentially. Yeah. And also automations and stuff as well. You don't need landing pages and stuff with where you're at. We're not using any of them.
Torin McGlynn: Do you send SMSs as part of your to get less show, like no shows? Because that's something that I'm okay with paying for. Because if there's no, if I can get people to show up for calls more, then it's, you know, priceless really, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it will. And then I think it's useful when you have like actual closes and stuff on board. Because one, you can see it easily on calendar, but two, you can attach an actual number to go high level. So the closer can message out and like actually communicate directly instead of just through WhatsApp. And so question you Um, but you can do that and go, oh, sorry, in, in, um, you can't do that, but you can have automations in, in, uh, Calendly as well. So once you, we'll go over this, um, we can go over this basically now, but you can go, I'll get you to share your screen.
Torin McGlynn: Sure. What do you want me to share?
Kyle Musca: Um, and then go to Calendly.
Torin McGlynn: Sure. Um, it's funny, like a lot of the calls book around now for next week, normally on Fridays and Saturdays, they book for next week. That's like the biggest days that book calls, um, I've noticed.
Kyle Musca: The other thing with no-shows is like, and Clemé should know this anyway, but, um, try and keep the booking as close as possible to the conversation. So ideally, yeah, we've been here, yeah, perfect. Okay, cool. So, um, stay on that one first. Second, let me just move this out of the way. So you'll see workflows over here. And then I would change to Google Meet if you can because it's easier for people to join.
Torin McGlynn: Totally agree with you. I've already told Pumae I'm going to do that today.
Kyle Musca: So basically, you'll need to upgrade to the plan then by the looks of it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I'll do that after the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think it's just $10 a month, which is pretty good. But you'll, basically, this is where you'll be able to set up, like, emails and text reminders and stuff to the people that come in. Okay. So through Calendly, you just want it nice and, like, very simple.
Torin McGlynn: You just want it, like, as essential reminders. Okay. I probably just need a standard one, right?
Kyle Musca: Not the... Yeah. Email notifications. Yeah, it looks like that. I don't think... You'd need anything more than that, to be honest. But you just basically, okay, so yeah, you'll need to just do that after. It's pretty straightforward, to be honest.
Torin McGlynn: That's fine.
Kyle Musca: That's fine. If you get stuck on it, just let me know. But basically, you just need, I'll show you, I'll share my screen now, actually.
Torin McGlynn: Sure. I'll unshare this.
Kyle Musca: Oh, there you go. Now, this is going to be a little bit more, I guess, complex than what you're going to need through Calendly. So the reason for the simplicity through Calendly is because anytime they've ever booked a call thing through Calendly, it all comes from the same number. So you can't really get, like, personalized and stuff with it. Plus, I wouldn't even really get personalized because you can't reply and DM and go back and forth anyway. So let me not define this. So essentially it follows this framework, but it will be different in terms of, I mean, you can have the emails, pretty much similar. But so basically what happens is immediately when they book a call, you want to text and email, SMS to go out saying, hey, you know, John, you're all, you know, you're all set for the call on October 9th at 10 p.m., whatever. So just an immediate confirmation. 24 hours before the call, basically frame it off. The emails are pretty self-explained. Just, just reminder calls to happening tomorrow at 10 p We'll cover what struggles, goals, and build a realistic roadmap exactly where we're going to take it, get you where you want to be. All right. Again, resource explanatory.
Torin McGlynn: And with the... This workflow I can do on Calendly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's what the work... Yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then 24 hours before the call, hey, so again, I wouldn't have it like this, right? It'd just be like, hey, John, just a reminder, your call's set for tomorrow at 10 p.m. It can basically just be that. I might put together like a little bit of an actual form just for a more basic one. Okay. And then morning of the call, hey, John, just a reminder, we're still good for 10 p.m. tonight. I don't know why I keep saying 10 p.m., but that's what I'm going to keep running with. An hour before the call, hey, John, we're good to go in an hour. Here's the join link. the link. Here's the What's your waiting too?
Torin McGlynn: Bye. Oh, sweet. So there's quite a few SMSs there. Yeah. Okay, cool. Final nudge and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And then it's just like, hey, John, yeah, I'll be jumping on in 10 minutes. See you soon.
Torin McGlynn: Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful.
Torin McGlynn: Just very simple. I'll create that in Calendly literally today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you get caught up, just let me know. I might even make a – I think I've got a simple one somewhere.
Torin McGlynn: I just – I'll have to find someone. Worst time doing that now. That's fine. That's fine. So my to-do's today is do the pre-recall video, do the Calendly SMS thing, switch my whole thing to Google Meet. Probably not that of course.
Kyle Musca: It's not – it should be pretty easy to do. Mine's a prick and doesn't let me log in, so I don't actually know.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I don't – mine lets me log in, so we don't have that.
Kyle Musca: We don't have that issue. Lindsay can do that. You should be fine. then – – Sending out, like, a pre-call, like, actual message, like, like a voice note?
Torin McGlynn: No. Should I get, I mentioned this, too, because I was chatting to another guy who, um, who we were just talking about DM setters, and he was like, oh, I have voice notes included in my DM script, and he said it works a charm. Do you think I should have, like, a, something that I've sent to Clemé that she can copy and paste to people?
Kyle Musca: Uh, not, no, not really, because, um, it will lack the personalization, so it's like, I mean, unless you've got it to do, like, personalized response, and then just, like, scripted response there, that may work, I wouldn't really worry about it, to be honest. What I do, so, I get Clemé to send out a message the day before, like, the night before the call, be like, I don't I'll actually just show you directly, that'd probably be a bit easier. See, this guy blocked me, too. He was in a call today. Pretty common. So weird. So, yeah, we'll finish up. Now, this guy only did this, like, yesterday morning. Yeah, yesterday. Thursday. Yeah, yesterday morning. So I think Clemé actually did forget to message it. But let me find one that she actually did do.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, sweet. Here's the link to join. Ah, okay. You'll make it easier than me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is what Clemé sends the day before. Hey, mate, just looking through my calendar for tomorrow. Can't confirm we're good for 4 p.m.? Can you please confirm that you're still good on your own, too? That'd be awesome. All right.
Torin McGlynn: I mean, compared to what she has on one of mine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So something just... Simple like that. Now the reason we send that, obviously we want them to confirm, but so they, if they haven't replied by the next morning, then I'll send a voice note, I send a voice note regardless, but then I send another voice note saying, hey bro, I still haven't heard back. Can you please just confirm that you're still good for that time today? I've blocked out the entire hour for you and I do, you know, I do a fair bit of work leading up to the call and make sure that, you know, I can provide as much value to you as possible. So, you know, if you could get back to me, I'd really appreciate it.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah. She's, she's actually done that text. Hey, this is for one that I did yesterday. Just looking through my calendar today and can confirm you're at 12 PM. Can you please confirm on your end? Literally exactly the same message that you got there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, it's just a nice, simple one. doesn't have to be crazy, complicated. then, so it's a good, just, you know, if, If they've seen it, but they haven't replied, that's a huge red flag. And at that point, you might even want to give them a two-minute call quickly, like, hey, or even text them. Hey, you know, I'm just trying to prep my day because he saw the message but didn't reply. Are we still good for today?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, this is especially important, I imagine, if I'm getting, like, 20 calls a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just, it helps to differentiate, I guess, identify who's actually, you know, showing up. If they've seen it and don't reply, it's, like, that's a big red flag. Yeah. What I'll say if they haven't, I'll like, hey, and then, yeah, so if they've seen it or they just haven't replied in general, either one, I'll be, like, you know, hey, I'm not going to, I wouldn't pronounce his name because that's complicated. But I'll be, like, hey, John, I was just going through my calls for today. Notice you're one of the only people that hasn't confirmed. Can you please confirm as soon as possible, just so I know you're still good. At that time, I'll block out the entire hour. And I do a fair bit of work leading up to the call, right?
Torin McGlynn: Can you say this on voice note?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Great. Cool. Then I'll usually continue on with this. So I'll say this either way if they confirm or they don't. So let's say he said I'm good for tomorrow. So I'll like, hey, bro, cheers for that. Yeah, just wrapped up. I said just wrapped up chatting to my program director. what's that? So, hey, bro, cheers for confirming that you're still good for today. And then I would say, basically, what we're going to do is cover three things on the call. Number one, what your ultimate goals are. And I try and, like, try and get, you know, add the tonality here as well. Number one, what your ultimate goals are in your fitness journey. Number two, what's holding you back and preventing you from getting there? And I guess, how can we get you there faster and more efficiently? And then number three, we're going to map out a game plan step-by-step so you can actually achieve those goals. All right. Make sure you bring a pen. In paper, everything like that, just to take some notes, there's going a lot of value on it as well. So you try and hype up the value. And if you do have any issues jumping on, I send them my WhatsApp. You're in Australia, so you can send them your actual number. I'll shoot you through my personal number. So just send me a message there, and, you know, more than happy to lend a hand or whatever you say. Otherwise, super keen to see what we can come up with, and I'll chat to you very soon.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool. You send that, you kind of send that text yourself, hey?
Kyle Musca: You don't get a comment to do that. Nah, so that's what I say in the voice note.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, and then the text after that, you have just done that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so then I, if she's done the post call flow, then I'll just scroll up, and I'll just say, and I'll just copy that.
Torin McGlynn: And then resend it. Oh, cool. Yeah, yeah, sweet, sweet, sweet.
Kyle Musca: Sounds good. Yeah, so just giving them, like, every opportunity to access and join as easy as possible.
Torin McGlynn: You have have have You Thank Some Zoom, some Google Meet.
Kyle Musca: So, I don't know why this guy's on Zoom. All my closers are using Google Meet now. If it's for me, I still have to use Zoom, but, yeah, I'm 100% sure what I have.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Either way. Cool. Does that make sense?
Torin McGlynn: That'll make sense, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. Cool. Getting 2K paid in full, which is awesome. Fantastic. Yeah, that's awesome and it's huge because you now have proof that you can't do it, right? Which just takes, I guess, a bit of stress and makes you feel more confident, I'm sure. So, the things with, you're coaching yourself, so it's not that big of an issue now, but, like, when you do get coaches and stuff on board and, you know, you do get a few overheads, you've just got to remember that the cash collected is fantastic because now we've got that person's lifetime value. Right there and then, right? You've just got to remember that you've got the liability of the contract. So what I mean by that is like you've got to fulfill from a time perspective on your behalf of the 2K month, sorry, the three months of fulfillment that you now have to fulfill, right? Yeah. So when you get a coach on board and you're paying them, let's say, $20, $30, you've got to take into consideration the liability of the contract that you have to fulfill, which would be 12 weeks of coaching and paying, let's say, a coach, let's say, $20. What's that? $240, right? Which isn't a crazy amount, but like if you're getting a lot of paid in fulls, then it starts to add up.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, of course. It can be like a couple grand then, can't it? Yeah. Is that where you organize that when you get paid in fulls?
Kyle Musca: Or are you just going to have the cash in your business account and then just make sure you don't spend it? It really depends on how, you know, I guess. Theoretically, and you should probably do this, is you can set up like a separate account in your bank account. And then like, for example, if you do get it paid in full, you can kind of say, okay, well, they've signed up for, you know,  12 weeks, three months. And let's say you have a coach on board, that means I'm going to have to pay the coach X amount over that period. And you might want to just transfer that amount into that account. So, and this is where like a good bookkeeper would come in handy, which I was like looking into, but then I'm going to move everything over here. So it didn't make sense for me to continue on, but you focus on like a profit focused, it's called profit focused accounting. So basically you have an account with your, your revenue. So like everything goes into one account, then you have like a tax account. obviously, you know, you just get whatever you need to pay in tax, you just put aside. So that doesn't sneak up on you, you got an expense. So that's where, like, you know, let's say, let's say, you know, you calculated all your cost to acquire client, your contract fulfillment, if you had a coach X, Y, Z, then every time you got a client, you'd basically just transfer that into that account straight away.
Torin McGlynn: Right.
Kyle Musca: Right. And then you'd have your overall revenue account and profit account. It's four different accounts in total. Again, that's the kind of thing that either you, if you were very, like, picky with numbers and stuff, like any of that type of person, you could do it yourself. It would be relatively time-consuming. Otherwise, what I was trying to do is find a bookkeeper that I can have close communication with that would do that, but that proved to be a little bit harder than you I'll ask my bookkeeper right now, because I've got a Dubai one, and he's sound.
Torin McGlynn: So I'll ask him and see what he thinks. How about that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's, I learned that from Matt Ryder. It's called a profit-focused accounting. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that sounds like a good, it's like clarity. You've got to count with like the money that you can spend instead of just being like, oh. Right now it's pretty mean to the business anyway, so like the ROAS is pretty good and I've got enough money flowing, so it's pretty alright.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, when you're on your own, it's like not that difficult to keep track of things. It's just like, apparently it's meant to make it really, really difficult for you just to go bankrupt, essentially, because it's just all mapped out nicely and you've got your expenses always covered.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: When you're on your own, you shouldn't really struggle with that at all.
Torin McGlynn: Slater down the line though, I love the thinking.
Kyle Musca: You might as well like start playing around with these ideas now, so it's like you don't have to get to it and it's a problem. Like if you're already starting to map these things out, which is what I was talking to you about with the VA on text before we jumped on, so we'll talk about that in a second as well.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I think it's definitely something I'll do, by the way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And especially just starting, like, they weren't, because you won't have that much work for them to do. It's very cost-effective. Like, I think I pay, I think I pay mine, like, less than $300 a month or something like that. But the amount of work she does for me is  quite wild.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's fun.
Kyle Musca: It's real tedious work as well. Like, it's, like, all numbers tracking, all, you know, data entry  like that. It's just, like, making sure no one's payments are failing, making sure she's chasing up with them. Making sure she creates a list, all the program lengths, when their trials end, when their programs end. I'll show you all that stuff, but it's well worth it, I think. If you, yeah, video editor. Just waiting for the first batch of ads back. A little different from mentorship, it took, yeah, I saw that, actually. I was showing someone your account.
Torin McGlynn: I like, you know, once you find a good piece of content, you can just  double down on it. And I was like, all right. bro, I've just been spamming it. Because my brain capacity right now with everything going on is just, like, low. So creativity is not at a high. So I just do the bar recipes. The growth is nuts, though. Like, sent that yesterday. I got 220, 225 now. So it's like, just crazy growth.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I saw that yesterday. Because I was like, when I started working with him, it was a 30k. And when you find a good piece of content, you just double down. I was like, he hit 100k. I this, like 220. I'm .
Torin McGlynn: If someone comes to you and says that they want followers, just show them my account and say that I'm your student.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I didn't say that. I was like, I would say, like, he's, you know, down with the content. don't need to help him with the content side of things.
Torin McGlynn: I'm okay with that, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it's just, and I think with what you just said there, I don't even think, like, try and, you know, divert. Because I've done that, made that mistake before. Like, for me, the reaction videos work really, really well for me. And I was like, no, I want to get into more educational style content. Yadda, yadda, yadda. And then just  tanked hard.
Torin McGlynn: So.
Kyle Musca: I think like once you find, you know, if it's working for you, just don't switch it up. One, your followers have followed you for that one reason. So when you switch it up, they're not going to engage as much. And two, it seems that the algorithm really understands, like it gets to a point where the algorithm really understands who your content will resonate with. So it's like when you do something different, it gets confused and it's like, I'm not sure where I should show this to. Because like even in some of my educational content, like it would just, it would get just as good engagement. I just wouldn't push it, which is annoying because if I didn't, then I'd be , you know, bald.
Torin McGlynn: yeah, my thought process is just, if I can get to a million followers, which I totally think I can, to be honest with you, then I might as well just, like my authority there and like status for someone that's buying my program would just be nuts.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. And then, you know, theoretically, I'm not saying do this and don't spread yourself too thin, but like once you have that authority, you could then, you know, do. Something like Alfie Gets Hard, for example, and you can do content courses and  if you really wanted to.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, we can talk about that later. Right now the coaching, but I totally get what mean. I've never seen growth as fast as mine, so if I look at my 30 days and just take a screenshot and put on my story, I'm sure people will be interested in how I gained 200,000 followers in one month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, yeah, we won't spread ourselves too thin. Growing 20k followers in one day, that's awesome. And then five good videos going well. So yeah, I think on the content side of things, just keep doing what you're doing.
Torin McGlynn: You it's easy. Yeah, we don't need to waste time talking about that. I'm pretty confident that we just keep going.
Kyle Musca: The only other thing I would say there is just, like, Starthron lead magnets into those content pieces.
Torin McGlynn: There's a lead magnet on every single one of them. But it's... For the email list?
Kyle Musca: I would just say, like, just do a really simple one. Like, maybe add the recipe they do. But, like, if you want my version of it, where it's high in protein and low in calories, just comment the word pizza and I'll send it through you.
Torin McGlynn: All right. Just like a really simple... And I'd tag them with a pizza lead tag?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so in ManyChat. All you have to do this, and I was doing this for a little bit. And it did actually work quite well. And I think, you know, I wasn't... For my nutrition and stuff, I wasn't getting anywhere near as much views and engagement for you. But, yeah, so, like, Nugs, for example.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, you're, like, almost doing... You're connecting, literally, the thing that that guy did on my account to them.
Kyle Musca: What's that?
Torin McGlynn: So, you're... Doing a lead magnet, but then you're going straight into this flow. Because I have this flow, obviously, for the ads.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, so they would comment on the reel. So they'd comment nugs, for example. And then be like, hey, so the reason I do this, right, and it is annoying, I prefer not to do this. But, yeah, and I think we can probably sit down and actually, you know, make this a bit better, to be honest. But when it's a comment, you can't do a double message. So it's not like, so with the normal one we do, it's like, hey, thanks for reaching out, delay. I'm sure it's all three, but what's your main goal? You can't do that for comments for some reason. You have to just do one and then you have buttons. So the only reason I do this is to start the conversation.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But in saying that, actually, in saying that, we could just rip this right out and just have, you know, so I'd have the recipe here and then have this here. Yeah. So we don't have any buttons on it. Hey, thanks so much for your support on my content. Here's the recipe. And then we could have Klemé come in and be like, hey, we'd have to filter by time here and think of what we could do here. But like, let's say, you know, because we're tagging them, she could come in maybe 24 or 48 hours, be like, hey, did you get a chance to try out that recipe? You know what mean? And then just start from that. And then, so I've got kind of a... Yeah, so kind of like this. Like, hey, did you get a chance to try out that recipe at all?
Torin McGlynn: Ah, true. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then you can go straight into, have you been struggling with your cutting bulking phase?
Kyle Musca: I don't know.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. if that's...
Kyle Musca: So... So... For this, I was doing a shred or a bulking e-book, so that obviously makes sense there.
Torin McGlynn: I could see it being like, are you looking for, like, are you using these recipes in hopes to, like, lose fat or just for the taste? Because then the taste ones can just go away. Like, you don't need to entertain them that much, because I have so many of them. And then if it's like, oh, I really want to lose some weight and, like, you know, build some muscle with these high-protein pizza or whatever, then we could go with the DM. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: So, we'd have to tweak it accordingly, but it would follow this same, I guess, overall structure, where it's just like, at the start, really, all we want to do is just start a nice conversation. Like, we don't want to, you know, make them think that we're about to try and prompt them something. We kind of just want to be there to provide them value, right, and just have a conversation.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, same thing, you know, get their goal. What are they struggling with? I guess, what have they tried to fix it already? trying to do? So, yeah, and then kind of like we slowly transition into one, we qualify, you what do you do for work, as always? Is highly active or stressful? I find it can play a huge role when it comes to trying to lose weight, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that one's good.
Kyle Musca: You know, okay, that definitely makes a difference with energy, routine, food prep, and et cetera, et cetera. A lot of girls who work admin usually struggle with managing it all while juggling the workload. You know, once we cleared that up, had some proper accountability, the difference was night and day. Out of curiosity, have you ever thought about getting a coach to help you with all that? You know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: See, like, just play. Yeah, it's pretty chill. You don't want to help with just your followers as well, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and I mentioned that to, and I would, and I mentioned that to Klamay as well, is don't push very hard on these. Like, you know mean?
Torin McGlynn: If they're interested. No, she doesn't. They get the offer. I the person that's like, stop texting me, but I don't really care, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, as long as you're having like, because realistically up until this point, you've just had a nice casual conversation with them.
Torin McGlynn: You know what I mean? And you probably just like made them a better follower. They might like your video next time or something. Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: That's what I think about. Exactly. And, you know, it even says that like if they say they have like a bad job, just kind of wrap it up there. Yeah, like nice. That like, you know, definitely helps to engage where your activity, energy expenditure is like on day to day. I think that recipe would definitely help you manage it because it's super easy to make. And then you kind of end the conversation there.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it's funny though, like the categorize people with their jobs, like janitor and like, no, here's just an e-book.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you might even want to add that as well. Oh, by the way, you know, appreciate the follow and the support. I thought I'd send you through this, like this recipe book to help you out on your journey.
Torin McGlynn: Enjoy. Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for sure. Because then you've not only had a conversation with them, you've just given them something. mean, like, Torin's the  man.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, true, true. I can, like, the one with the recipe is so easy because I would just write it in the text. I don't need to make, like, a graphic for it. Yeah. So that's actually a good idea because I have most of them, I do, I do make them more high-protein, especially yesterday's one. And, when I do a lead magnet, it gets, like, 2,000 comments sometimes. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, that's 2,000 conversations Climatic could just be pumping through. If you don't get calls out of that, I'd be very surprised. And then with that, in Calendly, just make sure you have a separate calendar so you can determine who's come from where.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, really? Okay. Sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing as well is we can tag, like, let's say, a lead mag, right? And I think this would have worked crazy, right? So LeadMag, and then what we do is we come in here and we filter. I think I probably showed you this before, but just to show you again. Let's just say this was LeadMag qualified, right? I'm going to say finished flow.
Torin McGlynn: LeadMag qualified, have they gone through like a full flow or something?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially, right? You could do it. You could just do it based off the LeadMag, anyone that came in off a LeadMag in general, because you sent the recipe through, right? Or actually, once you ask the job, you could do it. There's different ways we could do it. We'll figure out when we get there. And then you do system fields, you do subscribes. And let's say you've done, you want to do everyone from September, right? So the month of September. Yeah, cool. So that's going to filter everyone that's qualified through that flow, obviously, in the month, since the month of September, which is 242 people. And then all you do is you'd message through. It's called a magic hat trick. hat Dylan, how you going, man? Hope you're doing well. I've actually got it here. Let me just read it so I don't say the wrong thing. Magic hat trick. Hey, Dylan, how's things? Got some awesome news, man. Every month I do a random giveaway for anyone that's inquired about coaching, and today must be a lucky day because your name was the one I landed on. Haha. You've scored a $500 coaching voucher that you can put straight to any one of my coaching packages. Let me know if you want to click on that, and I'll run you through the next steps.
Torin McGlynn: I can send that to, like, 10,000 people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. It's called magic hat trick. If you did that, that works extremely  well.
Torin McGlynn: Surely I would get booked out calendar if I did that to 10,000.
Kyle Musca: I just don't know how you'd do that to 10,000 people. So, Klamet would just go. We're through and doing one by one based off this. it should just come in here and start a chat.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Okay. Because a lot of the people are just coming for a recipe, but we may as well send it to them. Like anyone, instead of it being like anyone who's inquired about coaching, it could just be like anyone that's like signed up to anything of mine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially. So anyone that's, you know, obviously you'd change it in quite a bit, but, you know, anyone that's met, anyone that's, you know, for anyone that's messaged through for one of my protein recipes, one of my viral recipes or something like that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know I mean?
Torin McGlynn: So. Yeah. That, that I think could be, that could be like a crazy, crazy amount of bookings.
Kyle Musca: Have you tagged him in many?
Torin McGlynn: Chat? No, they're just under, I only have one lead magnet going, so it's just all under training. I don't know if it has a, I don't a tag on it, but all of my lead magnets are pretty much for, for this.
Kyle Musca: realize I've got access to your.
Torin McGlynn: Oh yeah, you do, you do.
Kyle Musca: Is it this one? No. It's the one that has like the most clicks, it must have like quite a few. 4,000.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, definitely that one, training, yeah, that's it, for sure. Yeah, that's what happened last time we did this, last time that you clicked this. wonder if that, that will happen on my account too, I think. I just didn't show the names. Like, I don't know why. Let me click on mine. Maybe it will work.
Kyle Musca: Any specific, any comment? Yes, I don't know how you've even done this. I don't know what this is. Because, like, you can't, I would get rid of this one.
Torin McGlynn: And make one of that.
Kyle Musca: What I'll do is, go on to this, and then... And I'll just put the whole thing over, and then, just so you have the base, and then you can, like, reword it pretty heavily.
Torin McGlynn: To be fair, everyone there is on a funnel of their own. Like, if we create a new one, I could just email them that magic trick thing. could be like, hey, and then name. I just went through my email, subscribers, and you won the $500 voucher.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could. The only thing is you'd have to just attach a link. Like, if want to claim that, book in a call here.
Torin McGlynn: That's fine. I have the calendar link that they can just book on the calendar.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. But the only issue is there is you wouldn't be able to qualify them.
Torin McGlynn: No. Yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: That's true. I mean, to be fair.
Torin McGlynn: There's about 2,000 now-ish email subscribers. But to be honest, if we're, like, it could get messy just, like, trying to focus on another funnel. If we can just divot off that and do this instead, then it's better. Yeah. I can post a video tomorrow and get 2,000 people sent this text.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'd definitely, I'd probably win. Because by the time you figure out how to do all the emails, the only other thing you can do there is like maybe get them to like, instead of you magically won, be like, I'm giving away five vouchers to anyone who's done it. If you want to learn more about this, DM me the word voucher on Instagram, and then you can start the conversation there.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, true. Yeah, that is true. Because there's a bit of leverage there. Like 2000 is not bad on the email list now. But yeah, want to go off of the email list. The email isn't , man. It's not, like, it's not good at all. People message me such random ones upon emails.
Kyle Musca: No, yeah. Cool. So basically, the biggest things here, I would shift this to this. And I'd probably only have one, but you'd only need one, to be honest. Like, just that, that you would, yeah. Yeah, I would just keep it really simple. would cut everything off from this point here. Shift this to just, so it's just. On-message they comment, here's the recipe, and then tag them, and then Clemé can come in and start messaging and tell her just to do it, like, because what you could do there, right, let me just duplicate this. This is what I would do. So every day or so, I would get her to come in here, filter it, you know, tag, qualified leads, . And then subscribed from after, you it's the 10th, so if she's doing it every two days, everyone from the 8th, right, and then that would come up with the list of everyone who's messaged her in the last two days, and then she could go through and, I guess, message them.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Actually, I wonder if you could do this. Yes, to subscribe from, let's say, the 6th system field, subscribed before. Yeah, the 9th, because you want to give them like a day or so. And that should theoretically bring up everyone that messaged through in that time.
Torin McGlynn: Ah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. I don't know why I haven't thought of that before.
Torin McGlynn: I really like the idea of that lead magnet being like the recipe, and then it qualifies them a little bit with, are you interested in a 12-week free plan? Is that what it was or something? Or e-book? And then it kind of qualifies them if they're actually someone that wants to lose fat or interest in somewhat a bit of coaching, because the amount of volume going in now, it'd be good to get them just past that little bit of a line.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it is. The only issue there is like, you can see, oh, this is not your one, but I think mine was, I mean, you could do that if you wanted to.
Torin McGlynn: I'm just talking about the people that genuinely just want to eat pizza and don't care about losing fat, you know? Because that seems like a lot of these people just...
Kyle Musca: You know what you could do here is be like, hey, so you come in and post, I'll you through the recipe, and, so instead of Fathom, and I'll also send you through, and just to help you out, I'll also send you through my recipe book, just so I know which one I'll send you. Are you looking more for recipes just for taste, or are you looking to lose weight?
Torin McGlynn: Or put muscle, yeah, or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so you maybe lose weight, tone up, or whatever, because I think, I would probably do that, because that's, now you're adding, so it's not like, you know what mean? You're adding, so you could do that. I would almost just do, just lose weight, because like, if we have a look at your flow here, I don't know, there's a fair few, oh, same muscle again, there's a fair few same muscle again.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, this is male. Yeah, there is. The male one I add trip.
Kyle Musca: That was male side.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Oh yeah, it's like all fat loss. That's true. Um, women, which is like most of these calls coming in and people I'm chatting to are women.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. So, um, yeah, cool. So I reckon I can do that. Cause that would be a huge play for you, to be honest. Um, like you just get so many  lead, like leads through. And when I've done lead magnets, I've actually tried to push lead magnets, you know, considerably. Um, my cost, cost per call was actually half what it is for my direct. It's just the quality, you know, how the intent behind it is a little bit different.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah, sure.
Kyle Musca: Sure. Um, but also the other thing there is like one, if your sales skills are there, you'll be able to convert them cause you're the face of the company and they'll get  nice and hyped to, um, it will get you a lot of reps in with the sales calls.
Torin McGlynn: So you're really, I'm happy with that. The more I'm just excited to get on the calls, to be honest, I have a really good mindset with it. Like I'm getting the experience where I'm getting where I'm getting. It's like kind of what my, what my mind says.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, absolutely. Um, and once you get good at them, just bang, man, man, like that's sales is where you'll make all your money. So it's like the quicker you can sharpen that skill. It's like the quicker you break into big numbers.
Torin McGlynn: It's already crazy better. Like, I can't believe that I've made the amount of money that I have. I suppose I'm a very welcoming person and I'm like, I can handle conversations very well naturally as a person so that they can see that. That's how I've made money in the past, but like this way of doing it really sparking their emotion, um, is so essential then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a hundred percent. I also think with, did you see that mega guide I sent you through?
Torin McGlynn: I did. I just had a quick, I was walking, so, um.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you don't need to really like read through it that much, but like basically what Clem A will do is she'll use that and it'll personalize the responses.
Torin McGlynn: They shouldn't personalize the responses a lot better. Okay, cool, cool, cool, cool. Um, yeah, so.
Kyle Musca: Just keep an eye on that, because, like, I'm sure if we went into messages, sorry. Are most of these just normal conversations, by the way, like, with ads?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Pretty much every single one.
Kyle Musca: Of course, for us, not.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, these are the... Oh, this is the lead magnet.
Kyle Musca: Gives you a good idea of what it is.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, okay. A lot of people say that it doesn't work, and it  does. Like, it's pretty annoying. But it's fine. Then we ask...
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, so this one, it, like... I think the actual flow would work better than this.
Torin McGlynn: I think so, too. I think so, too. I think what we're saying now is way better. Like, way better. I might even change every few... Sure training, just to a flow like this. I don't know what kind of training I can attach, because as I say, some of my favorite recipes are included, and that's what incentivizes most people to comment to the lead mag, is that they're coming for the recipe, they want something to do with the recipe.
Kyle Musca: Is there a tag on this? There is not.
Torin McGlynn: Tons of text coming through, though. A lot of them just do the flow, and they just never respond.
Kyle Musca: Yes, I think that could also mess up. I'll show you what I mean in a second. Let me go through this. Qualified leads. Wait.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's very qualified.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And I'm going to add the copy here, actually. So I only figured, I only didn't learn this yesterday, but I trying to Michael about it, and I would rather be safe than sorry. So what's happening here, see how it says action on reply, which basically means none of this will fire until they reply, which I'm not sure if, one, you've got the question there, which I think is helping, but I think if, like, they don't reply and then Klamet comes in and sends them a message and then they reply, I'm not 100% sure if it still fires. So I'm going to that, and put it, age, older than 21, you don't need this. Yeah. So that should be fine there. So what we can still do here, though, is still, we can still walk with these people, which is cool. So channel, condition, system field, sorry, custom user field, older than 21. So Chantel's just book. Ops. Aldrin looks like he's booked in. And I'm just checking if you have...
Torin McGlynn: There's like tons of really good conversations that happen that I see, and then they just fall off. It's so annoying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what's happening here is the DM said, and rightfully so from Klamet, is she's just told them, like, stick to the script as close as possible. So there's no, like, you know, discrepancy, because she doesn't want, like, trust them to go off and start talking about   that doesn't resonate with you. So what we're doing here is, like, I'm not sure what's holding me back, to be honest. I just can't seem to gain what I'm putting in. Be like, yeah, bro, that's totally understandable. I've worked with a ton of guys that feel like they were putting in the effort, but just weren't really seeing the results out of it, kind of thing. So we'll personalize the response instead of just saying, that makes sense, bro. I've helped hundreds of guys in a similar situation. Which still works, but it's kind of like in sales when you're, like, you know. I'm not sure what's holding back. You kind of, what you do is you  recite back to them what they've just said to you so they feel really understood and heard.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, totally. You know, it's, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, I'd like to get, I'd love to get to 73, 75 to be able to feel like I've really gained some gains. Yeah, awesome, bro. That 73, 75 kilo mark would be  sick. I don't know. It would obviously do a better than that at the top of my head, but. And you should, should like come through. Read, like, have a good read through these conversations, how they are now.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I did a bit of that two days ago where I just kind of optimized some things with her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it should just, yeah, motivations. That makes sense, bro. I've helped hundreds of guys in a similar situation. I got you, bro. Yeah, motivation can definitely, you know, take a hit, especially when confidence is low. And I'm sure, you know, being. A uni student definitely doesn't help, right? Like, that's how we kind of respond instead.
Torin McGlynn: So should I just send her a text being like, hey, can I change to that?
Kyle Musca: I've already sent her a text to get it started.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, okay, cool. So she's going to do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so just so you're aware, just like see how it's very scripted at the moment, which is how it should be when you have a setup. This should just be a little personalized for you.
Torin McGlynn: Cool, cool, cool, cool. Cool, yeah, that sounds good, man.
Kyle Musca: Super, cool. Well, I think, yeah, probably the biggest thing right now is just keep doing the sales and stuff as we're doing. Get those ads edited. And then try and chuck a lead magnet like we've spoken about on one of your videos, because you can get one of them to go viral and you're getting a ton of people coming through, man. There's a lot of conversations you can start.
Torin McGlynn: I'll do it today. I've got a college cheese wrap thing that will go viral. I can show up. I'm positive. We've got 100K. If you use anyway, like every video I put up gets minimum 100K, so it's like, it will work regardless.
Kyle Musca: And you know what you're doing now, but just, you know, obviously just make it very subtle, very simple. If you want my version, it's high protein, low in calories, just comment the word cottage cheese, whatever, and I'll send it through you.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I'll even start saying that in my videos. Okay, so biggest needle movers for me to do is switch to Google Meet, paper calendly, sort out some sort of text flow, get a new lead magnet. That's a little bit more qualifying and automated, so then we don't have time wasters.
Kyle Musca: I'll send you a full recap of everything we've spoken about today, by the way.
Torin McGlynn: And that's pretty much it, as the biggest move. And then the videos edited, I can't really have control over. He's just doing that in the background right now.
Kyle Musca: He's pretty fast, though. If he's working on today, he should get it back pretty soon.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool, cool. So that's the biggest things. I can get them pretty much all done today. So magnet into my money chat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's already in there. You just need to go reword it accordingly. And then once you've done that, send it through to me, and I'll have a look just to see if there's anything I would recommend.
Torin McGlynn: All right, cool. I will. I'll post that early on 7 p.m. today, so whatever time that is for you, three.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful.
Torin McGlynn: Cool, man. All right, cool.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, man. Well, things are going well. Again, it's like a program, man. We just want to keep building week on week on week, and if we just keep getting better, adding like little improvements, we'll have a really nice wall around a business. The other thing, oh, we didn't even cover the VA stuff. I've got all the like templates and stuff to send you through. I wouldn't get overwhelmed with that until you have a VA because a lot of it is  tedious and just data entry stuff. To find one of those, I would just go on probably Upwork. Upwork, I find, is the best place to find that type of work and just make a post saying you're looking for an operations manager. Yeah, to help with data entry. You know, data collection, tracking, all that stuff. And then basically people will apply for you and you can just interview them.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool. I've got one I can ask if she has time to do because she works for an IA's business that I am very close with her and she's good. So if she has time to do it, I'll just get her to do it because I already work with her, just on a different business. And she's great, she's fantastic. So I'll see if she can, if not, I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you'll usually find like, as long as you find the right person, they're usually pretty  cold. Again, shouldn't really be paying anything more than five USD, five, two, seven USD an hour.
Torin McGlynn: That's fine. That's fine. And then what, like 10 hours a week or something?
Kyle Musca: I don't even think you'd need that to start with, to be honest. You'd probably need like three to five. All right, cool.
Torin McGlynn: Perfect. I'm going to switch. Yeah, I'm going to switch everything to one calendar.
Kyle Musca: I've got like three calendars going right now to rex my head. Oh yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Cool, man.
Kyle Musca: All right, bro.
Torin McGlynn: I appreciate it. I appreciate everything as well. Everything is going well. It was a really good weekend. I'm gaining momentum. think next week we'll do an even better week, to be honest with you. Not a huge amount of calls booked yet, but I think they will. Just two booked in the last hour, so that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome, man. And especially if get that league, man, I'm sure you'll have plenty.
Torin McGlynn: Totally, totally. I'm going to get that done today. That's my big to-do today. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool, bro. All right, well, enjoy your weekend, and I'll chat to you soon, man.
Torin McGlynn: You too, man.
Kyle Musca: I'll speak soon.
Torin McGlynn: See you, bro. Bye. Bye.


>>> 211/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-10T05:41:23Z | id:93246433
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: My one just auto-joined, so I'm like, this meeting is being recorded. Yeah, mine is trying to auto-join, but I always created just a new Zoom link instead of going through the one.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, cool. Anyway, we'll dive in. How's this week been overall?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I haven't checked the weekly revenue at the moment, but I think it's like over 11 at moment.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Nice, man.
Sage Damsma: So... I got...
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, you go.
Sage Damsma: I was going to say, I've got one re-sign coming through today.
Kyle Musca: It's $500 up front. Oh, yeah.
Sage Damsma: And then she's going to pay weekly after that, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice.
Sage Damsma: I had two re-signs because end of the year coming, they wanted to drop off. I couldn't get them to get on anything else, so I've given them the $39 a week thing.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Sage Damsma: And they reckon after New Year's, they're going to sign... Back up to full price anyway. So I was like, rather than you full leaving, you're better off doing this. And now we're happy with that. So hopefully they'd re-sign after New Year's anyways.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, cool. And think I've done, I suppose, like 10 out of 13 calls this week or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, yeah, 16 calls booked, 13 taken.
Sage Damsma: 16. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: 13 taken, which is a really good shop, right? That's very high. So happy days there. And then close rate, 76%. So that's  really good.
Sage Damsma: Nine or 10, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Nice, man. And then a lot of that seems to be reoccurring then if we're only 11, not only 11, but 11 for the week.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. No pips this week. But Monday, I think I had two people put 1,000 up front. Yeah, okay. And then a few other people do. Some weeklies, smaller chunks, like 500 to start, things like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Honestly, like getting reoccurring into this period of the year, kind of what you're doing, to be honest.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I'm honestly happy with that because it keeps on stacking.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Biggest wins for this week, closing and objection handling, new set of booking calls, ops manager, tracking numbers, clients all doing well. So across the board, we're doing well. Oh, yeah, the new set of booking calls, they're doing it right, like good?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, she's good, She's on to it.
Kyle Musca: What I've been doing recently, man, is how's their like personalization and responses and stuff?
Sage Damsma: No, it's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I've been doing is like doing this like, I guess, mega guide where it's like, it grabs your tonality, the client avatar and everything like that, and the way you want to come across. And then it goes and forms this massive  document. Like I was doing one for... Right. Um... Yeah. Yeah. This is the one I did for Torrin, for example, and it forms this math document on exactly how to, you know, text from Torrin's perspective and like how to, you know, handle conversations and stuff like from a DM setting perspective. And then creating a project on ChatGPT where it's this one, it's the script and it's another mega guide I've got on how to communicate like a human. And that seems to be working really, really well because I had one girl who was like getting really good leads, but like just weren't converting into calls. And I was like, what the ? And I was like, I noticed it was just because the setter, the setter's dude was just following the script pretty much exactly and just bleeping out personalization. And then added that and then like within like  less than a day, because I only had a call for like the day after, she was like, there's been so much better. I've been getting so many more calls booked and everything like that. So it depends if you want to use something like that, like if things are working from the looks of things. But if you're noticing that DMs could be a little bit, you know, better, you can get that sorted as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I mean, I'm happy to do that, give it to her, and then she can have a bit of a read and study as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I'll do is I'll get you to send you through this, and you just fill that out, and get it back, make a copy and fill it out and send it back.
Sage Damsma: Sick.
Kyle Musca: I'll get it done, yeah. Cool. Okay. Filling up Harry, so Kawhi's all full then, capped out.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, he's got a few spots, if I need, like more advanced people, but I'm just going to offload everyone to Harry for now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Okay. Okay. Well, well, well, well, well, What? When you come over here, so you're not going to be taking calls, when you get back, though, and if things keep going the way they are, I recommend, honestly, bring out, you know, bring out a high-tier package.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I've actually put on my to-do list on my book here to get Sada on one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and it doesn't have to be anything crazy. Just, like, one, I find exclusivity, you know what mean? Like, we only earn this to 10 people. Currently, there's only one spot left available. And you work with my head coach, Kawhi, and he takes care of all these guys, girls. Yeah. And then, you know, giving him, like, well, I do a strategy call where it maps out their entire week, hour by hour, but I get, you obviously quite a hurry to do that with them. And then, obviously, the check-in calls and everything. And then, like, on that strategy call as well, the coach will run through, like, a different, you know, educational series. Like so presentation that you do for like maybe group coaching, for example, and runs through and then like how to practically apply that to your life.
Sage Damsma: So it's like, you know, talk about calorie banking and stuff like that.
Kyle Musca: It's like, would you like to go out with your boyfriend? you like to go out with the girls on the weekend? Okay, so this is what we're going to do. We're going to look at doing, you know, dropping everything by 200 calories for these days.
Sage Damsma: So that way you can have, you know, this refeed on, you know, Saturday, Sunday, you can go 500 calories over. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Off the top of my head.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, that's good.
Kyle Musca: Those are the main things I do really. can obviously throw another  out of you, please.
Sage Damsma: But yeah. It's good to market to them on the call and be like, you know, if you do this educational part for 12 weeks, you can do this on your own.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the way, yeah, the way I sell it is like, this is really good for like, you know, girls that either have really bad habits, like, and I guess like really bad relationship with food. Bad habits that they really kind of seem to break. Or they just really want to, like, learn and understand it front to back 100% themselves. Or, you know, maybe someone who's really flat out with a hectic work schedule.
Sage Damsma: So, like, fly-in and fly-out girls would work really well there. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And they've got the money as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I can pay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, cool. From seven organic videos, have you been continuing up with the... My phone's , I haven't been able to, like, look at anything all week.
Sage Damsma: Have you been continuing up with food viral recipe  things? Yeah. So, I've done a few more of them. I did one that was, like, a... Just, like, a Woolworths find, like, a high-protein chicken nugget.
Kyle Musca: And it's got, like, 30K at the moment. Oh, yeah.
Sage Damsma: I saw that one, And then a few other recipes and things like that. Just kind of doing bits and bobs, I guess. What's trending.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the recipe.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Still trying to find, yeah. Like, the reaction ones are good. But I'm still just trying to add...
Kyle Musca: Use them. Thank Extra things in here and there. Yeah, the biggest thing with your actual ones, as I'm pretty sure we spoke about last week, is just they're so visually engaging. So it's like, keep it as visually engaging as possible.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: And then what I was even speaking to Torrin about is like, potentially even doing it like a lead magnet on them. So it's like, if you want my version that's high in calories, sorry, low in calories and high in protein, just comment the word  pizza down below and I'll send it through, just to start conversations. And then it'll kind of be like, yeah, so I can show you what I mean. Is that something you'd want to do or not really?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, I get what you mean. That's pretty much the same thing I do with my Takeaway Guide videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, and then what I realized you could do here is like, if you come into ManyChat, and then we don't. We can filter, but what you can do is like filter by, so let's say you tagged in, let's say they were qualified lead. Actually, no, I'm going to do, let's just say you was the qualified lead magnet, but I'm going to go finish the flow. And then you do, what I did before is like you could do system date after, you know, let's say the 1st of September. But then I realized you can actually just, you know, do system flow subscribe before, you know, let's say the end of September. So then it just counts for the entire month, which is handy to know. basically what you do there is you do, let's say you do the video on a Monday and then it's like, so anyone from Monday through to, and let's say it's Friday, right? You do anyone from Monday to Wednesday, because you want to have time for them to like, you know, obviously try and use the  recipe. So, and then it'd be like, hey, bro, you know, how's things?
Sage Damsma: Yada, yada, yada. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did that work? Yeah, cool. So, cool. Just a very brief one there.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, that's good. My takeaway guide one now, when they come through, it asks them just one question, and it's like, are you potentially looking at extra help, whatever, and then it's just like, yes, or whatever it says, and then like, no, just give me a takeaway guide, and then it just gives it straight to them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what I was doing for the longest time, but to be honest, like, when I was doing it, to be honest, I think back on it, I would kind of just like, take that away, and just like, conversate with anyone that comes through, you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. Because like, a lot of people, it's like, you're asking for a lot very early on in the conversation, and to me, I would kind of, maybe, you know, if you put yourself in their shoes, they'd be like, this guy's about to pitch me on coaching, I don't want that. I haven't built the conversation relationship with you to that extent yet, but I would just take it away, and then just... And again, similar to like lead maintenance and stuff and CTAs on organic content is just start the conversation. And then once you get into it a little bit more, then pitch the idea of have you ever thought about getting a coach?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yep. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then you're more attentive in your own DMs or the setterers?
Sage Damsma: Both.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: I've just been like dedicating more time to it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Don't work too much. Yeah. Honestly, I find like with where you're at and everything, and especially if you've got this chick film closing, like I reckon you could easily wake up at, yeah, earlier in the morning and just knock out like two hours worth of work. hours.
Sage Damsma: It'd be pretty sweet. Yeah. Yeah, 100%. I think so too.
Kyle Musca: Which is, you know, cool. Obviously, you know, for a short period of time, you shouldn't really notice a dent in anything. But like, you if you wanted to take a bit of a... Yeah. So... Not a hit, but like a little bit. You wanted to, I guess, earn slightly less and have like a little bit more of a lifestyle kind of business. Then you've got everything in place for it to kind of be like that as well at the moment.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I'm still happy to have everything running while I'm away. I'll just, I guess with the closer, it's the main thing. I don't have to like be out and then rush home for a call.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Sage Damsma: That's the main thing I was talking about, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. 100%. So, fill up, how are you people starting to leave with end of year coming up? Any recommendation to keep them around? So, I mean, do you have- expected. Yeah, it is to be expected. Do you have a list of like seeing when people's programs ends and stuff like that?
Sage Damsma: Yeah. yeah. can see all that . Like when, how many weeks?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So being on all that stuff. Okay. So anyone that's like signed up and potentially like maybe they've been on long enough now that their program will be coming to an end around that period, what you might want to even do is like reach out and be like, hey, there's a very special offer, one-time offer, and you probably have to sit down and like think about how we can form this. But like for anyone that, you know, wants to continue for an extra three months over this period, I'm actually going to extend coaching and give an additional, you know, month or two months absolutely free. All right. And the reason for that is because realistically, like if you're paying Kauai, let's say 25 bucks, that's only, you know, 100 bucks for a month. So it's like compared to trying to get them on for an extra three months now. Whether you present that to everyone, you know what mean, anyone that's like programs coming to an end, or maybe if they just want to cancel something, but like, hey, understand like the holiday period and stuff can get a little bit like dicey and everything. Yeah, actually, maybe you say I haven't launched it yet, but I was thinking of launching it, you know, a thing of, if anyone that does extend over that period of time, I'll give an extra two months of coaching absolutely free. Because if then, then they were going to re-sign in the new year as well, then ideally you'd want to get them to re-sign even further after that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, of course. Yeah. I mean, that's the whole. So, I've got one guy, like one guy's coming up to his six-month mark, or it'll be seven months because he's referred two people. So, yeah, seven months total. And I've got a progress, I've got like a few progress calls booked for next week, so I'm going to try to re-sign them. And if I get the vibe that they're not going to re-sign, then I'll. So, Kind of try to pitch that to them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. And then the other thing I'll do is like start telling your coaches to really hype up how important it is to stay consistent over the Christmas period and how you can absolutely keep making progress while still enjoying it to the fullest. And that's like the difference between people that succeed that don't because they think that, you know, holiday silly season comes up and everything goes out the door and all the work we've put in this year just goes to nothing, right? So like start reinforcing the information of how important it is to stay consistent with coaching and accountable and adherent over this period.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: And then even like, you know, get them to say certain things like where, you I find this is where, you know, you're actually going to benefit the most by working with us because it means that, you know, you're going to stay consistent and balance everything, yada, yada, yada. So just forming a reason to stay.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. Um, yeah, cool. Um, performance nine. So yeah, finishing strong, just leading up to Dubai, which is  good. Having that deadline there, I guess, would help to keep the intensity up. Um, yeah. 10k minimum, continuing filling in power, do some more training with Harry, launch new ads. Yes, I hopefully get the new ads launched today. How's the leads flow going?
Sage Damsma: Seems alright. it's weird this week, cause you, you know, how I always say like Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, there's not many calls. It always seems to be back end of the week, but this week's kind of been almost the opposite. Like I was flat out Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. And then yesterday, I think I had like one or two. Today I had two. But usually it's like Friday, Thursday, Friday, it's like back to back all day. Yeah. Or like, you know, spread out. And then the weekends, usually Saturday, got quite a few come through. Um, obviously I'll still see tonight. There's still been leads coming through every day. So we'll just have to wait and see, but it's just like, we're going to reverse this week for some reason.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Do you want to, can you, when you get a chance, don't have to run out, but can you invite me to your many chat, just so I can jump in there and like look around at things? Yeah. Yeah, because I just want to check where the cap is set up and everything like that. Yeah. Obviously it's in the flow, but I was looking at something with Michael and like some of it was, some of them, a lot of them were set up with like, you'll see it's, this fires when the user replies. So I'm not sure if, you know, if they don't reply and then you message it and then they replied enough, it still fires, but yeah.
Sage Damsma: Cool. Yeah. Still being good though. Like nothing, yeah, nothing noticeable to be like, no, it's not doing its usual thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think, yeah, the video ads seem to work really, really well for you. I think just in general, the video ads will work. But overall, simply because, you know, graphics probably pull in easier, I guess, leads, but they're not as qualified, whereas the viewers can bring more qualified leads and more intent. Yeah, yeah, 100%. It's happy days there.
Sage Damsma: A lot of the girls on the calls, I'll kind of ask them sometimes, like, what was, what kind of stood out to you, you know, with my page or the ad or whatever. And the answer is always the same. It's, like, the content, like, I came to the ad, I was, like, oh, I'll have a look. And then, like, the content on your page was really good. And it's always the simple things, like, the food swaps or, like, the comparisons there. I was, like, that really sold me. Or just, like, the way the messaging across the ad was, though, like, that's literally me. This guy knows my life.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: He knows my problems.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sick. And, yeah, again, that's, like, kind of what you want your organic content to serve as. You don't, you know, it's nice to have it go viral, but, you know, when it's nice and authentic. don't, don't. And I guess even in a sense, it doesn't go viral because people can, you know, see that you're more of a real person than like an influencer type thing. Probably works in your favor a little bit, to be honest.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. I'm not surprised when they come through and they say like those types of videos are what they find helpful. Even like I did one that was like a source swap video in Coles and I had like not many views, a couple thousand views. But that alone, I've had like two, three goals sign up just off that video.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I was kind of the same when I did mine. Like people would come across to my videos and like my workout videos, avoid light-up sessions, would not do that well comparatively. But like people would always say like, oh, I like watching your workouts and stuff.
Sage Damsma: And I thought, that's sick.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, it's good to have for that reason.
Sage Damsma: Definitely. Bit of a mix. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Two, three, done. Overall, happy. Yeah, overall, man, things are good, going well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I just uploaded those last ones, too, into that drive.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so I'll get them up and running, hopefully, so.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no stress.
Kyle Musca: And then you've got the VA and everything like that in there now that they're shipping away and doing that thing?
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. No, he's doing good. He's transferred the boys over to Google Sheets now instead of Notion, and it's just, like, streamlined a bit easier. So when I close on a call, I put it on the closer sheet, and when old mate starts his shift, he transfers it all into the payment tracker, the client tracker, all that , and then the boys take over from there.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's still a quick process in terms of closing to an onboarding there?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, from the actual, I onboard them on the call. So it's done then and there. Yeah. And then once the boys, I obviously let them know, hey, this girl's for you, check Google Sheets. And then I just say, they already know the go, but they give them a call as soon as the plans are. They're ready to go. They tee up a call time and give them a bell and run through everything with them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. I mean, what's the time period between, you know, you chatting to Sign up to plans. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Unlike most cases, like less than 24 hours, if it's really, if we've had like back-to-back people, like maximum 48. But that's like, if I close someone at 9pm, they might not get it till 9pm that next day, but like the next morning after that.
Kyle Musca: So, it's like 36 hours, however you want to look at it. Yeah, okay.
Sage Damsma: But if they close like in the morning, they'll be done like usually by the end of that day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, so. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you don't really get many people like trying to call out after they sign up?
Sage Damsma: Nah, nah. Once they've got their plans, they've had a call, like especially since we mentioned now that they get that call with the boys. Like I get a message from these people saying like, hey, just had a chat with Harry. Like, thank you so much. This is the most.
Kyle Musca: The I've ever had with a coach and this and that. Yeah, sick. The other thing I was looking at implementing with my coaches is like a bit of a roadmap journey. Because again, when we want to extend people on, the main thing we want is like information. You know, they need to know what's next to want to continue on. So I've literally started this within the last week with them. But like something like this, it's like nothing crazy, but like, you know, when you do the first check-in and everything, like there's not really that much information to go over because they don't really have that much data. So it's like you've done the recording and then like there's no wrong need for a check-in for the first week. This is kind of to fill that gap and to provide them the information. So basically every single, the idea would be every single, like the coaches would just make a copy and be like John Smith, EMP Roadmap or John Smith Rival Coaching Roadmap. And then that would come. In here and be like, cool. So, you know, first four weeks, we're obviously going to prime. You this is where we want to just get you into the roots of things, the foundations, build, you know, make sure everything is perfect for you. And then we're going to get more advanced as we go through the program. From there, you know, we're obviously going to be going through a cutting phase. That's probably going to last us. Like, we're going to be cutting this priming phase, but, you we're going to, you know, get nice and aggressive, not aggressive, how do you word it, through this sort of like eight-week, you know, block here where we're going to be really focusing on shredding that fast. When we've got everything in the edition built. By that time, you know, we obviously want to be down eight kilos. So, you're currently at  X goal. We want to be at X goal by then.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then we're going to enter into a reverse dieting phase, right? This is super important. We need to take this really carefully. Otherwise, it risks ruining all the work we've done here, right? Even if they've only signed up to a three-month program, we're still talking about reverse dieting after that. And then we're going to go to proper gaining phase. You know, we, again... We're not just going to add a bunch of fatty tissue on. We're going to, and I would even like, if it was me, I'd even like look at, you know, reverse dieting for a bit longer, to be fair. We're not going be in a proper gaining phase, and this is going to be our peak gain, essentially. Maintain dieting, again, so it just maps out their entire thing.
Sage Damsma: If they've got a holiday as well, you can obviously add that in there too.
Kyle Musca: And then, once you update this, it like updates the entire time frame. Oh, sick.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's all right. And then, short-term, medium-term, and long-term goals as well.
Sage Damsma: , yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, that should be really, really good to run over them with.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. No, that's handy as.
Kyle Musca: And then, obviously, the different blocks and stuff of the training. So, you know, this one, we're going to be, like, building, like, you know, really X, Y, Z, whatever the .
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Is that, like, a template thing, then?
Kyle Musca: And I'd just edit from that. Yeah, so you'd just make a copy.
Sage Damsma: So I'll do it right here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then they would use this as well. So you just go through and obviously, like, change all the coloring and branding and stuff. Yeah. But they would use this on their calls as well because it's like, you every single check-in or every, you know, second check-in or something, they'd pull it up with a client and be like, cool. So, yeah, currently we're, you know, week two into the priming phase. You know, we're well on track. I think, you everything is really nice and set, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. We're just going to do this last week just to make sure that we're 100%, you know, got the habits in place. From there, we're going to enter and block two.
Sage Damsma: And that's where we're going to ramp things up a little bit more, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you just, again, they pull it up just briefly. doesn't have to be super long or anything, but every few weeks just to, so it reminds. Yeah, it reminds the client where they're at. Plus, the coach can also see, you know, because if they're like, you know, let's say they're on, you know. They've gone to, like, week A, for example, of the program. They know now from this point here, if they're only on a three-month contract, the coach really needs to start hyping up the, you know, next phase of reverse dieting and everything like that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it just helps keep them that top of mind as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, that's sick. Cool. yeah.
Kyle Musca: How much is the lamb for the day?
Sage Damsma: Um, I think it wasn't that bad. think it was, like, kind of, like, equivalent, like, calculate what it worked out to be. I think it was, like, 600 or something.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Sage Damsma: That's not too bad at all. Yeah. I mean, in Australia, what's it cost? Like, five grand?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Something like that. Ridiculous. Yeah. Well, I don't plan on driving, like, much from there. was, like, , if just do one day, I'll just get something cool.
Kyle Musca: I would, uh, I would definitely try. And it's like, it's like  Bali, but on a, or Thailand, but on a much larger scale.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And the road systems are , man. There'd be like seven lanes highway and there'll be like a merging lane that comes on, simultaneously a merging lane that goes off. So you've got like people trying to merge at the same time on and on. Hey.
Sage Damsma: It's like Brisbane.
Kyle Musca: I get over-stimmed going into Brisbane. Oh, no.
Sage Damsma: Way worse than that.
Kyle Musca: Way worse. And then you'll have like lanes that will go like straight and then there'll be like a lane that you kind of have to veer off. That's kind of also straight, but it's off to the right. And then you've got like another lane that goes hard right.
Sage Damsma: There's like three different  lanes and across eight different lanes. You're like, what the 's going on here? Jesus Christ. I'm going to have to  stimulate up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then you take like one wrong turn and you've got like another 30 minutes.
Sage Damsma: You just. Add it to your trip. Oh,  me. We'll see what happens. Have you gone to Abu Dhabi yet?
Kyle Musca: No, I haven't gone there. Apparently, they're a little strict Abu Dhabi, though. And apparently, they're like the real rich people, like, hanging out, so.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Other than that, bro, like, things are chipping away nicely. So, yeah, just leading up into you coming over to Dubai, everything is really set. We've got that setter in.
Sage Damsma: I mean, that closer in, like, last minute, which is fantastic. It's a whole club show.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: And he messaged me that I was about to go for a link.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, man, like, really, it's just testing how it goes on autopilot, really, at the moment.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it'll be interesting. It's been good timing, though. think, like, the guy doing the numbers, like, the VA, the new setup. Closer, like hopefully it should run smoothly. They all seem pretty self-sufficient. Like they don't really need me much. The first few days, obviously, because they were just learning. But now like everything's pretty smooth. Like I don't really have to do too much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. And I think the closer, she said she has a couple of friends that could also be interested in taking some calls. So that might also be really handy. We'll see how she goes in terms of skill-wise. But that might also be really handy for when we do the seven-day challenge thing.
Sage Damsma: Because we're just getting them taking all the calls with them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then again, I reckon we also start to think of like what kind of offer can we do around end of year. So for me, I was probably going to potentially do, and I don't want everyone to be doing the same thing.
Sage Damsma: So it'll like different.
Kyle Musca: But was thinking like a , yeah, like the two months free thing. But basically saying like market it through December. Like, you know, everyone waits for the New Year's. But if you're actually serious, there'd be nothing about stop starting now. And just to prove that, anyone that... Joins, you know, Joins Coaching, whatever, in December, I'm going to give you two months extra. So even if you did nothing over December, you'd still get an extra month absolutely free. So if you're serious, nothing's stopping. That was kind of my angle off the top of my head. haven't given heaps of thought. But I think, you know, you could even do that with your seven-day challenge because we wouldn't be marking that on the front end. You do the seven-day challenge. And then on that, like the  call, the sales call that you do at the end of the week for him, you kind of be like, you know, oh, like we actually have this offer coming up. You know, if you join now before the end of the year, we're actually going to give you an extra two months free. So what you can either do is you could like start covering from now, like onwards, you could lay the deposit of $1,200, whatever, and then get two months free additional. Or if you wanted to, we'd even break that two months down over, you know, the entire period. So for example.
Sage Damsma: Less payment, like less chunk, more chunks, less though per payment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so it's like if we did, what's 16, that's four months, 20 weeks. So let's say $2,000 divided by 20, $100 a week. Yeah. Still worth it for you.
Sage Damsma: Oh, yeah, 100%. But I would, again, I would try and get them to pay like at least some kind of deposit to bring that down. Deposit, yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Just to get them committed.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: And then even doing the six months, 35 divided by, what is it, 26, 30, 34? 102. So it still works out the exact same there, actually.
Sage Damsma: Yep. Wow, that's sick.
Kyle Musca: Just to get people like coming in through the door at that time period, you know what mean?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, of course. Oh. Yep.
Kyle Musca: It's the deco. The way off is actually really good because then you could just do a seven-day challenge and then use that as an incentive of, you know what mean?
Sage Damsma: Yeah,  yeah. I had a question too, with Bree, like with the girl in Dubai, are they pretty tight with like covering shoulders, knees, or they're not that bad?
Kyle Musca: Nah, I think it's something like government buildings and stuff, but Bree walks around in like full gym wear and stuff.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I think, you know, you probably get some weird looks from them, full Ear there.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, full- up.
Kyle Musca: Chicks that only like have their eyes covering, they're probably a .
Sage Damsma: Honestly, I wish that could be me. Yeah. Go home and get beat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, literally. But nah, they're pretty chill with it, like doesn't really. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: For the most part. good. But Aaron Humphrey's guy seems to be doing pretty well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he did really well.
Sage Damsma: He's... He's stoked. He's been messaging me like, bro, just did a 500 deposit.
Kyle Musca: Thank you so much for getting me on the call. Yeah, he's done it really well. I think even him is getting into the content side of things really good. So I think I'm popping off for him. He'll crush it in that regard. So good one. You've got people that just do what you tell them to do.
Sage Damsma: Just actually stick to it, eh? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. Yeah. Other than that, we're pretty good. Yeah. Autopilot from now. Well, not now, but like Tuesday.
Sage Damsma: Yep.
Kyle Musca: And then probably we'll just map out a , you know, we've got the framework of how the seven-day thing's going to work. So we just need to do marketing about that and then go from there. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Sweet. I'll be interested to see how it goes and then these new ads, see if they go any decent over the Next month or two months, whatever, just leading into the end of the year. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I've started to notice, like, even this past week, just across everyone's account, really, is people starting to get, like, flaky and  things starting to give up. So whether that's just a, you know, weird coincidence of maybe being start of October or... It's that time of the year. Yeah. So hopefully it comes back down, but we'll see.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Just try and pump as much as we suck as much as we can before December rolls around, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Absolutely.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I was thinking even, I don't know if I'm going to do it, but a thing where set, like, a challenge, almost, like, internally, but maybe do it, just no ads, just on the story and , where set, like, a challenge for, like, it finishes after New Year's. So the guys that are on now, it's almost, like, a little bit of, like, an upgrade for them, and it's, like, an event or something at the start of next year. You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Oh, like for your current members?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's like if we, you know, you upgrade, it's like you only have to pay one more deposit, like, you know, 300 or 400, 500 bucks, whatever. And then in January, this date, we'll do like an event at a gym or something like that.
Kyle Musca: And the deposit would be to cover the gym stuff?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, like a shred challenge. And then obviously we go to the gym, we, you I'll put on, just get, you know, catered or something. Nothing crazy. But something for them to actually, like, commit to over that next three months to look forward to, like, an actual event. And if they fly in, like, I'm not paying for their flights, but at least I'll pay for the venue or whatever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, that's not a bad idea at all. Having a time, like, not a deadline, but like a, yeah, well, an incentive to continue.
Sage Damsma: Something to look forward to. Yeah. And then they've to pay extra, like, it's not like it's free. Like, if you want to do the challenge and the event, like, you've got to pay, like, 500 or whatever. Thank you. Thank I've got to get the costs and all that , but...
Kyle Musca: And then just get a winner, know, whoever, you know, obviously this is just an internal challenge. Whoever wins, I'm going give. You can give three months of coaching or whatever the , maybe give them an actual prize giveaway or whatever.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I would also, yeah, definitely like arrange a bit of a photo shoot or something around that as well, because then you might as well. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: That was like a team shoot type vibe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Yeah, that's a good idea.
Sage Damsma: Something like that. And then, you know, maybe I'll try to track it or see what other areas are around, venues.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm sure they'll let you get in there. James Borden might do that as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, sick. Yeah, that'll be good. But obviously it just depends with Dubai, like if we're going to come sooner or if we wait till next year, how that whole thing pans out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Yeah, cool, man. Sweet, bro. Well, yeah, everything's in a really good spot coming over to Dubai. So is there anything that you want to talk about at all?
Sage Damsma: Yes. Nah, I'm good, bro. Just keep plotting along and see how we finish for the week. And then get on the flight Tuesday night. That's really it. I've just got to send all this  to the closer. I've got a few little things to touch up for the day and then I'm going to chill out tonight.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, bro. Cool, man. All right. Well, can you just see how this closer goes as well? Yeah, I'll let you know. Yeah, I'll see you on probably Wednesday or something.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, that's zero. That's goal.
Kyle Musca: All right, I'll see you, Enjoy your weekend, Cheers.


>>> 212/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-15T05:58:17Z | id:94202816
People: Kyle Musca

Meg Tovey: no, good. This meeting is being recorded. On my agenda for this afternoon to go through those messages because I haven't had a chance to do that yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, cool. So chatting to Michael about what's happening with the CAPI there. Seems to be weird about where the CAPI is set up. What I did this morning is I just shifted it. It was at, like, next, um, next step, but I think what happens there is they have to click on something or it's a trigger, which is stupid. So I just shifted it towards, like, as soon as they click through, I think what the struggle is, then it should fire anyway before that last message goes. So hopefully that clears it up. Um, we'll see. I'll keep chatting to him about it. The cost per result is looking really good. Are you getting a lot of messages through?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And are they sort of, like, quality conversations? I mean... Sounds like you probably haven't had too much of a chance to check.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I haven't. But, like, the calls booked haven't increased at all. So, like, in comparison to when the budget was one-fifth of what it is now. So I don't know if that's low-quality leads or something wrong with the conversation.
Kyle Musca: Well, in that case, haven't we – are you noticing that a lot of people are actually getting into conversation, like, from what you've seen?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, but I can give you better actual numbers after. Okay.
Kyle Musca: All we can do is we can quickly just, like, review it now. Is there anything specifically you want to chat about in this?
Meg Tovey: No, I just get a bit overwhelmed, like, reviewing the messages, like, kind of to have a good process. So this would be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's the best way I like to do it because I've had this issue with Another girl last week, then hence why I went away and built everything for the DM setter, and she said it made an immediate increase. So the best thing to do is come into the flow, and you can see I moved it to start there. What I'm also going to do, yeah, so there's a tag here, so finished flow. So what we need to do is, sorry, come on in. Yeah, filter, tag, finished flow. Yeah, again, doesn't, see, even this hasn't been firing, which I think, so just to show you what I mean by that, should fire now, theoretically, but what was happening is, like, it was attached at next step here.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah, I get you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but, like, you've definitely had, like, you've had 46 of that sent, so for it to sit there and say that you've only had. Yeah. That's not really accurate at all.
Meg Tovey: Plus, I've got my spreadsheet from Clam Alec that has how many have replied and stuff to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, cool. So when I was previously reviewing messages, I'd go into that spreadsheet and I would review any messages of people that replied but didn't book a call. Sorry, what was that?
Meg Tovey: Before, when I was like, before we started, when I was reviewing messages, I'd go into the spreadsheet and I would, for the, like, the week previous or the two weeks previous, I would click on, I'd search in my messages anyone who had replied to the first message but not booked a call. And I read that combo and then gave feedback on that combo.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So these are, I mean, these are, you can do that as well. Either or is fine. These are people that are, like, actually engaged. So these are like, these will be, I guess, people that are more likely to have the actual conversation. You can still do that, though. So they're tagged here with IG ads, all leads. So you can kind of do what I just did there. I just went through and tagged all those people that have actually finished the flow so we can read the conversation.
Meg Tovey: This is way better if I can do it on my computer.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So this is just through many chat, just through the filtering. Three, four months ago, clearance. So she did follow up there, which is good. It's hard to hear, if imagine.
Meg Tovey: So tough. It's a little bit like her saying the same things is a little bit, like, generic. Like, I totally hear you. I totally feel you with the same emoji.
Kyle Musca: All right. Yeah. So that's the stuff I'd probably say. So I just send it back and just say like, yeah, don't do that. Otherwise, is this like wording and stuff kind of better than what it was previously?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, it's, yeah, it definitely is. I just need to go through it properly though, because like, or we can do it now because the book calls haven't increased. So I'm like, there's obviously still something.
Kyle Musca: Also tried shakes that work, but when I stopped it all, back on. So tough, it makes sense. It's hard to stand track. It sounds consistent to me, challenge, especially when I think results. So what have you tried previously? Feeling energized. Okay. So this is something I would send her. So she's. Seems to have, I mean, the conversation itself is good, but what she should have done here is it doesn't feel stuffed in the same cycle, trying to get the same results. So she's kind of asked, again, the struggle again. Yeah. She should have, you know, and this could have just been a mishap of one, but she should have basically gone like, okay, and put this here. Like, if you had a bit more guidance, a clear plan, do you feel like you could get, you know, help there, asking for the coaching questions to let transition into call? So, otherwise, that was a good conversation from the most part.
Meg Tovey: When you do give feedback, like, I've just been sending screenshots and adding my notes.
Kyle Musca: Is that how you do it? Yeah. Yeah, essentially. So I'll come back in here. So that was Lara. I like to come down. Like, I don't like to go through the ones that are, like, super recent because conversation hasn't really had time to play out. She was very blunt there, so that's not a good sign. Mums can also be very hit and miss as well, like just the mum demographic.
Meg Tovey: So, yeah, no follow-up there.
Kyle Musca: No message there. What's... Ah, there was no message there to follow it up there. What's weird is they seem to... They seem to be finishing the flow, which is... I guess we've just tagged all these people as finish flow, but... They're not continuing the conversation from that, which is annoying. Nutrition, yeah. Like, 11th of October, 7.23. And then she just liked that, but that was... 7.46, so it's like that's a pretty fast response time. I don't know if we can filter it here, but actually, yeah, okay. . So what we could do here.
Meg Tovey: I can tell you some of the ones that, so Felicia signed up, she's the one that signed up, but she told me on the call that she is friends with my fiance. And say his brother. Tina Drummond booked a call. She's one of the ones that cancelled. And Sammy Knight that I just saw before, I don't know where they've gone. She was, like, she said yes to a call and then I personally sent, like, three follow-ups because I'd booked her in for the time she asked for and then she, like, didn't accept, like, she didn't fully, she didn't say a time. She said, like, morning, so I booked her in for a time and then sent her the message and then. Yeah. Sent like two or three more follow-ups, and she just never replied, and she'd seen them all. So I just cancelled her call.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I think the – have you gotten the post? Has anyone booked in since then?
Meg Tovey: No. What about Smalls Adventures? Because she sent the call message there.
Kyle Musca: I do admin in the hospital, so death must be a day, but I always go for a walk-on break. It looks like it's worth a deeper dive into what you're doing.
Meg Tovey: Well, that was on Tuesday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so was yesterday.
Meg Tovey: Oh, right, yeah, on Wednesday. But, like, that, she's, I don't know, I'm getting the vibe that's that response is quite cold. I don't know what's before that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely.
Meg Tovey: But, yeah. That's not enough. Not enough, like, pain point language from them before pitching a call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the issue, though, is, like, if they're not really drink, you know, conversating here, if you keep the conversation on, it'll likely go cold, so you can't have to just. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: So, know, try and counter-counter. it's, like, that I'll have to say, and I don't know how good they are at doing this, but, like, there's our, you know, start, like, tone of voice and everything. But then it's also, like, important. To mirror their tone of voice, because, like, if they're super, like, cold and then there's, like, all these love heart emojis and stuff, it's, like, deterring.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You could. Very basic, we do work. I mean, it's not. If someone's writing like that, I probably wouldn't be doing all those emojis. We could look at. In the guide, it does say to not overuse emojis, but obviously it's still using at least one per message. So you can. We could try and train it to mirror, but I don't know if we'll be confused. We could do a mirroring guide as well, to be fair. Yeah. County cows have been lifting four times a week, just falling out a bit in a second. It's actually amazing, you've already got some good habits when you're tracking lifting, you've just given just food settings that you struggle for.
Meg Tovey: What was the actual goal and pain point? Because it's very process-driven.
Kyle Musca: It's been, it's a Monday, how long have you been able to 10, 20 kilos, two years?
Meg Tovey: There's no question around, like, what's motivating them to want to lose the weight.
Kyle Musca: What's been holding you back? What's been holding you back? If you want, it's been on and off, the wall is moving, it's good to move. So this is struggle.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, but it's still like what do you feel makes it hard to stay consistent is still like process kind of driven rather than like getting them to say how they feel in the body they're in or like how they feel when they fall off track and that kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we could definitely, the thing I'm looking at is like the conversations from this one and the one I've seen before. Four is like, it's asking struggle here, and let's say I struggle with food, to be honest. What do you find yourself when it comes to, I mean, she's trying to get, I guess, yeah, more of a tangible answer out there, which, you know, is, I guess, in a sense, good, but. Out of curiosity, what have you tried? So, she seems to just kind of be stuck in, potentially trying to get more of an answer out, but not really, like, you can't  beat ahead, you know, you're just beating your head against the wall there, and the conversation's more likely to go stale. So, guess, yeah, definitely, we basically, yeah. I guess I could have pitched a call there, do you reckon, after she said, yeah, definitely? Well, realistically, like, this message, this message, and this message are all trying to ask the same thing. So you could have condensed it by three, or she could have condensed it by three messages. Because, like, and I assume what she's potentially trying to do here is trying to get, like, more of an answer out of her. But, like, this girl just seems to be quite a blunt texter in general. So it's like she's probably not going to get that. And then she got the work, which is good. The conversation started moving. To be fair, this is still only 17 hours ago. And, like, Tuesday at, you know, 7 and then, I guess, 10. And then 1. So this girl just seems blunt, but I would say for her, she's just up. Asked the same question three times in a row in a different way, which is unnecessary.
Meg Tovey: How do I articulate that feedback without her going back to what she was doing before where there was like not enough context from the other person?
Kyle Musca: Have you told her to try and get more context out of them?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, you could, so one, I would say what you like about it, like, hey, really like, you know, the answers are getting more, you know, personalized and everything like that. The responses are good. See, I would, if anything, like, instead of trying to try and, you know, get more, like, kind of re-ask the same question to get a better answer. If, if anything, I would either try and continue with the conversation and try and get them on a Or if you are going to try and, you know, get more out of them, I would in a sense challenge them, right? So what I mean by that is like the same way you do on a call, someone was giving you really blunt answers, I would just be like, well, is this even big enough of a problem for you to want to look at getting a coach? You know what mean? Like if someone's that, because if someone's not giving you enough information, then you kind of have to just say like, well, you have to step back and try and not look desperate and be like, well, why are we even talking? So I'd say, you know, that's, you know, how long have been trying to lose the weight? You know, maybe two years. Two years is a long time. What's been the biggest thing holding you back? And I've lost weight in the meantime as well. So she's asked, you know, again, you know, what do you feel like makes it hard to stay consistent? Struggle with food, to be honest. Like, okay. You know, totally good that food can be a tough one, especially when it gets busy. Instead of, out of curiosity, what do you find struggling with the most when it comes to food? Be like, more than happy to, you it sounds like you've been doing this for quite a while, and I'd love to get to the bottom of it, but you're not really giving me too much information to work with. Is this even big enough of an issue for you? Is this even really an issue for you that you're actually serious about? You know what mean? Because it's like, the conversation's going to go stale either way, so you might as well just, like, say, give me more information, or let's just  end it here.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you're getting a lot of these, and it kind of seems like you are, so it's like, two options would be a challenge, or just progress the conversation as usual, and try and get them booked in on a call, and hopefully they'll load up more there.
Meg Tovey: Well, yeah, but they're not getting on the call, and I'm not...
Kyle Musca: Doing the conversation. Yeah. So it's like if you're going to give a feedback, I'd probably say like love the, I really like the personalized responses now. If people are being really blunt after, you know, let's say two, you know, two things, two questions, they haven't really given much information, please like, you know, challenge them in a way. And then we'd have to try and, what I might even do there is, let me see if I can, let's see if I can do, try and train them on how to do that. Thank you.
Meg Tovey: Um, I'd said, so prior to us, when, like, starting, when I was, like, noticing that she was just following the framework and not really, like, getting more kind of pain, I'd pulled four conversations, four that converted to calls, four that didn't, and I said, like, what do you see as the biggest difference? And she was basically saying, oh, it's people that had financial problems, and I was like, no, that's not it. I said, I noticed a huge discrepancy between the amount of information they're giving us before posing the call. And then I said, if you have a look again, the ones that did book, gave double, if not triple, triple. Length of responses compared to the ones who didn't. Then I said I need to ask follow-up questions outside of the script if they aren't giving enough details or sharing enough vulnerability about their goals and their pains. You're getting people to open up about their pain and then moving straight into are you sitting down all day, so you're skipping the most important part of the set. As soon as you get to the pain, more questions around how does that impact you, oh sorry, the problem. More questions around the pain basically, in a nutshell is what I was saying. Get them to open up more. So yeah, I just don't want to like sound like I'm, I just don't want to confuse her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, definitely. It is because anyone like who's giving more information is obviously going to be more serious. But at the same time, like that is just going to come down to like, well, how do we get more information out of them? Which is like, we could. Just keep asking them the same question over and over and over in different ways, but the likelihood of them actually, like, you know, just responding better is unlikely there. So I think it will be more so, yeah, just challenging them. And what I'll do is I'll go see if I can, like, build something to train the bot how to do that. Or we can just kind of say to her, we can just kind of say to her, like, if they're giving blunt answers after two, if they give two blunt answers in a row, I want you to challenge by saying there's a version of this. And it'll basically be like, well, no, you did message me through. You said you've struggled with X. You said you'd be trying to lose weight for two years and you're struggling with X, but you're not really giving me much more information to go off. Are you sure that this is even a serious enough problem? Yeah, we could look at doing that. Like, if they give a blunt answer on goal and struggle, um, So say, you know, you reached out, I get you, like it seems like you've reached out because you've been trying to achieve goal for X amount of years and you've been struggling with X, Y, Z, but you're not, doesn't really seem like you're giving me that much information to go off to actually help you. Are you sure that this is even a big enough problem for you to want to sort out something like that? Like I've reworded a little bit, but basically the essence of that. And really important, you say like, it seems like, because it's called a label. So by saying that it can take away the offensive, you know, some people can be like, take offense to it. So when you say it seems like, it sounds like they can correct. Do accordingly if that's wrong, which is what we want.
Meg Tovey: Can just get this to you to edit? I was trying to type it as you were saying it, but it's got a few mistakes.
Kyle Musca: you're good.
Meg Tovey: Because I don't want to say the wrong thing. Because, yeah, that message could easily come off very, like, cunty.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's what, when you ever have to say a cunty thing, it just, you just say, like, it seems like, or it sounds like, because it's either a label or a mislabel. So even if you get it wrong, and sometimes you'll intentionally mislabel because you want people to correct you. So ideally, we want them to come back and be like, oh, no, no, that's not the case. I've just been caught up with work.
Meg Tovey: It is actually a really big problem, X, Y, Z. Yeah, yeah. I've had, yeah, a couple of people on calls like that where they're, like, super egotistical and they want it to seem like they're, they don't need help. And I'm like, well, you're on the call. So I'm like, oh, it seems like you, I haven't did that with one chick. It seems like you, like, you're kind of happy to keep. I what you're doing. And she was like, what? Yeah. I was like, oh, no, well, actually. Yeah. I just sent the, I typed it out as you were saying it sent it in the chat if you could help me.
Kyle Musca: I guess you've reached out because you've, I guess you, you've reached out because you've been trying to achieve goal for X amount of years and you've been struggling with X, Y, Z.
Meg Tovey: I think the emojis kind of take some of the authority away too.
Kyle Musca: You've been struggling with X, Y, Z, but. It doesn't, but... I haven't really given me too much information to be able to... Yeah. Sentence. Are you sure? Bigger. Better. Tell. For you. Are you sure? You are. Yeah. Two effects. Are you sure this is even an issue? is even an issue. even A big enough issue for you to want to get extra help to fix. Yeah, so you've reached out because you've been trying to achieve X amount, trying to lose. They're pretty much all weight loss, Yeah. Trying to lose X. And they all say the time they've been trying to do it?
Meg Tovey: No, that's one of our script questions.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right. Okay.
Meg Tovey: It's a soon, I think it's one of the first questions that is like manual. Okay. Okay. I can tell you.
Kyle Musca: Thanks. Are you sure this is even big enough issue for you to want to get extra help to fix? Yeah, something like that, I would say.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, love it.
Kyle Musca: Because, yeah, mums just can be very, you know, flaky. Like, they can be very, you know, want to do something one minute and then completely give up one or the next. Cool. And then. Awfully. Awfully. She's the one that signed up.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's go back. So, I mean, a lot of these are getting to the actual, like, call prompt position. Tried everything, I can't lose weight. Until get that, the worst part, you feel like you're doing everything, and nothing's going to change. What do you feel like? What to do on time? So, I don't know. Okay. So, one thing I'd say here is, like, this is conversating too much through here. Yeah. So it's like, and I had another guy that, you know, had kind of similar conversations, like, again, every time you send a message, we're adding a piece of friction in, so then we have to rely on their response, and it lowers conversion rate, which is why, like, I like the script to be as quick, straight to the point as possible. I would say, like...
Meg Tovey: She also didn't follow that one up. And after the, posing the call on Sunday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So she definitely needs to get better at the follow-up as well. The automated, but touch base, so similar. Next, Julie. Have tried everything. So she's tried everything. So anytime someone says they've tried a lot of things or everything, it's like, that's already a green flag to say, like, well, this person's probably experiencing quite a lot of pain. And effort, what do you feel like has been the hardest part about keeping the weight off?
Meg Tovey: Like, I kind of also feel like, what do you feel like has been the hardest part? Like, they kind of already said that with have tried everything. But I don't know whether that's just because I'm a coach, so I know what that means.
Kyle Musca: Like, I can see beyond that. I wonder if we could say, because the motivation question I like, I just don't want to add too much friction. So I wonder if we could put, how long have you been working towards losing 10 to 20 kilos into this message here, if we can add the user field, which we should be able to do? Because they say, because so yeah, it's a main, we'll change that. And like PS, just so we can dive in, how long have you been trying to lose 10 to 20 kilos? And even, and we could even look at doing, or even in the first message, it doesn't really matter to be honest, but like how long have been looking, been working towards losing 10 to 20 kilos? And I guess like, what is your main motivator to actually get it done or something like that? So just combine the two, because there's still like, one's just a quick tangible goal. See, this is not like a very open-ended question here. Like how long have been trying to lose 10 to 20 kilos? And then it's just like a couple of years.
Meg Tovey: And then she added on. It's a low friction question though. Like it's easy for them to respond to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it is. But like we want to always look at opening up the conversation and we want to open, like ask good open-ended questions to get them to expand. So it's like when we just say, you know, losing 10, 20 kilos, like I would just fly off, you know.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. does he do on text? Like, oh, I've just been, I've been trying for a few months, but nothing's worked.
Kyle Musca: And that doesn't really give us much information to go off because we do it now. Obviously, we're going to ask, like, what are you struggling with? Like, even in, you know, let me. Do you have a specific, so you're asking for, like, a tangible number?
Meg Tovey: Oh, that was four.
Kyle Musca: Which is good.
Meg Tovey: What's that?
Kyle Musca: So you're asking for, like, a tangible number in terms of, like, how many, how long are you trying to lose the way, which is good. Like, it's a good question to ask. But I would just follow it up with and double it up with, like, and, like, what is your biggest motivator to actually, you know, like, get it off, essentially, a version of that.
Meg Tovey: Motivator for wanting to lose it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, like, because then it opens them up. And the motivator question...
Meg Tovey: it's great, and I'm curious, what actually is your biggest motivator for wanting to lose it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Because then it's like, I've been looking, I've been trying to lose for the last couple of months, and I really want to do it so I'm a good role model for my kids. Because then it kind of, like, the motivator question is good because it reinforces, like, why they want to actually, obviously, get it done. And that keeps it top of mind. And then I would just go struggle. Okay, okay, what do you feel like you've been struggling with in that time to actually lose the weight? And then I wouldn't try and conversate after that. would just be like, okay, and what do you do? Like, where are you based? And you don't even have to say where are you based.
Meg Tovey: You what do you do for work? Like, is it highly stressful or very active? I've seen it all. She's based, where they're based for the time zone, but.
Kyle Musca: Yes, you could slip it in eight. You could say that's not like super important. You could say where are based and what do you do for work for the time zone. Or when you go to the book in the call, it's like what's the best number and then what time zone you're in. So either one, either option there is fine. That's not super important there. I say where are you based and what do you do for work.
Meg Tovey: So it's absolutely fine to say that, put it in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But like you can see with mine, it's just like goal, struggle, qualifier, let's book a call.
Meg Tovey: I feel like this is what we were doing before though. And she was posing heaps of calls and they weren't doing them. Like they were ghosting from there. And I feel like we're actually getting a lot more responses now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So was she just following the script before? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like, we want it to be nice and personalised, but we don't want is still a script, though.
Meg Tovey: Like, if I show you, can I screen share?
Kyle Musca: Yep. Yep, should we go now?
Meg Tovey: I haven't necessarily changed the script. Like, this is still a script. So from here, I just added that in that we just said.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I don't think you should.
Meg Tovey: I'm still voting. I don't know what it takes to do. Seven hours later.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: So, yeah, this is what I just edited then to add the motivated question. Yeah. So, Then it's a struggle, this, that, this. So I didn't actually change the script. I just sent her a message saying, like, that we need them to give us more about the, like, give us more pain point kind of language before posing a call. So she's, like, asking follow-up questions, not necessarily in the script.
Kyle Musca: What's losing mate and motivator, cool. What do you think is potentially causing this kind of issue? It's a struggle. Where are you based? yeah, Joel. Where are at? Where are in all of micro-organization for you? Okay. So yeah, that's good. Yeah, so. Thank you. You So, and then just even like a slight wedding change, I'd say like, what are you based on what you do for work? Are you in your feet all day or in a chair? Yep. So that's fine. I you could, so I like to add stress in there because especially with like mums and like, you know, women and stuff, stress is a hormone at the end of the day. And it kind of helps just disguise it a little bit more. Yeah. So it was a qualifying question. And then instead of, to be honest, it looks like it's worth a deep dive into what you're doing and what you need in order to make a recommendation for you.
Meg Tovey: Wait, sorry, how do I add the stress thing in?
Kyle Musca: So are you on your feet all day or in a chair? And you could say, and is it highly stressful? Or you could say, what do do for work, by the way? Is it highly active or stressful? Either one's fine.
Meg Tovey: Wait, both of them or just one of them?
Kyle Musca: I would say, is it highly active or stressful?
Meg Tovey: The other thing is a lot of them are not working.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's a big problem. So what we can do is, because the broad's bringing in, like, good cost per result and stuff, we can change the targeting around to be like, I mean, we don't even go mothers, but, like, we can do, like, target just, like, a broad job interest to, like, try and, I like to do that when we are getting, like, a look. Because especially mums, there's a lot of single mums out there that just don't work and they just  love to mess it through. Yeah. it's like, yeah. Yeah. Or do you have the funds to afford this?
Meg Tovey: We also don't have to target mums.
Kyle Musca: No, so that's what I was saying. Oh, in terms of the media or the audience?
Meg Tovey: Well, I don't know much about the audience side of things, but, like, we don't, we're happy to work with any women, but I would just like to keep them, like, 30 plus.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, we've got all the media for mums. I wouldn't, I mean, we could target mums, but the algorithm should take care of that, and to be honest, like, most, you know, women in their 30s and stuff usually tend to have kids when they're working, so it's like we don't niche down too hard there. So, and you're noticing a lot of them just don't have jobs?
Meg Tovey: No, not necessarily.
Kyle Musca: Okay. If it was a problem where, like, a lot of them had jobs, that's where I'd, like, niche down a little bit from there and, like, try and just target women in their 30s who have, you know, job titles, essentially. So, and
Meg Tovey: Um, no, it's not, I just meant more so to have an option, but like, she's already doing it, but I just meant to put it in the script.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, this is a financial qualifier, essentially.
Meg Tovey: Like, we just want to make sure that they have some sort of income. I did copy those down and change them from yours.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Uh, low income, yeah. So, and then if they say, you know, I'm a uni student or I don't work, and it's like, we ask a hard financial qualifying question, but we want to avoid the conversation of, you know, proper money as, as much as possible. We don't want to go down to them turning around.
Meg Tovey: What does it cost?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. highly active, stressful. Um, yeah. So, can keep value and feed all data and share. That's fine as well. Um, and then, so instead of, to be honest, it looks like it's worth a deep dive into what you're doing and what you need in order to make a recommendation for you. Maybe, maybe say, I'd love to take a deep dive into what you're. I'd love to take a deeper dive into what you're doing and what you need in order for me to make a recommendation.
Meg Tovey: I actually did one the other day myself that worked better a couple of times, if I can find it. It was basically like, I'll try and find it, but it was basically like, oh yeah, I was helping, you know, insert Joe Blow about this, with this same thing the other day. Would you be opposed to jumping on a quick call over the next couple of days? Blah, blah, blah.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah. Yeah, that could definitely work as well. Yeah, you could say like.
Meg Tovey: Cause then, then it's easier for them to say like, yeah,
Kyle Musca: A more casual. Yeah. You could say something like, oh, funny you say that. was actually helping another girl in nursing the other day with a pretty similar issue. You're like, oh, funny you say that. It's actually helping another girl who did the job. Struggle. And I would send. Oh, yeah. And then.
Meg Tovey: Let me just check what I actually said. I wish you could search. I can't remember who it was for.
Kyle Musca: You'd be opposed to jumping on a quick call, then.
Meg Tovey: Would you be opposed to hopping on a quick 20-minute call over the next few days and I can help move you in the right direction? I don't know if that's exactly what I said, but it was something along those lines.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then I would copy the would you be opposed to jumping on a quick call into the second box. Yeah. Funny, I was actually helping another girl who did nursing with the same struggles with, yeah. Maybe I would say, like, before Would You Be Opposed, be like, because we want to, like, make it seem like they're on our time. So, like, something like, you know, I've got to run soon, so I couldn't do right now, but Would You Be Opposed to jumping on a quick call? Because then it seems like we're not trying to chase them.
Meg Tovey: It's like, well, you're on my time. Yeah, I love that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, that sounds a bit better. Yeah, cool. Okay. So, and then I would just tell Clement, like, I've just updated the script a little bit. I've been loving that. Personalization. So maybe give her a bit of a feedback and I'll send you a recap of everything we've spoken about, but like, just reading through a couple of conversations, loving, you know, the new personalization. One thing I noticed was like, as we spoke about trying to get a little bit more information out of people that are blunt, seems to be kind of like, you know, prolonging the conversation and leads seem to go cold. So instead, can we please try challenging by, you know, if they are doing blunt, can we please try challenging by saying the message we said before? And I also just made a couple of changes to the DM script as well, just to try and, you know, maneuver it a little bit more. Something else. Kind of bandwidth.
Meg Tovey: Kind of photography. Good You Yep. Okay. And this is fun, like, what time of day works best for you over the next few days, because I did tell her to, like, try and book them in for the next day. So how could we word that, like, because otherwise they go on free on  Friday at 4 p.m.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You could say, like, instead of a few days, just say day or so, day or two, over the next day or two.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Or day, yeah. Yeah, and then that should be pretty good through that period there. And then, and then if scrolling down, is that the post-booking flow you've added in?
Meg Tovey: Yep. Hang on, where is it? Wait, did I put it somewhere else?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think that should help massively increase show-up rate, because I built an AI bot that, like, booked in a call, but then I couldn't continue on from there, and then it, so it didn't have a post-booking flow, and as I said, it went from, like, 60% show-up rate to, like, 20%.
Meg Tovey: Wait, maybe I put it in. The wrong one. I'll have to find it because I've  spent ages putting it in here.
Kyle Musca: So I need to find where I  put it. Yeah. Okay. Perfect.
Meg Tovey: But yeah, I think. Or maybe I'll just message it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'll be keen to see. Yeah, adjustments, man. Because one, mean, from like what I saw, the marketing side of things, like the cost per result looks actually really healthy. A lot of them are sitting in between that $8 to $12 mark, which is really good for a cost per result. Hopefully the lead stuff starts kicking in for us and we can get like a little bit more of an accurate measurement. But a lot of the people coming through are actually finishing the flow. The conversations look pretty decent in terms of just having conversations in general. So hopefully this fixes that. And tries to get, like, increase the booking to, lead to booking. And then, yeah, we can go from there. And then we'll monitor how you go. Like, if you are getting, like, a lot of people that are low quality or just don't have, you know, jobs or finances, whatever the case may be, let me know. And then we can niche down the audience side of things a little bit. But otherwise, we're starting to collect data anyway, so we can kind of, like, look at getting some ads, scripts done, the video ads as well.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, cool. Yeah, I just, yeah, this is kind of the, I think, yeah, it's refining the script and setting because, like, we were getting decent people opting into the weight loss thing before, but it was still the same problem. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think that's the kink in the chain at the moment.
Meg Tovey: So we just need to iron that out. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Any other questions on any of that stuff at all?
Meg Tovey: No, I do not. I'm just going to go find where I put this in. Perfect. Awesome.
Kyle Musca: Well, keep me updated with that. I might even just pop in and have a look at the conversations and stuff every few days as well. And then, yeah, we'll just go from there.
Meg Tovey: Amazing. Thanks so much.
Kyle Musca: Thanks. All right. Well, yeah, enjoy the rest of the day and I'll chat to you soon.
Meg Tovey: Thanks.
Kyle Musca: Bye. See ya. Bye.


>>> 213/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-15T06:50:58Z | id:94206122
People: Kyle Musca

jese Smith-shields: We'll set up, but everything within the general article is all set, and I've spent a bit of time in the system learning it, and that's so much more easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's just a pure strapping head around it, like you used to it. So the number's all sorted. She's messaging through.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it's all sorted. She's got, it's all the flows all sorted.
Kyle Musca: Everything's all sorted. Okay, perfect. Well, means as long as you're confident with it, can pretty much just cancel calendly. Yeah. If you like. We'll start with the basics and stuff. How many calls have been booked over the last week or so?
jese Smith-shields: I'll grab up that dashboard. She said she edited it for us.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah. I'll let show your screen here.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Where did you go? I'll let show screen here. I'll screen Is that sharing across? There you go.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful.
jese Smith-shields: Yes, I still don't understand these whole metrics, but she said that she jumped in and did the editing for it.
Kyle Musca: So, one, with this, you clicked this little. She needs to obviously redo the, oh, maybe scroll it right. Maybe that's why I'm not sitting down. Oh, yeah, so she's done it, yeah. So you click these little plus things at the top and it'll expand a month or minus and it'll close the month. So I can already say that 317% booking to lead is not correct at all. Or%, click the I So Cost per conversion. So you spent... Let me have a look here real quick. me pull it up. Did she get on the phone with my VA?
jese Smith-shields: No, your VA did a video explaining it and how to use it, and then I sent that across to her. I was trying to read these numbers last night, and yeah, I was a little bit confused about what those numbers actually...
Kyle Musca: So from the 2nd to the 10th, let's have a look at that. Is it the 2nd to the 10th, the 2nd to the 9th?
jese Smith-shields: The 2nd to the 10th, yeah.
Kyle Musca: 10th, okay. So that's a little bit off, but not that far, total leads in Ads Manager. Your leads weren't pulling through, so she should go off cost per message, which is good, which is what she seems to have done. Maybe she's done the third to the ninth. 93. Yeah, so it seems like she's done that. So that's right. Cost per conversion. What's that? Total leads in many chat ads. So that's not going to be correct there because the leads weren't pulling through properly. So grab the 94 and chuck it into the 16. We'll just go off cost per result. And then click editor. Yeah. Okay. So the total ad bookings is 14. Is that accurate across yours and Marina's?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it would be close.
Kyle Musca: I'd have to double check. Okay. So just making sure she has access to both sheets between Tommy's, yours, and Marina's. Moving forward, probably only be yours and Marina's. But if she draws only information off Marina's and you've taken like, you know, five to 10 calls, obviously that will skew it a fair bit. Yeah. Booking percentages are good. So the cost per lead thing was  up again. So I just. For some reason, what was happening in your many chat is like all the flow was working fine until it got to the age question. And then like people were obviously clicking on it because, you know, it would go through the next question, but like the percentages weren't showing up. It said like 0%. And then I think I fixed it, but because it had so much data from the previous, you know, weeks, it was saying that like 2% of people clicked it. So what I did this morning is I just duplicated the whole flow just to like refresh all that data. Hopefully that starts pulling through accurate stuff. Cost per booking, 50 bucks. So it's not too bad. Total calls taken. So pretty much from total ad bookings, she should be able to see that and go high level, actually. Total calls taken. So this comes down to the closer sheet. So both yours.
jese Smith-shields: Marina's. Does she have access to that? Yeah. Yeah. I just created all that then.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So she hasn't seemed to have that data filled out. in future weeks, we should see that finish off. Because then the biggest ones like we want to know, obviously, once we have all this is just cost per acquisition. Because then we can say like, hey, like it takes you $300, $400, $500, whatever to acquire a client. And then we compare that with your client's lifetime. Lifetime value, know, on average, you're getting $2,500 per client, which basically means that, you know, we can then go and strong arm other people out of competition because someone who only has a $1,200 LTV, they cannot afford to keep up with $500 in terms of acquiring a client.
jese Smith-shields: That's why lifetime value is so important to understand and with cost per acquisition.
Kyle Musca: Awesome means that we can see like, hey, it's costing us $300 to go get a client. Let's just, you know, go put that into, you know, give away. Let's put it into referrals. Let's put it into whatever else and other avenues to actually acquire a client because we were going to spend that anyway.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So it'll take a little bit more time to map this out. The leads, as long as the thing's sorted, that should be fine. But just keep an eye on that because, you know, if this is sitting at like, you know, obviously 317% or 80% super high, it's probably not accurate. But a really good cost, but like lead to booking is about 20%. Industry average is about 10%.
jese Smith-shields: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Nice. Cool. So yeah, she should just keep going through that. But super important, just obviously make sure Marina's filling out her closing sheet and then make sure you're filling out your closing sheet if you're taking calls as well.
jese Smith-shields: Yep. No, no, can do that.
Kyle Musca: That's easy. Sick, man. If you go over to, okay, cool. How many closes do you get this week?
jese Smith-shields: Okay. All This week, these are probably numbers I should probably start tracking for you. We had, I took four closers. I took, and I got all four. Actually, we've had eight clients sign on this week.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's still over a 50% closing rate, which is good if you've got 14 calls total. So the leads seem to be nice and decently quality. One thing as well, which is so rude here, I would change the 87 in the first week or the second. Change that to the six as well. Otherwise, the monthly data will be skewed heavily. Yeah, there we go. Cool. Saving that was 22%. Beautiful. And then who closed the other two?
jese Smith-shields: Was it Tommy or Marina? No, I don't think. I think the ones have timed out from Tommy, and then, so actually, yeah, no, these are all me, actually. All Ed and me.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Has Marina taken any calls yet?
jese Smith-shields: No, she took one yesterday. We had a bit of a mix-up, obviously, within the go-high level yesterday, so she could only fit in one from yesterday, and then I took the rest, and then I closed. I closed all three yesterday.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, nice. All right. How are you feeling?
jese Smith-shields: How are you feeling on sales calls and everything? Yeah, much better, actually. Much better. I've kind of, I don't like following scripts, so I've kind of came up with my own sort of questions, and they seem to be working quite well at the moment, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, 100% close rank. I can't really complain about that. Cool. What we might even do, just to get Marina, you know, settled in and trying to get, you know, at least converting as high as possible. Cool. I'll even get her on a sales training call with my sales trainer. And he'll run it through the script. He's really, really good at it. And we may even look at getting that as a weekly training one-to-one with her until she finds her feet properly with it. So what I'll do is I'll message her now, actually.
jese Smith-shields: No, she seems really good, actually.
Kyle Musca: She does?
jese Smith-shields: Okay. Yeah, yeah. No, she seems good. Communication's good. She's easy to along with. She's keen to learn.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, can get me.
jese Smith-shields: I'll fix up Tommy, too.
Kyle Musca: I haven't had the chance to reply to him just yet. All right. Yeah, sweet. Just a count. Thanks. Thank you. Cool, so I'll show that message, we'll get them locked in on a call together. Is any hiccups you're kind of experiencing on your own that you want to cover at all in this call?
jese Smith-shields: Nah, I think we covered most of them over the last week. was obviously just a little bit stressful going into the whole go high level and then not having the flows. And then there was obviously a few missed calls that got cancelled and whatnot just within that transition. But I'm curious, yeah, I'm pretty keen to see what like this sort of week will look like. I do find that a lot of my book calls... Calls come from about, well, Thursday's a pretty good day. Thursday, Friday are a pretty good day, and then Sunday I'll pretty much book out the rest of the week within calls. So I'll be interested to see how that goes into, obviously, Maria's calendar and see what goes through converting on that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful, beautiful. And then the other thing we really need to know is show-up rate as well, which obviously will come from just tracking calls. Because, like, if you have a 40% show-up rate and you can give that to a 60%, you spend no extra money, but you can effectively, like, double the amount you actually earn. So that's, like, a key number as well to look at. Yep. Beautiful. And then how are you noticing with the age stuff as well?
jese Smith-shields: Like, is that? It's still quite low at the moment. Like, we've had probably five. Tick over today through the ads, and then they've all gone through under $21, and then Clips knows they can't afford it.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I mean, at least we're kind of, like, weaseling out the conversation there, but I just added the, like, can you afford $80 a week just to, again, get the  out of here. It's strange because what's your, yeah, most of your clients are usually within their 20s, aren't they?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, so our age bracket is, like, I'd say 20 to about 28, maybe, so they are quite young.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the issue, like, because usually what I would do in that case, it's set at 22, what I'd do is raise it just to 25, but the issue is, like, you don't want to, you know, obviously, then we've only got, like, really a three-year gap between that and 28, where your core audience is sitting. Now, With the Cappy, that should pick up over time, and that should get better with time, as long as it's actually  working properly. But even so, obviously, yeah, so two have already clicked. At least the percentages are coming up now, but yeah, I can see today that since I made that change, already two have clicked under 21, which is not  ideal, but it is what it is. So, and that's why, like, data's so important, because I don't want to make any  changes until, like, if that number was just absolutely horrendous.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So, the other thing we can do there is we can start a new... Oh, I'll share my screen so you can actually see what I'm talking about.
jese Smith-shields: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Can you see that?
jese Smith-shields: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. So, no, I don't really pay attention to the cost per lead, that's very skewed, but it's actually, what I've done is, as you can see, duplicated, because in this one, like you got, you know, 400 people, 470 people have sent this, and you're looking at like 3% clicking between the two, so that's just not, that's not  right at all. And the issue is happening there, is the cap is attached to this once, it's like, if data wasn't coming through that, then I doubt that would have been firing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, don't know, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So, I just duplicated it, and you can see, already 100% of people have clicked, so at least we can actually see that data is going through there. Yeah, so, again, we'll just give it some time there. in terms of cost per result and everything like that, the graphic ads are doing really, really well still. So, I can keep scaling these if you want. $6 is really, really good in terms of cost per conversation. I'm already spending a decent amount there. Even $12. Anything under like $15 is considered good. Anything under $21 is considered decent enough to turn on if we're going off cost per results, numbers, which I don't really like to do. But, yeah, and then I've just gotten those video ads up and around and everything like that. So we'll see how they sort of come through there as well. Yeah. So we'll see how they come. And then I'll just keep filtering these as time goes. If you are noticing a lot of young, you know, unqualified girls and everything like that, what we can do is, so I've kept this really nice and broad. So there's like the only targeting we're doing is just any woman in Australia that's age 22 to 35. Yeah, we're giving the algorithm free reign to just like go put the ad in front of them if you feel like you can convert them into a lead, essentially. Great. All What we can do is create a new campaign, and you've just got to weigh up ad spend, which, I think the last seven days. So you've just got to weigh up ad spend. So realistically, you've only spent $890, which is not bad at all, especially if you've gotten six closers from it. What was your cash collected on those?
jese Smith-shields: It was an extra, we did just under $18K last week. So it's an extra, like, $4.5K.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, mean, like, if we're looking at that, that's at least a five, six return on investment in terms of cash collected. And then if we're talking about contract value, it's probably looking like, I don't know, eight to ten, roughly. So it's pretty good. And then, so what we can do there is, like, one, those are already really, really good numbers. Obviously, just the data tracking will clear that up heaps for us. So we can just create a new campaign where it is, you know, women. Again, 22 to 35 that have, like, job titles, essentially. There you go. And that's where we start playing around with the different, like, interest targeting. I like job titles because, like, one, they just have to be a job. The only issue there is, like, they have to kind of, like, state their nurse or something in their bio or something like that. We can do interest targeting and everything like that. So, and then that will come down to, you know, like, for example, we could look at women that are interested in travel or fashion or something like that. You know what I mean? The other thing as well, I mean, it might, probably won't really matter for you as much, but I would say for someone like Kiana, is when you see an ad on Instagram, you can actually press the, like, little three dot things and say, like, why am I seeing this? And it will actually show you what the interest targeting is that they've set for it.
jese Smith-shields: Okay, I hope you made that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I won't tell you exactly in terms of like, you know, I can travel blogs and X, Y, Z, but it will say like, it's because you've interacted with travel content.
jese Smith-shields: Okay, I didn't know you could do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's good like if you constantly see an ad of someone who is really good at, you know, doing ads, you can kind of check.
jese Smith-shields: It's like, well, I think I see your ad nearly every time I open my phone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. And then, yeah, because one of mine, for example, would be, I'd say, well, I've got.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I see your trading one all the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, to be fair, you probably shouldn't see that one. Oh, it wasn't trading back in the day, so I'm assuming that's probably one. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. No, that would definitely make sense because. So, yeah, potentially almost, I would have thought it would potentially be a business-owned one as well. yeah. Yeah. But, like, essentially what that looks like is it comes down to wherever the . So it's like anyone who's, like, a chief financial officer, Co-Co, an executive director, founder, manager, managing director, owner, CEO, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Then we're a target. And it's just about finding, I like to keep them, like, kind of as broad as possible. Like, a lot of the stuff you'll see is, like, trying to niche down really hard. I don't really like doing that because it's, like, I'd rather have, like, a big  broad pool of just people that do have jobs. And it's, like, whoever's going to respond best, just  go find it. So it's, like, having the niche targeting, but it's saying, like, giving the algorithm the free reign to say, like, go figure out who this is going to perform best with.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense. That makes sense. Yeah, every time I've had someone else try and do the ads, they've kind of gone into that sort of real niche sort of pick your avatar sort of thing, and it never really worked.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just because it's just, it's too small, like. Yeah. You know, and I mean, there is, you know, if you have a really niche product, then yeah, but it's like health and fitness, anyone can really do. So it's just like, let's just open it right up and  let it makes sense. Well, now, yeah, other than that, it's pretty well sorted on that side of things. Then the other thing I would say is, like, as I said the other day, when Keanu's doing that sort of educational sort of value-driven content, I would just like add like add CTA to the end of it. So what I used to do, for example, is like anytime I'd basically film any video when I was doing all the educational , I would always just have a version where the organic version, I don't have a CTA. You know, it's just like follow or whatever or nothing, because you don't want to come across two sales or anything like that. To be fair, do you run them off ShieldsFit or do you actually collaborate with her on her account?
jese Smith-shields: We run them through ShieldsFit and then she kind of... It takes her, proves what she actually likes and goes through her page.
Kyle Musca: She doesn't like some of them. Yeah, okay. Yeah, cool. So, I mean, because ShieldsFit is, you know, a dedicated coaching page, you could even just have one and all of them have a CTA of, like, DME, you know, if you need a hand with this, DME.
jese Smith-shields: Most of them do. I'd say about 80% of them do, and then some of them don't, because this is video with JT.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry.
jese Smith-shields: Cut out there. Yeah, I think, I think about, yeah, that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think we're good now.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, gotcha. Yeah, most of them do have CTAs. I think about 80% of those videos do. And then I think he was still just trial and error and seeing what works within our sort of page and what doesn't, in a sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And then, I mean, do you have those? You'd obviously have them in a folder.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I have a lot of them, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Because you can even just send them through to me and we can just run them as ads as well. Yeah. Yeah, one thing I like doing is just like kind of running educational style content as an ad because the best ads don't look like ads and that's why the graphic ads look so, you know, work so well is because they don't really look like an ad. They just look like a normal story post that is a CTA. Yeah. So, let me just open this real quick. If you could even get a folder of those, are they already just in a folder?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah. They're pretty much in a shared folder and then I'll just show them across.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because then we have heaps of content just to play around with and we can just plug and play it and see what works.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, not works.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Okay. I guess, yeah, biggest wins this week I would say. It's just probably sorting out the go-high level setup and everything like that. Is there anything else you need to do with that, or is that 100% finished?
jese Smith-shields: I'm pretty sure unless something happens, it's pretty set up. I'm hoping it's pretty set up. Okay.
Kyle Musca: One thing I would do is just, especially for the book call, so I'll share my screen again, is just make sure that the automation is firing properly. It should do. I want to double check. Like, so it's going be calendars, and then, like, obviously when you've got a call kind of booked in, just come in and say, like, hey. And then just make sure that, you know, it's going out properly. Yeah. Did she set up the full yes thing?
jese Smith-shields: Yes. Yes. I'm pretty sure. I told her to do pretty much exactly what you've done for her. Oh, for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Okay, cool. Thank you. I'll double-check that. But yeah, I'm pretty sure I had a little brief look in.
Kyle Musca: We had messages like that being sent out, but I would have to double-check. Yeah, cool. So just two things. Sometimes I've noticed, one, it can double-send. I've fixed it now. But at the start, it was double-sending messages. And then the other one is, like, I had an issue where they were saying yes, but then it wouldn't, like, register that. And then it would say, like, never good confirmation on the last message. And then it would keep, like, going on as if they didn't reply.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I'll have a meeting time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Just to keep, you know, monitor and everything. Marina should also, like, let Marina know that if she sees anything like that, they'll let you know as well. Because they're probably, they're going to see it a lot sooner than you will. Yeah. Yeah, cool. Did you have any, like, I guess, questions or concerns that you're currently facing that you kind of, you know, would...
jese Smith-shields: Like my input for? No, was pretty much just that set up. We've pretty much sorted it all out now. So it'd be good to see a full week, especially over the weekend within all the bookings and stuff, because over our busy, or even we had that ad turn off across that Sunday, which I noticed we didn't get any messages. For some reason, my payment bounced on the Amex card. So it turned off the ad on that Sunday, and I simply just didn't even see it. So I noticed that we didn't get any messages on that Sunday. And then once we fixed that up, we had a few book in through, but it was a pretty quiet Sunday in the grand scheme of what we're used to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So that would have definitely potentially thrown a spanner in the works in terms of why numbers are a little bit lower this week. Okay, the other thing as well is we should probably start looking at doing something around like an offer. We're out on the end of the year period. Yeah. Have you had a chance to think about, like, kind of what you'd potentially want to do for that?
jese Smith-shields: For the new ones coming in, the one that probably sounded the best, like, logically is probably the pay, the pay up now. have the two months free coaching and then you start at a set date in January or February or whatever. It makes a logical sense, in a sense. I believe if you don't want to pay for the start back over in January, it probably won't make too much sense.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, cut out there.
jese Smith-shields: What was that? Yeah, they'll start in, like, pay now and then you get the next two months free and then you start in whatever date it is in January probably made the most sense.
Kyle Musca: What I reckon we do for that, especially for Keanu, is I reckon we package it as a challenge, like a New Year's challenge. And we don't even really necessarily market that on the front end, but we use it as a thing on the sales call because girls love challenges.
jese Smith-shields: when, you know. Yeah. And every time we've put up a challenge, we've had like really good success right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I reckon, yeah, girls love challenges. Guys, a little bit less so. But I reckon if we just say like it's a New Year's challenge and everything like that, message me through for more details. And then we kind of, you know, again, pretty much the exact same process. come through the DM and then, you know, on the closing call, because the biggest backlash you're going to get is like, oh, like, you know, sign up now. Oh, I want to wait till New Year's, yada, yada, yada. Yeah. And then we just add like a ton of urgency. Like maybe we're only taking on 30 girls for this. And, you know, we're going to make a special offer of like joining now. So one, I wouldn't even give them the option like to have to join by like, let's say. Maybe December 25th or December 31st or whatever the case may be. So they have to join in that month and, you know, you can then be like, what we're actually going to do is not only is it going to be three months of coaching, we're going to add on two months. There's different ways we could do it. So this is where we have to sit down and just figure it out. But we could just do two months of extra for anyone. Or we could say, you know, we want to make sure that the new year is actually, you know, like a change for you. So it's like if they need to like only need a three-month program, maybe we have like a split challenge type thing where it's a three-month and one-month extra. And there's a prize for that in that batch of people. And there's a six-month one for, you know, girls that need to lose a little bit more weight. And then you're going to add it potentially in like even two months free on top of that or something like that. Yeah, because then it kind of gives you that reason of like, again, this is just, you know. Discussion, so feel free to put it in.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, I like that result. I like that. That probably makes a whole lot more sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but then we do this all in the back end of the sales process. On the front end, it is just purely marketed as a New Year's Challenge. DM me for more info. Cool, we've actually got two different options depending on what you need. Yeah, let me sign up and have a bit of a chat. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then on the call. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: No, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Now, with the prizes, and we'll have to mark. So the biggest things with a challenge is, one, obviously, urgency. You know, we start, you know, entries close December 25th or something like that. And we start, you know, January 7th, whatever the  case, right? Yeah. And a prize. So I. Hey, you can do different types of prizes. One thing I think with Kiana is, who's their sponsors?
jese Smith-shields: EHP, oh, she's got a  few. EHP, E-defined, velocity of just joined up with her, keep that pump, there's a fair few.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so I would go and get her to do deals with every one of them, because I'm sure she probably has like a bit of a giveaway, potential giveaway thing. We add all that into it. it's like, you know, $250 of the fine, $250 of EHP, $250 of, you know, keep that pump, $250 of whatever. Plus, and you just want to make the prize pool as huge as possible. So, for example, you might even want to give, like, the winner of each challenge an extra three months of coaching absolutely free. So that way you can say it's an extra two grand or an extra $3,000 or something like that. And then when you add all that together, it's like, you know, there's a prize pool of $5,000.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's, we did something similar to that for the Shields Fit second birthday. And I think we had a prize pooling of close to like seven grand and that did really well. We didn't run any ads to it. It was all just organic. We had, we had a stupid return for that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I reckon we just pretty much do the same thing. Just run ads for it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, no, that'd be sweet.
Kyle Musca: It's like, did, I did a challenge for Brie and like, it was only $19 or something. was a very low ticket. She got like 260 girls to join. It was ridiculous.
jese Smith-shields: The girls would love challenges.
Kyle Musca: wow. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: So. Is she still in Kahunas?
Kyle Musca: Yes.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. That would have been a nightmare to set up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. No, she, she like, that was a break-even fun and we were trying. And like the idea there is like, just kind of get the small deposit of $19 to cover ads expenses. So you can. So can. Push it really  hard.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But she ended up profiting. She had like 18 grand a week or something that week of it, which is pretty crazy. So that's why this time around, I think just that those kind of challenges, it's just too much a  headache to, you know, set up for what you get in return, even though she did really well off it. So Eric, we just do pretty much the exact same offer as we usually do, but, you know, slight discounted. so again, you know, after we, you know, weigh up the extra month or something like that, it's  still $125 or whatever we decided it was. But I would start putting that in place. For now, I would just do, figure out what your back-end sales process is going to be. So whether that be three months and one month or two months and six months and two months, or you could just do two months for all of it. It doesn't really completely up to you.
jese Smith-shields: When would you look at kicking that off?
Kyle Musca: You'd want to have it kind of running. End of November, early December at the latest. Like you want to, because especially, we kind of want to think of it as like when the, and I would, one, want to make sure everything's prepped for it in advance just to make sure we're not on the back foot with anything because, you know, hiccups can always occur. But we want to like see when the marketing starts to dry up a bit because it's just going into that period where people aren't interested in it. We want something to immediately replace it and just take over. So we don't want to get to the point where, you know, if that is like mid-November or something, it's a little bit earlier than we expected. It's like, , we're, you know, don't really have to much. In saying that, we do want to keep like one thing with the challenges, we want to keep the, the urgency up. So it's like, we don't really want anything more than like a month-long campaign if we can avoid it. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that works. I'll start putting together a list of things, a bit of a to-do list to get that all sort of set up. Within that sort of campaign, it's going to be like a similar campaign, I'm assuming, videos and graphics.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, it'll just be pretty. Again, like, marketing's kind of like  same , but just packaging it in a new fancy label so people can see it's new.
jese Smith-shields: People love it.
Kyle Musca: So it's just like, New Year's Challenge, and God's like, yay. And then it's like, New Challenge, and I'm like, yay. So it just gives them a reason to justify it. But on that menu, I think things are going really well. Do you want me to potentially look at making a new campaign where it is just, you know, job title focused and just start playing around with that type of audiences?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. We'll see that. Thank That capi pulls over. If that kind of changes, then that automatically already changes that campaign, I'm assuming.
Kyle Musca: It will with time, for sure.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, so maybe just leave it for now. Because it seems like those ads are obviously ticking over. It was just obviously there may have been a little bit of a leak of information within that sort of many chat sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I think, I mean, things are going really, well at the moment. It's just about refining off-scale the video ads, especially once we start pulling that data through a bit more. And then if you've got already a ton of educational ads that count as filmed with the CTA attached, it's like that's fantastic. Like we can just, we've got heaps of content to run with that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, we're good.
Kyle Musca: Which makes our life a lot easier. Is it a DM CTA or is it a comment CTA?
jese Smith-shields: There's a bit of a mixture of both because he was still trying to test out to see what worked, what worked best within our audience because that was. That first month of content. So he was just trying to figure out, see what worked, what didn't, in a sense. But we do have, like, we obviously do have more filming put up. So I can even put a cross to him. We can just say, make them all message CTAs.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because the common CTAs on ManyChat are a little bit more annoying. You can't, so, like, with the DM, we can say, like, hey, thanks for reaching through, send, and then the next one's, like, what's your main goal? Can't do that with CTA. It's just, like, hey, thanks for reaching out. And then I think we have to put the buttons there. It's, like, kind of, it's just a little bit annoying and clunky. Not the end of the world, but, come on. Are you still using Jackson?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Are you on a retainer with him, aren't you?
jese Smith-shields: It's only a month-to-month retainer at the moment. I was just testing him out, but Vaughn was pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. How much is he charging you?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, fair. Yeah, it's like just over $5,000 for 30 videos.
Kyle Musca: For a month?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah, okay, wow. That's wild. I think $1,800.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I think he only charged us like $300 the other day for those videos. When he sent that bill across, I saw it and I was like, oh, . I was like, oh, fair enough. Fair play.
Kyle Musca: I don't know. I remember I was like, oh, Vaughn, he sent me like $2,800 for like 16 videos. was like, that's  no way I'm paying that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I might hit up Vaughn to see what he's wanting to do towards the end of the year. Yes. With Vaughn's stuff, I'm assuming you probably just script all your stuff as well, right?
Kyle Musca: I don't. But I – so he's a bit like like – Vaughn will help you do those videos where, like, you know how Kiana is or someone behind the camera is asking you questions? Yeah. He seems to like those videos. I'm not 100% sure if he does do the scripting because what I would do is I would just, like, I don't really like scripting too much, to be honest. I created, like, ChatGPT and I was like, just, this is the topic I'm going to talk on. Just give me dot points to go through and I'll just, like, say it. I call it, like, gun-slinging content where there's no actual script. You kind of just have talking points to go off. Yeah, that's the content that I like doing, but Kiana hates it. She needs a script. Yeah. I think he does do scripting, but you'd have to chat with him to be sure I'm not 100% sure.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's fair.
Kyle Musca: For five grand a month, I'm he would.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. He probably would. think anyone would. Yeah. Yeah, no, that's sweet, bro. I'll start piecing that all together. But even if you want, I'm happy for you to scale those ads up even more if you wanted to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've been trying to wait till this cappy thing starts pulling through properly, just because I want to, I mean, the cost for a result is really good and healthy, so I'm like, and it's clearly pulling through, so working, but I just kind of wanted to sort that before we get into pushing it too hard. The other thing is, , what was I about to say? No, was pulling to it, but I forgot it. She'll come back to me. But, I don't know, I lost it. Yeah, I Yeah, so is there anything else you want to cover at all?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure. I think everything's kind of ticking along, just trying to make those final adjustments, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, it's about that, essentially, now. And then if we can get on, again, just with where your business at, like, usually I'm kind of not against, but, like, most people don't need to track data. on. a super... But indepthly, but like with where you've got like a lot of moving parts to your business. So it's good to see we're doing that. Did you get, have a chat to your VA about the fail payment stuff?
jese Smith-shields: As in, what do you mean?
Kyle Musca: Like getting on top of that a little bit more?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've set her up so she's got a to-do list on pretty much every time that she logs on, which is all the payments, everything like that. And then any free time, it's just me throwing stuff across to her that I need fixed up or whatever. So yeah, she's on to it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. One thing I'd get really good, like used to and good at is just like delegating any tasks that's just not worth your time. I'm kind of guilty of it. Like sometimes I'll be like, oh, it's easy enough.
jese Smith-shields: I'll just do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But like, even if it isn't like, you and then 20 minute job turns into like  an hour and you're like, what the ? But like, I would just get used to just taking the five minutes. Just show someone else how to do it, and say, all right, just go  do it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, no, I did that. I was the exact same, but I've only just started actually flicking things over to her. I think that was probably a lot of the weeks that she was trying to piece together to what to actually do, because I'll just do it on the spot. But now I've kind of stopped myself.
Kyle Musca: I was like, you pay someone to do this, so just get them to do it. Yeah, yeah. It's like a bit of a transition, because to get your business to where you think you've gotten yours, it's like you kind of have to wear all the hats. But then to the next level, and to start being really efficient, it's like, all right, let's just  these jobs off. And then you can't outwork anyone, because it's like, you know, if you've got five people in carrying the weight of all five jobs, it's like  you're working five times harder, and you're actually working, like,  all.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. It was funny, actually. My Sundays are usually, like, one of my biggest days. And then, obviously, Luke, I talk to a lot of my clients, so I actually had a bit of, like, free time across the Sunday, Monday.
Kyle Musca: I didn't know what to do on this. That's a good problem to have. How did that transition go?
jese Smith-shields: We lost one client. She kind of kicked up a stink about it, but she wasn't much of a loss.
Kyle Musca: didn't enjoy coaching her.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Was that with the 25 overall?
jese Smith-shields: What was that, Was that transitioning 25? Yeah, yeah. So we started her with 15. She got her wrapped around 15, and then heading into this Sunday, she'll have 25. So out of 15, we lost one. And yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's pretty right. Oh, that's what I was going to ask.
jese Smith-shields: All the six closers, were they on the new package of $3,500 or $2,000 or whatever? Four of them was. So since that session I've been doing, I told you I pulled my thumb out and started closing on the high tier. All of them have been from that. And then two was still on that other one of the sign-on and then the weekly. The weekly. The weekly. But even the weekly pricing is still on the $125 a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, sick. So, yeah, sick, man. Cool. So, even though it was six closes, but like when you take that in consideration at the old price, that would have been like eight or nine.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Money coming in. So, beautiful, man. All right. Well, things are in a good spot, man. You just love working with guys like yourself because you just kind of go ahead and do stuff, man.
jese Smith-shields: That's just awesome. Yeah. I've always kind of been like that. Even when I get with like mentors or anything like that, I always try and think of questions that I should be asking. But most of the time, it's just you tell me what to do and I just go and do it and then get done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it's like a program, man. Like, you know, sit there and ask questions all day long and everything. But if you just go do the task, then the questions will probably iron themselves out. But, yeah. Cool, man. Well, yeah. Good positions. We just need to one, scale it and then just prep. For, you know, that December period now, which puts. This isn't a really good spot overall. Anything else you'd like to see on these calls at Allman?
jese Smith-shields: The transitioning within, like, obviously bringing new coaches in, you're quite strict on, because obviously you're just the face of the brand. Your views on it is that you like that in a sense, you're not necessarily wanting to bring other people into it?
Kyle Musca: Yes and no. Like, you can have, like, a little bit of a team vibe going. The only thing, the reason I'm strict on it is because I don't want, especially coaches and stuff, you don't want them to have too many hands in too many pockets of the business. Because it's like, if they're doing the coaching, then you get them into the content side of things. It's like, they can kind of get too much of an ego and you teach them too much about how the business actually works. So then they can kind of go,  it, might as well just go do this myself. So, keeping them in just, like, the one role of just coaching and then... In a sense, isolating them from how the rest of the business actually operates doesn't get them to get too cocky and start thinking that they can just go do it themselves.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: But for photo shoots and all that stuff, I would 100% get them in for branding and all that. It's just I don't know if I'd get them in for doing the actual kind of content as well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense. Because, yeah, I had Luca share across a few things across her own socials, which she did out of her own will of wanting to do it and get their name out. And then I was kind of thinking about it in a sense of if I actually wanted her to do that or not. But I didn't really, I didn't particularly mind if I was really honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, it's a fine line. It is up to you at the end of the day. Like, because, you know, and it kind of depends on the kind of company that you have. Like, she was fit in a sense, it is not. a personal brand as much, if that makes sense. It's like you can kind of bring in other people and actually have it as a coaching community type thing. Whereas for mine, like it wouldn't make sense for me to post one of my coaches on my page where they're doing the ad.
jese Smith-shields: They'd be like, who the  is this guy?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, I'd keep Kiana's Kiana's, but then like on ShieldsFit, then you could open it up a little bit if you wanted to do that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense. Yeah, I think, yeah, I think it kind of works within that ShieldsFit page because it is like a little bit more of a community. It's more of like just the dumping ground of stuff that we don't post on our own socials in a sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and I would say like you can get her in for, you know, that kind of stuff where it's not, you know, trying to bring in leads as much, more so just getting them to build a relationship and trust with people inside the actual business itself. Because it's, that's a different style of content. That's not content to Try and actually, like, build the market, business, in terms of...
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Cool, bro.
jese Smith-shields: Anything else at all? No, I'm sweet. I'm sweet.
Kyle Musca: Safe, man. Cool, all right, well, hopefully... Sorry, what was that?
jese Smith-shields: Still loving Dubai.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's pretty good. I'm just  working heaps. I'm, like, waking up, like, 4 or 5 a.m. It's just starting to wear thin.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I've noticed, like, when you're, like, you're live on WhatsApp, I was, like, what the  is this kind of going to bed at?
Kyle Musca: So, it's, like, I'm all right doing that. It's, like, I  hate training in the afternoon, so, like, I've been training sometimes in the afternoon.
jese Smith-shields: so tired by the time I get to the gym, like,  this.
Kyle Musca: But, no, it's pretty good. And then, probably drinking a little bit too much on the way out.
jese Smith-shields: Maybe it's a little while you're over there, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we're, like, trying to explore, like, last weekend, we're, like, oh, let's go see how the nightlife is, because the nightlife is meant to be pretty good. But, like, everywhere, I think, kicks off apparently around, like, 10 or 11 p.m., and I'm like, , man. Oh, really? Yeah, I'm like, getting up, like, 5 a.m. every single day, 10 p.m. is  late. So, yeah, don't think I'll do that again, but.
jese Smith-shields: No, that's fine. I think Sage actually just landed there, actually, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he got here this morning, so I'll let him settle in, and I'll probably, I'll go see him end of the week here. I'd have a land, though, or something, on Friday, but.
jese Smith-shields: Did he?
Kyle Musca: That's what he said to me about.
jese Smith-shields: He's so, he's so precious. Yeah. He loves his designer stuff and all everything. Yeah. the stuff he buys, I kind of look at him, I was like, okay, bro, let's see.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Man, the  roads here are, like,  as well.
jese Smith-shields: He's like, because he's not  a car or anything, he's just getting a Lambo on a Friday. was like, man, I'll definitely drive before you get a Lambo. Oh, that doesn't even surprise me. stuff. you.


>>> 214/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-15T07:47:05Z | id:94213406
People: Kyle Musca

Morgan Eldrett: This meeting is being recorded. Hi. Oh, .
Kyle Musca: Hey, how going?
Morgan Eldrett: Good.
Kyle Musca: How are you? Good. How's it been?
Morgan Eldrett: Good. Busy-ish with not much work, but just prep life.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How are you feeling?
Morgan Eldrett: Pretty good. I'm like two weeks out, so it's just at that kind of nitty-gritty point now where it just takes all of my focus to get things done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: I can imagine. Okay.
Kyle Musca: It's all right. Good. Pretty good. Yeah. All right. Well, I won't take up more energy than necessary.
Morgan Eldrett: No, that's all right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Well, dive right in. How have things been this week?
Morgan Eldrett: Pretty good. Um... Not a lot to report on, to be honest. Like, the ads, like, I can't really tell if they're doing well or not. The DMs that are coming through, like, as I said the other day, a lot of them a couple days ago when I sent you that message, like, lots of students, women that, like, were on maternity leave, which I guess you just, that's obviously luck of the draw with that. Um, but in the last few days since we adjusted that, I haven't really seen much, um, like, I haven't really noticed anything different. Um, but other than that, like, Clemé booked in two calls, and they were those two calls that I said, I, one just ghosted me straight after, and then the second one was a lady who couldn't afford it. Um, and that's the only two calls I've had since, in terms of ads, um, but I have signed a couple people through Organic, uh, well, I don't know, I guess maybe they might have seen my ad, but then they are. Apply it through the application form.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right. Okay. Have you noticed more applications than usual coming through that?
Morgan Eldrett: A couple, but I have posted about it a little bit more as well. I had a client and like an old client who saw my ad and then said, oh, I was thinking about signing up and then I saw your ad. So I inquired. So a couple like that have happened. Another girl who said she's been following me for a while and then she saw my ad pop up and then that made her, inquire. But they weren't direct, like they didn't click the ad. They just ended up applying through the link in my bio. But yeah, I think I signed, I've had two referrals, three new clients sign up this week, but none were directly from like ad, cleme, call, me, sell.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So it would just be a matter of like one. Okay. Thank So one, we have the test, and then two, it's just like figuring out all the kinks in the chain and just ironing all that out to make sure it works. So when you said you haven't noticed a change since we changed the ads around in terms of you're still getting like a long, young kids and uni students and stuff through?
Morgan Eldrett: No, probably not. Like I just haven't noticed it. I haven't noticed it any better, but there hasn't been any that have like outwardly said, I don't have a job in the last like two days.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay.
Morgan Eldrett: So it must've been a big group of like, um, younger, but they were all not under 21. Um, but they were just all like students or, um, I don't know. Yeah. People on placement and stuff are always hard.
Kyle Musca: Like at uni. Yeah, definitely. You want to avoid your students like the plague. They're annoying. Um, okay. So what I've done there is I just like, just change it, like increase the age range to about 25. Um, just to try and like. Cut out all those kids in uni. So 25 to 35 is primarily the group we're aiming for.
Morgan Eldrett: With your current clients, what would you say the average age is? 30, maybe 28. I've got a few young and then I've got a few that are like 30 some plus. Yes, but I think like my audience range, especially with my podcast, is like 24 to 34. Like that's like a big, a pretty average chunk, I would say. So yeah, maybe if we just shift it into that age range, really.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. So we'll see how we go with 24. Like that's a really good age range. want to be at 28 to 35. It's like pre, before, you know, women. I mean, definitely some women have started a family before that, like at that age, but we're trying to capture that prime mark of like, they're being. Old enough that they're financially secure and they still, you know, want to invest into ideally like looking their best and feeling their best. Whereas like older age groups are kind of like, you know, mum life and menopause and hormones and stuff like that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I wonder if there's a way like could we somehow target, it's so hard to figure that out, but like I do, there's a lot of mums coming through, even like that are younger. However, like I've got majority of my clients to have kids or a lot of them have kids and a lot of the inquiries did. So I wonder if there'd be, I mean, not that that really makes a difference, but yeah, I wonder if there's a way we can kind of like avoid that.
Kyle Musca: Unfortunately, you can't avoid it anymore. They like remove that feature for some annoying reason. But we can like, if it is a big enough problem, then we can like add things in, in terms of, you know, whether it be job titles or interests or something. Stuff like that. I mean, like if we, off the top of my head, and like a mum's probably not going to be interested in, you know, going out for drinks or whatever, whatever those interest targeting would be if I sat down and actually looked at it. So we can look at doing stuff, but I don't want to like niche down too early because like the more we niche, the smaller, I guess, the full of people we can actually target would be. So, and it's too, like since changing the age range, it's like too early to really say like what kind of difference that would be. What I might do is I might join and do your mini chat and just like filter it by people that have come through the flow and just like read through conversations there. Because the ad numbers wise are looking pretty solid, quite solid overall, especially one of them. So what we, what I might do there is just like, usually when that's the case, it's probably more so getting caught up in the messages rather than anything.
Morgan Eldrett: What should I be doing? Like, I think I got a bit flustered. Well, not flustered, but I got a bit confused with, like, how Clemé should be doing things. Like, when should she be working? How often? Because she just sort of said to me, like, what do you want? And I was like, I don't know. So then I just told her a couple hours, but then I was saying to Callum, and he's like, oh, no, that's not enough. And I was like, oh, , I don't know. I just told Clemé, like, a time. Should I be, there should be certain times of the day she should be doing it? Like, how often, how many hours?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would do at least six hours a day. And I would have them in there from, like, peak hours. So usually that's, like, 8 to 10 a.m., like, when people are kind of just going to work or, you know, whatever. 12 to 2 a.m. when they're on their lunch break. And then if you're going to have them six hours, then I would do, like, 6 to 8 p.m. But, you know, if you're going to have eight hours, then I would do from, like, 4 to 8 p.m. So in that, you know, when they're getting home and, you know, can relax a little bit more. Yeah. Yeah, those are the hours I would definitely kind of like start with because one thing you've got to remember is just like speed to lead is critical. Like you want to, if that mess is through and they're motivated, you want to try and capture them in that motivated state. And the longer it takes for messages to, one, get responded to from the bat, from the get-go, but from like that first message to through to the booking call, the longer that period is, the less likely they'll book in a call. And then even from that period, it's like the longer they book into the call to actually take the call, the longer that period is, the less likely they'll even show up or convert. So you ideally just want to make that entire process as short as humanly possible. And then I think with, so one, it would be about hopefully increasing age, cuts out all the younger girls. I mean, if we have a look at it, I'll share my screen. . . . You One thing I also want to have a look at is, yeah, so I mean, a lot of them are older than 21, which is good. And what we can do here is, so, and this is like probably a little bit easier as well, if you want to like come in and review the conversations for yourself, is you just come into even live chat, you just filter by tag, finish flow.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, that's so weird, you can see my messages.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I don't come in here and check them, by the way, but it just helps me for, you know, this stuff.
Morgan Eldrett: Like, oh, that's my DMs, weird.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like, and then just come read through them, so.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh yeah, well she signed up, because that was a, um, that was a. An old, actually, an old friend. It's kind of, like, not a helpful one. Yeah, so, like, see, like, that one, like, that prude. Like, these messages, I think you're just getting, like, I don't know. So if you scroll, obviously, she, I don't know, just a bit , I feel like, did it, and then I said blah, blah, blah, and then that was it. I, like, followed back up, something random, and then I guess it just went, like, got left too long. But I wasn't sure if Clemé was working. I don't know if she missed it or I missed it with those messages. Anyway, that was a bit of a random one. I was, like, what the ? So I kind of just obviously left that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, bumps, sometimes go through bumps. That's a bit of a weird response.
Morgan Eldrett: That doesn't make sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so six days ago, it's like... And then I would just like one read, try and just read to make sure that you're happy with the tonality. We're recently in Thailand for six weeks for work and it was fun and all, didn't really get much time exercising, so I'm probably looking at the on the food side of things. Since Thailand sounds amazing, but I can imagine it would have been full on. Was this Klamet? Yeah. Work trips over, it's easier for routine meals to sleep, which is pretty good for me reading that. That's a pretty good response. Since you're mentioning wanting to more guidance around food, what do you feel as well? So, snack. So, one, she just needs to follow up here. Might be so relatable. Just so you can get a bit of picture of things. What your best and what do you do for work? So, mean, that conversation's, like, not terrible at all, but I would just say she needs to follow up here, which. Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, and so, like, even, where's, yeah, I don't know. So there's, like, a lot of them that just sort of don't reply like that. There was, like, another one, like, just, hey, that one where it's, like, hey, girl, just checking in.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. So this is just her fault, to be honest. So.
Morgan Eldrett: That was an old, that was the old client. So those two, the two you just clicked onto, they were the two that signed up, the two that had seen my ads. But, oh, she actually must have clicked my ad. Oh, yeah, okay. Oh, yeah, and then I voice messaged her because she was an old client. And I was like, oh, hey, girl, like, and she said, oh, I've been messaging you. When I saw your ad, I knew it was a sign. And so I Oh, that's perfect. She's an easy sell, obviously.
Kyle Musca: Do you have time tomorrow? So, I mean, this was, thank you. Oh, yeah. I think it's fun. Well, that you reached out. Thanks for opening up a change. What's the main change? You'd love to see anybody's confidence. It's a good response. So anytime they give you a good, like, media response, you know, that's, like, a pretty good lead already. Define muscles, and especially my legs, really impacts my confidence to tell you to get that girl. It's a pressure when you're showing up in training, but not seeing those changes, especially in the areas that matter most to you. What do you feel like has been holding you back and seeing more progress in your legs? Is more around workouts, nutrition, is it staying consistent overall? Nutrition, actively remember to do a progressive overload. Like, I'm very comfortable when I do, comfortable when I do the same thing each time.
Morgan Eldrett: Okay. so she's studying though. full-time master's student. All right. What's she working on? no. I'm exceptionist. Oh, yeah. So, look, I hope so. I'm hoping I'll be able to afford it as well. And then, yeah, across the program, I think this was me. This last message was me. Of course, the program really depends on your goals. And then, yeah, but that she's a student. So I'm like, oh, it's gonna be.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, with where you are, like, prep and stuff, I would usually say, like, try and jump on them and then just, like, practice the calls and everything. But, like, obviously, she's probably not gonna be super flash. That'd be great. So, I mean, again, I would get a follow-up there.
Morgan Eldrett: She couldn't afford the investment. That was me, that one, when I asked her about the investment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, these were from Monday. So, even though it says a day ago. So hopefully we've weaseled them out.
Morgan Eldrett: What about that Caitlin Miller at the top?
Kyle Musca: One again, muscles.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, that was fine. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Muscular, basically. What do we say here?
Morgan Eldrett: I had a couple that, like, clicked the, did the ad thing. And then I sent them, like, a voice message first off. And was like, I just read the script. Like, I was like, oh, thank you so much for, like, doing the ad, whatever, whatever, whatever. And then they just didn't reply. And I was like, well, I don't know, like, I don't understand why people would do the ad thing. And then I would say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you would get quite a lot of those. So just. So you're aware, industry average for like lead booking, so like for someone to send a message through for them to actually book in a call is about 10%. Usually I like to get that to like around 20% if possible, but like it is just part of marketing. We've got a lot of time wastes and everything like that, which is kind of why we want to get volume. And all you need to do is like find one winning ad and then we can kind of just scale that, which you can already see is happening here. Like what I'll look at doing is like cost heavily, this is actually really good. This is still considered good. Anything out of $40 is considered good. And the only reason I haven't changed that is, so what I'll do here, for example, is probably turn this one off because this one doesn't seem like it's a winning ad. So I can kind of even do that now. We only need one of these to win and then that can like carry a business. So I'll just turn that off.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I haven't looked at. But like any of, I don't even know how to, but I haven't looked at how much it's costing. I'm just like, just out of sight.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it is like, the testing part is like a little bit annoying because it's like we just have to refine all the little kinks and then once it's up and running, it should be, you know, we're golden. So what's the, it's Wednesday, I think I changed it on Monday, I think. Yeah. Yeah. We're on that. And that's. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank So I'd definitely follow up with here because this is seeming like a good conversation. Manage real estate offices, so she's definitely qualified. We were through like good media answers as well. I would definitely get her to follow up or even like, wait, so definitely seeing this stuff. I'm going to have a web tour as well. But I would ideally long-term want to lose between 20 to 30 kilos.
Morgan Eldrett: Again, this is extreme, but I'd love to work towards it. So again, this is a really good conversation.
Kyle Musca: Like if you can get someone on who's can't 20 to 30 kilos, like that could be a year-long client at least. Lost 26 kilos so far, lost injections and had to have surgery about two months ago. Now I've stopped taking them and haven't really done much since. So probably a lot of pain and fear around continuing on without herself, like on herself. I'm real big on I'll start Monday and it just never happens. So you probably... She a call here when she was keen and she's fallen off, so that's, she's already told you she struggles with that. I'm based in Southern New Yorkers and managed real estate offices. Don't know why that was a double cent. Oh, maybe, did you do this possibly?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I haven't even seen this one.
Kyle Musca: Probably guys, structure, start money, second, I should say. Absolutely, I'm ready to give it a while. I would definitely follow up with this show. This is a good quality lead. The other thing that's probably happening here as well is you'll find that certain, you know, parts of the week, the message, the ads will start firing in. And I'll say potentially what I've done is because I've changed the age around, it's kind of like throwing it out a bit. Like it started, because what can happen, unfortunately, is it can get into those ruts of, you know, time. Targeting uni students and it can get into these like really aggressive cycles of like, because it goes off interest targeting. So it basically says like this person was interested in it. So therefore this person should be interested in it as well. And obviously uni students and stuff, they're all looking at like pretty similar . Yeah. And then it can get it, like if it gets into a bad one, can get into this really aggressive cycle of just bad quality leads. So say what's potentially happening here is because it changed around the age range, it like has cut off that group of people that it was going to try and target. And that's like, oh, , like what do we do here?
Morgan Eldrett: And does it go off like, does any of it go off my audience as in like my Instagram followers or it doesn't have anything to do with that kind of stuff?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it will. So it will go off that.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, cause my, my following like on Instagram is like 42%, 25 to 34, 26%, 35 to 45 and only 14%. And 18 to 24. So it's not a big following of, like, young people really anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I can kind of... I mean, this one's actually quite good for the age range we're going for.
Morgan Eldrett: Should I just put that to Koda? Like, because I already said, Kame said, would you be king for that? Should I just message again and say, like, are you just checking in, or...?
Kyle Musca: Just be like, girl, I never heard back from you. Did you... Did you want to line up a call? Were you still trying to line up a call or something?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then... was I just doing then? Oh, yeah, that's it. Yeah, because... Do you have any women, like, do you have many clients in their mid-to-late 30s?
Morgan Eldrett: Um, maybe two. I feel like, um, let me have a look.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can see all the time, there's like this ad, for example, it's sitting at $16 cost per lead, and it played around with, like, who it should target across these three age groups, and then, obviously, the younger, 18 to 24, performed better, so it's like, all right, cool, let's go spend more money here, compare it to...
Morgan Eldrett: What ad was that one?
Kyle Musca: So this, I just shouldn't have done that.
Morgan Eldrett: Disappear... Disappear... Disappear... yeah, me, me, me... Mm. Because I wonder if, like... The language, like, is going to, like, affect who sort of resonates with it. Like, if it's a young girl being like, oh, yeah, or not.
Kyle Musca: It definitely will, but, like, I would say that girls still in their 20s, like, mid to late 20s and early 30s still want to look in the mirror and love what they see and drop that up and feel confident in their own skin. Like, that's still on brand messaging with that. Obviously, though, if you show that to a mom in her 40s or something, like, that's probably, yes, she'd want it, but that's not really a big motivating factor for her. So, yeah. So we'll just see, unfortunately, like, that is part of the testing is just, like, seeing, you know, what works. Technically, it did work, but it was just targeting the wrong people. So we've had to change that now. Oh, now we've got to try and, like, get it to refix on the right type of person. And again, we just have to test for that, unfortunately. Yeah. But again, ideally, once we find one that wins, then it's like, it can be ridiculous.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah. No, that's good. I'm not too fussed. What, where is that the total, what's the total spend on the ads over all of them so far? I haven't even looked.
Kyle Musca: So, since we first started running, I'm about 512.
Morgan Eldrett: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: But I did just turn that one off, so that will reduce it by 140 a week.
Morgan Eldrett: All right. No, that's fine. I was just looking, wanting to see.
Kyle Musca: The other thing, was like, once we do, you know, I find the right leads and start getting some sales, like you make that back. Like, if you get $1,000 cash collected straight away, like tomorrow, let's say, then you'd be $500 in the green, so it can shift very quickly.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Oh, that's fine. I don't know. You have to put it in to get it back anyway. Like that's the whole point of it. And I'm not too fast because I understand like it's not going to happen straight away. But that's, that's chill. Okay. So what if, oh my God, my computer's just frozen. Sorry. What do you want? Like, is there anything I can be doing different? Anything I can be doing better to sort of help things move along?
Kyle Musca: Um, I think one would just be like monitor the conversations and stuff like that when you get the chance. Um, just make sure that you're happy with them and make sure that that follow-up process is coming in there because like a fair few of those girls, you know, actually had pretty decent conversations overall. Um, well, that's not the filter, sorry. Even from this part. Um, Um, You know, whereas some of the conversations were pretty okay, she just needs to follow up a bit more.
Morgan Eldrett: Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then obviously just like making sure to see, like this is a good conversation. Like if they're giving you this much information, it's good. It just depends on where you're based. I don't work at the moment. I'm a full-time uni student. So that has definitely thrown a spanner in the works because there are a lot of those in there. So just picking up on it because that type of feedback there is really important for me to know because like all I can see is kind of like this. And if I'm looking at this, I'm like, oh, yeah, hell, yeah, they're performing actually quite good. It's just, yeah, obviously, like it doesn't tell the whole story. Yeah, of course. So feedback is like, oh, I can jump on it and change things around.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, definitely. Definitely. Yeah, I think there was like quite a few, like even in just this chunk. messages you can see like that there was a few like unemployed and then yeah a couple more like that well she was just signed up with another coach that was random but yeah like that fliss something that was unemployed but that's fine because that was from last week's one so that's totally happy she she was the that ghosted me.
Kyle Musca: oh yeah yeah so that's the other thing as I said like yeah people will be like I'm so keen to change my life and I'll say like all these different reasons and if they get off the phone you'll never hear from me again.
Morgan Eldrett: I was shocked I was literally shocked I was like what the  she was so keen and I was so excited I was like  yeah I just nailed that call like so good she was like she's like yeah I'm so excited Morgan like thank you this is so I'm so ready I was like oh wow lit yeah so just always send them the payment link on the call
Kyle Musca: Or make sure they pay on the call. You'll get people like, I'm so keen, and you send them to payment, but I've just got to run it back to work, but I'll get this signed up later. You've got to kind of pull them up like, yeah, no, it's no stress. It's literally only going take like a minute. It just means that I can get to work and like actually get your account set up. So, yeah, can you just click on that link and then you're like, you just push back. As awkward as you feel pushing back, they're going to feel even more awkward trying to push back on you again. And again, if they get off the call, you're just never going to hear from them again. But even like this as well, like I think that the two issues was the uni students are employed, which hopefully we fixed. And just the follow-up, because like, I don't know what's obviously in these voice notes, but this looks like a pretty decent conversation in terms of back and forth. And then it just, you know, nothing ever came from after this point.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, I can just check on all of those a little bit more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that's, again, something that Clemé should be doing. So I'll be going and chatting to her about this after.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I'll have to. So I'll message her, I guess. Anyway, and get her to do more hours because, yeah, I don't even know what she's doing now, but I'll check. But yeah, I can double check through them anyway and just go through, like, when I'm doing cardio or something, I can just run through and check. And is voice messages okay? Like, if I do the voices, it doesn't make it any better or worse?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd definitely throw them in there, especially if you've got time on the machine, you know, doing cardio or something like that. But I'll definitely, like, that's a great time to review conversations and just, like, send some voice notes for sure.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, cool. I can do that. And then, yeah, I'll try, keep trying posting, like, my ad, my application link, like, once or twice throughout the week. And I think that's going well enough. People click on it. Like, a lot of people click the link. So, at least there's, shows me that people are interested whether or not they apply straight away or not, that, like, they're still seeing it.
Kyle Musca: You can also just do, like, the DM thing as well. Um... Because it's like, well, you got to think of it as like less friction. So you got to, so the less friction we can have in a funnel, the better it is because, you know, for a form, they have to click on the form for the first point of friction. And every time they have to fill out a piece of information, it's friction, friction, friction, friction, submit, friction. And then there's a delay of reaching out to them where they're, it's like send messages, just like very easy friction. And then it's like just conversation, which is natural, which is what you'd have to do anyway, once they fill out the application. And then yeah, booked in on call then and there, if they've, you know, in that buying mindset.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. That's actually a good point. I didn't think about that. Yeah. Okay, cool. And then at least then it goes through. So if somebody messages me bikini. Oh yeah, that will go through to the ad.
Kyle Musca: Wait, is that what, is that how it works? It won't go through like as an ad, like that won't show up on meta, but it will fire the many chat thing.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh. Oh. Okay, yeah. Okay, so then, okay, yeah, and then that's the thing that they click through. Okay, yeah, cool. And so that's what they get when they get the ad, right? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so if they were to message Bikini, like this flow would fire.
Morgan Eldrett: Right, okay, okay. So should I probably do that more on my stories? Like instead of saying, putting my application link in my stories, I should be saying DM me change.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Okay. And then what I would even do here, which we can do now, is duplicate this and then...
Morgan Eldrett: Because I had the other day on my story, like I put a, I put like a check-in photo and anytime I put a check-in photo, like my story views go really, really high. And then I followed it up with my application link and I had like 40 people... Click it, but only one, no, only two applications. But if I had said DM me change, I might have had 40 DMs.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would do here is I would kind of just have like one, to be honest, because you can't always just want to direct them to one place. You know what mean? So you've got the application form here, which is fantastic, but you might just want to say, you know, DME, whatever word you want to use there. But what I'm trying to say here is maybe have like an organic trigger word that you use for like always. So that way we can kind of see where the lead has actually come from.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, okay. Yeah. So maybe like coaching or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what we can do here is add tag. Like, organically. And then, yeah, so then if we change it here to, what's your coaching company name?
Morgan Eldrett: My coaching company is kind of the same name as my podcast, so I'm not that, because that will be really confusing. It's like Mindset Lounge. Oh, maybe Method?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so Messages.
Morgan Eldrett: Because it's like Mindset Lounge Method. But my podcast is called Mindset Lounge, so if I do that, it'll be really, people will be messaging weird stuff.
Kyle Musca: Method. just Method. So, cool. And then, yeah, so what you might want to do is like DME Method for one-to-one coaching. Yeah. Like, this guy off the top of my head. I, okay. Just something to look like that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, perfect. can do that.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Cool. And then, yeah, that will, that won't fire just yet. me turn that on. Thanks. There we go. Yeah, and now if they type method, that will fire.
Morgan Eldrett: Sweet. Okay, method. Let me just write that down. DM method instead of coaching. Okay, cool. Sweet. Okay, so follow-up, follow-up chats more. How long before I should follow them up? 12 hours, four hours?
Kyle Musca: So the money, money is a lot of money to be made in the follow-up. A lot of people follow up way too little, and a lot of money slips through the crack. I would do it- Okay. Okay. All And if you can, or definitely a claim A is like one hour, three hours, 12 hours, 24 hours, and then like potentially even like longer than that.
Morgan Eldrett: Jesus.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I only do three just because I don't want to come across too spammy. But like, and I have different ones, but like for my bot, for example, which is probably the easiest way to show it, is. Um, so, uh, kind of got to see the, let's say it's question one, what do you think's holding you back? What do you need right now to have, make it happen? So it's question one. Let's go to CTA one at one hour. Hey bro, I'm about to dive into some programming. So just checking to see if you're still around before I. Otherwise, I should be back on in a few hours. Hey, man, so three hours later, we'll send, hey, man, just having a quick break between stuff, so let's see if you're free to finish off our chat. Seven hours later, so you could do seven, I'll do 12. Yeah, man, been a while now, so it seems like you're no longer keen to keep chatting. All good if you've been caught up, but let me know if you change your mind or we'll you from the shortlist.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then seven hours after that, just clean through my convos, so we haven't finished hours. All good, now's not over the time, I'll remove you from the shortlist, and feel free to put me a message if anything changes.
Morgan Eldrett: Right, okay, yeah, okay. So three. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I've been leaving it too long.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And. Instead of, yeah, okay, I definitely need to follow them up more and not just say the same thing. Like, hey, checking in because that's  annoying.
Kyle Musca: You can. I did it because this is the bot. So, like, you can kind of say the same similar things. But, like, for mine, the bot, you know, if I had to do all the same things, like, hey, bro, haven't heard back. And then they didn't reply in an hour the next time. Like, hey, bro, haven't heard back. You know, it'd be, like, annoying. With a little bit more human touch, you can kind of, like, just change the wording a little bit. And then I also, with all that stuff as well, be very cautious to not seem, like, I guess, needy. Kind of always seem, like, come across as, like, it's there on your time. So, it's, like, hey, just checking in, yada, yada, yada. Like, I don't even like this message. Not sure if my last message got buried or if you saw my last message. It's not too bad. But, like, it's always, like, hey, bro, just wrapped up somewhere. I can want to see if you're still keen to map something out together before I get caught up again.
Morgan Eldrett: So, it's like. Like always trying to, you're on my time type thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, because I feel like it's like desperate as if it's like, hey, like just checking in, seeing if you got that last whatever, whatever, because then they're like, oh my God, she just  wants me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's just about like, and it also removes the authority when you do that. You know what mean? Like even on calls, I'll be like, you know, I don't want to take up too much of your time. And I've got a call in an hour. So you don't want to rip right in. So it's like you set the standard of like authority. Like I'm not chasing you here.
Morgan Eldrett: You're on my time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: So. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: So then, yeah, I'll just keep on top of all those DMs then this, this week. Um, and then we'll see if we have a difference in, uh, age and like. Deployment status and students and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If we can get that sorted, then we should be good. Because the actual conversations that were being had in your account were actually pretty good for the most part. Yeah. In terms of them not being, like, really blunt and, you know, giving one-word replies and stuff like that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I think, like, most – well, most of them were pretty good. But, yeah, like, it's easy to sort of – I feel like as girls, girls are kind of dump their  on you. It's quite often.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, giving enough information is good. But, like, obviously if someone's trauma-dumping you, that's a bit of a red flag and it's the same. But the follow-up is, you know, super important. Because I even know for me, like, if I'm busy with work or something and I'll see someone's message me, I'll reply to it later. And then, like, I just completely forget about it and I don't reply. So, that's why it's just good to, like, pop back up and be like, hey.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah. I just need to commit some time because I'm really bad, like I don't, I don't, I'm really bad with messaging. So I'll just have to sort of like set some time aside that, I'm just going to check all my DMs, like scroll through my whole like DM thing.
Kyle Musca: That way I'll just know it'll get done. Well, yeah, so one climate should be doing that, but again, you don't have, you know, heaps. It's not like you're getting crazy, crazy volume or anything like that. So again, would just, it should only take you like five minutes a day to be honest, just to make sure it is being done, just come into main chat, come into conversation, live chat, just filter. I would filter by not finished flow to IG ads all. And then I would just quickly come power through these as you've done here and just like any time you see a follow up to do.
Morgan Eldrett: And if you just do that consistently, it shouldn't take you like five minutes a day. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And that would be really good as well for you to, like, read through the conversations to make sure you're happy with everything so you can give me and Clemé feedback.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, cool. Yeah, well, that's good. I'm glad I said something to Cal because he said to me to tell you about the age of the, like, lots of students. So that was good. I'll just keep you updated anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, definitely. And all that stuff was super useful, so by all means. Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: Perfect. And then, yeah, this time is fine every week. I just had to check with my client because I had to move her early. I was just checking she could change every week and she can. So we'll just lock that in for 5 p.m.
Kyle Musca: my time Wednesdays. Yeah. What, uh, can you send me through your email and I'll just lock that in there and I'll send you the invite as well. So that way, you know, no clients can kind of book it if you've got the calendar thing.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, sweet. sweet. Yeah, Yeah, well, Wednesdays is my posing client day, so that's fine anyway. So it won't be Kayla's calls. It will be posing stuff. But, yeah, okay, cool. Well, I'll just keep on top of that. I'll keep on top of the ads, the messages, and I think that's really it, and hopefully get a few more calls to practice this week. But I did well with the calls that I had, like, with people that were not through the, like, the ads. I feel like I did a bit better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. What I can also do as well is get you on with my sales trainer, and he can, like, run you through the script, help you do all that as well, just to make sure, like, get you feeling more confident. There's a lot of stuff with sales that you can't really explain on a script or anything like that. But, and when you do do these calls, try and, again, just try and review them, because he can jump on there and give you call feedback and everything there, which will be super useful.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, no, that's good. I definitely would. Like to do that.
Kyle Musca: Maybe I should do that sooner rather than later. Yeah, so I can make the connect with him and you can jump on and run through the script and then, I mean, because you didn't record those two calls, did you?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I forgot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so we could just jump on with him and run through the script just so you really understand it front and back, which will carry over. Well, like I had another guy do it last week and he went straight into making like four or five sales in a row, so.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, no, I think that'll be good, like just for me to have a bit more understanding of like why, because you explaining it last call was really helpful for me. was like, oh, okay, that makes more sense, because I was kind of like skipping over bits because I was like, oh, it's probably not necessary, but obviously it's all necessary. And then, yeah, that might actually be handy to do that sooner rather than later. And then I can just keep like, like learning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. So I'll make the connect with him right after this and then you guys.
Morgan Eldrett: You can just line up the tile. Yeah, awesome. Okay, well, thank you very much. I'll see you next week, and then I'll message you if anything changes in terms of the DMs, if they get better or worse or anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Perfect. Awesome. All right, well, enjoy the rest of the week. I'll chat to you very soon. Thank you. Bye. See ya. Bye.


>>> 215/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-16T04:51:19Z | id:94534771
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Plenty of chats with him and everything like that. This meeting is being recorded. You know, I just can't, you know, run a business of, like, numbers that aren't accurate. So, cool. And then that should give him, yeah, hopefully light a bit of a fire under his arse because if he doesn't help you, then he does not have any work.
Callum Hinze: I suppose it has, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Well, I guess how, we'll just start with the basics. How many calls have we booked over all this week?
Callum Hinze: This week, a good chunk. He's had a few reschedules, but he's actually been on top of rescheduling them lately. Total this week, I'm going to pull it up. There's been a good chunk of messages coming through, actually. I don't know how they've been performing, but it looks like there's heaps of response.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the look like they've started to optimise a fair bit there, which is good.
Callum Hinze: Once it's loaded. Callum's booked this week. He's signed two on his end for me already. Booked this week, including cancellations and no-shows, he's had five, six, seven, eight, nine. Sixteen. Including the remainder of today and tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Is that between the two of us or just him?
Callum Hinze: That's just him.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Callum Hinze: I haven't taken any this week. He's been doing most of them. I've still been just sort of just handling the direct inquiries, like just people that have submitted a check-in form. And then leaving most of the other ones to him. He's signed two. He had a bunch on Monday, but a lot of those rescheduled. Then he's got a good chunk today.
Kyle Musca: Okay. How many has he taken total?
Callum Hinze: Let me just see if he's updated his thing. Totally is taken of those. Who's, where is that? He hasn't filled it out for me yet, has he? Wait, what's the date today?
Kyle Musca: 16th. The 16th, yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, he still hasn't filled it, which is the one. So I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you need to know those numbers. So how many, okay, so. Yeah, okay. It's a tricky one because you're like 16 calls, like that should have resulted, like usually when you'd be taking the calls, that's probably like a good five to seven clients right there at least, I would say. Like, yeah, hard to say. The other thing, I was a little bit annoyed, not annoyed, I guess, a little bit annoyed, I guess, is that he seemed to just like keep selling these like low-tech. Ticket packages for me. Yeah, I mean, like it was just like silver, silver, silver, silver. And I was okay for that for a little bit because of the recurring revenue. But then it got to a point where I obviously don't want everyone on silver. Like there's a higher ticket package there for a reason. And you get a lot of the people that just start to pull out and, you know, getting annoying because they haven't laid a financial investment down. They're just paying a weekly rate. Hence another reason I decided to get rid of them. So, and then I actually spoke to a guy about it and he sort of said that Jake actually recommended him to go onto the silver. So I don't know 100% around that. But like, I'm not 100% sure if he's just trying to get a sale across the line. So I'd be very, very cautious about that. I would probably actually like review a call or two. And yeah, to be honest, when do you guys head off?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. A week and a half for the first trip. Okay. Yeah, midweek next fortnight. pretty much nearly two weeks.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So to be honest, I would probably like jump back in the saddle of the sales calls as much as possible for you, especially while you're getting this call volume through just to get, you know, Liam filled up as much as possible and keep you really nice and profitable for you before you head off.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, and then chuck him back on while we're away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like maybe get him to take a few here and there and everything like that. But yeah, like he just, you know, he's a nice guy, great guy himself. And he started off good. He started off really promising. And then, I don't know, his performance just seemed to drop. He doesn't track numbers. He doesn't close high ticket packages. Like I had him for like probably a good month at least where he didn't sell any of my high ticket Emerald packages. And then I got Tommy back in there and the first week he saw Oh, two of them. So I was like, what the  are we doing here? You know, and it's just like, that's so much money being left on the table from, one, just not following people up, not tracking data so we can actually see what things we need to change. Not going for higher ticket packages because, you know, there's an actual sales component rather than just trying to get a sale for the sake of it. Which is unfortunate to because I like him as a person, but it's just not. Where we need things to be.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, haven't filled this out because I don't really know how many he's actually taken and how many have just not showed up.
Kyle Musca: And the other issue with that is if he's not filling it out on a daily basis, the numbers can be completely skewed because, I don't know about you, but like me trying to think back about who I've spoken to, what we spoke about, is like  very hit and miss. So, um, and it's like, if we're skewing down. Then it's like it's giving us the wrong information and we make the wrong decisions based off that. The other thing, I don't know about how yours is set up as well, but one thing I'd be super cautious about with him is setting payments up. Like it got to the point where I had to like tell him daily to set payments up because he just wasn't setting up.
Callum Hinze: I've just simplified it for his one. So he's just doing like the Newe link with like just certain installments. But he's had a lot of times where he's messaged me and say, hey, I've just sold this guy. Payment will be coming through soon. Meaning he hasn't actually do it on the call. And a lot of them just, you know how it is, they just flake.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So again, like he's just trying to go for easy sales. But anytime a closer says that, it's just a huge red flag. You know what mean? Like I've made a sale. They're going to pay here. It's like, well, no, get the  money there. Otherwise, you're wasting everyone's time here. And these are just things that I. I literally had to make it on a daily basis to follow up when I had to make sure that things were getting done. And even then, it still weren't. So, completely up to you, obviously, your business and everything, whether or not you want to continue doing it. like, unfortunately, for me, his performance just dropped massively, and he just wasn't doing his job, realistically, of setting up payments and recording data, which is part of the job. So, do you know of any others that you've experienced that have any availability, closer-wise, that were any good? I could definitely look. I could definitely look at some.
Callum Hinze: I know that there's obviously so many closers out there, like, they're easy to find, but if you've got ones that you've got experience with, that just save the trial period.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I could.
Callum Hinze: I don't know that's true on it once and just create a bit of competition, like, and then just see who does better, and then the other one drops off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I did that. I did that with him and Tommy at that time. His health Emerald sounds like, oh, , I've to get rid of this guy. I could have a look around. There's one guy, there's one guy, Nathan would have been good, but I don't think, I messaged Nathan, but he wasn't out. Apparently he's doing pretty well on this new offer. He's getting quite a lot of volume calls. You could have a look around. They're kind of, they're pretty hard to find because like a closer does make a huge impact on your business. You know what mean? Like you, it's not just about someone like showing up and taking calls. It's like, are they making the sales that you could have been making and how many sales you're actually losing from that? You know what mean? Like when we're talking about like, you know, over weeks and months, like tens of thousands of dollars, hundreds of thousands of dollars, really. So, you know, you don't want to, one, rush it. And two, like I, obviously. While you're away, that's going to be completely different. How long are going for again?
Callum Hinze: On and off for about a month. So there'll be a little bit of a back, but most of the time, like, it'll be on and off from, what, end of October to end of November. So really only a month.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I reckon, well, I'll a look around. I'll have a look around and I'll try and see if I can source some. I'll ask Tommy because he might have a network of some. And then I do know one guy, he used to work for me. He was actually quite good. The only issue there is he kind of dicked me around towards the end, which pissed me off. But other than that, he was pretty good besides that. So he might be okay. It's kind of hard with your role because, like, again, it just needs to be someone that is, you know, clearly into the gym because you'd be getting a lot of dudes that are a bit more serious about. Whereas, you know, Tommy fits that gen pop niche. Yeah, I can definitely have a look. I'll have a look. Cool. Then the other thing I reckon we do there is like, while you're away, we really try and get that lead magnet up and running and sorted and just try and get a  ton of volume through so they get good at calls quickly.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I need to build that up. What did you say? You know, you said like a program. Just like a shred program or a cut program, hey, it wasn't going have to be overly specific, the document or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Honestly, what I would do here is just like come into here, just go deep research and I would just give it a good strong prompt. Or even like sometimes, it's a bit lazy, sometimes I like to do is like, I want to write an e-book that I can use as a... способ because of конечно, Thank you for all my men's health and fitness coaching. Included so I can. Get a very refined. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Thank all my videos. a lot. We'll Great. E-books? Send to the... Is that Jon Jewett He's a man He's a man Sure. Are there any other coaches?
Callum Hinze: I honestly don't do it for most things, eh? His stuff's absolutely quality.
Kyle Musca: Throw Joe Bennett in there.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Maybe Hanny Randall.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, does he put much content out? I feel like I've only seen YouTube on of his. Maybe. I'm sure he does.
Kyle Musca: I've always done a follow. So we'll just throw it in there so it knows kind of who, yeah, any of the old-bound coaches. What else do we want to include in here? Diet, training, supplementation. supplementation. Um, et cetera, et cetera, and in depth, have, have, uh, written, um, okay, so sometimes, like, give it a good prompt to ask it to write a master prompt for you. Um, and then, you know, it spit something out like this. You were an expert recently. Researcher and science-based fitness educator, training, symbolic, fat loss, everyday men, age 25 to 50, task is conducting multi-source research, lead magnet e-book for, oh, change, change it, so it's. Foundations of fat loss, body recomposition, muscle growth, nutrition, diet strategies, training systems. And then what I would do here, yeah, perfect, it's part three, writing style guidelines. And then what I would do here is like just. And then, yeah, actually, we could, well, we can add your coaching application link in here as well, by the looks of it. So we could do that. And then a, what would we say, a four-week training program or something like that?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: four-week training as well. So we that. Perfect. then, yeah, all I would do is, you know how to use deep research and stuff, eh? Yeah. Yeah, sick. You just have to plug this in, then you should be good to go.
Callum Hinze: Awesome. That'll be easy.
Kyle Musca: Chat GPT 5, Optimization. There's one out.
Callum Hinze: Another update.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. . I didn't even realize. I must have brought a new one. What's that say? Where the master prompt is restructured for a direct copy and paste use with built-in subcommands that automatically generate each section. Content Visual CTA designer nodes run. I mean, let's not do that for now, but. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You And then send that through to me once you do it. I'd be keen to see how it actually comes up. Let's see what this says. Thank you. I didn't do it, you  prick. Because this on... Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, okay. Yeah, Okay, so because it's running all sections, back, back, chat, skip, skip, man, nuances, like, perfect. One idea if you want the section to be customized, ultra detailed. Okay. I mean, I don't really understand that because. Well. Research. So, yeah. Let's don't need space. you. Okay, yeah, so it reckons use this one then. So I might do, actually just to make this easier for you, yeah, there you go, cool. So yeah, use this one instead. And then it should ideally, like, write it so you can just send straight to Lucky to create.
Callum Hinze: It's so easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. Perfect. Okay. Cool. I guess, did you have many wins this week?
Callum Hinze: What did we have this week? Pretty standard week, really. Like, still signing average, like, anywhere from, like, three to five to six new clients per week. They're still coming up. Nothing really out of the usual, but things are still rolling along, I think. Yeah, definitely the last couple of days, messages have been popping up more. From those ads. So, yeah, but otherwise not.
Kyle Musca: Have you had a chance to film those new ones with Vaughn?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, he's editing them. I just sent him out some graphics and stuff for them today.
Kyle Musca: So I'm guessing they'll be done probably pretty soon. Yeah, okay.
Callum Hinze: So they'll be done. I reckon they'll probably be done by the end of the week or start of next week. As long as. But we didn't push those straight away, did we? That was sort of one season, current ones die off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, if these ones are performing well, then we'll just keep going for it. The other thing is, oh, do have some graphics pumping, actually. Are you noticing a lot of them, yeah, Cospet Lead, that's looking really healthy there. Are you noticing a lot of them are coming from a specific, you know, graphic or video?
Callum Hinze: A lot of them are coming from whatever the reset trigger word one is, which I think was a graphic.
Kyle Musca: Okay. It might be this one. I'm going to show the screen. Because they're all looking healthy. And I changed some things around the other. So this one's lean. I reckon it's pumping well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that one's coming through a bit. I noticed reset, lean, and what's on starting with C?
Kyle Musca: I mean, for a video, this one seems to be pumping pretty well as well.
Callum Hinze: Reece has had a reset one come through now as well.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, this video, I Was reset a video or a graphic? Probably both, but this video does have reset in it.
Callum Hinze: Gotcha. To be honest, they're all coming through. All of them, really. I noticed recently. That a bit more often, but they're all, I'm looking through all now, there's heaps, just a variety of them. Reset. Lean. Reset, yeah. Oh yeah, reset was a video.
Kyle Musca: Because this one, we still got plenty to go through as well, because I haven't like, I've just been like, turning a few on at the time, so I can kind of actually test them properly, but like this one, for example, 30 to 50, which is a nice age range, because I've all those younger kids. That one's doing really well. And then, graphics, I'd say that's probably reset maybe. Ready?
Callum Hinze: I'll just check reset. The reset video one had a few replies.
Kyle Musca: That's like me on the treaty. Yeah, yeah, that was the one we just looked at.
Callum Hinze: It was seemingly coming through a lot.
Kyle Musca: Next, you have any next?
Callum Hinze: A few of those, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's a good, like, well-rounded, like, pool, to be honest. But, um, like, you've got this one. Oh, it hasn't really fired that much, which is interesting, actually. And then this one. Not spent. No, I mean. Okay. So, yeah, I'll just keep, I'll keep playing around with them. But you can see the click-through rate is really high on these videos, which is really good, compared to the graphics. So, basically, that's just, like, a little indicator to gauge how, I guess, Interested people are in actually, like, watching the video. That's really high on that one, actually. So we'll see how I go there. I don't really spend that much. And then, yeah, we've got, like, all these to still go through as well. So there's heaps in there. Cool. So I reckon the biggest thing in order of operations for you right now is, honestly, while you're away, sorry, before you go away, I would probably try and jump back into the saddle of the closing and just try and get Liam as full as possible. Just so, like, if there are hiccups while you're away, it's not, you know, kind of mediating it a little bit. In the meantime, I can try and find a closer. I do have one guy I've chatted to. He is skillful. I don't know if he'll fit the role as much. But we can see. And then. And I'll also ask around as well to see if I know anyone else. Then I would just try and get that lead magnet done as soon as possible because really ideally we would want to test that before you go away and even get some marketing material and everything like that for it as well. And then, you know, if get a closer, then we can kind of pump them with just calls. Historically for me, I've only ran a lead magnet for a relatively short period of time. But when I was doing it, my cost per call got cut in half. So it actually did pay off really well. Just obviously, you know, the call quality is not as high intent. So the close rate theoretically should be lower, but that's where you need a good closer to kind of step in and handle that for you. And then you're  laughing there. And then while we do all that, will you have like, will you be able to film some stuff or anything like that?
Callum Hinze: What? Let's I'll While you're away? Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Probably not ads, but definitely like content and stuff easily.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. I mean, even just like, I mean, you've got heaps of training clips, so we could even do something like, like as long as we have your camera or anything.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. To be honest, we had to film a favor over there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like it's not like, you know, going crazy, but like, even if you just set up at a gym or like in park or where are going?
Callum Hinze: New Zealand and Japan.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like even just set up with the mountains or something in the back or whatever.
Callum Hinze: I'm sure. No, actually not going to say it. I'm going to have time on my hands because we're there, Morgan's competing.
Kyle Musca: So it's not like we're doing anything.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. So probably, I'll probably be working. It's just that the hours will be a different for taking calls. But yeah. Yeah. If you have any ideas for content or anything, I can film whatever really.
Kyle Musca: Well, this is like Alfie Gittardt and he, like, apparently does like 900K a month or something. Something like that. And you'll see like a lot of his videos are just sitting like down talking to the camera, but there's just a lot of visual overlays and you've got a heap of training clips.
Callum Hinze: I reckon you can just do that.
Kyle Musca: Create their viral videos. Like obviously it's just made sure it's like a nice aesthetic kind of color tone and everything like that. But a lot of them are just. You guys enjoy my journey.
Callum Hinze: Talking straight to the camera. don't like nothing crazy. is that? I'll make sure.
Kyle Musca: It's Alphic Gets Hard. You're tired of posting and getting endless crickets. You could just listen up. Like you could just do this with, you know, the mountains.
Callum Hinze: Oh yeah, you can do stuff pop up just on like sponsored posts and stuff actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like he runs a  ton of ads, as you can see.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Yeah, he's just good.
Kyle Musca: have be anything crazy and you've got so many video overlays that. Yeah. You can definitely get away with You're struggling to make content a little less than that. You know what mean?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, but I reckon, because what, and the reason I say that is because like, we'll probably have to start looking at doing your end of year stuff while you're in New Zealand. Because we'll get this lead magnet kind of up and running ASAP. So try and get that, you know, done as soon as possible, if possible. And then we can, we can start pumping that a little bit.
Callum Hinze: Peace. I'll I'll get that on ASAP.
Kyle Musca: That'll be easy. Yeah. Sick, man. And then I reckon that we, yeah, cool. And then we can play around some pretty cool stuff there. Yeah, cool. Sweet, bro. Other than that, I'll just continue to optimize the ads and everything in the background. I did make some changes the other day. So if you've noticed, you know, more messages come through, that's obviously a good sign. Have you had a chat to... I spoke to Morgan yesterday, we haven't really had a chance to give it enough time, but I increased her age range a fair bit to try and weasel out the younger kids. So we'll see how she keeps going there. How is she going, like, energy-wise and everything? Is she keeping up with it all right?
Callum Hinze: She's feeling it. She'll be fine in a couple of weeks. She's just, like, two weeks out, so she's a bit, like, brain-dead at the moment, but she's coping okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I mean, if she's, like, struggling, I have spoken to two, oh, I've got, I've spoken to one female closer, it was good, I just don't really have too much work for her.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I was looking at another one on Monday, because I was trying to fill it for, like, some other people, but then I found a closer, so I was like, I might as well just interview these people in case. So, I mean, she can always, like, potentially look at that if she's struggling.
Callum Hinze: She might be keen on that one more away, having a closer on. Yeah. I think she's sort of at the point now. She just wants to, she's... Wants to practice closing, but I think when we're away, having some on-throw might be helpful.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, just because I know, like, going through taxing, so.
Callum Hinze: And the conversations would be harder.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so, I mean, and then, like, you know, from a money perspective, like, even just increase it by 10%, you know what mean? So it's, I mean, we've already increased the rates that she was charging, but even if she did, like, you know, three months is $2,200, you know what mean? Like, it's still, then technically, she's not paying anything extra on the closer.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'll ask her and see what she thinks.
Kyle Musca: That might be smart. Yeah. Otherwise, her ads are looking, like, healthy and everything from a numbers perspective, and then we just spoke about the messaging and changing some stuff around there, and then, yeah, hopefully change the ad stuff around. So it's just in that early period of just refining it, but, yeah, hopefully.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, she's hard on herself. She's fine, like, she's got... Up to 15 clients, and she's only been pushing coaching for a couple of weeks, so she's not doing bad, but as always, her number's looking good, and like, she's got the following, she's got the authority, like, I've got no doubt that we can get it pumping for her, it would just be that. I think her thing was really, she said there were so many girls that were, like, pregnant or something, so they obviously weren't ready to start coaching, like, why don't you inquire that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, think what happened was, like, because I set it to a lower age range, like, 22, so it wasn't even that low, but to try and, because, you know, I assume she'd probably have a little bit of a younger audience, and then I think just a couple of uni students messaged through, and then it just, because it was so early on, it got caught in this aggressive  cycle of, like, let's try and target more uni students, and I was like, oh, . So, hopefully, increasing the age just cuts that out completely, or significantly, and then, yeah, can optimise it from there.
Callum Hinze: Sweet. Sweet ads, sweet ads. Yeah, think to me, I'm pretty easy, I'll get that. That e-book thing done, and yeah, happy days.
Kyle Musca: After you do the deep research and you put it into a Google Doc or whatever to send to Lucky, send it through to me as well because I'd be keen to have a look at it. I've been meaning to do it. just kind of got around to it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: I'll put that all together ASAP. Yeah, perfect, man. Awesome, bro. If you need anything from me, just let me know. Otherwise, also just let me know when Vaughan's finished their editing on those new ads, and then I'll have a look at them. Sweet.
Callum Hinze: Possibly. I really enjoyed that. The one where it was just like testimonies. Oh, Didn't that be just like saying, hey, I know it was just sort of me just talking to the camera, speaking about client results.
Kyle Musca: I reckon that's going to turn out great because that just flowed really well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Otherwise, yeah, all about just gearing up for when you leave and then also December as well. So we're in a good position as we are.
Callum Hinze: Cool. All right. Easy one. I'll get to work on that e-book thing. Perfect. Thank you, man. Enjoy the rest of the week. I'll chat to you soon. All right, you too. Speak soon. Yeah.


>>> 216/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-16T07:06:51Z | id:94540905
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, how Good, how are you? Good, good, how's the mood going?
Tash Fenton: Oh. You always underestimate just how much there is to do, hey. Then today our internet cut out for like two hours. They're like, oh, sorry, we did it early. I was like, oh, my God. But it's okay. I got it back, I got it back. Which is good. I was trying to do looms off hotspot and it was like cutting out after like 30 seconds. Oh, no. That's right. It's all right. We got there. We just got the stuff in the apartment left to go. So we've got all the storage container stuff there, all of our clothes and  there. So it's just like, furniture, done. Oh, I can't hear. Where is my thing?
Kyle Musca: I don't know. No. Oh, there we go.
Tash Fenton: The better? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So, yeah, most of the heavy lifting out of the way there?
Tash Fenton: Kind of. Only, like, yeah, our two-bedroom apartment stuff in there, so.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay.
Tash Fenton: Cool. But we got removalists on Saturday, so we're good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, got it. Cool. Well, yeah, we'll rip right in. So, I guess, how did this week go from your side of things?
Tash Fenton: I definitely feel like it was my fault, you know, like the sales calls, obviously. I just, I knew I didn't handle them very well. I knew I could get better at the objection handling. So, yeah, I think it would be really cool to talk to that guy because, yeah, I was just getting so stuck on. A few of them were just like, oh, I just wanted to get an idea of price and then sell them. We're just like, oh, have to talk to my Which I know, obviously, you said it's just that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Did you get a chance to record any of them?
Tash Fenton: Yeah, I did. I have to find where. I know I recorded them in Loom.
Kyle Musca: I think they're in Loom. What we might even do is just, like, review one today together because everything else is, like, doing well. Yeah.
Tash Fenton: I feel like maybe, I don't know, maybe there needs to be a little bit better price qualification, maybe, maybe, as in some of them are, like, oh, I'm a mom and I work three days. Or do you think that that might be worth it or not?
Kyle Musca: Yes or no. I would kind of say no now just to get volume through, just to get reps in because, like, sometimes what, like, and what good closers will do. What I will do is if I know someone's not qualified, I won't just necessarily end the call or anything. I'll go through the entire process and just test things and push a lot harder, try things that I just wouldn't try on a normal call. So that way when you do get into a high-pressure situation where it is on the fence, you're a little bit calmer because you've already been in that. Yeah, yeah. So, and, like, I've gotten to the point where, like, the last one I had, like, the kid, like, the guy seemed a bit, like, retarded, like, you see, you know, he seemed a bit special. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I was, like, but he had, like, a job and he had some sort of income and stuff. And I was, like, at the point, I was, like, were you on, like, government support or?
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just, like, asking questions that you probably wouldn't ask normal, you know, qualified people because you're a little bit, you know, you don't want to come off the wrong way. I was, like, your parents pay for it?
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know what you mean. Yeah. Um, yeah, I just, I get stuck. I don't really know where they are. I think I got them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if want to shoot me through a link and we'll just open that. And I reckon we just, um, review that.
Tash Fenton: I know I didn't do good, but anyway.
Kyle Musca: First call sales calls is always like that. Also, keep in mind that these people are on the calls because they're not good at making decisions.
Tash Fenton: They're not good at taking accountability.
Kyle Musca: Um, you know, all that stuff. Like they have bad mindsets, bad habits, and that's why they're in the position that they're in. So your job as the, you know, the salesperson and the coach is to not feed into their . And they're going to tell you all the different reasons as to why they can't start, why it's not a good time for X, Y, Z. And it's like, well, you know, and honestly, objection handling, like it is obviously like sales and everything like that. But one thing I like to think of, like at the end of the day, objection handling is more so coaching than anything. Because you need to break beliefs. need to break limiting beliefs to get them across the line. Because if you can't break their belief, if don't change their belief and their ideas, then nothing's going to change in terms of them moving forward. So it's more so like getting them to understand that, again, the way they're thinking and everything that they've done until this point has got them to the position that they're in. So it's like we need to change something in order for you to experience change.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, because I feel like obviously using your script, it's like what if nothing changes? And they're like, oh, that's just not an option. And it does really seem like they are. I'm like, oh, yeah, this is going well. It seems like it's going to go well. And then it just doesn't. I'm like, oh, it's obviously me. And I fully accept responsibility. Like, I know I'm not nearly pushing it hard enough. I know that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so and then I requested access to the loom, by the way. And then really, like the way I. would think of it as like the sale starts at the first note, like, you know, everything at that point is just to try and like get them into a good spot for them to say yes. But the sale does start at the first note, like, because everything else there is just like talking and reading a script and stuff. So, yeah, I repeat the access to one.
Tash Fenton: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: This video is private. And then with the, let me see if that works.
Tash Fenton: How do I change the privacy? Edit. No. Sorry.
Kyle Musca: Very good.
Tash Fenton: To let them share this video, can share the privacy settings on the video on the share page. Only Workspace can view. Do you want me to play it on my screen and share my screen, if that would work better?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, could try that, and then I'll just gain access from my control to your screen so I can pause it.
Tash Fenton: Yeah. Okay, internet's too slow.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Are there still bookings coming through?
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah. I think I had 10 total, but two no-showed. And then a couple rescheduled, which was good. It's always like something dramatic.
Kyle Musca: It's so funny, isn't it?
Tash Fenton: Maybe we can change it. I'll just see if it's better on the computer to edit the... I don't know, I'll just share my screen. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Can you see that? Yeah, what I'll do is request remote control.
Tash Fenton: System settings. What the heck?
Kyle Musca: Are you in? Oh, there we go. Oh. Is that that one? Where are we at? Is this you?
Tash Fenton: Yeah, it's you. Sorry. Done.
Kyle Musca: And then we go back. Is that all working now? We'll see.
Tash Fenton: Drastically changed. It was just how my body processed. I actually got older and entered that sort of peri phase of life. Yeah, yeah. That's the hard thing is that sadly, as the age, this hormone will start to slowly, year on year slow down. And that's the hardest bit of all that most people don't change anything. And if you keep eating the same year on year, it's just a teeny little increase, teeny little increase. Yeah. And what is kind of causing this in the back end is how much muscle do we have? You know, the more muscle we have, more fat we're going to burn all the time. So what also comes when our hormones are slowly on the decrease is that muscle box. Can you see that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. All that bit happens. Already I can see there is you're trying to coach, which is... Yeah, I know.
Tash Fenton: So it's like... Yeah.
Kyle Musca: One thing you want to keep in mind on a call is like you never want to go into... One, coaching. One, Um, because you can start throwing a bunch of like long, big terms at her and she can be sitting there thinking like, what the ? And you can kind of like, almost see her in her face there. She's like, oh, like this is information overload.
Tash Fenton: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, um, always just like, trying to share. Almost. Let me see. Trying to see if I can figure the share thing out because it's like laggy on this.
Tash Fenton: So I want to like, be able to go back and forth and share externally. Oh yeah. Anyone. Do you want me to do that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Send that through to me. So I can, yeah. Cool. I'll stop.
Tash Fenton: Slow, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: Oh, it's just always slow when you do the, like, screen sharing. Is that it? Yes. Perfect. Go.
Tash Fenton: And then I stopped sharing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, I knew that. Can see Did I stop sharing? No.
Kyle Musca: Ah, I was talking. Yeah. Drastically change. was just what, how my body processed, I assume, as I got older and entered that sort of periphase of life. Oh. Yeah, yeah. That's a hard thing is, but sadly, as we age, just almost will start to literally, you know, drastically change.
Tash Fenton: It was just how my body.
Kyle Musca: That's be. Right. Processed over and into that sort of peri-phase of life. Yeah, yeah. That's the hard thing is that sadly, as we age, this hormone will start to slowly, that's the hardest bit of all, that most people don't change anything. And if you keep eating the same, you're on, yeah, it's just a tino-ingree, tino-ingree, yeah. And what is kind of causing this in the back end is how much muscle do we have? You know, the more muscle we have, the more fat we're going to burn all the time. So what also comes when our hormones are slowly decreasing? The other thing I'd remember there is like with, you know, peri-menopausal women, middle-aged women, all that stuff, especially they're coming in on perimenopause, ads, hormones, and stuff. We start talking about muscle mass and like all this other stuff, even though it's obviously a key driving factor of how to actually make change, they're going to see that and probably think like, oh, this is more about bodybuilding, this is more about, you know, gym stuff. You know what mean?
Tash Fenton: Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: We want to, yeah, we can talk about it.
Tash Fenton: been like the way I do too, probably. They're like, oh, she's just a gym girl.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like the easiest thing to remember with this is, oh, that's what I wanted to do, we'll do that as well because we'll let it load a bit, is always just repeat back to what they said to them. Okay. So you can either say something like, oh, okay, so yeah, like as you, you know, you've, you know, obviously, not obviously, but as you do the same thing and, yeah. feel like the metabolism slowed down a little bit. Yeah. Yeah, you just recite back to what they say because then they're like, oh, she's just understood what I've said. Okay, yeah. By verbally saying, or offer a solution. So it's like, okay, so you feel like, you know, as you've sort of, you know, entered into your 40s and 50s and got into that menopausal stage, you feel like your metabolism has slowed down. So maybe some like, I guess, just a little bit of help around the nutrition side of things would be pretty helpful for you then. Yeah. Yes. Okay, cool. So again, she's understood what I've said. you don't, don't coach, just say like. Yeah. That essentially different version of that.
Tash Fenton: Yeah. I knew this was a bad one. That's okay.
Kyle Musca: These are the good ones because then we can go. Yeah. While this loads as well, I'll run you through the, because you'll probably get, I need to speak to my husband objection a lot. So quickly power through that. So one, again, it's always a smokescreen objection. And what I mean by that is it's not a real objection because like, it's like, I need to think about it.
Tash Fenton: You know what I mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What do you actually need to think about? Because we can't solve, we can't objection handle that because it's not a thing. You know what mean? It's not like I need to go check my bank account.
Tash Fenton: Right? Yes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's usually a smokescreen objection for price.
Tash Fenton: And that's usually, they're using their husband as a scapegoat to get out of it. Right?
Kyle Musca: So one is we have to give them an out. Right? So if you start going straight into like, why do you need to talk to your husband? But the program's so good, their guard's going to instantly go up. So it's like, yeah, cool. No stress at all. No stress I fully understand that if I made a decision like this without speaking to my, you know, partner, husband, I'd be in the doghouse, haha, make a joke. I guess, like, just, I guess, just like, how long do you feel like you'd need to sort of, like, have a bit of a chat to the hubby and sort of, you know, be able to get back to me? And then they'll always say, like, okay, cool, she's not going to try and sell me, because you've just said, like, how long do you need? That's all sweet, right? So the guide comes down, they feel a bit more relaxed. Oh, I need maybe a day, I could speak to them this afternoon. Sometimes I like to throw on, like, an extended period of time just to make it sound like, you know, it's a bit of a stupid thing to say anyway. Like, are you sure a day is enough? Like, do you want a week? We could kind of revisit this, like, in a week or maybe next month if it's easier.
Tash Fenton: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then sounds like, oh, like, no, you know, I don't want to push it off that long. A week's fine. A day's fine. Cool, okay. And then now we need to uncover what the objection is. So it's like, cool, okay. And I'm sure, know, speaking of hubby and everything like that, you probably have a few questions. For me, I guess, just so I can prepare, I guess, what was it specifically that you did want to, you know, have a chat to your husband about? And then that'll say, oh, just to see if it fits into our finances.
Tash Fenton: Okay. Yeah, not that I've got a lot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So now we've uncovered the real objection of does it fit within finances? It's a financial objection. Now we need to uncover, is it a logistics-based or is it a fear-based financial objection? So a fear-based financial objection is they basically think that they don't think that the money is worth the program. They don't think the program's going to work. They don't think that you're going to work. They don't think that they're going to work, right? So it's like, okay, logistics is obviously like, do they actually have the funds in their bank account to be able to financially afford it? Yeah. So, cool. So I need to speak to my husband to see if it fits in my finance. Yeah, gotcha. That completely makes sense. And I appreciate you being honest with me. So at the end of the day, different ways you can go about this. Um, one is I would then reframe, which basically reframe back to the value of the program before we get into further rejection handling. So I need to speak to my husband about finances. Okay, cool. And I guess like price aside, is the program something that you actually want to do? So confirm that they're still keen on the program, they actually want to do it. Cool. And I guess, you know, on a scale of one to 10 with 10 is everything I've spoken about today is absolutely perfect. It was exactly what you were looking for. And one being, I'm a complete dickhead and I've completely missed the mark. And it's just not what you were looking for at all. Haha, make a joke about it. I guess, where do you think we're sitting on that scale? They'll say usually like a seven, eight, nine. Cool. I mean, seven's pretty high. I guess, why isn't it lower? So what we're doing by this is now they're going to have to explain to us and therefore themselves all the reasons why they should do the program. Yeah. Oh, I really like the accountability and like, I know. Menopause is just going to get worse and worse as I go through it. And I'm like, I really just don't understand how to navigate it. And you've obviously worked with so many women that have done it, and they've all got such great results, X, Z. So now they've just told themselves how great the program is. You can't tell them how great the program is because you could be lying. If they say it, then it has to be the truth. Okay, well, I guess like, why isn't it long? Okay, sweet. So, I mean, the program sounds like something that you actually do want to do. I guess, what could I add to get it to a tent? Sometimes they'll say, you know, nothing. It's like, okay, sweet. the program, perfect, fantastic. Sometimes they'll say like, oh, maybe it's just the money that's stopping me from getting there. You know what mean? X, Y, Z. Whatever they say doesn't really matter. They're like, cool. Okay. And then, so you've kind of got them to re-evaluate the financial value-driven. So now that, because we want them, we want their attention away from the money, and we want their attention on the value of what they're actually going to get at the end of it.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But you do still need to handle the, I need to speak to my husband objection, because if you don't handle that, then you can solve all the money objections in the world, and then they're just going to come back and say, I need to speak to my husband. So you'd like, first thing is like, okay, cool. And I guess, you know, does your husband actually know that we are having a chat today? Like, have you spoken to him about this? They'll say yes, no. Like, cool. And do they know that you're actually, like, struggling with all the things that they've struggled with? You know, like, obviously, it's whatever they've said. Okay. And I guess, like, how does he actually, like, feel about that? Does he, you know, like, want you to go out there and actually, like, get help so you can solve these issues? And is he supportive of you doing that? Yes. Okay. So, cool. So, it sounds like it's not necessarily more so whether or not you have to speak to your husband, more so whether it just fits in the finances, if I'm kind of reading you correctly. Would that be correct to say? You know I mean? Because then it's always. The hard one, like the spouse one, is probably the hardest objection because they can always come back no matter how hard you push and say, like, I need to speak to my husband.
Tash Fenton: Yeah. And I get it because sometimes I'm like, I would probably actually have to ask Alex. Like, I would probably run it past him out of respect. So I did get it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But then at the same time, like, I'm sure you probably have the free will to say, like, hey, if you went up to Alex and said, like, hey, like, I've just invested in this thing. I had a chat to them. They were absolutely amazing.
Tash Fenton: I'm trusting them. And I mean, look, I really want to solve this issue I'm struggling with. He'd be like, he might be like a little bit , but yeah, I'm sure he'd get over it. Absolutely. Right. He could only say, did you use my card?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then you need to, and then you basically, you need to go through what's known as like objection cycles. So objection cycling is just like, you're getting one, it's just you objection handle, you re-ask, and then you objection, you re-ask. So every time you objection handle, re-ask is one cycle. Now, the first. So starting off is very casual, very, you know, low pressure. You know, it's just like, okay, well, let's just figure out if we can make this work.
Tash Fenton: If not, no harm done, all good.
Kyle Musca: And then like towards the end, you need to start getting more direct and more confrontational. It needs to be like, what do you need to, what decision do you need to make right now? So when you go to bed tonight, you know that you put yourself in the best position to lose this 10 kilos so that you don't struggle through the next 10 years of menopause, you know, confused about what's happening. Your hormones are all out of place. So you're treating your family like , yada, yada, yada.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: So be like, cool, okay, well, you know, finances rather than speaking to hubby. Cool. Again, like, I appreciate you being honest with me because at the end of the day, like, I'd love to just sit down on the same side of the table. And if we can figure out a solution, then fantastic. Like, if not, like, unfortunately, that's just the way life goes sometimes, right? So again, we're giving them another out by saying, like, I'd love to work it out, but if not, you know, that's just how it is, right?
Tash Fenton: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Thank And then, so we're now on the financial objection, and just so I'm on the same page with you, is it more so about, like, you actually do, like, have the physical funds, you know, available to, you know, be able to invest into the program, or is it more so of, like, you're going to have to go, like, potentially ask your husband on, like, where you're going to be able to find the funds?
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So this is a, I like to ask this question to see if it's a logistics or a fear-based objection, because if it's, if they say that they do have the money, then it's a fear-based, because it's like, we have the money, like, and we're good. You've already just said to me that you've got the money. If it's, I don't have the money, I'm to have to find it. It's logistics, and it kind of comes down to, like, figuring out where you can find the money with them.
Tash Fenton: Absolutely. Like, this one, I know I messed up, that's why I wanted to send it to you, because she said she went to France. I'm like, she's obviously got money.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And the way I think about it is, like, if someone came and handed you the keys to... Your Lamborghini, your dream car, whatever you want. It's like, hey, it's $2,000. You would, like,  move mountains and you would go get all the loans in the world and you would ask your parents and all your friends and everything like that for money to do it, right? And you'd think it's so cheap that there must be something wrong with it.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But if someone was like, hey, look, I'm going to help you to, you know, build your dream body for your age and, like, make sure you're feeling happy and healthy and living your best quality of life, your dream life that you want to live, is it worth it? And people, you know, turn around and say $2,000 is not worth that exchange. So it's like, how do we get this mindset to see that, right?
Tash Fenton: Yes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, cool. Is that not making sense so far?
Tash Fenton: Absolutely. So you say, yeah, no worries. How long do you need? You give them longer than the time that they need. Then you circle back around and just say, one to ten, what do you rate this kind of program? Like, does it sound like something that you want to do? Um, and then.
Kyle Musca: Just before that, you have to isolate, you have to ask them what they need to ask their husband about so you can isolate.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, sorry. And then, yeah, just figure out that it is just the money or whatever. Then we're going to go ask them, yeah, the value of it, that's something that they want to do. And then we will circle back to the money again and just keep circling back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then there's heaps and heaps of different objection handles you can use. One I like to think of is like, again, like a good one early on in the objection cycle is like the island analogy. So it's like, so I get you. And, you know, let's say they have the money, you know, because she's been to France. She probably has the money financially. You know, when it comes to these situations, I kind of like to think of it as like, you've been stuck on this island for the last, however long she said. Six months, two years, whatever, right? You've been walking around in circles on this island, you know, concerned, frustrated, you know, feeling like, you know, wanting to get off this island back to the mainland, but you're just not sure how, right? You've just been walking around in circles. Now, basically what this call kind of is like is like I pulled up on a cruise ship and I said, hey, we can jump, you can jump on board and we'll sail back to the Holy Land, like the mainland and you can be free of these problems that have been holding you back. Right? So, and the price of admission for that is just 2K, right? I guess, what decision are you going to make there? Because full well knowing that, you know, by the end of this program, you could be 10 kilos lighter, 20 kilos lighter, feeling confident in yourself, full of energy, mental clarity, helping with menopause, like all the dream outcomes that they want. Yeah. Or you could decide, no, I'm not going to jump on that boat. I'm going to keep walking around. This island in circles, potentially, you know, trying to figure out another way to get off this island, right? And then maybe in six months down the line, you might have another chat with another boat that comes along. And you're like, no, I want to keep walking around in circles. And the island's shrinking and shrinking. It seems like it's shrinking and shrinking. know, things are just getting worse and worse as time goes on. Until inevitably, you're forced to either accept that you'll be stuck on this island for the rest of your life, and this is all your life has to offer anymore. Or you finally make the investment into yourself to get off this island. And one, you know, maybe the price of admission is more expensive than what I'm offering right now. Or at the very least, you've spent six months, another year, another two years, another five years before you finally decide to make that decision. So finances aside, you've wasted a lot of time to something you could have gotten to a lot sooner. Does that make sense?
Tash Fenton: Yes. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: yeah.
Tash Fenton: So. I guess.
Kyle Musca: And then you have to re-ask. You always have to re-ask. So I guess, like, what decision are you going to make, I guess, in this moment? Are you going to decide to, you know, jump on this ship and let's sail to the mainland and catch you moving forward in life? Or would you rather just, like, sit on this island and just keep walking around?
Tash Fenton: Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I get it. That's a good one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But you have to always re-ask because there's no point, like, and this is a very simple but common thing people do, is they'll go through the objection, but then they won't re-ask. If you don't re-ask, they're not just going to magically pull out their wallet and give you money. Like, if you just said, like, you know, get off this island by taking this ship, does that make sense? They'd be like, yeah. I'd be like, cool.
Tash Fenton: See you later. That's what I'd be. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They're not going be like, yeah, cool. We'll, like, send me the payment link.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, literally. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And would you go back to, like, another different objection handling method from there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, if they would say like, oh, yeah, I get what you're saying. But, you know, I still have to talk to my husband. There's so many different ones you can do. Another really good one is like a mindset identity shift. So it's like, yeah, completely ask yourself, completely get that. And like, one thing I'd like to, you do you mind if I put on my coaching hat real quick? Yes, they'll say yes. Cool. One thing I like to ask, you know, myself when I'm in these situations, and I've done thousands of these calls, and I think it's a really good question to ask yourself. It's like, the decision-making process that you've made leading up to this point has gotten you to where you are, where you're unhappy, you you're 10 kilos overweight, you're 15 kilos overweight, you don't feel very good in your own body, and you don't feel very confident, right? Because of the decisions you made up into this process. Now, when you think of yourself, which, you know, clearly doesn't work. When you think of yourself, you know, six months from now, where you are 10 kilos lighter, you're full of energy, you felt better than you do now. 50s than you did back in your 30s, right? You're mentally clear, you're showing up as the best wife, the best mother for your family, whatever their goals were, right? When you think of yourself becoming that woman, right, who has made the decisions, the proper decisions to get to that point, what decision do you feel like she would make in this moment? Do you feel like she would remain comfortable and kind of keep making, and no offense, keep making excuses as to why she can't start, shifting the blame on other people, you know, again, because I've got my husband and I understand how it is, but saying I need to go ask my husband for essentially permission for these types of things so that you don't have to take the accountability and the responsibility and make the change for yourself. Or do you think that she would go for it, she would make the decision to actually commit and see it through, quitting the work, make the investment, which is, by the way, an accountability factor in itself, do all the work required to actually get the result that she's looking for? What decision do think that the woman that you want to become would make in this moment?
Tash Fenton: Yeah, that's a good one.
Kyle Musca: And really what it is, it sounds  up to say, but it's just asking them questions to back them into a wall where the only logical answer is to move forward. Yes. It sounds  up to say, but it is like, at the end of the day, their decision-making process sucks. And you've got to kind of like, you know, again, it's kind of like a little , if you thought about it, like backing a rabbit to a wall. They're to try and like escape this way. then you've got to kind of cut them off by asking a question. And they try to escape this way. You ask another question and then it gets to the point where they're just  like right up against the wall.
Tash Fenton: It's like, oh, I've been caught.
Kyle Musca: I've got to go. Yeah.
Tash Fenton: And she needed it. Like, I don't know, for the load, you can watch it later or whatever. But she's like, I tried to walk upstairs at Eiffel Tower and I couldn't make it. And she was like, and I'm so embarrassed. And you know what I mean? Like, I know I'm selling them something that is good and that they need You know, like genuinely, so I'm not going to feel bad about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, the other thing, we'll get into this now because there's so many different rejections. The other thing there is like, especially when they've said cruise ship, holiday, something like that, but just out of curiosity, like how much did that entire Paris trip cost you? 10 grand or something. Okay. So I guess you were willing to invest 10 grand into a trip that lasts you in two weeks. And I hope you had a great time, by the way. Are you willing to invest 2K into your own health and fitness for the next 10, 20, 30 years, the rest of your life?
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, it's another question you just asked. And it's like, they think about it and they're , true.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That way when you go on holiday in five years' time that you can actually walk up the stairs and enjoy tea, expect it to the fullest. You know what mean? Yeah. All we'll watch this. Yeah. That must be lots. Which, yeah, all that bit harder. And I think you were saying as well, you were like a little bit more sedentary in your work. Is that right? Yeah. So I, you know, sort of like sit at a desk. Yeah, every day for long periods of time too. So, you know, I leave the house at 7 in the morning and tonight, for example, I didn't get home to 6.30. Yeah, yeah, big days. Yeah. So even something like that, just a simple little, okay, so you're working pretty large days, probably a plan that's going to be a little bit more suited and a little bit more flexible for a more sedentary lifestyle is going to be pretty important to you then by the sounds of things. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So train their brain to say yes as well, every time you just give them a say yes. And that's a hard thing, you're probably, I'm quite true again, appearing like you're eating overly a lot more, anything more food, your body just sadly requires a little bit less food, but I guess you can kind of think about bridging that gap between sitting in movement in between so that you can still continue to eat that, but we want something that may be able to work with crazy life, you know. We want to make sure that it is actually achievable, sustainable, enjoyable in the long term, so not only you lose weight, but you also learn how to keep well. With the rest of your life. That is, that's how I work as a coach and that is my aim for. Okay. So in the past, have you followed any diets, been with a coach or anything like that? So way back in 2017, when I was getting married, I joined like one of those sort of like small class gyms that did hit, but also did like a nutrition program and you had to track. And that like in a month there, like I lost seven kilos and 10% body fat. Wow. So like it was really quite effective. And I actually maintained that right through until about 2020 and didn't sort of hold that back on. And then it was sort of like that 2020 period where every, like COVID hit. then that hit at the same time as the changes. And that's when it all sort of went pear-shaped. And like I didn't, you know, I am a bit of a sweet tooth, but I balanced that. It's not, you know, like I have two squares of chocolate. don't need a whole chocolate. But yeah, so that has been effective in the past. But at the moment, the thought of going to a hit class. Thank Thank My fitness is so off, like I couldn't even think about going and doing that and embarrassing myself, you know.
Tash Fenton: You wouldn't embarrass yourself, but it's definitely, this is where it gets.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, again, I would just like, I really want to get to the point of like, okay, yeah, I get you. So, you know, you've done something in the past and you actually saw good results from that. So maybe something that is going to be, I guess, like possibly even educating you a little bit more so you know how to do it for yourself. So that way, like if something like COVID, you know, let's hope not it comes up again, that you know how to manage it, manage and navigate those situations a little bit more. And then, you know, probably just to even get you started, something that is a little bit more, I guess, low key so you can build up that confidence just to get the ball rolling again would be pretty important. Yeah, yeah. So it's just saying back exactly what they say and then it's like move on with the next question.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, absolutely. It's so bad watching yourself back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's good.
Tash Fenton: To, like, see it and then, like. It's good to learn. Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: As we get into that peri stage, Fathos are no longer really pray for you because look at all the stress you have in your day-to-day life already with our hormones. And even with this, like, I like where you're going here. The thing you want to remember is, like, always avoid statements and always ask questions. Yes. So it's like, with this here, because she's just said yes as well. So you could be like, okay, and, like, it's obviously been, like, quite a while since, you know, 2017. I it's been almost 10 years. Do you feel like, you know, those high-intensity classes would still be something that would be suitable for you and your workload and everything like that? You know what mean? So it's like, she'll be like, no. So it's like, that's not an option anymore.
Tash Fenton: We have to look at something different. Yes, yeah. Instead, I've just gone into statements and telling her things and, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because people were just like, you can't tell anyone anything.
Tash Fenton: Like, they would just not believe you.
Kyle Musca: But if they... They say it themselves, and it has to be the truth.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Increasing, what generally increases is like cortisol, naturally, the stress of your everyday life, when we want to go and add on classes, it's honestly like definitely what I was told. But, you know, adding in some kind of resistance training, a lot of practice is so good, not only for building muscle, but bone strength, all the things that we have to like start to think about. Okay, so, you've tracked in the past, I've stumbled out of that, so it's so sweet. Okay, so, maybe just to help me understand, why are you trying to seek help now, rather than just going back to that tracking? So, obviously. And then with that, I would probably try and add like a little bit more of a curious tone, because like, the question why is a very challenging question. So, like you've got, you know, what and everything like that, they're pretty mediocre, but why is it challenging? Because people's guards can go, it's like, why are you doing that? And people automatically get defensive, you know what mean? So it's got to be handled with caution. So I'll be like, I guess maybe to help me, and it's a very curious tone, it's like, maybe to help me understand, I guess, I guess like, well, yeah, well, I guess like, why are you sort of looking and getting an outside hand with this instead of maybe just, you know, trying to figure it out for yourself?
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So it's a very, like, curious tone type thing.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, instead of me just going, why are you, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you say why in like a kind of a, just a normal tone, people's guards can actually go up. Okay. You know, I see all the research around Perian that you've got to have a bit of a different approach. So I thought, well, there's no point applying what I've known previously, but we recently went on a family holiday and we went to Paris. Paris, and there's 670 steps to the Eiffel Tower, and I couldn't go up them. Yeah. And my family went up the stairs and I... Yeah. So that's sort of been a bit of a circuit breaker to stop doing, you know, like sometimes I'm trying to adjust my diet back or, you know, I'm trying to increase this. So even with that, when she says something like that, I would start to act a bit concerned, you know, while she's still talking. I'd be like, oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. You know, like start to act like it is a concerning because she's concerned about it and you might as well, like, you know, you want to add to that. Yeah. Steps and do little things, but I thought that really shook me and something needs to change. Absolutely.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's sometimes those things like, okay, so you kind of went on that family holiday and I guess by the sounds of it, weren't able to kind of enjoy it to the fullest, you know, even just going up to the top of the Eiffel Tower like that, obviously, is a lifelong memory with the family. And I'm sure it really didn't make you feel too good and kind of just, well, as you said, there was that kind of turning point that you decided that something needs to change it by the sounds of a thing. I mean, again, everything is just like repeat back what they said. Like, it sounds, you know, you might get annoyed at that, but like, they'll just be like, okay, she understands.
Tash Fenton: And then it's just straight on to the next. Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Even in the 10 years, you know, I'm like, wow, you used to be able to jump and do these things and you're like, when did that happen?
Tash Fenton: We weren't in 46 or whatever.
Kyle Musca: Really embarrassing. What I would also probably try to add in there as well is like, you know, and like things will, you know, it's time to make a change before things get even like worse with age. Because now you're adding fear into what happens if you don't change. Yes. Which I think will be a very big one with, you know, menopausal women is like drilling in the fact of like, things are only going to get worse if you don't make a change. Absolutely. Okay, so do you think that that would come more down to like your fitness level where it currently is? Yep, that's it.
Tash Fenton: One thing as well is I would like to slow down the tone just because like... I'm going quite fast.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and I can see because you're probably like trying to find the question on the script and everything. Just like act like you're thinking, you know what mean? Really? Yeah. Okay. So do you think there's other... So sometimes like if I get stuck on that, I'll act like I'm writing some down. Like, okay, cool. Okay. And then I'll like look away and I'll think, you know, I'm like, okay. And this is where like hand gestures are good because like this kind of just is automatically thinking. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm more down to like your fitness level where it currently is. Yep, that. I need to build that muscle mass. need to lose the... Are you having a script up on the screen as you talk to her or are you switching between the two?
Tash Fenton: you. Sure. I have it on the screen, so I've got two screens. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, so I would just like, do you find like you're getting kind of stuck with, you know, losing where you're at in the script?
Tash Fenton: Not usually. I feel like maybe with her I was a little bit more. But, yeah, I just have it up and go through it. Usually I don't have that issue, but, yeah, I don't know why this was a particularly bad one.
Kyle Musca: It's good to get that. Wait. I'll speak to Chris. It's just, Yeah. Okay. And let's say you don't change. I do this in the wrong way around to flip it on reverse. Like, if nothing changes, if you don't start. Did you, like, do a lot of, because we're at, like, out of everything you've tried, the fitness classes. Yeah. Maybe help me out, Sam.
Tash Fenton: did that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. you skip this bar?
Tash Fenton: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, this is. Yeah. So I would, especially while getting into it, I would definitely always ask these ones. Yeah. Because it's like, then you're trying to like form a really real-rounded solution to their problem.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. This one, this one, this part is definitely really, really important. Yeah. So it's like, how long has it been since you actively tried to lose weight? She said, you know, it got worse in 2020. How long has it been since 2017, since you tried to lose the weight? Yeah. Okay. So quite a while. What's been holding you back from trying before this? You know, this one's definitely going help with the hubby question. Why now though? Why not just keep pushing this down though? Like most women do who actually end up, you know, losing the weight through menopause.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because it's like, it, now it adds the urgency. Like I went to Paris and like, I couldn't walk up the stairs. And I know that things are only going to get worse. So I need to make a change now. She's just said that. If you ask that. Yeah. Yeah, I did it. Like this. The. This part is a really meaty part of the script. So I'll definitely work your way through this. Just besides the obvious of trying to get healthier and fitter, what are the reasons behind you wanting to lose this weight? Oh, I want to make sure that I'm a good role model for my family. I want to make sure that I can keep up with my kids. I want to make sure that when we go on our next family holiday, I can actually really enjoy it to the fullest and I don't have to feel embarrassed and ashamed. Because those are really strong emotions. And those are the, these are the emotions that make it worth it to, you know, make that 2K investment, that 3K investment.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Bring it back to the current situation. Yeah. So this is a real meaty part of the script. I would definitely like go through this.
Tash Fenton: don't know why I went straight to the like, I don't know why I went to the six months from now kind of bit. But then I did the last bit first.
Kyle Musca: I'll do you go back into this bit later.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, well, I did. What happens if nothing changes? And then six months from now, what?
Kyle Musca: Like, I did it in the wrong order. Yeah. So this stuff is, like, this stuff is really designed to draw this part. So the first part where, you know, you've kind of got the top-level information is kind of just to get into the conversation, just to get them, like, a bit of a feel of what they've done, get them feeling comfortable talking to you and to open up. This is to bring out the emotion. And then, like, this, you know, the future and current, future and, you know, state and cost of inaction is to show them what happens. You know, there's two basic paths you could go down right now, and these are the two paths you could go down based off everything you've told me. But, like, we go, kind of like what we're about to do here is, like, you know, going into even the future state of the cost of inaction. It's, like, we haven't drawn that emotion out of them enough to really be asked these types of questions properly. Like, they're not going to, they haven't thought about it because we haven't asked the questions of, like, how are these emotions going to get worse?
Tash Fenton: How are these things going to get worse? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. today. happen? much. you. So, like, for me to get through, like, this whole part of the script all the way through to the transition stuff and the pitch usually takes me about 20 minutes or so. And then, like, a close, depending on, like, if they have objection handle or something, you know, it can go, a call can go for 40 minutes to an hour. But especially while you're getting the reps and stuff, I would just, like, go through it as meticulous as possible. Yeah, each, just to get really comfortable with it.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But the first sales calls are very, um, anxiety, so then, like, I'm just, yeah, for future stuff, so don't feel bad about this because I was in the exact same spot.
Tash Fenton: It's good learning, good learning experts.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Stuff starts getting worse for you, what could have looked like then for you? And then that's, I'm leaving my kids and I can't enjoy life with them and I can't do things with them. Yeah. So, that would have been amplified so much more if we hadn't drawn that out in the emotional phases. Let's say six months from now, if you're down, how much do you want me to Thank you, Luke. What is your life look like? It looks like someone. And I would slow that right down as well. It was pretty fast. We'll double check it. But then I can't do things with them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's not nice. Okay, cool. Let's say six months from now, you're down, how much do you want me to Thank you, Luke. What does your life look like? And then I wouldn't ask that so, you know, smiley as well. like, sales is, like, majority of the time when you're too friendly. Yeah. Yeah, because if you're too friendly and stuff, like, you don't, you lose the authority. With sales, you kind of think of as, like, majority of the time, besides from maybe the start, we're like, hey, how are you on? Like, how's your day been? Yeah, cool. Majority of the time, you want to kind of think of, like, midnight radio host. You know, it's a calm, it's a deeper voice. You know what mean? It's like, you know, you don't want to, you can smile and stuff.
Tash Fenton: You smiley, overly enthusiastic. You don't want Or anything like that.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, where are we at? You know, okay. And I would make sure, do you have a note that you write, like, notes down? Yeah. Yeah. So with that, I just write, like, keywords and, like, goals and stuff. So I'm like, lose 10 kilos, struggle with confidence, power of stairs, you know, that kind of stuff. Just, you don't even really look back at it, but when you write down, like, it kind of obviously makes you remember it because you kind of wanted to say, like, how much do you want to lose? Do you want to lose, like, 10 kilos? It's like, okay, suppose in, you suppose in three months' time, right, we were able to help you. And this is, like, problems as well. So we're not talking about actual weight goals here. We're able to help you, you know, get back into the swing of training, get you feeling more confident to get back there, moving your body, you know, having that structure around, you know, your work life where, you know, we do build in habits. But it's that even though you're sitting down for long periods of the day, it actually allows you to keep progressing towards those goals and ultimately achieve the goals you're looking for. Just like I have with hundreds of other girls, like women I've worked with in a similar situation to you, I guess, how would your life actually be different than it is right now? And I would throw those pauses in there like that, like, because if you just say it like, just like how we have with other women, how would your life be different than it is right now? It doesn't really come across the same. It's like, how would your life like actually be different than it is right now?
Tash Fenton: You know mean? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And slow pacing is always better because it, authoritative people talk slow, confident people talk slow. But if you're rushing, it makes you sound like unconfident, unsure, right?
Tash Fenton: Yeah. Because I kind of am, to be honest. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Which is fine, like, I'll get better, but I think even for them to go, I've got time for you, we're in, we're chill, you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And sometimes I like to think of it as, like, kind of acting to be honest, like, and the other thing as well is, like, facial expressions will really help you hit these tonalities properly, and even just resonate a lot better. So it's, when you're talking about emotional persuasion, emotional selling, it's 7% what you say, so the actual words we're saying. It's 38% how you say it, so the tonality, right? So low, midnight, radio, curious, that kind of stuff. And it's actually 55% the facial expression and body language you use, right? Yeah. So it's, like, and the tonality and the facial expressions kind of go hand in hand because I can't really say, like, you know, how would your life be different than it is right now, like, while smiling? I can't really get a curious tone across there, but it's, like, how would your life, you know, actually be different than it is?
Tash Fenton: It's right now.
Kyle Musca: It just helps you to like lean into those tones a lot more. So it's like, so if you were to imagine yourself six months from now, you've lost 10 kilos and you know, you're, you're feeling well, one, just confident, not only in your own skin and your own body again, but actually being able to get back in the gym and go through these movements and start working on yourself again, right? Like you were back in 2017 and you know, you're, you're, you're full of energy. You're able to keep up with your kids. You're able to be that, you know, household leader that, you every house needs that mother in the house. And, and, you know, you're, you're, you're being a good role model for your kids as well. Right. Keeping yourself really trying with this. I really like to try and paint a picture. So it's kind of hard because he hasn't told me all the actual problems, but I really like to try and paint a picture. So if I'm talking to a guy, I'm like, you know, you've lost 10 kilos, you know, you've got a six pack, you know, when you take your shirt off at the beach, you're actually, you're not only sort of you know, confident, but you're actually you're I mean to take your shirt off the beach, man. And, you know, when people are looking at you, you notice it's not really kind of the looks you've experienced in the past where you're kind of thinking like, oh, are they judging me? Are they, you know, thinking bad things about me? You they're kind of like giving you the look of, you know, they're almost checking you out. You you start to notice a couple of girls even like looking at smiling, you're feeling good, you're feeling like the  man. You when you picture yourself in that position, you know, so they don't even have to think about it. Like it's just in their head, right?
Tash Fenton: Yeah. Yeah. Got it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. When you picture yourself in that sort of situation, having become the version of yourself that, well, I guess that you want to be, how does that sort of make you feel? And then also with the end of like a lot of these questions, pretty much every one of these questions, especially in like females, especially, the accent just ends on a high note. So how would that make you feel? You know what mean? But that doesn't really, it kind of loses the authoritative tonality of it. But so always trying to like round it down. How would that make you feel?
Tash Fenton: I feel, yeah. Yeah, because we say question mark with a, yeah, I get it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like, yeah, it's a high tone, it's an R. It's like, you've got to round it down to, like, keep it nice and bold and authoritative. Okay, yeah.
Tash Fenton: Does that make sense? Absolutely, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. It looks like someone who can do those things, who is active, who is healthy, and, you you have a better enjoyment of life if you look in the mirror and, you know, hide from the mirror and all of those things. It's that, you know, destroy your self-confidence. And it's unfortunate that it's been our self-confidence is heavily linked to our appearance, but it's a fact, right? We're raised that way. From the day we're born, yeah. It's actually crazy how little we, we're probably, like, it's just deep and great. It's actually, yeah, it's pretty crazy. The other thing with, like, I need to ask my spouse is, like, sorry, just on this because what she brought up. Yeah. You can always say, like, at the end of the day, like, I'm sure, you know, if you did invest in this program and you invested into yourself, you know, maybe I'll be much. Be a little bit pissed off for a day or so. But, like, I'm certainly not going to be complaining in three months' time when you are 10 kilos lighter and you're feeling more confident in yourself, you're feeling more , and, I'm sure he'd be experiencing that as well. So, I mean, yeah, you make a joke about it, you play full-tone and everything, but, like, he's not going to be complaining, trust me.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yeah, yeah, that's good.
Kyle Musca: But, like, he's going to be throwing more money at me and saying, like, get her in there for another seat.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Actually, younger, like, for us, it was very good. Now, but, you know, be as skinny as possible, skinny jeans, like, yeah, you're going I feel like it's starting to speak back now, which is very funny. Yeah, there's, like, skinny talk or something. I'm like, oh, no, not again. Wait, wait, wait, okay. Okay, so based off what you've told me, just to recap, you've lost the weight in the past by trafficking, but I think you kind of need a different approach now that supports your hormones, but also fits into your. Everyday life, that you're busy, you don't have time to do all this tracking, all this stuff, you know, well as possible. And realistically, would you be thinking about training at a gym, like just weight training? So I would avoid going into this now because we've come through the emotional stage and now we're getting back onto like, you know, features of the program.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I was like, yeah.
Tash Fenton: Yes. It was like almost there, almost there with the emotions. And then I'm like, Jim. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's like, you kind of almost like, I don't talk about in the pitch, you kind of do a little bit, but like for leading up to this point, you don't talk about like training and nutrition plans or besides the fact, besides, you know, what I said before, like, you know, maybe more flexible nutrition plan would be helpful. But that's the full extent of what you basically say. Yeah. I'll have to do that. Like I put some dumbbells at home. thought about, you know, getting at least like a barbell and some weights, maybe do some weighted squats and things like that. Yeah. I think at this point we'll have to plan to use a gym in the short term, and there's quite a few, like, you know, one's a two-minute walk from my house, another one's a 10-minute walk, like, I've got some options there. Yeah, I think the gym would be the easiest option, but think that down the track we can absolutely work towards working from home. Gyms and, like, being safe on equipment, they are less scary, you know what I mean? You can walk in and it's less room for error rather than dumbbells and free weights. It's a little bit more technical, absolutely doable, but machines are generally looking a lot more comfortable with the energy of that machine, and they are a little bit safer to sell. Okay, cool. And then do you eat with your family? you do cooking? What kind of goes on? It's a bit of a mixture, so to compound matters, a week and a half ago I started a new role at work, so this role sees me finish quite late, so lately my husband's been cooking, but, you know, we can collaborate on the shopping piece, and realistically like to sort put most of the family on a similar, particularly for dinners, and since we've back from that trip, I've been trying to do a bit of meal practice, incorporate that into my routine. Now, whether I'm preparing the right things or not, but I thought it was more important to start the routine, so I can dig out, you know, a couple of hours. I was on a Saturday or Sunday to dedicate to that. And then we need to find a day of the week where you do that top-up for the back half of the week. So I'm trying to establish that because that would be important. Oh, so it's struggling with the... I know. And if you hit core, and I've got some food problems, so I can't do gluten. And now you can see, like, she's rambling on about, like, a bunch of coaching questions. It's like we've just... Her thought process now shifted away from cost of inaction, the emotional stuff we did bring out of it. Yeah. So I think, like, a lot of them are pretty... I guess, like, if you fix one of them, you'll fix all of them, if that makes sense. So it's like, if you just remember, like, when they say something to you, just kind of, like, almost recite it back to them, and then just move straight on to the next. Again, like, always... Try and avoid giving information as much as you want to and like the coaching you wants to bring it out. Avoid that at like all costs because one, there's so many reasons you can come into Technobabble. So Technobabble is when you use like big, you know, words that they don't understand. And as soon as the brain hears something it doesn't understand, it switches off. Yeah, absolutely. The other thing as well is like when you talk too much, the other person loses interest. Like, and I will just stop listening. and then you'll find that you'll just, you'll see them just like, yep, yep, yep. They're not registering what you're saying. So, and then, yeah. And the way to think of it is like, speak as little as possible. The less you speak, the better. And it's like, it should be 20% of talking, 80% of them talking. And if you can get that, they're going to walk away thinking like, Tash was so good. She listened to everything I said. She fully understood it. She built a game plan 100% around me. And I'm so confident and ready to move forward. It's like, yeah, I just need to talk.
Tash Fenton: You know what mean? Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Thank you. I think if I compare it to the other one that I sold, the 12 months, it's so different, because I did that a lot better, and I just let her talk the whole time, and I barely said anything, and I was like, oh, this is so easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, I don't know, maybe this is obviously moving and, like, my head not being maybe fully, you know, I don't know, but.
Kyle Musca: It's a learning curve, and, you know, again, sometimes, you know, you'll have those. But one thing that I would do as well, I'm not sure if you do do it, but, like, one thing is you really want to listen intently to what they're saying. So, like, when you've got the script, I'll go to an actual part of it. So, yeah, something like this. So, but I would make sure that the question is up on the screen so you don't have to do really much scrolling at all. And, like, if you're following the script, it should be pretty easy. But it's, like, maybe help me understand why my book and getting outside help with this. And then sit there and, like, actually listen. Like, don't start thinking about, you know, scrolling down and reading this question while they're talking. Because if you're doing that, you're not going to.
Tash Fenton: Retain the information. Yes, that's what I feel like I've been doing because I'm, like, worried about not following it properly. So, like, yeah, yeah, yeah, So as long as it's on screen like this, like, because, you know, we don't really even have to scroll.
Kyle Musca: And what I would do is, like, ask the question. So it's, if we got to here, it's, like, cool, okay, let's say we finish it. Okay, and besides, you know, what they said, let's say we sit down, yada, yada, yada. And then I would just, like, while they initially start talking, I would just quickly, okay, gotcha, gotcha. Okay, and then I would start, like, listening actively again when they're actually, like, getting into the juice of what they're saying. Okay, you know, that's my sense, X, Y, Z. Yeah. And I guess, and then, you know, even while, yeah, I guess while I'm scrolling, how long has it been since you, like, last actively tried to lose the weight? Yeah. And I'll talk and, you know, these ones are pretty cool. Why now, though, why not just keep pushing down the road? And then it's, like, you quickly get to the next one so you can actively listen. And then you're not, like, scrambling at the end of it. Try. Trying to also think of what to say, and then, you know, everything comes up.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, that'll help.
Kyle Musca: Does that all make sense? Like, any questions I want to answer?
Tash Fenton: No, no, no, that's heaps to take away from it. Yeah, no, that's been really helpful. I think that's good because I feel like too much and I'll go, oh, what did we say again?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the whole sales process is just like a huge learning curve, so don't like get too disheartened on or anything. A lot of it comes down to just reps and getting on these calls, feeling comfortable, and like, you know, eventually it's going get to the point where it's just like you just show up, sit down, and just like bang them out, and it's a normal thing, everyday thing.
Tash Fenton: You get bored of them. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yeah, I feel like, you know, when you get a no and then it's like that Michael Jordan thing, like I got, I think, worse the more no's I got, and I just need to get a yes, and then I'll just keep going up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and that's the other thing as well, like sales, you can go through slumps and you can, like I like to. Think of sales as, like, you can get a couple of yeses and you'll feel, like, over the moon. You'll be like, this is the best thing ever. And then you'll get a couple of noes and you'll feel  super depressed. So it's like when you're on hires and, know, you're getting yeses, you want to use that momentum to keep carrying over. When you're on the lows and the noes, like, you want to make sure that you're kind of trying to disassociate as much as possible so that, you know, behavior and that kind of thought processes don't come into the future course because that will affect it.
Tash Fenton: If it does. Absolutely. Because I was like, oh, I, obviously I'm like paying the VA, doing this, doing that, paying that for the ads. I was like, and I'm stopping it up. And I was getting nervous about that. I was like, damn it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I was under the belt. And then it's like, one, you get a lot more confident and then you've just got the cash. I would even sit down. I would even sit down. I'm definitely booking a call with Tommy. But I would even sit down with Alex and, you know, even role-playing stuff with him.
Tash Fenton: Yeah. He was helping me yesterday. Because obviously he worked in car sales and then everyone that I've sailed to, they're all like really referrals or like they're so easy compared, you know what I mean? They're like probably already sold before they got on the call. So I'm like, , this is actually like different in a good way, like a little bit harder.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And then the only other thing is, yeah, just with the tone, always calm, always collected. Again, think of it, night radio host, load. So I like to keep my voice a little bit kind of thing, like just to bring across that authoritative and don't be friendly. I mean, people want to like you, don't get me wrong, people buy from people they like. But like if they see you too friendly or, you know, it can also come across as like, I guess in a way, if I get on a call with someone that's super enthusiastic and stuff, I'm like, no. I mean, it's like, yeah, almost like it was a consult at the end of the day. It is a serious thing. So it's like we want to get them feeling serious about it.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, got it. Yeah, she's booked in two more today.
Kyle Musca: So that's good. Okay. So that side of stuff all seemed to come along really well. And then, again, it's just like being a process of like let's just solve this problem onto the next, solve that problem onto the next. That's what it is at the end of the day. Like you have heaps of fires in the business. It's just like what's the biggest one? Let's solve that, move on. And then eventually, you know, if we like this is the last thing, and this is honestly like the biggest learning curve in the whole process. It's like if we can just open this like one gate up, then like, yeah, things come in, we're good.
Tash Fenton: Absolutely. Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Thank you so much. Did you see V's video he got back?
Tash Fenton: No, he said he sent it to you, but he hasn't sent it to me yet.
Kyle Musca: I'll send that through the group chat, but that, yeah, they came up really good.
Tash Fenton: Yay, good. Awesome. Awesome. He's really good.
Kyle Musca: I really liked him. Yeah. Yeah.
Tash Fenton: So he's very organised.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he is so much. Cool. I'll send that through. But if you do have any questions on that, just let me know. And don't feel too discouraged or anything like that.
Tash Fenton: I'm glad to learn because it's like very different style of what I'm used to, which is good. Even the like menopausal thing is still different to me. Like I've trained women in it before, but not like those kind of women, if that makes sense. So it's good.
Kyle Musca: It's different. Yeah. And it's the good thing is like that it is tricky and it is a learning curve is that like if we can get it right, then like not many other coaches can compete with you at all. Because, you know, some of the coaches get on and start trying to sell features and like all that stuff. And it's just not a good fit for a lot of them. So you can really stand out in that regard on its own.
Tash Fenton: Absolutely. Yeah. And if I look at like that space, it's like I do feel like an authoritative female would do well if done properly. Like, compared to sometimes a male, for the females, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Okay, cool. Well, yeah, give me an update with how all that stuff goes, but we'll just keep chipping away at it.
Tash Fenton: Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Thank you.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, I've got Tommy tomorrow, I think, too.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome. All well, if you have any questions, just let me know. Otherwise, I'm to see how it goes. Thank you so much. No worries. See you. Bye. Bye. Bye.


>>> 217/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-16T09:23:12Z | id:94562431
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: Good. Good. How's your day been?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, pretty good, man. This time I've been at work today, so I'm just trained. Yeah. I made  double last week than what I do at a heavy lecky job, so it's becoming like, it's like, can't be  doing this .
Kyle Musca: Good problem to have, I guess.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Well, I guess we'll rip right in, man. How has this week been going overall?
Arran Humphreys: Pretty good week overall, man. Call-wise, early in the week, we got two calls closed, both of them. Then leads-wise, was pretty quiet from Monday to today, and then I've actually got a call after this, and then a call tomorrow. So kind of a bit slower, and then kind of ramped up at the end of the week. So all in all, another pretty good week, man. One, two have closed. two two have closed. Thank On the phone, 12 weeks locked in, $1,200 for the 12 weeks. So all in all, pretty happy with that, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Are they paying in full or recurring?
Arran Humphreys: So paying monthly. So $400 on the spot and then just two more payments a month.
Kyle Musca: So $400. A lot of these guys like doing fly-in-fly at work or?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so one of them is a lad just working tradie in town and then the other lad is doing, yeah, seven and seven in and out. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. Sick. Okay. And you're following the sales script and everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: You feeling good on it? Yeah, yeah. I'm feeling pretty good on it. I have just still been doing it on the phone call. So I'm going to try this week, I'm going to try and get Old Mate tomorrow back on a video. Video call and start doing that as well. Because like we already said, man, I think it's going to be, it's better when they can see you. But as in, now I'm pretty confident with the sales script and , like, because I didn't want to look like I'm kind of, you know, but it definitely, definitely getting a lot better at it, getting a heap more confident, kind of tapping into the emotion a bit more, which has been really good, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so cool, beautiful. Do you have any, you don't have any, obviously, recorded then if it's on phone calls?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, nah, not yet. I hit the voice memo on the one, but I haven't even listened back to it to see how good a quality it is. But if it's a, I'll have a look, read back, then I'll be able to send it to you if it comes out all right. But I got this Fathom all set up in that as well. So ready to go. And I set up Notion and  as well this week. So. So. So. So. So. you. Just kind of setting everything up, which has just made me feel a bit more confident with just tracking everything in that, you know?
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. So you got Notion set up and started to put some stuff in that?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. So I set Notion up and then I just kind of, I've been  around with it. can do heaps of cool , eh? And I just tried to make a bit of like a tracker of the calls that I have. I even got it to do my revenue and all of that  for me. I've typed in all of my current clients and that. And then just been chucking in like when I have calls, when I get leads, just trying to get a bit of a log. So it's easier for us to track, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Yeah. I do have a closing sheet and everything like that. You can record sales outcomes on if you want it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have I sent that through before?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, nah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, you can do it in Notion. I usually track all that stuff through Google Sheets.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, well, if you can just send that through, I can just have a look, what's easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's already, I'll share my screen just to quickly run through, it's pretty self-explanatory. Basically, yeah, you just got the column for obviously the name, the date you had, the call, call outcome. So you've got these options you can just like click. So pretty self-explanatory. Package, you'll probably have to change to your ones. Yeah, and then payment type. So we want to see if it's a paid in full, if it's a deposit and a payment plan, or if it's just 100% payment plan. Yeah. How much cash did you collect on that? How much sort of recurring payments are you getting? So if it's like $400 a month, let's say. Any notes you had to get about the call if you need them. And then source, just you'll do all organics, but lead mags, ads, stuff like that. They're pretty self-explanatory stuff. So just make any time I send you... A template, just make a copy of it, and then you just make it yours.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sweet.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Now, what's your close rate at the moment, like, just off the top of your head?
Arran Humphreys: I'd say, at the moment, it's pretty, like, I probably would say it's  pretty good. I'll probably have it last, out of the last 10 calls, I'd say I'd probably close, like, seven of them, I'd say.
Kyle Musca: Okay, like, you might as well, now that you're getting pretty confident with the sales, you know, process and everything like that, man, I would honestly almost try and rip out a $1,500 program for three months. The other thing as well is try and sell them on the longer periods of time, you know what mean? Because if you get some, you know, people locked in for six months, like, don't obviously have to try and resell them at the end of the three months. So, I guess it does depend. If they've only got a couple of kilos to lose, then it's, like, know, a little bit trickier to do. If they've got, like, 15, 20 kilos to lose, like, I reckon just go for gold and go for six months.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, like, now it's getting to the point where, I mean, you can keep it at $1,200 if you want and just, like, get a few more people through at that pricing packet point. But, like, if you're sitting at, like, a 70% close rate, that's just telling us that we have room to wiggle up. So, you know, you might want to even break. Like, because, realistically, $1,200 to $1,500, like, there's no massive difference there.
Arran Humphreys: Nah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you've gotten into an emotional state. And then just have a reason to, like, it's usually a, like, a pullback, a takeaway offer. So, just have a few things that you'll be like, cool, man, like, what we could do is we could remove this, this, and this, and that would just bring it down to $1,200.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Have you just been doing $1,200 as your only offer?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, so what I've been doing, I do the, like, the shot. So I say like, oh, like my top plan, that's two and a half grand. That's just more for like my bodybuilding clients. Like that's not what we need. And then I say, plan that I think would be best for you, man, is like my kind of middle package. That's $1,200. And then they've all gone for that. But if they were going to say no, then I was going to do $1,000, but then fortnightly check-ins. So that was going to be like my one-up underneath that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I reckon just form it more of a takeaway offer where you're like, cool, man. So, yeah, my top tier package, you know, for more of my bodybuilding clients and everything like that, it's, you $2,500,000, $3,000,000, like you say. might even want to do double just to, you know, double it. But like, we're not going to need that one, man. So we'll just skip out on that one. I reckon what's going to suit you best, man, just with the work you're doing, the lifestyle, sort of where you want to go with everything. I reckon it's going to be my XYZ package. That would bring it right down to to $1,500,000. For the entire 12 weeks, man, no additional fees or charges or anything like that on top. I guess, yeah, does that sound like something you'd want? Out of those options, man, which one sort of stood out to you? So I like to say out of those options, which one stood out to you? Because it's like a one or the other answer. It's not a yes or no answer.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then, you know, if they're like, oh, no, it's pretty expensive or something like that. But yeah, objection handle, don't just take it at surface level, but objection handle. And you have to objection handle before you take stuff away and adjust price. Because if you just change price straight away, then you know, well, why didn't you offer me that to start with? You're like, cool, man. Well, everything I do is custom built, man. So, you know, at end of the day, I'd love to figure something out and make it work. If not, I'm done. Look, man, what we could do is we could move X, Y, Z, and that would bring it from $1,500 right down as $1,200.
Arran Humphreys: That'd make it a bit more reasonable to get started. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know mean? And then it's like, no. That's still too expensive. Gotcha, bro. Objection handle. Look, man, probably shouldn't do this, but I can tell you you're serious about making a change, and it seems like it is just the finances.
Arran Humphreys: So what we could do, man, is we could just do four nightly check-ins, and that would bring you right down for the entire 12 weeks, man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay. I'll definitely give that a go. Because, yeah, like, I'm getting on it. Like, a lot of them are like, oh, that's fine. Not too bad. And I'm like, oh, . Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I mean, it's not really. And that's why we do, like, $1,500 for three months sounds like  all, really.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I had a girl who's been, like, she's got pretty big following and stuff, but, like, she was accidentally selling my high-ticket package of, like, $5,000 for six months. And, yeah, girls are saying yes to So they say yes to it, man. Like, you just have to, you know, be confident enough to say it, really.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want to try and get – the paid in fulls are pretty good too because then you don't have to worry about them missing payments or anything like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but then you don't – then you have to try and resell them, which I don't like. So like, you know, paid in fulls, the cash asset, which is great, and you feel great then. Then you've got 12 weeks of not getting paid from them. Like you've already got paid. And then you have to try and re-sign them where it's like if you just get them on a weekly recurring rate, then you just like shut up and don't say anything, then you should be fine. So what I like to do is just be like, cool. If they pay a large enough deposit, then like you will – they'll stay around. You know what mean? Like they'll stick around for longer periods of time. So it's like if you're doing $1,500, then it's like, cool, man. Like what we could do is we could just do $700 to start with, and then it's just $400 a month from that point onwards. Yeah. I think that's $1,500, whatever it comes out to be. If they've already laid $700, they're unlikely to cancel for $400. A month, you know what mean? They've already, they'd be able to, that's perceived themselves as being a crippling loss.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And then it's like when the three months comes around, you just shut up and don't say anything.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. And two of them were like, oh, after three months, can I keep going, buddy, buddy? And I was like, yeah, man. So, which was a good sign that they're like wanting to stay around, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But, yeah, and it works, when you do that stuff as well, it works better for like longer periods of time. Because like for me, my core offers like $3,500 for six months compared to $2,000 for six months. So, if the $2,000 for six months is like $1,200 and then $400 a month from that point. But the $3,500 is just $1,500 and then $400 a month from that point. Yeah. Yeah, man, it sounds a little bit, like it just sounds better. You know, you could do $1,200 and $400 a Or you could do $1,500 a month and $400 a month from that point. And then it kind of seems like for an extra $300, you get an extra three months. Like you're paying an extra $1,200 on top of it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But that doesn't really register, if that makes sense.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, that makes sense, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, and again, the longer that they stick around for, like, it just means you don't have to resell them. You avoid the headache and hassle of it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man.
Arran Humphreys: That all makes sense? Yeah, that makes sense, bro. Yeah, I get you. Sick, I'll definitely give that a go in these next couple of calls.
Kyle Musca: And then just start, yeah, try and record them if you can get on face-to-face stuff with them. How are you going with the content side of things, man? Like that's, I mean, from what you say, I mean, that's coming along nicely.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, man. So this week was pretty good. Chandruерabe.,ily. Monday. Grace. you. I did a time block. I'll do two hours. It took me four and a half, but I just put my phone on, do not disturb, and just did it all. So like I said, bro, I'm just getting better and better at it. And each time you give me a couple of tips, it's good. It's like, oh, okay, I can do that, that, that. So I'm going to do the same again this week, man, and just kind of try and pump it out. And like you said, try and just pump out a few. So I'll try and get a couple of days, two posts, morning, afternoon, just keep going through there. Because that was good, man. Like it gave me so much free time in the week, you know, once I did it. Because I just felt like I was  every day, like trying to bang up a post and it wasn't really the best quality, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. The other thing, a couple of things I would say on that is one, like, I feel like when you do, you just do them in a batch, you get into the, like, rhythm of filming them. Like, there's plenty of times where I don't feel like filming content in the first video is a bit  rough to make. But then, like, the second and third, I get into, you know, a bit of a, like, mindset of actually doing it, and I, you know, kind of start to enjoy it. It's one of those things you can kind of start to, I guess, like, put off the thread, but then, like, once you're into it, you're like, oh, yeah, this is actually pretty right. The other thing with them as well is I like to get nice and highly caffeinated. Yeah, I mean, like, you don't want to get on there and, like, be boring and  like that. So it's, like, nice and highly caffeinated and have fun with it, you know what mean? Like, don't be too stiff with it as well. Like, I was helping a girl the other day with them, and, like, she speaks great on coaching calls. She's very, like, great on sales calls and everything like that. But I feel like you get a bit stiff on content. Facial expression is so important and everything like that. So, like, get into, like, a bit of a, I guess, like, a, well, yeah, a rhythm or something like that. You know what I mean? Like,  lean.
Arran Humphreys: I get. Yeah, get where you're coming at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Secret. Um, have your, has your feed started showing you more videos and stuff?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, this week's been a lot better. I've just been like, just saving, saving, liking, like sending it to me misses and that as well to like try and get it. And it's getting quite a few, I've got a few saved now that I'm like, okay, I'll be able to use that, you know, which is helping.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Beautiful. Um, cool. Right. Any questions on any of that stuff at all?
Arran Humphreys: Anything I can help out there? Not really, man. Just as I, um, keep doing it, I'll just say, how is this, Give the, that, just give me a bit of feedback like you did, man.
Kyle Musca: That was handy. Yeah, beautiful. Um, the other thing we should probably look at doing now then is just, um, trying to focus a little bit on like just organic starting conversations. So I've already sent you through this form, this shade. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Did you get a chance to, like, look through this one?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, like, this is really what's going to help you to scrape through some, like, extra leads. And just, realistically, with the organic side of things, it's more so like... Like, we do want, you know, clear CTAs, which is what this first one is, and that will bring in good quality leads. But we want to really just try and, like, I guess, start conversations and, like, scrape leads, essentially, right? But we don't want to do that in a way where it's, like, you know,  clinging, like, messaging people and, you know, being annoying. You just kind of want to make it really, really easy for them to be able to start a conversation with you. And especially with where you're at and everything like that, because it's super easy to manage your own account, it's not always about selling. Like, sometimes you'll have conversations with these people and, you know, you'll try and prop them, give them a little bit of help, give them a little bit of information. And the sale might not necessarily come there. might not necessarily be like, yeah, let's book in a call and stuff. But it does form the relationship and the communication with them. And then they feel like, and then they start, it plants the seed of the idea of, you know, getting a coach. And they start to think about it more and more and more. As time goes on, and then it's like when they eventually maybe just wake up and they just decide to pull the trigger, it's like, who do I think of? Well, I've been speaking to Aaron, like, he's obviously the guy I'm going to go to.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So direct CTAs, Ben, like these are, now I would do these once or twice a week. And you can see one hard, one soft. So what I like to classify that as, is like, one hard CTA is kind of like, what my graphic designer, where is it? Has that one for me here? Five versus slow. Something like that. I'm looking for 12 men who have been putting in the effort, can't see the results. So it's just a hard CTA. I'll say, I guess, this isn't the best example. That was just one I was split testing, but like, here we go. Okay. ' are we? These are all good, but like I'm trying to, something like this, I guess. I'm looking for 12 men who, between the ages of 25 to 35, want to lose at least 10 kilos or more, need professional hub to make, get the best results possible. If you're done trying to figure out your loan and want real results that actually last, this is the end of the word lean, and I'll run you through exactly what's involved. So it's just hard CTA, like they know exactly what they're messaging for, right? Yeah. More of a coaching over. Now, as a soft CTA, it kind of be, it's not very necessarily soft, this one, and there's different ways you can go about it. But be kind of like what I put on my story today, and I like to use these as transformations. But, you know, what 11 weeks and locking can do to a man? It was five kilos. Have you been a whole lot later? Yeah. If you want to be next, do you know the word transform? Okay. So it's still like a really hard one, but it's just like I'm not saying, you I'm using the transformation to leverage it a bit more.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
Arran Humphreys: Does that make sense? Yeah, bro. Yeah, that makes sense. So you don't have to put too many on there to seem like too pushy?
Kyle Musca: I would just do like twice a week. You know, I do like one on probably Sunday, Monday, because that's when people are, you know, in that motivated mindset. And then one on like Thursday, Friday, just to split it up so it's like nice and balanced through the week on your stories. Just be consistent. Like even that's something that I have set up in Notion. Every single week on Monday, I have a reminder to say like put up an organic CTA.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then every Thursday, I have one saying put up a transformation, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Other ones are like, and this is kind of like the sticker tap later, but like, even something like this, like I didn't intend for it to be like this, but it does still work. Even something like this, you know what mean? I've been fasting straight into this bad way every day for the better part of eight years. I've struggled, never struggled, staying under 15% body fat. Fasting is imagined, just helps me not over-consume calories. And then what I would do, I wish you could pause these  things. If you want a free nutrition audit, you could either say, you could either say DME nutrition, or, which is still a CTA, it's more, CTAs are more like you DM me. Yeah, yeah, you clear call to action, what is the next step? Pretty similar to that, there is a sticker tap one in here somewhere, story polls and Q&As, think it's that one. Educational carousers. carousers. Yeah. So kind of, so it's in the pool of story polls and Q&As. But if you want to add even less friction to that, you would say tap this sticker. Only doing a free nutrition order for the first three people to tap this sticker. So you add in a bit of urgency.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then they'll tap it and then you would just send them a message. Like, bro, so you tap the sticker. How's things going? And you just start the conversation. Like, are you doing with your nutrition? Cool, bro. If you really wanted to, you might even want to try and get them on like a 10, 15 minute call just to run through it. And then with these, you kind of want to say the what, but not the how. You want to create a problem, if that makes sense. I mean, like I'm going to work and everything like that. I'm a tradie,  X, Y, Z. I find it really hard to eat around, you know, while I'm on the road and everything. Like, yeah, it completely makes sense, man. Like what you want to do is like make sure that you're meal prepping. Like I like to do is sit down. Every single Sunday, just spend an hour or two making sure I've got all my lunches. Realistically, want foods that you don't really need a microwave or anything for, so like sandwiches, wraps, all that stuff are fantastic.
Arran Humphreys: X, Z, it's the what, but you're not saying the how. You're not saying like  get 130 grams of chicken breast and, you know, X, Y, Z. Yeah, yeah, okay. So yeah, how pretty am I, but you're not actually like  fully giving them everything.
Kyle Musca: You're giving them the information, but you're not giving them the... And you can't really give them the...
Arran Humphreys: Like, unless you're going to sit there and ...
Kyle Musca: Nah. Like, you know what You're giving them the information on how to do it, but... And this is the thing that a lot of people get confused on. They think that the information is the part of value. I could go to ChatGPT right now and say, I'm a tradie and I work  on the road. Like, how do I fit nutrition? And it will give me better information than 99% of coaches. That's not what people pay for.
Arran Humphreys: People pay for the actual structure of like you building the meal plan for them. Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: Limpact aka. Yeah. And the accountability comes with it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, the accountability, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then so you'd say like the what, and then you'd kind of be like, well, bro, like have you ever thought about getting a coach just to help  take this hassle off your shoulders and you can just sort of, you know, focus on getting results? Or, you know, I've thought about it, that's why I said, and then I'm like, cool, man, well, you know, I couldn't do it right now, but like if you're keen, all we can do is we could lock in a time like maybe tomorrow or something like that. We could just run through what's involved just to see if it's for you.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And this is the rule of reciprocity. humans, pretty much every human culture, but especially Westernized culture, we've been like brought up that if someone gives us something of value, then we inherently feel like we need to return something of value back. So if you've helped someone out seemingly just out of your own goodwill, and then you plant the seed of like, oh, have you ever thought about getting a coach? And they've kind of thought about it before, but they've never really taken action, but you've just helped them out. So now it's like a win-win for them. have going Then they're more likely to go forward with it, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I get you.
Kyle Musca: So is that. Then there's story polls and Q&As. So like one thing is like you could put up in your story. And again, these are all kind of similar in the way they go about because the idea here is we just want to start conversations. So story polls and Q&As. Polls are easier. And you've got to think about friction. And friction, how much effort does someone need to do to interact with this? Polls is just a click. Story, Q&As, they have to write a message. have to think about a message and write a message. So either option, though, they're fine. But it could be something at like, I'm just going to keep using this story as  example. Say that like, you know, what's, I wouldn't use this specifically, but like what do you struggle with most when it comes to nutrition? And then people will put in in like  X, Y, Z. I struggle with finding meals that I'm going to answer a few nutrition questions. What do you struggle with most when it comes to nutrition? I struggle with  finding meals to eat while I'm on the road at work. And then what you can do for these is one, you could either reply on your story. And I would do, if you're doing this, would do both. So you reply on your story of like, you know, an image with you writing text on how to do it, or even like a video. You know, a video story, if you're saying like explaining how to do it. But then when someone, I'm not sure if you've done a question thing before, I'm sure you probably have. But you can see who sent the, typed in the message and you can message them straight from there.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's how you start the conversation there.
Arran Humphreys: And yeah, okay. Yeah. Because obviously they want to learn something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, like they've got some sort of a problem. And again, you don't have to necessarily try and sell If the most that happens is you message them and you give them a little bit of advice and you just give them a little bit of hand and you help them see that, you know, build a little bit of a relationship with you, then they're like, this guy's a  G. You know what mean? And then you never know as well. They could be talking to someone and someone's like, oh, I want to lose weight. I'm thinking about getting a coach. Oh, you should hit up this dude I follow.
Arran Humphreys: Like he's a  sitcom. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what mean? So it's like, again, like these aren't like necessarily strategies they're going to  bring in. Like hundreds and hundreds of clients. But like, you know, if you just get five, 10, whatever the case may be out of it, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Like they were  laughing. Extra that you wouldn't have got. Yeah. nice.
Kyle Musca: The other good thing is it makes it like when you're doing this stuff as well, it makes you very top of mind aware of like what people are actually struggling with. You know what mean? Because you're hearing it. Yeah. And that's why sales calls are good as well. But then same thing with the polls, you know, when it comes to, losing weight, what do you struggle with most? Training, cardio, nutrition,  energy off the top of my head. Yeah, man. And that's a very  one. I'll put a little bit more detail into it than that. Or even like, do you want a free nutrition audit? Hit yes, and I'll message the first three people.
Arran Humphreys: You can do two of the same answers.
Kyle Musca: So yes, yes, of course.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, yes, . Something like that. Yeah. What do you struggle with when it comes to most when it comes to nutrition? Finding food, fitting diet around work, finding foods to stick to, finding foods I enjoy, you know, something like that. And then you message off the back end and be like, oh, hey, bro, I saw you, you're struggling finding foods to fit around work. I thought, you know, I'd shoot your messages to see if I can lend a bit of a hand. What do you do for work? You mean? Instantly straight in the conversation.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And then you can do this, like, pretty often, to be honest. The more, I wouldn't say the more the merrier, but, like, I would definitely do them a couple of times a week. The other thing you need to remember as well with these is, like, don't feel like you have to only ever do ones where you, like, message off the back end. Sometimes you might just do a Q&A just so people can learn a little bit more about you and even just get them feeling more confident and comfortable with interacting with these Q&As.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Because, like, man, that's, like, most of the people that I get, they've been following me for ages, you know, so it takes a long time to get that trust. So if they're seeing me answer it on the story, that's going to help. Because I haven't done any actually answering back on my story, so that's a new thing that I can start trying out, which will be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And what I would do is, like, even in, now you've got Notion. Man, like, I would set up a thing, like, as you can see here, I've got, like, tasks and reminders and everything like that. And at the top, I've got, like, weekly tasks, daily reminders, you know, all that stuff. So, like, yeah, like, send check-ins out. I've got something. I've got, yeah, make CTA on organic story, make social proof on, you know, XYZ. So, like, you might even say, like, you know, on Monday, it's make hard CTA. On Tuesday, it's do coaching questionnaire. On Wednesday, it's do, I don't know, whatever. On Thursday, it's transformation.
Arran Humphreys: On Friday, it's  poll.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Every single day there, basically. And it's all different. So, no one's really picking up. It's not like you're spamming the same thing over and over again, which people will pick up on. But every single day, there is a option for people to interact with you and start a conversation.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah, man.
Kyle Musca: That'll be good because that's something I haven't been doing. Yeah, and the more they interact with your story, the more your story is going to appear at the top of their stories.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, true.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because Instagram will prioritize who you interact with most.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, right. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. I've got to show my screen. I don't want to stop showing them. Cool. So they're really good if I use correctly. Instagram Lives, like, you can definitely do these if you want. You're probably not going to get, like, I could do a live, and I still wouldn't get good numbers attending mine, I don't reckon. They're pretty small, but, like, you might just want to do, again, like, even, you know, in conjunction with this, maybe on Wednesday, you do a live every single Wednesday, where literally all you do is you just answer people's questions that show up.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And just doing a Q&A to help people out, come with whatever questions you have, and I'll lend you hand.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. This would work well, like, if you're sitting at airports or something like that every  week. At the same time, you've got some time to get your mother's total life. Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, by the way. And if a couple people show up, you know. A couple, like, one or two leads, fine. That's a good thought, man.
Kyle Musca: That's good, you know. Realistically, if only one person shows up, you could just turn it into one of those nutrition audits. Cool, bro. Like, how's it going? Like, have you ever thought about getting a coach? You what mean? Like.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, on those, I would always talk about the what and not the how. Because, again, you can't really explain the how that well. But I would always plant the seeds of, like, yeah, you know what mean? And, like, finding foods to eat around work is, like, you know, trick. just heard of A lot of tradies struggled with that. know I've been, I'm currently doing the fly-on-fly, drive-on-drive-out stuff. It's tricky. This is how you solve it. And honestly, one of the best things that I ever did was get a coach. You know what mean? Because it made it so much more clear, made it so much more structured. And like, honestly, like, it sounds all well and good, like, to do it yourself. But now after working 12-hour days and , like, you just can't be . And yeah, and then be honest, like, yeah, I always like to come from the angle of like, I don't, it's not like I'm trying to  gatekeep anything. Like, realistically, it's not, you know,  rocket science to put together a meal plan. But one, just taking the effort away from you and just, like, allowing an actual professional just to do it so you do it properly. And then also just having the accountability so you, you know, someone's actually there watching and make sure you stick with it was the biggest thing. It completely changed everything for me. So you just plant the seed that of why getting a coach is great without saying you should get a coach. Well, you're saying you should get a coach. It's like, you know, this is where a coach comes in. In Clutch, because it helps you to do X, Y, Z without worrying about this.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So again, they're good. These are probably something you have to do. All these things, though, in fairness, you have to be consistent with them for them to be working. Like, you can't just put up one-story poll and expect to get  five clients around. All right? I wish that was the case. You know, client testimonials and transformations, that's kind of like the softer CTAs on, on, on, on, on Thursday. And again, it's also great for the social proof, just getting as much social proof out there as possible.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you have any, like, lead magnets or freebies, like e-books and ?
Arran Humphreys: Nah. Nah, I don't. Which is what I was going to kind of ask you about, like, yeah, like, lead magnets, funnel type of things, like, just, yeah, what your kind of thoughts are, what you reckon. Because I don't know. Anything like that set up yet?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, it's not really the end of the world. Again, I would only use it so you could plug it in with this type of stuff. I would only have it so you can use it for urgency, so you're not giving it away too often, to be honest. Yeah. You know, valued at like maybe $99 or something like that. You wouldn't really have it listed anywhere that people can buy it, but you'd just say that. And then you'd like, you know, for the first three people that hit this sticker, I'll send you through my free e-book.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? It doesn't have to be any crazy. If you want to, I was actually talking to another guy about this today. What you could do. I haven't done this yet, but it should theoretically work. It's coming to you here, and what I did was basically wrote, and this was with him just there and then. So, I just kind of powered through it, but like, wrote this prompt in ChatGPT, but this prompt is to explain exactly what I want, so it can write me a larger prompt. So I want to write an e-book that I can use for a lead name for Men's Health and Fitness Coaching. I want it to be about weight loss and bodybuilding specifically. So you might want to say, I want it to be about weight loss while working, you know, a manual labor job, specifically fly in, fly out,  yada, yada, yada, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I want you to write me a master prompt that everything I should include, so you can use it in deep research.
Arran Humphreys: Have you ever used ChatGPT's deep research? Nah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so this thing will  fully write everything for you, if you, and it will do like, and it will, so basically what deep research is, is it will go like, scour the internet for all the different sources it can find, to put together this massive research article for you.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like, and it will spit out like a full 60-page document and everything like that for you. So, yeah, it doesn't. It just needs to, if you're going to do it, though, I would make sure that you're really giving it a clear prompt so it knows what to do. Yeah. Key things to include are that, you know, I want to do the research to create formatting for e-books so I can send it through straight to my graphic designer and create. Deep research should be formatted exactly how it's in the graphic designer. I want you to focus on, you know, research around science-based approach and specifically using coaches such as John Stewart, Joe Bannon, Hany Brown-Bolt, et cetera. And other world-renowned bodybuilding coaches. I want to include things like diet, training, supplementation, and have in-depth information on these subjects, but written at a third to fifth grade level so normal people can understand. Write me a master prompt, use this. And then it spat me out, this prompt. So this is just what I would copy. All this. I've kind of geared my chat GPT to be a little bit more in-depth than most people's, but I would copy that. And then I'd come down here and I'd press D. Research, I would put that in there, and then it would just go and it would start deep research. would take about 20 minutes, 20, 30 minutes, and then it would write you something like, I call them mega guides. So for this, I got trained setting bots and everything like that to do DM setting for when we run ads and everything. So basically what I did was, like I said, you're a DM setter with women's health and fitness, age 30, whatever the , and I want you to mimic this tone. So I had a larger prompt that I sent to it, and then, you know, it's spamming out a 43-page document of everything to do with DM setting and tonality and how to respond and everything.
Arran Humphreys: It's nuts.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So theoretically, write you the entire e-book. And then if you want a graphic design, I've got a graphic design that doesn't. For like two USD per page or something like that. It doesn't need to be anything crazy. And I wouldn't make it anything like too crazy, to be honest. I'd probably say like make it like 20 pages maximum.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, because someone's not going to read through a 40-page document. So, yeah, if you want to lead magnet, that's probably the simplest and easiest way to go about it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, man. Nice tweet.
Kyle Musca: And then you could do one for training. You could do one for nutrition. And you could do one for how to manage training, nutrition around working, a trade job, and all that .
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. No, that'd be good. I'll definitely give that a crack this week. Give it a bit of a deep dive into it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's super easy to do. Educational carousers. So, this is what we spoke about last time, mate. You said, you know, doing the carousel posts and everything like that works really well for you. It's basically just this. Yeah. And you can do these on stories or preferably you can do them as like actual posts.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And so you've already been doing them. They're working, which is great. So just keep doubling down on those. With them, you can do like one to three. Like if you're doing stories, you can do, it doesn't all have to be on the same story, but I wouldn't do it any longer than like three stories. Like, so if you're saying like, this is what I did a day, you know, I helped, this is what I did to manage this while I was at work, XYZ, whatever you want to put in it. And then on the third one, if you want a free nutrition order, click this sticker and I'll  send it through. And anything longer than that, I don't know about you, but like when some  women have like 30  stories, you know, leading up to a CTA, I'm like trying to spam click.
Arran Humphreys: Just to get over it, I'm like, oh, get the  out of here, like. And so, like, it doesn't have to be doing anything crazy. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, I don't know if he's got one up here. He posts them quite a lot, though. And then, yeah, so basically like this. Listen, literally exactly like this. This is going to be a hard CTA. I'm hosting one, two, three. DM me wealth.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. You know mean? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So you could do something like, you know, theoretically. Listen very carefully. The next three people only, for the first three people only, I'm going to be doing something insane. I'm going to be giving away something. Something to help you get better results, whatever you word it. I'll be doing a free coaching call where I break down everything you're doing with your training, your nutrition, whatever the  you say. And then Dream the Outcome to show you how to make your money work while you sleep. To show you how to get the best results possible without wasting your time and effort, whatever. The craziest part is I'm doing it 100% free. Dream the Word, you audit, and I'll click this sticker, and I'll send you the first whatever. You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Whatever, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay, sweet. I'd definitely give that a go this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So honestly, if I was you, man, I would go into Notion, and kind of like what I've done here, now, I would break down every single, like I would do like a weekly social, weekly organic social. Social proof thing. Not social proof. Weekly organic post. Lead generation. Weekly organic lead generation. That's what I was looking for. Monday, let's say it's a hard CTA. Tuesday is a questionnaire, like a question box thing. Wednesday is a live Q&A. Thursday is a transformation CTA. Friday is a sticker pole tap or something like that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And every single, like, week, just reset it. So that's all I do is like, you know, this will, next Monday, that will trigger. And then I'll just, when it triggers, I'll just reset to the week after that.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sweet. No, I like that idea because when I, like this week, when I had everything planned out, it just  frees up a lot of time, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And like, I've been doing this for  ages, man. I would still forget to post CTAs and  on Monday if I didn't have these things.
Arran Humphreys: Reminding me. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and then if you had that, it's like super, super simple because it's not that hard to put up a story if can say.
Arran Humphreys: Nah, it only takes a second to bang it up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's so easy, but it's also like so easy to forget to do.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: And just keep in mind, the goal there is to start conversations. And it's not, yes, try and sell them and propose the idea of being a thought about getting a coach, you know, yada, yada, yada. But it's not really a hard sell. You want to form a strong relationship with these people. And as time, ideally, like as you said before, I've had people that were following me for ages before they reached out. The idea of this is just to close that gap as much as possible. You know, you get them happy to, you know, feeling confident, conversate with you. You've helped them out. They've thought about getting a coach. So when you put a CTA up, for example, they jump on it. The other thing you've got to remember, and what's happening here in your case, is only 3% of your market, of your audience, is going to be. And buying mindset, where they're like, see your CTA, they're like, yes, I want to coach right now. 17% of them will be in the information gathering phase. You know, they're figuring out what problem they have, how do they solve it, can they do it themselves, who can help solve this for me, right? So they're gathering information. If you can provide them that information, one, you have become their source of information, so they trust you and they build that relationship with you. But you can also close that gap down because it's like, if it took them three months to figure out, oh, I'm struggling with this and these people help with that. And, you know, I need a coach to do it as well. You can just close that right down into, you know, maybe a week or two, realistically, because you've just closed that gap for them.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, okay. That makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Any questions on any of stuff?
Arran Humphreys: No, man. No, that was really insightful. So that was good. It's just something else I can improve on, you know, which is cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No. No. No. 100%, man. Yeah, sick, bro. Cool, man. Well, we're just stacking things on week by week at this point in time, which is good. I reckon, yeah, keep going with the organic side of things, like in terms of the content. Keep pumping them out. And then I would also try and look at trying to get a few 1,500 across the lines, or even better, trying to get a few six-month programs across the line. And then, and then, like, look at having a takeaway. Look at what you can take away as well, because you don't want to get to the spot and be like, oh, , like, I don't want to take away right now. So, you know, even if you can just, like, say, I could remove my  training guide in this e-book and that e-book, which you don't even have, but, you know what mean? Like, and we can make it work in that regard. Whatever. And then, yeah, just up on Notion, get a form of daily reminders for those tasks. Notion.
Arran Humphreys: you. It'll be golden. Yeah, sweet, man. No, that's solid. I think that'll keep me busy this week, so it'll be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man. Anything else you want to kind of run over or anything like that?
Arran Humphreys: No, not necessarily, man. Like I said, that's kind of pretty good, man. Just got something for me to keep working on. Like I felt like this week when I planned all my posts, I was like, oh, , what can I be doing more? But that's what I can kind of plan all that now and gives me something else to kind of get structured. Because I just get to points I'm like always wanting to see, oh, how can I be growing quicker and whatnot? So, no, that's handy, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, it's kind of like meal prep as well. Like if you do it last minute, you're going to feel like you're also always cooking, you're always shopping, you're always doing X, Y, Z. If you just  like sit down and get it done, you know, in a time-block period, it's like you don't have to worry about it. And it's easier to do as well because then you don't have to . worry about that. So, yeah, if you can do that, man, like, you should be sorted.
Arran Humphreys: Sweet, bro. Cool, man. Awesome, man.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Enjoy the rest of your week, man. Good luck with your future, like, your calls over the next couple of days. And if you do get them on a higher or longer package, just let me know, man. Or if you make us a little.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, a little, man. Awesome.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. All right, bro, I'll chat to you soon and enjoy the rest of your night. You too, bro. Talk soon. Yeah, right, bye. See you.


>>> 218/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-17T04:58:36Z | id:94863543
People: Kyle Musca

Torin McGlynn: Record this. This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: There you go. Sorry, what was that?
Torin McGlynn: I said, are doing, bro?
Kyle Musca: Good. How are you?
Torin McGlynn: I'm doing well, man. That was a no. Well, it wasn't actually a no. It was a, I'll speak to the husband. And then she said it with, oh, I watched your video, your pre-call video, and I still need to talk about this to my husband because it's more than I thought. Then she was like, oh, we made a decision where it's like, we will never, if we get on a call with someone that's like in a sales situation, we'll never be closed on that call. She knew what she was talking about in terms of sales. But I will honestly, you know. Let's go. Get back to you. It's probably going to block me now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, surely. A good one with that as well is just to try and gauge the seriousness. Be like, yeah, no, that's completely fair. Like, I've only got two spots left for this package. You know, and it seems like you're, you know, pretty responsible with your finances with the husband, which I completely understand and respect. Look, just to show that you are serious and that, you know, I can sort of secure your spot. And even just to go say, you know, when you do have a chat to your husband that you are more serious about this than not. Would you want to lay a $200 deposit down? look, if he comes back and he says like, no, I don't want you to lose that 10 kilos. I don't want you to feel more confident in your body. All that's whatever she said. I'll just refund you the deposit. Like, it's not a lock-in deposit, but it just shows that you're actually serious about moving forward with this.
Torin McGlynn: That sounds very good. Okay, I'll definitely do that next time. I did the whole, like, bring her away from the price thing. Like, is this something scale 1 to 10, all that kind of stuff. And she was like, 10 out of 10, that's definitely something I want to do. And this is just a rule I have with my husband and stuff. And I even said to her, like, could you do a $250 deposit if it meant that, you know, it's not a lot of money, but then I can secure a slot. But I didn't say, like, the way that you did. I feel like that could have worked. I'll keep note of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you just want to gauge their seriousness. I mean, if they're not willing to lay a refundable deposit, it's like, well, it's something sauce here.
Torin McGlynn: Do you get a lot of those and you need to refund it?
Kyle Musca: Probably not. I mean, they're not, I mean, depends how many of them you do. The more you do, the more you'll have to refund. You'll get people that are like, oh, you keep the money, like, for spending time. $250, probably want a bit of a refund. It would just come down person to person, really.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. And it doesn't, like, affect your, because I heard, like, Stripe, if you could refund a lot, is it not good for your Stripe account or something?
Kyle Musca: I don't think refunds necessarily matter as much. Like, obviously, if you're doing a ton, then, you know, that'd probably be a bit A different story. It's more so disputes, but then, like, because we've got so many, like, reoccurring payments, they all count as payments, right? So, you know, if you get one person disputing, it's, like, 0.01% of, like,  all that's very true. Yeah. And I think they get pissed off at, like, 1% or 2%. So it's still, like, you've got quite a large margin of error.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Good stuff.
Kyle Musca: Good stuff.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. How has this week been going overall, man?
Torin McGlynn: Fantastic. Fantastic. I've had, so this week alone is, like, I closed the one this morning. So easy, man. It was so good. He was so, he was so warm. He's already been, like, following the content and stuff. So I gave him the old 3,000 for three months, and then I didn't mention the currency, and then he was from the US, so then it was 3,000 USD for three months, which is fantastic. So that's a nice little 5K in the stripe this week. And then, obviously, Obviously, last week was, like, probably one of my best weeks ever in business, I'd say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. Okay, perfect. Well, I didn't realize, for some reason, you're not getting the check-in form.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, maybe that's just a fault of mine. Like, I got it the first time, but you sent it to me on WhatsApp. What did you mean by, do I have you as a contact? I definitely have you as contact on Instagram, I mean, on WhatsApp.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Just because if you're, if I'm not a contact, and you're a part of the broadcast list that I sent it on, then it won't, like, come through on your end. I'll just, I'll send it through next week, though. If you don't get it on Thursday, just let me know.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, yeah, I was, I didn't even think about it, man, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: There's so much going on right now. No, you're good. It just helps us, like, get a good baseline. But we'll run through it. I guess, how many calls did you take, like, this week?
Torin McGlynn: This week's been low. For some reason, I had, like, four calls on Sunday, though, if you want to count that as this week, because last time we spoke, that was obviously... Thank I told you the amount of calls. So if we can like, so I had four on Sunday and then this week so far I've had four more and then I've got one tomorrow and two more on Sunday. And I've got another one straight after this call as well. So around 10 again, because I think last week was around 10 as well.
Kyle Musca: I mean, 10 for the amount you've spent in a week is not that, like you spent 600 bucks, 660 bucks. So what was your cash collected on that?
Torin McGlynn: On 600?
Kyle Musca: On all the calls this week, like how many, how much cash have you actually collected?
Torin McGlynn: Uh, including the Sunday ones?
Kyle Musca: Yep, yep.
Torin McGlynn: 20k.
Kyle Musca: Collected.
Torin McGlynn: Collected 20k. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So when are you doing a...
Torin McGlynn: I collected 1,500 on Sunday. Or like 1,250...,250... And then I made another sale that was $1,200. I mean, $2,000. And then today it was a $5,000 sale. So that's just under $3,000. So about $18.5.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, if we went up $20,000 and you spent $600, you've just got a 30 times return on investment.
Torin McGlynn: So, Instagram. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, man. So that's obviously working really, really well there. Good quality leads, but the looks of things.
Torin McGlynn: American leads from Clamé, they're not from the ads. The two U.S. ones that I closed, I actually had three ones this week that were U.S. and they're only from lead magnets. And they weren't from ads at all because we're not the U.S.
Kyle Musca: Did you get many through the lead magnet strategy?
Torin McGlynn: Yes. It's way better because then they're like, I'm going to do it on every video and then I can see if they're. So it's way better than what I was doing before, where you're just getting all these time wasters, and then Clemé doesn't need to waste your time on ones that are saying no, like straight up no.
Kyle Musca: Well, how many, so I've got the video ads up, they've just got to like map out and figure out who they should be talking, so that'll take a couple of days for them to exit the learning phase. Yeah. When we come into... Have you filmed the other ads, by the way?
Torin McGlynn: Yes. I filmed one of them, and then I'm just trying to find a location for the next one. One of them's done, though, so we'll have that done. I'm just organizing it for Ron, because I've tried some of the bits in like different ways. So that'll be ready for like a couple of days, like maybe even tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, cool. So, and then you can see, Between the two of these, I mean, even this one, I'm just going to read that one. So you've got like almost probably 1,500, if not more.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's a lot.
Kyle Musca: 1,500 leads just from that. And then what you could do here as well, let's just have a look at this. Recipe, just a recipe, recipe in fat loss. So, mean, this is a kind of a low click-through rate, to be fair.
Torin McGlynn: What, the 28% on the fat loss one?
Kyle Musca: The 62% overall clicking through. I mean, you're still getting 500 people there, so 28% of 500, what's that, 558.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Times. I mean, I could have just gone to the next one, think, think, think, but 156. 156. mean, could 156. do. So yeah, well that, rest of the end files, that's still sent 252 times, I don't know why I did the calculation, but I've literally just done that. Do you think that there's a way we could make it more?
Torin McGlynn: See, the problem is, there's two problems in it, that I see. So people are commenting both, and not clicking the button. When I say gain muscle, and the cutting fat, people say both.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so all we can do is do that. Gain muscle tone. Now we'll just do Gain
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, yeah. It's pretty easy, hey?
Kyle Musca: Um, let me go. Duplicate this. Oh, is this, you'll need to create a new flow for this then. Yeah, we can, I can do that separately, just so we, um, yeah, yeah, cool.
Torin McGlynn: And then, and another part where it kind of fails is when it says, old are by the way, um, people actually just straight up put their age in, especially if they're a 50-year-old woman. And then it stops the flow. Because they've just put their, they replied, you know.
Kyle Musca: Um.
Torin McGlynn: So.
Kyle Musca: Brackets. Recipes and fat loss. Let me update this so I can see. So I would say, I mean, 58% of people clicked. So I'd maybe reword this too, just so I know which QuickBook to send. I'm curious. And then I would say, because you kind of need a reason. they've done studies where if you just add like a reason, and usually it's because, so it's a version of because, the response rate will dramatically improve. So they basically did a study of like, if people were waiting in line for a photocopier, and someone was like, can I jump in front of you, the response rate was... Obviously, like, a lot, no. But they said, can I jump in front of you because I need to make copies? It improved. So if you justify these things behind it, like, it improves the response. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, so something like, just so I know which we'll send you. I guess it's, yeah, Chris, as you said, you were here, but that was. What's your main goal?
Torin McGlynn: That's fine. And then she's saying the book.
Kyle Musca: And then, I may even see, turns on, how old are by the way?
Torin McGlynn: Just put brackets, maybe, like, click. Click the button again?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Quick blur.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Are you doing these just in the caption, or are you actually, like, saying in the video to comment?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, just saying it, just in the caption. I keep on forgetting, because I've got such a flow. Obviously, I've only done, like, three things, but...
Kyle Musca: It doesn't have to be anything much, like, obviously, the caption's still working, but I would just, like, real two seconds, just comment, you know, this.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. A hundred percent. Just, like, this autopilot thing. I'll make a note of that for sure. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing here, have you noticed it's helped with engagement on the videos as well, like, in terms of pushing them a bit harder?
Torin McGlynn: It's hard to know, because, like, some of them, so, maybe a little bit, but it's really hard to know, because every video is just working right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, okay, what are we looking here? Younger than 21. Like, you're really not getting young people, which is good.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, pretty much no one.
Kyle Musca: Which is really good. And if we're seeing this kind of response rate, I would almost just rip this out. Because you're not, your age group is really good anyway. So it's no point in asking this.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, actually, just have. Yeah, because like. I see what you're trying to say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's it. That's a good thinking. Because like, once we have it perfect, then I can just copy and paste it to every single video I make. Because doing all this business stuff, it's still easy to make recipe videos. like, I'm trying to be creative right now. The brain capacity is not there for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no. So what I would do here is. And then. Here's my free cookbook. Some amazing recipes. What I would do here, though, that you're also not sending the cookbook. I know you do it here. Okay. Okay, cool. So, I would probably also try and maybe rearrange this to have the cookbook before this. So, because like, I don't know, I would start to get like, I kind of pissed off if I keep clicking things and new questions keep coming up. I mean, the click-through rate is still high here, like 80%, 60%, 70%, 81%. And then 69% say, sure thing, not interested. Yeah, I would, I would, I would, I would change this, to be honest, to completely, so I'd probably remove the 21 at age qualifier just because, again, you're really not getting many young people at all. And then I would send the e-book here. So, after they click through what their goal is, send the cookbook.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. We are the age.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, send the cookbook. It's probably going to be the same cookbook, either option.
Torin McGlynn: So you reckon remove the age part, make cook both closer in the order. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And now, curious, as you said you were here for fat loss, what's your main goal at the moment? I just don't know which cook to send you. I'm curious. You said you were here for fat loss. What's your main goal at the moment? Both. Then what I would do is, so after they click their goal, send the cookbook. So have this, appreciate your support on my content. Here's my free cookbook with some amazing recipes for free. So you say free there twice. Here's my free cookbook with some amazing recipes for free for supporting me.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. Brackets, by the way, it's free. It's free. This is saying like 100 times.
Kyle Musca: And then I might change. And then I'd maybe reword. I know this is how I had my onboard. I've just looking at it and be like, I plan on giving away a lot more of these. So if you want to get first dibs, make sure to turn on my post notifications. Something like that. But then I wouldn't ask this question. So I had this question in here just because I did want to filter a little bit more. But because of the amount of volume you're getting, and again, like you've gotten 20% saying sure thing. I would use this as a lead magnet. So they come through that, you send them the cookbook, then you tag them, and then Klamet just goes through every single one. And this is... It's like, hey, did you get a chance to check out the cookbook? And then just have a conversation with them to try and, like, prompt them to transition into coaching. All these people have already said they're interested in fat loss and recipes. And what you can see has happened here is, like, you've got 252 people have said that, that said they're into fat loss and recipes, compared to after they say sure thing, which is 24.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. So do you think I should still have the not interested sure thing thing, or no?
Kyle Musca: No, no. Just get rid of that completely. And just, and then this is where this...
Torin McGlynn: You don't think that that filters out some of the time wasters? It's the only benefit, I think.
Kyle Musca: It does, but that's not your responsibility. That's, um, that's, uh, , the maze. maze. And if, like, I do get it. Because I think doing this, and if you get a lot of call volume, I do have like female calls, I'm interviewing one on Monday. So like you can take, you can just give all of them to her if you're getting a lot of call, lead magnet calls. Because they are lower at 10, they are lower quality, but you get a lot more volume through the door.
Torin McGlynn: So far they've been pretty good, the ones from lead magnets. It's like, I would even argue that they're more than the, the ad calls that I'm having. Getting a lot of volume in the ad. You can't obviously have a thing where it's like, are you Indian? Yes.
Kyle Musca: off. They definitely can be. Like I've, they definitely can be. And it also activates the rule of reciprocity, because you've already given them something. And that's why, well, you've already given them something. And now, especially like pretty much every society in the world, but especially Westernized societies, we're just brought up that if like, if someone gives you something of value, then you just inherently feel obligated to return that value. So these people are interested in weight loss, you've helped them out with a cool video, they've built a relationship with you, you've sent them a free cookbook to help them on their journey, even if they've had the idea of potentially getting a coach, which anyone that's interested in fat loss probably has had that idea at some point, then you've conversated with them, which is what this lead magazine does, and then you're like, hey, have you ever thought about getting a coach? Oh, I've thought about it, yeah, I might as well see what he has to say.
Torin McGlynn: All right, yeah, yeah, I see.
Kyle Musca: So you have to just like, value by the video, value by the cookbook, value by the conversation.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, by the way, here's my offer. Yeah, I see.
Kyle Musca: So it'd be, basically, we'd rip all that out, we'd rip everything out, give them the cookbook, just tag them, right, don't ask them if they're interested. Hey, did you get a chance to look over that cookbook? Just start the conversation by that.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, I saw you were struggling, I saw you were looking to, you know, primarily focus on, on, for a lot. Fat loss. I'm curious. What have you been struggling with most? Yeah. I hear that a lot, to be honest. You're definitely not the only one dealing with that. What have you tried to fix it? Like, have tried anything?
Torin McGlynn: You know, again, you're just conversating with them. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I see. And then if they are not qualified, what do do for work, by the way? Is it highly active or stressful? I find that plays a huge role in cutting bulking. And if they say they're not, it's just like, you know, they're not qualified. It's just like, that helps me engage. You know, level C, energy expenditure-wise, that cookbook is definitely going to help you manage all that. And then you just end the conversation there. So, if they're not qualified, they just become a stronger supporter because you've just conversated with them and you give them a free value. And you're like, oh, I spoke to Torrin. He's so nice. He just messaged me randomly. Didn't try and sell me anything.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. More than that. For sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But if they are qualified, it definitely makes a difference with energy routine food prep. A lot of women I've worked with, So, Who were nurses, usually struggled with managing that all around and juggling the workload. Yeah, once we cleared that up with some proper, you know, whatever, you can reword this. is obviously just a skeleton of it. The difference was night and day. And then you prompt it out of curiosity if you ever thought about getting a coach.
Torin McGlynn: You sent me the lead magnet one, hey?
Kyle Musca: I think so. I'll send it again just so it's easy to find. But so it basically just conversate and then plant the seed of, like, have you thought about getting a coach? You can also make that, like, less of a, you know, direct sort of wording. Like, have you ever thought about, you know, working with someone to sort this properly?
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense to me.
Kyle Musca: Because, like, right now, like, if we have a look at that. Again, that was 24 compared to 252 people that you would have been able to. Yeah. To message off that.
Torin McGlynn: No shortage of leads at all.
Kyle Musca: And if we look at this one.
Torin McGlynn: Same kind of setup, hey.
Kyle Musca: There's a really low click-through rate there as well. I wonder why. Comments?
Torin McGlynn: I think it's because most of my demograph is like boomers that don't know how to respond. They just, they don't know how to click buttons. That's honestly what I think it is. Because I get a few people being like, oh, so you're not going to send me the recipe. I see that, I try not to look at my DMs too much because it just gets too much. But I see a lot of ones coming in where it's like, oh, you're not going to send me the recipe then. And it's come up like a good few times. Because they're just clicking, they're either saying like, I love your recipe. Specifics, let's say, to that question. I wonder how I can just make it so they have to respond.
Kyle Musca: I wonder if you can see the age of these people. No, you wouldn't be able to see the age of them without qualifying. I'll send you through. That's why we've got the click button below.
Torin McGlynn: Click the button. Yeah. But it's just the boomers. I really do think that that's the culprit here of the click-through rate. If you look at my followers, mostly 40 plus. 35. Like 30 to 60 realm is like 60% of the followers that come in. Good few of them. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Good of them. Good Good Good Thank Mmm. I mean, you might. You'll get that. Recipes and fat loss. Just the recipe. I'll send you through the recipe through and I'll also send you through my cookbook. Maybe I'd also... I'm going to stick to this one. We'll keep this the... We'll call the flatbread one the core one. Or updated, just so we know. Maybe... I'll send the recipe through and I'll send my free cookbook. I have a here. So I'll I have a few, I can't say that here as well, just a, um, wait, stop there, I have a few different ones. Are you, are you recipes, or are you trying to lose fat from the recipes too? Yeah, cool, so we'll try that.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I have a few different ones that you, yeah, the comma or full stop, looks better.
Torin McGlynn: I'm, I'm, Comrade. Yeah. All right, cool.
Kyle Musca: See how that goes.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, we'll give it a go.
Kyle Musca: But either way, yeah, I think there's heaps and heaps of leads in there, so it's like, you might as well just , like, Klamago ham on them.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, she's working 50s, she's working eight hours a day, every day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, and, like, if you're getting a ton of, like, call volumes from them, well, I'll show you who she is, actually, because I think she'll probably suit, especially your role, very well. Her name's Bella.
Torin McGlynn: She's a closer.
Kyle Musca: She's coming through this, this, like, sales course thing. Oh, got too many group chats with them.
Torin McGlynn: It's one of those. Yeah, I see.
Kyle Musca: World of self-development. You know that moment when someone is on the edge of a breakthrough and they just, they can see what's possible for them, but the theatre has still got one hand on the wheel. That is the moment that I love the most. Hi, Calvin. My name is Bella, and I am genuinely so excited about this opportunity that you guys have a world success on the team as a closer. What really attracted me to you guys is your mission, know, helping people create deep, lasting transformation through NLP and coaching. And I've always been so fascinated by human behaviour and the power of mindset. And I love that wild success doesn't just teach this work. It actually fully embodies it. And before stepping into sales, my background has been in nursing for over five years. And in that time, it has really taught me how to communicate with people with compassion, because it is so important to hold that space. And, you know, in these really emotionally charged conversations. But really help them be guided towards the best decisions for them, especially when it's uncomfortable. And, you it's something I've been exposed to so much. And that foundation has shaped how I show up in sales today. You know, what I've learned is to be calm, curious, and grounded, but also confident in helping them make a commitment today. She just looks and fits the profile well, I feel.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, she got stunned, for sure.
Kyle Musca: So, again, like, I would, you know, obviously you keep taking the highly qualified leads and, like, the direct ad stuff. Like, we're getting a ton of volume through lead magnet stuff, which I think, you know, you've got the  following in the audience and engagement to do that. I would just get her in there and just, you know, bashing out them. Because you pay a closer about 10%. But if she's taking, like, 20, 30 extra calls a week for you, it's like, you know, and you're still taking all the brunt calls that you would already take.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I think getting a coach is another thing. That's super important because like doing even like the ads or the, because I can make a viral recipe in like 20 minutes, right? It's not a problem, but like my time in the day right now just seems so low. Like I'm working like 12 hours every day, but I'm loving it. It's definitely something I'm liking, but I think offloading some clients, like the ones that aren't as, you know, the ones that I don't fancy as much, then. Yeah. I think it's a good idea, but you said that probably someone close to me is like a good, good idea.
Kyle Musca: Well, so on that, the good news is hiring a coach is actually quite a simple process. And like, as long as you interview a fair few, not a fair few, but a few people, you pick the right person, then usually it's probably one of the easiest hires you'll do in your business. Usually I find just having a look around you, yeah, initially just to The, if you know anyone, is like an easy way, because then if you do, then you can just like slot them straight in, it's like fantastic, happy days. Do you know anyone off the top of your head that could potentially be a good fit for that?
Torin McGlynn: See, most people that are coming in now are like, I do, but I don't know if it would be, if it would change the relationship with that person, is the only thing that I imagine, you know? Because most people in my life, like right now, like friends that I could make a coach, already look at me as a mentor, and then like, it already feels transactional, where it's like, they're asking me for advice pretty much all the time. So if I hired them as a coach, it would just feel like, then that's our relationship, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the biggest thing here is like, you don't want to be too friendly with them, like you want to know them, like and stuff. It's not like you want to get like a decently good friend in there, because the business always has to come first. The other thing is like, you want the perfect coach. It's like someone who's tried to do it themselves and they actually are a good coach themselves, but they just aren't very good at running the business. They just don't create content. They can't market their business. They can't market their service to actually get good clients. And they've like, in a sense, failed themselves because they know how difficult it is to actually run the actual business.
Torin McGlynn: they just like the coach. That's how I've coaches before. That's the thing. I just used his Instagram to market them when I did the interview. So I don't think it'll be that difficult. If I put one on my story, I'm sure I'll get a few people asking about it.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's the other thing. So first one is like seeing if there's anyone around you that, you know, you could be, think could be a potential fit. Second one is chucking an application up on the form up on your, your story saying, you know, the team's growing and I'm looking to hire a coach. Kind of pretty much exactly how we make the graphic ads. Pretty much exactly the same with an application form.
Torin McGlynn: Uh, yeah, I don't think that, I don't think that'll be a problem. Well, I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then just save it, make like three or four, and then save them without the application link attached. So just the wording and the writing. And we just run it as an ad because we can just target fitness coaches and stuff. Usually, I've done this for Bree. That's how she found a coach. She absolutely loves her. I did this for Jesse as well. He just did that. He found a great coach as well, usually within like a week or so. They both spent about $250 on the ad and they got, Bree got 40 applicants and Jesse got 30 applicants.
Torin McGlynn: Ah, yeah. Okay. No, no problem. No problem. Yeah. I'll look into that more because obviously it's possible. If I'm getting these clients that I've closed to now that are USD 3,000, three months, that's like an insane price for coaching. I'll definitely coach those people. But it's just for these guys, these girls or guys that I don't, they're not very, you know, they don't need that much support. They've joined on a 1,000 program or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. well, It allows you to add a lot more, I guess, dynamic to the coaching as well because you've got a lot more to offer there. Like right now, it's just you. So it's like you're not going to jump on  coaching calls because that's just too time-consuming. You don't have time as it is, you know, and like realistically, just where your worth is at the moment, like not a lot is going to be really enticing for you unless they pay like 3,000 USD for three months. Then you'd be like, yeah, I'll coach them. So exactly. You could have. And so like, yeah, this is 3,000, you know, USD for three months and this is to work 100% with me at all times. I'm, you know, direct contact source, whatever. There's an exclusivity of that and that sells a lot, right? Okay, that's too expensive. No worries. Look, what I can do then is we can do, I can bring on, you know, my head coach, Sarah, and you'll be working with both of us. So you still get direct communication with me. still help, like, help me manage every, whatever, however you put it. So it just makes, it just takes a little bit of the workload off me. And Make sure that you're really well-supported at the same time. And with that, you'll actually get coaching calls and everything like that as well. Yada, yada, yada, right? That's still too expensive. Okay, no stress. Look, what we could do is we could just, and then take away. We could take away, you know, instead of the coaching calls, we just do coaching videos through Loom check-ins and everything like that. It's a text and it's text communication.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And so it's like, yeah, you've got a lot of things to play around with when you bring a coach on.
Torin McGlynn: And the clients get a better quality of service as well because now, like... You can also say, like, two of us in the group chat.
Kyle Musca: You say it as a coaching system, yeah. So you work with both of us.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I'll do, like, that's important that I do that. I need, like, a, I need to set time in my calendar where I actually just make these things happen because right now it just feels like one thing after another. And that's what the biggest struggle in the business right now is, is that I'm just all go, go, go, go, go right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The big things you need to remember is, like, you'll constantly feel like that. That's like... I'm running a business. There's always going to be fires in the business. It's like, just sit down and think, okay, what is the biggest fire right now? What's preventing me from doing more? Right now with where you're at, it's like, marketing's working well. The leads are good. I'm getting clients. You're going to very quickly run into the bottleneck of like, I can't service these clients anymore. Right? Because how many clients do you have at the moment yourself?
Torin McGlynn: So myself, my business, probably 35. Yeah. And then the other business, I have another 35, but then I oversee 100, so more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, you're already at the point where, even in your own business, I think like, if the marketing is good and you've got the lead flow, it's around that 35, 40 clients where you need to start offloading. Like, you could go up more and you could get to 60 if that's all you were doing, like yourself. But like, you'd be very tight on time. And then it's only just a, like, you'd drip feed all the clients into a new coach that you get. And then that transition would happen over. Couple weeks. Whereas I think where, again, where you're at, you've got a lot of lead flow. I don't think it'd be that hard to really get a coach filled up and you might as well just bring them on sooner rather than later so you can free up your time and focus on the more dollar productive things. And this is where, you know, as the business owner, you want to try and take yourself out of working in the business as much as possible and focus really on working on the business.
Torin McGlynn: So it's like 80% of your time. For forms I can, I can have to, I don't need to be making one.
Kyle Musca: For the application?
Torin McGlynn: For the application, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, let me send through business coaching.
Torin McGlynn: There's one more thing I want off you is, you said something about the 80% money back guarantee you had like forms for it or something.
Kyle Musca: Oh, hang on, you cut it there. What was that, sorry?
Torin McGlynn: A while ago. I said a while ago on one of our calls, you said that you had something to do with like you need to do 80% of these things to get the money back. I guarantee you.
Kyle Musca: Remember you said that?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you have a form for that? Like the contract?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, or like anything that's like, because I got one girl that said like, if got, if you got like that in writing or like in terms of conditions, and I just like thought I'd ask you, because I think you mentioned that to me before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I do have that. Let me grab it for you.
Torin McGlynn: Let me see if I got a different one here. Oh, this is good. This is good.
Kyle Musca: Let me see.
Torin McGlynn: Hang on, let me just check. exactly what I want.
Kyle Musca: Can I edit that? Just make a copy of it. Sure. Let's do that. Yeah, so. But let me just, yeah, so that must be the right one. So, yeah, even when we look at this, just open this up. Oh, are you there? Yeah, I'm here. Yeah, cool. So you'll come down here and you'll see guaranteed results. Log all training workouts on the app. Must stick to a minimum 80% of the nutrition plan. Must track 80% of food calorie intake. Must communicate at least three times a week with the coach. Must complete a return check-in. Have all weekly data up to date before check-in of their allocated day and time. Must look all progression data included. In-way progression, minimum three times a week, progression photos one times a week, log a minimum, 80% of meals, and must track all this data within the whatever app.
Torin McGlynn: Right, easy.
Kyle Musca: A guarantee of results does not apply if the client has not fulfilled the above conditions, fail the follow-up program guidelines.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: So, um, and what I would probably do there is just, like, chuck that into ChatGPT and just say, like, I expect, yeah, like, have, show me all the company names and all the things that I'd need to change to make sure that this contract applies to my business. And then, like, type in what it would say, and then you're like, I don't think I really need it from most clients, it's just to have it. I would have it, um, can you attach it so when someone signs up, they fill out a contract or, like, un-current use to CUNIS?
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Lost you there for whatever reason. Oh, can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so different ways you could go about it. One is, in Kahunas, like, is there a T's and C's that you can attach it to?
Torin McGlynn: I have a form, like a client waiver that I could probably just edit it and then make sure that I'll show you it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would, let me, I'll let you show your screen. If you have a client waiver, do they sign it?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, they do. It's on job form.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. So I would just add that. I would just add that to it.
Torin McGlynn: It's to you. So you can actually just look at what's in it. It talks about, like, it's right back from my days of being an in-person coach. Coach, I got it from, like, this girl coach that helped me a little bit. I'll send it you. We're going to WhatsApp. It should work. Yeah. Oh, no, that's your form.
Kyle Musca: Jot.
Torin McGlynn: It's just the only one that I have is. Of JotForms is my one, and then you just have one. All right, here.
Kyle Musca: Did you say it's JotForm?
Torin McGlynn: What? It's JotForm. Oh, yeah. Because you can signature. So I just got the yearly thing for that subscription, so then I can have, like, more applications and stuff. So this is what they upload at the very beginning. So this is after they paid. The very bottom is the terms and conditions, Per.
Kyle Musca: All right. Yeah, that's cool. That's very cool, actually. What I would do, to be honest with you, is, like, strip this right back, because you get all their body weight and stuff when they log into that, huh?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I get it. So then they just have to have a photo. To be honest, this form does well. No one has problems with this form, ever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What I'm kind of saying here is, like, any information you don't need, like, do you need their specific body weight stuff on this form, and do you get that elsewhere?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I get it from the app as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd kind of get rid of, like, all the stuff that you don't need. And then keep the stuff of, like, you know, like, let me share my screen.
Torin McGlynn: Actually, there is a little kind of cancellation. I understand this is an unrefundable purchase.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So I would just keep that normal, you know, name, email, phone, stuff like that. Even address if you want to get debt collectors.
Torin McGlynn: Their address is in there, in the bottom. This form is quite long. That's pretty much everything about their life.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's like, you know. But I would just keep like maybe, I would, what I'm trying to say here is I would get them to write their goals and then like why they're doing it. Like why now? Please explain the deep reasoning why you want to improve yourself. You know, stuff like that to get them committed. So they write it down. They keep them accountable.
Torin McGlynn: Food dislikes. Food parrot is important, I think.
Kyle Musca: Because if it's important, I'm my offer of three meal plans that I make for them on my fitness pal. Yeah. So definitely, you know, anything that you need to keep in here, keep it. But if you don't need to like, you know, body weight stuff, remove it. it's oh, So want you been I'm me you. Yep. Current training split. How many days do you want to train?
Torin McGlynn: The training schedule thing I added because it's just a scheduling thing that I help them with their scheduling, and this makes it so that I'm really proactive with it, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, if it's useful and stuff, if you find it useful, definitely keep it in there. I'm not saying, like, remove everything. Yeah, for sure.
Torin McGlynn: I could simplify it, I think, and just add the terms and conditions and do a little bit of, like, your form and mind just mix together.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. you get much pullback on the financial agreement?
Torin McGlynn: Not at all. Not once. I've never got pullback from this form, ever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. So, that's good contract duration. So, let's say agreement.
Torin McGlynn: Again, you haven't got pullback this time. Agreed price is super important because I sometimes forget what I sold them on. I have done, and this has been pretty handy because then I can tell them, like, because if I said, like, oh, let's do 182.50 a week on the recurring, and I'm like, oh, , after Like, what did I actually do this on? And when I'm setting up their thing after I've already charged them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you run this through this with them?
Torin McGlynn: No. I just send it to them and say, can you finish this by the end of the day so then we can get started if you have any questions, let me know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Cool. So, like, newer, newer, client probably don't need that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I don't need that part. It literally, part of the, I need to do this form, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: So, contract duration is important, though, because that will be a part of the contract.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's it. That's important, for sure. Yeah. See, the rescheduling is one I used to do in person. So, there's, like, you know, a few counsels straight away.
Kyle Musca: And then you could probably, like, remove all these little ones and just, like, have it all together. Like, and then have this as the actual contract. You know what mean? And then just, like, yes, I've read and understood these conditions.
Torin McGlynn: Terms and conditions, signature, let's transfer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll revise this for sure. I'll make it a little bit. What you sent me is going to help me a lot, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So this is good. Like, this is really good.
Torin McGlynn: Like, you've got this.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah. Yeah, and then just chuck it in there. Because that will help massively. But, um, cool, man.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. But, um, yeah, sweet. Okay. So back to this. So massive weekend.
Torin McGlynn: That's 20k cash collected. So I calculated it while we're on the call. And it's 17,000 Australian dollars from today, um, last Friday to this Friday.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, perfect. I mean, you were doing, like, 16k or something. 15, 16k before we started a month.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, totally. Totally. Um, as I said, last month was, like, if I'm to count the... So when we pay, when I paid you first and when I paid you a few days ago, because obviously we had the 10K, doesn't matter because that's not what you're helping with. I'm pretty sure it was like 25 or something. So like 15 extra K earned just with you or 16 extra K just with you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: So that I've just made a big sale today.
Kyle Musca: That's why it's gone up a good bit more as well. yeah. Sick, man. So just keep in mind that that's what I wanted to chat to you as well about actually. I think I mentioned the cash asset and then the liability of the contract before. So when you get a paid in full, like it's fantastic because you've just gotten like five grand from someone, right? So you've now got the cash asset, right? But you have the liability to now fulfill on the contract. So because you're doing the coaching still, like it's not that big of a deal. It's just, you know, the time that you're going to have to obviously spend managing this client with not getting an actual income from it. So, and what I mean by this is like, and A good example of this is there was a business, there was an Australian-based business that used a lot of like paid-in-fools, but then got like a reoccurring, like a payback, what's it called? I mean, like a payback, essentially, whatever that is.
Torin McGlynn: Can't remember. Retail-in-can?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but it's not like them actually, the customer repaying it. It's like, it's pay later. That's what it is. Like an actual external company has taken $5,000 and paid, let's say, you in this case, and then that company is doing the repayment. So essentially, that was a  way of explaining it, but essentially what happened, they were getting a ton of, you know, paid-in-fools and stuff, and they were like a multi-million dollar, I think they were making like $15 million a year or something like that, because they were getting a ton and a ton and a ton of paid-in-fools. But then if the marketing dries up or whatever  happens and things, you know, slow right down, all of a sudden you have. This massive liability, especially when you've got coaches and a lot of moving parts to your business, that you have to have overheads on. You've got a ton of overheads and no cash coming in, right? So they went bankrupt because they were doing massive numbers, but then all of a sudden they had no money coming in and they had a ton of overheads. So obviously, when we're doing primarily repayment plans and stuff, then I paid in full every now and then it's  fantastic, it's happy days. But just to be aware of that, you know what mean? Like, and that's why I'm not a huge fan of even getting third-party billing companies on to do that. Like, it's great to do it, you know, once off or like occasionally to get people across the line. But if you're doing it all the  time, then it's like that's when it can cause issues unless you have a really good accounting system going. So basically what I'm saying is, one, it's fine with you now because you're just doing the time liability. Like, you just have to spend the time managing the client. But when you've actually got... You know, a coach and everything like that on board and you have to pay them, you do have to take in consideration the overhead of what it's going to include in that. It's not like overly complicated, to be fair. Like if you're paying, let's say, a coach, $20 per check-in per week for this client and, you know, the client signed up for 20, 26, 24 weeks or whatever, then it's just going to be, you know, whatever that comes out to be. Like a couple hundred bucks, 600 bucks, let's just round it to, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does that make sense?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, makes total sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: So I don't think about how, obviously, the business is going, it's important.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like as a one-off paid in full, like it's not going to make any difference. Like you're not even going to notice that really. But it's like if you were getting like, you know, tons of paid in fulls, you'd have these crazy big cash collected weeks and you'd be over the moon. And then, you know, if things were to slow down for whatever reason, you'd start to feel really dry. So that's why I like getting them onto a repayment plan, if possible. What I would personally do for...
Torin McGlynn: don't plan this just on Stripe. I I I I'm not a fair-practic thing going on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no, I know. So it's like the same concept. It's the same concept, essentially. What I would personally do for you as well is when you get the, and that's what I said in that message before, is when you get it paid in full, I would try and jump on them around the three to four-week mark is when we want to try and do an upsell or we want to try and get a referral or something from them, right? And the reason for that is because they've probably lost a bit of weight and, like, they've built trust in you because they see it's working. They've lost a bit of weight. Now they're on an emotional high. So if you can try and capture them in that state where they are really confident in you, they're emotionally hooked in, they're really motivated, but they still don't feel confident enough to do it on their own, your odds of being able to extend them is much higher if you give them a better offer. Opposed to if you sell them on a three-month plan, you reach out at week 11 saying, hey, do you want to continue on? They're like, now they've got to pay more all of a sudden. And they're like, well, I feel confident enough to do this on my own. You know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Takes that away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, and what you can do here and what I was saying before is like, if you were to say, let's say you're sending someone up on a three-month plan, right, for $3,000 and you were like, on week three, they've lost three kilos, they're  over the moon. You'd be like, yeah, awesome. And then you explain like, you know, obviously this transformation goes a lot longer than three months, whether that be losing weight, reverse starting, whatever the case may be for them. And you have this, you do it more as a customer satisfaction call to start with, but then you lead into the fact of like, well, by the way, like the six-month program, you know, it actually comes out to be a bit more affordable. It comes out to be, you know, 5K for the total of it, for that entire plan. And like, if you were actually, like, if you're really serious about committing to this and seeing it through, what we could do is we could just go straight onto that one. And that would make it a lot more affordable because like, you know, only basically have to cover the difference, which would just be. around $8 a month. Did you want to do that?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. This particular client that I closed today is going to pay $3,000 more USD next month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Fantastic. I already said to him, like, because I said to him $6,000 for six months. And then he said, like, oh, let's do half now, half in a month so I can see if the program works. And I was like, sure, absolutely. And then I set it up automatically anyway. But I completely get what you mean with that. And that's something that I've actually failed at a few times in the business is that, you know, I get people sick results. And then after three months, they're like, I can do this myself.
Kyle Musca: You taught me everything. Yeah. We'll talk about this because this is a tricky one. We'll probably save this for the next one because we don't have enough time to really run through it now. It's not super urgent. I've got a roadmap thing that I would do. And I've only recently kind of built this out that you basically build out with them on the first call. And it's the next 12 months of what their journey is going to look like. So even if they start up for three months, you still do 12. So you can one gauge whether they're at in the journey. So every like week or every two weeks, you just quickly pull it up. So that's constant top of mind where they're at and constant for you where they're at. And the only thing that, because we're in an information business is what we're in, right? The only reason someone will stick around is because if they feel like they lack the information, keep doing it themselves. So they've gone through a weight loss phase and they're like, cool, I've got the information now.
Torin McGlynn: I feel confident to do this myself.
Kyle Musca: There's no reason for them to stick through it. But if you're like, you know, we need to go into a reverse dieting phase now, and this is super important, but we really need to take this super cautiously because if we don't, then you're just going to undo all the work we've done and you're just going to gain a bunch of fatty tissue and probably end up in the same, if not worse position than when you started. And then you explain the next steps and they know that, then there's a reason for them to stick around because they need more information from you.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, so they want to obtain more, gaining more. Yeah, sure, sure. I can, I can work on that. And see, there's a roadmap part of the app I used, which I could probably just like put in more parts of it. I'd be like, oh, we're doing this fat loss phase now, and I'd love to get you, like, well, 100% body fat, let's say, if it's just, like, someone like us. And then let's build for three months, and, you know, then let's go, and, like, next summer you're going to look like a Greek card or something, and that could be the way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, exactly. I'll show you, try and remember my next call, show you, because I've got the actual thing, and then, again, if you can build it in the app, then you can just basically take what that is and chuck it into the app. But, yeah, essentially.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's a great idea, for sure. For sure. But, yeah, man, I appreciate you. I'm going to smash this sales call. Hopefully we'll get someone over the line, and I'll let you know about that, too. And the lead magnets is the kind of immediate thing. Also, where did you say that the check-in form should go?
Kyle Musca: It should go on WhatsApp. It should, yeah, on Thursday, it'll come through on WhatsApp.
Torin McGlynn: Because it definitely didn't come through on Thursday. There's no way. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I checked, it didn't come through in the message for some reason. So, it'll definitely come through. Thank you.
Torin McGlynn: On Thursday, but if it doesn't, let me know. All right, perfect, man. All right, well, enjoy the rest of your time in Dubai. You're still going be in Dubai next?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, are. Yeah, are. You're in the of the month. Another 10 days. Cool, man. All right, well, good luck on your call, and keep going. I appreciate it. See you later, man. Bye-bye. See you. Bye.


>>> 219/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-17T06:29:38Z | id:94869808
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, how going?
Hattie Boydle: Hi, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. How's it ever been?
Hattie Boydle: Good.
Kyle Musca: Busy. Yeah, this is good. Perfect. How's stuff with Millie going? Has that all been smoothed out?
Hattie Boydle: Um, I think, like, obviously, yes, in the way that we now have access to her Instagram, but no, in the way that it's a very slow feedback loop. And, um, I guess it's just patiently or persistently, obviously, prior to this, she doesn't, she doesn't. She had to do anything. She hasn't had to respond to anyone. Like, there's really been like, she can do whatever she wants. So I think it's been hard and frustrating for mostly Coburn more than me, that there's just like a really, there's a lot of like mismanagement that's going on. As an example, when Coburn's like, hey, you need to welcome this girl. I said to her, like, we kind of expect things to go really like that needs to be done now because there are things that are getting marked off or things get missed. So even just in this moment, this girl signed up, Millie was meant to welcome her. Then he's having a full-on, then Coburn's having a full-on conversation with her somewhere else. And then he's like, so would you like to sign up? She's like, I have. But she'd already like, and he's just like, one, it looks like Millie's an idiot, but it's just, it's just bad management. And so that, I think just. Those pieces are a little bit challenging and they need a little bit of work. And then, you know, even like to get her to do a poll, she's like, so what do I say? And it's like, well, what kind of niche do you want in our community? And she'd be like, girls don't want to be the best versions of themselves. I'm like, that's a really blasé thing. And then unless like everything, it's like everything has to be done for her. And then because she was going away today, she was like, oh, well, can you just have my login and you just do the poll? Like she didn't even want to just like do the poll. And I said to Coburn, I'm like, we can say yes now, but we have to encourage, like we can't encourage behavior that you just take it because otherwise we're just doing everything. And there's no, there's no built, like I said, you'll end up saying yes, I'll do it. And then you'll resent her because you didn't tell her what to So, and I said to her, look, we're all happy to, like, as a team, there are times of push and pull, right? So if she's next week, she's got an event on in Sydney, I'm going to do the call on my own. That's totally fine. But I would expect that she would do the same if I can't make a call. Or, you know, like today, she said she's in Newcastle, she's away, she's not going to be able to be on her phone. So we take the lead of the polls. But that can't be expected moving forward. Does that mean, like, that can't be the regular rhythm. It's got to be still take your own responsibility and do those things. Yeah. But, yeah. But I think so far there's been, like, I just asked, how many sales have we made? We've had sales for both Flex and Millie this week. I'm just waiting for you to tell me how many. So both are churning over. Yeah. We had a call yesterday, so one of our coaches who's part-time currently, we had been kind of like chipping away and every kind of two months I'd check in and say, hey, just curious like where you're at, do you want make more money, do you want to be at your current job, where are you at? And then it was only this week that I reached out to her again and said, hey, look, because her friend actually inquired into Flex, and I just said to her, look, just so you know, like what we're offering your girlfriend, like we can offer you, we're looking for full-time staff. And so we had a call with her yesterday, and she's going to get back to us this afternoon around whether she wants to do full-time, because ideally it'd be great just to have like to have her come on full-time, because she already knows the systems. We already have a relationship with her. Her drop-off rate, like she only had 25. And over the whole year, she's lost five. That's it. And some of those people came from me from when I was doing them at the, with the challenge. So to maintain people that come from me to her, I know there was like two or three that dropped off under the, you know, after, but most of them have been really solid. And, um, and so, yeah, I think, um, I'm hoping that she says yes, because it would just be easy to load her with 80 clients. Cause I'm, I got on a call with her friend and I asked her a bunch of questions and she just doesn't know enough. I was just like, why this, why this? So what have you done? And she was like, at the end of the call, she's like, oh my God, I've just learned so much from you. I'm thinking that's not good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. I've just educated, like you should know this. And that means that you're not qualified enough.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. No, absolutely. So there's lots of time back there. One, definitely with the coach. That would be the. Easier route to go. With Millie, what percentage are you paying her again?
Hattie Boydle: It's pretty evenly split.
Kyle Musca: I reckon just give her the ultimatum. Like, as I kind of mentioned last week, I've been like, hey, look, we've sort of had a chat and we think that, you know, obviously there is going to be a workload required with this. And you've got like, you're busy, get a lot on stuff. We can bring someone on and we can bring someone on to actually like manage your account, put up all the stories, communicate with them directly, and even get back to the messages, do all that stuff for you. But obviously that's going to require, you know, funds to do. We're happy to do that. And then potentially even like look at saying like, hey, we'll bring it down to 25% of a rev share, because that 25% now needs to go into someone else to actually be able to manage the clients and actually be able to set them up properly and onboard them and all the, you know, processes involved. And then you just kind of word it as like, look, we could, you know. One, that gives you less of a workload. So you don't really need to stress about everything. It's pretty much completely passive for you at that point in time. And two, like, yes, you know, you're taking like a little bit of a cut in terms of pay, like in terms of share per client. But if we're not doing these things, it's actually like onboard the clients to not, you know, actually put the stories up in the first place to message them out, then, you know, we're probably going to get a fraction of the clients that we could get. So you'll actually be making more money because we're more on top of it.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, I feel like because it's, it's like, in a way, it's still like passive for her. I don't know. I don't, I think it's, she loves the calls and she's been great on the calls. But I think everything else, even though she's on her phone 24-7 anyway. Yeah. You know, it feels.
Kyle Musca: Because I think, I think the issue you'll run into is like, you can't. Like, lead a horse. Like, you can lead a horse to water, you can't force the drink. Like, she's just lived this lifestyle for so long that she doesn't really, you know, from what I understand, they had to work that hard. And she's gotten so much from it in return as well. So for now to say, like, hey, yeah, you can make a considerable amount of money, but you're going to put in, you know, not even a considerable amount of work, just some work. Like, like, it's just like, it kind of falls on deaf ears. And I've kind of found, like, with people that, you know, if they're not doing the things that they should be doing, especially at the start, like, this is a launch, this should be the easiest time for her to do it. It's, you're probably just going to have to keep having these repeated conversations over and over and over again. So, I mean, yeah. And even when I, you know, get into these situations with my employees, my closers and stuff, it is just the ultimate of, hey, we can do, you know, what we're doing at the moment. It just requires you to do the things that she's not. Doing, or we can cut it back and we're to have to bring someone else on to do it, but that's obviously going to require funding, which means that you're going to take a cut, a hit. Either option is fine. Just let me know. Yeah.
Hattie Boydle: And he was pretty, he's sitting in his car right now. He actually had another call accidentally booked from like a different time change that ended up  up for this call. But he's sitting in the car because he was so pissed off and he was like heating up and he's like, I've got to get out of this house.
Kyle Musca: I'm sorry.
Hattie Boydle: And I was like, oh, my God, okay. So, yeah, look, the thing I'm, I'm like, okay, nothing's perfect in the beginning. Nothing's perfect in the beginning and it is going to take some repetition with her, but I think in like if it gets to like two more weeks or three weeks and it'll just be like, hey, look, it doesn't seem like you really want to do like. Like this, which is totally fine, but it just means like because it's more of our time, like it's way more load for us, then it's just going to change obviously the percentage of what you get. So because then all she really has to do literally is two weekly group coaching goals and that's it. And then everything else is.
Kyle Musca: Literally. And then because how many coaches do you have total now?
Hattie Boydle: In total, there's 10.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, I mean, we could kind of look at this, but like you might even want to look at bringing on like an overall operations manager just to, you know, manage all these things because you're building out a pretty large team at this point in time. So it's like by the sounds of you don't really have an issue with the 10 coaches you do have.
Hattie Boydle: No, it's actually super easy to talk to them. I think what is difficult, though, is when they need stuff from me, when anyone needs anything from Millie, that's the bottleneck.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'd kind of like look at all, because again, you've got enough, and she's, you've got enough funds to do it through Flex alone, but I think the funds that she would be able to bring in there, like if you, even if pay someone 80 grand a year, but you're making, you get hers up to 100 grand a month. It's like, that's easily covered. And then it's just like, their whole job is just to basically manage Millie's side of things. So from the content, to the messaging, to the, you even if someone, like the coach can then just go then to them and say, hey, I need this from Millie. And then whoever that is, can just pick up the phone and just give Millie a call and just like harass Millie until she like gets that information back.
Hattie Boydle: Hmm. I feel like we just need like all her logins if we need something done quickly, but it just means like, it would just be nice from like a team environment. That there was just like a little bit more effort on there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. No, ideally that would be the case, but like these girls are just a bit allergic to hard work because I remember, again, nothing like against Finlay, but I remember working with her and like she was complaining because she had to put in like two hours worth of work and I was like, yeah, you've got so much potential there. It's just, yeah, anyway, but then that creates, in saying that, as Kevin said the other day, the other week, it creates an opportunity for you guys to just kind of step in and like capitalise on it because they're not willing to do it anyway. So.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah. But aside from that, I mean, I do know that I think talking to Millie's audience is a little bit more challenging than what Kevin initially thought, just because they're so young and a lot of them have end disorders that we, you know, we can't deal with, but also, um, Just from like a finance point of view, they'll say, I'd love to do this.
Kyle Musca: I've just got to wait for my next payday.
Hattie Boydle: So it is sifting through like a lot of conversations that aren't necessarily going to go anywhere because they're young. They either got to ask their parents, they don't have enough money, or they've got eating disorders. So it is, you know, it is while like she does get people that sign up off the back of her email, which is great, and her website. I think it's, there is going to be like a lot of conversations that don't go anywhere for a period of time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, do you have a, what platform do you use? you get that custom book without what you're still using?
Hattie Boydle: What?
Kyle Musca: What platform do you use to manage the clients?
Hattie Boydle: We're using Trainerise.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay.
Hattie Boydle: Trainerise and Mighty Network.
Kyle Musca: Because The other thing you could do there is like if you are getting a lot of young girls come through, you could just get like a, like a, just a really passive, no coach, just program type thing to follow.
Hattie Boydle: She, she has that. So she has her own and Coburn will drop sell. They can't do. So he's like, he's like to Millie, I'm still making you money. Like he still takes them to their app, to her app, which is $39 a week. If they don't, if they say that one-to-one coaching is too much. So like, he's just in there making her money, which I think is the most frustrating thing when you're like, I don't think she understands like what he's doing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I'm surprised he still does it. The DM is so tedious. Like I hate looking at them.
Hattie Boydle: I mean, I think he, I mean, I think he somewhat enjoys it. And I think he trusts his ability to do it versus someone else. Yeah. he gets to give it, but at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Working and stuff like that, and he doesn't hate it, definitely did.
Hattie Boydle: And then on Monday I've got Vaughan, and I've written a whole bunch of new scripts, which we can use for that day. So I was trying to get like three or four scripts out. I was thinking about maybe extending that, because I booked out for two hours, but I might just see if I can do it for three hours, and just try and get as many in. So I've got that happening on Monday. And then I know we spoke about the masterclass thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Hattie Boydle: When are you wanting me to kind of do that? Because I'll have to tee that up with a friend of mine and see, well, well, if we're going to fly her here and if she has any time to do that, or if we just do Through a Zoom.
Kyle Musca: Well, what I reckon we do is we do these videos first, just to get them out of the way. So it's like, cool, we've got a little bit of content to work up there. And then I reckon we do, I reckon you do the podcast, whether that be in person or through Zoom, after that with her, just to get the talking points, you know, because you'll, obviously you guys will conversate and then like you'll be able to like think of points that you probably wouldn't have just thought of if you just sat down and like, wrote out the presentation myself. And then from that, I reckon then you'll have more information to do the presentation so we can get a bit of a presentation and then you do a bit of a masterclass off that. Then, I reckon we do it around a seasonal thing, if you're happy with that. So how to like, you know, basically manage progress through the silly season, through the holiday period, Christmas, New Year's, all that stuff. So realistically, like we have about a month before we need that done, but I would like to.
Hattie Boydle: Obviously, get it done before then so we can map out the road map. Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: So realistically, if we think about it like videos next week and then like the podcast the week after that, and then if we do the masterclass the week after that, that will put us in a good position as long as we take those things off.
Hattie Boydle: Okay. So next week's the podcast.
Kyle Musca: If possible. Yeah. Next week or the week after that. Either one.
Hattie Boydle: Okay. Okay. I'll message her and see what date she's free. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Hattie Boydle: I think she's going to be in Sydney and I can always just go down to Sydney and meet her. It's probably cheaper for me just to go down to Sydney and meet her there.
Kyle Musca: Oh, and then we'll have to get marketing material around that. So basically, you might want to book in potentially even. Another thing with Vaughn saying, I've just filmed this, either masterclass or this podcast with, because she's a neuroscientist or something, isn't she?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, neuropsychologist.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, neuropsychologist and everything like that. So we'll have to have like the front-end marketing that directs them through the messages to get them through that.
Hattie Boydle: Okay. That's cool. Anything else to report?
Kyle Musca: Kevin mentioned those guys were thinking of a new business venture or something.
Hattie Boydle: New business venture?
Kyle Musca: Or idea or something.
Hattie Boydle: Well, he may have told you about it, but he hasn't told me about it.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, I can chat to him.
Hattie Boydle: Well. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Not off the top of my head. Good answer. He's probably pretty pissed off. With the Millie thing, because I can imagine that's quite a lot of a headache. But I think you would really like filming with Ornn. Like, he's just really good behind the camera in terms of direction and, you know, getting it all done properly. And he's really good, like, turnaround time is really good on it as well.
Hattie Boydle: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Are you guys still pushing much through your Instagram?
Hattie Boydle: I mean, there's still, the ads are still on because there's people still coming on, coming through the ads. And I think because Coburn wanted you to turn them off because he was like, we might as well just wait for the new ones and just focus on Millie's audience right now. But, yeah, we're still getting, like, we're still getting people coming through. There's still people that are unanswered that we're having conversations through because, obviously, Coburn's, I jumped in yesterday and I said, I'll, while he's doing Millie's, I'll do mine. Just so there's, like, consistent conversations going through. Um, but I have to jump in and out, like, between, I do all my calls and. Other work, so it's like a little bit of chop. But, yeah, there's still conversations going between both people, between both IGs.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, did you want me to turn the ads off? Because they're still performing well from my perspective and your perspective.
Hattie Boydle: Oh, okay. I mean, yeah, I can win, and I'll just do the conversations.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it's like as long as they're working. What happens when you risk turning it off is like it can kind of lose the data track.
Hattie Boydle: That's what I thought, yeah. Yeah, you better have just momentum and putting in new ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, and then just drip feed new ones in as we go. So, yeah, perfect. And we might even get some like, might even try, when we do the podcast again, this will just come down the marketing side of things, but we might try like some graphics like that. We say, I've just filmed this podcast, DME, whatever. Or we might even try some like more, kind of how Clean Health, I guess, does their graphics. Whereas like a little bit more of a professional. Yeah. One, and it'll be like you and her as an actual professional graphic, if that makes sense. And then we'll just see how we go with them. Perfect. Anything else you guys want to cover at all at the moment?
Hattie Boydle: No, I don't think so. I think if Coburn has anything, he'll probably just send you through a message. But that's pretty much us. In a nutshell, things are still ticking along. Not stagnant yet. Yeah. Still think there's better ways to maximise Millie's audience. I think we have to get really sharp on the niche and the type of young girl that we want to attract in there. Currently, based on the girls that have already joined, they're super young and they're like in that very vulnerable stage of succumbing to social pressures, they're look that It's right. that's that's at really They want to do something different from their friends, and they don't quite know how to use language yet. They're pretty self-aware, but they've got a lot of really negative.
Kyle Musca: Have you asked Millie what her demographic is for ages on her account?
Hattie Boydle: 25 to 35 is her thing.
Kyle Musca: That's not bad. Like, you know, under 21 is really where you run into a lot of price objection, but, like, 25 to 35 is pretty.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, but some of are still uni students or they're doing, like, they're in nursing or they're doing, like, yeah, they're just obviously still, like, just not making much money and live paycheck to paycheck.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And has she got any ManyChat things set up at all?
Hattie Boydle: No.
Kyle Musca: I mean, no, my... It's something Kobe might want to set up if he's, like, having to filter through a lot of them. And then he can, yeah, and then he could just filter through the more qualified leads by the tagging and stuff, which would make his life a little bit easier. He obviously still messes everyone, but then, like, at least he can kind of see, okay, these are the more serious.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, maybe voice that to him and see if he wants to do that. Like, I feel like sometimes when you get all the ManyChat things in, they just go off really randomly, and it's just, like, , like, I've still got random  going off in mine. I'm, like, where did that come from? And it's, like, double-click things as well. I'm, like, it just sends off all the messages. I'm, like, oh, my God. I go in there, I'm, like, what is happening?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, your account's weird. Usually it's pretty okay. If that's a thing as well, like, I mentioned this COVID a few weeks ago, but you could even just go in there and. It's like all the ones that you're not using, the mini chat flows, just like delete every single other one just to try and – because is it still firing where they're like there's the normal one that should be firing and then there's like an old one that we can't seem to find that fires?
Hattie Boydle: Is it the one that asked them for their age because that one's still going?
Kyle Musca: We've got the main one and then I think there's another one that like when they DM flex and COVID and I couldn't seem to find it in the account and it like – I can't remember what was asked but it wasn't – it was asking like a different thing. But anyway, that's okay.
Hattie Boydle: All right, well, I'll let you know how Monday goes with Vaughan and yeah, if COVID needs you, I'll get to reach out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Awesome. All right, well, yeah, good luck with that and then, yeah, as long as we take these like next couple of weeks. Yeah, we'll be safe.
Hattie Boydle: Awesome. Thanks, Kyle. Have a good weekend. You too. See ya. Bye. Bye.


>>> 220/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-22T05:56:08Z | id:95841046
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Meg Tovey: Hey, good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, how's the day been?
Meg Tovey: Good, busy, same old. How's yours been?
Kyle Musca: Pretty good, pretty busy so far, still pretty early here though, so yeah, still getting into it. Cool, well, we'll dive in. Did you get a chance to fill out that check-in form I sent through yesterday?
Meg Tovey: I did not see a check-in form. Did you send it on WhatsApp?
Kyle Musca: I believe so.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, it's, uh, no. I've got one tick. So have you added me back as a contact on WhatsApp?
Meg Tovey: I'm so retarded with WhatsApp. No, I have not. How do I do that? Contact info?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you just click on my name at the top and then you scroll down, it should say added contact.
Meg Tovey: Wait, let me try and do it on my phone because I don't think it's working on my...
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, you can't do it on the laptop, which is annoying.
Meg Tovey: I can't see. Add contact. Create new contact.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's the one.
Meg Tovey: Got it. Okay. Why does it not send through? Yeah. Like you can't send...
Kyle Musca: So that was a broadcast message. So I think if you're... If you send a broadcast message and the person has an ad, do the contact, then it doesn't send through.
Meg Tovey: I don't even know what a broadcast is.
Kyle Musca: Oh, it's like one message that goes to like multiple people.
Meg Tovey: Oh, right. Yeah, right, right, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. We'll start filling out those moving forward. That's just sort of like sort of base level data just so we can get a good idea of where we're at.
Meg Tovey: But I guess how is... got my data if you need it, like written down. Like calls booked, inquiries, blah, blah, blah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, we'll dive into that. How's this week gone like as a general overview so far?
Meg Tovey: I feel like in the last week there's been definitely more calls booked. I think the problem that I see, and I could be wrong, but is they're not coming into the call. Like they're  cold when they're coming into the call. And so... so... I don't know if there's any way to, like, I just tweaked the script again, like, 30 minutes ago to make sure that they watch my video because the ones I noticed that haven't converted also haven't watched the video. Not that that's going to be, like, a decider, but I think, like, yeah, the fact that they literally have no  idea who I am is a barrier. Yeah. And I'm looking at Tommy on Friday.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So the call to sales, they're going to be more difficult, as we've sort of discussed. So the call with Tommy will definitely help. And it's really just about trying to draw as much emotion out of them as possible. And that's, like, getting used to script and everything and, like, learning key things about it. And you know you've done it right. Like, I've had middle-aged guys basically crying on the phone before. So, like, if you can get them into a really emotional state, then, like, that's... It's how we need them to be. When you say cold, like what do you mean by that in terms of, because technical cold is like they don't know they have an issue. They don't know how to solve it. Do they like obviously assume they know that they have an issue and everything like that?
Meg Tovey: Do you mean they just don't know who you are very much or? Like no brand awareness or anything like that.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: Also, like, for example, and I can go over this with Tommy, but one of the ones yesterday who didn't sign on, like, she was so emotional on the call and I followed your exact script because I was like, I'm going to follow your script so that there's no variables. And, yeah, she's still like at the end, like, you would actually die watching how long I was like, like, trying, like, I was working  hard to get this chick at the end. It was 15 minutes of back and forth after the end of the script. Like, yeah. So I don't know. But I can go through it with him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I found one just – did you record those calls?
Meg Tovey: That one, yeah. Yeah, perfect. I mean, I record all of them. was just that other one that I told you about that was on FaceTime.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So realistically, especially with the calls, was like expect to objection to handle. A lot of these people – and just keep in mind that like a lot of these people have gotten to the position that they're in because their inability to make good decisions. And really, I find objection handling is like about breaking that belief and getting them to come to that realization as well. Now, with objection handling, you can't – or with the sales process in general, you can't ever just tell them straight up that because they'll just get offensive. So it's just about like continuously asking questions to get them to that point. But it's about – the few main things is obviously just reframing back to the value of the program, getting them to Realize that the decisions that they've made is why they're there, and they can't continue to keep making those same decisions. It will be uncomfortable to make a decision of change. And then I also like the identity shift of like the woman you imagine yourself to be in six months' time when she's lost, you know, 10, 20 kilos, and she's her happiest, healthiest, sexiest self. What decision do you feel like she would make in this moment? Do you feel like she would remain comfortable and, you know, nothing changes? Or do you feel like she would actually put herself out there, you know, put her money where their mouth is and, like, make this decision and commit to actually changing? So, again, that's our rejection cycling. Tommy will help you with all that stuff.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I'm interested to see what he says because, like, I definitely did all of that. I'm just obviously isolating this one call that I had yesterday because, like, most of the time I can get off and go, oh, I know where I went wrong. And often I'll put my transcript in the chat and, like. Like, study it. But that one I was stumped because she was like, yeah, anyway, I'll go over it with him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sometimes you'll just get that. Like, Ian, the annoying thing about fitness is you're just dealing with people who have strictly path mindsets.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, what we can do in terms of brand awareness is we can run, like, an ad, basically just retargeting, you know, messages. Or if you really want to refine them, we could look at, I mean, this is going be a little bit harder unless we run a pixel through Calendly or whatever you use. But it's, like, super affordable. Like, you can do, like, $2 a day type thing because it's just exact numbers. And we can do, like, an audience of anyone who's messaged you in the last, like, three to five to seven days. And we can just, like, choose your, you know, any videos that you kind of want to build that brand awareness.
Meg Tovey: This would be the wrong page. Jump to the MPC Coat Coaching page.
Kyle Musca: Which one are we running ads through this one?
Meg Tovey: This one, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. So, yeah, it'll be videos that we could use on this. So, I mean, like, even stuff like this. Yeah. Transformation stuff, that would work well.
Meg Tovey: Do you have any testimonial videos or anything? Heaps. That top, go to the top. Yeah, there's heaps.
Kyle Musca: This one?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Like, there's, like, I probably have 30 of those.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. If you have that, then I reckon try and put them in a Google Drive, because, like, for me, for example.
Meg Tovey: They're in our shared drive.
Kyle Musca: I'll share it with you. Oh, jeez. Yeah. So, for me, for example, I have, like, this retargeting one. It's only $2 per ad set. And we can cut that down a little bit. You don't have to spend that much. But, basically, this just retargets anyone that's messaged you and just starts putting that content in front of them. So, if they're, like, booked in And all of a sudden, they're just seeing all these different transformations and testimonials of how great you are. It obviously just gives you that brand awareness and that authority leading into the call.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I'm definitely keen to do that.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So beautiful. I'll create that. again, I'll just do $2 a day.
Meg Tovey: It doesn't have to be anything too crazy at all.
Kyle Musca: We won't do $2 a day for 30 of them.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I'll put the best ones in the AdVideos folder after this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. And then how are they in terms of like what kind of video are they? Just going to check.
Meg Tovey: That one's like a montage of multiple, so probably not the best one. But there's a lot that look like that. And then there's new ones. They're probably the best ones, yeah, that look like that.
Kyle Musca: But it's just going to change your world. Like there's nothing better. That they're being part of this community. I can't even imagine going back to any of my old habits. And for anyone who's wondering whether or not to sign up, I would just say do it. It's honestly the best thing. Being surrounded by women on the same jet. I really like this. The only thing I would be concerned about is the fact that there's no real branding or anything to show that it's you to a cold audience. Yeah, yeah. Nears me, but at different stages is just so inspiring because I can remember where I was, but I can also see where I'm going. What I would say to someone if they were thinking about joining is just give it a go. It's changed my life for the better. Just trust the process. For someone who's on the fence about signing up, don't beat us, do it. I was able to do step by step and continue my journey with ease and lots of compassion. I would say to someone who's on the fence is have a look at the community that make and the trainers have created. Yeah. So that's, that's good. That's exactly what we're on. It just, if we can get that like branded or, um, Just like a logo or? You could do that. Or, I mean, you could even do like a quick five second, like talking one that you just add on to the, to the front and be like, um, you know, I've helped hundreds of women's transform, women transform their life, but don't take my word for it.
Meg Tovey: Here's what they had to say.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. Something similar like that doesn't have to be too crazy. And I would keep that really short. Like, you don't want to be like talking much at all. Yeah. Yeah. So if you've got heaps of them, we could definitely do that. The other thing we could also do is like, um, if you have any good, like educational type videos, like, even this one did well. I don't know why it took me 25 years to realize this, but you can actually use Chile.
Meg Tovey: Who collabs one a week from her like cooking page.
Kyle Musca: Is there any that you, do you do mainly? You're talking ones and your stuff, do you?
Meg Tovey: I don't really do any of the content anymore for this page. Lauren does like 95% of it. I've got it ages ago though. Like if I scroll heaps far down before Lauren started doing it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, how far are we going here?
Meg Tovey: Like far. Because any that I've done recently haven't really done well because I don't really do them anymore.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I reckon we just start with the testimonials because social proof is the most powerful at that point. And realistically, like what they should do is they should jump onto your page and like come start checking things out. Yeah. Yeah, because the only other thing is. What does your onboarding video, I mean, not your onboarding video, your prequel video look like? Do you have it?
Meg Tovey: Yep. Let me link it to you.
Kyle Musca: I'm worried I will fail. This is the most common thing I hear on new discovery calls. And I say the exact same thing every single time. You can't fail because that is the whole purpose behind our VIP coaching. Instead of just giving you a plan and telling you to stick to it, we work. The only other thing I could see possibly being an issue here is they're cold because you're not actually on this at all. So, like, it would kind of be no different from them just jumping on with a closer.
Meg Tovey: You know what mean? So how do you get around that barrier with a closer, though?
Kyle Musca: Because you've got closers, right? Yeah. Yeah. So for me, it's, you know, at the end of the day, like, whoever's the front of the company is always going to be the most, you know...
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I know what you mean, like authoritative. Yeah, so I mean what I would do here is, you know, probably make a video, we'll have a look at your prequel video, oh, you share that, cool.
Meg Tovey: I'm also, this is so , but you'll get it. I have just started a cut for the first time in like three years, so I'm happy to film more content in a couple of weeks. Yeah, yeah. If we need it.
Kyle Musca: So this is where you send them, when they're booking a call?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Hello, my love, I'm so excited that you have booked this consult with me. This is a huge step towards finally breaking free from the cycle of dieting and frustration, and as long as you are open to change, this could quite literally be one of the best decisions you have ever made. Some quick housekeeping, you should have received a confirmation in your email and calendar, so make sure you set yourself a reminder so that you don't miss. We actually only take on four new clients each month because despite what you see on social media, we are just an intimate team of coaches and we do really want to maintain our truly one-on-one service for all of our clients. And this call is also your chance to see if we're the right fit for you to help you transform your body and mindset for life so that you don't have to go through all of this again. So please show up ready to be present. This is important and we want to give it the attention that it deserves. What we're going to cover on this call is firstly, where you're at right now and what's holding you back. Secondly, what a real sustainable plan looks like for you. And thirdly, if we are the right fit, we'll share exactly how we can help you. But most importantly, like I said, this call is about you. This is your opportunity to get clarity on what's truly stopping you from seeing results. And how to finally create a long-term transformation. Now, unfortunately, the fitness industry is a huge money grab designed to profit from people's failures. So what I want you to understand is that diets don't work. Clean eating, keto, detoxes, weight watches, mirror replacement shakes, they are all purely based on restrictions, which is not sustainable. Because if it was, you wouldn't have to keep going back to it every few months. All of those diets work temporarily because they restrict your calories so dramatically. But then those restrictions lead you to wanting those things more. So yeah, short-term, get a quick fix. But long-term, know, 6-12 months later, you're in an even worse position than when you started. And I'm sure watching this, you've probably been through this phase of losing it and then not being able to keep it off. I have been in your exact shoes. So I'm not here to... Just make a quick buck. I'm truly  passionate about helping you break that cycle for good. So we are going to ditch the diets and create a plan that helps you heal your relationship with food, lose fat, feel incredible, and actually keep your results long-term. You're not going to have to follow some boring, unrealistic meal plan. You won't have to cut out carbs, alcohol, social events. You won't have to spend hours in the gym. Instead, I'm going to show you how to integrate your health and fitness goals into your life in a way that actually works for you. You'll be able to eat what you love and stay on track even on your busiest weeks. So you no longer feel like you're constantly starting over every Monday. Now, let's address the elephant in the room. I know investing in yourself can feel like a big decision. And so here's what I want you to ask yourself. What's the price of not- What's Doing this. The price of facing the same struggles over and over again because nothing truly changes. The price of all the quick fixes that don't last. The price of not feeling confident in your own skin. The price of constantly battling anxiety around food and your body. The price of your destructive habits that ripple into all the other areas of your life. And the price of waking up exhausted, unmotivated, and unhappy. And let's not forget, time is also money. Every month, every year spent in this cycle is time you're never going to get back. We've even had dozens of clients not just transform their bodies, but actually start earning more money because of the impact that this journey has had on every other area of their life. We've had clients get promotions or they've grown their businesses or... So what I would potentially here do is... One, with this at the very start, just say, like, you know, I'm Meg, I'm the owner here. You'll be speaking with me directly so we can map out a plan that will, like, make it very clear that you're the owner and you're not just sort of a salesperson, essentially. The other thing I like how you sort of reinforced the show up, right, like make sure you show up on time. You know, this is important. Make sure we do it right. What I would probably change is where you're starting to talk about now the investment and everything like that, which is understandable. I would try and, like, probably cut that out completely because, again, you're trying to, like, you're then redrawing their, you know, attention to the fact that this is going to cost money, which obviously it is. But we just don't want them going into the call heavy-headed on that. But I would, what I do in mine is one kind of, like, again, you've set up the full VSL and everything like that, which is fantastic. When I do mine, just did a loop. We do, to be honest. And I do two. One is to reinforce the shock, right? And then the second one, which I've only added recently, is to actually, like, show them what they get in the inside. Because I found, like, you know, when I was speaking to people, was very hard for me to portray, you know, what they're actually going to get. Because, like, a customer nutrition plan sounds fantastic, but, like, there's no different, like, what does that actually mean? Is that just, like, you know, writing on an Excel spreadsheet? Or, you know, when it's something like mine, it's a full custom-built app, and it looks fantastic. So I want to see them. I want to show them the actual look of it. So I've got two. One is this one. And I've got this template, if you want to film it. That is Callie.
Meg Tovey: That is not the right one. It's only on a VSL, too, because I used to have a two-step funnel. So that's the same page that it goes to.
Kyle Musca: But I can do whatever. Like, I can change it. Yeah, this one's probably a bit easier. The main thing we want to do here, and that's the other thing I was going to say on your one, is... It's trying to push more social proof.
Meg Tovey: I thinking that as I was watching it. I was like, , there's none. I think because I was thinking this whole time because I've got another VSL from the two-step funnel and it starts with testimonials. Like, it's exactly what you just said before about, like, don't just take it from me. And then there's, like, a minute or a minute and a half of testimonials. So maybe I need to – or I was like, with this – sorry.
Kyle Musca: Well, you go.
Meg Tovey: Because if you scroll down, there's heaps.
Kyle Musca: So I was like, do I just bring them up? Yeah. I would – because this is – Yeah. Yeah, so this is an FAQ. I would probably condense this into something smaller, like, at the bottom. We want, yeah, headline, made a subtitle, which is great, VSL, which is great. And then I would just, like, flood it with social proof because, like, I wouldn't notice this if I was on this page. I would just see this and then click off because this is already, like, an alternate video. And then – Yeah. Scroll down, but this is like, this is like the juice, because if they start watching through this, and they start saying, I didn't want free to control my life anymore. Seeing all these girls saying how great it is. Yeah. And then all this stuff as well. All that, like, this is like, if I saw this, I'd be like, holy . Yeah. Okay. So mine is like, simple in terms of. All what's going on, lad? So you've looked at a call, you've taken the very first step in becoming the happiest, healthiest, strongest version of yourself.
Meg Tovey: I also like Loom, because it just. I know. Yeah, I was just thinking, , I'm talking slow.
Kyle Musca: In short, two, three minute long video, I'm going run you through exactly what to expect on the call, everything you need to be prepared in order to make it as valid as possible. I'm going to run you through the back end of the system very quickly, so you can actually get a bit of insight on how we do things. And lastly, I'm going to give you a resource that is going to make the call literally 10 times more goals. So make sure you stick all the way through to the end. With that being said, start right in. Now, step number one. Resource. just make sure you're back in your shop. right.
Meg Tovey: Shut What's the resource?
Kyle Musca: It's just like an e-book.
Meg Tovey: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I just say it's 100. $99, but they get it for free for the shop. Yeah. All the time, and we're going be jumping on the Zoom call or the Google Meet call at the time schedule. Your time is available, so is mine and my team's. At the end of the day, we do block out that entire hour specifically just for you, and we do do preparation to make sure that we're not just, you know, rocking up empty-handed.
Meg Tovey: So, yeah, I'm trying to push up the value of the call.
Kyle Musca: Like, we actually put work into it.
Meg Tovey: But I'll get this script from you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I've got this template on camera. I didn't really do a script, to be honest. So I just, like, just, I'll send you the video so you can, like, watch it. Yeah. Yeah. And then what I would also say when you do yours, just because we'll probably do that VSL page is great, I would say also at some point at least, like if, you know, if you need more proof, like the proof's in the pudding, scroll down and see all the girls that come through the team, like what a couple of girls, because you want to direct their attention to that. We're going to to waste our time massively, and it's kind of like booking in a meeting or showing up to a job site, and the other guy just doesn't show up. So make sure you respect our time as we respect your time, and just show up before. The other thing on that as well is make sure you actually make this a priority. Like if you can't show up to the very first step in order to actually map this out and get to the root of what you're struggling with, then I guarantee you're going to struggle with everything else. You're going to struggle with getting to the gym, following your meal plan, following your structure, and if, you know, I took a wild guess, you probably struggle massively with accountability. So make sure you actually prioritize it to get to the root, and then you can have a game plan moving forward on what you need to fix. more questions you ask, the better, and be ready to actually take on board the advice that we can give. Now, step number 1.3, guess you call it. If you can't make it, I get it, life happens, just let us know. We need to reschedule or whatever because something's come up, you've called out to work. Whatever the case may be, just make sure to let us know. Now, in saying that, you we get at least one guy a day saying that there's an emergency that's popped up last minute or something, you crazy ridiculous that happens once in a lifetime has popped up, right? So if something happens, just be honest. If you're too lazy to show up and it's not a priority, just be honest, right? Take it head first, be honest with us. We only want to work with guys that actually want to help themselves. Now, a special thank you just for showing up, all we need to do is drop the keyword bonus on the call and we're going send you our ultimate guide to optimize my body module, usually valued at $199, but we can give it away absolutely free. So just by showing up, we can give you all the information that you need on how to optimize your audience performance to get the best results. Now, step number two, be ready to take action. And the reason I say this is because success loves to speak. I speak to so many guys all the time, we're constantly sitting on the bench, we've been thinking about it for months and even years, and the only reason that they haven't succeeded is because they've never taken action. The longer you sit and think about it, the less likely it ever comes into fruition. So be ready to take a If you have to speak to any decision makers besides yourself before the call, be ready to invest in your health. Make sure you have those conversations. And if you've got to ask your wife, whatever the case may be, make sure. You have this chat with her, and make sure she understands why you're actually getting it before, because it's very hard for someone else to understand the problems you're dealing with if you haven't properly expressed them, right? So this goes far beyond just losing a couple of kilos. You if it's affecting your mental health, if you're feeling a bit insecure, you don't like a man looking in the mirror, make sure you express that, because those are the things that we're ultimately going to change. Yes, losing, you know, 5, 10, 20 plus kilos is great, but the lifestyle shift and the benefits that you're actually going to by the end of it far, far outweighs both physically and mentally, so make sure that they really understand why you're jumping on it as well. Now, if we do decide that we're both a good thing for each other, and that we can actually help you get to the best physical shape of your life, we would like to set things up on the call, just so we can get you started, get you up and running as soon as possible. Again, success, love speed. The longer we push things out, the less likely it's going to happen. Now, step number three, make sure you're just open to feedback. On the call, we're to be taking a deep dive into your biggest struggles, your health and fitness, your ultimate goals, and then we're going to build a game plan on the call for the next few months, right? So if you're very uptight, you're very sort of, I guess, reserved, and you're not willing to share, you what you're struggling with and your ultimate dream outcomes, it's going to be very hard for us to actually map things out. So be ready to actually, you know, I guess in a way it'll be a little bit vulnerable because at the end of the day, we're here to help you. And make sure you actually like think about things leading up the call as into why you actually want to get this change happen. Then, if it makes sense for both of us, we'll extend you an invitation to join our coaching program. Now, we've helped thousands of different guys get in the best physical and mental shape of their life, and there is no reason that you can't be next. If you're ready to prioritize it, at the end of the day, you vote with your time, energy, and your resources to stay for the person you want to become to mind. So if you're ready to prioritize it, you're ready to trust the process, there is no reason why you can't be next. So that's that one. Yeah. And then I'll just break it into a second one. I won't watch this one. I'll play this one all the way through. But there's basically... Now, I also want to run you through what the actual app looks like, just so you can get a little bit of an understanding. Oh, would look like if we actually decided to take that next step and move on. So this is the web version. I don't know, like, show the meal plans. But it's for the right calories. Now, as you can see, we don't just do bland-boring chicken rice properly. We have nutritionists that will build out these meal plans specifically for your goals. As you can see, we do give you all the calories and macros and targets for you to hit.
Meg Tovey: What would the... Like, because our aesthetic is this. Like, we're using train rice. And we don't use the food feed. Like we do our own, if we do meal plans, which is rare, more so now that we're working with more mums, but like obviously there's still an app and stuff, but I don't know, is it still worthwhile doing something like this?
Kyle Musca: I would show you the key benefits of it. Yeah. Like if it looks, because really people just want to see the structure and everything like that.
Meg Tovey: Like, you know what mean?
Kyle Musca: And I guess you can always, you know, add in the other things. Like what I didn't add into this is like all the check-ins and the communication and all that stuff with it. So, I mean, you could, I mean, if you wanted to, you could potentially even create something kind of similar to this where it's a presentation and you also have screenshots of the app and like what's included and everything like that. Yeah. again, you don't really want to get bogged down into the features on the call, but you do want them to see that. So they say like when you discuss, you know, how you can have structure, they already know what that actually kind of looks like.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that one's not like as. Essential kind of thing that I thought, you know, definitely worth having in there. But, yeah, I would definitely, you know, even re-record that with that template, but then really try and point down below to the, and then change the stuff around, point down below, check out the testimonials.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Well, yeah, definitely. Yours is way better. So if you send me the video, I can pull the transcript and then adapt it, women.
Kyle Musca: Perfect.
Meg Tovey: And then...
Kyle Musca: Also, mine's so  long, I was getting bored of my own voice. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah, cool. So, yeah, with that stuff, I find it's better just to do, like, looms, because the VSL, like, by the time you put it through and edit and everything like that with the camera, I'm just like, nah,  that.
Meg Tovey: Oh, just need a trick, like a teleprompter app, so it's like one take.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I just like, with the presentations, I just ... Just speak. It probably takes me, like, two or three times to... Into the rhythm of it, but then once I'm good, I'm good. can just power through it. Yeah, just flood social proof and then explain key things of just showing up time. For me, for example, you'll notice I said I get at least one guy that says he's got emergencies that pops up kind of thing. If you notice that you get a lot of annoying recurrences, just confront it, but don't spend too much time at the same time. Don't really dwell on it. And then in this, I try and avoid finances. The only thing I'll say is be ready to actually make the investment there and then, but I wouldn't come back to finances after that at all.
Meg Tovey: Would you still say that for my demographic? I just wonder if it would put them off from coming to the call thinking that they're going to have to make a decision on the call?
Kyle Musca: I would say maybe change the way you word it. You know, like, you know, speak to your boyfriend, your partner, your husband or hubby. would say. Thank About, like, why you're actually, like, struggling with these issues. I speak with so many women who, you know, have been, like, kind of internalizing this because they don't, you know, they feel a bit silly or whatever. And their partners really don't actually understand the effect that it's happening on them. So just make sure that they're aware, you know, I've kind of framed it for, like, make sure your partner knows that you're actually, that he's aware of the problems that you're actually struggling with. Otherwise, he's not going to see a reason for you to do it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yeah, okay, perfect. So it's not, like, specifically to the financial investment, but more so, like, to do the program.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Because, like, at the end of the day, like, I feel like most, you know, husbands and boyfriends and all that stuff aren't really going to, one, either care or be non-supportive of a, you know, your partner.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, when you were saying, like, get them on a follow-up call, I was like, they don't give a . Yeah. They just don't get budget conscious.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, that's the problem is, like... So one, they don't give a  and they don't see the value in the program. So it's like when this girl goes and sees the husband, like, oh, I want to do this health and fitness program, $2,000, $3,000. Guys are like, no, like, because he's not doing it. He's not getting any benefit out of it. And that's like, when you get the, need to speak to my partner objection, it is like a smokescreen objection because it's like, it's kind of like, I need to think about it. It's like, that's not really an objection that you can overcome because it's like, what is their total problem? Um, so even, even that it's kind of hard, um, cause you don't want to come across too pushy, but the way I would do it is like, look, you know, at the end of the day, I have spoken to a lot of women who, you know, have gone and asked their partners and their partners don't see the value because at the end of the day, like, they're not directly getting anything out of it. It's not their body. It's not their lives. It's not their insecurities that they're dealing with. Um, and then, you know, six months go down, a year goes down, uh, the line and the, the, you're still dealing with the exact same struggles and issues. And who do you think you're going to start to blame when those things get even worse and worse and worse? And you reflect back on. Why you didn't make a change when you could, do you think you're going to start to blame you or do you think, you know, potentially start to blame your partner? And then the other thing is like, you know, you can't be and show up as your best self when you're not feeling your best self. So it's like, it's not going to directly impact him, but like, do you feel like he's, you know, your relationship together is actually going to be better and more like have better longevity when you're actually prioritizing yourself? Yeah. All those types of things. Like it's, it is a tricky one. It's usually a financial thing. Um, that's what I was saying with the urgency as well. Um, that's probably the other thing I wanted to speak about because you only have one main package, don't you?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. But yesterday when I followed your script, I did the whole like 10K thing for that top package. Um, and like, yeah, that was a , just a hard one because like I got, I, um, I think with her, I kind of like, cause we were going, I was trying to like probe about the partner thing. And yeah. And like, And I must have said something along the lines of, like, I have a lot of these conversations and a lot of the time, like, you know, they say it's about their partner or whatever, they need to speak to their partner, but it's actually that they're scared of doing, like, that they're not going to be able to follow through or whatever. And she, like, fully agreed that that was a thing. And then she, to be fair, she was, like, and it was, like, a little bit of a weird situation. But, yeah, I didn't really know. She just literally, she was, like, agreeing with me, but still not going to take action. And then I tried to, like, say, I can't remember fully, but I was, like, saying something along the lines of it's, like, kind of my responsibility as a coach to, like, call you out on patterns that have held you back in the past, blah, blah, blah, blah. And she still was, like, yeah, she was, like, yeah, like, she would fully understand what I'm saying, but still be, she was still just  scared.
Kyle Musca: said. I
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I guess with the objection cycling, we have to like start putting a bit more pressure onto her, like in terms of, you know, like you've just said that you, you know, you basically agree with everything that I'm saying, but you're kind of like, it seems like you're not really willing just to take that leap of faith and take that extra step. And I guess like, what, how do you feel like if you're never willing to take this next step, how do you ever expect to change? And then you just ask them like that directly. And they were like, well, I don't know. I'm like, no, tell me, like, how do you actually expect to change? And like, you have to draw that answer out of them because the only logical answer is, well, I have to change.
Meg Tovey: So like, no, Yeah, she literally just kept saying like, she was like, I'll just keep repeating this because she was saying all the best things that you would want to hear on a call of like, she's tried losing weight three, four times before and gained the weight back plus more. Like, yeah. But what was the urgency thing you were going to say? Because I definitely don't have that in anywhere.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the urgency being.
Meg Tovey: I don't know how you could, like, the, I even used the guarantee, which I've never done before, and I was like, after the call, was mind-boggled how someone could have that much pain and have a  guarantee plus $500 and still not take action.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just a fear-based objection. That's not a logistics-based objection.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: So the Platinum Package is the anchor. We don't try and sell that. I would probably, like, sit down and, like, look at how you can include these different packages, because these are just really good ways to objection cycle and continue, like, basically going back and forth to work towards a solution until they say yes. And because you're doing that, like, they get into, you know, much more mindset of, like, oh, she's helped me, now I need to help her, like, let's move forward with it. Plus, too, for the majority of it, you'll be charging more than what you're currently charging. So this is my Emerald High Ticket Package, you know, for six months, $55,000, right? 5K. With this... And then, again, this is where you'd sit down with your coaches and, like, map out what extras you can give them, but you also pay your coaches extra. Theoretically, I know they're on an employee-type payroll side of it. I mean, you might not even need to do that. They'll just have to do an extra little bit of work with the client, and you'd profit more. Gold package is the call package. This is $3,500 for six months, right? So this is, like, calls, check-ins, and stuff. So, again, just improving accountability, communication. This is the main one that we're trying to sell. So this is the one you're currently trying to sell, right? And then if they get to the point where, like, I need to ask my husband to make sure that it fits in, like, okay, cool. And do you feel like it's just a finance, like, objection handle a little bit? Yes. You understood that it's a finance problem, which it usually is. Cool. So, mean, and then this is where I'll bring out the silver package, the downside, right? Yeah, I probably shouldn't be doing this because it is technically full, right? But if it's really just finances holding you back, I do have... The silver package. Now, you know, it's still a great program and everything like that. It's just like a slight step down in terms of accountability communication, right? And that would bring it from $3,500 right down to $2,500. Would that be a little bit more reasonable for you? Yes. Okay, cool. Did you want to move forward with that? I still have to speak to my health. Okay, that's no stress at all. As I mentioned, like this money is technically full. And, you know, basically how this typically works is I'll jump on a call with someone like we are right now, and they'll just take it. They'll the spot that's going to open up. So, sorry, I say technically full. I think I have someone finishing mid to early next week that you can take that spot. So, basically what happens is I'll get on a call like this, and, you know, someone will just jump on that spot. To be honest, the likelihood that there is going to be an open spot is pretty slim because I rarely ever see it open, right? So, by all means, you can go speak to your husband, but I can pretty much guarantee you that this won't be an option.
Meg Tovey: And if it is finances, then. Unfortunately, it's probably just not going to work out. Okay. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: You've got to be in the mindset. It's like if they get off the call, 99% of the time, they will never come back. I think in all my time of doing the calls, I think it's like I've only ever had like two or three people say, I'll think about it and actually come back and continue.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, tried a different thing, but I tried to increase the urgency by waiving the onboarding fee. Oh, I said it kind of differently because I tried to sell, like I pitched the $3,500. So, I said, I can't remember exactly how I worded it, but like brought the first payment down to like what the rest of the payments would be if she decided on the call and she still was like, oh, I'll talk to my husband. And then, yeah, I said, well, okay, I'll give you till end of day. You come back to me tonight. And then she actually did.
Kyle Musca: She came back to me. Hang on, I'm not going to be to do it. Yeah. So, yeah, this is just where the urgency works. I'd say there's two spots open for the gold, two spots open for that, and there's one spot open for the emeralds.
Meg Tovey: But we're really trying to sell the exclusivity with the emerald. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Smaller group, more communication. I run through education of series. map out there entire week, yada, yada, yada.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, how would the gold look for us? Like, for context, we do fortnightly check-ins, 24-7 communication. Everything else is literally the same.
Kyle Musca: I would ask. So, for me, gold is weekly check-in calls, 24-7 text and call communication. Smaller group of people make sure that they, you know, not get extra priority. You don't want ever say, like, you're going to get less priority by being in the best package. But, like, smaller groups, so they get attention, they feel like they, like, you know, the attention that they need. Which, Usually it leads to a little bit more advanced programming. So then you could do, I mean, for gold, could do weekly calls or, you know, silver, you could even do check-ins. Or for silver, could do fortnightly check-ins.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay. Because, yeah, we do fortnightly check-ins, but we give them an option to do calls or the questions. Yeah. So should I make do the lower one as, like, no calls or something? Like, should I say that the platinum, whatever the  middle one is, should I say that that's calls, fortnightly calls? And then if I have to downgrade, should I say it's not calls? don't know. That doesn't sound very good, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So for gold package, it's fortnightly check-in calls. That's where we sit down with you, like, run over everything, break down your week into, take a deep dive into your week as a whole, show you where you've done well, we need to improve, any adjustments we need to make, and how you can execute better, just to make sure you are progressing as quickly as possible at the rate we think you're capable of. And if not, That's what we need to adjust in order to give you that. So a slight set down in terms of accountability and Instead of weekly checking calls, would just be a fortnightly checking call. It'd be a fortnightly checking video. And then it's text communication.
Meg Tovey: And it's like a slightly wider group. We take on a slightly, like, a few more people for that package. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then Platinum for you, Emerald for you, that might be, like, even weekly checking calls. So Emerald for me is weekly checking calls. And then I do a second weekly strategy call where they get their entire week mapped out on a calendar so they know exactly when they're, like, hour by hour, so they know when they're training, when they're eating, when they're sleeping, when they're working, everything like that. So I don't have to think about anything. And you also run through an educational series one-to-one with your coach so you can actually, like, practically apply those things into your life.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Cool.
Kyle Musca: But, again, you can, like, afford to offer those extra qualities because you're charging, obviously, more.
Meg Tovey: Cool. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, like we kind of, think I need to refine the offers because we kind of do all of that, but we're charging to the one. It's like, it's like the one option. it's kind of like whether the client takes it all up or not. So maybe I'll just need to create one more offer in between.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so there's just a ton of biopsychology, like stuff, like stuffed into this from the close. So I'm just pricing, we're not trying to sell Emerald. We're still price anchoring, but we're trying to capture the top 20% of people that will pay five times more. If not, no worries, we've got the gold. This is our core offer of what we're trying to sell. We've already price anchored twice and we've worked towards a bit of a solution, get them in, more likely to take it. No stress. Obviously, we guarantee after the main offer, we're trying to pitch. And then the silver package is the downsell urgency driven.
Meg Tovey: There's no spots available for this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yes. I do have a silver package, which is technically full, but I think I have someone finishing them in next week. So I could slowly undertake that spot.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, and then we're not waiving any, like, onboarding fees or anything like that. Because you've got to keep in mind, when you waive certain things, there needs to be a reason for why you're doing it. Like, when you drop price, anything like that. Because if you just say, like, oh, if you join today, I'll waive this onboarding fee, they kind of think, well, why the  didn't you offer me that at the start? You know what mean? Like, kind of lose a bit of trust. You have to take things away. That's what I like about this. It's like, okay, we're taking away checking calls and X, Y, Z, and that justifies us to bring it down to 2,500.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, and I'm going to say the testimonial at week 12, if we do a good job, which we don't Yeah, it's not like you tell all your friends, you give me a testimonial, then I'll drop.
Kyle Musca: Don't tell anyone else about that because they don't to do it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, definitely can review the offers.
Kyle Musca: And then the other thing is with the ads. So just to explain what happened there. So I've got this new campaign set up, which is more job interest focused. That's already very, very early days. So, you know, I'm not going to base on this hill. But it's already seemed to bring through decent cost per message and cost per lead. Still, again, basically nothing spent. And then with this one, so this was the, I don't know if you read my message, but this was the original one that you had running. And that was just because the trigger word on that wasn't added to ManyChat because I was like, it was saying $10 cost per message, but no lead. And I was like, was it's that Put it in there. But then if you just drop that back to three days, it might even be less than that.
Meg Tovey: right. I was on the month of October.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I got you. Sorry about that. Yeah. No, that's all good. And then same thing with this one. Like this one was a higher cost per lead. Then if you click into the ad set, it was just mainly that one that had spent all the money on. Yeah. So I switched that one off to keep that one running. That didn't really pull through because that would have been at least $47 cost per lead. So I just turned that off completely. To run with the job title one. With the job title one. Oh, yeah.
Meg Tovey: What were you saying, sir? I think I was going to say what you were about to tell me.
Kyle Musca: What did you do for the targeting? Yeah. So for the targeting, I still like to keep it nice and broad and leave it up with the algorithm. But all like mid to high earning jobs. So it's like, you know, communications manager, contract manager, copywriters, medical billing. Like jobs that should earn decent income. Yeah. Obviously in chronological order. Order, like data analysis, event planner, family nurse practitioner, graphic designers, lawyers, mechanics, even if you can email mechanics or design engineer, I guess.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I've got a couple of those clients, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, cool. Real estate, know, people that, we don't want to like get too crazy in terms of just cutting off the top, like 5% of people only. want just people that have some sort of stable income.
Meg Tovey: Can we change the age to 30 to 40? Or like 26 to 40 or something? Like 30, I think 30 to 40, because I think some of the ads say 30. Do they? I don't know. Just because women over 40, I don't know if you work with any of them, but they're so  stuck in their ways.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Women over 40, kind of have to start getting into like more coming at it from a hormone perspective. Yeah. It's more of a, yeah. So Metapause Management rather than just Weight Loss. It is Weight Loss, but it's Weight Loss through Metapause. So the other thing I think we should do is we should probably start looking at getting some video ads done now that we've gotten the graphics up and running and we're starting to test them properly usually because like graphics will usually pull in pretty like cheap leads just to get the ball rolling and everything like that and more volume but the video ads will usually bring in slightly more expensive leads and everything but usually higher quality with higher intent yeah okay so completely up to whether or not you or your coaches want to do that either one. So.
Meg Tovey: So. So. Do you think it would be better for me to do it?
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's not really, like, essential with yours because yours is more like a branded company. It's not like personal branding where you're the face of it. Especially, to be honest, like, with your coaches doing it all over the social media and stuff, like, it's probably almost worth them doing it because that's what people are going to see when they get onto the actual page.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, they can either do it themselves. I mean, you can help them however you guys do it. Otherwise, I've got a videographer on the golf course that will, or, you know, Bourne as well. So, he can help with all that stuff.
Meg Tovey: My coach, my head coach is in Wollongong, unfortunately. But no, I can get someone down there anyway to do some proper videos.
Kyle Musca: It doesn't have to be crazy. The idea that we want is that we don't want it to look like an ad. So, kind of, sometimes just filming off the phone. Yeah. You know, how she probably already does now can be the way to go.
Meg Tovey: Like, I don't know, is it this girl or this girl? The one you're on right now. Yeah, the one's not really in much content.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you know, me.
Meg Tovey: It's not her.
Kyle Musca: Oh. They do one real quick because she also lives in Wollongong. So they, yeah, there's only one real quick with her in it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, so, I mean, just even setting up the... You know, low-carb, it works. Conor even works. Even intermittent fasting works. The reason why all these diets... Even setting up like that, would just maybe ask for better lighting, but setting up the phone and then, it doesn't have to be anything crazy.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. So, yeah, I can get some scripts on that. And then, you know, we'll start playing around with some videos, I reckon. And then I've got the editor as well, if you need an editor. Or, again, that... Editing's fine.
Meg Tovey: Cool. Okay.
Kyle Musca: If you love a little bit of takeaway, but you're trying to be an extra bit healthier, I have got you covered with this super-inspired best book. I've made it. The other thing I would get her to start doing, especially because these videos clearly seem to be doing the best, is one, adding a CTA for even direct coaching. That we, you don't have to, I mean, you can't post it on this page as well. It's fine. You don't have to post it organically, but having an ad CTA saying, like, if you want, if you want to lose weight while eating recipes like this, deem the word, weight loss or recipe or whatever the case may be.
Meg Tovey: We can just use that as an ad. Yeah, I've got heaps of those in that folder too, because I was doing that before.
Kyle Musca: With the CTA?
Meg Tovey: Yep. She sent me the caption, and then I just changed the ending.
Kyle Musca: Is it in the video? She sent She It
Meg Tovey: And no, like, she sent me the video after because she posts this on her page and she doesn't want it to be anything related to coaching. Long story. But she sent – I, like, sent heaps of videos that had performed really well on her page. She sent me the video and then the caption and then I just changed the ending to have the CTA, if you want to eat this good and lose 20 to 30 kilos, blah, blah, blah. And then I was starting to run them as ads. So they wouldn't have all been run as ads, but there's heaps in the folder that I can share with you with the video and the caption.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So just to clarify, is the CTA in the video?
Meg Tovey: Oh, no, in the caption.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, I probably wouldn't necessarily run them as that just because you'll get a lot of people drop off just because they won't properly read the caption. Um. Like, they might just read that and then not, like, you just probably wouldn't get the numbers of one. I would say, like, even if she can go back and just, like, add an overlay video of, like, the actual, that doesn't want me to zoom in on, change it. But, an overlay video of the recipe itself, it's like, or whatever, overlay video, and then just overlay voiceover. If you want any recipes like this, just DM me the word, weight loss.
Meg Tovey: So keep the rest of the voiceover, or it's just, like, a short one?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so keep the video exactly how it is, but then just ask her to, like, add in a thing at the end where it's, like, a video that she would have filmed all day, and then just add the video, you know, if want any recipes like this. And then I would just get her to do that for all future ones as well. Like, she can post the organic one without the CTA, but just so you have an advert that you can actually use. Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, because you can see that. And definitely get, like, a lot more traction than, like, anything else, which nutrition ones always do.
Meg Tovey: Plus, she's got, like, 40-something thousand followers.
Kyle Musca: Oh, wow. Nice. Does she, like, collab with them, does she? Take a shot every time.
Meg Tovey: That makes sense. Only one a week. Is there something else I was going to say about that?
Kyle Musca: Cardio can actually help you make more muscle.
Meg Tovey: Can't remember. But, yeah, cool. I can definitely get her to do that.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Okay, cool. In the meantime, I'll write some scripts up, and then we'll just start filming, getting them filmed.
Meg Tovey: Amazing.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Anything else you want to cover at all?
Meg Tovey: Negative. I've got a call in five minutes, so I will prep for that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, perfect. Well, good luck with that. And, yeah, we'll just keep adding things on as we go.
Meg Tovey: Thank you so much.
Kyle Musca: I will talk to you soon. No worries. Chat soon. Bye.


>>> 221/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-22T06:58:36Z | id:95844420
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro. How you going?
jese Smith-shields: Good, brother. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good.
jese Smith-shields: How's things? Yeah, really good, actually. It's been a pretty good couple of days. I think you get 10 every time you come on these calls.
Kyle Musca: What's that, sir?
jese Smith-shields: 10? Yeah, you get 10 every time you come on these calls.
Kyle Musca: I'm going to walk outside here and I get  10.
jese Smith-shields: That's fair, bro. That's fair. No, it's been a pretty good week, actually, since we last spoke. Everything since getting sorted in to go high level was so much easier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. So you're preferring that over?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: So much better. Yeah, sick. Okay, cool, bro. Well, I guess that was a big kick-up for us. That was just like an annoying system thing. Yeah. So now we're kind of off to the races. So basically the main thing will be, I guess, getting Marina set up properly and starting to convert calls. So 19 calls taken this week out of 31 booked. So what's that? What percentage is that?
jese Smith-shields: That's not included. That 19 isn't included in the full 31. So we'll see there's still more calls booked throughout this week.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I was a little bit confused about that question in a sense.
Kyle Musca: So we'll do it from like, I guess, Wednesday to Wednesday will be our timeframes. Yes. Okay, so there's more to go then. the show-up rate will increase on that ideally. 31's book, though, was  sick. Are they majority coming from ads or where are they coming from?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, majority are from ads. Yeah. Had a few referrals. Yeah, majority are from ads.
Kyle Musca: Okay, beautiful.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, since like that's, that Monday, Tuesday was , went pretty ham.
Kyle Musca: Okay, beautiful. In terms of bookings or like calls?
jese Smith-shields: The ad just seemed to pump and we just had message after message and then Kamei was in there. And, um, she was just pumping through them really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. She said you're getting quite a fit, like her feedback to me she sent this morning, which I haven't been able to properly check out. She said you're getting like a lot of young, younger people.
jese Smith-shields: Still, still a lot of young people.
Kyle Musca: Older than 21 young or?
jese Smith-shields: Nah, still like, still like under that age bracket as well. So, like, yeah, there's still heaps coming through.
Kyle Musca: through. That's how we get this here. Oh, yeah, 34% under and then 60. It's not awful. And that will, again, with the cappy, that will refine over time a bit better.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, I wasn't too sure of that because we made those changes last time we were on when we implemented that new one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I bumped it up. I bumped it up. So the annoying thing about what happens there is, like, younger girls can, like, put their, because I had this issue as well, can put their age up quite a lot. Like, you know, 15-year-olds will say that they're 25, basically, right? And I would assume that this is probably going to happen a bit more depending on how hard they crack down on it because Australia is just, I think they've already brought it in where if you're under 16 and all that on social media. So, I assume. We're probably going to have a lot of 12-year-olds that are  35. That's where the Cappy longer term will come into play, just figuring out, because it's only sending data from the people that are older than 21. So it will go back and continue targeting the people that have more interest in that sort of interest, which is going to be like  travel and nights out with girls and whatever the  that middle, like 20-year-old women are interested in instead of Fortnite . So with 30 bookings and everything like that, with the ad spend of where it's been at, yeah, so just under $1,200 on ads with 30 bookings. So that's really good in terms of booking. And then you've had 65 leads through, so 30 bookings on that is like a really, really good percentage in terms of the quality of leads. If it's come through.
jese Smith-shields: With the bookings, so I pretty much just gathered this by the go high level. So when I went inside the calendar, it can obviously give you the way that the appointment view list.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'll get you to show your screen.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, actually, yeah, that might, that might, that booking might be a little bit wrong. Sorry, I was just , um, looked at it again. Might have  that up. Is that sharing across?
Kyle Musca: Yep.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, yeah, that's right, I've just, I went all. Oh, yours is on.
Kyle Musca: Go.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, so you can go calendar view, and then you can, like, look at the, go, can We'll talk Bye. Awesome. Bye. Bye. you. Oh, yeah. The appointment.
Kyle Musca: So this is me and Marina as well. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: So that's basically what I did. And that comes from... There was a date here. So the 22nd.
Kyle Musca: You should be able to filter. So go advanced filters. And then if you go... Yeah, date added. And then go after...
jese Smith-shields: Before day or after?
Kyle Musca: After. after. And then go a week ago. The 15th. Yeah. And then go apply. And if you... Oh, it has the numbers there.
jese Smith-shields: So you're to scroll down. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: 33, yeah. Yeah. Okay, beautiful. Now, when you go... Do you have different calendars or you just have one?
jese Smith-shields: Nah, this is just all through the free discovery call that I've got.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what I would do there is, so go on calendar settings. And then you should have, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: This is the one that we're running at for the moment, the round robin.
Kyle Musca: Yes, I would just duplicate that and then call it something different, and then color code it. So that way you can just kind of have, like, the discovery call, for example, is blue, and you know that's from ads, and then you might have a coaching call, whatever, which is green, and you know that's, like, organic or referral. You might even have green, organic, and then, like, another one, and then that's purple, and that's referral.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I've just been pretty much doing it within, so this is pretty much what I've been tracking it through.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah, beautiful. So that's good, and then I would still do The duplicate type thing, just because it'll just make it easy, especially with Marina and stuff like that. It just gets messy, but that's good. Like, that's a really good tracking there.
jese Smith-shields: So that's exactly what we want.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then when we're coming up end of month, I would just do the magic hat. So probably give it another week still, but I would just do a magic hat. then obviously just give her this list and say, make sure you don't message any of these people.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's fair. Yeah, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: That's sweet. Oh, any of the people that sold message to the people, obviously, that didn't show. Cool. And then weekly average. So 16 cash collected this week.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I did this a little bit through chat GVT. So yeah, this is basically what it came up with within, obviously, the breakdowns of the averages. So cash. Cash. Collected, nine and a half, just under 10. Monthly income, right, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, , nine grand, wait. So cash collected up front, that's from sales calls. Yeah. Okay, so that's pretty much a 10-hour ROI, which is getting very healthy. Just on cash collected, that's not even contract value.
jese Smith-shields: I'd be careful with chat GPT. Yeah, I was kind of, yeah, just because, like, sometimes it's up, down,  like this, and it can  feed the wrong numbers. Yeah, I've had Angela doing a bunch of other things, so I didn't have her time to do the CO dashboard before this course, so I just had a little bit of a play around on what I could do on this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, sick. So, I mean, that's a good indicator anyway.
Kyle Musca: Still very, very much for what we want to see. What were you sitting at, like, weekly averages before we started?
jese Smith-shields: About 13 to 14 grand.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So I'd say just off that, it's probably incorrect then.
jese Smith-shields: Just because if you've at 10 on that, you're probably looking at a 20-ish K week. Yeah. Yeah, we got pretty close to it the week prior. Probably got to about 18.5.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. And this week was better by the sounds of it?
jese Smith-shields: This week has ticked off pretty well. We had some pretty good big sales ticked over last night. And then we've got, yeah, this week's been bigger with calls. Yeah. we had a few minutes to go by.
Kyle Musca: So I'd say we'll probably have to wait for it. Is your VA now doing the SEO dashboard correctly?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I think so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: I probably just click over and see. It is on her sort of to-do list, but she had a pretty busy day today and she's already clocked off because she had a lot from, um... 12 to 3, but I think I'm going to be able to pull her on full-time. No, it doesn't look like it has been.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah, we'll take that with a grain of salt, just because, realistically, it seems like if you collected 10 grand, you'd probably be well higher than 16. But, still, can't climb to 16.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, if anyone booked, how was, what's Marina's close rate? How many has she taken? many closed?
jese Smith-shields: she two for one? Yeah, she's basically, we had the, we had two where she got them. So, one of them was the one I was telling you about on WhatsApp the other day, how she was demanding a full refund. And then she got another one, but it was in between that process of when I was trying to get her into NUI. So, she paid. $50 coaching deposit, and then just ghosted, but she couldn't afford the remaining payment.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: And then she got one last night. Alana, she sold Alana for six months on 2.5 with a $500 deposit, and then she got...
Kyle Musca: Sorry.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, so she had three out of five, and then obviously two have been a bit of a  around.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, I mean, that's not awful. It's still early to tell. Has she now got logged into Newey and that sorted?
jese Smith-shields: Because you don't want that problem happening again. Yeah, so I've logged her in. But she did that one through the Newey platform of what I set her up
Kyle Musca: Last night, it seemed to work really well. Yeah, I Okay, beautiful. And then she's still doing the trainings with Tommy and everything like that, so she should improve on that regard. Yeah. Okay. And then with the chick that tried to cancel when she signed up Thursday, to be honest, that is long enough where, especially if she's gotten the program and everything back to her.
jese Smith-shields: She didn't get it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if she didn't get it, yeah, if she didn't get it, then I wouldn't worry about it. It's probably not worth the headache. If she got it, for me, it's like after 24 hours, they get the program back. So if they've gotten access to the program, that's like no refund. Like you've gotten the program, you've gotten the intellectual property that comes with it. You could, you know, if you said it a little bit earlier, then, you know, I would have just canceled it and it would have been fine. But yeah. So, and then that was kind of just. I don't know. Normally in terms of the whole onboarding type of thing anyway, I would try and like follow up with, make sure the coach knows to just like get people on an onboarding call straight away. doesn't matter if they've got work on where the case may be, just  get them on.
jese Smith-shields: I've got that in SOP now with Marina as well. So with all these sales calls that she takes over, she has to rebook them into my personal calendar where I jump on a call with them as well within 24 hours.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what I do, so for me, what I do is when my closer makes a sale, I just give them a call straight away on WhatsApp, like, hey, welcome to the team. I just want to run you through the next steps so you don't want to live in the dark. You know, I just send you an onboarding call, onboarding video. The coach is going to send you an onboarding call. Make sure you just book that in ASAP just to meet them, have a chat with them, and I'll run you through the entire system.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, okay. You're doing an onboarding call with a coach that they're going to go with?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, because you want them to build that. Relationship as soon as possible. So, yeah, I just give them a quick, it's literally like a five-minute WhatsApp call just straight after they're closed just to take away any buyer's remorse.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: That's probably a lot easier than what I was going to do. Yeah, and it's like the coach's job to onboard them. Have you done anything with that client roadmap yet?
jese Smith-shields: No, I haven't had time to build it yet. My least busiest days are Thursdays, so that's the day that I kind of sit down and build everything that I need to build.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the client roadmap should help good on that first check-in. And then also just, do you have a job form or type form or anything?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I've got a type form, but with the, so within your job form that you send out for initial questionnaire, that's not connected to your app?
Kyle Musca: No.
jese Smith-shields: Okay, yeah, well, we've got a whole entry questionnaire process. Once they get into the app, it collects all the information, so it's there for the coaches. So Kahunas does that. Yeah. So that process, so the onboarding process is that pretty much they pay, I talk to them, I send them an email within the entry questionnaire to Cooners, that creates their app and login details, and then they have to fill out a whole detailed questionnaire process. And then once I've got that, pretty much I've got their plans within the next 24 hours.
Kyle Musca: So is that the sign-up question, the entry questionnaire, is that through Cooners?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Can you... I kind of like it being in Cooners though, because the coaches can like refer her back to her, so like through preferences and  like that. Yeah. But also I can see where you're coming from in a sense as well.
Kyle Musca: So so it depends on, can you add... Did I just stop? Yeah. There we go. Yeah. I'll share my screen. So the only reason I added it, because I'm not super set on the actual, you know, form itself, that is, you know, hit or miss. I don't really care about that. The main thing I've got it there is, like, it's really just disguised as this. Where is it? Here we go. Let's see. Did I send you this, eh? Maybe, yeah. Yeah. So this is, like, the agreement form.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I sent you, like, that. This is the job form. Oh, so is this for your debt collection?
Kyle Musca: So this will be for, this is the contract. So this is what this is. So you might even want to have something separate where, like, because this doesn't actually collect the, you know, key information type thing. So you might want to make the, again, it's hard for me to see it without seeing it, but, like, you're onboarding one with all the coaches' stuff separately. Because this is more, I call it an accountability form where it's like, obviously their name, their date of birth, their email, I even add the address because you can add that to the debt collection service and they'll start like, potentially even showing up at their house and . But it's more so like, you know, main roadblocks, mindsets, you know, just this stuff to try and get them one more committed into the program, like off the start, like giving them a reminder of like why they started in the first place and the promises that they're going to make, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. The days that they're going to, you know, train, you don't really necessarily even have to have that in there. Any notes regarding goal, nutrition, dieting history should be know about, just simple  like that. This is the main stuff that I want, right? So this is the, you know, package. It's a, you know, goal package, six months, and then their signature. So they actually sign here, right? And then they submit, but then this is what I like job form because this terms and conditions. This is what they're signing, you know what I mean? You're agreeing to this. All sign-up duration, guaranteed results, refund policy, basically says, like, if they don't do it, there will be, you know, failure pay will lead to debt collection services.
jese Smith-shields: Have you ever had someone come to this point and then say no? Well, I only just recently implemented this, but no.
Kyle Musca: Because, to be honest, one, it's condensed like this so that I don't even, like, really see it. Yeah. Because I've already technically signed this at this point. Like, for me, when they, to activate my app, they have to agree to the terms and conditions. Yeah. And then, like, if they do open it, it's basically like, you know, normal terms and conditions, like, all content materials information provided, EMP coaching programs, good training, you know, et cetera, et cetera. Like, I was to read this, I would, like, maybe, you know, read this part. And I'm like, yeah, that's basically standard . I don't think I'd really get this part. No, me neither. Wow, cool. Sweet. This is just for, like,  massive dickheads that are, like, coming back.
jese Smith-shields: Like, I didn't sign anything. It's like, well, you literally did, you know.
Kyle Musca: And you've got all that information to pass it on.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah. I had a conversation with those debt collectors today, and he pretty much brought up exactly if I was wanting to go forward and, like, have a solid sort of contract. He pretty much brought up exactly how you've done it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, this is more so literally just the contract. Like, you've got your own process with starting that. Because I'm the same. Like, for me, when they log into the app, they have to fill out their age, their height, their weight, and all that . That's the app. This is separate.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. Yeah. No, I can see it. Yeah, I like weight and . Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No, I like that. So, um, because this is... Like, I've dealt with so many  annoying accounts that are like, I didn't sign. And like with mine, and it's going to be pretty much the exact same with Newey, I think. It's like really annoying with the debt collection because it's like, there's not anything that they've actually technically signed, even though they have agreed to the terms and conditions. And I don't know about Newey, I think it's probably the same from what I've looked at, but like, on my app, there's nothing that actually, I guess, it is attached to everyone's account, but I can't send an invoice or an actual physical contract that's been signed saying that they've agreed to this.
jese Smith-shields: No, no, you can't.
Kyle Musca: Which is a huge pain in the .
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah. No, I can, yeah, I'll be bringing that in.
Kyle Musca: And then I just, I send that out in onboarding, and then I make sure that the coach on the onboarding call double checks in the thing that the client has filled it out.
jese Smith-shields: Do you prefer a job form over type form?
Kyle Musca: I've just... I haven't really used Tideform, assume they're probably pretty similar. Yeah. But I can make sure that they've obviously filled this out. Yeah, no, that's right. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. like that. Yeah, so this really got me  stiff when I implemented it. Yeah. Cool. So, 34, slightly like lower close rate, why do you feel like that is?
jese Smith-shields: A lot of pricing issues, like simply some of them just simply couldn't afford it. And when I tried doing the whole selling them into like a different sort of package or trying to find out what was going on, a lot of them like probably weren't vetted enough before into the pre-sale. Because some of them literally got on and they said they had no. So some of them couldn't even afford a coaching deposit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. you'll get some people like that.
jese Smith-shields: Do they have jobs? Did you read through the conversation? Yeah. Like they had jobs in a sense, but obviously a few of them came back from holidays and jumped straight onto a call. So I had three people jump straight onto a call from a holiday. And then obviously they're not looking at spending $1,500, $2,500 straight out of a holiday. So then I tried selling them into like the weekly pricing just to try and get something out of my time on the call. But like they still couldn't even afford a weekly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So with them, again, I think I mentioned this before, I'd probably treat those as practice. know what mean? Like if they can't, just  go ham on trying to do . But anyway, the other thing I'd probably recommend you doing as well is It's like, cause you know, Marine is going to be doing the coaching, coaching calls with Tommy. I would probably like for you to even just like jump on them, ask, jump on them with them. It would kind of be like two birds, one stone where you get the information from Tommy and the feedback on like how to do certain things and you'll pick up on that. But then you'll also be able to review how Marine is doing her calls and everything like that to make sure that you're happy with everything she's saying. Cause like closes are a hard hire and you've got to like kind of be on top of them, but it's like  annoying reviewing calls and . So like, again, that's two birds, one stone. And it's really important that you do kind of review them as tedious as it is. Cause like, I just had a closer, um, that I just let go. And, you know, I had a guy message me earlier in this week saying like, he didn't even offer me the gold or anything. He said, I wouldn't need that. And he just put them straight on my like lowest tier package. And I was like, dude, what the ? Like, you know what mean? Um, so closes, you've got to be like pretty on top of because, you know.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I probably need a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would just, like, for that, I would just, like, jump on the sales call training stuff, because then, again, you get to learn stuff while also reviewing how she's saying everything to make sure you're happy with it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: More confident of being able to hire, so for the sales you did make, were they higher ticket?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's a good thing. So it's like, even though you have a lower close rate, then, you know, maybe potentially, well, one, you took a lot more call volume, to be fair. But even so, like, low, let's say, lower close rate, you collected more from those people. So it's like, you've actually earned the same, if not more, but you've saved your time in the process.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's fair.
Kyle Musca: So with that, I would try and set, like, a weekly target of, like, you know, potentially five new clients every single week. With you, I mean, you're getting, like, how many new clients did you take on this week?
jese Smith-shields: Um So, and then I, 7.
Kyle Musca: 7. So I reckon, like, with where you're visiting that, like, I reckon maybe even, like, an 8-goal client type of thing every single week. That would go pretty good. Yeah. Yeah, just something simple like that. Doesn't have to be anything too crazy. 28 on contract with JT, and then count on films twice a day. Okay,  yeah. Did you film 28 with Jackson this week?
jese Smith-shields: Uh, filming tomorrow. So we do 28 a month.
Kyle Musca: So how many?
jese Smith-shields: What was that, sorry?
Kyle Musca: How many do you get it done in one session?
jese Smith-shields: Um, we film twice a month. So break that up. So what's the math on that one?
Kyle Musca: Um, I don't Bah. I don't know how to do that, man.
jese Smith-shields: dude, . So yeah, it's taken us a little bit to get used to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, how long is your contract with him still?
jese Smith-shields: It's just month to month at the moment. So I was just kind of riding it out to the end of the year and then re-evaluating what it actually did, what happened, and then seeing if there is other, obviously, cheaper options.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because five rounds is  a lot, man.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it is.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, again, completely up to you. If it's month to month, I would even just, like, try out Vaughn, just because he'll be able to save for  over 50% just on that alone. Yeah. Up to you, though. With those, are those kind of like the, we've spoken about that, are those the videos where I said, like, just add a CTA to the end of them, I think?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
jese Smith-shields: Because that will give us a lot of ad content just off. Yeah, I've started putting together a whole Google Drive. Yeah. Of those videos, and was actually just about to send you over those, as well as the client testimonial videos we've got five now.
Kyle Musca: With the client testimonials, I was thinking if you, how are they done? Is it like the client themselves films it off their phone? Yeah. Yeah, what you might even want to do is just get on a call with them, like a performance review call, and just do it that way where it's face-to-face.
jese Smith-shields: And you just record the Zoom call or the Google Meet call or whatever it is.
Kyle Musca: Just because you'll be able to get like a lot more volume out of those.
jese Smith-shields: Would you use them as an ad or would you use them as?
Kyle Musca: I'd use them as like a retarget ad, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, that's fair. Yeah, because they were, took me, took me asking a fair few people to actually get a few out of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's real  tedious when you're relying on them to get it back. So, and even if you say to them on the call, like, oh, he's really good at So, we're going to have to find them. But, I'll say something like this. What are you most proud of, like, overall? I started in a size 22 pair of shorts. Yes. And then I bought size 20s. And a little mini goal that I'd sort of set myself was to not be buying clothes in the fat ladies section. I mean, that's a plus size. So, the last pair that I bought were just size 18 in the normal. Hell yeah. So, that was a big, that's a psychological thing, I think. OK. Mm-hmm. So. Okay, Always in the Fat Lady section. Yeah, how did that feel, like doing that? Really good. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, that's a, yeah, that was a huge thing to buy something not in the Fat Lady section. Yeah, yeah, that's fantastic. We'd most proud of, like, overall, so something simple like that. Yeah. Because what Josh does here, I wonder if we could see the actual targeting. But, yeah, what he does is, he'll just do that as a retargeting ad, so anyone who's booked in a call does that. Whether or not you want to do them, or if Keanu would even want to do them as well, should be able to get a bit of that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, we'd probably both tick off a fair few of them like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, no, 100%. If you want to look at this, by the way, just kind of as library, and then just type in Josh Humphries.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then just look through them. But yeah, you should get a fair view on them. It's a lot more natural for people to do it as well, because they don't really realize they're being recorded. Whereas if they're not good on camera, they get real  weird.
jese Smith-shields: Do you just record that on the Fathom as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would try and do... The thing, the positives. What is the good stuff? I would try and call them on your phone, because you can see how it's like that. Yeah, okay. Aspect ratio, whereas if we do a Zoom call and you record that, and you could probably still... You'd have to cut it though, so it's like that 9.16 aspect ratio.
jese Smith-shields: don't know how that would look. that's fair. Yeah, probably just a FaceTime. Yeah. If you screen record on FaceTime, does that record the sound as well?
Kyle Musca: Should do. So... Okay. Um, but on the other person's audio, you can still do Zoom on the call, like a Zoom on your phone, same thing. Um, beautiful. Cool. Being able to get more time back, use time, yeah, so you're offloading on your clients to coach them.
jese Smith-shields: How is she going? Yeah, she's going really well, actually. She's, um, she's shown a lot of drive to actually want to continue growing in the sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. What I've started doing and what I've started to get my closer to do, are you using Notion? How do you, what do you use for notes?
jese Smith-shields: Um, yeah, I've got Notion.
Kyle Musca: Is this where your team adds notes and stuff?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would start doing is, , I've got to find it now. Um. Um. Um. Um. Thank Okay, and go. Yes, yeah, cool, what a guess. So when the closer makes a sale, they come in here and just do, you know, name with the program, right? And then writes in all the notes that they took from the Fathom call for the coach to see for the onboarding. But then what I've started to get him to do as well is adding this, like, a little reminder. So he's going to actually have to tag me, which I'm let him know. For instance, he'll have to tag me. I think it might go off anyway, just to be safe, for three weeks' time. So the reason we want to do three weeks' time is, one, to get these testimonial videos out of them. Potentially, like, they could be like, oh. So I should explain it. At three weeks' time, they're to be on an emotional high because they should still be really motivated. They should have lost some weight. They've a good result by now, relatively, like losing three kilos in three weeks, for example. So it'll be over the  moon. But they don't feel confident enough to continue doing it on their own. So one, we try and maybe potentially even draw a little bit of a testimony out of them here. But ideally, as well, trying to upsell them onto a longer program. So because the issue is if you wait till like eight weeks, nine weeks, 10 weeks of a 12-week program, they're going to be like, oh, no, like, I'll think about it. But no, I feel confident to do it myself. All good, right? But it's like, if you can, if you can, and by this time, the coach should have already done the roadmap call with them and mapped out the roadmap with them. So they should already know that there are next steps after whatever they're like trying to do. So it's like, yeah, obviously, one, if they've got 20 kilos to lose, then they're not going to be able to do it in three months. So it's like, obviously, you're going to probably require a little bit more time to lose that way. Okay. All If you wanted to actually, you know, extend onto the gold program, we could do that, and usually it would be X amount more, but if you want to move forward with that today, we'll just like waive the additional, you know, fees that would have gone into that, and you can just continue on as normal on the same rate, if that's what you want to do.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, so you do that on the same rate, but obviously you just extend them for that period of time.
Kyle Musca: Well, technically, the only difference between that, the gold three months and like the gold six months is $1,200 versus $1,500 for the sign-up, so it's a $300 difference. But if you were to extend them, you're getting, I think that one's repayments of $400 a month, so you're getting $1,200 extra out of that client in terms of lifetime value.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And again, if your cost to acquire a client is already $300, then you can happily waive the $300 because you've now doubled the client's lot, like the value of them, so they're technically on you at that point. Yeah. Or what you could do, the other thing that works really well here is if they do it paid in full, right, and they're paid in full, four, three months, same thing, like, you know, at the end, like, we're going to lose, you know, probably need about six months to lose the full 20 kilos, or, you know, after we do this first initial three-month cut, then we need to reverse diet, and that takes, you know, we need to do that really properly, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. What we could do is just extend on, usually it would be X amount more, but we can continue on at the same rate. If you really wanted to, like, we could even start repayments, like, you know, now-ish, which would bring it, like, way down and make it super easy on cash flow. Completely up to you, though.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, no, that makes sense. I did like that idea, actually, because I am finding our LTV's not too bad. It's a lot better than what it has been, but it can definitely be a lot better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's just a good, like, way to try and chip away. Plus, too, just to have that conversation with a mother that's still earlier on, make sure that they're happy with everything. Get a bit Feedback on how they're, you know, liking the program, how they're liking the coach.
jese Smith-shields: Do you do that call personally?
Kyle Musca: I will, yeah. Yeah. It doesn't have to be anything long, like five, ten minutes type of thing. Yeah, no, that's fair.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. That's probably, yeah, that's probably a good touch point with me stepping back a little bit more as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's just like bang him out. And again, it's like, it's not, it's not like you're going to have a  huge day of him as well. Because it's like, if he signs up, you if Maureen signs up one or two people a day, then it should only be like one or two people a day that you're doing it with. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that's right.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Yeah, and that will continue to stack as you keep feeding her more clients. How many clients is that coach up to now?
jese Smith-shields: 23.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's solid. Not feeling like I'm tasting much hell all week, which is good. Definitely. And what do you mean by that specifically?
jese Smith-shields: I don't know. I appreciate Previously, I felt like I was  trying to do 10 different tasks at the same time, instead of actually completing one task at like a high tier level, in a sense. I was constantly trying to piece together everything that was going on, where now I can just focus on a task, get that done, and then move on to the next one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's what happens when you spread yourself too thin, nothing ever really gets done. And you just , you know, I find you start a lot of projects, and then like they'll just never even get completed in the first place. It's like,  sweet. Realistically, like it should be, especially with where your business is at, a lot of it should be pre-automated. Yeah. Like obviously you stay very hands-on and everything to make sure it's all ticking on nicely.
jese Smith-shields: Kahuna sucks for automations. So there's not a lot that we can automate in, and there's not a lot that we can automate out. But within, obviously, go higher level. I'm still... Starting to piece together a lot of like the flows within that and the flows that we can do within that to try and automate it a lot better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so did you get Shelly to add that automation in?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah. So that's all up and running. It's rolling pretty well, actually. Our show rate's been a lot better, obviously, since Tommy left.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So I think that'd just be the communication. But again, that's a huge, like, that's a really underrated huge issue to fix, though, because it's like, or show up rate can, like, again, as I mentioned before, you can get a show up rate from, like, 40%, 50% to 60%, 70%. You can , like, double the amount of, like, cash, like, the amount of clients you're actually getting just from that alone. Yeah, I understand. So, yeah, beautiful. Setting goals, like, in terms of KPIs, I mean, I would, you know, potentially map out and sit down, like, you know, how many, what are your basic core KPIs? do you want to get? want to get 20 calls a week. I want to have, you know, it depends on how crazy you want to go with it, but it's like if you want to have a 70% show-up rate, which is, what's that, 70%, let's just go 17, the top of my head, I'm not a 100% show. On that, I want to have a 50% close rate, so that's at least a client's new week type thing. Yeah, it doesn't have to be anything too crazy. Like, I'm very big on, like, we obviously want to track our core numbers and KPIs, but you don't want get to the point where it's like everything is just  numbers after numbers after numbers, and no one knows what the 's happening, and it's like, it doesn't even get done, because it's just too confusing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'm not much of a numbers guy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's just like, just know your core numbers. And they're usually pretty look-at, especially with the CEO dashboard, if she's doing it. If they're doing that properly, weekly, you can just take a quick look. Before the challenge, did you sort out the failed payment stuff? Have you made much work on that?
jese Smith-shields: On the payments that are, what are we talking about, sorry?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the payments that had been failing and ongoing failed payments.
jese Smith-shields: No, I've had a meeting with the debt collection today and I'll probably sign up with him. sent over an email probably like 30 minutes ago and then I'll look at pushing the contracts through that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: But he did mention that Newey is not the best, obviously, within binding contracts, but he said it's worth a go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, honestly, the more I've been using Newey, I've kind of come to the realisation that it is a lot more hype. They hype it up as like, you know, it's a really cool system. It's really essentially just kind of makes things brain dead for, I guess, female coaches that have no clue what the  they're doing to make a payment link.
jese Smith-shields: So do you do most of your payments through Stripe?
Kyle Musca: I do all my payments More so because the app I use is linked through Stripe, so you have to have an active Stripe payment, because there's a rev share involved in that. Newey's easy. They just miss a few core elements that really shouldn't be missed. Like the fact that you can't have team members to get in there and create payment links and  around with  is just stupid. And then Stripe, again, you kind of like go hell over where it looks really confusing and complicated, but it's like once you actually understand, you know, how to do like the main just few things that you need to do on it, it's pretty straightforward.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. Because, yeah, Kahuna's actually is affiliated with Stripe as well, but I started with Stripe and it was such a  around with the app. So every failed payment, it would like cancel their membership in a sense. And then it was a whole onboarding process to get them done, but they've refreshed that since. Done all that. But now I've got everyone in NeuroLeadership.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So unfortunately, with where yours is at, it's like, unless you just signed up new clients and had two different things, I wouldn't try and, like,  change your entire billing system all at once, though.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, probably not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, what is, unfortunately, that? How to set that up? So realistically, with the challenge, it's pretty much the way we're going to do it, I reckon, is we pretty much just do what we're currently doing, and then we just put a nice fancy wrapping on it in terms of we need to just get marketing material done up for it. They come through on a message. It's like, cool, we've actually got a few different tiers of the challenge, depending on what you're looking for and how long, because we've got a three-month and a six-month, right? Now, because we're only loading a certain amount. And if it goes into this, we actually arrange a call to make sure that it's even a right fit for both of us. I don't know if that's exactly what I would say, but I'd throw that in there. And then just line up and jump on a call and then sell them.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's fair. Yeah, that makes sense. When would you want that sort of going out?
Kyle Musca: We've still got plenty of time. As long as it's sort of filmed by mid-November, I would say.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Probably, I reckon we probably launch it last week of November because we'll probably have that cutoff date around that Christmas-ish period. You know, entries closed December 20th, something like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So we want to, for this, I would say we probably want about a month. Yeah. Yeah. About a month to join.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And then I would also say, just off the top of my head, we'd need something to counter the I need to think about a thing, which I assume we'll probably get, because if you jump on a call with someone November 25th and it's not starting until December 20th, they're going to be like, oh, I need to think about it,  X, Y, Z. I'll sign up, like, later. So I reckon, easy solution there is, like, for anyone that joins before, you know, December 10th, we're actually giving an extra month free for. That will work out well, actually, because then the program, the challenge won't start from until, like, January 7th or off the top of my head. It won't obviously start on January 1st or start the week or two after that. So it's like the cut-up date. Sorry, that will be, like, essentially, you know, if you join before, then you get a free...
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, no, yeah, I can see how that will work. Yeah, and then... That's basically saving close to $500.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And then we'll probably just say that carried all the way through, to be honest. Like, you pay now, you always get them to pay now. I never say, like, you you can , you know, we'll pay on January 7th or something.
jese Smith-shields: You never do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But we can run that the entire way through because it's like, if they sign up on December 15th, like, what we're actually doing is because we're not starting till January 10th, but we want to get you into the right habits and the mindsets and everything like that, we're actually going to coach you, give you this time till January 10th for free coaching. Yeah, okay. I mean, at that point, yeah, I mean, yeah, again, at that point, you probably don't even need to, like, as long as they pay, then you could just get them started January 10th. you. The other thing is, I'd probably also look at like maybe what the prize pool is around the different packages that you have.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, was thinking, because she's got a fair few affiliate codes or whatever, so I was trying to piece together what would actually work best within that sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I doubt many people would ask, but this is something that you could add when you're like pitching the pricing and the packages and everything like that. You could say something like, you know, with the Emerald.
jese Smith-shields: Also, would you have different packages for each sort of different prizes for each package that they would sign up to?
Kyle Musca: Potentially, because again, this is just like, again, making it more incentive for them to go or hire a ticket package. So maybe like the silver package. It's just like a $200, you know, to find or keep that pump  voucher win, whereas the gold package, the core package is, you know, maybe the winner will get  three months extra coaching absolutely free value to $3,000, $2,000, whatever the  you want to say. It's probably stretching, say, $3,000, so it looks better on paper. Plus, they'll also go into the entry of winning $250 plus XYZ. Again, I wouldn't overcomplicate this, so I'd make sure it's mapped out really nicely, but you might even have, maybe for one, for silver, the lower ticket one, you just have everyone that joins just goes into the draw of winning $250, or, you know, best transformation gets $250 worth of  XYZ. Whatever. Goal one is like just by entering, you go into the draw of winning a chance to win XYZ and the person who gets the best transformation will actually win three months of extra coaching valued at  $3,000 or something like that. If they will, again, I really don't think they will.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, now that works a lot better. Yeah, that's, I can start piecing together that all now, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Yeah, yeah, beautiful. Again, it can be a random winner or it can be like, you know, first prize, second prize, third prize.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But everyone will win a $500 voucher to extend the program.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. That's, that's, shouldn't, yeah. So those are pretty easy media stuff to film, to be honest, because it's just like, you know, I'm running a challenge. Message me for more details. It's not like we have to, we'll  try and educate  first. Yeah, I just for you on your side for the challenge, all I would do is just sit down and look at like what's going to be involved. How can you wrap things? Like nothing, none of the core elements in terms of the process, the funnel, and the coaching will change.
jese Smith-shields: It's just how can we wrap that whole process in the challenge wrapping? Yeah, and prizing, settings, what they get, T's and C's. Yeah. Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like realistically, it's not like a fuckload of work. It's just slightly tweaking wording on things.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, no, it's fair. Sure.
Kyle Musca: All right, increase, which is good, and then book more calls. So that's fantastic. Can you offer that doesn't need me to do VA work calls and clients? On the VA, I think I've spoken about this as well, but just record everything that you teach and how to do. And then, again, even in Notion, I have an operations manager tab, and I've just got set weekly, monthly, and fortnight tasks, all with, you know, majority of the documents or recordings on how to do certain things. Yeah, okay.
jese Smith-shields: So. Yeah, no, she is pretty good. But sometimes I just do have to obviously show her, do things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then with the failed payment side of things, I made it very clear to my VA, like, you need to message me about whose payment has failed this week, and you've done, like, two follow-ups and still haven't heard back. Like, that's very important for you to communicate that with me directly.
jese Smith-shields: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Cool. Current coaches make sure they're providing the best. So it's possible. Best way to do this is one, just by like asking the client, you know what mean? That's probably the easiest way because like obviously the client's feedback should be like, yeah, they're so  good. Like could not, you know, recommend them or whatever. Appreciate everything she's doing, et cetera, et cetera. Also getting access to her Loom videos and stuff like that, like getting access to asking her for like a Loom login if she's got her own. And then you can just go and like randomly review the video she does.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, well, she uses my business Loom in a sense, so I can do that anyway. Only reason I asked that was because I had one client message me and ask me what her process was because she hadn't heard from her. And then that  freaked me out a little bit. And then I actually went back and had a look at that client's check-in and she checked in 30 minutes prior to that message. It's So she sent me, so she was expecting a check-in response within 30 minutes. Yeah, okay. I messaged all the other clients that she was with, and they're all loving her, so that was just like a one-off sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: You get some annoying focus like that. The other thing is, sometimes if a client said to me something about communication or something like that, I'll say, when was the last time you spoke to this person? Like, ask them a few questions, don't just go  guns blazing at them. But, like, can you just send me a recording of, like, your conversation with them?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that makes sense. And then, yeah, yeah. She should also be doing, like, I would also make it clear to the coach that, one, if someone's not getting their check-in form done, then they need to, she obviously needs to be following up and making sure it's like, where's your check-in form? So that's part of her job. Does she have the check-in sheet thing that I sent? So this is something, another thing I'd get your VAs to do. It doesn't really, you don't really need to have the status there. can't get rid of that for the coaches side of things. But like go through, add all the names of the clients and preferably their check-in days. you like filter by like Monday check-ins, for example. Obviously, first name, last name, email, many notes. But then this is what the coach does. Every time they check in, obviously, they mark checked in. If they haven't checked in twice a week, one week missed, two weeks missed, three weeks missed. And then this is really easy for you and the coach to see like, well, someone's missed it for two weeks. We need to  be on top of them and like be right up their  to see where they're at.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's fair. I've got a similar process within Notion that I've created her that she goes off and ticks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. I also like check-in rating. That's kind of like how ecstatic to these clients. Like if they're hot, I should be to jump on and just get a testimonial from them straight away.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. No. No.
Kyle Musca: We do the same process. Yeah, yeah, yeah, cool. And then, being like a, yeah, so letting go is like kind of a weird learning curve as well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it was. It's been a little bit weird, actually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I mean, you kind of strike me as like you'd never just sort of  kick your feet up and relax. So it's just more so about focusing on working on the business rather than working in the business. Than in the business, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, it's fair. Yeah, that was probably the only weird adjustment from this week.
Kyle Musca: Been a whole lot. Is Clement doing a post-call process for you, like in the DMs? So it's like she books a call and then she actually explains about showing up to the call and everything?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, she has been. I'm not sure, like the last coming days, that's why I thought you might have spoken to her because she randomly just clicked in and started working pretty much. From about 10 o'clock onwards until 10 o'clock, and then she started like free-winging the messages, but they're working a lot better than what the DM script that I had her doing was.
Kyle Musca: I have spoken to her about adding more personalization into the scripts. Yeah, thank you. Did I send you that tonality? I sent you the tonality thing, hey? No. Any yarners to do?
jese Smith-shields: No.
Kyle Musca: So... So... This one.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, yeah, no, you did.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So... Pretty sure you sent that back to me and then... Yeah. Basically, yeah, so what I got to do then is like, it creates a project in ChatGPT with other guides that Given it, super geared towards, obviously, everything you put in that and how to conversate properly instead of just following the script.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, you know, the last coming days have been a lot better, actually, because I think when she started, she was just following that script, and now it seems like it's got a lot more actual conversation going about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that should help massively. I didn't say anything about times, but, like, she will, if she feels like there needs to be more time spent on it and stuff, she'll jump in there and just, like, go  ham, which is handy.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it's helped me massively over the last coming days.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, mean, even, like, and that's something I would, like, communicate with her pretty heavily about. Like, if she feels like she needs more hours consistently and stuff because you're getting the volume through, then, yeah, might as well bump her up. Like, like, an hour or two, it's, like, 15 bucks extra a day. But if that gets you more cook, then it's, like, well,  worth it. So, and that's just. So having really good communication between you and her is super important. So what she's even done for me is I created a group chat with all the setters that will be in the account. So that way I can just screenshot and send it straight through to her and say, straight through to that chat and say, can we do this, you know, moving forward.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Because what will happen is they'll take different shifts and stuff as well. So sometimes, like, she might relay information to one setter that another setter won't have.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, no, that makes sense. I'll probably ask her to do the same thing then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So super important to have good communication back and forth between you two. Beautiful. And a really solid week. Open to feedback on growth, what I need to do better. Honestly, I think it's just, like, doubling down on what's working. Again, don't want to, you know, if things are working, then we don't want to change things massively at all. You know, with GoHala, we'll fix that's improved the shop. Oh, wow. Great. Still getting, you know, obviously some younger people through, but the majority of them are older, you know, more qualified people, and you're getting plenty of calls booked as well. So I don't want to mix anything up there. If things start to pull back or anything, then we may change things around a little bit more. Otherwise, the cappy over time should also start to improve that as well. So I don't want to sort of like pull a plug on it before it has the chance to probably do that. Yeah, cool man. Other than that, yeah, as you said, I'm trying to make biggest month yet, which is  awesome.
jese Smith-shields: What would that be? It should be over 65 of this month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what was your previous biggest?
jese Smith-shields: I think last month we got just under 60.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So it's gradually increasing then, by the sense of it?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah. It has been, it has been gradually increasing and then kind of hit a little bit of a hurdle with Reece and then signing. I'm with you. We've been ticking over 50K months pretty consecutively.
Kyle Musca: Yes. Were you under 50K when you were at Ruse?
jese Smith-shields: I hit it once and then kind of just flirted with it a few times, but that was about it.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So that's a pretty  solid increase there. Wouldn't even be worth, again, with where you're at in your business and everything, this last thing I'll say is like, would also be worth just sitting down and like looking at where you can actually cull back that you don't need, especially like expense-wise. You know what mean? Like I found that you can kind of save a fair bit there if you just sat down and like looked at what you're actually spending money on. It's like, do I actually need this?
jese Smith-shields: If not, it's just like, get rid of it. Yeah. No, that's a fair point. Yeah. There's probably a fair bit of money going.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because when you're dealing with big numbers and you've got so many like, you know, transactions happening, kind of get swept under the rug. Sometimes it's not necessarily about doing more. No. adding more revenue, sometimes it can't just be increasing profit margins by removing things that you don't need.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, no, it's sweet.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Cool. Anything else you want to cover all, man?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm pretty good. I'm sweet. I'm sweet.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, bro. Well, cool, man. We're on track to hit biggest months ever, so let's just keep  doubling down and keep pushing it.
jese Smith-shields: Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Kyle Musca: Pleasure, man. If you need me for anything, just ship me a message as usual. Yeah, totally. Appreciate it, bro. Cheers, man. Bye.


>>> 222/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-22T07:28:43Z | id:95850262
People: Kyle Musca

Morgan Eldrett: This meeting is being recorded. Hello.
Kyle Musca: Hey, how you?
Morgan Eldrett: Hello, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, how are you?
Morgan Eldrett: I'm pretty good, thank you. How's your day been?
Kyle Musca: Oh, it's only lunchtime, isn't it? Yeah, pretty busy so far. That's good. How are you feeling?
Morgan Eldrett: Good. Tired, but good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Morgan Eldrett: But, like, take by the hour. Some hours I'm vibing and some hours I'm dead to the wealth.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I feel that. Probably not as bad as you, but cool. Yeah, well, let's rip right into things. First and foremost, did you get the check-in form that I sent through you?
Morgan Eldrett: Where did you send it?
Kyle Musca: So I sent it on WhatsApp. It's got one tick. So I think, have you added me back as a contact?
Morgan Eldrett: No.
Kyle Musca: Yes. So if you click on my name at the top and then you just scroll down and say create new contact, otherwise that check-in form won't come through.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, okay. Yeah, let me just do that. Yes. Oh, yeah. Oh, there go. I just added you then. I don't know if it will come. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Cool. We'll start off with the basic stuff. Have you had many calls booked this week?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I don't think we've actually, I was just looking. Thank you. I don't think we've even had one since we spoke. No, we haven't. Oh, we have one on Friday. Yeah, one.
Kyle Musca: This Friday coming?
Morgan Eldrett: No, one on last Friday, which was good because I sold her. It worked. But just one call and one sale.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And that was from the ad?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, that was like a clame, book, and everything.
Kyle Musca: Okay, okay. How much was that for?
Morgan Eldrett: The one, I don't know what it's, 1777 for 12 weeks. So I haven't increased my prices.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. Okay.
Morgan Eldrett: Did she pay up front or broken down? She paid a deposit and then she paid the rest, like after. So not in the first go, but she has paid in full for now. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Perfect. I? Right. Thank Well, that's good. So as I was saying, like, the ad spend itself is pretty, not low, but, like, in terms of where we'd want to get it once things are pumping, like, relatively low. So even on that, like, have you collected 1,777, is it?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you've only spent 337 on ads total this week, which means that you're on, what's that, five or six return on investment from that. So that's, like, as long as we get, you know, the start is the hardest. The start is, like, where we need to just get the wheel turning. And it's, once we've got that wheel turning, like, it should be a lot cleaner from there. Have you been able to review the conversations in terms of has the age improved on them?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I think so. Like, I think that they're better prospects as a whole is, like, more people. People, um, that are, like, actually willing to sort of talk. There's just so many people that ghost, which I obviously understand is, like, what's going to happen. Um, but yeah, it's sort of like, I'm sort of like, why are these people clicking and then not replying? But, um, yeah, everyone that is replying seems to be, like, over 21 and, um, most have jobs. Well, to be fair, most of them, I haven't even really got to the point where people are telling me what their job is because so many people are just, like, not replying. Um, so I would say, like, of the few that I've gotten to where they have said if they've got jobs, most of them have.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so that's a good sign. Um, with your current clients, a lot of them, like, Genpop, I mean, they're probably all going to be Genpop. In terms of not being bodybuilders. But a lot of them, like. Just gen pop in terms of like they've never really stepped foot inside the gym, or is it more so they have been training, but they want to kind of take things to the next level?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, like taking things to the next level. None of them are really like people that have never, never walked into a gym at all, which I don't think I would really want that target market anyway, just for like how I sort of coach regardless.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so what we might even look at doing there is duplicating your current campaign, and then, because, let me share this. So duplicating your current campaign, and then creating more, like, so this is just broad, so this is like leaving it up to the algorithm to try and go find, you know, people that are more likely to like click through and message and everything like that. And then duplicating it and creating a fitness campaign, so basically... You will start targeting anyone that has, you know, engaged in some sort of fitness content, whether they've just liked a fitness video, whether they've been, you know, potentially researching fitness stuff, whatever the case may be, the algorithm will play around with it. Just because, again, I see, one, if your target, like your client base is already people that were training previously, like that just makes sense. But I find that they're probably, kind of like Callum, for example, like guys that go to Callum are going to be guys that have probably already had training experience, and they just want to take things to the next level, and they want, obviously, a professional, not just a professional coach, but an actual professional bodybuilder to take them there. Yeah. The other thing there is, we'll have to rely on the graphics, just because I really doubt, well, you're heading away next week anyway, aren't you?
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I was thinking that, like, oh, do you mean as if, like, we were going to, if we could do video? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, probably not any time to, because I do go, like, I'll be in New Zealand this time next week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean, that's probably, I mean, so with the graphics, I find they usually, one, they're quicker to put up and turn around and start getting messages coming through and everything. Usually with the videos, though, you'll see a high cost per lead and everything, but it's usually better intent on the cost per lead.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, so, like, someone that clicks on the ad is actually more likely to follow through the convo?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because, like, if we look at, you your cost per lead, this one's starting to creep up a little bit now. We'll come in here. Yeah. So 28. So it's a little, anything under $40 is considered a good cost per lead. What I think I'll do is when I duplicate this, I'll probably turn this one off to keep ad spend low, and then just leave this one. Anything under $40 is technically considered, like, a decent enough cost per lead that I'll keep it on. But, like, for instance, you're getting, like, $15, which is great here, $15.50. Callum probably sits around, like, $30, $35, but his ones are obviously a lot more intent because they're coming in off the actual video. The other thing is he's also spending, like, you know, four or five times more than you as well. So there's a lot more volume there. Yeah. The way the algorithm works and, like, at the campaign level is it will, like, take these leads and everything like that and over time it will just continue to try and optimize to find more people like that. So, like, obviously, the more leads that you're putting through it, the more volume, the faster it can do that.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: But, like, if the conversations are good, like, better, the audience is better in terms of age and, you know, it seems more conversational. Like, that's a good, heavy step in the run. Because there's no point in, you know, wanting to even look at scaling until we get that sorted.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, I think they're better.
Kyle Musca: Did you jump on a call with Tommy?
Morgan Eldrett: No, I didn't. I was going to do Tuesday, but then I didn't get the chance. I was thinking of booking it for Friday, but I feel like it's probably pointless. Like, I might wait until I come back from comp. One, because I'm not going to have any calls next week while I'm in NZ anyway. And two, my brain is, like, not at full capacity. Like, I feel like I'm doing well, but then I feel like I wouldn't take a lot in. So I'm going to – he sent me his booking link anyway, so I'm going to book that for, like, as soon as I get back from NZ, because then I have two and a half weeks until I fly out again, which I can really, like, work on that time, like, really building that sales stuff up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, to be fair, I'm pretty impressed that you're even on these calls this way. I'll say that from – Cool. Um, when you go to NZ, are you guys continuing on after that? You are, aren't you? Like, to a degree.
Morgan Eldrett: What? Uh, comps?
Kyle Musca: Uh, travelling and stuff.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, no, so we just, I just go to NZ next week from Wednesday till Sunday, and then I'm back, and then I'm back for two full weeks, or like two and a half full weeks, and then I go to Japan. So, like, I'm, I'm only in NZ for four days, really. Um, and then, yeah, there's another two-week chunk where it's just back to work, um, and then it's a week in Japan, and then I'm back, and then it's December. So, it's not like I'm, I'm, I'm not doing, like, a, a big, uh, travel stint or anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, But, yeah, I don't know what you want to do, like, I, I was thinking that, like, do I. I, I, Work, or just not booking calls, and then, or just, I'm not sure what you think would be the best to do.
Kyle Musca: It will, the tricky thing is, because it's around the comp times and stuff, like, you'll be pretty exhausted, I would say. I wouldn't say booking calls while you're away, especially while you're, you know, peak week and actually competing that week, that's unreasonable. One is, like, because you won't really be gone for that long, you can't, and just kind of say, like, I'm, you know, competing this week, do you want to jump in a call next week? The other thing is, I do have a closer that Bree's about to use, but, like, I don't know her skill set enough if I'm confident enough to, like, get her taking any of your calls. Probably wouldn't do that, unless she, like, absolutely crushes it off the bat, then I'd maybe consider it. That would probably be more so for Japan, though. Then, then New Zealand. Cause again, if it's only four days, then you should be pretty fine. Okay. And then, then we can really like, realistically, depending on what you want to do, either we can go for a hard push in December. And usually I usually, I think I'll gear it for a lot of what I'm doing with people is like the gearing for like a challenge of new years or something. It has to be around like new years for people to want to be starting then. Um, yeah, we can look at that. Otherwise, depending on where you're at with things, if you want to just post until new year into January, that's also an option. Um, if we can try and get you like clients on before then, then fantastic. Especially when you get this wheel turning as well. Cause again, then it's like, all right, we've got enough merit to just keep, keep, keep it moving.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Like I definitely want to just, like, I'm just thinking of this time until the new year as like just setting the foundations. So that when the new year hits and people are. Like, ready. Then at least, like, everything's already functioning. And then we can just, like, keep going. So, yeah, it'd be, like, preferable to, like, just keep doing what we're doing in December. And, like, yeah, set up for, like, some sort of whatever. So that, yeah, when January hits, I have myself, I have an understanding of what's going on.
Kyle Musca: And then it's already, like, functioning. Yeah. My, from everything I've experienced, you kind of need to do something in December to capture people in January. Because, like, what can happen is, you know, established coaches and everything do that. So then when January comes around, a lot of people are, you know, getting into the gym and doing everything. They've already, you know, signed up to something beforehand. So you're kind of, like, trying to scrape by to, like, even though there's a huge influx of people into the gym, you kind of end up, like, almost scraping by just to get people. Like, it's still a good time. Don't get me wrong. But, like, I feel like the opportunity from my experiences in the last couple of years is more so in December if done right.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, perfect. Well, that's good. Then we'll definitely, like, I want to just really focus on it then. So, yeah, I think in regards to next week, should I just then keep, like, DMing everything the same and then just try and get everybody, like, like, say I DM somebody on the Wednesday, just say, hey, I'm away, it's going to have to be, like, this time next week and or, like, that's all I really, or Clement will do it as well, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, like, if you took your last calls on Tuesday and then anyone that else messaged through or wanted to book after that, it was like, hey, I'm just away, I can jump on with you on Monday. Like, that's not the craziest time difference that it's, like, unreasonable to do. You know what mean? And then I would just have, like, a little bit of a follow-up process. It's just to make sure you message them the day before to say, okay, we're still good for tomorrow.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing we'll look at doing is at the end of this month, which will work well because you'll get back the week after. So it'll be the start of November-ish, I think, those first few days. We'll do a magic hat trick, which basically means we'll go through and message everyone that has inquired through and say, okay, I've done it. I do a random giveaway at the end of each month and you've randomly won a $500 voucher that you can put towards coaching. Do you want to have a chat about that? And that usually works really well to get people on calls.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. Yeah, that's cool. And then that's, is that all old leads as in like people who've done the ad? Yes. Or is that like inquiries through the application form?
Kyle Musca: I mean, you could do application form as well. I'll be like all ugly. So realistically, have 37 total.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But like, I reckon we'll probably just do it on anyone who's ever messaged through. So 88. So there's 88 potential people there. Because like, again, you know, these people are already, they've inquired, they're interested at least to some degree.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah. What's the difference between the 88 and the 37? Like, who are the, is the 37 people who like completed the ad or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the 88 is just anyone that clicked through. The 37 is people that finished the ManyChat flow and more likely to end up in an actual conversation.
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, okay. Yeah. Wow. So a lot of people click it, but then don't click the ManyChat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. With that, you can see it on here. So it's like 78% click that. 83, 97, and then 80. And then $0 So $0.53 from that point compared to $0.69. I think we started running it without the actual flow setup yet.
Morgan Eldrett: Okay. Okay, cool. All right. So we can do that when I'm back. And yeah, sweet.
Kyle Musca: I think I also changed the conversion API around as well. So I'll just track start a little bit more. I should track down a little bit more. Perfect. So what old, yeah, sorry. What were you saying?
Morgan Eldrett: I cannot remember.
Kyle Musca: So what I'll do is I'll, um, I'll create a new campaign and I'll, I'll gear it towards more fitness people, like fitness interests. I find for Kyle as well, that usually works a little bit better than Broad, um, for him as well. So it's probably going to be pretty similar. Um, yeah. How you feel like it?
Morgan Eldrett: We're going to be in that two-week period where you will be back. I should be pretty good, like, just to, like, work as per normal. I feel like if I can take calls in the mornings, I'm usually pretty good anyway. Yeah, so work will be just as normal and I won't be busy with really anything. So I should be able to, like, book in, like, calls and stuff well. And I can film, if that's what you're going to say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was going to say, we might even, like, try and G it up with Vaughan just to film, or you can even just set up a tripod however you want to choose to do it, just to film some ads, like, as soon as you're back type thing. Nothing crazy. And then just get them up and running and see how they perform.
Morgan Eldrett: Could, do they take a little bit of time to sort of warm up as well? Like, you know how you were saying, sort of, when you put an ad through, takes a little while?
Kyle Musca: No, so when we go through the camera. Because the campaign's already set up now. The ad set itself might take a little bit to, you know, figure it out, but it shouldn't take that long. But it basically will draw the data off this campaign in whole and say, like, okay, these are the people that are interested.
Morgan Eldrett: Let's go show this video to someone else. Yeah, okay. Because I could potentially, oh, sorry, I'm yawning so much. I have free time this weekend. Like, have the whole weekend pretty much free. So, like, I could do, like, how many would you need?
Kyle Musca: Usually I'll like, just two to three, something crazy.
Morgan Eldrett: Okay. I could probably definitely do that this weekend because I've got my camera, the one that Callum was using, and I could probably do that, I think. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Well, that will work well because then by the time they're edited and then launched, it'll probably be mid.
Morgan Eldrett: Like while you're away. like while I'm away and then they'll be like pumping as soon as I'm home rather than starting it as soon as I'm home.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing we should probably really quickly check, with these conversations, is it looking like that someone, because, is it looking like they're going to lead into booking a call and it's just like mid-conversation? Yeah, would you be able to do 4.30? That's a good sign.
Morgan Eldrett: Would be able do 4.30? Yeah. Um, yes, it kind of is like, a lot of these, um, I'm just trying to see who, I can remember. Yeah, like Hillary, that was me, like that was, um, we sort of talked right up until the call. Um, Michaela was talked right up until the call. Um. Um. Um. Mickie, I think, was right up until the call as well.
Kyle Musca: I want to open it in case it...
Morgan Eldrett: Oh, they're like, um, I can go back and unread them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd say just get her to follow up with that. I don't think she's doing great. How many hours is she doing in your account as well?
Morgan Eldrett: Mm, still not as many. I can, um, put her on more, I think. So just the hour in one hour in the morning.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So if that's the case, then, I mean, you're not getting crazy to call or message volume to the point where it's like, I you could get away with her, but you kind of just need to be on In terms of replying back and, like, following up and stuff.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I've tried this week to be a little bit more on top of it myself. But I think with the following up, I'm, like, a bit – I feel like I'm just hesitant. Like, when I see that they haven't replied once, I'm like, oh, it's just in my head. I'm just like, oh, I'm not going to worry about it. But I know we were speaking about it last time. Like, just keep pushing it, putting it on them. But, yeah, I think I'll just have to follow up more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she should also be doing that when she's in the account for the three hours a day.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, I think she's – I'll have to message her because I think, like, in the evenings, I'm noticing that the messages from the morning that haven't been responded to aren't getting followed up. So, like, I feel like I'm doing a lot of the following up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that stuff I would definitely, like, tell a – Yeah. Yeah. It's really important to have good communication between you and her. Anything like that, you just need to make sure she knows because it's not necessarily her as well. She has a team of setters, so she needs to be able to relay that information to them.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, I haven't really said anything to her, so I just want to leave it, but I will say something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely be on top of it because you don't want them getting lazy.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, Calum's like, just tell her. I'm like, oh, I feel awkward.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just say, hey, just notice a couple of these hadn't been replied to. Could we get someone on top of them ASAP? And she'll just be on it.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, yeah, cool. Okay, so then just keep her working, and then I'll tell her the dates that I can't book in calls, and I'll just put that in my calendar anyway. And then is there anything else? So I can do the call, the ads this weekend. I So sorry. Thank And then should we just not do a call next week? Actually, yeah, let's not do a call next week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we're just trying to co-script. Again, the conversations seem to be better. The ads are performing well in terms of cost per lead. We're just not pushing much volume through it. So ideally, we get a few more calls booked out of the people that are already in there. Again, ideally, we get more people coming through. Then I'll start the fitness campaign. So hopefully that should bring in better quality leads for you specifically. And then, yeah, realistically, it would be about trying to make the most of that two-week period that you're back, especially if can get ads filmed this week. So I'll actually make a note of that now to write the scripts for you. That's the one thing. And then if we can do that, then we should be in a good position.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, that's perfect. I can get Cal to help me anyway on the weekend to film those.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. would. Yeah. It doesn't have to be anything crazy. It can also be, I mean, it doesn't even have to be off the camera as well. Like the best, it can just be off your phone camera. As long as you've got good audio, that's important. The best ads don't look like ads. So sometimes I find like even, you know, the high quality ones definitely do do well. But even like I find the lower quality ones off the iPhone camera, for example, can look a little bit more like organic and natural. So, yeah, that's an option as well.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, okay. Well, I can just do both. Like, so I'm pretty good on the camera and stuff anyway because, like, I do it plenty. So maybe I can just sort of do both and then send them to you and you can just say, oh, I'll have to edit, send them to an editor.
Kyle Musca: I've got an editor if you want. Okay. There's like 20 USD per video. He's very good at learning.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Cool. Is there anything else that you want to cover at all?
Morgan Eldrett: Nah, I think this week's pretty, like, there's not really a lot to touch on. I'll do the sales call training with Tommy when I'm back, and then we can just use that two weeks as, like, I'll really put focus on all of that. And I think from now until then, it's just keeping up the DMs.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm just trying to keep things, like, as minimalistic as possible through the moment.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You don't get to overwhelm with anything. So, yeah, cool. It's just, like, one step in front of the next. then, again, once it's moving and it's, you know, moving properly, then it's, like, it's pretty smooth sailing in there.
Morgan Eldrett: It's just, like, getting the foundation built properly and having it to work off. Yeah, and I, like, I'm happy with how everything's going. And I understand, like, it's an awkward time with going away and competing anyway. Like, I can't give my full, like, I just can't give my full attention to it anyway. Okay. So, So... I'm, like, happy with how things are going because if I wasn't doing this, it would just be, like, I'd be doing nothing.
Kyle Musca: So a little bit better than nothing. Yeah. Plus there's, like, starting when things are hectic just makes it seem easy when you're, like.
Morgan Eldrett: Exactly. Exactly. Like, that's my goal. just want to, like, set the foundation so then December, January, Feb, when I really have the ability to push it, I already have the understanding and you and I already have, like, the understanding together. Because if I was starting, then it would, like, we'd be a few months behind.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Perfect. Well, yeah, if you notice anything at all or you need a hand with anything, just let me know.
Morgan Eldrett: Yeah, cool. Well, I'll do the ads and I'll let you know how that goes anyway. And then I'll book in with Tommy so it's booked in.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, we're good. Yeah, that was awesome. All right. Well, enjoy the rest of the week and I will chat to you very soon.
Morgan Eldrett: Thank you.
Kyle Musca: I'll talk to you soon. See ya. Bye.


>>> 223/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-23T04:49:50Z | id:96171225
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro.
Callum Hinze: How you going? Oh, good.
Kyle Musca: How are you? Good. How's it all been?
Callum Hinze: Good. I just got back from the gym, so I got that right. Just two. Worked out well.
Kyle Musca: Nice. Nice. Cool, bro. We'll rip right in. How's this week going overall?
Callum Hinze: Good. A quieter with calls this week, but overall, not bad. Jake's actually been a lot better ever since we, I think since you let him go, I think he's got a bit of urgency. He hasn't made a lot of sales, but he's had a lot of just reschedules. But he's actually been on top of rescheduling them now as well. So once he's got them booked back in, I would expect some to come through.
Kyle Musca: How many calls has he actually taken?
Callum Hinze: Let me double check. He had eight books this week. I think he's only taken like. Two or three.
Kyle Musca: That's awful.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. What's the reschedule?
Kyle Musca: What are the reasons for the reschedules?
Callum Hinze: What were they? I think there was a couple of FIFO guys who had dodgy reception or whatever, and then just work. It's just people being unorganized, really. So, um, but going off these ones, he's had, what's the date today? It's 20, 23rd. Yeah. So he's rescheduled because he no-showed, but he's rescheduled again. Um, a couple of just ghosted ones. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, um, a few dodgy leads this week. Yeah. So, your fitness campaign definitely seems... I think I spoke to Morgan about this yesterday as well. She's probably going to be pretty similar, I'd say, but your fitness campaign in terms of like ad targeting definitely performs a lot better than your like broad one. So I reckon we just like, no, , it's not. I reckon we just sort of start scaling that right up instead.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I have noticed this week and last week, there's been a few more DMs coming through who seem to be coming from people who have no idea what coaching is, like more beginner beginners. Which is, I'm guessing, from like the broader market and they're, yeah, probably the ones that aren't converting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I reckon I'll just turn that one off and we'll focus more about spend and focus on the actual fitness side of things. The other thing as well is Meta's just recently apparently updated their algorithm where they're really going to favour sort of volume testing more. Which shouldn't be too bad, too bad for us because. Like, realistically, we've got a fair amount of content in there ready to go.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah, beautiful. Cool. So, so, E-Calls book two. So, with Jake, I'd be really cautious and I would set some time aside to review his goals. Simply because, like, I had a guy the other day who signed up to my lowest tier package and then he, like, with the programming and everything he needed, he kind of needed, like, extra support and all of that with the coach because he wanted to do more, like, sort of, endurance, hybrid training. And I was, and, you know, my coach kind of said that to me and I, like, spoke to him and I was, like, oh, well, you're probably going to need that. And he's, like, you know, when I spoke to Jake, he said he didn't even, like, offer me that, that option. He said I wouldn't need it. He just went straight to the lowest ticket one. Um, and just sold them like, and, and cause I was getting like a lot of low ticket ones and I was like, what the 's going on here? Um, and I would assume that's probably the reason why like he was just trying to get like really easy sales across the line, um, and not even go for the higher ticket ones. Um, so I'd be really, really cautious about that. And then, you know, I got my other older closer back on and like that week he made like two, you know, high ticket, not mid ticket, high ticket sales straight off the bat. So yeah, I'd be real, real cautious about having him in there. Um, after hearing that, cause I was pretty pissed off. And if I hadn't let him go, I would have  let him go straight then and there.
Callum Hinze: Um, I've got him to record some videos and he's just sent them through today or yesterday too. So I'll be able to watch them and see how he goes about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Even if you just go right to the end, um, and have a look. Yeah. Um, yeah. Cause that, that will be a huge, like a huge priority. Yeah, would definitely get on top of that because if not, you're just wasting all the money on ad spend and you're wasting potential clients that could have been good clients just because he's just, yeah, seems like a nice guy and everything, but just not performing. The other thing as well, like, you know, just from having a look at things from a bird's eye view is since you stepped back from taking the call and got him in there, it seems that clients, in terms of how many clients we're bringing on on a weekly basis, it's slowed pretty dramatically.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah. Did you end up finding, I think that you said there was someone that, another closer you had that may potentially have availability, did they have any spots for you or no?
Kyle Musca: I asked him to have a look around, he couldn't really find anyone that fits the niche. He did say he has someone, you know, coming over who would fit more of a gym role. I could have already spoken to him, he's very, the guy's very, like, posh. They could have just been because he was, like, off for work and he was, like, in his sort of suit. Supervising construction gear. But it didn't look like he fit the bill. And he's probably not. He seemed like he probably decently naturally good if he got a little bit looser with it. But he didn't fit. I don't know. I wouldn't say to confidently just say, yeah, definitely get him to jump in there.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. Yeah, well, ideally, Jake's in there at least until end of November. And then I would think I'll have some time to start taking some more calls myself from December once the travel and stuff's Yeah, I mean. As long as he's wasting leads and money in the meantime, that's the only thing, hey.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that's the other thing. Like, if he's not performing and everything like that, then, you know, it would probably be better just to look at pulling everything back if you don't want to take calls. Because there's no point in spending a ton of money on ads and everything if the close is just not going to convert on them. A great close can be great, but they can also .
Callum Hinze: Waste all your money at the same time. Yeah, fair call. I'll start by having a look at his videos and see how he's selling them. Because he's still making a few sales here and there. But yeah, I'd interested to see how he's handling objections and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely spend some time on that, I would say, because that's, yeah, could dramatically affect the next month or so, really.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. mean, I've been interviewing a lot of female closers recently, so I mean, like, we could potentially try one of those out if they come up good. The female to male dynamic does quite, like, work quite well, because if, like, they're somewhat attractive, it's kind of hard for a guy to be like, no, I can't afford it. So that could be an option.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But we'll just keep on top of that. Cool. Cool. Okay. Did he close any of the two calls he took?
Callum Hinze: Okay. Nah, he's got one who's, no. One he said he did close, but he's like, oh, he's going to sign up tonight, which boy means no. So nothing.
Kyle Musca: Even that, like he should know. That's just a no. And that, that for me is a huge red flag. Anytime a closer says that to me, I learned that the hard way. If a closer comes to you and starts saying like, oh, they're going to sign up tonight, they're to sign up tomorrow, they're to sign up next week. It's like, you're just not putting enough. Pressure on the close there. And then like, they're not going to sign up tonight. They're signing up tonight. There'd be no reason for them to not sign up then.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Well, you think a guy's meant to be a specialist in sales would know, not sign up now, not sign up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, it's just a, you know, I don't know if it's what he's trained and tells him to do or what, but like, it's just a cop out for, you know, seeming like he didn't just not get it. Yeah, I mean, because it's like, oh, he's going to sign up tonight. Oh, he ghosted. That's on him.
Callum Hinze: It's like, it's not on you. You just should have got clothes out of that. Yeah, yeah, that's true.
Kyle Musca: So my advice there would be like reflecting back on it. I probably should have picked up on all this stuff a lot sooner.
Callum Hinze: probably should have cut them a lot sooner. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Need more clothes at the of the week. Have you got many more calls booked in for the end of the week?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I think he's got like four booked in. I've got one with myself. He's got three or four. And then a few schedules, I think, from earlier in the week. So ideally, if you come through.
Kyle Musca: There he goes. With the packages he has been selling, has he been selling on your core offer or has he been going low?
Callum Hinze: He's been selling the mid-tier one. So not the low tier, the top tier, just the middle one, which like averages at 1,500.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's the. like the lower ticker one. That's my low ticker one. So, yeah, again, in from that, sounds like it was doing the exact same for me. Is he collecting much cash up front on those? Or just weekly reoccurring?
Callum Hinze: Mostly reoccurring. Yeah. So, off the top of, yeah, from that, he's probably doing the exact same thing where he's probably not even offering the top tier one. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I was on him, like, I was like, you need to collect more cash up front. I literally told him, was like, do not collect a weekly reoccurring payment if they're not going to lay a large deposit down. And he'd come to me, like, a few days later. He's like, this guy's just gone on weekly. And then he said, oh, I know you said that, you know, don't do that. It's like, dude, I just  told you to do something.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. And I'm not sure if that, like, he's intentionally doing it or not. Like, he might be, because that may be why he's, like, you know, so hesitant to try and send you calls through to review.
Callum Hinze: So, yeah, he has got a few here for me from this morning, yesterday, so I'll be interested just to see what he's doing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, even if you send them to me, because I would be interested to have a look to you, honest. Organic videos, three, nine, five new clients, just some of my existing clients to learn. Yeah, and then I think in the meantime, and especially while you're going to be away and everything like that, I reckon just like we need to sort of focus on getting these e-books and getting the things for December in preparation, essentially. So, what I'll do is, because I've got a, I'm flying back on Monday, so I'm just going to use that as like a big day of like scripting, essentially, basically. So, if we could have basically our December offer ready by then, I can just pump it all out on the plane and we can be well ahead. So, yeah, I'll do that. Of the curve to film.
Callum Hinze: We're saying the Semble offer is pretty much just the same thing as always, but packaging it as like a something discount for starting and locking in before January or whatever, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I reckon we'll try different things here. We'll try, we'll try like do, I reckon we say, what I've been saying to a lot of people is I reckon it's just probably easier to wrap it as a challenge. You know, New Year's challenge type thing, office closed December 20th, something like that. And then like, and it's fine because I was speaking to Jesse who does only women, so this won't count up. It's saying like, basically anyone that, you obviously take the call. So in the DMs, you basically say like, they'll say, you know, what is the challenge, et cetera, et cetera. But yeah, well, you know, this year I've actually decided to do a couple of different levels of the challenge based on what people actually need. Which means that there's going to be different like prize pools and everything like that. And we're not just taking on anyone. So how about we line up a call just to see if this is going to be the right fit. So that's kind of how we package the DM set. And then on the call, again, it's the exact same programs and stuff we're doing. You know, we got a three-month, we got a six-month. And I reckon we like simplify in terms of it. It's a three-month challenge, it's a six-month challenge, depending on how much weight you lose. So there will actually be two winners. And then for the guys that, obviously, the biggest rebuttal I think you're going to get is like, oh, well, I'll wait till December, later December to sign up or something like that. That's probably the, I'll think about it, you'll get. So I reckon we say, no, one, we say that there's limited spots available and everything like that. But the other thing is, I reckon we say, if you, like, if let's say. You have a call November 28th, off the top of my head, right? So it's still about a month, three weeks out from the challenge start. Ira, can you say, what I'm actually doing is anyone that signs up before, you know, the 5th or the 10th of December, I'm actually going to give coaching this month, this entire month of coaching, absolutely free. So if you go for the three month, you'll actually get four months of coaching.
Callum Hinze: If go for the six month, you'll actually get seven months of coaching. Yep. Beautiful. Yeah, for sure. And that'll pretty much start from December.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I reckon we do a month-long push. Really, like end of November, I'd say we try and get it uploaded and launched. Because of the cutoff date.
Callum Hinze: I think I'm back on the 29th, so right then in November. ideally, we had to put a bunch of time into that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the cutoff date will probably be around the 20th, something like that, because you're probably not going to want to be taking calls over that Christmas period. And then... So you're People aren't going to be wanting to take calls over that period either. And then I reckon we market it for like, you know, January 7th or January 15th or 14th or something like that, whatever the dates line up to be on a Monday to start. And then we could even look at doing like, you know, if we do, especially January 14th or something like that, we could even like, as soon as January 1st or 2nd, give people a little bit of a day or two, 2nd or 3rd come around. Then we just do a really another hard push to say like, you know, challenge starts January 14th.
Callum Hinze: This is your last chance to get amongst it. Yep, yep. And then ads on that, just graphics and videos for that offer?
Kyle Musca: Graphics, videos. This time, what I think, again, like this time we don't just direct to a landing page self-sign up. This is more of a nurture of chat, call, sell.
Callum Hinze: Cool. And then we'll have some other sort of just alternate script. To send Klamaya to follow for that as well. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Pretty much like we'll just have to alter the script a little bit. But again, it'd be mainly, like I don't think we'll require like that much work overall simply because like we've got the skeleton of everything. It's just repackaging it to be this challenge funnel. And then the only other thing I would need you to do before Monday then is basically we need the prize pool again. So cool thing is that we're doing two challenge winners so we can really push this to be pretty  big in terms of one, I think you'd probably have a defined giveaway option, shouldn't you?
Callum Hinze: I could negotiate something, I'm sure, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, $250, even $500, you know, $250 each because it's three months apart. I'm sure they'll be fine with it. Do you have any other sponsors?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, EHP as well.
Kyle Musca: We're So I'd be happy to do some stuff. Yeah. So I reckon you could do easy $250, $250, $500. That's $1,000 there. And then you could do $3,000. Let's say three months of coaching, we'll call it $3,000. That's $6,000. So that's $7,000 of prizes right there. See if you can throw anything else in there as well. Like we can get that to like $10,000 or something like that. Fantastic. Yeah. I mean, technically you could say $10,000 because everyone that comes through is going to win a $500 voucher to put towards coaching. So, I mean, you can say that's a part of it as well.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Does that all make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Beautiful stuff.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah. So I just need the, I guess, core details realistically. I should actually have, let me see something real quick. This should kind of give me the bones of what I need. Where is that? Thank you. I reckon, yeah, all I really need is this stuff. Prize point, big promise, target audience, bonuses, guarantee, launch date. And then I'm going to add. Cool. Prize point, you don't really need to add, but I guess we'll add it anyway.
Callum Hinze: Yep. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Then. So now what I reckon we do is, is there anything you want to specifically cover on this call, by the way, before I move into this next part?
Callum Hinze: Not really, just reading over these challenge details, we still just push it for a 12-week thing, hey.
Kyle Musca: Now do, so do three months and six months.
Callum Hinze: Okay, cool, cool. And then do you want me just to fill this little, this thing out you've sent, and just send it back to you to punch into? Oh, if I have that, I can create the scripts and everything from it.
Kyle Musca: I just need like, some of the stuff I won't even include in the scripts, like price I won't include. I don't even think I'll include duration, to be honest.
Callum Hinze: We'll just call it a New Year's challenge.
Kyle Musca: Target audience. Target audience, I've already got that. Your target audience sheet. So you can just say use target audience sheet. Bonuses included. That's probably important. Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Title-wise, like just something relating to New Year's.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. New Year's. Whatever. Even something like that, like play around with it. Don't rush it. Even put it into ChatGPT. So, you know, this is my target audience. This is who I am. I'm wanting to do a New Year's challenge. Give me some cool name ideas that I can do.
Callum Hinze: Yep. Sweet.
Kyle Musca: Oh, actually, I might even include in that. Edit. Testimonials. Yep. Testimonials. We'll just run with that.
Callum Hinze: That loop.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Now, the other thing I wanted to do is just sort of at this e-book. Do you play around with creating chat GPT projects?
Callum Hinze: No, what was sorry? Do you play around with creating chat GPT projects? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, to an extent. Not probably a lot, but on like a base level, I use that for the little e-book thing, but other than that, not a lot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would do is like, I guess meta would be a good one. Do you upload the files into it? Yeah. Yeah, so I would just say, I would create, there's a few different ones you could kind of put in here, to be honest. But I would just create a ton of these mega guides and just create a really geared towards making e-books. Because like, if you do it properly once, then you can kind of just spit these out. And I kind of want to do this myself anyway. Anyway, so I can, what I reckon we do is, what? did we call it last week? Oh, he's chatting.
Callum Hinze: Free resource or something.
Kyle Musca: you. Master Prompt for ebook, here we go. And you just copied this straight into it, did you, or?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, and I just went back and forth a bit just to make some adjustments to it already. Deep research thing on the structure of just free resources and that. I did an one this morning, actually, which is probably done, because it takes forever to load those up, doesn't it?
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
Callum Hinze: I did an updated one this morning, and it looked like it stopped loading, like, halfway through.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's annoying.
Callum Hinze: Oh, here we go. Still loading. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The other thing as well is I've got my ChatGPT geared towards doing this in the settings, but sometimes it should do it anyway, but I like to include make sure to slow it down and take your time to do it right, because what it will actually do is it will actually go into a higher level of learning and actually put more more energy into it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's see how that goes. And then if it's kind of, with something like this, we'll see how it goes. Likely around 23rd pages, yeah, cool. Yeah. So with something like this, it looks like it's going to do it anyway. But I would kind of almost break it down into section by section, because if it has to do too much at once, it can kind of like wig out.
Callum Hinze: Yep. I think I tried that this morning, but we asked too much of it at once. And then it sort of stopped loading like right at the end of it. Now it's just incomplete.
Kyle Musca: Make it anti-performing forward. Here's a breakdown. Yeah, cool. Page layout. Did it do this for you?
Callum Hinze: Um, it did. And then I went and, oh, actually, no, what's this bit?
Kyle Musca: So this is where it's like mapping out the actual how to manage the e-book.
Callum Hinze: Oh, yeah, I did do this. Yeah. And then the next stage of just...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's probably, word count, 9000, dark masculine palette, perfect. Next step, phase two, science-based research, where each topic is expanded, which is a dip. What I would even do for something like this, I won't do it right now because it takes too long, but you could even say, because it's saying now it's going to go do research on a science-based content and research. What I would do there is I would, like, go and deep research it, and I would say for phase two, make sure you use deep research. Okay. Because then it will go through all these points here, foundations of fat loss, body recomposition, muscle growth, nutrition, diet strategy, and it will, like, deep research it properly.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I'm not going to do that right now. It depends on how much you want to break it down, 14, I would probably almost do. I  know. Ah, right, it's doing the research. , dammit. Ah, right, right, right, right, okay. Okay, so yeah, I think what's probably happened to yours is that master prompt is like master prompting on it, how to actually write it, but it's not master prompting on it, actually writing it. Does that make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So what we'll do is I will say... Okay. Thank you.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I would break this down section by section. So I'll send this to you.
Callum Hinze: Awesome. You can just go in so much depth, always, you know, actually.
Kyle Musca: I like to change my settings in my chat GPT, so it, like, always goes into a lot more depth, which is sometimes a bit annoying, but. Oh, it's struggling. Okay. Wherever it says target audience, I would just go into Slack and actually grab your target audience sheet and just enter that in there. Okay. Let me see how this goes. how this Let me see this this see how this goes. this Let Let Good. And then obviously just make sure you say no hyphens and stuff.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. You think they would have fixed that by now, eh? The hyphen default thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it's funny when, like, it's kind of good. The  idiots that don't know how to use ChatGPT, like, we'll send you a cancellation message trying to rebuttal you. It's good. Yeah. I just like I just call them out and I'm like, man, ChatGPT is not a  lawyer.
Callum Hinze: I get guys doing check-ins. They send through check-in responses with ChatGPT answers.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, oh.
Callum Hinze: Actually, it's actually helpful because it's always a guy that don't speak the best English, so it makes things more understandable on my end. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So even this, I would, so I, because I said to do it all in one go, you can see that it hasn't given heaps of information. I would even say just like, I would break it down to doing one by one. So it's like building muscle while losing fat. Give me a full breakdown on everything this. Yeah, okay. But you can see the information seems correct from a quick glance. 1.6 to 2.2 grams of protein split between 3 to 3 5 meals, 20 to 40 grams of protein each.
Callum Hinze: So just a bit more detail as to the reason why.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, the thing with all this informational stuff is we always want to talk about the what, but not the how. So this is the what, right? This is 1.6 to 2.2 grams of proteins between three to five meals. It's what to do, but it's not how to do it. It's not like we're giving a meal plan that has that in it.
Callum Hinze: Because that's what people... Yeah, okay. Makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Training is like the bill signal. Protein is the bricks. So it repairs and grows strong. Yeah, cool. So the other thing I'd be cautious about is just stuff like graphic ideas. Because like if you send that to Lucky, he's probably just going to  copy that straight into the e-book. So just be careful. Like I would even say just like write this exactly how I would send to my graphic designer.
Callum Hinze: Yep, yep, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then in a project file, what I would probably do is obviously get the deep research we already did on how to write the e-book, which I'm pretty sure we did up here. We did it somewhere. Anyway, download that into a file. I would also get one on, I would do a deep research on a specific topic. So, like, I want to do an e-book for fat loss for men between the ages of 25 to 50. These are, I think we did that. Let me actually, where is it? This chat's so long that it's, yeah. So do the deep research on it. I want to write a, I want to write an e-book on how men 25 to 45 lose weight, including training, nutrition,  sleep, stress, hormones, all that stuff, everything you want to include in it. And I want you to go research the best coaches in the world on these topics, such as John. We would X, Y, Z. And I want this to be purely informational. I want this to include all the information on the topics that I've just given you. And then I would do a separate one on I'm wanting to write a health and fitness e-book for men between the ages of 25 to 50. And I want you to go research the best copywriters in the world, the best e-book creators in the world on how to actually structure an e-book that is designed to, you know, basically get people to engage with my coaching services. And then even a third one, like, I want you to go deep research on how to write like a human. I want you to be, I was like doing this with like DM ones and even like, again, e-book ones that suits well. I want you to, you know, research on exactly how you would write as an actual human. And I want you to make it very humanized to make it seem like it's not chat GPT at all or robotic or anything like that. And then if you create like a project, but those three files in it. And you should be fairly good.
Callum Hinze: All right, sweet. I'll do that. I will do that.
Kyle Musca: Because I'd be really keen to see how that goes. It would probably give it, you know, a bit of, I guess, juice in the marketing in terms of graphics, obviously, easy. But, like, even just some videos and stuff, you know what mean? Because, like, if you did – and what I reckon we even do is – because we'll probably try and get – oh, you'll be away. Hmm. When do you leave again?
Callum Hinze: Next? Next Wednesday.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Callum Hinze: I can always make time to do stuff while we're there, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you guys are back for two weeks after that, aren't you?
Callum Hinze: Pretty much, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so we might get the end of year stuff done because that's probably a little bit more important at the moment. And then in that gap, we might even get some More ads filmed in that time, but we might just split test the CTA, you know what mean? And like, if you're my ultimate, like, fat, you know, fat loss ebook, just DM me the word, fat loss versus, you know, if you want to get a coach to help you actually, like, fix this problem.
Callum Hinze: Yep.
Kyle Musca: I mean, because then it's like, we're doubling it up there and we can just split test what works better. So, obviously, the lead, mate, should theoretically bring in us a lot better of a cost per lead. Cool.
Callum Hinze: Does that all make sense? There's more ads on the way as well. I think, before we're still editing up, one of those last batch was, like, three. So, they should probably be here soon, between now and then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Okay. So, that gives us good to be able to stand on. Does that all make sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, definitely. Definitely. I'll just, I'll pretty much just start that ebook from scratch, I think, sort of go into a more depth of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I would say probably just break it down into sections because if you try and get it to write it all at once, it will. We go, I'm not doing very well. So biggest thing is this week, I think, is just one, get the, we'll try and finish that up and we can start getting lucky to edit it. The other cool thing with these as well, just on that before I move on, is like, you know, we're trying to accumulate these with time and do, you know, a bulking one, muscle hypertrophy, advanced nutrition, whatever. We'll get to all that , but then you can use them as like selling points in your actual coaching program and stuff.
Callum Hinze: Like anyone that signs up gets access to all these e-books. Yeah, may as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then from there, again, this is, you know, probably down the line, we'll give it some time. We may even look at like breaking into like presentations and stuff. Cause if you had like an advanced, you know, nutrition module and stuff, that'd also be great for, you know, internal side of things.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. We see how people do like the, they'll put out some sort of resource and it's like a database. They'll almost use like notion as like a database of different pieces of resources and videos. business. That'd be cool to make up in some sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can do it through Notion, through YouTube. What you'd probably do there is like we could just do that through ClickFunnels, to be honest, because we want to be able to gather the information by opting in. So we'll work with all that, but I think that probably easiest to start with the e-book so we can collect all the information. And then once we have all the information, we can say like, okay, just break this into a presentation. And then you can just go through and  power through it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, okay, cool. I'll get a bunch. I can make like, what, gather 20 e-books over time, really, and just compile them all together?
Kyle Musca: Well, realistically, like if we set this project up right, and I'm going to spend some time on doing it myself, actually, because I want to do this as a good idea. It should take you like  20, 30 minutes to be able to pump out a good quality e-book. So it's like, if we can maintain like one a week. Yeah. I mean, it wouldn't even take you long. After four or five weeks, you could start pumping out presentations with them.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then what you could do as well is, you know, you could even use that as a story, like lead magnet organically and just like, you know, sign up to this and every single week I'm going to, you know, even like maybe an email marketing thing or something like that. But something simple, every single week I'm just going to send out a new piece of educational content free. Yep.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, might as well.
Kyle Musca: Might.
Callum Hinze: That's easy.
Kyle Musca: Then the only other thing is I would, yeah, really, really recommend reviewing Jake's calls, spending some time on that because that, you know, if we're spending, you know, 1,500, let's say, on ads and he's just not closing properly at all and just trying to get low ticket sales and . It's going to completely waste your money on ad spend. And then also waste the money on potential clients that you would have gotten otherwise. That's something you have to really take into consideration is money lost from not actually getting clients. And again, in my experience with him, like he says the right thing is dear. He says it sounds good and like he kind of deflects it as if it's not his problem and he's doing things or whatever. It seemed like it certainly wasn't the case. So just be real cautious with that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Review Jake. Finish the e-book.
Kyle Musca: Get the challenge stuff done from what I was saying before. And then after you review Jake's calls and stuff, if it's like to the point where, you know, he's just trying to sell low ticket  and it's just not happy, you're not happy with it. I would honestly say it's probably better us just to dial the ads right back down and you just stay really profit heavy for this little period of time while you're away. Just enjoy it a little bit. And we can get like these e-books and we can start like getting these structures done. So So We can push them harder.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. I'll do a good review first and make a good decision then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, because it's tedious. I know. You don't have to watch the entire call. I would just go to the last 15, 20 minutes or whatever where he's doing the close just to make sure.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Sick. Cool, bro. Anything you want to run over quickly?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I think that's all for now. Pretty sweet. I believe, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. I'll keep scaling your fitness side of things. turned the broad one off, so I'll keep scaling the fitness side of things and we'll see if the quality picks up from there as well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, sweet. Do you want to, well, should we continue running these ads for a bit then? These current ones are up?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the fitness ones are performing decently well, so we'll just continue running them and then, yeah, go from there.
Callum Hinze: Cool. Well, I'll just, yeah, Vaughn's ones should be here soon, but we'll just keep them on the, in the log for when we need them, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick man. Awesome. Cool. If you need me for anything, just let me know. you get stuck on the e-book or anything, just let me know.
Callum Hinze: All right. We'll do.
Kyle Musca: We'll do. I'll get to work on that. Imagine. Cheers, man. All right. I'll chat to you soon. Enjoy the rest of the week. All right. We'll do. Thanks again. See you. Bye.


>>> 224/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-23T06:00:06Z | id:96174051
People: Kyle Musca

emily paige: This meeting is being recorded. I have. Clemette's just hooking. It's so good. Like, I actually don't know how I was managing without her. She's constantly looking at my phone thinking I'm getting some sort of Instagram notification, and she's just in all these conversations.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, beautiful. Cool. Yeah, she's an absolute lifesaver. Is she the conversations and everything you're happy with in terms of, you know, the personalization?
emily paige: Well, I haven't even had to really worry about it because I'm just seeing all these calls getting. So I'm like, she's obviously doing something right. And she's so many conversations. And I went through a few of them. And it sounds like me, you know, so yeah. Yeah. when I get on the calls with all the girls, they seem so normal.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, perfect.
emily paige: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. First thing before we dive into things, do you get the check-in form? Did that come through?
emily paige: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: it come through?
emily paige: I don't know. I haven't seen.
Kyle Musca: Let me double check. We'll start tracking this just because there will be like data and stuff that will need moving forward. I'll just make sure of that.
emily paige: Okay.
Kyle Musca: How many calls have you had this week?
emily paige: Let me actually see because there's been quite a few. Okay. Okay. So, um, um, On, so on Saturday I had two, and then on Monday I had five, on Tuesday I had one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, and then Wednesday I had one, two, three, four, five, and then today I've got four, and then tomorrow I've got two, and Saturday I've got two, and then Tuesday I've got one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, wow.
emily paige: Okay, so that's, that's exactly. Back to back from 1.30 to 6. It's crazy. Like, I get to the end of them, I'm going, oh my gosh, like, okay, now I've got to onboard them, and I've got to make their programs, and then I've got to do check-ins with the girls, and I'm like, I need someone. Yeah. But it's great, I'm loving it, but I can definitely see that now the calls start to get a bit repetitive, which is good though, like, if I'm finding it repetitive, that's good, because obviously I'm doing it a lot. but, yeah, I'm enjoying it as of right now, because...
Kyle Musca: Majority of the girls are joining. Yeah, sick. So on that, yeah, like if the calls are getting boring, that's probably, it's a good sign because it means you're probably getting really confident and comfortable with them.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it's like, you know, if you're making a lot of money, then it's a good boring to have. So out of all those calls, how many girls did you end up signing up?
emily paige: Let me just have a quick look. So those calls so far, let me go on to.
Kyle Musca: Are you, have I seen you through my closing template?
emily paige: No, I don't think so. So out of all of them, let's see. So I've got 10 girls that have joined so far in the last like this week.
Kyle Musca: Oh, . Okay. Nice.
emily paige: How many, what's that? Well, cause all of them paid me directly to my BSB and that was amazing. Cause then obviously I don't have to worry about. Yeah. Like Newey taking anything, but on the Newey app itself, it was 14K, which is like pretty good. And then plus on top of that, I've had, well, we can see my business account because I only recently actually got this business account sorted and I've done a few payments, like I've paid Clemé and stuff like that. But since kind of like starting all these calls and then plus I've got payouts from Newey, I've made 15K on, I can see that it's come in this month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Awesome. All right. So those are some really good numbers, especially having pretty much no overheads on ads or anything like that. I reckon we ride that wave as long as possible. Ads are just good, you know, to bring leads in when things slow down a little bit.
emily paige: I've got actually 4K that's coming in. So all together, I think it'll be 20K.
Kyle Musca: This one.
emily paige: No, like within the last three weeks, which is pretty good. That's like, oh, that's double what I was making before. And we literally just started and I've got all calls booked for the next two weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Beautiful. Okay. Awesome. So just quickly on that, this is the closer note template. So just make a copy of it. Just very, very simple and straightforward. You just record that, obviously, the name of the call, the date of the call, the outcome. So was it a sold, a no-show, cancelled, unsuccessful, reschedule, two quick quotes. Just the package so you can name them whatever you want. Payment type. So it's a paid and full deposit payment plan or 100% payment plan. Yeah. How much cash should you put on the call? How much are they repaying each month? Any notes which you won't usually need to put in. And then is it a direct or lead magnet or... Could even add, we should add.
emily paige: Just Instagram.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, organic.
emily paige: Yeah, it's been insane, the organic, but I've definitely tried to keep it, like, not too pushy and, like, with, on my account, you know, like, I don't want to be spamming the  out of it. But I do think that, like, even I've been posting some reels and just normal grid posts that have been going off. Like, even from last time I sent you a message, my analytics, I've had, I think now it's, like, 8.5 million profile views within the last however long. So it's, like, doing good and I can see it because there's so many girls coming in messaging.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. I mean, we can even, like, let's just double down on the organic and, like, try and squeeze that as much as possible without being pushy. We never want to be pushy organic. And it's just, just having as many, like, little, I guess, hooks out there that it just makes, it's super easy and clear for people to reach out to you. Yeah. We'll about that and getting a coach in this session. So is there anything else you want to chat about in this call?
emily paige: The main thing would be about looking for another coach because I think that as soon as I get a coach under me, I'd be happy to push ads because I'm so fine to take calls. I feel like calls is my specialty, to be honest, because I'm quite good at selling. I've always been kind of good at using my words and stuff like that. But so I feel like if I had a coach under me who I knew, okay, I can, there's no sort of limit with how many girls I can bring on. I can just focus on the calls and doing like a few check-ins a week, then I would have a lot more energy to do even more calls.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So definitely number one thing for you right now is getting a coach just because you're getting so much volume that you might as well just do that. One, they're very cost-effective, but it just free your time up so, so much. So it's like you live the best of both worlds. Um, okay, beautiful. Now, in order to do that, first and foremost, have you asked around, do you know anyone off the top of your head that would be a good fit for it?
emily paige: Like, I was trying to look on Instagram and just, like, even some girls. It's so hard to find someone who I don't think is going to be, like, super ambitious and who's going to be, like, you know, trying to, I don't know. You know, because I know what you said in the voice message, and I agree with it. Like, I want someone who's a coach, who's good, who has a good physique, that I don't think is going to try to go off and, I don't know, do what happened to Jess. Yeah. Because that would be so annoying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, there's a fair few of them out there. It's just that you kind of don't, they're not usually top of mind people because they're not, you know, they don't have a big following and they don't post very often and all that stuff. So, what I reckon we really do need to get someone on ASAP for you. So there's two different things we could do. Well, these are basically the same thing. So first and foremost, we'll try one, run it organically, coach application. So what I'll do is I'll send this to you.
emily paige: Organically, it will actually work. I think there would be a few girls that would apply. And that would probably be better than if we were to just post it out to randoms. Because ideally, it would be good to have someone who's on the Gold Coast that I can actually connect with in person as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So there's that one. Yeah, it would be basically the same. My computer's stroging right now. Basically the same thing. So one, you'll just send. Do you use jot form or anything like that?
emily paige: No, not really.
Kyle Musca: Do you have any sort of form?
emily paige: No. I used to, but not anymore. Because even when I was doing the coaching, I just got a bunch of rent. And people filling out JotForms.
Kyle Musca: You might want to look at getting JotForms. I mean, there's this and there's one other cool thing I only went to the other day that I really, really like. We'll come back to that. Remind me, it's the contract agreement. But essentially, you just want to do some kind of form thing where they can submit because we just get the URL. And then you just post up on your story, like the team is growing. I'm so excited to, you know, I'm so excited to announce I'm looking for a coach to join the team, whatever. Again, simple story graphic. If you're, you know, if you're a coach who loves helping women become the best version of themselves, X, Y, Z, apply below.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I mean, just something simple. It's a bit crazy.
emily paige: That's it. would be crazy.
Kyle Musca: Oh, sorry. Sorry. Kind of exactly like the organic CTAs you do for, you know, girls to DMU. Same thing for the coach.
emily paige: application. Yeah. Okay. Easy. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: So try and get that up today. We'll see how we go. Hopefully, we can get someone from that. Otherwise, we can just run an ad for it. So when you create the graphic, just save it without the link. So, you know, how you can...
emily paige: It's going to be underneath or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, when we go to run it as an ad, like, it will just automatically attach the link to the bottom of it. Like, it will actually be a clickable thing. Whereas, like, if you just save the photo and it has, like, the link still attached, that link won't be clickable.
emily paige: Okay. Yeah. No. I know exactly what you mean. Like, they swipe up type of thing. So I shouldn't put writing on the bottom.
Kyle Musca: Yes, that as well. But, like, it's kind of hard to explain. You know how, you know how if you're going to post this as an organic, you click the actual, like, add link option and then you add the link?
emily paige: No, I know. I know exactly what mean because Sages always comes up and it's like swipe up to learn more or whatever or click here to learn more and it's already on there. Yeah, So that's what does it itself when you post it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So cool. Just create this. can basically copy it, you know, exactly how it is. And then, yeah, people would just apply and then you just arrange calls with them and then interview them. Make sure you feel, obviously, they're experienced and that they're trained and they're who you're looking for. But I find, you know, just feeling right with the coach that you interview is a huge thing. Like they need to obviously represent you and the brand and you need to get along with them. Now, with hiring a coach, it's very, very, very important that you set the standard early in terms of they really understand their job. They understand that, you know, you obviously want a really great community and you want to like, you know, be all happy, buddy, buddy. But at the end of the day, the business does come first and like they do need to be making sure that they are on top of things and they are getting their KPIs done. Because the quality of service that we bring to the clients is better than anyone else's and we need to uphold that standard. Yeah. So a huge, huge thing is like I've realized it's just setting the standard. That's an issue Jess made at the very start. She didn't set the standard and then Jessie started to overstep. And then you run into all these issues.
emily paige: She was trying to be like head coach or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, she like started to, you know, obviously Jess kind of brought her on a little bit too much and didn't really, I guess, really define the role for Jessie. then Jessie was like, oh, like I want to be a partner in the business. I'm doing all this work X, Y, Z. And then like Jess had all these like payment issues with her because now Jessie was wanting to be paid more for the work that she was doing. She was already getting paid well. And then I told her that and I was like, you should just fire and get a new coach. And then she did it. And then like months went by and she continued dealing with the exact same issues and everything.
emily paige: And now she's had to bring on as an employee, which just makes a really. Oh, okay. Yeah, no. You're so clarifying that from the start. Like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just be like, and the way you just say, you say it like nicely and everything. Like, at the end of the day, like, I'm going to handle all the business. I'm going to handle all the marketing. I'm to handle all the, you know, the annoying conversations of cancellations, fail payments, and everything like that. Um, and all you need to focus on is just being the best coach you can be, making sure that response times are quick, obviously, within business hours. Um, there should never be a time where a client goes really an hour, but maximum two hours without a response. Um, we still want to be, you know, the good thing about this is that it is a flexible job. You can do it anywhere in the world and you can realistically do, you know, it, you know, on your own times. You can be replying back to messages while you're chilling down at the beach if you want to, as long as the messages are getting replied to, as long as the check-ins are getting done on a certain day, when they're scheduled to be done, and they're getting done on time. You know, making sure that, you know, you can have that flexibility. But you need to do your job. And I don't want to micromanage you.
emily paige: If I have to start micromanaging you, we're going to have problems. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly what you said then is like exactly what I need to say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Basically, it needs to be like, obviously, you don't want like scare them or anything, but they need to be very aware that they, this isn't just a.
emily paige: needs to be like black and white.
Kyle Musca: That's just what it is. Yeah. This isn't just a golden ticket where I pay you and you just  lounge around all day and you go to Bali and, you know, look like you're living a life. You can do that. I don't care, but make sure you're doing your job.
emily paige: Yeah, exactly. Okay. Well, yeah, that's what I'll do then. I'll create a job form based off the one that you sent me and just like do my own colors and stuff like that. And then I reckon even tonight or something at six o'clock, that's usually when people on their phones, I'll post stuff on my story. Even if you have like a recommendation on what I should say on like this text or whatever on my story.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, what we could do, yeah, there's a good example. With the job form as well, you can just, you don't have to create it from scratch, you can just copy the link I sent you, and I'll get you to, I'll show you in a second, but yeah, we'll create it based off that. We'll just create a copy. Finding a coach, here we go. So it's something like this.
emily paige: Okay, yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: And then like, what are, yeah. Why is that not working?
emily paige: I think you need to like just.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah. Then what I was saying is just to 100% clarify, when you post it on your organic one, you'll add like the link here, for example, whereas you'll just save the image without it because the link will be here.
emily paige: Yeah, I think that first I should just post it organically before running it as an ad just to see how like if we end up finding someone and then if not, then run it as an ad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. I would just save the image itself before you add the link. That come through once. Wow, this thing is struggling. There's that one.
emily paige: And what were you going say about the other jot form as well, by the way?
Kyle Musca: So that is the client agreement that I've recently added and it's going to be a really good tool. So again, something a bit more casual. Just like that. You do. Like, you'll make it your own. Yeah. Does that all make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, two things with the job form. One is, if you go to create job form, right?
emily paige: Yeah. could create job form.
Kyle Musca: Then you'll go form. And then you'll go convert existing form in seconds. Import form. Oh, okay. From a web page. then you just enter the URL.
emily paige: It should just copy the type form. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's easy. So, yeah, just copy the URL. Now, the other thing is, if you're going to get job form, it's really good for check-ins as well.
emily paige: Like, what do you use for check-ins? I actually went through kahunas.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay. So, this is going to check-in form, then. It's fine. Obviously, I The other thing is, client agreement, here we go. Cool, so this is the client agreement that I've recently added that I've started sending through to coaches. I've tried different ways of doing it, so it's kind of clunky and hard to do, but job form kind of makes it quite easy to do, actually. So the issue with something like Newey, right, is that, like, although they are signing an e-signature to agree to the thing, they don't actually officially sign anything. And when you get into, like, building a business to, like, larger, it's got, like, a lot more moving parts, and you start to get into ads, you know, ads which are called audiences. Inevitably, you're dealing with bigger numbers, which means you'll deal with more dickheads and their annoyance. And we may even look at, you know, bringing out. Yeah. Potential debt collectors for the ones that are like really annoying and really bad. would avoid using debt collectors if it's need be, but like if just someone's an absolute prick and they're just refusing to pay you even though you've done all the work, then you need something a little bit more enforcing. And you don't want to like kind of clog up your brain with it because it's a really annoying conversation. So that's what this is. So when a client signs up, I send them this message when I create the group chat. So, hey, I just wanted to introduce you guys. Step number one, read through the accountability and fill in the info. So I call it an accountability form. Make sure you watch this view, which is basically me showing exactly how to set up the app, WhatsApp, everything, and then join our VIP group chat, which is a pretty simple onboarding text. That agreement, that accountability form is this, right? That's the name, first name, last name, birthday, what, simple ? Address, so if you ever were to get a debt collection agency on board, which is pretty affordable, I think I pay like $35 a week, and then when you actually upload a debt, you can click to add a 20% fee, which covers the debt collectors, so the client pays it for you. Yeah, so the address, if you get their address here, then they'll actually start like sending them like email, like mail outs and stuff, and notice of payment, and you know, potentially even start like going to the house. Yeah.
emily paige: Have you had to do that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, official.
emily paige: Have you had to actually do that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. But the issue I have is because they can't, my apps is kind of like Nui where they tick the terms and conditions, but there's no like technical contract that they've signed that you can actually show that their details are all on this, and they have physically signed this, which is annoying, because then you can't really do anything. They still annoy them, and they still pester them, but they can't really enforce anything. And on this, like, I'm not saying, you know, someone's payments failed, so just go  gunslinging and put them on debt collectors. It's like if you, you know, get them to sign up for six months and then a weekend, they're like, oh, I want to cancel. And you're like, well, that's not how this works. Like, you've agreed to a certain period. I'm happy to work with you to sort something else out. And they're just like, no, it's not my problem. you. Like, I'm not paying it and everything like that. And they're just a real annoying prick about it. Then it's just like, whatever, you're not my problem.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: yeah. So, and we can discuss if that comes up. But best to have this as well. And this does work as an accountability form as well. That's why I call it that. So, it's like, what's your main roadblock with your mindset, you know, main health and mindset goals, main physique goals, main fitness performance goals? And then it's like, why now? So, it's like getting them just to, you know, agree to certain, you know, within themselves after they've just committed to the program on how committed they're going to be to actually doing it. So, when they put things to pen to paper and... And they actually, you know, kind of verbally say it out loud. It's no longer a thought. It's actually a physical thing that they've agreed to and they've committed themselves to.
emily paige: And I love that training schedule even down there as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Health conditions, you know, all that stuff. Training schedule. So I might even remove that actually because I don't think my coaches really check this.
emily paige: Yeah, because I've got an initial questionnaire form that Kahuna's does. And it, like, sends it out to them automatically when they get onto the app. So I don't know if I can even, like, do it on there instead. You know what I mean? So it's not like the game true question is.
Kyle Musca: So the Kahuna's one, because I was speaking to Jesse about this the other day, the Kahuna's one I would do for, like, normal programming stuff, like, height, age, weight, and everything like that. Like, because my app does that as well. Well, this is more so to disguise, not to disguise the contract, but this is to get them to, you know, add their account. You Reliability stuff. then promise to yourself, like, it's just getting them to hold themselves accountable. Any regards, no diet history training program. Cool. Now this is the reason I do it. Like all that other stuff, if it was just that, I wouldn't do it. Yeah. This is the reason I do it, which is. The signature, I'll get all that. Yeah, I've got programming one. I'm on, you know, whatever you call it. Let's say gold, which is my core one. Six months. So that's just them agreeing to it. Then they sign here. They physically sign it. And then they click submit. But what we've actually got here is, as you can see, view full terms and conditions. And this is the entire contract attached.
emily paige: Right.
Kyle Musca: So even if, because it condenses it, so it doesn't stick out like a soft thumb. If they wanted to read it, they can. Realistically, even if they did open it up and click it, like it was general stuff. If we scroll down here, it's like minimum sign up. Now, if you just agreed to go with six months, it's these amounts for this long.
emily paige: Right, okay.
Kyle Musca: Cannot be terminated early unless outstanding balance is paid. Any overdue mispayments are referred to a third-party debt collection service. Once referred, client agrees to pay recovery fees no less than 20%. Yeah. Any legal costs associated. Guaranteed results. Refund policies, there's no refunds allowed. So you'll get people to come back and be like, all right, I want a refund. I'm going to use it. So that's not how it works. I didn't sign anything. You did sign something. Limitations, governing laws, amenities, entire agreement.
emily paige: So it's more so the contract more than this stuff. so good.
Kyle Musca: Can you send that to me, please?
emily paige: Or like, can I see how to do that? Yeah. And then I can just design it myself. Yeah, so pretty much everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So once you... Copy that into JotForm. Like, all the questions will be the same.
emily paige: You just change the background image. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's so good to have.
Kyle Musca: That's really handy. Yeah, because I have gone the longest time without having, like, an actual physical contract because it's quite hard to do. That, I've tried DocuSign and everything like that. DocuSign's just  clunky. That's just a nice, easy way to add it. And then, with that, obviously, just make sure that all the wording is changed to your wording, especially in the contract.
emily paige: Yeah. But it's pretty much the same thing except for, obviously, the name.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would even just put this in chat, Chippity, and just say, like, give me a list of all the things that I need to change this into my, you know, branding, essentially, and then get it.
emily paige: Do you use a guarantee in your closing call? No. No.
Kyle Musca: I don't think so.
emily paige: Yes, I'll definitely use a guarantee. Is that what you were telling me to say about if they don't get the results? I'll give them a review. Yeah. No, I don't. I haven't really needed to, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, so again, you're in warm, very warm territory with your leads, which is good. It's going to get you really confident with sales and get you good at the sales process. The guarantee just kind of takes away all fear and doubt. Because if you just say like, hey, if you follow the program and you don't get the result that you are looking for, I'll guarantee, I'll give you all your money back plus $500. Like all of a sudden, you know, if I did that, be like, well, , this person's not  around. And then obviously that's why we have it in the contract though. Like to achieve that, they have to, you know, commit to 80% of the program calorie food to follow at least 80% of the nutrition plan track, least 80% of the calorie food intake. Communicate with the coach at least three times a week. Complete all weekly check-ins and data track. Like if they do all that, they'll get the result because that's obviously a really committed client.
emily paige: So I'm more than happy to say that. yeah. See, I think that definitely, especially when we start running ads or maybe if I can tell that someone's on the fence, then saying that would be really beneficial. Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it takes away all fear and doubt. Yeah, cool. Yeah. Does that all make sense?
emily paige: Yeah, everything makes sense. Yeah, I think it's actually been really beneficial because this call I pretty much just mainly wanted to go over, obviously, like what I should do about with like having a coach. How should I even go about finding someone? And then like all of this is so good as well on top of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd be pretty surprised if you don't get something organically. But if we do need to run an ad, like historically, I've done it twice. fine. about that. It's it's Amway. Thank About $200 to $250, and they both brought in $30 to $40 each. Like one has $30, the other one has $40 coaching applications.
emily paige: That's so good. Okay, well, yeah, I don't think we'll even probably need to, ideally, because I've got a lot of coaches that follow me, because I was trying to look through my own following. And there's so many girls there, but I'm just kind of like, I don't even know how to filter through, you know. So it'll be good. I think it'll be good. But I'll post it tonight, and I'll keep you updated anyways with how it goes. And then, yeah, go through, book calls with them, organize all of that. And then maybe even next week, I don't know, because I've got a full week of calls, and with how Clemé is going and how many conversations she's in, I'll probably be booking calls all next week. So even if next week, when we get on our call, we can go through kind of who's responded, and then you can tell me what you should say on the calls, and we can get, like, a script going or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, the... the... We can chat about that earlier if, like, you get someone early because, like, realistically, the volume you're getting is, like, trying to get someone on ASAP. If they're the right fit, you know, don't rush it. But, like, if they're, you know, you're, like, certain that this is the girl, then go for it. It's a pretty easy process, to be honest. Like, one, we'll get them to sign the contract and everything, which I've got, and I'll send through to you when time's right. Then there's the payment structure side of things, which is pretty chill. Usually, I'll start off with, like, you know, you'll have two different packages. Just start with it, they'll get, and then you'll put, like, if someone pays you $5,000 for six months, I assume you'll probably continue working with them for just for now while that coach is getting their grounding. And in the future, they can even look at taking them. But realistically, like, I would start with, for the lower ticket packages, $17.50 per client per week. And then for the higher ticket one, like, the mid-ticket call one. One, 2250, yeah, 2250 per client per week, but just make it very, so there's two key things with that. One is make it very aware that like that's just their sort of trial period and then you do, you very much intend to increase that once they show that they're the right fit for this and then they show that they're our passion about, you know, helping these women because then you go from 1750 to 20 to 22 and then potentially even 25. So you've got room to actually like give them pay rises as time goes on. The other thing is the way you say that is like $17.50 sounds kind of  for, you know, a check-in client per week, but you say like realistically, like it's not crazy amount of work. It's probably max, you know, 15 minutes per check-in per week. So even if we did conservative around that right up to 20 minutes, you should still easily be able to get, you know, three of those done in an hour. And on an alley, right, that's, you know, rough. Hopefully, if we average that out, it's about $60 an hour with, you know, getting up to, if we were, you know, for that, you know, ideally, if we got, as we increase, you could even be on, you know, $70, $80, $90 an hour.
emily paige: Yeah, that's good. No, the way that you said that makes it sound a lot better because $17.50, I wouldn't be, I wouldn't be doing that. But also, these girls are struggling to get their own clients. So, if you think about, like, if they're doing, like, eventually 20 clients per week, it's beneficial for them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, well, they're not, they don't have to deal with anything else part of the business. It's just check-ins. They just sit down, reply to messages, get check-ins done, do the programming properly for each client. And again, you just sell, one, the hourly rate, which is not an hourly rate. Even my coaches, like, I've had my coaches up to, you know, 80 clients and it's still only, like, 25, 30 hours a week of work for them. And that's me paying them, like, almost two and a half grand a week. Um. Yeah. And, again, meta-celled is like you can work anywhere in the world. You know, you're technically on your own time. You can be chilling down at the beach, tanning or in Bali, whatever you want to do. But as long as replies are getting done on time and in depth, then, you know, it's pretty flexible in that regard. So it's a lifestyle as well.
emily paige: Yeah. No, definitely. Okay. Well, I can say all of that. I need to remember.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I also need a recap.
emily paige: should have it. All in there. Yeah. Oh, yeah. True. Because you got that. That would be good if you can send me that because that way then I can actually remember it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, again, it's like showing the great lifestyle you can have, but this isn't a walk in the park.
emily paige: You do have to work. Yeah, exactly. Oh, I'm kidding. This will be good. This will take a lot of time off my hands because right now it's like I do all the calls in the morning. I'm like check-ins, then do my own training, and then literally I've been doing programs and onboarding. Thank It's until like 10 o'clock at night and on repeat every single day. was like, wow, it's gone from zero to 100, which is amazing. But yeah, it'll be a lot easier when I've got a coach. Not easier, but it'll take time off my hands, which will be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like the good thing about where yours is at is because it has gone zero to 100 so quick. It's like you're trying to, you're kind of condensing all the like groundwork that you have to do into like a really short thing because it's playing so well. So now it's like, just need to buy back your time. That's our next step, which is a great step to be at. So yeah, jump on the coaching stuff. Now, the other thing I quickly want to run through is just because your organic is going so well, different ways we can really capitalize on that. So it really depends on how much you want to, I guess, not scrape, but like really, you know, squeeze this as much as possible. Well, Coburn does this really well through Hardee's account.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: As well as the ads, her ads run obviously really, really well, but COVID's very good at staying on top of the organic side of things. So there's a couple of different ways you can go about organic CTAs and just ways to obviously start conversations. Yeah. Now, one is when you're doing these, you know, posts and reels and everything like that, which, you know, these ones are popping up, for example. And then do you write this or do you put this into ChatGPT? ChatGPT. Yeah, cool. I've already. If you feel that DMing toned.
emily paige: I've been doing that for every single one of my posts at the moment. I'm like very much onto it with the socials and I think that's why it's doing well. And like even I've got a highlight I added that says limited spots because those, those. Those two stories got, like, so much traction, so obviously they work. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, yeah, perfect. So you're just doing that. One thing, just so we can actually filter where these people are coming from, is, so is this your main chat?
emily paige: I think so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So what I would do is come in here, come in here and then, one, reword this one. So this is my, obviously my one, so I'll word it, but you just reword it to yours and add your transformation photos.
emily paige: Okay?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, this will be organic, so feel free to just reword it, and I'll come and change the tags and stuff if need be. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, and then, so, yeah, the rewordings are obviously pretty simple and straightforward. With the trigger word, just come in here, and then you'll see, like, user sent. This message is, you can, if you go edit automation, we'll say like add another trigger word, but you can just click into this and then just add it. So like it would be glow, for example, and I'm not going to do it now because it's not red. Glow, toned, right? And then basically when someone sends you through, let's say it was toned, this then fires off.
emily paige: Yeah, and that's what I needed to do.
Kyle Musca: So I'll get that done now then. Yeah, that'll be good. And then what's your DME glow for, yeah, perfect. So I would try and keep like your organic, just all like the same word, right? So that way we can have an organic one. So this is obviously going to, like it's, this templated one is the direct ads, but we'll change this one to organic because that's what we're running. And then we can kind of see, okay, how many people are actually messaging us through, or actually even better, which we can kind of do it on the same one. So there's a lot of like little things here that I've explained. Um, what I would do here is edit automation and I can, I can actually do this as well, but so that one would be glow and then you'll add trigger and then we've got user sends message. Now really important. have to change it from if message contains to message. Okay. Is, right, because if it's message contains, someone will be like, I just want to get more toned and then the automation will fire.
emily paige: If it is message is, then they have to just say tone. Right, yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So then we can do, um, you know, test two, for example. And then what we'll be able to do is we can filter. Let me go back here. And then we can filter. By the actual keyword, and then we'll be able to see the numbers between each.
emily paige: That's so good. Okay, well, I can, yeah, I think I need to do that, like, now, because what I've been doing is doing it automatically, like, through me. Like, I've been waiting and seeing if someone types GLOW, then I send them a message.
Kyle Musca: So it'll be so much easier if it's automated. Yeah, so this just, this just helps us to see data, for one, like, just, because then we can filter how many girls are messaging from, like, let's just say seeing your Instagram account, like, the GLOW versus when you put TONE on your actual, you know, video and reels and posts, essentially. Yeah. Cool. Perfect. Now, the other thing would be, so I've got this. So, I've So these are the different types of like organic CTAs you can do.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Now, obviously the direct one is kind of what you're already doing, which is working really, really well. So nothing to really explain that. Story, polls, and Q&As. Now, this is really, really good just to start conversations. The biggest thing you have to know here is Clem A can't start the conversation for you. You'll have to start the first message and then Clem A can take over from there.
emily paige: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. All right. So, basically. Yeah. So Q&A is obviously pretty simple. Like, you know, what are you struggling? And I would put more effort into this, but just off the top of my head. Like, what do you struggle with most when it comes to your answering a few questions?
emily paige: What do you struggle with most when it comes to your training nutrition? I feel like story polls would be better.
Kyle Musca: Story polls are less friction.
emily paige: So that's the thing you just have to, you know, remember.
Kyle Musca: But the Q&A is probably a little bit better in terms of because they'll actually put a message. You can then go reply to them personally on that.
emily paige: You know what mean? True.
Kyle Musca: I really struggle with finding work, finding foods around, you know, work as I work shift work. Oh, you know, that's super common. Shift work can be super hard to stay on top of the thing. What kind of shift work do you do, by the way?
emily paige: You know what mean? Yeah, and then Clemente can take over.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you just need to start the conversation because he or she can't actually access those entries. Polls are... Again, yeah, less friction. So it's like, what do you struggle with? You know, obviously nutrition training, let's say just off the top of my head. And then be like, you know, someone says nutrition. Oh, that's, yeah, so you've provided my poll. I just wanted to reach out to see, you know, if could potentially like lend a hand. What is it specifically that you struggle with?
emily paige: Nutrition.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
emily paige: I think that'll, I should do, I should do like either a Q&A or story poll next just to break it up a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so once I show you all these, there's like, you can do lives. So lives are pretty cool. I don't really do them, to be honest, but what I would think of as a live here is like, you could just, one, do just a live Q&A, right? Or you could do a live on a certain topic. So obviously like how to manage nutrition for weight loss around work or something like that off the top of head, right? What lives are, they would be good to do. I think for someone like you who has such an engaged audience. So definitely. Yeah, again, things are working. So it's not like essential.
emily paige: They're just another thing that we can use.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But these are good because then you're kind of like, again, you could either do a Q&A, but I would always, if you were to do this, always think about like how you can relate it back to coaching. So it's like if you were to do a Q&A and someone's like, oh, I really struggle with eating around shift work. But like, yeah, that's super common. Like what do you do for shift work? Just so I can get a little bit of better example. I work nursing. Oh, yeah, no, I had a girl who actually joined coaching and she was a nurse. And basically what we did is we like just broke everything down. And instead of adding more things, we just made things more simple for her. We just gave her, you know, a structured game, like structured meal plan, you know, usually eating colder foods so she can quickly eat them when she's on the run, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Like if you guys, you know, obviously this is a little bit requires a little bit more in depth. And if you do, you know, feel like you need a little bit of a hand, feel free to shoot me a message.
emily paige: And more than happy to help. Yeah, so every response needs to sort of tie into hinting towards the coaching without being pushy, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. And I would try and use social proof in every, like, as much as possible. And the best way to think about this is, like, tell a story. The best way to get a point across is always to tell a story because stories, people remember stories a lot better than if I just said, eat simpler meals that you don't have to warm up.
emily paige: You know what mean? Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I do. So tell a story and then relate that back to how you can help. And with this, and kind of with any of this educational type of contact, whether it's a live or, like, you did a presentation, whatever, it's you always want to think of, like, explaining the what but not the how. You know what mean? It's like the what is eat simpler foods that you don't have to warm up, but it's like that's not actually the how. It's like how do you do that? Well, that's where a meal plan comes into play.
emily paige: That is the how. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, this is really good.
Kyle Musca: Cause that's, yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Do have any questions at all?
emily paige: No, like it's everything that you're saying is just like, I'm just thinking like, it's so good. Cause I'll definitely start implementing all these things. It'll be good as well. you can send me through these notes, just so that I can actually remember everything.
Kyle Musca: Cause I'm trying to remember it. I don't want to forget. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, was ending through the recap for sure. Um, the client testimonial transformation, this is pretty similar to the heart of CTA, um, where it's like, uh, you might've seen me do it. Like I post a story and I'm like, this is John who lost eight kilos in six weeks. You know, you know, if you want the same result, DME X, DME tone. Okay.
emily paige: And that's something that you kind of sprinkle in, not like. Every other day, that's a bit more.
Kyle Musca: I do it like once a week.
emily paige: Yeah, once a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So another, who's really good at this is, and you don't have to do, sometimes you can just do one CTA, especially with the hard CTAs and this, or the transformations, or this guy, you've probably seen him and he asked him, what do you do for work? Yeah. Have you made it? He probably has one, right? I'm doing interviews in Philadelphia today, doing me who you want, who I need to interview. So this guy is really good at doing story CTAs if you watch him. And what he'll do is he'll do like a CTA over two or three stories, where it's like, I've spoken to over a hundred billion, I've spoken to hundreds of millionaires on the best ways to make money, and here's what I learn. And there'll be a point to the next story. And then it'll be like, maybe a few informational points or whatever. I'm taking, and then third one. Just off the top of my head, obviously put more effort into this. I'm taking on six girls this week who want to solve all those issues and become the healthiest, happiest, sexiest version of themselves. If that's you, DM you toned.
emily paige: Yeah. So do it over two stories.
Kyle Musca: You don't have to.
emily paige: You can just do it in one story. I think that works so well because you remember when I posted that like first initial kind of DM thing on my story. I did it over two and the second one got more story replies than the first.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
emily paige: Yeah. So you do two. You catch a lot of the people who are very, very like confident about wanting to reply and the second one is like what buys the people that were on the fence.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So you can do, you can do anywhere from one to one to three. I wouldn't really do anything longer than three just because like in my own experience, I don't know if you've probably ever seen it, but girls post like  literally like 15 different stories just to do a CTA. It's like I'm not looking at 15 of your stories. So I think one in three is a good ratio. And again, you can do that with either the hard CTA or the actual testimonial CTA. So it's like I've helped hundreds of different women and here's the thing that I've learned. Here's the three most important, three things that I've learned, whatever, word it better. You know, one X, Y, Z, this is exactly what we did with Rachel who lost eight kilos in eight weeks. If you want to be next, dear me, toned.
emily paige: Yeah, keep it simple. I feel like the less words, the better. Yeah. For me personally, I'm not reading something that's like a whole novel. That's why I try to make my stories look super simple and even like colouring the specific words just so people like browsing over it, least they see confident, toned, glow, and that's it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I'm the same. I don't, I don't, if it's like any longer than a paragraph, I'm not reading. And then freebies and lead magnets, which are good, but obviously they require a little bit more work to create, which is not that much work. I'm actually going to spend some time on creating a bot for them specifically. We'll skip over that for now, though. To be fair, you could do something like this, freebies and lead magnets, kind of like a stick. The other thing with the stories and polls, secret taps, they work the same. Now, what you could do here is, again, you could even do it over one to three stories. These are the three biggest things I've seen girls struggle with nutrition most. I'm choosing three girls to give a free nutrition audit. Tap this sticker and I'll reach out.
emily paige: Yeah, see, that's something that I need. I need something free to be able to give to people because I don't have anything free to give to them.
Kyle Musca: I mean, a nutrition audit is technically free. I mean, that's something to give people for free. They're good. The only issue you might have run into there is like clamaying, handling the DMs in terms of a nutrition audit. And then I would say, you know, essentially get them on a, where this would work really well is like we had a closer on for you. And basically it'd be kind of like a two-call close off the top of my head where the first one is like just, and they'd have to be kind of knowledgeable in nutrition. But the first one is like they give them a little bit of a, they give them a bit of a breakdown on like what they're doing for nutrition and again, the what, but not the how. And then it's like your coaching is then the solution to that. Right.
emily paige: If that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, yeah, you can, I mean, they wouldn't have to have a crazy thing of nutrition, but it's like, what do you struggle with most? finding meals to eat around my shift work. Okay. What do you do? Yeah. Work, nursing, okay, that makes sense. You know, we've had a lot of girls that come in that have been nurses and, you we found that just adding a little bit more of a simple structure really helped have a bit more of a 5, 10, 15-minute conversation with them. And then it's like, okay, well, yeah, obviously, like, I could give you some, like, free tips and advice and everything like that. But to be honest, like, that doesn't really go that far because if it was that easy, you wouldn't have this problem in the first place. Have you ever thought about getting a coach just to help, like, solve this so can actually do it properly? Oh, I've thought about it, X, Y, Z. Okay, well, look, I couldn't do it right now, but how about we line up, like, maybe, you know, a time to sit down and just, like, look through what's involved just to see if it's even going to be for you.
emily paige: Yeah, make it sound casual.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
emily paige: That's a good one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so, I mean, like, you're getting a ton of call volume at the moment, so you don't need, like, those, like, log, because they're obviously lower converting. Yeah. But they're good to generate calls.
emily paige: Yeah, but I think it's good to have, like...
Kyle Musca: Just to change it up a little bit. Yeah, yeah. I think this one would work really, really well for you. So you can do stories. , that's not what I'm going do, slash posts. Now, obviously, just a carousel. But again, telling a story here, and I think this would work really, really well for you, because obviously your own transformation stuff goes off a lot. like, you know, again, someone like Adam or something, like, maybe she's really good at doing this story style-wise. Here's something that I wish I had a new, that this girl wish she had a known earlier or something like that. And then you tell her, like, a little bit of a story. And then maybe even the last one is, like, if you need a hand with this, DM me the word toned.
emily paige: Yeah, like, actually adding that to the carousel rather than just the caption.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, with that, it can either be at the end or you can even put it in midway through.
emily paige: Yeah. Yeah, just for the sake of like, but you know what, like I noticed, because now you can see on Instagram when people like just like posts in carousels, I find that majority of people are either the first post or the last post. So a lot of people do make it to the end of my carousels, which is good. So I think, you know, at the end, I mean, I can play around with it and obviously see what performs better, but I think that the carousel is a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think that would work really, really well for you.
emily paige: Carousels are doing good at the moment. Like I find that my carousels are doing even better than reels.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Instagram favors carousels and reels as well, but like, we could have a look at, you know, something like this. Yeah, you could do that. And then, I mean, even like, that's pretty simple. You could even at the end of that, you can add DME tone.
emily paige: I mean, good to tell us. the caption, so that's like the DME transform.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Then, yeah. Yeah, so, perfect.
emily paige: I'll show you more time on, too. Yeah, I've got a call-up for as well. But, yeah, I've seen Adam do so many of these, and they always pop up. Like, no.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Even something like this. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good example of, like, you know, and then just add it. But, again, he's good at it because he's telling a story. And then I would add in, like, now I've helped hundreds of women help. Do the same thing. Yeah, beyond belief. You know what mean? If you want to be next, yeah, DME Fowles.
emily paige: So, exactly that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I should charge him. I'll just tell people that I told them to do that. No. Perfect. Cool. But I think organic's working so well. The CTAs we've been... Doing is just like one, it's a good avenue, but it's one avenue. So it's like we could, you know, we have all this in the pipeline that we can do to really make the most of it.
emily paige: Yeah, no, that's so, if you could send me that as well, so that I have it, because it's just easier, like if I have it in our messages to refer back to. And I might even like try to do a big carousel to post tonight, tomorrow morning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, so.
emily paige: That's a really good one. Like that's something that could potentially go viral as well. And then it's like still quite organic.
Kyle Musca: Well, we can run them as an ad as well. We won't yet, but we can in the future run that as an ad.
emily paige: I think organic is actually quite well. Luckily, I do quite well with the posts. Like all the posts are reaching more non-followers, which I can see. So just kind of making the most of it organically, I think will be the best thing. We'll And then once it slows down, if it does slow down, or if we just want to get even more volume, then start running things as ads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, 100%. Yeah. Well, we really need to get a first order of oppression is getting a coach on board, fixing up the mini chat, and then just keep taking sales calls and everything like that. Well, once we get all that sorted out, we want to start talking about what we're going to do over December, January, because that period usually slows down a bit. But I think, again, we'll just very quickly, we'll wrap it as a challenge and just run exactly what we're running right now.
emily paige: Okay. Yeah. Well, that sounds good. We can definitely do that. I think, yeah, you're right. We should focus on getting a coach. I'm going to post that up tonight. I've got three more calls now. So after I do that, then I'll do the mini chat, and then I'll post up something on my story with that job form. So I'll change it up and do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. Cool. If you need a hand with any of that stuff, just shoot me a message.
emily paige: Okay. Amazing. Well, thank you so much, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Like, I really appreciate that.
emily paige: No, it's all good. It's been going so well. Like, it's actually been going so well. I think this is divine timing that I joined with you because I can't even imagine now. Like, I'm like, how has this gone from zero to a hundred? Like, I can actually see the potential in doing this, you know, like with the business side of things. Like, I didn't even know what was possible until now, which is great.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a hundred percent. I'm keen to see how far we can keep pushing it. And I think there's a lot of, like, plays we can start doing, like, long-term ones with build the foundation properly. So, yeah.
emily paige: Cool.
Kyle Musca: I'll let you run to your call and I'll chat to you very soon.
emily paige: Okay. Amazing.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Have a good day. You too. See you. Bye.


>>> 225/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-23T06:52:00Z | id:96177708
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, how How are you? Good, how are you?
Tash Fenton: I'm good, I'm good.
Kyle Musca: How's it going to be?
Tash Fenton: Good. Good, busy, but good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you guys all settled in now?
Tash Fenton: Getting there. We've got a few bits and pieces to get, but we're in, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Awesome. Is Alex joining us today or?
Tash Fenton: Finally. Yeah, it's coming. Beautiful. Sorry, Ron, just signed a couple of messages.
Kyle Musca: Are you going go, Chad? Perfect. All right, we'll dive right in.
Tash Fenton: How has your side of things been going this week? So much better. I got two people this week from that ad, so that's good. The script was here's better, you know, just going over it more and more, which is good. I think just practicing it, like, over and over and over really helped. I still had this one weird chick who, like, didn't have any goals, so that was really, really hard to work off, and I couldn't get anything out of it. She's already lost 10 kilos, and she's like, I don't really know what I want to do, but other than that, that other two went really, really well, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Okay, awesome. So you've had eight goals booked. Have you taken all six yet, or do you have more to go?
Tash Fenton: Let me have one.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, have taken all eight?
Tash Fenton: I had one, which is Alex's client. They're all from wine? Yeah. I didn't get her, I got her. Yeah, I got one tonight. One more tonight.
Kyle Musca: She'll join me.
Tash Fenton: But she's someone that Alex got me to. Yeah, actually have a question about her. So Alex worked his DMs with her for ages. Then she obviously messaged me, and then the VA booked her in. I was like, oh, does she take the thing for that? Because obviously I was back talking with her, and I wasn't booking her in the hour until it was kind of like ready. So I don't know what to do.
Kyle Musca: like. I would just tell her like, oh, I've been chatting to this girl, and this came through Alex and stuff.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I was just waiting to book her in type thing. Okay, cool. Have you had a call with Tommy yet?
Tash Fenton: I have it tomorrow. I have one last week, the first one, and then I have another one tomorrow, which will be good.
Kyle Musca: How do you find chatting with him?
Tash Fenton: Yeah, he's so good. He's got. Good energy. He's very, like, positive and good. Yeah, I really liked it. I think he just gave me, like, a bit more confidence in just, like, really, like, slowly going through every part of the script and why we do it.
Kyle Musca: And, yeah, it was really good. Yeah, he's really good at breaking that down. So with the script, it's just about getting really comfortable with it. And then, like, again, that last piece of the puzzle, if we can just start getting these people across the line, then it's beautiful. So on those two sales that you've gotten so far, what packages were they on?
Tash Fenton: They did six months. One paid $1,000 up front, and then the rest, like, $400 or something a month. And then the other one was just monthly. That's all I could get it for. But she was single mom, no job. So that I was still happy about.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Perfect.
Tash Fenton: Did you feel like you did a good one? was like, ugh. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: mean, you haven't done, like, government-based people.
Tash Fenton: She was a funny one. She just... Oh my God. She would not shut up. I asked her like one question and she would go on this like 10 minute rant, not even answer the question. then I just, yeah, it was wild. And then I'd just go back to the script and just follow it. And it was like, I was like, surely like, this is the weirdest thing. I was like, whatever. And she didn't pick up that it was weird.
Kyle Musca: Cause I just wouldn't even kind of reply. was like, Oh, okay. And then I'd just go to the next question. Yeah. Some people just want to talk.
Tash Fenton: Absolutely. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's like hidden myths. Like while you're learning it, I would kind of almost not let them ramble. Um, but like, you know, you want to, obviously you don't want to cut them too short. When you start to really dial things in, you don't want to get people rambling too long. kind of want to like pull them up and like, I don't want to cut you off there, but, um, like, I really want to deep dive into all of this. want to pick it all apart. just want to like, make sure we're going through a piece by piece. I really understand it.
Tash Fenton: And then I kind of just re-ask the question. Yeah. I can't believe she'd be like, yeah. And then there's a of my PD. And And I was just like, what are you, what the hell? I asked, like, you know, something, I don't know, was so weird, but anyway, I find a lot of them, I kind of like that, they're either great, or they just go blah, blah, blah, and it's so hard to follow this group because they're just, I'll just be like, hey, is that, and then they'll just start talking, just go, blah, blah, blah, blah, and I'm like, whoa. Yeah, yeah. That's all right.
Kyle Musca: Okay, perfect, and then, have you, have you guys heard anything from your videographer, what's happening there?
Tash Fenton: He sent us this, um, message this week, obviously, we're like, due to renew, and he was like, I've done out a four week thing for you, five posts a day, like, all this stuff, and we're just like, we're just like, whatever. So, yeah, I think I'm going to go with, um, Vaughn, but when he gets back, um, because we go to Thailand in two weeks, and he said he gets. It's back, like, I think the 30th or something, so there's, like, six days. I think I'll just try and do, like, 30 or something, just get it done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the audacity on him to ask for an extension. Yeah, absolutely. Okay, perfect.
Tash Fenton: He hasn't asked. He hasn't asked. He just said, this is the plan.
Kyle Musca: What do you guys think? No, you can do that in a couple of videos.
Tash Fenton: He knows he's in the doghouse, so, yeah, whatever. At least that's kind of done. It's annoying because he did this sick transformation one for Alex the other day, and was so good.
Kyle Musca: Oh, he's probably, like, realizing that his extension's coming up, and he's decided to actually pick it up. Okay, so I think with you guys going away, it's just, like, we really want things kind of on autopilot, which basically just means we want the marketing material to all 100% be there. So what I might even do is try and get some more ads written up. up, I'm get more and But for you, and then just to make sure that we've got plenty in the pipeline as we're going into that period. Your cost per leads and everything like that are still sitting really, really good in terms of number-wise. Have you noticed the conversations and stuff, you know, better since we've made those changes with Clemet?
Tash Fenton: Yeah, definitely better. Feels like maybe the last few days seem a little bit quieter, potentially, but no, they're good. And she's a weapon in there, she does triple message, quadruple message, it's good. So, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It will go through, it will go through periods. Like, it will have a couple of days, it'll push really hard, and then it'll have a couple of days more, like, push. But it reckons you've gotten 34 leads total. So, if we've gotten eight bookings out of that, that's over 20% booking rate, which means that we're sitting very, like, good numbers-wise.
Tash Fenton: a good of course, we're know, I And Thank
Kyle Musca: Realistically, 10% is industry average. So that's a good sign.
Tash Fenton: And what do you reckon we do this for? Like, does it just keep going inevitably or what do you think?
Kyle Musca: In terms of?
Tash Fenton: Like, do we just continuously pay? I just don't really know how it works. Like, do you do ads for a long period of time or do you do it for a period of time? How does it kind of work?
Kyle Musca: It really depends on, like, what you guys want to do. If we get the marketing right, like, you can build your business pretty rapidly, pretty quickly. It's just about finding that winning piece of ad and then, obviously, making sure that the top funnel from start to finish is refined. Realistically, you guys could get it to the point where you guys are just filled out with coaching. If you're getting plenty of leads through, it's really consistent. You may even want to look at any coaches underneath you to start taking that fulfillment side of things. I think peak is peak sort of placement of where I would recommend most coaches go to. don't know. At for an extended period of time to make sure that it is fully functioning properly is getting, you know, to the point where you have a coach underneath you that takes care of the fulfillment side of things. And then you guys just focus on like bringing more leads into the business. That way, you know, the coach is pretty cost effective, but you guys have like a lot of time and you're profiting pretty heavily. And that's where you can kind of pull back on like all the ads and expenses and just keep it really profit heavy. But again, it really just depends on where you guys want to be. If you guys just want to take care of the fulfillment side of things yourself and just be full of yourself, then it's like that's a step in front of that, if that makes sense.
Tash Fenton: I feel like he would want to have a coach. You know what I mean? So, yeah, I don't really mind. The biggest  hurdle for me is going to be like people directly want to work with me. But if they're off the ads, then maybe not as much. You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean. I'm still getting  organic leads, man. Like, I'm trying to find a slot to fit three guys in the back end of this week for calls. Yeah. Me not even doing  all, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How are you going with your check-ins?
Tash Fenton: Is that still down? Like, a lot of them are, yeah, but then there'll be one that'll just, like, blow out. Sometimes, like, there's, especially with, like, this is the hard thing to, you know, like, guys that are, got issues with blood work and now, and sorting out PEDs at the moment because there's such a PED shortage, so it's like, you know, some guys, you, there's no real blueprint that I can just  almost cut and paste people, do you know what mean? Whereas once upon a time, it was very easy to  handle a drug protocol, you know, not that I would say it's one size fits all, but it was a much easier system to use, whereas there's nihil. He's You physically have to coach it because you've got to reference blood work with how an individual is responding to certain drugs and make, like, much more, like, refined changes to the drugs in order to make sure that hormones are staying in the places that they need to be. And that's not a five-minute job, unfortunately. And obviously, that's not something that happens every single week. So it's just hard, like, some clients, once you're on a roll with someone, check-ins, like, for the majority of the guys at the moment, have been  awesome. I've been finishing, like, very, very quickly. But then you'll have one where, you know, all of a sudden you've got a troubleshoot and it's like, , it might take three or four weeks to try and iron a problem out. You know, in sending people blood work or viewing the blood work, making changes to the PDs, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So that's sort of the holdup for me. me. Like, you get a handful of those a week, and then all of a sudden, your  whole schedule's out, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. With the troubleshooting, is that just, like, loom and then text back and forth?
Tash Fenton: Can be, yeah. Or, like, you know, you have to do a bit of digging to find out, like, what the... Okay, so just real  short and sharp. Previously, you could literally just, you know, I had a rough idea of, like, what someone's going to be able to tolerate from a testosterone perspective, and then you can basically just run a DHT derivative to drive up the anabolic load and make sure that someone's progressing. Now, we have to, like, genuinely find someone's top level of testosterone. Once they've achieved that top range where, you know, top tolerable range where they're not into the realm of too much aromatisation, so too much estrogen, then we can look at, like, adding that. Compounding, and then it's about trying to find a compound that they can then get their hands on, they can reliably get their hands on, or it might mean that we have to adjust testosterone back down and add an anti-histrogen at some point in order to offset the aromatisation that they're having. So there's just like, there's  a bit to it, which is, yeah, it's just  annoying more than anything. If they're all natural athletes, it'd be so much easier. But unfortunately, like it's, I just attract that , someone that to use gear, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, that's not a bad thing if they're willing to pay for it and everything. Because it's obviously a pretty niche market. Just even on that, was thinking like, it might even be worth, you know, creating either organic or, you know, eventually when we do ad stuff, around that, like, you know, blood work stuff, which is not insinuating that you do PEDs or anything like that. But it's obviously very like, if I need a hand. PEDs, this guy is the guy to help me. So, but obviously being really cautious about that.
Tash Fenton: was just an idea of just hearing you speak then.
Kyle Musca: But, okay, as long as the majority of them are down though, like obviously you're going to have, especially dealing with PEDs and stuff, you're going to have those hiccups and everything like that, which just adds to your coaching service really. like, that's going to give you the confidence on the call to be like, if something ever  up, man, like I'm going to be spending a lot of time digging into what the actual problem is to make sure you do this healthily. Which I guarantee you, like 99% of the other coaches aren't going to do because it's not a ...
Tash Fenton: The harsh reality is they're just not capable of it because they don't understand it. They advertise, they advertise they'll do it, but, and that's what I'm starting to notice, especially in this current market, dude, like because of the issues with PEDs, most coaches just don't know how to navigate it. Yeah. I'm getting like, two of the guys that are coming across the world that I've got calls that I've got looking for in the next couple I'm no in if Godoulard h放est. I'll sangat They've both currently got coaches and all of a sudden, since they're unable to get the DHT derivatives, you know, they're breaking out in acne and they just notice they're not progressing anymore and, you know, there's just all these issues that their current coach just doesn't know how to navigate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, mean, those are all, like, very heavy-hitting target points that I think we should even, you know, go in for you with when you do decide to. I mean, you can even do this stuff on organic stories, to be honest. Like, do you do much organics stories?
Tash Fenton: I just get so  hesitant on it, bro, because, as I said, like, it's pretty obvious that I deal in this. So, without actually advertising it, I get that type of inquiry anyway. But I've always been hesitant on doing it. One, because I was saying, I don't know what you saw, all the posts Sam Pearce was doing, and I was just like, , that's red hot, dude.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Tash Fenton: And, you know, people like Jarrah, dude, just saying , Jarrah was talking about. But, you know, his TRT dosage, and he got  rated because of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, and remind me, do you have the prescription for TRT and stuff?
Tash Fenton: No, I've sorted.
Kyle Musca: I did. I don't anymore. Yeah. So, mean, again, I wouldn't necessarily go down the route of Sam Pierce at all, or even what, like, Jarrah does. I would, like, avoid ever saying that you do it yourself. I would just, you know, make sure that you add a disclaimer type thing. Like, this is not medical advice. This is just, you know.
Tash Fenton: I do that on a lot of my sign-ups as well. So, in their sign-ups, it basically says, I can read to the disclaimer, actually. That's all right, Ben. Yeah, I won't read it to you. But it basically says that, you know, this is, for entertainment purposes, you know, it's just your coach isn't trying to give you medical advice. They're giving, basically, first-hand experience.
Kyle Musca: I would just add that into, you know, if you are going to do CTA, not CTA, stories and stuff, even questionnaires and stuff like that, because you probably get a lot of interest in that regard. And if you can just get that information across, like that would, you know, if I was doing heavy PEDs and stuff, I'd be like, oh, this is the guy that I need to  talk to. And just be like, like, this is not medical advice. I'm not encouraging you to do it.
Tash Fenton: You're a fully grown adult. Well, if you're going to do it, then that's your decision.
Kyle Musca: This is just, you know, the research that I've done on it.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Don't message me asking me for gear. I don't sell gear. All that . Yeah. Cool. Because, yeah. Well, that's probably something I do want to, yeah, talk to you about in terms of like getting more, because do you feel like now that you can take on more clients yourself, Alex?
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I do. I do.
Tash Fenton: Yeah. And then what? And it's just more so like, and this is the other catch as well, is when I take on a new client, it doesn't take me five minutes to build out their , their plans either. Like it never has, but even more so now because there's such intricate  detail and feedback that I need to get in order to build out a  PD plan. But that's where I trust Ollie to do that as well. Like he's  easily as good as me at doing this. So that's where I'm just like, , well, people are just going to have to understand in order to get the correct advice, they need to pay a  premium for it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Tash Fenton: I would just, I would just make a package that's like that.
Kyle Musca: You know, whatever that ends up coming to be, if it's five grand for six months, you know, this is my PD protocol. Like obviously I'm going to do all the training, nutrition, all that, but it's going to require a lot more work specifically from the PD dosage. Yeah.
Tash Fenton: The setup.
Kyle Musca: Can you hear me? Yeah.
Tash Fenton: you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And just have that as your, you know, high-tier PED package. Like, this isn't just a, I'm going to give you a bunch of  hormones and, like, let's see what kind of concoction we can make. It's, you know, doing this properly. And it's pretty easy, like, rebuttal because it's like, whoa, it's a bit expensive. Cool, man. Like, you think it's going to be pretty expensive when you're  riddled with acne and your hormones are all over the place and you're  beating your missus because you can't control yourself? Like, yeah, man, like.
Tash Fenton: Like, yeah, it's a good idea. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. I mean, to be honest, I don't even, I don't even sell that side of things at the moment. But I, I mean, I kind of do, but I mean, I signed a guy, what was it, was yesterday, the before? Yeah, two days ago, I think it was, for, to work out at, like, $8,200, I think, for, for 12 months. He paid, like, $3,000 up front and $3,000 up front and worked out at $100 a week. So, I mean, he's coming in under me as well. So, it's just a matter of working it out. for, for, Thank Because I think it's a viable option. I just think when he, if he was doing like the number of sales calls that I was doing, he would have a meltdown. So I just wonder, it's like, where do you fit that in, like for him to get to the next level? If I was doing that number of sales calls and trying to fulfill my current clients, I'd just be the dummy. For sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so we'll come this far. The only reason I haven't started doing like saying we should do it through Alex is just because we've come this far with Tash and it's like the last little sort of piece of the puzzle that we can just open up that floodgate and it's like, cool, that should be pretty automated from that side of things. And like, let's focus on yours. And then with the move and the comps and everything kind of just worked out better time-wise there.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, of course. I reckon I can take on another like 15 and I've been signing about three a week. So really it's probably not too far away till I'm like what I would think is pretty close to full.
Kyle Musca: So. Thank No. And then what I would do for both of you as well is, I've seen you through that organic sheet thing of how to create organic leads. Do you guys still have access to that?
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would set aside, do you guys use Notion or anything like that to, you know, scheduling anything like that?
Tash Fenton: I just use Google Calendar.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, as long as it reminds you and you check it daily or something. But I would have it like, I would sit down for the both of you and I would break it and it's pretty simple. doesn't take, you know, anything crazy. I really like Notion for this side of things if you haven't done Notion. It kind of works like notes, sort of like on your phone, you can actually set yourself reminders and . So like for me, for example, I'll show you what it actually looks like. Very simple. It's got a lot of capabilities. I don't use 99% of them. I use them for like, you know, obviously. The billing notes and stuff like that for my business. then I'll just write, you know, dot points and the red things are like timers. So you can set it for the future. It's blue if it's in the future. So on November 11th, for example, this will fire. And then in my inbox, it'll have me like to-dos for everything that I need to do on the day. So just like app and  that I can keep on top of. What I would do there is like create a tab, however you want to do this, if it's in Google, reminder, whatever the case may be. And then it's like, you know, on Monday, I'm doing a hard CTA to get new clients. You if you want to lose 10 kilos in three months, DME worth  shred. On Tuesday, I'm doing, and this would be great for you, Alex, is, I don't need to share this anymore, is, you know, ask me a question to do with basically a story questionnaire, right? Get me answering some questions on, again, reword this however you want to word it to make sure you don't. You know, cross the line. So PD, something like that. You know what mean? Yeah, something unique that people would actually inquire. And if you just do something like  ask me a question on training intuition, you probably won't get that much. But to make it unique and then do the story video replies because if you can get the information across that you just got across to me, again, that would be pretty impactful. And it's like if you're struggling with it and just add little CTAs on that. If you need it, this is obviously a lot more complicated than, you know, just being able to answer this in a  story reply. If you're struggling with this or you want to like chat a little bit more about it, just DM me and we can chat.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And just do that, like maybe you do that every single Tuesday. I mean, every Wednesday you could even do a live, you know what mean? Where you jump on and you either do a Q&A, whether it's just a random Q&A on anything or if it's, you know, I'm doing a Q&A on, again, I'm just going to keep using PDs, but don't use PDs. you. you. We're do a PED Q&A. Come along. You don't need to get  hundreds of thousands of people  joining. But if you can get someone on and someone's like, oh, I'm really struggling because I'm breaking out in acne. Like, yeah, well, I had a client who I was working with last week. We'll just call him Josh for the sake of the argument. He had a pretty similar problem. what we realized is because again, X, Y, Z, right? So again, you're saying the what, but not the how. Like, if you are, you know, sort of struggling with this, obviously, you want to make sure that you get on top of this because, you know, that's probably the first stage of things getting even worse. So shoot me a DM. I'm happy to chat about this.
Tash Fenton: Make sure you do it properly. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, cool. It doesn't have to be a  long one. can be like a 10-minute one. can be a 15-minute long one, whatever. Thursday, maybe that's a client transformation post. You know what mean? Yeah. Client transformation post. Client Yeah.
Tash Fenton: Getting some social proof out there. story, like actual post, post? Story, story. You could do a post.
Kyle Musca: These are If you wanted to do a , you could do a post if you really wanted to, by all means. A transformation post works well, so yeah, either one's fine. And then Friday, you could do, Friday you could do like a, you know, you could do a sticker tap, you could do a poll. Yeah. You can make that, you know what mean? Yeah. What would work really well, especially, you know, even for you, Alex, right now, is why we're not running ads, is like a nutrition audit, some, or PD audit, or something like that. Yeah. I mean, I'm going to be giving away five nutrition, five, three PD audits, the first three people that tap a sticker. Yeah. And then you jump on a quick 10-minute call with them. You run them through what they're doing. And be like, oh, yeah, like probably wouldn't do that. What will happen is you will become, you know, shoot stuff, push them way too much estrogen. yeah. And then you're Run to a bunch of side effects, yada, yada, yada. This is a pretty complex problem. Have you ever thought about getting a coach to actually do this properly?
Tash Fenton: You know mean? Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, so it's just like a quick, it's called a setting call, essentially what it is. You're creating a problem so that you can solve it. And I think if do them really consistently, again, you're not going to get a new client out of every single one you do, but it's like just remain consistent with it and then it should, you know, build over time.
Tash Fenton: Yeah. Yeah, cool. Yeah. can do that. Write it in his calendar.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And, yeah, yeah, it's just like just daily, daily, you know, that way every single day you have an opportunity to get clients on board.
Tash Fenton: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Organically.
Tash Fenton: The soft call to me, to me, this thing is like, yeah. What do I mean? Okay. That helps. Okay, good, good, good. I put it in his calendar already, but he's like... If she writes soft CTA to me, I'll just be like, I don't know what it means.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Tash Fenton: In one ear and out the other to me if I don't write it down, exactly what I have to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Can I ask that, Jim, do you write me a soft CTA?
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Anyway. The other thing as well is they don't, especially with the, you know, hard and soft CTAs and, like, even the client transformations and  like that, nutrition audits, all of them, pretty much all of them that I can think of except maybe live. It doesn't have to be in one story. So one story, I do one story because I'm kind of, like, lazy with it. But my main thing is through ads. But it can be multiple stories. Multiple stories probably works better. Because you can tell a little bit of a story. So, you know, for example, if it's a hard CTA, I've worked with over 250 enhanced athletes, and here's the three biggest issues I see them face. One, you know, pushing tests too high. Two, not running an AI. Three, not doing a PCTA off the top of my head, right? But, and then maybe this will absolutely  you, right? If you want to do it properly, if you want to have a chat about it, you want to do it properly, DM me the word PD.
Tash Fenton: Yeah. Yeah, gotcha. Or even like one about, I used to travel into know what to do anymore because I feel like not, genuinely people have no idea what PD is to take anymore. Yeah. And they're so confused, which is a good skill to have because it's really like so unknown because there's nothing out there anymore, at least, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I think that would be good to do as a questionnaire thing because one, they get to put their actual personalised answer, which you can reply on the story, which I would do. I'd like to do a video of you explaining. But then you could just message them personally about it.
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then again, anything PED, like story stuff, all that stuff, if it's a video or an image, like if you would do a questionnaire about PEDs, just put a little disclaimer in there. Like, don't message me asking for gear.
Tash Fenton: This is just educational only.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I do not encourage or sell gear. And then if you really wanted to be like obviously extra safe, one, obviously you could always just get the prescription active again. The other thing is from what I heard, and this is obviously just take it with a grain of salt, is I'm pretty sure when they raid you, if they do raid you, they just check like the main areas, like the bathroom, the fridge. a bumping, it should be In your bedroom, I think, from what I've heard. So I like, you might want to hide it in, like, a little bit more of an actual secret compartment type thing.
Tash Fenton: Secret. We'll get my dad to come build something secret. Yeah. A little, like, doll that you push and it goes in or something. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because I remember that it was, like, they were planning to do big raids or something. Someone said, and I was like, no, it's like, just not having it in areas.
Tash Fenton: I know when I used to live with roommates, one person got raided, and he would just be like, oh, that's Tasha's, that's Tasha's, that's Tasha's, and they couldn't touch it because it was mine. And they would just say, oh, okay. And I was like, what the hell? So, yeah, I don't know. Just, no, don't blame me.
Kyle Musca: Because Callum got fined for Morgan's, I'm pretty sure.
Tash Fenton: Oh, really? Oh, Well, they didn't fined anything for Morgan, but then obviously Cal had stuff and then they got It depends what the circumstances are.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Tash Fenton: Yeah. Yes. Yeah, I have a little bit of, a little bit of knowledge around that. You've been ready?
Kyle Musca: No. Oh, good. We'll just go to Thailand or something.
Tash Fenton: I filmed all this in Thailand. We're going there, obviously, in two weeks. And we're like, let's just go live there. do a bunch of  over there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, honestly, I'm probably, I reckon I'll probably do that. I'll probably set up in Thailand for the most part and just bounce between here and there.
Tash Fenton: Yeah. That's what we're thinking. We're going to do quick renos here, then. That's our goal. That's the goal. Do you know where in Thailand did you go?
Kyle Musca: From the looks of it, well, one, it's pretty easy to just, like, bounce around Thailand if you wanted to. But I reckon I'll probably stay in Chiang Mai. That seems to be the best, like, place to stay longer term. But who goes a bit more positive? Central and beachy, guess. Bangkok seems a bit hectic.
Tash Fenton: Bangkok's just a busy city, dude, just a busy Asian city. Yeah. Where's Chiang Mai? Chiang Mai.
Kyle Musca: It's like, it's the northern side of it. That's meant to be a really, like, beautiful city. It's still pretty big. Like, I think it's maybe the second biggest one there. But, yeah, I think it's more jungle kind of vibe-y, relaxed. Yeah.
Tash Fenton: And it's- So what, is that the, so that's the opposite end of Bangkok, is it? Because Phathom is down the southern end, is it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Phuket's, yeah. Phuket, Phathom, down the southern end on the beach and the coast.
Tash Fenton: Oh, sorry, Phathaya, I mean. Where's Phathaya?
Kyle Musca: I'm not 100% sure where Phathaya is. I just don't know.
Tash Fenton: Unless you want ladyboys, you don't really want to. I mean, like, you're into ladyboys if that's the kind of thing you're into, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so where are you guys staying?
Tash Fenton: We've got a wedding, so it's in Phuket, so we're just going to Phuket, but we definitely want to see if life of Phuket is there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Phuket was definitely cool for sure. I only spent a week there.
Tash Fenton: I would have definitely spent more time there, though. Yeah. We'll be doing two weeks there, so. Yeah. Should be good.
Kyle Musca: Can't wait. Yeah. Cool. Beautiful. Yeah. But, yeah, I mean, the only other thing right now is, is there anything you guys don't feel like you're specifically struggling with?
Tash Fenton: No, for me, I think it's just keep getting better and better at sales. Like, I feel like if I can nail that, it's going to be a lot better. And I'm improving, so that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Did... Do you know if Vaughan got all the ads edited and finished?
Tash Fenton: Um, good question.
Kyle Musca: I think it did. How many... Did you film with him again, sorry?
Tash Fenton: Two.
Kyle Musca: Two. Okay. I'll chase him up about that now. And we'll get them. Yeah, maybe even check the Google Drive.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, send me a Google Drive, yeah. I have.
Kyle Musca: Oh, do you have it?
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, cool. What I'll do is look, because the graphic ads are pulling in really good cost per lead. Yeah. Try and, I've only got, so I pulled back all the other ads, and I've got one that's performing really well just running.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: And then another that's performing quite well as well running.
Tash Fenton: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: So what I might do, yeah, those are, those are pull... So what I might do is just slowly start testing the videos. We'll probably end up finding that the videos are a little bit higher in terms of cost per lead, but they usually bring in higher intent people rather than just people seeing quick graphic and messaging through. The other thing I would get you both to start doing as well is start having these like Zoom calls or something that you can record, Google Meet calls, whatever, it doesn't matter. With your clients and start, again, Josh Humphries is really good at this. Start chatting to them about, you know, like what's been your biggest goal since joining? Like what have you found has actually helped you the most? You know what mean? And just recording it and then getting them because if they're starting like , man, Alex, you're spending so much time on like actually helping me out with everything. Like I've had coaches in the past and they've never spent anywhere near as much time. And I just think that extra communication, like that actual giving a  has made the world of difference, you know? And then we just use that as like kind of retarget, or you can even use it as posting on your stories or whatever type thing. Really good for ads when someone books in a call and we just retarget or messages through and we just retarget them. Because if they get, you know, if they message you, Tash, and then all of a sudden they just start getting a bunch of videos of like all these different girls saying like, oh, like it's been the best thing ever since joining. You've been so helpful. You're so knowledgeable. You're so supportive. It just makes them feel like.
Tash Fenton: This is Tash as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I get it.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Plus, it's great for the client to actually like jump on and chat with you and kind of like remind them about how great you are.
Tash Fenton: That's it.
Kyle Musca: So if you start putting them together, we'll just chuck them in the Google Drive as just like testimonials. And then we can get them up. They're super cheap to run because they're just retargeting like last seven days of messages. So it's like $2 an ad per day.
Tash Fenton: Cool. And what do we do?
Kyle Musca: Do we just snip? Those or? You don't even really need to.
Tash Fenton: I'll put the video up.
Kyle Musca: I'll show you as a visual. What have been the positives? What is the good stuff? I found the program fits in with me and my lifestyle. Like it's not been something that's super hard that I haven't been able to achieve. I love that I have a coach because I've not done anything like this before that I've had someone kind of on my team the whole entire time. Yeah. And I love too that he sort of, he pushes me. At times. I'm when I need pushing and, you know, he knows better than I do, so. It's nothing overly crazy, but it's women that are like them that are saying that they've, you know, made the right decision by joining and they've actually seen good progress.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, social proof, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I would do for you, especially now, Tash, so the algorithm seems to have, Meta's actual ads algorithm seems to have changed. It's called the Andromeda update, where it's like targeting, it's good. So basically what happens is we create a campaign and it's got like a big pool. So if we target people with fitness, it's got like, imagine a big circle and everyone that's ever engaged in some, or not ever, but like has engaged in some sort of fitness, whether they're bodybuilding or they're people that are just interested in weight loss but have never gone into the gym or, you know, someone just really likes gym shark. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's just cool. Yeah. The ad now starts testing those different pools to try and find if it can start drawing someone out that is interested in it. So the more volume, apparently, is now much better. So even if you want to, and what I would encourage you to do is just so we can get a ton of content to film, is just, and doesn't have to be anything crazy, come into the ad library. Josh is obviously a great representation of exactly what you need to do. And just like look at the ads he films. When it comes to fat loss, I think alcohol is very terrible. So because alcohol is a poison, and because your body would prefer to be alive than it would to be lean and looking , alcohol inhibits fat loss. What alcohol does when it goes into the body, the body's like, oh my God, there's a poison in the body. Shut off all the functions or dial them right down until we process this alcohol. So one to two standard drinks can shut your fat burning mechanisms down for up to 24 to 48 hours. Ooh, that's a little bit crazy. So if you're the have a glass of wine after work type person and you work out every day, you know, your food's pretty good, but you're not seeing results, this may be your culprit. When it comes to fat loss, I think- Vodka sodas is probably a retarget, because there's an actual CTA. Yeah, I know what Vodka sodas are killing your fat loss. You're probably thinking that if you eat 1,500 calories and you burn, it's to be a big deal. But when it comes to losing body fat, it's going to really slow things down. Vodka sodas are killing your fat loss. So I'd say he could be just running these as retargets. Potentially even just a- Potentially he could even be running them to get people onto his account, then to retarget them. Which could be a thing. Yeah, so he doesn't have heaps running at the moment. So See how Sarah, 47 years old, lost 18. Cool. Yeah, so I mean, basically what I'm saying is you can just come in here and have a look what he's done. Because, again, you don't need, you know, Bourne's obviously great to, you know, get especially organic content and, you high-quality ad content, but it doesn't need to be anything crazy.
Tash Fenton: He's just sitting down at a desk and talking. Yep.
Kyle Musca: And that way he's able to pump out heaps because these are all the exact same. He's obviously done just, yeah, five just in that one sitting.
Tash Fenton: Yep. Cool. I'll be with those. And slavery.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. Yeah. If we, yeah, if focus on that stuff moving forward, just keep refining the sales process for your Tash. And then if both of you just start constantly pushing that, the different organic stuff, the biggest thing there is consistency. Again, keep in mind, I'm going to get  people signing up from every single one, but like they're just like little fishing hooks that you put in the pond. You know, every time you cast a reel, you don't necessarily get a fish, but it's just about being consistent and  doing it. I'm not a fisherman, so.
Tash Fenton: To be honest, dude, that's sort of why I just often can't be fired up with the CTAs, because I'm just like, I just get  all out of them, you know what mean? Yeah, but have to be... But yeah, you're right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean...
Tash Fenton: But like some people do like weekly ask me questions and they blow up because they keep coming back every week, so they love it. But obviously they worked together.
Kyle Musca: I'm the same as you, Alex, as well. Like that's why I think Notion, if I have it in my Notion, I'll do it. But if it's just memory, I won't. But yeah, I think you're right. Like you're right, Tash, that consistency helps people get more comfortable with it. You know, if they can start building a relationship with you, it's more of a, you know, time thing. And where they get more comfortable interacting.
Tash Fenton: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, okay, easily. We'll get on it. Beautiful. And then we, oh, yeah, that's why we haven't said anything to our videographer. We said that, we blamed you. You said that we have to back up our Instagram account, well, you did, so that we need all the videos that you've taken of us because you said to Alex, in case it goes down, we need it all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Tash Fenton: I just  knew. Yeah. You're the biggest .
Kyle Musca: Fair enough. I mean, he'd probably think that if he said the things that I've said.
Tash Fenton: He yelled it off. He said that we're doomed and we need them all.
Kyle Musca: No, but has he sent them through there?
Tash Fenton: No, of course not. Actually, he sent me a leak the other day, actually.
Kyle Musca: I haven't even looked at it. I'll look at it. So I've got a good look Well, good luck on the...
Tash Fenton: No, I won't get access that you watch. It'll be blocked or something, you know what mean? Like, they always are. Yeah. No, Or I have to individually give you access to each one. It's like, sure, you do come.
Kyle Musca: I use Google Drive, man.
Tash Fenton: I know how it works.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Well, in that case, yeah, good luck with the call, the remaining few calls. Hopefully, they just keep, you getting a few more booked in. Have you had many booked in since the start of the week?
Tash Fenton: A few, yeah, yeah. Yeah, some cancel, some, like, a lot of people are sick at the moment, so, but they need free book.
Kyle Musca: That's what we should quickly chat about as well, actually, is, do you have a, what's your, one, is she doing a post-booking call where it's like, cool, you should have just got her email information, did you get that, here's how to access, she's doing that?
Tash Fenton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, she's doing that, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Are you booking through a calendar?
Tash Fenton: How are you booking the call? Calendarly now, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, text reminders, our reminders. Yeah, you have the workflow set up?
Tash Fenton: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. And then the only other thing is, is she doing a day-before message where she sends, like, hey, Rachel, just looking through my, yeah, I'll start doing that, that one. And then are you doing, like, a prequel voice note message at all?
Tash Fenton: No, no, I should, but, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would add those two things in there.
Tash Fenton: That seems to work quite well. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Let's see, I think, George. All right, yeah, cool. Eventually, we can't look at getting something like this prequel video done. I mean, you can do that if you want to put the template for it. You know, she sent that to you, right? So you might as well get on top of that. Let's pray. So I'll just make a copy of this, and then you can just always change it to your transmissions and everything like that.
Tash Fenton: Yeah, cool. Fancy.
Kyle Musca: But basically, that just reinforces the show up, right?
Tash Fenton: Yeah. it's like, make sure you show up on time, be ready to learn, ask questions. If you can't make it, just let me know.
Kyle Musca: Speak to decision makers beforehand. We decide what a good fit would like to move forward. We've helped transform. So we just want to flood social proof. As soon as they, like, message us, we flood social proof. Yeah. So what I'll do on that as well is I'll send you a cool link of me doing it so you just have a reference to it.
Tash Fenton: Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Legend. And then I shouldn't... I should do it with this one. I think Wade who rescheduled on me, fucker. Where is he? Yeah, cool. So even for that, it's good, though, because then if I didn't set that, he'd probably just wouldn't have showed up. No, that's also not there. Yeah, maybe I'll just look into my calendar for tomorrow. And can't confirm we're still good for 3 p.m. Can you please confirm that you're in? That'd be awesome. Yeah. Just something simple.
Tash Fenton: Doesn't that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Then he was like 20 minutes before the call, so I just sent him that. But usually I would send him this, which basically just holds a voice note. Can't confirm we're still good for 3 p.m. today. We're going to be covering three things on the call. Number one, what your ultimate goals are. Number two, what's preventing you, you know, holding you back and preventing you from getting there. Step by step so you can actually achieve those goals. Make sure to bring a pen of paper just to take some notes. like to try and provide as much value on these calls as possible. So we'll hype you out. And if you do have any issues jumped on, I'll send you through my personal number. So just send me a text there or just shoot me a text on Instagram if you check that. And, yeah, we can go from there. Otherwise, I'm super keen to have a chat.
Tash Fenton: I'll chat to you soon. Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. And then, again, just making it super, super simple and super clear on how to join.
Tash Fenton: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the Google media needs to be fine. People freak out about it at first because they're I've done it. I've never done it before.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, you just click the link. It's okay. Yeah. Yeah. Do they join on their phone or their laptop now?
Tash Fenton: A bit of both. Yeah. Some are on their iPads, some are on their phone, some are on the computer.
Kyle Musca: Does the phone let them join straight away?
Tash Fenton: Have I read something you need to, like, download an app for it? Sometimes you have to download it. I have that, say, in there. And then some people are like, I'm going to download that app right now. Like, they're like, so keen. I'm like, cute. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Well, yeah, that's all great then. And then, yeah, I think just continuing to jump on those calls with Tommy and just to continue to refine that sales process. Because, again, that's just that last little key. We can open up that floodgate and you can start getting three, four, five signs a week. Then we can start investing more in marketing. then that's when we get over that. I like to think of it as, like, that's when the wheel is spinning. The hardest thing is getting that wheel spinning.
Tash Fenton: And then once it's in motion, it's just like, cool, let's just  keep adding. Yeah, I agree. It's like kind of, obviously, you know, like, you start making more money and getting sales. And then it all goes to ads. I'm like, I'm not making any more money. And I'm like, no, trust the process. It'll work.
Kyle Musca: Just about, like, yeah, getting over that initial annoying hump. Yeah. You've got that funnel down, like, done. And. You know, you're good with the sales process. It's like, you're good. Like, you're  sweet.
Tash Fenton: Yeah. We'll get there. We'll get there. You're done.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
Tash Fenton: Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Pleasure. I will chat to you guys soon. If you do need a hand with anything, just let me know. Otherwise, we'll also probably try and look at getting some more ad content done. When's the year back?
Tash Fenton: The 30th, so. I think it was, yeah, around the 30th. I know we had, like, a couple days, and he's like, cool, I'll get back then, so we'll just smash out, like, a four-hour block or something, he said.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Awesome. All right. Well, in that case, I shall get some stuff done up for that. Easy. yeah. Thanks, bro. Thank you. Cheers. All right. Enjoy the rest of week. Yeah.


>>> 226/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-24T04:57:33Z | id:96497743
People: Kyle Musca

Torin McGlynn: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro. How's it going?
Torin McGlynn: Going well, man. Going well.
Kyle Musca: How are you doing? Yeah, good. Good. Cruising. Cool, man. Well, we've got a lot to cover in this session.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, we did. That's why I was like, I'm good. So much other stuff to talk about.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, 100%, man. So we'll dive in into things first. We'll go through the check-in form initially just to get our basis, and then we'll look at basically what you said in there with hiring a coach, because I think that's probably a main factor for you right now before we even, obviously the lead main stuff's going great. We want to capitalize on that, but we want to make sure that you're not just... Honestly, adding more to your plate. So, that being said, you got nine calls booked this week, took four and two more tomorrow, so like potentially six there. Three no-shows so far?
Torin McGlynn: Three no-shows so far, yeah. One no, three closes. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's very solid coming in off the, you know, the lead magnet . Cool, man. Okay, cool. So, out of those, still only two from ads of those nine?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, and they were the no-shows. That's why I was like, ah, I got pissed off, and I was like, ah, these are, I knew they're from ads, and I was like, wait a second, what, how many have I actually closed from ads? And then I looked back and backtracked, and that's why I sent you those 100 messages. And I was like, I'm closing all of these Americans, and I've closed three people on 1,000 USD months now. Thank Which is, if I can sell on that, it's unbelievable. And then I just backtracked and I was like, okay, I've made four sales from ads and then I think I've made like 10 from organic or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So with the lead volume that you're getting, I think it's probably, like ads work fantastically and the numbers seem good there. I think there's a few things happening. One is, as I said, like you're just getting crazy lead volume that the setters just aren't prioritizing ads like they, I guess, should be. And then to filter that out, I was going to go through and like see if we could just tag the many chat.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Tag leads versus ads just to, because then you can kind of filter and say like, okay, cool. These are messages all from, from your ads. But did you change it by the way?
Torin McGlynn: I changed it to lead, the one that you said, lead mag qualified. Yeah, perfect. I changed every one of them as well.
Kyle Musca: So it's all good. Qualified. I'm in. Interesting. Yeah, perfect.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, beautiful. So that will help things moving forward. Oh, and when I said 3K was my, 3K comments was my goal, it's currently at like, I don't know if it's at 10K yet. It was going crazy anyway.
Kyle Musca: Oh, .
Torin McGlynn: That's wild. Yeah, it has literally 10,000 comments right now.
Kyle Musca: It's crazy. That is insane. If you can capitalize on, again, even like 1% of them, man, like we're  so golden, it's ridiculous.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Okay, it's 9,556 comments. Half of them are obviously me, but that's still 4,700 people. 1% of them is 47 clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. So we need to kind of get our numbers out around that. So we'll come through this. So 9 calls booked, 3 closed, 4 total. Now, is a lot of this 10K, is that a lot of cash collected and recurrent?
Torin McGlynn: What's the 10K majority? 10K is, so I got a PIF for a retention guy for 3K, and then obviously I signed the three deals. One was 2.5K. I got probably another retention in there. So yeah, it's Clash collected and whatever has been going through my Stripe anyway.
Kyle Musca: Okay, beautiful.
Torin McGlynn: I just scaled the Stripe thing, and that's how I checked that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So these numbers, obviously, very, very good. Like, that's an easy 40K month. And realistically, if we can just keep stacking, keep stacking, you should be at 40, 50, 60, 70K months. With your following, like, you should easily get 40K with time. So let's figure out a funnel that's going to capitalize on that. Now, one thing with you as well is I definitely, definitely think that you should probably start to look at building an emailing list. Now, most of the time, I'm not really, you know, for that for most people, but because you're getting crazy, crazy. Volume, it's probably worth it.
Torin McGlynn: I have one, and they're still being added to it. So it's got 2,500 people on it right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but if you, so with your, like, with your main chat, for example, right, it's the, I'll send you a free recipe here, and then send this as, I would just change this to an opt-in page.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, yeah, sure.
Kyle Musca: Name, because if you've got 4,000 people, would have just, you know, 200%ed your emailing list overnight. Okay, I can do that. And then, like, because, the other thing is, like, because, because, again, you've got, obviously, it's a lot lower converting in terms of what we're doing. It's not a direct ad, but if you get these people into your nurture sequence and everything like that, you can have, like, you can afford to now then go into longer-term nurturing plays. So we're getting our front-end cash collected, which is what we're doing here, which is great, but now we can also afford to start. Playing around with, you know, just nurturing these people over a longer period of time.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I totally agree. And what do you have on the email list? I've got 30 days now, and I just hand-wrote them one topic at a time of something that's quite valuable. And at the very end, it says, if you think about getting coached and go to the next level, I'm, and then I can't be like.
Kyle Musca: If you've already got a 30-day build-out, then that's fine. I would add a soap opera sequence at the start. So, soap opera sequence is like, as soon as they opt in, it's like a five-day emailing sequence. So, I'd probably just, if you've got 30, then I would, you know, potentially just at least change the first five to be there.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Do you want to see it?
Kyle Musca: Do you want to see what my list looks like? Yeah, feel free to pull it out. I'll show you the soap opera sequence, right?
Torin McGlynn: yeah, soap opera.
Kyle Musca: Interesting. So, it's like really about building value, value, value, and then it's like prompting for, you know, a CTA. So, getting... Making them to understand you a bit more, right?
Torin McGlynn: Building a bit of personalization with them.
Kyle Musca: But also telling a story so they start opening your emails, right? Because you leave it on a click hammer, cliffhanger. Tomorrow I'll show you what the everyday went wrong, the day that everything went wrong and how I changed my life forever.
Torin McGlynn: Talk soon.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Never forget this. So like your lowest point. And then you kind of start to offer how, you know, what you found with the nutrition, you know, the meal plans, healthy eating, being able to balance life and everything. Like that was the turnaround, right? Tomorrow I'll show you exactly what happened next. That set me on the path to completely turn my life around. begin continuously like living cliffhanger. You're not really like selling anything, right? I was training because of my, you know, not just training for muscle and strength. I training because it gave me structure, progress, and everything else in life where it felt hopeless. And I realized it applied the same principles everywhere, right? And then I went all in on it, right? Yeah. I'm going to show you something. you Even crazier. How much do you simple habits can fully transform your energy, relationship, and respect to everything else, right? Losing, yeah. So again, it's providing value, providing value, and then we're doing a bit of a pitch. So what I would probably do here is like, you can, if you want to just like sell by chat, which you could completely do, you could even potentially look at doing sell by chat, especially once you get coaches on and stuff. Because again, with the amount of volume you're getting, you can kind of afford to now go mid-ticket.
Torin McGlynn: Sell by chat. What do you mean by that?
Kyle Musca: So you wouldn't do a closing call at all. So you would just sell by chat. Oh, really? You wouldn't do a higher ticket. You'd do 95 a week or something, right? You'd do kind of mid-ticket and get the volume in.
Torin McGlynn: So like, how do you cope and do this, for example?
Kyle Musca: And they scaled it from zero to 100K in like eight weeks.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, really? Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. So I'm... No doubt I can get, like, if I keep doing what I'm doing now and growing the email list off, if I do like comment thing for recipe and then opt in, I think I could get my email list to 20, 30, 40k pretty easily.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would definitely do that. Keep it high ticket for right now and calls and everything. And when we get a coach on you, we probably won't change it too soon, but then like we can test out selling by chat.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool. I can, I just need to make a landing page where it's like opt in for the recipe and then, do you do it so then when they click show email, it just then does the recipe after, like the second thank you page or whatever?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can just add the Canva thing that you've already got there as like a thing that they can access. Or it sends them to the email. You know, what would be good actually is like, it's just been sent through your email. Check it. Yeah. And just send it as a PDF.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, that's just the first. Okay. Yeah. I'm just thinking of like the least friction, easy to do, because what I do is I just put it in chat to me and say, make this higher protein and better.
Kyle Musca: And put it out on a text. Oh, no. So that you'd give away still here. But they would say like, you know, I'll send you my recipe. Right. And then they're like.
Torin McGlynn: Curious. Because I was thinking, put it, put it before the recipe. So then like everybody joins the list.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could do that. Let's look at that in a second. I don't want to get off. We'll 100% look at like, look at that. But essentially, yeah, you would just do, have it in there somewhere. So they just enter their email kind of thing. Sure. I also sent you one of my client cookbooks for free here.
Torin McGlynn: It was bit of a fun. Oh, yeah. I changed that to client cookbooks so that I, you see the coach. Yeah. Clients get some nice goodies.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Cool. All right. So, and then what I would do is, like, if you are going to attach it to an email, you might want to just, like, chuck it in here, like, the recipe book. It was the last one I'd say there. So on the first stage. Yeah. Okay. And then it's attached in that first one. All right.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes total sense.
Kyle Musca: What I will do here is I'm pretty sure I have. Yeah, this one.
Torin McGlynn: So if you want that. Do I have access to all those lists there that you always open?
Kyle Musca: No. That's, like, my Slack channel.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, it's your Slack.
Kyle Musca: I thought I was saying I should be looking at all the time. don't don't know. know. If you answer these questions and everything, I can get you the draft built out, and then you can reword it accordingly.
Torin McGlynn: Sure, sure. Yeah, my email list right now is from that Jane Smith thing, so I just played around with it. I wrote one a day for 30 days. I actually think it's pretty solid, to be honest, but I think it could be improved for the first five.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the first five, and then you just get them on like a reoccurring type thing. Yeah. Cool.
Torin McGlynn: And to be fair, they've got pretty good open rate, like 2,246 people, 48% opens.
Kyle Musca: yeah, that's so good.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, And then even by the end of it, they're all 40%. It's not like they drop off. A little bit at like, um, maybe by the 20 mark, they go to 30. But then the last one, it says your order details, order 202. And it's like a thing that's supposed to get good click-throughs. And then it's like the very last one. Like, I'm not going to email you again if you want to sign up. Here's my strategy call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah. We can, I reckon, just build out the soap opera. You've already got that. We'll keep running and build the email list at a time. We'll get this front-end funnel figured out first. And then, like, once that's pumping and free-flowing, it's like, all right, let's now put our attention a little bit more to that. Um, and we also need to coach them before we look at doing that, um, as well. So, yeah, we may as well get the systems going there. Yeah. Yeah. We, we want our direct marketing. want our fast turnaround, cash collected, sorted first, because then it's like, once we've got that, you know, up and running, like it's, you know, going now, we're getting it there for sure. Then it's like, all right, cool. We've got now the time and the resources that we can afford to, you know, spend a bit more time on it.
Torin McGlynn: Um, Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's too thin by trying to  do both at the same time.
Torin McGlynn: then it's like, no, it gets. Yeah, totally agree with you.
Kyle Musca: 300k followers is huge. I just checked that the other day and you're like, have another 10k, so it's just growing like massively. Really, really capitalize on this with the emailing list though. So make sure that you do get that done.
Torin McGlynn: Do you have a go high level? No, that was something we talked about ages ago, but I just was swamped with everything else because I'm doing like five roles right now. But I probably should, hey.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's a great CRM. Now, there's two things you can do. Because you're doing something very simple, you can probably just build this out through go high level. So you can build the sites and everything. It's a great all-in-one system. For you, I would probably get it. It's only like $97 a month or something like that, just the base one. But you can like SMS through it. You can email through it. You can book calls through it, all that .
Torin McGlynn: The SMS through it sounds really good. Something that I would want to ask you is, can I straight up call?
Kyle Musca: All people's numbers from it. Yeah, yeah, you can. Like, you can call people. So I can go in contacts. Oh, sweet. You can call through there. The SMSs do have, like, they're super cheap. I'm pretty sure it's, like, 0.001 cent or something like that. But, like, if you're sending a  huge amount, they do rack up a little bit. Yeah, sure. You can absolutely call through them. So, beautiful. And then it's easy to filter as well because if you go, it's got a really cool functionality for all this stuff. So if you go filter, email, email is not empty. And it's, you can see clean records. I don't really focus on emailing this that much.
Torin McGlynn: But, like, again, you build it pretty quickly. Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Let me see. The other thing is for the ads as well. Like, we can, if you get a big enough, you need at least 5,000 people in there with contact details, so either phone or email. If you get over 5,000, you can add that as a retailer. We want a retargeting list in meta, which may be good to just run like a really nice cheap ad because one retargeting lists are very, very cheap because meta knows exactly who it should be targeting and we don't want to go outside that realm. So it's like we can do very cost efficient  there. The other thing is you can do lookalike audiences. So basically we'll take all the people in your emailing list and then it'll go see like all their interests, all their habits and everything like that. And you can go, you can refine it down to like 1% close interest. So people are 1% similar, all the way up to 10%, which gets quite broad. But like you can refine it quite a lot.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So this is where it brings me to my next point. One is you can bring, you can build sites out and stuff through GoHighLevel. And to be fair, you know, they're all right. They're nothing super special, but they're all right. If you just need like opt in and stuff like that.
Torin McGlynn: That'll do the job. Oh, they've split tests too. That's pretty good. That's fine. Right, there it's fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So just name, email, all that . Now, what I personally use is ClickFunnels. So ClickFunnels is just a lot more user-friendly. I don't know if it's going to be Probably, yeah, I'm not going to do that right now. It's a lot more user-friendly. And in terms of it's just like a lot of it's just drag or drop. And getting someone to actually build something out for you usually is a lot more affordable. But that's just another $97 a month.
Torin McGlynn: it just depends on if Except for just landing pages.
Kyle Musca: Just landing pages. But it's got, like, better features in terms of, like, conditional logic and everything like that. So it's like you can say, based on their answers, they either go to this page or they go to this page.
Torin McGlynn: Right? Oh, sweet.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And you can do multiple-step forms, which you can't do and go high-level. So for this, for example, it's like you have to just have the entire list like that as a form. Whereas in ClickFunnels, it can be like, no. They enter their name and then they go to email, they enter their email, then they go to age, then they enter their occupation, you what I mean?
Torin McGlynn: Okay, because I do have a lead pages thing, but I'll go off what you can because then you can coach me better now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean like you don't need both. I'll probably look at, go high level for you because you've got a huge, like you can have the potential to build a huge list. I'll probably get used to it. It also means you don't have to use Calendly or anything like that because it's all booked in here for you.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's great. Your email, I mean your calendar.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's usually pretty small. like testing stuff out with marketing as well. But then when you get closers and stuff, you can bring them in here as well. You can see all their calls a lot easier. They can SMS and message. You can even connect to Instagram so they can message your Instagram profile if, you know, to get the lead on the call or whatever the case may be. Oh, for a closer. Yeah, so it's like if you come into conversations here, you can see...
Torin McGlynn: All the different ways, like SMART, WhatsApp, email, Instagram. All right. I need to go high level. Okay.
Kyle Musca: I'll make it up. Yeah. So, I mean, yeah, it's, I mean, if you're already paying Calendly, like, the costs are pretty, I mean, this is obviously a little bit more expensive, but you get a lot more with it.
Torin McGlynn: What about Calendly? I've got, I've got a couple of things. An AWeber for the email list, and I've got, I wait, because I have an email list already that has two and a half thousand people on it. Can I export all the emails and put it on?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So just export them, and then there'll be an import button here somewhere, import comp tax.
Torin McGlynn: Ah, easy. Because I pay for a couple of things, like lead pages alone is a 99 USD. It's just for landing pages.
Kyle Musca: 99 USD?
Torin McGlynn: A month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'll definitely go ClickFunnels over there. Yeah. It's super easy. Like, you can build it yourself. They've got templates and stuff as well, so you don't even need someone to build it. Um, the life. Like, I would log in and show you, but the point is it's, you know, a lot more user-friendly and looks a lot cleaner.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool. I still have, I still have, like, a landing page that has a video VF set on it. That's lead pages.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so you can just convert all that over.
Torin McGlynn: Like, it wouldn't be that difficult.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Because Tommy was saying the same thing. He was like, do you have a core high level? And he was like, yeah, you should definitely get that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, when you bring on closers and stuff. When it's you, like, you don't have to have all these systems. When it's a team, it's, like, communication's huge. And, like, you don't want to be the middle man. It's, like,  chasing people up and all that . Like, it's just easy, all in one place. Yeah, cool. You can get US numbers, you can get Australian numbers, can connect to WhatsApp, you can connect to Instagram, all that stuff.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, again, just with the rapid growing of followers, usually I'm, like, pretty against building that emailing list and stuff for most people. But with you, it's just, like, it makes so much So I would definitely, like, get on top of that.
Torin McGlynn: What does a mid-ticket offer do? Do I have one, like, just grouping calls and give them, like, a just standard, like, workout plan or something?
Kyle Musca: You can create it however you want to. I think what Hattie and Coben do is, like, fortnightly check-ins and then they do, you know, weekly group coaching calls and everything like that. To be fair, like, $99, $95 for, like, what a lot of them do, like, kind of what EBT and Mitch Little do and everything like that around that because they have the, you know, leads to be, not the leads, but the volume to do that. It's pretty  service, I'm not going to lie. Like, a lot of it's, like, email support and, like,  no real one-to-one contact with an actual coach and everything. I don't think do that, personally, just because I think, like, the retention, I think, is not great on it, which is fair enough if I was paying $95 a week. Thank you. Basically just program. I'd be like, what the ? But yeah, I don't think do it right now. think let's just keep it a high ticket how it's going well for now. Let's get the system and the infrastructure set up. Get a coach on board at least, very first at least.
Torin McGlynn: And then we can play around with it and, you know, split test some of it. Yeah. Because another thing is I could, like, as a, the email list could also be for if I launch a cookbook, because all of these followers are into food.
Kyle Musca: All of them. Well, that's what I was, that's the other thing I thought earlier in the week, actually. You just reminded me that you do, or even like go back and get a VA to do this. Go back and like get her to create a literal cookbook for you of all the recipes you've already done. And then just make your own cookbook as time goes on and just keep continuously adding to it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I think that would be so beneficial because 300,000 followers and they're all coming for food. Surely we could get 1% of them to buy, like, a $20 cookbook. Yeah, 100%. If we're talking about 1% of $300,000, that's $60,000 if you were to make it $20, which is pretty great.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, I even if we use that as, like, again, like lead magnet stuff, you know what mean? Like, get them in there, and they're like, oh, so this is known as a tripwire, so it's like, oh, cool. you've, you know, bought the cookbook, like, you've actually qualified to just get a free, like, coaching call just to help you out with your nutrition, with one of our nutritionists. Probably worth it better than that. But then it's like, you know. Yeah, but then it's like, oh, like, you're doing that. Okay, no, that makes sense why you've been struggling. Oh, all right. Well, actually, like, based on everything you've told me, actually, I qualified to, you know, come into our VIP coaching group because it would basically just sort all that stuff for you. Like, getting a little bit of an extra hand with that. that. So it's like they're getting on for one reason and then it's like you're selling them on another.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's what you're talking about with like higher, I don't like, that would be a closer that's doing that?
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't waste your time doing them, that would drive you insane.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, so they're probably closer, right, it's way less.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it'd probably be like 20-30%, but you're getting a lot more volume and it's like that's just the closer's job, you know what mean, their job.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, and then, you know, again, we can look at this, but that's even when we can, you know, maybe you call them for people that do the tripwire, they don't convert, then they go into, you know, a nurture sequence of email where we provide more value, more value, more value, and then it's like, hey, you know, we're launching this very special offer for the first five people only. It's just $95 a week, because they've just already spoken to you and you've told them it's  two or three grand, that I got $95 a week, that's a steal, I'll do that.
Torin McGlynn: All right, yeah. There's so much potential here, like, so much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so there's one step at a time, let's just implement stack it on top. So first things for you is definitely looking at hiring a coach Asa.
Torin McGlynn: Secondly, I'm going to post a story literally right after this call saying, yeah, what do I do, like hiring someone to join the team alongside me?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, basically, kind of like how we did the graphics. It doesn't have to be doing anything too crazy. If you don't get any pull from them, have you got my coaching application form?
Torin McGlynn: Do I send you that through?
Kyle Musca: Oh, for the actual? Yeah, you send that to me back as well, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I send you back with my edited pull.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. I've done it twice as an ad, so if you don't get any good, you should get a few. But if you don't get any really good, like, responses from Then just let us know we can run it as an ad. I've done it twice, spent $200 to $250 on each one, and both of them got 30 to 40 applicants.
Torin McGlynn: So one got 30, the other got 40 in like a couple of days. Yeah, I sent out some feedbacks to some people that I know, but it's come to a point now where I just can't really take many more clients on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would get rid of it, like get a coach on a set. Simply something like this. Oh, easy. And just try a few different versions. Now, with the, so when you go post on a story, like obviously you do the writing and everything, and then you'll attach the link as the actual like little attach to it, but save it before you do that. So if we do need to run it as an ad, then, because the link will actually be here. So it won't, if you put the link on there and save it and it's on the story, it won't work. That's cool. Definitely get on that ASAP, because yeah, you don't want to get, you're very quickly getting to the point where you're just going to be. You're so overwhelmed with the work and you can't. Your biggest bottleneck is, like, you can't take on more work, which is a good problem to have.
Torin McGlynn: A fantastic problem to have. I didn't ever think I'd be here in a good while, and I'm here now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like we just need a pretty easy fix. Like, that's the good thing about this, it's a pretty easy fix. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. And then you pay them, like, $20, $25 a client or something, a week?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so in terms of the hiring process, yeah, this is good when you chat to them. If you do get on calls before we speak next with applicants, then just let me know, and we can run through the fine details. But realistically, this is where you have the different packages. So for, like, the silver, where it's just, like, video check-ins, and it depends on what you want to do. If it's video check-ins, like, once a four-night, I'd say start with about $17.50. If it's, you know, every, sorry, every week, $17.50. If it's four-night, you might even want to do just $10, you know what mean? $10 per week, so $20. Per check-in. And that's how you say it, per check-in. So $17.50 for the lowest, and I'd probably do $22.50 for the mid-tier, and I wouldn't do a high-tier one. High-tier ones for right now can keep going with you. want to make sure that they, you know, understand the system.
Torin McGlynn: But there's 3K ones and these USD whales that I keep, that have.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd probably, yeah, for now, for now at least, just get them, you know, into the system. You know, it won't take long, like a few weeks, just to make sure that they're confident in their role and they're doing their job properly.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But the ultimate goal here is, one, you want to have room for the, you know, increase their pay with time and make that known for them. Like, obviously, you know, you start and you're just on a trial period. But I do want to, you know, obviously increase this as you sort of prove yourself. So there's an incentive there for them to do it. So, and the, like, and that's, like, every, you know, maybe after a couple of weeks, if they're doing really good, or after three months, you give them, like, $2.50 increase. So then it goes from $17.50 to $20. I don't want to micromanage it. As long as you're doing your job, then happy days. And I want a really good community to be a part of. I want someone who's actually passionate and not just chasing a paycheck, who's actually passionate and willing to prove themselves and work into this role. And yeah, the biggest thing is you want to make and set the standard and set the tone, right? The other thing you say is like, you don't have to worry about everything. You're not running the business at all. All you have to do is show up, do the check-ins, and make sure that the client gets a really good experience and do the thing that you love. I'll handle all the annoying conversations of failed payments, cancellations, all the marketing, all that stuff to bring clients in and running your overall business, all the accounting, all that . You don't have to worry about any of it. You just focus on coaching. Because it sounds like $17.50 sounds like  all. When you get it up to, you know, $25 and stuff and dirty, then it's like, okay, cool. But... I'm paying, you know, my coaches both over about two grand a week at the moment and they can, they only work about, you know, 20, 30 hours max a week and they can, one of them's got a kid so he can't, but like, essentially they could work wherever they want in the world. They could do, they could travel if they want to, they could focus on, you know, their own, you know, like one of them is an Ironman competitor, you know, he focuses heavily on that because he's got the flexibility to do it.
Torin McGlynn: All right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I can, I can frame it right. I can frame it right. What I did with the other business that I was running, because I did the, um, I did the interviews, it was 50 USD a month, whatever, whatever the client.
Kyle Musca: Uh, I like to have like different tiers so that I treat them a little bit better. Um, you can do 50 USD a month, like that's what, like 75 bucks.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. It's it for a month. And then even if that's on like a two grand package, it's  all really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you could, you could do it that way if you want to, I would do whatever.
Torin McGlynn: know. I like the way you're talking about it. sounds better. And it's almost like there's so many numbers there that they'll just be like, oh, yeah, that can get pretty high, can't it?
Kyle Musca: And then they just sign up. Yeah, like you don't want someone to get on an actual like, you know, good core level package that someone's paid good money for and just treat it like a  low level, you know, person, right? And then obviously you want performance-based because if they lose a client, like it helps retention. If they lose a client, they lose income. And also you want to make sure that they're a contractor. Don't bring them on as an employee. So they deal with all their accounting. They deal with all the ABA and the tax . They're a contractor.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, you got a contract and  for that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I can send that through. Whenever you get the coach something, I'll send it through. The other big thing with hiring, so with hiring a coach, I always find the best one, it's pretty simple hire usually, but just make sure that the best hire you can get is someone who is really passionate about fitness. They've been doing it a while, you know, bonus points, I would make sure they're But a certificate has done some kind of training, the actual educational side of things, so they obviously know how things work. But, you know, potentially maybe they've tried being a PT or an online coach and just it's, you know, not done well for them because they don't know how to mark the business or get clients or anything like that, right? Because you don't want someone who's overly ambitious. You want someone who is going to stick around long term, who is not going to, you know, get greedy once you've given them a couple of clients and like, I could go do this in the self. That is another key reason we don't want to give them too many hands and too many in business. We just want them doing purely the coaching side of things and not doing anything else. We don't want them to, you know, see how the business works in the back end and then be like, cool, I could go do this with myself. So someone who is not super ambitious, but they're very passionate, essentially.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I think that's the problem with, like, I was essentially someone's coach and now I'm going off on my own. Yeah, yeah, yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool. And there's a lot of them out there, to be honest. Like, there's a lot of people out there that just are passionate about Fathom is not super ambitious right now to go do their own thing. The other really important thing with hiring a coach is setting the standard early and making sure that they very much understand their role in the business. So, you know, like when I first hired my first coach, like he was not a close mate of mine, but a mate of mine. And I was like, look, we're friends and everything. I want a great community in the coaching system. But the business does come first. If you don't perform, like I will start being very  about it. Like he will be very, it will be very clear that I'm not happy. So, you know, we, we, we have a high level of standard here and that's how we've been able to, you build this coaching company to where it is. And that, that standard cannot be jeopardized at any point in time. So clients need to be responded to within normal working hours. Obviously, if it's 9 p.m., then, you know, fair enough, wait till the morning. But between normal working hours of like 8 to 6 p.m. type thing, they need to be replied to within an hour, two hours at the very most max. Adjustments need to make, be made within a day, then and there. It needs to be done. No adjustments can be missed, right? Because that's obviously super annoying if the client says they need to adjust something and then the coach doesn't get it done. leaves a very sour taste in them out. Basically, just setting this standard of like, you can be flexible, but you are here to work. This is not a holiday. And the other thing is, do not bring them on too much into the business. So I had a girl who we, I had a coach with her. was the first coach that she ever hired. And then she stopped and went to someone else. And then she didn't really set the standard or really, you know, control that very well. And then all of a sudden, the second coach started saying like, because she started bringing on like more as the face of the company and everything like that and doing the shoots with her and like, you know, promoting it as the two of them. Then she was like, oh, I want to, you know, I want to be a partner in the business. want to be paid more, all that stuff. So she started like getting greedy and hard. Asking for a lot more because she brought her on too much and, you know, didn't keep her essentially in her place.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it makes sense. It kind of makes sense for both parts, right? Like the person, the coach itself and the business owner. It's just like, not good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then she went through this whole really annoying thing. She's probably still going through it, to be honest. Where then, like, because she was like wanting to get paid more and be more part of the business and everything, then she wanted to actually become an employee, which is super annoying. I would never do that because there's so much more like, I guess, liabilities and legalization that you have to do on your end. And I, when she started asking that, I was like, just fire, just get rid of it, get someone else like now before, you know, it becomes a bigger issue.
Torin McGlynn: What happens if you need to fire and all the clients?
Kyle Musca: It's what's a contract. So you can just basically let them go. Obviously, if you've got a good relationship and they've been doing their job, I wouldn't just  pull it from them.
Torin McGlynn: I mean, the clients. That they're coaching.
Kyle Musca: Say if they've got 30 clients and they start acting up, what do I do then? Yeah, know to a new coach. Just be like, hey, obviously in the contract, it says that the coach that you fired, they can't take or work with any of the clients. But you basically just say, you can say a few things like, hey, you know, Rachel's gone to pursue something else. And, you know, I've actually been, we can cross that bridge.
Torin McGlynn: It's not that difficult. You might lose it. No, that's, that's me overanalyzing the situation. No, that's, that's not going to happen. I'm going to hire someone that's not going to need to do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If it's still early days and stuff, like it's not the B is still. Like Bree had a coach that she hired and was just a bit of pain in the  for the first like 10 weeks. And then she's like, I want to go, you know, do this marketing thing or whatever. And then she got a second coach on. That's when we ran the ad. And she absolutely loves it and coached now. Pretty easy transition process over.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool. Not bad.
Kyle Musca: Not bad. Yeah. Those are the biggest things with hiring coaches. Pretty simple and straightforward. But you just do need to make sure that you set the standard, set the tone early on for what to expect.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's with any higher I've found. Like, you really need to really make it very clear from the start on the expectations. Because if you let it go unchecked, then it just goes to  real quick. And then you can't fix it because that's just the standard that they're used to. You know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Like, does it make sense? It makes sense. Yeah, makes total sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So, any questions on any of that?
Torin McGlynn: Anything around the hiring process at all? No, no. We just got to get to it and get the applicants in, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's pretty, honestly, a lot simpler than you probably think.
Torin McGlynn: Obviously, hiring. Like, the thing is, I have experience with this. Like, I've actually done it with three different coaches for the other business. So, I know how to set the standard and I know how to lead coaches. It'll be fun. It'll be fun.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. And then I'll go to the... So some of stuff that we need to, but again, one thing in time. Nice. And then, yeah, definitely like working crazy hours, which is great. And then productive, but yeah, definitely need to start offloading that now because you're at the point where, so essentially I like to think of it as a three-step system. So step one, you kind of already got to, got past is where, or you're at the very back end of it, where it's like you have nothing to trade besides your time. And then like, obviously you get to the point where you get cashflow into the business and that's where, you know, you've got good cashflow. So you're at step two. You kind of, we kind of start working together like right as you got into step two, you're already sitting in step two. That's when it's like, cool, what's your bottleneck now? I have no more time to give, but I'm earning a lot of cash, which is what you're doing. So it's like, we need to now pivot to go to step two, I guess, step one, two, three, is you need to now need to buy back your time. You need to hire employees to do that. You delegate tasks. So that's going to be the next, I guess, probably. Weird thing for you. I mean, it sounds like you've already had experiences managing other businesses as well, which is great. But like just getting used to delegating tasks, anything that you don't need to do, anything that's not, you know, profit-focused and driving money into the business, it's like just pass that on to someone else.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I still edit my own videos as well, so it's probably something.
Kyle Musca: Biggest thing is captions. With your videos, I mean, they work.
Torin McGlynn: They're not very active.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. They work and they're very organic, which is good. Like I find, I've made this mistake, a lot of people can make this mistake, is they think that an editor is great to, it's one of the first things I would delegate, but at the same time, you don't want to pass it off to a  video editor, and then they start like doing all these crazy edits that just aren't necessary because it starts to look very bad, like, you know what mean? Like, and just gimmicky. Yours look good, nice and authentic. They're just edited on the phone, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So, yeah, you know how to do it. You could pass it to an editor and say, like, hey, want you to edit this in edits, et cetera, et cetera. Do you edit in edits?
Torin McGlynn: I edit in cut, and then I bring it over to edits to the captions. Yeah. Because I saw somewhere that it boosts engagement a little bit, and I think it does.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what I was about to say. So edits does favor. Instagram favors edits because it's its own platform. It wants more people on there.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I do the captions in there. But then the actual, like, transitions and everything else I do, and you can make it louder on CapCut, which I think helps with engagement, too.
Kyle Musca: Yes, you can do that on edits as well. Okay. It's sound effects stuff and everything. But either way, that's fine. So if you were to do that, I would probably say, like, hey, edit in CapCut or edits, and then send me this with a caption so I can put it into edits and get that, you know, so edits can see that I edited in edits. But yeah, cool. So not super important. Your content's killing it. I wouldn't change it or anything.
Torin McGlynn: And right now, get a coach. I think getting all the creative  where, you know, creating, converting content and stuff that can wait. I don't have any creativity right now to be thinking about ideas. I would prefer, like, it's still, we're getting plenty of leads and everything with these videos. And I honestly think if I should, like, stick with this format, I can hit a million followers. Honestly, I think. Within, like, next year.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think if it goes the way it's going, then probably well before then.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, like, you mean next month in, like, 20, 26, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, no. So, yeah, I fully agree. Do not change anything. And I've, again, I've been guilty of that in the past. And I've seen other people be guilty of as well. It's like, something works. And it's, like, so unique and, like, niched, like, what you're doing. And then they try and go off and do other things. It's like, that works. The algorithm knows that that works for you. Your followers like that content from you. Don't feel like, think people are going to get bored or anything like that. It works and it works and continues to work. Like, I, my. What I initially went viral for is just the reaction videos that I do right now, and then I swayed away from that for ages, and I've come back to it now, and it still  works. It's the same thing. I could have just continued to throw stuff.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I'm just talking about the actual nurturing content, where it's like, it could make a lead a little bit more warm, because I don't think mine makes leads more warm. It just goes viral and gets me loads of followers.
Kyle Musca: Yes, and... I mean, you could throw it in there if you wanted to.
Torin McGlynn: Like, I can see, okay, so my biggest, the biggest guys that do mine are Matt West and Ben Moore, and they throw in a few nurturing-looking videos, but for every, like, four reaction videos.
Kyle Musca: You could do that, for sure. You could do that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, well, I don't, right now, I just, I know that it would stress me out too much, and it would be counterproductive. Right now, I just want to keep on doing these viral videos, because it's easy, and then I can, it does help with, because you know the way sometimes... What video should I make? And then you spend like two hours on it, you actually haven't got anywhere. Right now, I can just literally look at a recipe, make it, react to it.
Kyle Musca: It's posted. Yeah. I mean, you can do that with the nurturing ones as well, the value-driven ones, by just doing the same concept. Go find someone who does that a lot. What's his name? I can't think of it off top of my head. He's really good at doing the value-driven ones, and he goes like semi-viral off them. Um, but it's like, this is 500 calories of QBMA, and this is 500 calories of strawberries. That type of .
Torin McGlynn: There's loads of those boys, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, so it's like, you could do that stuff. But again, let's not focus on the run. Um. So you need 11k by the end of October.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, by the way, um, we have hit 30k for the month of October. 24th. We've done 31,000 exactly right now.
Kyle Musca: so it's pretty crazy. Yeah. What was the end of month last, last month? Was that the 16, when, 16, 17, end of the month, or was that just when we started?
Torin McGlynn: We started about six weeks ago, hey. Yes. But look at my, see, it's kind of hard because my Stripe, so if I go to September on this Stripe account, it says, it says 8K, but there was other income as well. Right now, so it says 15,000, 15.5,000 dirhams. And then if I go to October 1st to the 24th, 74.2,000 dirhams, which is way more, and it's all in the Dubai account, so that's even better. Like, I've completely eliminated my Australian one now. Yes. So that's, yeah, 31,000. The most I ever made was 16 before this month.
Kyle Musca: Are you going to become, were you a Dubai resident?
Torin McGlynn: Um, I've got a, no, I'm not a Dubai resident, no.
Kyle Musca: Are you an Australian, like, tax resident?
Torin McGlynn: So this is another stress in my life. So I like staying in Australia and I want to stay, but I don't know if I can stay for more than 183 days because of my business. But then I've also talked to an accountant that says I can, but I just need to pay myself a salary and pay tax on that salary. But then there's so many ins and outs of it because then why wouldn't everyone do that? Where I might need to go to Dubai for six months of the year.
Kyle Musca: Why six months?
Torin McGlynn: Well, it doesn't need to be six months in Dubai, but one of the residency tests to not be an Australian tax resident at all is to be under 183 days.
Kyle Musca: It's just one of the four. Yeah. So for me, obviously, because I'm going through it, you can only spend a max of six months in Australia and you only need to enter Dubai once in six months. you might walk out the door and then go somewhere else. Yeah, but I would probably try to. Becoming an Australian tax risk, if you can, just because that will chew massively into your profits, especially with you, because you're going to make a lot of profits. Being smaller in terms of team, you don't have heaps of overheads. They will just absolutely molest you.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. See, the thing is, with this, if I want to stay more than six months, there's a possibility of me being able to pay my salary of just like 70k for the year. And then I put tax on that, and then it's got call tax. But I'm not 100% confident on that yet. I'm okay to go over there. just, I just, right now I've been traveling around so much that I, I crave stability. I don't have a house.
Kyle Musca: I just stay in these different Airbnbs. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, that's, it's tricky. But that's like why I left Australia. the tax is just absolutely absurd.
Torin McGlynn: And I just keep getting it with more and Is this your first time? Like, this is your first time just, you've been paying the ATO like thousands of dollars before this?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like I was paying him like eight to 16 grand a month.
Torin McGlynn: On Fathom.
Kyle Musca: That's disgusting. Yeah, so they do not, and it's just getting worse. So I'm probably like, if I was going to give you some feedback, it's like Australia is the worst country in the world for tax, like literally one of the worst.
Torin McGlynn: I think it is, yeah. And the US, obviously.
Kyle Musca: I don't think the US has anything on Australia. If you had to pay the tax that Australians have, they'd probably have a civil war. Okay.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What I'll probably do, and I mean, have you ever been to Thailand?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I've been, you mean like, what is it, Sunui?
Kyle Musca: Is that where people go? I went to Kosovo, it's a bit boring, I'm not going to lie, it's pretty small. I'm, I'll probably, I think I'll spend like, being here for a month, I reckon I'll spend probably like a long, good period, most of my chunk of time in Thailand, and then just come back to Dubai every, like, obviously within every six months or something like that.
Torin McGlynn: Do you have a house in, in Australia?
Kyle Musca: No.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, because I like living in Australia, and I've got a partner there as well, but I don't know how long that's going to last, but yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'd like, I might, you know, you can still spend up to six months. I'll probably cap it at four just so they don't try and audit me. But like, yeah, the tax is just like, I think in the last, since the last financial year, when I last checked, and this was like a month or two ago, 144,000 millionaires have left Australia in this last financial year alone. Because it's just like, you, they just, you cannot, if you start making profit and start making money, they will just tax everything you do, and you kind of like break past it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, I'm good with not living in Australia. I see, I like, I have talked to loads of people. I do want to live in Australia, though. That's the, that's the issue here. Like, I've done this whole travel around like Bali and Dubai. stayed in Dubai for like two Months, or six weeks. I want to find a way that I can with keeping all my profits in my Dubai company, but I don't know if there's a way. But I have heard from accountants that there is a way.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you can, fantastic. Otherwise, yeah, I rate Thailand. Bali sucks, I hate Bali. don't like Bali at all. Thailand is just like, you know, better version of Bali.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I lived there for six months, bro, but then I got sick of it.
Kyle Musca: Bali or Thailand?
Torin McGlynn: Bali.
Kyle Musca: Bali. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was there for a month. was about to be there for three months. was like, this place sucks.
Torin McGlynn: It's also, your algorithm goes to  there as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. My algorithm is being  pumping here. It's because Bali is so restrictive of everything. Like, they're, you know, obviously so anti-drugs, 's fully banned and everything. They're super restrictive, which is weird, considering, like, how much of it is.
Torin McGlynn: There's some good stuff to that, but it's so , the place. Like, my, obviously I wasn't going viral then I had 2,000 followers. anywhere. But That was only like three months ago. And just all my videos would flop. All of them, I'd spend hours on them, way longer than the videos I make now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think it's just, yeah. Yeah, I'm not a fan of it at all. Would not go back there at all. Yeah, cool. But just food for thought. mean, obviously you can do whatever you want.
Torin McGlynn: That's something that I like honestly need to fully sort out. But it's good that I have the business set up and all my money is going through the Dubai business. Like, that's a good thing in itself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you could even look at it. No, that'd probably definitely get you on this. But I'm pretty sure Canada, for example, you can go there, stay six months, and then you just leave the country for 24 hours, and then you just go back for another six months. Like, because some of them have such  terrible immigration laws that it's like, it's so stupid.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But anyway. Cool. So, some, like, to-do list stuff. Must do. Yeah, so I think just over the next week, the biggest things for you, like, again, I'm not a huge fan of giving you a massive to-do list because it's like nothing ever gets done. Biggest things for you is number one priority is hiring a coach, getting someone on to take the fulfillment side of things for you. Second one, and it's pretty relatively easy, is probably just get, go high-level set up, maybe ClickFunnels or something. You don't need, high-level, essentially, the more important thing, because it'll be easier to do, is just some sort of landing page where you can attach a recipe e-book and start getting opt-ins to build a larger e-mail list. Yeah. Those, yeah. Then what we can even do is, that's the other thing I want to talk about, turn off ads to focus on the lead magnet stuff now just to keep profits really heavy. I spoke to Klamea, she spoke to you and everything, it seems like you probably need to increase hours on that just to be able to get back to I totally do 10 a day, 70 a week. Yeah, beautiful. And then what... What I reckon we can even look at doing is once you start building those emailing lists and everything like that, or we couldn't even do it off messages actually because the people that come through many chats, then you can start, we could even run an ad just retargeting straight messages, which is very cost, retargeting again is very cost effective to do. And they're already very highly engaged followers.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I reckon, I reckon all retargeting. Retargeting, definitely right now it feels overwhelming to be doing these  sales calls because it just takes time and they're all Indians and say no, no money. Definitely turn off ads right now. And then we also have it in the back pocket where the ones that Ron just edited, I'll get the other ones done just to have them for when we need them. But with the sheer volume of things happening right now and also just me not being able to do as much work, let's just turn them all off.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the, and then I reckon, again, with your kind of content, let me quickly find it. I know, I haven't actually checked this, haven't had the chance to yet. But, let me find I don't know if I was a screenshot of the other day. So if you ever see someone who does, or like a good ad from someone, a few things you can do. One is you can go, have you used meta ads library?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah. I looked up Sage's ads actually. Yeah. I wanted to see what his would like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. So let me.
Torin McGlynn: I wonder if Matt West or Ben Moore has any, because they're obviously my kind of content.
Kyle Musca: Where does this  go out of a screenshot?
Torin McGlynn: I also have a sales call in six minutes. So yeah, I can literally just go straight from this.
Kyle Musca: Just saying, yeah. Yeah, yeah. No, I might not be able to find it quickly enough. But yeah, the other thing is, yeah, that's probably all. can't really, don't have the time to show you the other one at the moment. Sure. Well, Ben, anything else that you want to like chat about at all?
Torin McGlynn: No, I'm pretty happy, Matt, to be honest. We've obviously already doubled my income.
Kyle Musca: for We've So that's pretty good. Yeah. The biggest thing now, like, won't be more so pushing, like, we obviously want to keep pushing the revenue and up. Biggest thing now won't necessarily be doing that, though. It's more so we need to now bring in the systems and, you know, the team a little bit more to give back your time so we can do that more efficiently.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, I no doubt. To be honest, man, like, I used to think 100K was, like, not something at all that's achievable. Now I reckon, like, 200K is definitely achievable.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's just about stacking week on week. And, again, there's a lot of plays that we're going have to, not have to, but we will add in as time goes on. So just, again, don't feel overwhelmed. Don't try and spread yourself too thin and, like, do everything at once. It's just one step, one step, one step, one step, one step.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. The other thing we'll do is at the end of the month, we'll do a magic hat trick.
Torin McGlynn: Have you done that before? It's the, you've been chosen. Yeah, he's got obviously  thousands of messages in there.
Kyle Musca: So it'll be really interesting to see how that goes. That's another thing where GoHighLevel works really well. You can do it through Calendly, but you can have like different calendars with different colors. So you can like literally just like look at your week of calls and see like where each call is coming from.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah, I'm definitely not prepared for that right now, but I will, we'll get, before that, GoHighLevel done, get a coach. Get a coach I'm going to do right now after this sales call. Hopefully I'll close it. I will close it. And once we have that all set up, then I'll start those five new, what's it called? Opera thing for the email list.
Kyle Musca: So if you just fill out that form, the questionnaire I sent to you, you can send it back and I'll build it for you. And then you can just reword it. So I'll just build a skeleton for you.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool. Cheers, bro. All right. Yeah, very happy with the last week. It's been sick. Closing deal is pretty, like my sales. Those skills, so much better, again.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful, man. I'll get the ads turned off pretty much now. And then, yeah, cool.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, turn them all off. I'm pretty confident that we don't need them right now.
Kyle Musca: And also, to be honest, I just need to put time into other things. Yeah, yeah, no, sick. Sweet, man, if you need me for anything, just let me know. Otherwise, once we get this coach on, we should just free up a lot of things for you.
Torin McGlynn: Appreciate it, bro. All right, I'll see you soon.
Kyle Musca: Cheers, man. Bye. Bye.


>>> 227/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-24T05:35:52Z | id:96501497
People: Kyle Musca

Sage Damsma: Jump back in the drive. This meeting is being recorded. With calls?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, I think I'll definitely take most of them from here on. She's going to Thailand next week as well. So if I've just got  on, I'll probably still put them on to her.
Kyle Musca: She said she can do calls while she's away.
Sage Damsma: But I'll probably still do most of them for the meantime.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, cool. I would definitely, yeah, for you, I would definitely get back into them because your close rate was great.
Sage Damsma: Cash coming in was great. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't make the mistake of, like, getting two hands off of the sales process.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I reckon well. And then she's obviously doing Jessie as well, and Jessie gets pretty good volume as well, so you don't want her to, like, start prioritizing different things just because she's also taken some for Jake, and then, like, it's double booking started to come in.
Sage Damsma: I wish she started prioritizing it for Jessie. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Cool, man. Cool, Thank Is she closing well for Jessie? Still pretty early to tell. She did sort of two, she did do two closes and then those two girls came out to be  super annoying and like retarded. It's too early to tell. 13 calls booked is still good though. I reckon while you're back, like we need to go real hard on pumping things out in terms of content, ad content. So meta seems to have gone through a new update where it's, it's called the Andromeda update where it's going to value sort of volume more in terms of different creatives and testing. Cause it was like, basically when you create a, like a campaign, creates a big pool. And then it's like in, you know, let's say that's, we do a fitness campaigns. Everyone who's ever done anything with whatever, but anyone's done anything with fitness isn't that, but that could be from, obviously we do age restrict targeting and stuff, but like that could be, you know, someone who is overweight, who started looking at fitness content to try and get into it. Fantastic. Or it could be a  seasoned bodybuilder who's competing at IFBB. It could be people that are just looking at, you know, Gymshark and, you know, Under Armour and fitness apparel for soccer. It could be  swimming people. You know what mean? Like, you know, and then it'll basically take that media and in that pool, it'll have those smaller pools of those categories. And it'll take the media and try and like place it around the different pool to figure out what works. So it's like the more media you have, like filtering around that, the more likely you'll find something that wins.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: From what I've seen on it. So I think just pumping out content like a  in terms of ad content. So you film all your organic content. Are you going to use V at all for any of that stuff?
Sage Damsma: Okay, but we just use Jen, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, oh yeah, that works. Yeah. Sweet. It's good that you have her, right?
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What I reckon we do is, I know we spoke about doing the, you know, the, like, seven-day challenge thing type thing, which is great. I just don't know if it will really be worth running, because we want to do something in December to make sure that we'll be capitalizing on people that, you know, December's usually a quiet period, so we kind of obviously want to market something for New Year, New Year challenge type thing. We kind of run over this with different people and how to, like, package it and everything like that. I honestly reckon we just run with, like, saying it's a New Year's challenge, essentially, but not giving away pricing details. We're not doing mid or low ticket. It's the exact same thing as we're already  doing, but we're just wrapping it in a New Year's challenge, right? And then having, like, certain criteria where, you know, we market the cutoff date is the 20th, because you're probably not going to be wanting to  work and take calls over Christmas and New Year's and stuff, and neither is the people. But, you know,  on the other side of the call, then they're not going to be interested in that  at all. So it's like maybe it starts the fourth. Like this is the other thing we could look at doing. Could start the seventh. Probably not good to start on the first or something that close. Give them a week to get back in the swing of things. Either start the seventh or the 14th, right? And then we do a really strong, hard marketing push in that period as well to get all the new year's resolutions come through. And then so this way we have like a two-sided  marketing campaign. One is heavy head on December, getting people locked in early, and then hard push in January to get anyone who didn't commit, right? So does that all make sense so far?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Does that all sound good?
Sage Damsma: Yeah. No, I think it's like, I think the timing now is like you said, it's a bit like if we do one now, it's just like pushing it and may as just wait till December.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Sage Damsma: And capitalize on the new year. It's resolution noobs that always comes through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, but you need to, I found like you need to market in December because if you wait till January, we can still pick up people, don't get me wrong, but if you wait till January, anyone that was like kind of serious has already committed to something, to a different question, or was actually already properly marketed beforehand.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, because last year I did that train for free, like the week before Christmas, and then we closed them like between, I don't know, it's kind of  time, but between Christmas and New Year's, like those few days there, we closed them and they started fresh in January.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, yeah, that's it.
Sage Damsma: I'd rather do what you said, wait till that hard push in January to get them, oh no, you didn't  blah, blah, blah, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and I reckon, I reckon we just market it as like, yeah, we market it, as I said, as a challenge, but it's not like we're saying it's, you know, $19 or $249 or anything like that. And it's just a challenge with , you know, like seven grand worth of prizes. Which is, and I reckon like sit down and like really think about what you can add here to make it like really  special. So, you know, have you got any like sponsors, like supplements, branding, anything like that?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I've got EHP. And I could get, you know, Nick Cunningham, who owns Cultivate.
Kyle Musca: I think I've seen Cultivate, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, he said if I ever do challenges, he'll throw in a voucher or shirts and , so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like if you could do 250 from that, 250 from EHP, I reckon, so the reason we're not doing it, I don't think we say it's a 10-week challenge, 12-week challenge, three-month challenge, whatever the . We could, theoretically. I mean, we could say it's a 12-week challenge. Anyway, on the sales call, I reckon we do like two, so it's like obviously, you know, have two winners for three in six months. So it's like if someone has 20 kilos to lose, then it's like, oh, well, you know, we do have the three-month challenge, but obviously it's going to take a little bit longer to get rid of it. So if you get a six So you actually get a better rate and you go into your own prize pool because there's a prize pool for the six months.
Sage Damsma: Do you want to just do that instead?
Kyle Musca: You could actually do a timeframe on it. 12-week challenge. That works. Maybe do that because 12-week challenge, yeah, maybe we do that. 12-week challenge sounds a bit better in terms of like the deadline to come in too. They love that . Yeah. 12-week challenge, $7,000 worth of prizes. So the prizes, obviously, you know, let's say $250,000, $250,000 voucher for those two things. And then we can say extra three months of coaching for both winners. So that's, and we'll say it's $3,000, we'll just stretch it. That's $6,000 right there. So you could say $7,000. And then everyone obviously comes through the challenge, wins another $500,000 voucher to put straight towards coaching. That they can continue on with, right? So we could say round it up to $10,000.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, up to you how you want to do that. I'll send you through a questionnaire just to, you spend some time. Thinking about filling it out and then send it back to me and then I'll write all the scripts. I'm obviously going to be on the plane on Monday for a while, so I'll be writing scripts and everything like that while I'm on the plane and got nothing else to  do.
Sage Damsma: Is that to Canada?
Kyle Musca: Back to the Gold Coast.
Sage Damsma: Oh, righto.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you're sick. Yeah. Cool. And then we'll all that sorted. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Sage Damsma: No, that's pretty straightforward.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. And then, again, we'll run it the exact same as in terms of wrapping, as in the message through. Be like, oh, you know, they'll be like, how much is it? Be like, well, we've actually got, you know, we've got to figure a wording out for this, but basically there'll be like different tiers of the challenge depending on what you need with different prize balls. And we may even say, like, we're only taking on a certain amount for each one because we want to make sure that, you know, we're bringing on the right people. Let's jump on a call to run through things.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. And then it's going to be priced the same as underwall.
Kyle Musca: Backages. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially.
Sage Damsma: So to get into the challenge, I've got to pay, like normal, like either paid in plain or paid in full.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, cool. It's just wrapped differently, basically, that's it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, literally.
Sage Damsma: Well, that's what marketing is all the It's just like  bringing out something new and then putting some nice fancy wrapping on it so people  think it's amazing. Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: I can just say my usual pricing is three, whereas if you do the challenge, it's two for 12 bucks. exactly. Yeah. Exactly. I would definitely do that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. And then again, like Magic had things that anyone that doesn't sign up, whatever, can be like, oh, you've won $500. This is the final few days, you've won $500 towards the challenge. Do you want to join? Yeah. I've it.
Sage Damsma: Quite a few people, I'm looking at it now, from, I haven't done the magic, I think, for the last few weeks. I've just been building it up. So I'm going to pump through some of these messages over the weekend and see if I can get some calls booked for next week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm going to just do it at the end of every month, I reckon.
Sage Damsma: I didn't do it for all September, so I've got, like, a massive list of people here.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. I reckon even, like, you can do it for anyone who's, you know, booked in a call and didn't convert, or I would probably even stop with anyone that's actually just inquired.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yep.
Kyle Musca: Trying to get as many as possible on. That should be good. And then, yeah, cool. That's pretty much, pretty much it, I reckon. Yeah, we're pretty much good from that. And then I reckon just, like, I mean, for this, you might even want to get, again, you can get Jen to do it. You might even want to get Vaughn to do it. But what I'm going to do is I'm going to get Vaughn, like, because I'll be back for a month. I'm just going to get it once every single week, and every single time I'm just going to  pump out more and more and more ad content. So that way you can kind of cruise in December a little bit more, you know what mean? Like you don't want to, yeah, maybe the first week or two of December is not going to be too bad for you to get in there, but like, you know, later in the  month. Realistically, we should definitely have all the  challenge  ready to go before then. So it's like, we want to make sure that we're well prepped for that. Yeah. Because you don't want to get a week out, like, , I need to film more of this content.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. No, I'd rather have it prepped and then just chill for a bit on the end of the year.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So. Any questions on any of stuff at all?
Sage Damsma: No, no, it's good.
Kyle Musca: It's straightforward. That'll be good, I reckon. The biggest feedback, sorry, last thing on that, is I could see on the calls, people be like, oh, yeah, like, I'm keen or whatever, but like, I'm going to wait till, you know, cutoff date of 20. Oh, sorry, that was the other thing I was going mention. was a key point. Is that you might even want to add on these calls is one, a lot of urgency. So if people are like, want to wait, you know, cutoff dates of the 20th of December. Or I want to wait till later to join. You're like. Yeah, that's fine. We're only taking on 15 people for this. And I've got like  10 more calls booked this week alone. So I really doubt that there's going to be a spot open for you. So obviously just saying, adding urgency. The other thing there is I would add the incentive of joining. So you can just push this back date. So it's like, if we launch this at the end of November, for example, someone who gets on a call November 28th is going to be like, well, I'm not going to start for another month anyway, another two months almost, like I'm not going to pay now. Be like, if you join before December 10th, I'm actually going to extend this entire last part of the year of coaching absolutely free. Obviously, they pay you there and then, but you just add that month or two onto the program. Yeah, right, yeah. So realistically, you're getting XML for XML.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So like even if I can use it, don't touch it. That's completely up to you.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, you need an incentive for people to get across the line.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, get them to sign up now rather than wait. I guess if you wait, they're probably going to get cold or try to find someone else.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Like, you just need to push urgency massively and then scarcity to drive urgency up even further.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Cool, man. Sweet. How are those new ads going?
Kyle Musca: Are they all right? Yeah, I don't even really need to, like, filter through a lot of them, to be honest, because, like, the ones you've got at the moment are just pumping. It's still getting plenty of leads and good quality leads from the South.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, beautiful.
Kyle Musca: If we go into, let's have look here. Okay. Yeah, so that's still going really good. 23. And then, yeah, 26. So they're still pumping really nicely.
Sage Damsma: Yep. Beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Do you want me to turn that on?
Sage Damsma: We'll leave it for now just because I spent a bag and a half miles away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: I can careen that up quick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Did you go to the shopping center and, like, grocery store or anything?
Sage Damsma: Dude, grocery store is  sick.
Kyle Musca: got, like, I've got, like, mild OCD.
Sage Damsma: So seeing everything just laid out so nicely was, like, so pleasing.
Kyle Musca: There's different ones as well. There's the organic kind of   that's expensive ones.
Sage Damsma: And then there's, like, ones. We, where we go for lunch? We went to , not Spinney's, was another one. I can't remember the name, but we  went in there. And then we go. I lunch from the shop, me and Jen together, plus a snack, was like 15 bucks.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, is that the Nesto one?
Sage Damsma: I can't remember the name of it. I think it was green. It wasn't Spinny's though, it was another one. Let me go. was in the mall, it was , I walked in, I was like, this is weird. Do you guys get groceries delivered or you go in?
Kyle Musca: We just go in for the most part. Yeah. So if you can just fill that out and get it back to me by Monday, then we'll be good. Otherwise, really, obviously you've just gone back from holidays, so it's not crazy stuff to go over. Biggest thing is, obviously, yeah, try and get that done by Monday so we can start getting all the content built out and ready to prep. We need to monitor the show-up rates, so if that's still continuing to be , then we'll have a look. If you're jumping back on the front end of calls and everything like that, then I think that will improve it as well, just because people can kind of see it's a different name than who they've been speaking to and, like, get flaky.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Reply time, in terms of, like, you still got your BA in there doing the work?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, once she's on, like, I don't even have to check because she's so quick. She's on to it. Yeah, is she good? She's been booking consistent calls, yeah, like, pretty much every night. Like, when she doesn't book a call, she messaged me and she's, like, sad about it.
Kyle Musca: Have you got her to do the chat GPT, like, feed her through chat GPT and everything?
Sage Damsma: Did we build all that out for you? I think you sent it to me, but I didn't get it done because I was away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. If you want to shoot that back, we can get, like, how was their responses? Are they personalized and ?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, no, she's... She's really good. I've only had to change. I only had to hit her up once because she did like a big scroll and follow-up through a lot of leads. And she was saying like, hey, beautiful. How you been? I'm like, you can't be saying that. I'm going to get , I'm going to get caught out here. And was like, so many chicks she sent her to.
Kyle Musca: And I was like, this does not look good.
Sage Damsma: That's so funny. I just laughed and I was like, all right, like no more of this, please. And she's like, oh, sorry. I was like, yeah, I've got a partner. So it doesn't look very nice.
Kyle Musca: And she was like, oh, .
Sage Damsma: That besides that, like her response time and actual messaging, when I read over it, it's all pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's good. 14 US, Australian an hour as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. No connection either. So she does the closer sheet too now. So she puts in when they book like the notes and says like wants to lose 10 kilos. in dollars. So then when I go to do a call, what Marina does, we already know what their problem is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's awesome. Cool, bro. Yeah, otherwise, you've just gotten back from hello, so nothing crazy to go over. I'm glad you sort of got the chance to take a bit of a step back and things were nice and honest.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, that was nice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and now it's just like straight back into it, getting prepped for the next step. So as usual, just keeping things nice and simple. Is there anything else you want to cover at all?
Sage Damsma: Anything you have sort of want to? No, it's pretty good, bro. I think like even despite being away for like 10 days, we're still on track to do another 50. 50 plus.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful. So I guess the only other thing there is like, it's probably not, you're probably not too bad actually, but like one thing I kind of got to the point, yeah, I think it would probably be pretty sweet because we've got a pretty nice and all of it, and we've kind of not wasted time. So But it's always good to have a bit of a sit-back and have a look at what you can remove from the business. It's always about trying to add new , right? But sometimes it's like, is there things that we just don't need? Let's just cut them out.
Sage Damsma: Especially expensive .
Kyle Musca: If there's something that's just  unnecessarily expensive, that can just improve profit margins, essentially.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. No, I actually had a reminder while I was away. I was thinking, like, , like, I'm just going to have a look through and just, like, clear anything I'm not using. Like, even the boys that use the Fireflies, I'm just going to put them on Fathom, on the free one. Because I'm paying per head on Fireflies, and it's, like, $160 a month. I'm like, , like, you might as well not do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, right. These  softwares are not cheap anymore, right?
Sage Damsma: It all adds up. Like, by the time you get them all rolling, I'm like, , this is ridiculous. Yeah. And then I dropped my coach, because that was $150 a week.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, , I don't really need it anymore.
Sage Damsma: I'm to be my own coach. Yeah, I'm just going to be a fat businessman.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, literally. Yeah, yeah, super.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, just overheads and . just like, , I just need to, not that I need it, but I just want to profit more, especially if we do make the move. I just want to be fully able to invest everything, whatever I need, and not stress.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think the biggest one, probably just get back in the saddle of the sales calls and  as well. So, I find, like, if you just do that, you've got coaches under you, just taking sales calls, like, the business is very profit-heavy, and it's pretty stress-free in terms of finances. Like, obviously, you've got stress with calls and  like that, and it can get repetitive, but, you know, you live a pretty good  life.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah,  over. And then, yeah, I think once, I've got to decide, too, like, once Harry's full, like, there's still probably not going to be until end of the year or next year. All Bye. Decide if we get another, like a girl coach, or just kind of maintain that for a bit, or, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You could always do a James Board and stuff, and we'll be getting like a  South African coach or something.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, and just do like message replies.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you could even do them calls and stuff if they speak fluent in English and . Like, realistically, they wouldn't really know that they're in South Africa.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What's that number, but that's hit or miss. Because, yeah, I think you can pay them on  all.
Sage Damsma: And obviously, they're pretty educated and , usually. Yeah. Is that what Cade does as well?
Kyle Musca: I think Cade looked into it. I don't know if he ever did it, but James Board and stuff, I'm pretty sure their whole coaching team is pretty much almost South African.
Sage Damsma: me all. Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: So, food for thought. But let's not worry about that right now.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing is, you'd have like mad amount of transformation, though.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, quite a few. So I recently did like a updated dump of the girls. So it's pinned so that when people come through, they can swipe through. So I've got to do an update of one of the men. And honestly, by the time, like probably the next cycle goes through, the next four to six weeks, I'll have like a fresh post of carousels ready for more girls. So the girls have been killing it lately. So I'm just going to keep updating that pinned post. So that's just like  20 swipes in there.
Kyle Musca: Two things on that. One is, do you have video testimonials?
Sage Damsma: No, I have been collecting them now. Yeah. So I think last week I got like another two from the girls. I've already, I've been posting them like once a week.
Kyle Musca: What I reckon you should do is, the video testimonials are great, but I do like having a call like this essentially with them because you already do that, don't you? Like a success type of thing. Yeah. And just ask them like, you know, what have been the biggest goals that you've achieved so far? Mm-hmm. Mm I'll quickly show you who's really good at this. And then you just record it because, one, they can see it's your face and everything like that. Like, they instantly know who it's about. And then, two, they see, like, like, you're chatting to them. Like, they're like, oh, he actually does obviously communicate with people inside the  coaching program. But Joel does a really good job of this. And we just run them as retarget ads. So if anyone messages through to you, super cheap because it's only like seven days or five days, what do we do?
Sage Damsma: So I do, like, $2 per ad per day.
Kyle Musca: So it's, like, four days a day or something. And they can be just something simple like. What are you most proud of, like, overall? I started in a size 22 pair of shorts. Yes. And then I bought size 20s. And a little mini goal that I sort of set myself was to not be buying clothes in the fat ladies section. Yeah, so it's just like an actual normal conversation type thing. Yeah. And humanizing. Is it? We didn't run that retarget, retarget ads for sure. And then the other thing is with your transformations, and I think what will be, because I'm going to be traveling a lot, and I was like figuring out like, , I can actually like film ads and stuff like that while I'm traveling. I reckon just talk directly to the camera, and I'm still in the early days of testing it, but a good , you know, way of knowing that this probably works is, a lot of Alex's ads are like this now. Block me, I'm searching too much. Like a lot of his ads are just talking.
Sage Damsma: I just talked in the camera.
Kyle Musca: But what I reckon would work, like,  hard here is, and I haven't had time to Well, unfortunately, but I do want to do it, is pretty much like the ones I have pinned, right? Because like even this one, I've never put money on this or anything, and that went pretty, not viral, but for what it is type of thing, pretty well. And then you basically, basically, know, it kind of goes, one thing I never hear anyone speak about is how much bigger you look, the leaner you are, which kind of goes, I think, have you seen that one before?
Sage Damsma: I think so, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I talk about the point, and then I'm like, this is what we did with my client here, to prove it, obviously. And then you just add a CTA at the end of it. Because one of those videos is probably going to break the internet, but if you  do like 10 of them, or you go through all your, if you went all through your  transformations, like as many as you could, I just did a different video every single  one. just And then we just ran those as ads. Like, people would constantly be seeing you pop up and saying, like, this is my client we did this with, this is my client we did this with, and this is my client we did this with. And they're like, holy , man.
Sage Damsma: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So I reckon that would be a good, easy little play for you as well, if you've got heaps of transformations to use.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, sick. That's a good idea. Easy to film, too.
Kyle Musca: Super easy. And you've got the social proof, and I think we just need to start pumping more social proof for you. I think even in the professional style ads, we'll do more where we start getting more out.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I'll do this in the challenge, but if you're wondering what's possible, this is Rachel who lost  10 kilos. This is Michelle who lost 12 kilos.
Sage Damsma: Like,  like that. Yeah. Yeah, because I definitely got quite a few girls that have done well for the last kind of three, four, six months.
Kyle Musca: Doesn't even need to be recent, man. Like,
Sage Damsma: As long as they've been through a  coaching program, like, just  use Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sick, man. Cool. Anything else want to cover, Roman, or is that all sweet?
Sage Damsma: No, I'm just going to take the weekend to catch back up and start getting some calls and  booked back in for next week and, yeah, keep the ball rolling.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sick, man. Cool, bro. All right. Well, yeah, if you could shoot me that thing I sent you through on WhatsApp back, and I'll get scripts and everything done up for the challenge.
Sage Damsma: Beautiful. I'll get it done tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Legend. Cheers, man. All If you need me for anything, just shoot me a message, man. Easy, bro. Have a good weekend. You too. Cheers. Bye. Later.


>>> 228/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-24T06:33:04Z | id:96505496
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
flexmethod: Probably a little bit slow. I've got to do a post today, but she was away for an AHP Labs event last week, which meant she pretty much just didn't do anything and didn't reply to our messages or didn't put any polls or anything up. So there was only like six sales on her side the last week, which is still six sales, but like it could be 20.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
flexmethod: How many did you get overall across the two? So six there, how many through you guys? Just check. Bit slow on our side as well, 10.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I know it's like across a few different people's accounts that it's just sort of slowed this week, maybe end of October.
flexmethod: My engagement at the moment, it's just going, it's like booming and then just suddenly, I'm like, what is going on? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, not ideal.
flexmethod: They change like the algorithm of what they want to be popular, apparently. Yeah. I mean, that doesn't really make sense for stories though. Like you post a story. I don't know. It's there. Have you tried this new ManyChat AI?
Kyle Musca: Not really. I've tried my AI thing, but I find, I don't know, the AI things are just  very hidden. It depends how hard you can train it, just because it lacks all the nuance in an actual conversation and then, like, you know, it gets real clunky. People can tell it's AI unless you can train it really well. So I kind of just pulled the pin on the AI setter I was using just because I could do things, like, decently, but I was booking calls and everything like that. But the quality of conversations just wasn't great.
flexmethod: Well, that was the thing. was like, with our chat GPT setter, it's like, yeah, you're teaching it as you go, but, like, you're... You're still the mistakes, teaching it, and then sending the message. I feel like AI ManyChat, it's like, if it just sends the message and then you're like, oh, by the way, that was  , but the message is already sent.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it really depends. I mean, it's all right. It's also a bit lazy at the same time. And people will be able to tell pretty quickly that it's AI. Like, I had a fair few people, not a crazy amount of people that did pick up that it was AI and, like, that just completely ruined it. And obviously, they didn't convert. Book anything in from that point onwards. So I was just like, no, I'd rather just a human setter, that they can actually manage certain things. And saying that, I haven't played around with many chats AI too much. But yeah, we'll see. Have you played around with them much?
flexmethod: No, I was too nervous to even turn it on because I just didn't know if I was just going to bring up so many rogue automations to  go off and out thing. Last thing I did, many chat trying to take over a combo for me after I turned it off. Yeah, that might give it some time to properly play out.
Kyle Musca: Depends if you train.
flexmethod: If you train, it might be all right, but mine was just a headache. think it might be okay. Like, if you could trigger it to only start on, like, keywords. The thing is, like, so, like, only a conversation for, say, like, you know, the low-ticket app that we're creating. Like, if you're running an ad for that, you can answer questions about that. But... Yeah. Even like with our trigger words, like ready, stuff like that, like even though I've only got set that it's only that word on its own, it'll just pick it up in a random conversation that somebody replies to Hattie's story and just like start sending them the automations. Like they'll be like, oh, yeah, like, you know, I've already started implementing this myself. And it'll be like, oh, ready? Yeah. I mean, here you go. And it's like already a client of ours. It's just like, but that's not even turned on. So it's weird.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
flexmethod: the? My old, old, old ones from Izzy Bots showed up in my thing between Derek and Rachel. Yeah. I'm like, how the  do I stop these things? Derek. Dude, how do you tell you a week that when I was on that other call that we're building the other app? No, I didn't.
Kyle Musca: Oh. What's happening there?
flexmethod: So we're just doing essentially a low ticket item. Um. Let's If this, like if somebody can't afford our coaching, right now I just send them a free resource to kind of keep them in the ecosystem. I send them the fat loss guide with the 12-week plan, but instead we're creating like a version of Train Heroic on my strength book that's like just, if someone's paying, say, $39 a week, or if they book for longer, it's cheaper. They can like choose from a bunch of set programs and they can, you know, put their stats in and it'll automatically give them macros that are like kind of appropriate and suggest like meals and stuff like that. So it's like self-paced coaching without check-ins or calls, essentially like the hands-off thing that you're talking about where you can just put them there and like essentially everybody on that app kind of pays for the coaches and the advertising.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's a good idea. The other thing I want to try, I'm kind of like building it in the back end at the moment for mine is like, and you'd be able. to do it pretty similar to that is like it's called a tripwire offer where you basically get them in on that and then like you'll start the conversation. Maybe it's like a week long or I'm going to do a four-week thing for like 27 bucks. And then, you know, for me, there'll be a coaching call on week one, which is just straight into an upsell into an actual program.
flexmethod: Every week, I've got something going on. Every week, I'm trying to sing.
Kyle Musca: I'm trying to sing every single week.
flexmethod: You know, success is failing 100 times.
Kyle Musca: It's the same as like what I wanted to do with the breakeven offer, but it's like slight. It's pretty much similar. It's just a tripwire offer. So, yeah. And then I've always got things that pop up. Oh,  it. Cool. All right. Well, that's good. I've got Vaughn sent the ads back. Have you had a chance to watch them?
flexmethod: I sent them to Corbin. They said, do you want to take a look at them? But I personally don't enjoy watching. working. I haven't had time to look at them, no. Have you looked at them?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I thought they came pretty good. Okay. Nice and professional and everything like that. So did you guys want to get them up and running or?
flexmethod: Yeah. This is the other thing that I made. That's why I wasn't on the call this week. I was on a call with another guy. So essentially this is like an addition to the Stripe checkout that's going to come up with the automatic upsell for if they pay annually up front. They save $728 so everybody that, you know, kind of comes in, they can see that there. And once they click on their offer, it comes up with the terms and conditions, which is essentially like they have a 12-week minimum commitment, the early cancellation fee, post-commitment cancellation, and they, like, can't pay without accepting it, which is something that we don't have with Stripe. And then the other thing is I just say that, like, our thing's 99. A week, and this site automatically picks up where in the world they are and converts it to their currency. So if they're in the US, and I said it was $99, it shows up in USD. If they're in the UK, it shows up in pounds. If they're in Europe, it shows up in euro. So essentially, anyone outside of Australia, it'll automatically be a 50% upsell without me kind of sussing out where they're at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, so have you tried this?
flexmethod: Yeah, that's what I've been using for the last week, and it's working.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Yeah, cool. All right. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's sick. That's definitely handy with the sub-by-chat stuff. Okay, cool. So as I was saying to Addy last week, it's basically like we just do step-by-step now until the end of the year, then we should be pretty good. So we've got the ads done. Next thing we'll be doing probably the podcast. In preparation. In you. Or the, I guess, the mastermind type thing.
flexmethod: Yeah, so because Michelle is going to Canada for four and a half weeks next week, there's like a very small window of opportunity to do the podcast with her. I've done the prep work with her, I did the prep work today, but finding a podcast studio that can fit us in so last minute on the Monday is really hard. So I'm still in the process of finding the podcast studio that can accommodate us for next Monday. Why don't you put something in your stories? Yeah, I might do that. Well, that actually started in Sydney. Yeah, because the last studio that I used, the guy was super rude and the colours and the lighting was really underwhelming. I really didn't like it and I just didn't want to use them again because I just didn't like my experience with them. So, yeah, it's it's been... Yeah, I'll do that now because I want to try and get that locked in. She's already going to be there. I've just got to get my flights over there. But that's essentially we're all set up except for getting the studio. We just don't have the studio, but everything else has been prepped.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, perfect. And then you guys did the prep in terms of like what you guys want to run over, all the key points and everything you want to talk on? Yeah. Okay, sick. In that case, what I can probably do is because I'll fly back on Monday. So, I can send you through the document and if just fill out basically what you guys spoke about, then I can just build out the presentation for you. I won't write you a script. You'll know exactly what you want to talk about as long as you've kind of got the slide breakdown there to go off. And then that should be pretty easy to implement from that point. And then from there, it would just be about getting marketing done up for it. But we can just run with graphics to start with and then get some videos in. After it, if that makes sense. Yeah. Perfect. Cool. Is Millie back now? Is she going to be, like,  full steam ahead or is there anything else coming up?
flexmethod: She's back. I wouldn't count on her being full steam ahead, but she's back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, what else?
flexmethod: We were like, she's like, so do a poll tonight? We're like, yeah. We get up today. No poll. No poll till, what, 9 a.m.? I had to write the whole thing for her. She's like, well, what should I say? I'm like, Millie, think about the niche. Like, think about the conversations we've had with a girl so far. Like, who is it you're trying to speak to? Like, I'm trying to get her to think instead of just, like, be a robot. I I'm talking to these girls. You know what comes up a lot? I don't know if this is a generational thing or, like, if this is because Millie talks about it a lot. I don't really know, to be honest. But all of them are like, I have bad gut health. My gut health is ruined. Yeah, I'm really struggling with my gut health. I'm like, you couldn't even  name one thing that's happening in the gut. And, like, you're, like, diagnosing yourself. And, like, I have to, like, decipher if, like, they're legit, like, have you legitimately been diagnosed with a disorder? Like, do you have IBS? Do you have Crohn's? Or, like, are you just saying that I think it's because she brought you back and she'd be like, I'm bloated. So girls would be like, I'm bloated.
Kyle Musca: I must have a gut issue. Congrats. You have a period. You're older than 12. Yeah. I mean, I was chatting to Hattie about it last week is, like, if she's just being really tardy and everything like that, you might want to just give it the ultimatum. Like, hey, like, obviously, we're leaving a lot of money and potential on the table right now. I will jump into your account and I will do, like, literally everything for you. But obviously, it's going to require a lot more time and effort on my behalf. So, like, if you want to do that, have you just to renegotiate it down and you take 25% for the additional  100% of work that I'll have to take on. But in saying that, you don't do anything at all and we can just make the most of this.
flexmethod: Yeah, I mean, to be honest, like, the only thing standing between Hattie and I and, like, a clean run is me having her Instagram password. So, I can put... The poll up and send the messages and Hattie probably having her Mighty Networks password to the, Hattie can send the initial message on her behalf.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And you just say that's okay. You know, maybe taking 20, 30, 25, 30% less, but I guarantee you'll be able to get like  five, 10 times more clients if you just let me actually do what you're meant to be doing.
flexmethod: It would just be nice to have her contribute. That's the thing for me. I'm like, we're in a team. It would be nice to do. Take this seriously. yeah, I think it's great if she came to the table.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. But I think it's just one of those things. I think it's one of those things where she's just like one of those girls that are so warped for reality of what like actually is required to, you know, put in. And it's kind of because they're so used to that and so set to that to be able to like get them to actually come to the table is going to be, you know, fun,  brick wall, man. It'd be like very hard to do, I think. Just because because like this. It has already been set for what she can expect from just doing nothing.
flexmethod: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and then, yeah, and then just trying to get her to be the face of it, essentially, and then you just candle everything. But if you're going to do that, I would definitely give her the ultimatum of, like, obviously, we'll just take much more of a cut.
flexmethod: It's so much extra more work. Like, if you responded to all the polls, it's a whole day of you not having conversations. That's an expensive day. Unless you get me to do, I do the first initial conversations to the poll, and then you do the.
Kyle Musca: In saying that, though, you could also, like, look at then training it, because it's going to be hard to, obviously, if you're just one-man unit across all accounts. You could just look at getting a DM setter in there just to train them up, right? You don't have to use Clemé. So, Sage actually found a company that basically hires the DM setter in, like, trap. Trains and reviews them, all that. For 14 AUD an hour, no commissions on top of it.
flexmethod: That's cheap. They're obviously offshore. I don't even think that's legal in Australia.
Kyle Musca: No, they'd be offshore, but it's like the fee obviously goes to the center, but then they've also got like a small management fee that makes sure that they're reviewing and training them and everything is ongoing.
flexmethod: Yeah, right, okay. What agency is that?
Kyle Musca: I'd have to ask him about it, but he's pretty happy with them. Like he said, he's only had to pull her up once because she went through old messages and started saying like, hey, beautiful, do you want to see if can come up with a game plan? But that's the only thing he says.
flexmethod: So she's obviously in his Instagram, not ManyChat.
Kyle Musca: I think probably ManyChat or something like that.
flexmethod: You can't message old people on ManyChat if they haven't replied to you in seven days.
Kyle Musca: cut off. Okay. Yeah, it might be. It could be through meta or something, I'm not sure, but apparently that's the only issue she's had with her though. So yeah, because you probably want to be a lot more hands-on with Hattie's stuff, but like if it's hers and the conversations are still good and you've trained them right, it's like.
flexmethod: I mean, like speaking to my audience, it's different to speaking to Amelia. You could just get, hey girl. Yeah. And so you couldn't do that with mine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Gut health is definitely, you know.
flexmethod: I don't know, I feel like, yeah, I feel like I have to challenge their beliefs a lot more than when I talk to people in yours, like. I don't know if that makes sense. Yeah. The young girls are hard. I even noticed on the calls, I'm like, these are my least favourite calls to do in a week. Yeah. In terms of like, I just don't. like, can you just get Millie to do the calls without me? We know she's not going to be doing that one. Hey, you want some work? Do the whole thing yourself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think that's probably, I would take that to her because like, yeah, I mean, ideally she'd come to the table, but I really just don't think you'll get her to do that. And then you guys obviously, you know, take a lot more home in your pockets as well. So it's like, it's not like you're just taking a loss.
flexmethod: Yeah. That put me to sleep. Sorry.
Kyle Musca: Cool. All right. Is there anything specific that you guys want to run over at all?
flexmethod: So will we just swap out the ads? Yeah, I can just. I know what the keywords you said were. Reset.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, I can just upload them. The other thing would be cool, actually, is do you have any video? Bye-bye.-bye.-bye.-bye. Bye Bye you. Testimonials?
flexmethod: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That and then potentially even just like even recordings of your group coaching calls when you're doing the educational stuff or getting on a call with like your best clients and stuff like that, like you specifically, Hattie, literally just like a Zoom call. And then just be like, you know, what would have been the biggest goals you've achieved? Like what would, you know, asking questions like that where it's kind of like a loaded question where you'll record it and they'll be like, oh, I've done X, Y, Z, and I'm so happy with X, Y, Z, et cetera. And then we just add those as like retargeting it. So it's like when you're having these messages and then people messaging you obviously for it, they start to see like all the value and the social proof and everything like that just to support. So like if Coben's messaging directly, then they're also seeing all these like, you know, value-driven social proof ads as well. It is an ad to like videos essentially.
flexmethod: Yeah. Yeah, we've got it. All those video testimonials that we just haven't put together because Sabir went MIA.
Kyle Musca: Is that your video editor?
flexmethod: Yeah. The guy that put together your ads, will he be able to do that? Couldn't Vaughn do it?
Kyle Musca: I've got my video editor. He's pretty sick. Not Mehdi. I got rid of Mehdi. He does, like, for my full coach, like, education wants to do it for, like, 20 USD, but he's, like, bad, good editing.
flexmethod: I think it's good to do something with those. There's a few in there. Yeah. You know, there's even, like, so the Monday call that I did with them, you know, we put a post, I put a post in the community about community, and they were all, like, oh, my God, the best thing about community is, and, like, there's so much, there's almost, like, so many people. know, they're nuggets in those Zooms. But... We won't have the time to go through them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I wouldn't do it yourself.
flexmethod: It literally has to be finding someone who you could pay to go through all those streams and pick out the golden nuggets of things that are said. I don't think they would land very well on social media because of the quality of the report. I guess so. Just having like... Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do they actually talk? Like they talk and say the community's great?
flexmethod: They talk, but it's... Yeah, we have people all the time that give glowing reviews and I make jokes about the fact that we pay them to say it's for the new people on the calls and that, but...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, okay. I mean, the social proof, if you got onto a one-to-one call, like it doesn't have to be super high quality. Like, that kind of makes it authentic and it kind of just makes it look real, you know what mean? Especially to like older, middle-aged-ish women. So, Um, but what you could do is... Like when you're on these calls, maybe just have something you can write on that if something does pop up that was like a good little nugget, you just obviously write the timestamp and then just go give it to Ed and say, like, want you to pick apart all these pieces. And then you could do cool things where you're like, you know, probably this is leaving more up to the editor, but like integrate all these things. So it's like goes to the group coaching call and it goes to one-on-one saying like, oh, I've completely changed my life. It's the best decision I've ever made. I absolutely love the community XYZ. And then it goes to, you know, maybe you covering something about like the educational, like doing the education side of things as well.
flexmethod: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: It's like almost like a little trailer or something.
flexmethod: Kind of the vision that I've got for the video testimonials where it kind of chops and changes between the people on that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, exactly. So it's like, yeah, you'd have something that's just maybe one-to-one, that is the video. And it's just one question, you know, what is it being the biggest goal? and that's just the video. It's like 20, 30 seconds. One where it's... it's... it's... it's... Thank you. Maybe a full actual testimony of them saying it, and then you've got, like, one where it's a combination of, like, multiple testimonies all crammed into one.
flexmethod: Yep.
Kyle Musca: They're super, like, super cheap. Like, I do $2 a day per ad. So it's like, I've got, like, seven, so it's like 14 bucks. And it just retargets people that have messaged you in the last, like, seven days.
flexmethod: Yeah, okay. Yeah. So what would we need to do? Just put together those videos so that you can run them as a retargeting campaign. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then the testimonials, I can send you, his name is Ron, I can send you his contact to get them edited. But I think don't necessarily worry about going back through old calls, but just, like, for future calls, just timestamp anything good that comes up, and then just send it off. So I just want you to click this.
flexmethod: Okay. Yeah. Okay, cool. I think the Friday morning calls always, and, like, the lighting's always better. It's, like, much more visual. And there's always lots of people on there. What are you looking at? The lighting. The lighting. That would be useful. Like this morning, was trying to take a photo because we had like 20-something people on the call. I was trying to take a photo to show how many people come on the group call.
Kyle Musca: Is it on? I've tried it before. Is it on Mac?
flexmethod: Like, use Mac?
Kyle Musca: Like, you could just Ctrl-Shift-Command-5 and I'll just screenshot the whole screen. I've tried to do this before. I think it was. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. But yeah. Biggest thing, yeah, trying to get that podcast to you on Monday and then pretty good. And then if you could, I'll send you through that form. If could get it back by Monday because I'll be in the plane. So I've plenty of time to sort of drop everything up.
flexmethod: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Cool. Cool. Anything else you guys want to run over at all?
flexmethod: We're possibly thinking about changing this time of a call, like on Fridays. Can we do earlier? Well, what's the time there? It's pretty early for you, isn't it?
Kyle Musca: It's 10.30 here, but I get back on Monday. So it'll be fine for next week. So I can do from, you know, it's 2 p.m. So I can do from like 1 p.m.
flexmethod: Do want to do 1 or 2? 2 p.m.
Kyle Musca: 2 p I got a call at 2, but I could look at shifting back. Do you want to lock in 1 and then I'll try and shift back to 2?
flexmethod: All right. Sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool.
flexmethod: I'll move that now. I just noticed every time it's 4 o'clock on a Friday, I'm like, oh, , I could take a nap.
Kyle Musca: And then Hattie's always like, cool time. No, it's all good. Let me update that. Cool. All right. All right. I'll send that stuff through now, and then, yeah, just keep me updated. And if you do propose that stuff to me, let me know how that goes, because I'd be keen to, yeah.
flexmethod: I'm going to get her into a routine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you want me to ask Sage who he uses for the setting?
flexmethod: Yeah. Yeah, might as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. I'll send him a message now. We'll suss that out as well. Awesome. Thank you. Kyle. Have a good weekend. You too. See you. Bye.


>>> 229/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-24T08:00:23Z | id:96510086
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey, bro.
Arran Humphreys: How you going? Hey, bro.
Kyle Musca: How are you? Good. Good.
Arran Humphreys: How's the day been? Yeah, good, man. Good. Sorry about yesterday, man. I could barely even look at a  screen. just gnarly headache. Sorry, man.
Kyle Musca: No, you're a good man.
Arran Humphreys: All better now? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sick, man. Cool, bro. Well, we'll dive right in, man. Like, how's this week been overall?
Arran Humphreys: Pretty good week, man. We got three, we had four inquiries, three booked in a call, got the call done, signed all three of them. One of them was a no-show. So, as in, that was pretty good. Three new clients, man. And sort of haven't had any from kind of yesterday onwards, like, so a bit quieter end of the week. But by all means, it still was making some good momentum. Tried out a couple of different of the stories, got some more reactions and stuff. So I swang out. Today I did one of those question ones that we were on about, and I got a few answers, just about like, only got like three answers to that. And I've just been DMing two of the lads that I've answered, just giving them a bit of like, you know, like we said, give them a bit of info, help them out a bit. So that was good, could potentially lead up to a bit of a lead there. And then also just been trying to, the new content man posted a bit more frequently this week, which was pretty good. Some went pretty well, some not so well, but just all was momentum, man. So no, all in all, pretty good week, I'd say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. Sick. mean, three new clients is still quite good on the new sort of program pricing. Were they all the 15?
Arran Humphreys: No, so I did one of them 1,500, and then two of them on the 1,200. I had to go down for them that weren't too keen on the 1,500. I think I could have gone about, I couldn't get any of them on the video call. need to try and get them. They always say no, and I'd rather phone call, but so then I could record it and I'd be better. But as in the, I had to try and sell them at the 1,500, but if I kind of, I reckon if I, how do I say it, like broke down the pricing, how we're on about a bit better. So if I said, you know, pay a chunk, 600 today, and then so many a month from there, I think I could have get them over the line. So I've just been, that's what I did with the last dude. So I was like, all right, mean, 1,500 for the three months we pay so much now, today, then it works out, 400 a month from there. And he's like, oh yeah, that's fine. You what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So, yeah, I'll definitely try and, like, record them because then we'll jump on and we'll just spend a session, like, reviewing your calls and I'll give you feedback on that because, like, getting that sales process in, one, obviously, just helps massively organically. But I've noticed that, like, we can set up the marketing for ads and start, you know, spending a bit of marketing, but if you can't convert on them, it's, like, it leaves you dead in the water.
Arran Humphreys: So, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And they're hard to sell. Like, your warm leads are organic. They're pretty easy sales. Like, a lot of them should pretty much sign up, like, 80%, 90%. And then cold, obviously, because it's traffic from ads, they are cold audiences. If you're good at sales, you can probably expect, like, 50%, 60%, 70% if you're really good. But on average, it's, like, 40%. So, it's, like, you need to, obviously, and then it just comes into that actual sales skill a lot more. With the recording, if they're, like, oh, no, I'd rather... Phone call, like, yeah, look, we can do a phone call if really need be. Usually, I wouldn't even give an option, but for you, I'd say, like, can do a phone call if really need, man. Basically, the reason I just do it on, you know, Zoom or Google Meet or whatever the case may be is just because it, like, takes notes and everything like that. So if we do decide to move forward, then I can, like, reflect back on everything and make sure it's all, like, 100% custom built to you.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Rather than just going off memory.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's going to, I think that'll be better. Sorry, but I'm just shutting this door.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, you're good.
Arran Humphreys: I'll definitely be able to try and get a few more on that because, like I've been saying, I think it'll be easier to sell on the face-to-face as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. I have been recording, I have recorded, like, three of them just for voice memos, but it's probably just a bit hard to review it just listening to a voice recording, you know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. We want to see like other things as well, like facial expression, everything. And good with core recordings is like you can, obviously they've got your full attention. You've got their full attention. So cool, man. The main things for you is I reckon just start getting, so you build that notion and everything like that.
Arran Humphreys: You've got all that set up now? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I reckon just stay right on top of those. Again, that's a consistency thing. I mean, like one won't necessarily get you a new client or new clients, but if you do them consistently week on week, especially the questionnaires and stuff, and you just get like people get really comfortable with engaging with you and just doing that, that should work quite well there. Yeah. And try and be unique with them. Don't be kind of boring with them. All right. Like if you just ask like, what do you struggle training nutrition? You're probably not going to get that like many responses. Yeah. If you fly back out to work or something like that, take a photo. Like, you know, the plane or something like that. like, , if you work fly on, fly out, like, got some time, we'll be helping out, giving some feedback. What's your biggest, what do struggle with most?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. And that was sort of the one I did today was along the lines, like, how do you, what are your biggest struggle working big hours and your fitness journey? And I had a couple of ads say, oh, recovering from night shift, I struggle from that. And another lad saying, oh, work 14 hours a day. Like, so it was good. I kind of hit that niche that I kind of trying to sell to through the question.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, sick. I'm going through your thing now. Yeah, sick. Yeah, cool, man. Beautiful. Yeah, I think you just do them literally once a day in terms of something else. Like, it's always an opportunity for people to engage. The other thing I think would be really, really good for you is, like, the nutrition audit thing, right? And then just get them. On a quick 5, 10, 15-minute call, and you basically just sort of like give them a nutritional order, run through their entire week and everything like that. And then you kind of like obviously tell them all the things that they're kind of doing wrong and what they should be doing instead. And be like, well, you know, man, obviously you sound pretty flat out with work. Like, and I know how it is, like trying to juggle it. I've been there, man. Like, have you ever just thought about getting a coach to just sort this for you? And you say real casually, you know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Like, you don't. Like, you're not trying to get the sale.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You'd like, oh, man, like after like 10 minutes of chatting to them, telling them about all their goals, you know, just educating and providing value. But you're like, man, like, you know, it sounds like you're pretty serious about, you know, actually achieving some good results and everything like that. And you're clearly pretty flat out with work, working 14 hours a day and everything like that, man. Have you ever just thought about investing in a bit of a coach or something like that just to get this sorted for you so you don't have to think about it?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, and that would be like, Yeah, like real casual, like you're just having a combo. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, or actually, you just say casually. Anytime you're pitching something, you say real casually, it sounds fine.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, and that's what I kind of try and do on the phone call, just like with that initial intro, just get that real casual vibe so there's no friction with us, you know, which is good. I do enjoy, I actually really enjoy doing the sales calls on that. Like I actually like it, it's good, especially learning this stuff. It's actually quite cool, and you learn all the different things, so yeah, it's cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the sales calls, they're fun, and then like, you want to get to the point where you're doing like eight a day, and they're  tedious and boring.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, man. So, I would definitely try the nutrition audit one to get the people on a call.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or, I mean, you could even do, like, again, be creative with this. It doesn't have to be like what we've already spoken about. Even when the question airs, but I'll be picking three people this week to give a friend. Pre-nutrition audit, three people only, and then do the question airbox and be like, you know, why should I choose you? Or like, you know, I'll like them, you know, and then tell a bit of story. Like I want to, I don't want to just like simple  of like  eat less calories or like whatever you say. Like I want it to actually be like a little bit of a challenge to sort out, you know, why should it be you?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Something like that. So play around with them. Again, the more you do. Again, even with this stuff, chuck it into ChatGPT. So I want to do this. Give me some really unique ways to go about it. It's probably not going to give you a word for word, but it might spark a little bit of a thing for you to be like, oh yeah, I could actually kind of use that in a way.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool. So I'll be interested to see how you go over the next week if you just do something daily, every single day on it. Um, and then- Yeah. The other thing is with the content, I was looking through this before, Matt, what I would do for you is just come in here and, like, look, review your content and stuff and see what works and what doesn't. Yeah. So, like, obviously, this reaction video style, when you did that, it's your best performing one, pretty marginally, pretty largely overall.
Arran Humphreys: And it went well the other week, too. This one, this one that you were on, that one wasn't too bad, 3,300, like, better than other ones, you know? Yeah. Which is all right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think definitely keep up with them because that's, you know, that 4,000 one, same with that one as well. So come have a look at, like, what is actually working? You know, what can I do more of? Yeah. The nutrition one, that did well.
Arran Humphreys: And then we'll see how this one goes. Yeah, pretty, I posted that as a trial reel and actually did pretty good trials. So I'm keen to see how it will go on my reel account.
Kyle Musca: Are you... Posting once a day?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Well, I've been doing twice a day the last couple of days. Once or twice a day, yeah. But I've got a post scheduled every single day, and then I've got... So this is kind of what I've been doing. I, like, write this  little thing up at the start of the week for, like, all my content that I plan to do. So I had three days where I posted twice, and then four days when I posted once.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's sick. Yeah, okay. Beautiful. So, yeah, if we can keep up with that consistency, and it just allows us... The more volume we do, the better you get, but the faster we can test. So the more  you get out. The other thing is post around peak times.
Arran Humphreys: So do you just post randomly, or do you actually have times? Nah. So I'd posted most of them at 540, 550. So that, the reaction one I posted, I posted that at, yeah, 550. of stuff, 50. So, In the afternoon, seemed to go pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. Yeah, so I like to have, yeah, the key times. Not necessarily, you can check this in your audience insights when you follow the most active. Kind of do want to probably aim for before they're peak active, sort of like it's on the way up. But at the same time, also test out around, you're doing well in terms of not posting it like on the dot of like 6 p.m. or 5 p.m. For me, it's like 5.15 and 7, so 5.15 p.m. and 7.15 a.m. is like when I'll try and post. If I kind of miss that, we won't post, to be honest.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: For you, I would post, but like, I'm just like, ah,  it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I'm not saying do it on the 15 either, just like play around with different times throughout the hour and you might- Yeah, just, yeah. Cool. Now, this one looks like it's already on par to do pretty well. This came up with the way you filmed. Do you have a microphone?
Arran Humphreys: I do. The microphone was on like, it was on the camera pointing. I didn't know if it was going to look , but I do, because I've got one of these little cameras that I use. So I do have a microphone, but I'm going to wear it next time.
Kyle Musca: I think it'll sound better. Yeah, yeah. Definitely trying to get that nice and close, just so it's nice and crisp and everything like that. Now, with this, this came up with me. Really? So it's a good, nice visual hook there.
Arran Humphreys: It was a bit shorter than the other one, like you said as well. Yeah. Early in the week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think that's good. The nice visual thing at the start, really good. That's what you want. These are really visually engaging, as I said. So it's like anything you can do visually, go for Now, with this, that's not the, you edited it really quickly, which is great. Having a racist but tried to lose fat, then you have to try my giant protein racist with 52 grams of protein. See, what I would personally do is cut it there. And then at the end, like after she finishes editing, you're like, this looks insane. Let's give it a try. I would probably put that there so you can kind of cut it up a little bit more. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So, it's like, if they make it and show it, because that's what the visual hook is, that's what went viral. I would just do one very quick sentence, like, you know, this looks way too good to be true. Let's give it a try to see if it's worth your time, your energy, your money.
Arran Humphreys: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then as she goes to make it, I'd probably put this stuff to the side kind of thing, and you make it off here.
Arran Humphreys: So, you make it together. Yeah. I've seen Sage doing that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I did it. Okay. butter, protein powder, and chocolate chips. Mix the ingredients of seven chocolate Put chips into a bowl until it looks to this consistency. Then transfer to a small Tupperware, melt your chocolate chips, and freeze for 20 minutes. Enjoy. This is 52 grams of protein with only four simple ingredients, pure sweet toothful thank you, and your waistline. I've seen this has to be all over my 40U page, and I've decided to give it a go to see if it's worth your precious money, time, and calories. So I made it really nice and fast, which is good. I'm a bit of a sweet tooth, so I was super excited about this one. It's been in the freezer for about 30 minutes. Let's give it a go and see if it's worth your time. The only other thing here is I'd be really cautious about not saying the same thing twice in a video.
Arran Humphreys: Okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: Okay, let's give it a try. Money and calories. Now, that one is definitely going to stay on the recipe menu. With this, I'll do a visual, something visually engaging there if it slaps. Okay. Visually or auditory, like you could scream. As you can see... see... Make it your own, obviously, but, like, um, so Matt obviously just crushes this style of content, but, like, you can see, oh, I can't skip it, but it's a visual engaging hook. Cheesy chicken tacos, less than 300 calories each, incredibly delicious, so crunchy, and perfect for weight loss. Stops the video to, like, say, What is it with you guys and tacos? Anyway, time to give them a go, and I'll let you know whether they  or... Also, creating a series around this would be good, because a series, in any form, gives people a reason to follow. You know what mean? Like, they know there's no... Suck! Sliced your chicken. Now, off to the side, and he's creating it. Chicken thighs into small cubes, add these seasonings with olive oil, and if you can still some chicken, add more seasoning. Cook for This on medium heat for six to eight minutes until golden and delicious. Then give that chicken a taco hug until fully covered. You can see his actions are very exaggerated though. I mean, he knows that it's visual. This whole concept of video works of visual. Add a layer of mozzarella, some of that juicy chicken, fresh salsa, then fold and press tightly like so. Repeat this for six tacos, then oven bake or air fry for eight to ten minutes until golden and super crispy. For the taco sauce, you need low-fat yogurt, light mayo, chipotle paste, these seasonings, and a dash of milk. Blend till completely smooth, then bottle it up for the week. Serve the tacos while they're hot and crispy with the sauce. And if you want more delicious recipes like this, give me a follow. My Fakka Suck series is all about trying viral recipes like this to let you know whether they're worth your time. And I'll often suggest changes to make them higher in protein and fiber, lowering calories, or just to make them taste better.
Arran Humphreys: And he says like the exact same thing in every  video. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Enneagram, to this to make life 10 times easier, instead of adding all those individual seasonings to the chicken and the sauce, I just used some of this Mingle Mexican Fiesta taco seasoning. Oh, . See, it's like good, so he visually reacts.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Holy moly, these are 100% super . Without a doubt, I'm not even exaggerating. I feel like these are the best tacos I've ever had in my life. So there's only one thing left to do. Save this video right now. Adding a CTA there. Save this video. The ingredients are in the description. All the ingredients are in the description, which makes people then go save this video and then, like, come back to it, copy it, screenshot it, engage with it even more.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's a small CTA. Go check out the caption.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I'll you in below. And until next time. Bon Appetite, and we'll see you in the next video.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, sweet. No, that's real handy. I was watching his stuff to do it, but it takes, like, obviously, I just didn't kind of pick up on that , but that's handy now. can kind of go watch them, and now I kind of see what I'm looking at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's like, it's real, yeah, it's weird when you're, like, breaking down a video, because there's so much stuff that goes into it that you wouldn't even realize.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But it's just, like, breaking down, like, every, like, thing that he does, almost, like, by scene. Yeah, literally scene by scene. Like, it's such a good templated format. Yeah, perfect. Cool, man. Any questions on answer?
Arran Humphreys: No, man, not really. That's kind of good, like, that's some solid improvements that I can kind of give a go straight away, which is quite exciting. As in, I... So content-wise and stuff, I actually go to China on Monday for like a week and a bit. So yeah, so I'll probably be able to just get, I'm just going to go with one of your good mates and we're just going there. I'm just going to try and get a heap of cool content, trying different foods and , just random stuff and like, but try and keep it in my niche. Might just be a bit different to be able to bring my account some traction there as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's the two things on there. One, could do like day in the life, vlog audio type . They seem to work, I mean, they don't go crazy or anything, but they're good for engagement. The other thing is, this is why this kind of content is great, because you can kind just do that on the  fly, wherever you are, anytime. It only takes, if you're good at it, it only takes, you know, two hours or something like that and you're  good for the entire trip. You don't need to worry about it from that point.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so that's, I'm going to do that this weekend, just get a heap of like this . Just queued up. So then even if I'm like, couldn't make. For video today in China, I can be posting this  while I'm still there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I'll show you the style of content I'm talking about in a second, but we'll review those. I would like, when there's something like this, I've started like reacting visually on it. you know what mean, like, just something, like, again, always visual, always visual. Oh, but he's on cycle. Wow, the people saying this in the comments have never laid a foot in the gym. See, with that, I would change the tone, tonality. Like, yeah, it's pretty cool, but he's just a  gearhead. I mean, something like that. That's like, and I'm like, that's what like 99% of the comments were. You know mean?
Arran Humphreys: Okay. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: On cycle or not, this is extraordinary and it shows the true value of training. This is something money cannot buy and it's true determination and commitment. This  takes time and multiple dieting phases, as you can see from this lad's transformation right here. You can buy as many fancy things as you want, but your body is a true representation of your work ethic. It's often this dude that is  very impressive and through that many dieting phases, he has come out a very high quality physique. Use it as motivation to what you really can do and how much of a transformation you can have. Yeah, that's sick. Yeah, so that's pretty sick. You can just keep on them. Sometimes you may even want to ask, again, always think of like a CTA of how you can get people to engage more into your video. Yeah. So we're like, did he say anything about jumping on cycle or anything like that?
Arran Humphreys: Nah, not that I've seen. I was sort of just like, I found a video. I like, that's a pretty good video. just pumped it out real quick.
Kyle Musca: Nah, absolutely. I mean, so you could even come from the angle of like, there's two different angles I maybe come from there. One is like, you know, everyone was saying that like, this guy just jumped on gear, yada, yada, yada. But like, when you look at his starting physique, like he already had like a really good sort of genetics and foundation. So he might, you know, he might be on gear, but he might also be a freak of nature.
Arran Humphreys: Let me know your thoughts in the comments. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. other one, the other one is like, that I saw. Yeah. Yeah. You might have jumped on the gear for that bulk. Like, I was going to say, like, you could kind of say, like, how your body composition gets better, the more bulking cutting cycles you do, because, one, obviously, your body just becomes more, you know, conditioned to it, but, like, you obviously enhance your own knowledge on how to do things properly. And then, maybe go back from, like, bulk two or one, two or whatever, when you got fat-ish, and say, like, this is the difference between doing it all properly versus, you know, kind of blowing out and just doing whatever the . I mean, you can take your bulk and still stay nice and lean.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Or it could have been on gear. Let me know your thoughts in the comment. You know what
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, give them a reason to react, engage.
Kyle Musca: And then, like, if you ask that, this looks like you put it as a prompt in the caption, comment, caption?
Arran Humphreys: I don't know, but I didn't do it on purpose, but. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so chuck them as a prompt because we'll put it at the top of the caption, but then, like, for something like that, put in a poll. You know what mean? Like, let me know your thoughts in the comments, so. Um, let me get my  views. So, no, no, no, no, no. I only do it, like, when it actually makes sense for the viewer. I wouldn't just spam them unnecessarily. Unless the poll doesn't. Oh, it might have .
Arran Humphreys: The polls only last for three days, so I don't know if it was going to show up.
Kyle Musca: Oh, is it? Yeah. Yeah. Or you can change it to say, like, last forever, but I just keep it at three days. Yeah, so, like, what's your thoughts? You know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You might drive those comments up a bit more. But essentially, yeah, like, if you do something like that, like, it could just be a freak of nature, it could be on gear. Let me know your thoughts in the comments. Put us a prompt so it's in the top of the caption, and then you do a poll, and it'd be like, definitely on gear, could be natural, and people will, like, vote on it.
Arran Humphreys: Oh, yeah. Yeah, and that will drive engagement up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because people are spending more time on your post. Oh, okay. So, like, even when Matt says, like, he says that the recipe's in the caption, so people have to go open the caption and spend more time on the actual caption.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, right, and that boosts it, does it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because people are spending more time on your post on Instagram. It's like, oh, well, someone's spending a lot of time and interacting with this guy's post. It's a good post.
Arran Humphreys: Good one. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: you. So anything like little and subtle, you can do like that, you know? You can even do it on those ones, like send this to your mate or your missus if you need to try this or something, you know what I mean?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like this is a must try. Send it to your mate who, I mean, I don't really see mates  making low-calorie smash tacos together. But, you know, something like that. Send, saves,  whatever. I mean.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Could do something like this, you know, if it's a weight loss thing. Like send this to a mate who needs to get his  in gear.
Arran Humphreys: Give him a bit of a reminder. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: That's definitely doable.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. And then, yeah, cool. If just keep pumping them. And then I would do, I would do like one of these or one of these at least once a day. Because these are your more reach-driven content pieces. And then I would do these sort of talking ones that don't get as much engagement and as much reach as your double-up post, if you're going to do two a day. Or either one of those, or the trending reel-style ones.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That makes sense. Those are the two I'd probably go down.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay. I can definitely do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, a bit of a... If you dial that stuff in, it should be good. Then the... What I kind of want to do from here now is just review one of your calls for a session. Because there's so much in the sales process that we could probably clean up. Yeah. Making sales, which is fantastic. But, like, just really dialing that in and getting that sorted. So it's like when we can take that next step, it's just like  we're straight off to the races.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Because ads is like, you can get good leads and stuff. But if you can't convert... Then obviously you can't just like put money down the drain. So and vice versa, if you can convert, then it's like you've got the money to then reinvest straight back into marketing and you can push that  pretty hard.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah.
Arran Humphreys: I'll definitely make sure I get them all, try and get them on a video call and then go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the other thing with the content is like just keep really consistent with this style of stuff because it could only take one or two videos to go viral and you're  booming, man. Like you're, especially with these style of videos, man. Like if you go back and look at like Torren's account, for example, I'm pretty sure we did that the other week. You can see there's like a lot of engagement, long engagement. One went viral, they all went viral. And he just, he crossed over like 300k followers like this week.
Arran Humphreys: nuts, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And we started working together like 30. That was like six weeks ago.
Arran Humphreys: So. Really? Oh, that's Crazy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, once you get it, and once you find, and that's why I'm like saying, try this one and like these style of other ones, is because once you find the content that will go well for you, it's just like, go  ham on that content.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: There's other styles, yeah, don't get me wrong, there's other styles of content you could throw in there, especially for more so for the value-driven content. But, if you've got time, then fantastic, but it just depends on how much time you've got available, but dedicated to it.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, like I've tried like daily vlogs and  in the past and that, but none of them really seem to go that well.
Kyle Musca: Nah, they don't usually, but um.
Arran Humphreys: Nah.
Kyle Musca: While you're travelling and stuff, you might want to try it. Um, my missus is like pretty good at these, in terms of filming them and everything, but even for her, they don't do that well. Um, I think it's this one. Like, she gets , so this. She's a good example. She gets like  terrible engagement on her actual profile, but like she runs ads and she just  like, she's got the best cost per lead for anyone out of anyone that I run ads for.
Arran Humphreys: It's ridiculous.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So like literally like $6 a lead, I think it's at the moment. So like $6 every conversation if someone interested in coaching.
Arran Humphreys: That's nuts. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, but she's good at these ones. You're going to think I'm telling Forcupine. We paid less than $90 Australian dollars to go on this six-hour safari desert trip. picked us up and dropped us off. We went June bashing at sunset. Again, it's just really short clips of just like  back to back to keep obviously constant changes for the eye and then just really fast talking as you go. Not fast talking. With the voiceovers specifically, you need to say it as like not a recitement of what you did. It's not a recalling of events. It's like come with me on this journey and then tell it more of a story. You know?
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Then we're going, so instead of like, then we went on, it's like, then we're going on.
Arran Humphreys: Ah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like take them with you on a story. I remember, I don't know, some  chick ages ago that went really ham for vlogs and stuff like that, did really well, and she said that was the key.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: Which makes sense, like, if someone feels like they're kind of along with you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, 100%. And then like, when you see people do good style of content, like I looked for this guy the other day, but he like  barely ever talks. He just does these like weird  dad  to these kind of videos. You know what mean? Yeah. works. Good one. IS THERE ANYTHING and specifically you want
Arran Humphreys: Cover it at the moment? No, not at the moment, man. It all seems to be just trying to get that organic reach to get going, which is what we're doing. I'm just dialing it in, dialing in the content. Engagement-wise, I am getting better engagement than what we were. So just the little improvements that I'm doing is working. So like I said, we've only just kind of only a couple of weeks in of starting that new style of content. And so I feel like if can just try and double down and get the more followers coming through, because it seems like now my newer leads are more so just new followers coming through now. And then there's a couple like one of the lads, the dude I signed last night or the night before, he said he'd been following me for a while. So I'm still getting people who have been there. But it's just about, I think you just need to get more people coming through.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. And that's why like pairing the... Organic content up with the organic leads stuff on the stories and everything like that will be pretty critical for you because it's like these new followers will come in, Instagram will automatically favor your account, putting your content, your stories in front of them. So it's like, give them every opportunity that they can have to engage with you. Sorry, to engage with you.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah. So when you get a new follow-up, you get shown up more for them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah. If they're following a  ton of people, maybe not, but like the majority of people do that. So again, that's why just having something on your story every single day for them to interact with and build that relationship with you, start those conversations is super important.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, okay, man.
Kyle Musca: And, you know, even with like the polls ones and stuff, do it so like every answer they have is like, they get a message. You know what I mean? Like, um... It doesn't even have to be a hard, like it can be a hard CTA, you can pair it, it can be a hard CTA with a poll. So it's like, I told you about how you can do it across two or three stories.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Be like, are you serious about dialing things in to get X, Y, Z, whatever, based on what you did? And then as a poll, yes,  yes. So it's like anyone that answers the poll is getting a message.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Arran Humphreys: Like, yeah, I get you up. And then it's just , if they've clicked on it, like, do you feel, if they click on it, they're probably semi-warm to send them a bit of a message, though?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, decent. Like, they've given you permission to message them, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Like, it's not just a cold  outreach for no reason. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man. Like, they've given you a reason to message. And then, again, doing the sticker taps, like,  choosing three people, the first three people only, to give a free nutrition audit. And then, Complete free nutrition audit. You know what mean? I can try that one because Cade, I wonder if he's got one up there. He does that as well. Let me have a quick look. Nah. I don't think he's got one up. Nah. Doesn't have it up. But yeah. He's good at doing them as like, , tells a bit of a story, doing a free nutrition order for the first three people that click the sticker. And then anyone that clicks the sticker, you can  message him and like, hey, bro.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. No, sweet, man. I'd definitely be able to do that. Like, it's like, just  try new , which is good. Yeah. It's, I love it. Like, it's actually been really enjoyable, just seeing slowly growing, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It should be enjoyable, man. should be enjoyable. What you're doing, enjoying interacting with people and enjoying helping them, giving them advice, not always expecting something in return, you know, just rubbing it like you're leaving a good impression on people, essentially.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So great. Anything else you want to cover at all?
Arran Humphreys: No, not really, man. That's kind of good things to take away and go work on for this week. Like, definitely, going on, it should be like 11K, 11K a month, it's saying, on the Nui, so that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's awesome.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, yeah, like, continuing to, it's not necessarily about adding new  in now, like a lot of it we've already got. It's about just, like, executing, testing, and then, like, refining.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because, like I said, like, it's, um... It's pretty nuts. I've got that far. I haven't really grown much in the following, so that's why I'm just trying to, just need to get that content to start. Which it's been good, like these last few weeks, definitely engagement has been up. Like my profile, you know, you see your profile views, like they're the highest they've ever been, which is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, sick man. Yeah, beautiful. And as I said, it only takes one or two videos and things can completely change. You'd be  up to your eyes and leads. So, cool work. Yeah, that's pretty much everything I'll run through now. The only other thing I'll say is like, with where you're at, it's just a volume game. It's a numbers game. I would spend, you even with where you're at specifically, man, I would spend at least like, it is the rule of like 100 minutes a day creating content, 100 minutes a day sending messages, 100%. Yeah, like it's the rule of 100. Yeah. So I would spend, like, even every single day just in time to  create some content if I was here, to be honest.
Arran Humphreys: Like, just part of it. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arran Humphreys: It's been good. Yeah, because when I put in the notion, I've got, like, a reminder set, like, a little time block a day to make a reel out of it. And then on that Monday, because the way it works, like, with the job at the moment too, I get Saturday, Sunday, Monday off. So then it's good. My Monday is just, like, full. I get, I make all the reels for the week. And then now I've been, like, oh, cool, I've got this free time. I only do client check-ins three days a week. So I've got these free days just to make more, which has been good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, sick, man. It'll only get easier, like, once you start getting more clients and you eventually even, like, leave your current job just so you can focus on this full time.
Arran Humphreys: So, yeah, so the plan is... And end of January is when I'll leave because I'm like still an electrician apprentice. So once I get signed off, then I'll  full noise on this. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sick, man. Perfect, man. Well, let's just get into a really good  spot for that. And then, yeah, off to the races now.
Arran Humphreys: Yeah. 100%, man. No, thank you, bro.
Kyle Musca: Really appreciate it. No worries, bro. If you have any questions or anything, just let me know. Otherwise, yeah, the content's coming along nicely and I'll be keen to see the CTAs and everything on the store and see how they go.
Arran Humphreys: Sweet, man. Sweet. Appreciate it, bro. Cheers, man. See you, bro. See you, man. Bye. Bye.


>>> 230/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-29T04:08:23Z | id:97530920
People: Kyle Musca

josiah: This meeting is being recorded. Yo, bro. How you doing?
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro.
josiah: How going? Hey, mate.
Kyle Musca: Great. Thank you. Good.
josiah: How's it doing, man? Yeah, pretty solid. Just been to the gym. Just signed up at our EMF Home Hub recently, so absolutely loving it there. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: yeah.
josiah: Yeah. You a bit jet-lagged, are you, or not too bad?
Kyle Musca: Oh, not too bad. I ended up staying up for, like, probably 30 hours or something and just sleeping for 11 hours, so I'm actually pretty all right today, thankfully.
josiah: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. You must be on the Gold Coast then?
josiah: Yeah. So, I'm down in Chugan. Oh, yeah. Been on the Gold Coast for about six years now, so, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Home Hub's in Rabina, isn't it?
josiah: That's a bit of a trick. Yeah, it's only about, what, 12? Yeah. 15-minute drive up there, just zip along the highway, so it's not too bad, but yeah, there's not really any half-decent gyms down here that have the recovery stuff as well, so I'm after the saunas, cold plunges, all of that, so yeah, they've got all that there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. Cool. Well, man, it's awesome to meet you. appreciate you jumping on, and I've got a call in an hour, so you don't want to sort of rip right into things, but then?
josiah: Yeah, absolutely. So, in terms of where the business is at and everything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we'll dive into all that stuff. Has Sage given you a bit of a run-through of, like, what I do and help him with and everything like that, or?
josiah: A little bit. We've been kind of looking at it, I was just kind of sussing what he's been doing at the moment, and he mentioned that you help, you know, basically took him from, I don't know, 15K, 10K, and Benny and I would have skyped. Kale up to, you know, 30, 40K plus. And, yeah, just having some systems in place that allow you to do that, you know, whether that's ads or lead acquisition systems that I simply just don't have at the moment. So, yeah, I didn't really ask him too much about it. But, yeah, I'm definitely looking to get someone, get some help in terms of the scaling side of things.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man. Yeah, so, yeah, I guess it, like, it really depends on where your business is at and I guess what you need a hand with most because, like, I've built and managed my own, you large-scale coaching business myself. So the good thing with that is I can kind of help from things through to A to Z. With Sage, for example, yeah, he was around, like, 8 to 10K when we started and he had, like, a lot of the foundational stuff there. So really it was just about marketing and putting himself in the right sort of position to actually get those leads. Coming in. And then eventually, like once we had those leads, we sort of like looked at refining all the back-end systems just for easier, I guess, operations, which has helped massively as well. So yeah, I kind of want to just understand where your business is at, where you want to take things. And I guess like, what is it that you need a hand with most? And if I'm even the guy that's going to be able to do that in the first place. So I guess we'll start from scratch, man.
josiah: How long have you been sort of coaching for now? About four years. So I've, I've been doing a hybrid model. So both face-to-face and in person, sorry, and online. And at the moment, I'm doing about 20 sessions in the gym face-to-face, but I'm looking to like,  that off ASAP. And then I've got about 20 to 30 online clients as well. And for that, I haven't even really been using Instagram at all. I've been using like funnels. Link people from the gym or using random websites like Bark or OneFlare to, you know, you basically pay for these leads to get access to these kind of databases. So, I mean, it's okay, but it's not really, it's unpredictable and it's not going to get me to where I want to be. So, yeah, four years doing that, I really want to be completely online within the next six months and just get out of the gym. Obviously, time for money and, you know, the 5 a.m. starts are just not it. So, yeah, that's where I'm at. I'm currently doing 13, 14K monthly recurring. So, you know, they're all on contracts and that sort of thing. So, I've got some half-decent systems in place. It's just that I think the main thing or the main bottlenecks where I'd need the most help is the front-end lead gen acquisition kind of thing. Yeah. Because... Because... Because... The delivery's there, the retention's good, I feel like I'm a good coach, people enjoy the service, they get great results. It's just the front end and actually getting them the  into my, like, aware about my product, which I'm struggling with. I'm a real good closer, like, I love sales, I love getting and closing on the phone, like, that's my . But it's just actually getting them on the phone initially, which is where I'm just, there's something I'm missing, bro, and I don't know what it is, so.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So, yeah, sounds like you've probably got a good foundation, like, you understand how to coach and everything, which is great. And it's more so just, I guess, yeah, lead generation, marketing, wanting to move into that online space, so probably a bit of help with, like, content and everything like that to, I guess, yeah, we'll feed those leads through then, by the sounds of things.
josiah: Absolutely. Absolutely. With my content. At the moment, it's just I'm doing like the bare minimum awareness post, so I'm not even really nurturing any leads through my Instagram at the moment. I've run follower ads, like I know how to use the meta-ad platform, and I can run follower ads, and I know all about that. It's just, you know, actually nurturing those leads onto a call. So the setting process and that sort of thing, I'd love to have a setter on or a DM setter to help me do that, or at least some nurturing systems to funnel people, you know, from those follower ads onto a call. That's that kind of, because, yeah, I'm doing so much other stuff at the moment. I feel like I don't have the time to be messaging, like, so many people every day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, gotcha, man. And so what are you charging for your, like, what are your current rates for in-person and online?
josiah: Yeah. So I actually charge more for online. So I have three different tiers. I've got a monthly one-on-one call, a four-nightly one-on-one call, and a weekly. And they all get the same . It's just the proximity that they get to me that is price variance. But, yeah, it's $100 a week for the monthly call, $200 a week for the four-nightly, and $350 a week for the weekly call. And then for face-to-face, it's $100 for a 30-minute session once a week, or they're just doing two or three sessions. So, yeah, I'm getting, like, paid way more for the online kind of thing. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay.
josiah: This is...
Kyle Musca: In-person?
josiah: What's that, mate?
Kyle Musca: 100 per session for in-person, you said?
josiah: Yeah, for a 30-minute PT. And then for two sessions, one is 60 and three is 250.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, nice. And you charge in weekly? don't do, like, monthly or upfront, I think?
josiah: I do do upfront. I offer the upfront when I'm on the sales call. So that's just kind of a, hey, I think you're going to take the bait with the upfront. So that's 2,900 AUD for the 16 weeks. It's all 16-week minimum term. So I can do 2,900 upfront. And usually people are like, oh, that's a bit  much. And then I'm like, oh, well, here's the weekly $100 a week thing. And they usually go for that. So you have that disparity there, which helps. But I've had people, you know, do the upfront before, which is great. I'm just not good at managing the cash flow.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. I'm I'm pretty terrible with my money, so. Yeah, yeah, okay, okay. And I guess, what are the things that you've tried in the past to sort of grow your business, either in person or online?
josiah: There's been a few things, mate. Honestly, I've tried a few different mentorships. The first one was great when I first went into the gym as a PT. That took me from like zero to 2K a week. That was great. You know, I'd recommend them. And ever since then, I've tried a few mentorships online. I don't know if you know Josh Bowers. He's a bloke from Bali. He's from the Gold Coast originally. But he just kind of taught me how to do the ads and set the delivery systems up and that sort of thing. But, yeah, I just feel like I keep hitting this glass ceiling of, yeah, I reach about that. There was some months last year where I was doing 20K. I did 20K a month for three months. And then, I don't know what happened. My business just  in the bed after that for six months. But, yeah, that's...
Kyle Musca: You're actually up around that 20K ceiling and it's pulled back a decent amount.
josiah: Yeah, but obviously that's me putting my nose to the  grindstone to get there. And then it's just not manageable at all. It's just not a long-term strategy. So, obviously, you're working on all the... There's just holes in my business left, right, and centre at that point. So, I might... I'll go, go, go, really grind, and then I'll be sweet. And then, you know, like the leads aren't getting nurtured, the pipeline dries up because I'm having to, you know, deliver the service to all these clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So, I guess, like, probably a little bit more automation and the fulfilment so you can free up your time to keep creating leads type thing would be helpful.
josiah: As much as I can. And, yeah, I'm thinking about going... Instead of doing their monthly... calls with those monthly clients. I was thinking about doing like a group coaching call twice a week. So then there's 30, 40 people getting nurtured by two coaching calls a week in two hours rather than me having to call all those people once a month. So something like that, you know, and then try and scale the one-to-one offer, which is obviously like double the revenue.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Okay. Cool, man. And I guess when you ran, you know, and you did the mentorship and everything to run the ads and everything, they were the follower ads you were talking about before? Yeah. How much do you actually like return off that?
josiah: Honestly, mate, not much, to be honest. Like I ran the ads. I got plenty of followers from it. I feel like the DM nurturing, I feel like I've got a good sequence there. But it's just that. Actually being consistent with it. And I get to this point where I feel like I need help because I don't have time to sit there on the DMs all day. So whether it's like some automation that needs to be installed or whether it's a setter that needs to come in, I just, yeah, I haven't really gotten the returns from it, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So possibly, yeah, delegating tasks a little bit more to free up your time, get that machine turned a bit more.
josiah: Yeah, I'm actually with some people at the moment. I'm with these blokes called Pinnacle, they're down in Melbourne, and it was just really for an accountability factor the past kind of six months or so. So I've clawed my way back up to 40 clients. So it's, you know, it's all recurring, which is good as well. But their mentorship, which I didn't realise, was, you know, 15K all up. So I'm only probably a third or halfway of the way through that. So I've obviously got that at the moment and that's really just the accountability and mainly towards the face-to-face side of things, which obviously I'm not really aligned with at the moment. So, yeah, I am prepared to kind of like have, you know, potentially you or someone else and them running at the same time. It's just like not ideal. I'm trying to get my payments reduced with them just so I can invest more into someone like yourself or, you know, another mentor.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, gotcha. And I guess what are they, I know you said the accountability, but what are they actually sort of helping you with?
josiah: So they're, yeah, I mean, no ads. Their whole motto is like  online. We're not doing online. It's all face-to-face. So they're all about, hey, have a few trainers under you, have it go into a few different gyms. And that sort of thing, which, you know, I could do if I really launched into it, but it's just not where my heart wants to be. You know, I feel like I want to be, you know, purely online. I've got that set in my mind, flexibility to travel and all that sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, I can't really be, yeah, I'm not really getting much out of it at the moment, to be honest, mate. Yeah, and I guess like anytime you do something in person, one, you don't really have that location and time freedom as much, but usually start occurring a fair few more overheads as well, which is why I'm personally not a fan of the model. Okay, it sounds like you've been with them for a little while now. Have you actually, again, seen a return from them?
josiah: Yeah, I have. Well, at the start of the year, yeah, went through a massive breakup, whatever, just my business was  for a little bit. And I just locked the  in in April and I got them. Just purely just to submit a spreadsheet to someone once a week, someone in my ear yapping to me, hey, have you done this? Have you done that? I respond well to that. So, you know, I went from 20 clients back up to 40, 45 now. But yeah, I've reached that point again, right, where I'm like, I can't really do 30, 40 sessions on the gym floor again. that, I've done that before, and it's an absolute grind. So, no, I don't want to be, yeah, especially if we're getting paid double for online. And I'm only seeing people once a month for a 30-minute call.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, absolutely. Yeah, okay, I get you, Okay, and I guess, like, well, I know you said you wouldn't mind having the double, but, like, you know, if you're already with a mentorship, are you sure you even want to, like, look at getting something else to throw in there into the mix at the moment?
josiah: Yeah, well, that's the thing. I'm at the point where I'm like, hey, I need to actually do something and generate more leads through Instagram, something a bit more predictable. I'm not even really utilising Instagram to attain leads at the moment. It's more just posting every now and again, and I might turn ads every now and again, but I'm not really converting from them. So I just want to have a Polish system on top of what I'm currently doing. And if it means paying for two mentors at the same time, then I'm just going to have to bite the bullet. As I said, I'm going to reduce those payments with the other people and just extend that out as long as I need to. Whenever it gets paid, gets paid. But it's really, I know that that's not what is going to be scaling my business long term for what I want to do long term with the vision of the company. So absolutely.
Kyle Musca: you. Thank Yeah, okay.
josiah: Okay. Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I get you. I get you. And I guess, like, besides, you know, just polishing off the systems and, like, I guess having a bit more of an online presence, like, let's say you and I were to sit down and really just map everything out step by step in terms of, like, well, I guess, one, how much time you actually have or the structure and support you need or, like, even just, like, the resources you'd like me to provide. Like, what do you really feel like you would need, you know, from someone like me in order to scale your business properly?
josiah: Yeah. There's a lot of things. When I kind of think about that question, I'm like, okay, I need an anti-lead acquisition system plugged into my business. So, from when they have no  clue to who I am to when they're on a call. Basically, and being able to just pump money into that, and then obviously there's more output on the back end of it. Potentially some retention systems, yeah, obviously trying to increase the LTV where you can. But I feel like onboarding is great. I feel like the first 10 weeks of it is great, 12 weeks of it. But it's just that post 12, 16 week, retaining a client for longer than that, re-signing clients. But yeah, also the front end and automation is trying to, you know, obviously automate as much as I can without it detracting from the service and the personability of that. So, yeah, I feel like that's pretty much, and learning, you just don't know what you don't know. I feel feel like... Like, there's just a  missing piece, bro. Because I'm seeing guys like Sage, he's telling me, oh, man, I just did 50K for the month. I'm like, bro, you were in my position not long ago, only a year ago. And now he's got like, what, 150-something clients, more even. So clearly there's something that I don't know because like once I know it, I'm going to go do it and I'll get the result. But, yeah, it's just like asking someone to fix your car. But if I had to fix my car, bro, I would have to know if I can clear I'd get a mechanic. So, yeah, I want to outsource it and actually learn some of the, yeah, everything behind it. If that happens, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I get you. So you feel like you know that there's probably things that you are missing, as you said, and you don't know what you don't know. But I guess they're seeing these other guys like achieve these pretty large numbers and they've been in position. yeah. Not long ago, so you kind of want to just fill in that gap, essentially.
josiah: Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, man. That makes sense. Okay. And I guess just to bring it back to the current situation, then, like, is the business sort of, you know, hitting that glass ceiling, as you said, not sort of growing the way you want it to? And, you know, even having hit higher months in the past, is that having an impact on you in any way?
josiah: Yes, financially, for sure. Mentally, I'm like, well, I can't keep doing this for  ever. Like, I'm not going to just, you know, I see myself when I'm like 35 or 40. I don't even really want to be doing fitness coaching by then anyway. But between now and then, it's like, okay, well, I've got to make it as airtight as possible so I can actually make some profits here. You know, I can't. I just keep going the way I'm going, otherwise it's not sustainable. So it's impacting my mindset and I feel like I'm working, like, you know, it's not two steps forward. It's more like two steps forward, two back, you know. So I don't feel like I'm able to scale past that 20K a month. But if I got 20K a month recurring revenue, that would be  life-changing. Like, that would be, you know, and it's only, what, an extra 5, 6, 7K away from doing that. But that would be life-changing for me, for sure. So it's affecting my life as a whole, not just my bank account, I'd say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And what do you mean exactly by life-changing?
josiah: So, yeah, like, more flexibility over the schedule, you know. right. More like moving to a better apartment. Yeah. So I had to move out of a really  apartment, a really nice apartment when I broke up with my ex and then I had to sell my Range Rover and all this kind of . So I've had to de, I've stepped it down, I've downgraded it a little bit since then. And I just want to get back to that point. So, yeah, obviously it's affecting my confidence levels deep down, I'd imagine. Not being able to, you know, scale the way I want or not being where I was before. So, yeah, I've taken a bit of a hit over the past year, but I'm wanting to get back to that point that I know I'm capable of. But yeah, a bit more of a sustainable path to get there. One that's not going to cost me like sleepless nights and all this kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah, a little bit more reliability.
josiah: Absolutely. Way more predictability. That's really the word that's been coming to me recently in a predictable fashion. Not just leads from anywhere I can.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, it makes sense. I've been in that situation too, so I you.
josiah: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. And I guess, like, how often is it you're actually sort of thinking about, you know, where your business is at right now and where you want it to be in that sort of gap? Like, is that a daily basis thing or?
josiah: Yeah. I find it hard to even switch my mind off sometimes about it, you know? Like, it's constantly my mind's on about how can I grow this thing, basically. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And just so I'm on the same page, like, what exactly is going through your head when you're sort of thinking about it?
josiah: go. See I'm not where I want to be, simply. Like, I'm not where I want to be. I know I'm not living up to my potential right now. This is, I know that 100%, this is version of me that I know I'm capable of and where I want to get to. But right now, I'm just, I don't know the system to get there, basically.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, and how long has that been going for?
josiah: More recently, like, the past few months, a lot. But before that, I was kind of like, comfy, okay, yeah, I'm getting 10, 15k a month. It's pretty good. Like, that's fine. But now I'm just like, you know, it's not enough. You know, sometimes I can't even pay my bills, even though I'm earning decent coin to where it was previously. All right. You But yeah, it's impacting. Clearly, it's not enough for where I want to go, the kind of lifestyle I want to live.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, I you, man. Okay, and I guess, you know, dealing with that, man, and I guess like feeling, you know, like you have had a taste of this life that you can have, man, and you've had to sort of take that hit, take that step back this last year specifically. And, you know, again, hitting that glass ceiling, that, you know, 13, 14K months that you're at right now, and not being able to kind of breach past it. Has that itself had an effect on you, like, you know, mentally, emotionally, anything like that?
josiah: Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. So that's where, yeah, it really affects your mindset. There'll be periods where I'm just like, oh, , what's the point of doing this? You know, you get those doubts creeping into. Your mind every now and then, but then you just have to kind of snap yourself out of it. And yeah, it just, it does play a little bit into that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay.
josiah: Okay. So yeah, which is only natural at the end of the day. So cool.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And I guess, you know, suppose in a few months time, man, I'm able to sort of give you that more predictability. We've got a good, strong online presence. We've got a strong, reliable lead acquisition system, you know, just like I've done with other coaches in a similar spot to where you're at right now. How would your life, you know, actually be different than it is right now? I know we kind of touched base on it, but, you let's expand on that. How would it actually be different from a personal perspective, you know, your lifestyle, everything like that?
josiah: Yeah. I mean, exponentially improved. You know, better, better, um, I'd move into a better. Apartment, I'd just feel a lot more, you know, confident in myself because I'm not, I'm actually, you know, able to, yeah, it's hard to even describe, I guess, but all areas would be dialed up a few notches. Because I'd feel a lot, I'd have that inner confidence to, you know, at the moment, I just don't feel like I'm, you know, those doubts creeping in. So I wouldn't have all of that doubt and uncertainty about how to scale my business, basically.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So just a lot more, yeah, confidence in yourself and your business, essentially. And that would allow you to, yeah, step into a new, nicer apartment, nicer place, have all that stuff.
josiah: Absolutely. I feel like that, that version of myself that I know I'm capable of, but right now I don't feel. I like I'm playing a little bit small at the moment. So that's just simply where I'm at, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, that makes sense, man. Cool. Okay. And like, let's say, you know, in six months' time, man, you've been able to achieve those consistent 20K months. You've been able to transfer, you know, from half of your business basically being in person to completely online. You've got that time freedom. You've got that location freedom. You've got that sort of confidence that, you know, you were willing to put in the time and the effort to actually get this right. And because of that, it allows you to free up your overall time, right? Because you're working less in person, right? You can't move into the apartment, you get the nice car, everything like that that you want to do. You know, when you picture yourself in that sort of position, having become the kind of person that has built a successful coaching business that, you know, genuinely helps to change people's lives, I guess, how does that as a whole make you feel?
josiah: Yeah, obviously way better about the situation. So, yeah, being able to, a big part of something that comes up for me a lot is like being able to provide for my daughter. I've got a little one-year-old girl, so I don't want her to grow up thinking like, hey, dad's a loser or dad's just played it small his whole life or whatever it is. So, if we're getting down to the deep core of why we're doing it, yeah, just to be, you know, a provider and be a real solid dad, be able to handle all of her school fees, you know, that's a big part of it as well. So, yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Absolutely. So, life that you want to give her essentially.
josiah: Absolutely. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's always a strong driver. Cool, bro. Okay. And, well, I've to ask, like, you know, on the flip side of that, like, what happens? Yeah. If you sort of never go out there and commit to yourself and you never go get the right help so you can, you as you said, learn the right skills you need. And as time goes on, you keep going through these different mentorships. You you keep putting in the hours on the gym floor, going through the trenches, keep spending money on, you know, these follow ads that aren't really giving you much of a return. And, you know, just as you said, keep taking two steps forward just to take two steps back and things just keep going in circles, man. I guess what would that sort of be like for you?
josiah: Well, simply I'll go get a  job, to be honest. Like if that's where I'm at when I'm 35, like I'm currently 29, if that's what I'm doing when I'm 35, 40, I'm like, that's my prime, gone. You feel me? So it's either now or never to kind of get on top of it. Otherwise, I'm just like, okay, I might go. There's a few real estate opportunities I could go do and do quite well in. But. And. But that's not really, you know, again, you're just, you're working on the Saturdays, doing all the auctions, and it's  again. So, yeah, that's kind of what it would be like, and that's obviously not what I want to do, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, so really it's a life-changing sort of decision.
josiah: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool, man. So, yeah, but like it's important for you to do something, and then, you know, you're clearly committed to making the change happen. So, I guess, like, that's honestly the main things I need to know, because based on everything you've told me, man, I think that what I do, you know, could actually work quite well for you. So, man, I can give you a bit of a run-through of, like, how I'd actually be able to help you with all this, if that's cool with you.
josiah: Yeah, absolutely, mate. I'm keen to hear about it and what, like, yeah, obviously investment options and that sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Yeah, sick, man. So, yeah. Cool. So, with Wayne, All right, man, I think it's probably going to take us around six months to get to where you really want to be. Now, that's not saying that we can't get you online earlier than like fully online, because I've definitely done that with coaches in a similar position to yourself in about two months. But to get the business to like fully operational to where we want it to be, I reckon that's probably going to be about six months. And the goal of that would be to sort of have the structures, the systems, the predictability. And I guess like, you know, the operations in place to sort of grow and scale it on your own terms. All right, does that make sense?
josiah: Yeah, just get the whole system plugged in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Now, to do that, man, like we'd be working together one-on-one and I'd help you build out like all the marketing, the funnels, the onboarding, the operations. So you can focus on, you know, being the best coach that you can be. And I'll basically take care of all the backend and all the marketing and everything like that just to make your life easier. So you can focus on the stuff that actually. Brings you, I guess, more clients, right? Perfect, man. So basically what we'll do is each week we'll sit down and we'll map out exactly what the next like big domino is and how to knock that down so we can keep moving forward, right? The joys of being a business owner is like you're going to have a lot of different fires in your business. Often what happens is people spread themselves way too thin and like nothing ever gets done. I like to just focus on like what is the thing that's stopping us from doing more? Let's figure that out and then we can move on to the next thing, right? Now, on top of that, man, like I'm very big on communication. So we'd be speaking pretty much daily if need be to make sure that, you what you're doing is one, effective, two, enjoyable, and three, that, you know, you do have all the support and the resources you need to maximize your return. Does that sound good so far?
josiah: Absolutely. Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect, man. So the first pillar is that like it needs to be effective. And what I mean by that is you need to be getting consistent results. From day one, all the way through to where. We get you to 20K plus months and you're fully online, right? Because if what we're doing isn't, you know, moving the needle, it's just going to feel like it's a complete waste of time, energy, and money. And, you know, basically from our very first conversation, it'd be like, how can we generate you an immediate return and then just build on that each week, right? Sorry, is that all making sense so far?
josiah: Yeah, absolutely. So, yeah, obviously it would take six months to get the whole thing up and running and, you know, fully online, be out of the gym, you know, hopefully my face-to-face clients will go to online as well. But when you're talking about that immediate return, the immediate, like, payoffs, when do you kind of see what's that, like, inflection point of when people are starting to make the money back from this kind of program? Like, obviously, if I'm getting one client a week from day, from week one, I'm already... Like, what, tripling my investment or something like that if we're talking about a weekly thing. But how many weeks would it take to start seeing the fruits, I guess, of like clients weekly?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good question. So with where you're at, like, you've got a lot of the components that we need in place. The biggest thing is just your content, your marketing, right? So usually with where you're at, I would say, like, let's just go straight into ads. But there's no point in running ads if we haven't got the content dialed in. So that's probably the first thing we'd focus on doing. With that, like, and that basically is going to rely on us doing everything organically to start with. So the leads are better. They're higher quality. They're better bought into you. And they're easier to convert. The only downside is, like, you get, like, less of them, essentially, because less eyeballs organically. That's just how it goes. Then when we run on to paid ads, that's where you can kind of, like, rapidly scale. There's no point in doing that until we get this first sort of component done.
josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: They're two different Different options we'll look at. Realistically, as you said, though, ideally, I'd want to be generating new clients from week one. So my thought process is, like, if I'm not at least doubling what you're investing into me, then, like, what's the point? It's the same point in having someone to help you, you know, grow your business if you're not profiting off it, right? Does that make sense? Yeah, did that answer your questions, though?
josiah: Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, beautiful. Cool, man. It's kind of hard to explain. When we run ads and everything like that, you know, depending on ad spend and everything like that, we'd probably be wanting to do, like, 10 to 20, you even 30 calls, depending on the response from it a week.
josiah: 30 calls a week?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's, like, you know, things are running really well, the marketing's really dialed in, and the audience is just dialed in. And it depends on ad spend. Like, if you're spending, you know, let's say, a K a week, and you're getting 10 to 15 calls, and you're converting at least five of them. You're still at least doing a 5 ROI, so it just depends on the numbers. Hard to say without, like, actual physical stuff in front of us, but, like, yeah.
josiah: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Well, I think with the organic side of things, like, I love being on camera. don't mind showing my face and talking and yapping away on camera. Like, I've got no clamps with that whatsoever. It just feels like in the past, like, I haven't really gotten that much good results from it. Like, do get decent views on my stuff. Like, I've had a few videos blow up, and usually I'm up around the 3,000,,000 mark in terms of views. So I guess that's half decent, but, like, it just seems like such a grind for that little return initially, maybe because my messaging's not right or it doesn't match my offer quite well, so I'm not attracting the right leads. But, yeah, I feel like, you know, definitely, you know. In the past, I've just been lazy and wanted to just turn the ad spend on, but I feel like the organic, you know, what you said before, there's no point actually pushing paid, at least until I've got that organic down pat first.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, exactly. Like, content's a weird one because it's like, you can't really track specific returns from it, but it's, you know, worth its weight in gold once you do it right. Like, if you look at Sage, like, his content doesn't really go viral or anything like that, but because it's so geared towards, you know, what his followers and what people, when you run ads, they come onto your page, they look at you, right? And if you've got content geared to the problem that they're facing, it's like they build that trust and relationship into you so quickly. So it's, you can't really judge a return of it, so to say, but it's, you know, if you get it right, then, you know, it's basically the core element. You can't really do other stuff before doing that, if that makes sense.
josiah: Yeah, it's like nurturing people from the follower ads to, you know, deepen and put them along the buying cycle a little bit more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. There's heaps of reasons into it. Like, another reason is, like, realistically, when you're running ads and stuff like that, about 3% of your audience is going to be in a buying mindset. Your ad just pops up at right time and then, cool, run with this guy, book and call. Whereas, like, 17% of the market is going to be in the information-gathering phase where they're going to be a few weeks or even a few months out from making a buying decision. So it's like, if you can just have the content there and then just, like, nurture them, you they might come to you with the interest of it but not take action for a weeks. And, like, if you just keep popping up, you build a trust and relationship with them and then they just, like, you give them all the opportunity to reach out when they're ready. So, man, the second pillar is that, like, it needs to be enjoyable. And, you know, it sounds pretty  obvious when you say that. So this is honestly where a lot of coaches go wrong. Like if you don't, and I'm guilty of this back in the day as well. If you don't enjoy what you're doing to actually build the business or just, you know, doesn't align with you, then it's only a matter of time until you stop. And then you find yourself in the same, if not worse position than when you started. And, you know, that kind of sounds like when you were, you know, putting heavy amount of hours and work and hitting 20K months, but it just wasn't enjoyable around. So you just have to dial it in. So, you know, don't get me wrong. Like I'm not saying it's going to be easy and it's just a walk in the park, but if you're not enjoying the process and, you know, the other day, like what's the point, right? So comment, like, I guess, you know, if you were getting consistent results and, you know, all the stuff you were doing felt on brand, you, do you feel like you could stay consistent with it so we could get you to 20K a month fully online, keep building from there?
josiah: Mate, 100%, like if I've got the system there and I have total confidence in it. What I'm doing, it's just going to be simply going to happen. Like, you know, if I'm making money, bro, I'm happy either way, you know. And I love helping the clients. I actually love doing the calls and helping the people. And, you know, it makes me feel good as well because you're  helping people. You're seeing the transformations. They're giving you messages daily. Hey, mate, changed my  life. Like, how does that not make you feel good? So you're getting that energetic return from all your clients and financially, and they're getting – it's like a win-win situation. So you can't really, you know – the only reason I probably didn't like it before, as you said, I was just  nose to the grindstone, and it wasn't a sustainable thing. So it was draining my energy, and that was just no good for anyone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. No, absolutely, man. Absolutely. Also, bro. Now, the final puller is that, like, I need You'll able to provide you with a ton of support and, like, all the resources you need so you don't just, like, I guess, waste your time and energy on things that, you know, don't actually work. Because, I mean, like, who are you really getting, like, good advice on right now for, you know, what direction you should be heading in with things?
josiah: At the moment? Yeah. Just some random  online. So, like, you know, that Reece, Lib and Stonefella, a few others that, you know, you sign up to free school groups and you get little spreadsheets here and there and you try and piece it together yourself. So, I have, you know, learnt a lot about, you know, retention and some of the terminologies of, like, trying to retain clients and do the client journey and all this , which I didn't really know previously. So, I'm a lot more aware about that stuff now, I guess, but it's just not, obviously, not a clear cut, step by step, this is what we're doing. Doing, you know, one-on-one coaching. So it just, yeah, there's not that guesswork involved with something like this compared to, you know, I just like to know what I'm doing is producing a  result and have that confidence. So I tell my clients that as well. Like, would you rather go on YouTube and get paralysis by analysis and just  around for a year? Or would you rather just have a true and tested system that you can just execute on? Yeah. And it's going to accelerate your results.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. No. Yeah, exactly. And again, that comes back to, you know, probably what you've sort of struggled with content in the past is not, again, not being able to have like a clear numerical return, but having someone there to say like, like, is actually  important. It's worth spending the time on. Here's how to do it properly. Yeah. Beautiful, man. So, yeah, like similar to clients where they get, you know, information. Like social media and stuff, like realistically just going in blind and, you know, it's, hard to really know who's been there and done it themselves. And it's very easy to feel like lost and overwhelmed. Right. So, you know, it's about, well, it's about having someone who's been there and done it firsthand to, to give you feedback on whether or not something's actually worth doing, which, you know, people save you a lot of time and money. It's also about having someone there to answer your questions at any time. So you know how to navigate certain situations as they come up and, you know, having someone there to set up your marketing campaigns, manage and scale your ads to optimize performance when we get there. I guess, get the best return on ad spend possible. Right. Is that making sense, man?
josiah: Absolutely. Yeah. Just the one-on-one support there. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I guess essentially, man, it's, it's just important to have someone there to. So to guide you through the entire process and give you a lot more clarity on what direction you should be heading in and how to do it properly to maximize results, right? So, well, I guess on that, man, like, do you feel like you, if you did have someone there to, you know, I guess, automate things a little bit, teach you which positions you should be delegating, how to find them, because that's, you know, what I do for Sage and everything as well, is like actually source those people for them. And I guess just like exactly how to go about even things with content, doing them the right way to take out all that trial and error, that it would allow you to focus on, you know, being the best coach that you can be and scaling that business to that 20K a month fully online.
josiah: Yeah, it makes, it makes complete logical sense. Absolutely. Perfect.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. So, yeah, I guess like what all this means for you is that I'm going to help to, you know, build a business that is consistent, you know, predictable, scalable. And, you know, one that actually fits into your life, like one that you actually want to be doing every day. Something that we want to start thinking of as, what was your new normal, you know? Cool, man. So, yeah, I guess, like, with everything we've spoken about, you know, so far, man, do you feel like this could be sort of the answer you were looking for?
josiah: It's made definitely the most sense. And you've, yeah, you've clearly explained it in a way that resonates with me. So, yeah, it does make sense to move forward with whatever it is. It's just really the cost, obviously, that we're going to have a look at as well. But, yeah, absolutely. It feels like I align with, you know, you and your service and what you potentially help me with. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome. Yeah, beautiful. Well, man, I'm happy with everything we've spoken about today. As said. Like said, like you've got a lot of the components and the foundations, like where we need them to be. And it's just about taking off a few of those big dominoes in order to, I like to refer to it as getting the machine rolling. So I guess, you know, we'll look at the different options and the investments and stuff on that. I guess if that all aligned, man, like when, where are you sort of hoping to get the ball rolling on things?
josiah: Yeah. So there's no time. There's no, yeah, there's no right time to start, obviously. Like when I'm thinking about it, I'm like, all right, well, look, the start of the year, but honestly, like, then I'm just waiting. I'll probably never hear from you again. And there's another two  months down the drain. So ideally it's like within a week or a week or two, really, that we're starting to get things moving. So, yeah, I mean, I came to this call and I was like, I don't care what the  it costs.
Kyle Musca: I'm just going to do it.
josiah: But like there's my life, my life's  mental at the moment, such a  song of crazy stuff financially going on. But I just said, regardless, I'm going to have a stab at it. And if I'm getting like at least one client a week from it initially, then I've doubled my money there already. So yeah, now really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So first of all, I was like, I do this because I'm still running my own coaching business, everything like this. I do really enjoy this type of things, but it's not like I'm trying to like grow and scale it as large as it can be. So I'm not going to try and hard sell you or anything like that. And with what you mentioned about starting the new year, like can see why that would make sense. And then I also think that like, you know, because we've got a few of those like foundational things that we need to sort of, I guess, manoeuvre on. That would probably put us in a good position for the start of the year when everyone's like coming into the gym. and if going to then New me  stuff to happen. So, cool, man. So, yeah, basically, we've got a few different options, man. Might as well work with stuff from the top and just work our way through. So, my top-tier package, man, it's really designed for, like, more so, like, to the point where someone has to, you know, become a company. It's not really a personal branded thing anymore. They've got a lot of moving parts, and they need someone to take care of their entire, like, marketing system, essentially, right? Like, coming up with the campaigns from scratch, running them, getting them all filmed, getting them all edited, everything like that. So, an entire team goes into that, man. If we're going to look at that one, that would come out to be about $6,000 a month. However, I think you're well off that point. There's no point in looking at that, so we just might as well move on. That would bring me to the sort of more paid ad scaling option, man. This is where I basically help with still everything front to back from the actual business itself with all the operations, the automations, you know, finding people to actually delegate tasks. tasks. So that includes a team of DMs, DMs, graphic designers, video auditors, basically anyone you need. When and if you look at hiring coaches, I'll help you with that entire process, all the legalities, everything around it. But the primary differentiating factor is running the paid ads, creating all the marketing campaigns for them, and then giving you all the scripts, everything you need to go create them, right? Because you're still the face of the brand. If we were to look at that one, man, that is a slight step down. There are two options for that. There are either $3,500 a month, just flat rate, or it's $2,000 a month with a 10% sort of revenue share over $20,000 a month, right? So it's like basically it's still 10%, but after $20,000, and then it starts ticking on from there. Still, I think that it's probably not going to be necessary for you. You've got a lot of parts that suit that, but I just don't think. We need to get your content dialed in first before we look at it, otherwise it's just not going to, you're still going to return, but it's just not going to be. As good as it can be. Which brings me more onto my third package, man, which is really about more so building the foundation. I don't like working with coaches from scratch just because I don't want to have to teach you how to do a check-in and everything like that. But getting the content, getting the actual online marketing done so we can just start putting it in front of the right people when we start running actual ads itself. So if we were do that, man, it brings it from $3,500 a month right down as $1,500 a month. And with this, man, like, again, as I said, the organic is, you know, you don't get as rapid like returns as like running good paid ads. But in saying that, there's no lock-in or anything like that. If you don't see a return from it or you don't feel like it's worth your time or energy, I'm not going to try and guilt you into staying. So I guess with all that being said, man, which options sort of jumped out to you most there?
josiah: Is there an option to, like, if we were to do the... The... Initial option, the $1,500 a month, and then bring it right up to the $3,500 a month once I'm ready to launch. Like, is that an option?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So that's usually when I work with people on that third option, it's designed to get them to the second option, if that makes sense. So it's like once you're ready to bridge the gap, you just move on to the next one.
josiah: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so the $1,500 a month, that's, there's no problem there. Let's do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool, man. So I want to make sure you're feeling, you know, absolutely confident with whatever decision you make today. Is there anything that, you know, you want to run over, anything I can clarify for you a little bit, man?
josiah: Yeah, so you mentioned no locking contract for the initial one anyway, or the tier three. And then you've got that one. Yeah. Include, because, yeah, we've, I was just a bit like, what does each one involve between the second one and the third one there? So, you mentioned I'm having to, could you just briefly explain the 1500 month option? What's just involved with that? Just so I can piece it together in my mind a bit more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the 1500 one is very much basically building, as I said, the foundation. In your case, it's very much going to be dialing in the content and figuring out what kind of content you can make to the point where we can get enough quantity out of it. It's still high enough quality and it resonates with your clients well or your target audience well. That's the primary factor for you. A lot of it, like other times, it's, you know, sometimes building out the automation for backend systems, which we'll look into. But it sounds like you've got those things pretty dialed in. And then the paid ad side of things is where I sort of. So one, bringing a team to help manage and run the ads. I do all the scripting and manage and talk to you about all the campaigns, all the different offers we're going to run and everything like that to bring leads through the door, which we'll still do organically, but it's like different ones that direct more offer, whereas one's more value-driven, organic content-focused. And then the other thing is the starting to delegate the entire team, all right? So that's where you probably, like, once you've got paid ads and you're bringing in a good amount of clients, it's like it makes sense to bring in a coach. Helping you with DM setters as well, that's probably one of the first things we'll delegate. I'll still, like, obviously give you video editors and stuff if you need. Majority of the time on tier, like, third option, people are just sort of doing everything, a lot more hands-on themselves. So the second option is more so actually building the team around your coaching business to start freeing up your time a little bit more to keep working on, you know, working on the business instead of working in the business.
josiah: Absolutely. Yeah. And this is a 1,500-month option. At what capacity is my proximity to you? Do we still have like a weekly call or is that not a call or is that just a daily kind of WhatsApp thing? What's the support, I guess, with that one?
Kyle Musca: Apart from what you've said already, yeah. Yeah. So the support, in a sense, doesn't change massively simply because, again, I'm very hands-on with this. So like I want you to have as much sort of, I guess, support as possible. It's daily messaging and everything like that. can contact me pretty much any time over WhatsApp. And then we do weekly calls and everything like that. So the only massive difference is usually I slot in 30 minutes for the third tier option, whereas I slot in an hour for the second tier option. But in saying that, like if we've got more to chat about in that 30-minute window, like usually I do just go over. It doesn't really bother me.
josiah: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Come on. Super. Well, what I'll do is usually I'll just create it. Oh, I don't actually have the link for it. I'll just send it through on WhatsApp, man. I know you're good for it.
Kyle Musca: Otherwise, is there anything else you want to sort of touch base on or anything like that before you rip into things now?
josiah: Yeah, so like onboarding, obviously.
Kyle Musca: So we'll have another call shortly about, you know, obviously strategy plan, strategizing in particular, and like first action points, that kind of thing. What's exactly going to happen?
josiah: Yeah. Yeah. So basically, we'll have a chat. The first one will be kind of like running through your business. You're already pretty good in terms of like the different tiers and everything like that. We'll just like look at if that's all where we want to be and what's involved in that to free up your time a little bit more and just getting the right amounts charged. You're already charging a nice amount. So I like where your rates are at.
Kyle Musca: And then I want to get stuck into the content side of things as much as possible because that's really the missing piece of the puzzle for you, I think. And content's one of the things where it's like it just takes, I guess, time to get good at. You know what mean? Like practice makes perfect type of thing. So look at all the different types of content, how you film them, where to find them, and how we can get that ball rolling as quick as possible. Because in the online space, like that is your main client acquisition system. And if people can't find you, then they can't, you know, pay for the service, essentially. No, get it. Yeah, there seems to be a bit of a block there, like, hey, I can't be  with content or whatever, but I don't have a problem with it. Like, you know, if I've got the scripts there or the topics or the cadence, what we're going to do each week, then, yeah, I can just execute on it.
josiah: It would be about how to show you, like, efficiency as well, because usually I can't be  with content either, but, like, I can sit down an hour, an hour and a half, and get, like, nine pieces of film, and I'm good for, like, a week and a half. So it would be about showing all that stuff as well. Yeah, absolutely. Just, yeah, what, streamlining things as well would be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And it would be more, it would also be about the structure and stuff as well, because it's, like, you know, it's like when have a client and, you know, they struggle going to the gym without actually having a set program because there's nothing to actually follow.
josiah: There's no time that they need to rock up, right? Content's, like, content's a weird thing because it's, like, no one actually cares if you do it, don't do it.
Kyle Musca: It's not like a check-in where a client's waiting for you, but at the end of the day, it is that core driver that's actually going to be able to bring new clients in. So it's, like, no one cares if you don't do it, but your business isn't going to grow if you don't do it at the same time. Yeah, they're like little... And they're like little sales letters to people just to help ingrain them further into your business and product and deepen that connection with them, I guess. So that's something that I don't really have at the moment. feel like my current audience is a bit maxed out.
josiah: So, yeah, like I've got over 5,000 followers, but I don't really like whenever I put up a link, I get like one or two a week, you know, inbounds. So if I can get that up to like 10, 15, 20 a week, then that's going to be a lot better, right? Well, audience, so organics like usually lower in numbers, but they're usually really bought into you. So it's like, it's okay if you only get, you know, two, three, four, five. Realistically, you should be getting two, three, four, five new clients a week. You know what mean? Because they're so, the stronger trust and the stronger relationship they have in you, the easier it is to convert. And then when you go into a cold audience of running paid ads, you've.
Kyle Musca: You've only got a much shorter time to build that trust and that relationship before you speak to them, which is what, again, still organic content is really important. But it's a harder sale. Which is like, we'll run through the entire sales process, the whole setting process, make sure that leads are qualified and everything like that before you jump on calls, you're not wasting time. Yeah, absolutely. Like, even a lot of the questions you're asking me on today's call, I like, hmm, yeah, that's exactly what I kind of ask my clients as well when they jump on a call. So I was like, yeah, this guy knows his, knows how to close, like, he knows his sales stuff. So, yeah, I'm excited to see the setting and the sales kind of things as well.
josiah: Oh, the other thing as well, I forgot to mention as well, the second tier option comes with a fortnightly call with my actual sales trainer as well, to run through, like, call reviews and everything. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, at the moment, I always memo all my call recordings, and then I, like, get the transcriptions and try and find gaps in what I'm saying and that sort of thing. But, yeah, obviously having a sales trainer, that would definitely make sense if I jump on this first one for 10 weeks, then move to the $3,500 a month. And then, yeah, obviously you grow as you go up the service tiers as you grow, so. Yeah, yeah, 100%, man. So, cool. And then I'll give you all the resources. Again, I've got all the DM scripts. I've got all the sales scripts. I've got everything you need, basically. And if I don't have it, I'll create. Cool. Sickman, anything else you want to touch base on at all before we wrap up?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, not really. It's just, I guess, let's get it started and when we book it. I can either do, and we'll do it every week at the same time, I can either do tomorrow at 1pm, or I could do Friday at 4pm if either of those times of work. Look, tomorrow is pretty spanked, mate, but I do have Friday. Yeah, cool, man, do you want to log that one in?
josiah: Yeah, Friday at 4pm, I think, yeah. I'm going to shift that, and then I'll just make it a, did that work? Oh, I'll figure it out after this call. Cool, bro.
Kyle Musca: All well, I'll shoot you through, there we go. I'll shoot you through everything I need to get started.
josiah: Should be fairly easy until tomorrow, until Friday. then on Friday, we'll just see.
Kyle Musca: Sit down and we'll just dive straight in on how we can get you a bit of return, man. Great. Sounds good, mate. Perfect, man. If you have any other questions or you need me for absolutely anything, man, just shoot me a message on WhatsApp. Will do, brother. Appreciate it. Awesome, man. All right. Well, you enjoy the rest of the day, man. I'll chat to you very soon. Sounds good, mate. Bye. Yes, bye.


>>> 231/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-29T06:00:38Z | id:97540214
People: Kyle Musca

Meg Tovey: Yeah, cool. Yeah, was up for like 30 hours. rough.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, .
Meg Tovey: Hey, why so long? That's not that long of a flight.
Kyle Musca: No, it was a 14-hour flight, but we just couldn't sleep at all on the plane. And we got back here at like 6 a.m., so kind of got to the point where I was like, oh, if we sleep now, then it's just going to carry on. you kind of sort of raw dog it through the day, but it was like so. Cool, but then I slept for like 11 hours and we're good to go. Cool. So we'll rip right in. Did you get the check-in form?
Meg Tovey: that come through? Yeah, I did it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect.
Meg Tovey: We'll open that up. I see some questions because they either were too hard to answer or they were like duplicates of things that I already said. Okay. Also, the revenue question, because like I do mentoring as well, I was like, do you want my full revenue or just like the fitness business revenue?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just the fitness business. Is is that separated through different billion?
Meg Tovey: Accounts? Same account, but I've got like two. Yeah. Yes. Yes, it is.
Kyle Musca: Okay. We'll just finish. Well, my computer has just like decided to go really slow all sudden. Cool. How has this been like as a general overview?
Meg Tovey: How has this week been? Well, I only had two. I had three calls, sorry. And then I had two more that didn't show.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: The two of the three I converted, the third, there was no , I wholeheartedly believe no one could have converted her. She was like the biggest  time waster and no goals or anything. I don't even know how she got on the call, but she was like very Indian and like the combo when I read it back, I was like, wow, not qualified.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: But yeah, I've had a couple more book in, in the last like two or three hours. Since I did the check-in, had three more people walk in. I did one then, and I was like, didn't convert her. And she was like very, I was stuck. Like, I didn't really know how to, she was like not giving me much at all. And I could tell there was like a lot of ego or lack resistance to being vulnerable. And yeah, I didn't really know what to say to like get her to  open up more. Cause like everything she was saying was like vulnerable, but you know, when they're like not, like she was not going into detail or anything. Even when I like tried to mirror back the things she would say to like prolong the combo. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did you try a challenger at Hey. Did you try a challenger at all?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, but I don't, it didn't really work. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: How, I guess, how did you challenge her?
Meg Tovey: How, guess. How, guess. I guess. Um, I can't remember the exact wording. I think that's what I was, like, stuck on was, like, how to word that. Because I've had people before do a similar thing where it was a little bit, I guess, easier to call them out on being like that. but she was a bit more, like, she was a bit of a hater. Like, she was kind of, like, I don't know, not, she was almost like she didn't want to open up. So I didn't know how to do it. Because normally I'd do it in more of a playful way. So yeah, I didn't really know what to say to get her to, like, open up more. Because everything she was saying on paper was what I'd want to hear. But it was the way she was saying it that I was like, she's absolutely not bought in at all.
Kyle Musca: Like the tonality?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did you record this call by chance?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Um, the way I challenge is, like, it's pretty much the same question, just wrapped. In whatever they're doing. So it's like, you know, if they're giving blunt kind of answers, or it's just, you know, not, again, what you want to hear. I just say, like, it seems like, so you add a label to it. So pretty much no matter what you say, it can't really be offensive. Obviously, it seems like, you know, okay, well, it seems like, so explain to me again what she was doing. Is she just not giving much info to go with or like?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, like she was, like she was saying, she has really low energy and a lot of brain fog and blah, blah, blah. And she's got, she ends up in this same, like, she'll think about it for three to six months, and then she won't think about it for another three to six months, and it will come back around. And so I was trying to like, what were the other things? She obviously wants to lose 10 to 15 kilos. Um, and yeah, has like low energy and stuff. But like, she just wouldn't go into, like, detail. Yeah. It felt like, I don't know if this is just me, but like, it almost felt like when I was trying to, it felt like she was hyper aware of like the sales things. And like, so when I was probing with like the, how does that make you feel? Like, how does that impact your life? Those kinds of questions. It was almost like she was not intentionally not like kind of buying into it. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would just be like, okay, well, like, it seems like, you know, you're going through these cycles where you are committed to make the change and then, you know, it kind of just fizzes out and nothing happens for three months and that cycle just repeats itself. But it seems like that's not really seeming to bother you. Like, is this even, you know, that big of an issue that you even want to look at getting a coach to help solve it?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, she would, if I didn't say something along those lines, like she, she would reply with like a, no, yeah, it is. But like, there was no, I don't know how.
Kyle Musca: Explain it. Well, what we can do is, like, we can even, like, review parts of this call.
Meg Tovey: Like, we'll power through this, and then if we have time, we might even, like, quickly whip I just, like, feel like a  idiot because I just know the call wasn't good.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah. Yeah. So it's okay. There's two types of people that, like, two ways I'd go about that. One is, like, if they're just being very, you know, restricted, then I'll throw a label in if I think that there's, you know, more behind it. But there is, like, the rarer personality type where they are just very straightforward. You probably see this more in guys more so especially where they're just very straightforward. And if you just keep asking them questions to try and get them emotional, it would probably more so piss them off. And, you know, you've got to be confident that they are this. But then if it's like that, I'll just wrap the call up. like, cool. All right. So it seems like a pretty straightforward kind of, you know, guy, which I like because I'm very much the same. And it kind of just seems like – and then I'll basically just list off the physical goals that they said. And you just want Get a coach to make sure that you can get there as quickly and efficiently as possible. Sound right? Cool, man. And then I would just basically go straight into the clothes. I would just  wrap it up. But again, I would say that's probably more so to do with males than females. Females, I'd say, majority of the time, they're probably just being conservative and not really giving you much to go with.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. It was very much, I was getting the, like, I don't, ego is not the right word, but like, for example, when she got on the call and I asked, there was a part where, for whatever reason, there was a, it made sense to me to ask, like, if she was able to watch the call, like the pre-call call, video, sorry. And she said something about, oh no, sorry, it wasn't about the video. She said something about, like, oh, she hasn't seen anything on our Instagram about us, like, about, like, how the coaching works or, like, what we do. It's just, like, lots of, like, rest. It's a piece in workout, like little, she said little workout videos. And I was like, we have not a single workout video on our page for one. Obviously, I didn't say that. And then at the end, she said something else like asking about why, because I said the two spots left thing for the gold package. And then she was like questioning why it's only two spots. But the way she was questioning was like, she was just trying to catch me out for it being a sales tactic. And I said, I said like, oh, we only take on four clients a month. And I said like, oh, think I said that in the video that you would have watched before this call. So like I, it didn't sound like it was a sales thing, but they were just like, I don't know. Yeah, it was weird.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so some people are just not going to sell. Honestly, if you feel like it is something like that, sometimes you've just got to address the elephant in the room. Like if you get to the point where you're like, I'm not going to be able to sell this person because like they're just stuck on this horse, stuck on this hill. So, you know, for that, you kind of be like, it seems like, you know. Maybe a little bit hesitant that this is just sort of like a hard sales call or something like that. And that's maybe causing you to be a bit conservative. At the end of the day, like I'm here to help you, like at the end of the day, but if you don't actually want the help because you think it is a sales call, then, you know, I don't know if we're going to be the right people to actually be able to help you. don't think anyone is. Is that what's potentially going on here?
Meg Tovey: That would have  been good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You just got to address the elephant in the room because it's like, you know, there's times where you want to like maneuver around things, but it's like if you've tried like going left, you've tried going right, up, and under, and it's like you just can't get through it.
Meg Tovey: It's like, well, I've just got to address this. Otherwise, there's no point in even continuing on. Yeah. Because you ever had a chick before where she was a little bit younger, so like that, I guess, helps a little bit. But she was like telling me how she does 75 hard and then falls off and then does it again. And she was very much the same, a very like not willing to open up. And then I kind of called her out and said like, oh, it sounds like you're kind of happy to just keep doing the 75 hard and then like in a playful way. And And that's when she opened up and she was like, nah, nah, like blah, blah, blah. But I didn't know how to do that with this  because she was like, not necessarily saying she didn't, like she was saying all the right things, but I could tell she was not brought in. So yeah, that would have been very good, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the best thing for, like pretty much to use anytime, if you ever, if you ever like don't know how to word something, especially, and you don't want to come off as pushy or salsy, just give them an out, you know what mean?
Meg Tovey: Like, and that's why I say like, you know, I don't know if we're even going to, I don't know if we're going to be able to help you if, you know, that's, would have been really good, I think. Cause yeah, I just felt so, I didn't know how to end it. And then I was like trying to get a deposit, but she wasn't even  like, it was just  and I'm embarrassed, but also I just follow the script.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, it's also new script. yeah, yeah, you're not, you're not going to be able to sell them all, but, um.
Meg Tovey: I feel like I'm so much more defeated with working with you and not when I don't sell them because obviously I'm investing more into the ads, more into you, more into the set-up so that I'm like, I'm a  failure. Whereas when it's just me doing it, I'm like, oh, that's okay. I'll get the next one.
Kyle Musca: A bit of pressure is good though. It makes us perform. Cool. So three taken so far, five booked in before this, before you filled this out, so seven total?
Meg Tovey: No, five in total before I, so between our last call and this morning, and then I had another three booked in since I filled that out. So eight in total.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So that's really good. So that's starting to pick up then by the looks of it.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I would say the messages seem better with what you've seen.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So, yeah, I've, I created a new, um, campaign where. Where it was more so job title. We've still got the broad one, which is still performing well. But the job title one, like interest targeting, is also performing just as well. And theoretically, those people should have jobs. And then with the many chat stuff set up.
Meg Tovey: Could you just check that the tagged thing is set up right for like it not to, like you said, something about it will like slowly start to not, it will target more people that are clicking full-time or part-time work or something?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so working full-time, which is 71%, which is really good. And 96% click-through rate. So that's pretty, oh, that's mine. I was going to say, that's a lot of mine. Is it nice? We know that's story and what's Where are we? know that. We've questions. I've Conversion API, working, finished flow, should add another tag, but that's good. Um, beautiful, um, working part-time, yeah, yeah, that's all set up right. So they're only going to be, one, they're going to be tagged, whether they're working part-time or full-time, but the conversion API is only set up on the full-time action.
Meg Tovey: Right.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, perfect. And then what I did this morning is because I changed on the other one, um, but that means that the click-through percentages would be skewed because, like, the last one you had 200. 138 people message through. let's say 150 of them got right to the end and actually click through. The percentages won't be obviously accurate because we've just changed what the... Yeah. So I just duplicate that and we'll see. Obviously, it needs to collect data in terms of the stats, but that will help us get a clearer insight into it. Cool. Did you see the ad scripts that I sent through to you?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I just haven't been able to film them yet.
Kyle Musca: No, you're good. Are you going to film them or is your coach?
Meg Tovey: That's what I want to ask because she'll probably do them.
Kyle Musca: She'll probably do them?
Meg Tovey: Faster is what I was going to say, but then I can probably do it. I don't know. Does it matter?
Kyle Musca: Not really. Like, she's kind of almost, you know, very relevant on the actual account anyway, so it doesn't really matter in that regard.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay. And it doesn't... It matter if it's not a professional camera?
Kyle Musca: No.
Meg Tovey: Okay.
Kyle Musca: As long as the audio is clear and, you know, it's edited good.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'll either get her to do it or I'll get Vaughn. I'll contact Vaughn and try and do that with him if he's free, either Friday, Saturday, Sunday. But the week is my goal.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Yeah, Vaughn's very good. Vaughn is an absolute she. So either one's fine. Oh, Well, on the two closes you did do, what were the packages sold and the cash collected and everything?
Meg Tovey: It was on MyScript, both of them. And so it was just the, like, weekly thing. So 370 week one and then down to 120 for six months. However, one of those two is that chick that's  having a Menti B.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. Thank Yeah, so, and she messaged me again because I haven't replied yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. She was, was she from the last time we spoke, before that?
Meg Tovey: No, it was on Friday morning.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, okay. Okay.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they're always tricky. It's always a bit of a red flag if they're not willing to, you know. Did she lay deposit?
Meg Tovey: No, that was before we spoke about that. So, the next one I did, she was, had a little bit of hesitation, so I did the deposit thing, but she's all good and she's, like, starting. I just sent you what this chick just sent me as well today because I haven't replied yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, one thing I always do is, like, if someone were to do that, like, you know, for whatever reason, you set up a deposit, or not even a deposit, let's say. like, if they're just set up to start in two weeks' time, I kind of really play on the fact. The of letting them know that I've been doing work for the entire time. So one thing to do is on the call is like, look, usually I don't do this just because I've had people really dick me around in the past, but I can see how committed you are to change and I actually really want to help you get there. And to be honest, I'll chat to you. I know you're good for it. That's really important. like identity, sort of giving them an identity. People want to like stay in tune with that identity, right? Like they want to stay in tune with the perception that other people view them from. So I know you're good for it. And then I would just set up notes, you know, every couple of days to message them and basically saying like, I'm just like putting together the final piece of the program. It's looking so good. I'm so keen to get started. You know what mean? Just stuff like that. So it's like you're putting in work that way. Like if they come back and turn around and be like, I can't do it and stuff, it's like, oh, really? They in so much time and effort and like you kind of play on the outside of things.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, she'd sent those first ones before you'd said that because we spoke about that in the message just before. So I will definitely do that next time or just maybe even just get them started, give them the two weeks free. The only thing with that is like because we get them to do their consult form for all the info, it just feels a little bit out of integrity to say like we're working on the plan and stuff. If then we get them to do all this info to be able to make their plan.
Kyle Musca: Is that just like forms and stuff?
Meg Tovey: Is that attached to the app? Just one form, yeah, but it gets like all the info. So obviously I get all the info from the call, but they do the consult form after that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, maybe like send them the form. Can you just send them the form like after the call? Like we're going to get to work on things, you know, sooner for you.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, yes, definitely can do that. I've done that before. before. And they then will, if they kind of have it in their mind that they might not go through with it, like if they're already  panicking, they just won't fill out the form. But I can still definitely do that and just say it anyway.
Kyle Musca: I don't know. Yeah. Again, there's like a good little red flag if they don't fill out the form, you know what I mean?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then I would just set a note to like message in the next day, like, hey, did you get a chance to fill that out?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um, this, this chick just seems terrible with her money.
Meg Tovey: How do you owe someone like money? And also just, she's literally spiraling. Like I didn't reply straight away because I just knew she was in a  pit and wouldn't, nothing I would say would be like helpful when someone's that dysregulated. But yeah, I haven't, I was just going to message back today and say, hey, I was just waiting to hear back from PaySmart. And then I'm going to try and push, I'm going to say they've, they've approved an extension for, weeks or  six weeks or something. Because I've had this before and then I just like stayed firm on the contract and they ended up being sweet after like two months or whatever. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I usually just try and push them back type thing. you try and, again, I would come from that more like personal emotional side of things and like have already done work. Because if you just try to go and like go and sing in with like you sign this agreement and like you're going to pass your debt collector, it just becomes very like argumentative. Whereas like, you know, as long as they're not an absolute like piece of  person, if you say like I've done all this work for you and stuff, then like most people are like, oh, well, fair enough that you get paid for it type thing.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. So should I send that message that I get you and I, if you won't cover the work that's been completed, then the billing company will look at me, blah, blah, blah.
Kyle Musca: I'd probably say something along those lines. Yeah. And then I always like to add in like, you know, that doesn't seem fair or like, do you feel like that's, that's fair? Just because people like being perceived as fair, you know, if you're in especially a Western system. Society, and you're not perceived as a fair person, then like, you know, just not very likable or trustable. Yeah. I feel like, yeah, does your grandfather have like an inheritance?
Meg Tovey: Also, just throwing that in the mix.
Kyle Musca: Also, my grandpa died. Yeah, I mean, let's take them with a grain of salt. So I had some guy tell me like last week, like he disputed the payment and he was out of the program duration. I was like, you could have just asked to cancel. And I was like messaging him and stuff, didn't hear anything. And then my coach got a message from his phone, apparently from his girlfriend, saying that he had died in a motorcycle accident. And then he like sent me a photo yesterday that he was like posting his Snapchat stories and stuff.
Meg Tovey: Oh, my God.
Kyle Musca: But anyway, cool. So two good sales off there, which is good. I think once the ads, the video ads are in place like that, the graphic ads are performing really, really well. Bye. Bye. There's not a massive spend on them, but for the cost per leads and stuff, they're performing quite well. And I might even, if the cost per lead stays where it's at at the moment, I might even just turn off the broad campaign and just purely focus on the job interest one. Because, I mean, have you looked over the conversations to see how qualified they are?
Meg Tovey: I don't know how to tell the difference between which ones are from the job ones and which ones are the, or do you mean just all of them?
Kyle Musca: Just all of them. Because they're the same trigger word. We won't be able to differentiate, you know, where they're coming from. But, like, if we've just uploaded that and it's performing well and, you we're getting more calls booked in and everything like that and all that stuff, then it's, like, kind of just, you know, a gated guess.
Meg Tovey: Well, yeah, the ones that have been booked in all have jobs.
Kyle Musca: So that's a good start. Yeah, perfect. Okay, cool. So, yeah, I might even just, like, turn the other ones off and just keep focusing more on those. But I'll them time to make sure they're clicking. As much data as possible. Not enough Causebook that show up.
Meg Tovey: That was kind of like a last week. Well, actually, I was looking at my spreadsheet of, like, Causebook for the whole of October. And, like, there was just so many that didn't show.
Kyle Musca: Do you remember, like, the specific day we fixed the post-show booking?
Meg Tovey: I could definitely find it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cause it'd be interesting to see what the differentiating factor from that was.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Does it feel like more since we've implemented that?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, I think so.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Beautiful. Okay, cool.
Meg Tovey: I just want to check if this Jen chick has a job.
Kyle Musca: And then with the scripts, you said you haven't had a chance to look over it?
Meg Tovey: The video scripts?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Oh, I've read through them all. I just haven't had a chance to fill them up.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, cool. Yeah, so the first one I just did for, like, just women in their 30s. The second one, like, more so women that have jobs in their 30s, but without – you don't want to go down the route. Like, a lot of people think, like, oh, I want people with jobs. So they're like – if you're a woman in their 30s that works, like, an executive job or something like that, or hardworking, it's just like that – they need to identify with what they are. So it's like you can target mums because mums identifies mums. You can target tradies because tradies identifies as tradies. No executive corporate person identifies as a corporate executive, you know what I mean? So, yeah, and then the third one was mums, just so we can test that out. But, again, we'll do, like, job interest mums.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah, so, again, yeah, with the ads. yeah, yeah, I mean, they seem to be improving now this week specifically, so if we can keep up eight calls a week, minimum, then we should be in a good spot if we can, like, if they're good enough quality that we can actually convert on them. And then, like, once we've got that cash on stuff, and then we start getting into more, you know, marketing in terms of, like, continuously getting the videos done and they're performing, it's like, that's when we're smooth sailing. It's just, again, getting that machine turning. Does that make sense?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Did I cut out there?
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, I think it's laggy. Nah, all good.
Meg Tovey: Oh, it's my internet, sorry.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, can you hear me? Yeah, yeah. And then the testimonial campaign, yeah, they came up, they came up sick, which is fantastic. And then, I mean, we could even do... Depending on if you do them or Lauren does, we'll get those ad scripts filmed. Afterwards, we could even do like more of a, because like the, the start of it kind of seemed like how a good ad, like a social proof ad would, would come out. And then you would kind of just like, like you're filtering through the testimonies and that looked really, really good. And it's, sorry, not filming, filming through the transformations, like as they were like just flicking through. Um, they, social proof ads can work really, really well. You probably don't know him because he does all male, um, targeting. Uh, have you seen the guy that does physique factory?
Meg Tovey: Um, I feel like I've heard of it. I feel like I know. Yeah. I feel like I've heard that name, but I can't picture it right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. All he does, like all his content, all his ad stuff is just social proof and he just kills it. Like social proof is like the, the, one of the strongest, if not the strongest like marketing tool you can use. Um, if you can just like flood with how many other people you've helped, it's like, there's no reason. People can't think that you can't help them.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Well, yeah, we have to keep to that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, perfect. So, yeah, cool. Film new ad scripts and then set up to some main campaign for CauseBog. Yes, that's getting done as we speak. Should already, could already be done, I actually think. I'll check out this. And that, that should be good because they come out good. Is there anything else that you want to specifically cover at all?
Meg Tovey: I just, um, I got Loz to do those, like, to add the CTA to the end of the video, but there's something wrong about them and I can't quite, like, pick it. Like, it seems like they're too short or the CTA is wrong or something. Can I play it for you?
Kyle Musca: Is this the testimonial ones?
Meg Tovey: No, we spoke about, I don't remember what it was for, but we spoke last week about using her videos that perform well on her. Like cooking and then making a CTA to coaching, but I don't know if the CTA is like too short or I don't know, or the voiceovers like not right or something, but let me send these to you because I couldn't work out what was wrong with it to be able to tell her.
Kyle Musca: It took me 20 hours. The other thing as well you could also look at is if she's, how many followers did you say she has?
Meg Tovey: has heaps, hasn't she? Like 40K.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you could always look at like running ads through her account.
Meg Tovey: She's not. We've spoken. I've about it so many times. She's not open to it. She wants to keep it, like, just for her, I guess, like, influencer work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Meg Tovey: Which is, it sucks. I've tried so many different angles of, like, how we could use it, and she's just not having a bar of it. And I'm, she's, like, a dream employee, so I don't want to push that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, because the other thing is, like, it's good that she's not, she doesn't seem money-hungry, because, like, with 40K, she could definitely just go, like, do her own, like, company. She's not, like, business-motivated. Yeah, yeah, so, mean, that works in a favour. But if you're good, it'll run out. But no, it's okay.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I tried.
Kyle Musca: It pairs perfectly with that chili oil. If you want to eat this good while losing 10 to 30 kilos, send me a message.
Meg Tovey: It's like not sticky enough.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you always got to do like send me the word pasta or something like that. It's going to be a trigger word. It doesn't necessarily have to be, but it's always good because you like when you're doing CTAs, you just want to like make it extremely clear what the next step is and how people like there's any sort of confusion at all. can just like people can not follow me. And you go watch like people that are good at it. Like even Mr. Beast will say like, you know, go buy this chocolate bar like right now. know, click the link and go buy this chocolate bar right now. It's like there's no beating around the bush with it. So I would say like, yeah, send me the message pasta. If you want to eat foods like this while still losing weight, send me the word pasta and I'll show you exactly how I've been able to help. Hundreds of other women do it. Something like that.
Meg Tovey: Can just write that down?
Kyle Musca: So it's usually kind of like the same with, you know, most titles and stuff. It's usually like, it's either goal without struggle or, you know, foods like this, so foods that actually taste.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, like without restricting or without spending hours in the gym.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Meg Tovey: If you want to eat food this good and lose 10, 20, or even 30 kilos, send me a message with the word pasta.
Kyle Musca: And I'll show you exactly how I've helped hundreds of other women do just that. If you can do that, I actually really love to, like, trial that as an ad.
Meg Tovey: Do just that. And then the other one, or is
Kyle Musca: Not good. Did you send another one?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, there's another one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's a beef one. It took me 25 years to learn this, but you can know. Rice honestly has to be one of my favourite meals when it comes to trying to lose weight because you can add so much volume and so much flavour to it. If you want to eat this good whilst losing 10 to 30 kilos, send me a message.
Meg Tovey: Same. Just change the CTA.
Kyle Musca: CTAs can be pretty much exactly the same every time.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, and it just needs to be a little bit longer. Like, I'll show you exactly how I've helped, blah, blah, blah. Because I was like, it was weird. was like too short. I don't know. It was not. I was like, wait, what?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, if you want to lose 20 plus kilos and you want to eat foods just like this, deem the word pasta. I'll show you exactly how I've been able to help hundreds of other women just to do just that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: You can also do comment with like... The comment many-chat flow gets a little bit annoying.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, plus I feel like people don't do it because all the only people that do do it are like retarded in messages because they're like old mums that don't know how to use Instagram. I've had egos stop them from commenting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's the other thing with weight loss. You've got to be careful of like what people can see publicly because they might like, I don't want to see people like see that I'm trying to lose weight, I think.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, totally.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I always like the DM, it's just easier. And if we run it as an app, like it's obviously got the send message button, so it's pretty hard to miss. Cool. Okay, yeah. But those are good. They're nice and short, which is good. She's very good at, you know, keeping them nice and short like that, actually. Cool. She does three of them a week for you, you said?
Meg Tovey: No, she does. They were, I got her to send the two that she did for her own pay. Or I just said send any that you do for your own page so that would make sense and put the voiceover over it. And then she does three reels a week. Sorry, she does two reels, three reels a week on the fitness, like on my business page that are like educational-based. Then she does a carousel and a trendy reel. So like five in total.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Does she put the recipe in the caption?
Meg Tovey: Of her own posts? Yes.
Kyle Musca: Not for yours?
Meg Tovey: She doesn't really do cooking ones for ours. Like she collabs the Saturday one she posts on her page and collabs it to our page. But we don't post any other like recipe ones. We have actually in the last couple of weeks started doing like maybe once a fortnight, like a meal prep. Like where she'll, it'll be like her doing meal prep and then it's got like DM the word meal prep and we'll send you. be We'll The recipes and the grocery list, blah, blah, blah. That got heaps of opt-ins, actually, like, yeah, heaps. We've done like that maybe three times in the last six weeks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you can run them as ads, like more so lead mag ads. I want to get the direct stuff sort of before we like.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, same, because I used to do the lead mag stuff at so high volume, but they're not really quality. Or they just like take so long to get on a call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's like, it's a little bit harder to figure out. I've run lead mag stuff and I actually cut my cost per call in half. But like, yeah, the intent is not as high. So, yeah, let's just, are we going to try it? Cool. Okay, sick. Yeah, well, realistically right now, we just need to do the ad scripts. The messaging conversation seems to be better. More calls are being booked in, which is great. We've got better post-show booking now, which is improving the show up rate, which is huge. That's a message. Massive. Differentiating factor. Simple, but massive. Do you want to review, you did the sales call training with Tommy?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I did. I don't know. I don't know. I think it's just because the script's new. It's like I feel like I'm being quite like not, like it is quite feeling, it probably isn't coming across salesy, but it feels like it is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Because I'm still following the script.
Kyle Musca: We can just, I reckon should, do you have the recording? Shoot it through and we'll just record, but we'll just review it. But, um, it's going to feel a little bit weird doing a new script.
Meg Tovey: Just because I literally know it was  dog .
Kyle Musca: They're the best one.
Meg Tovey: Oh,  my life. Can I share my screen?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you have the link for it? Because then I'll be able to like pause it and play it.
Meg Tovey: Yep. Why don't I just copy the link or do I just have to click, like, do I have to type? Oh, here we go. Never mind. I just sent it through the chat, but it might make you, it might make me have to accept. It says anyone with the link can be, though.
Kyle Musca: Take me to it, so I think we're good.
Meg Tovey: Oh, my God, this makes me feel sick. This is not recorded.
Kyle Musca: Skip into it a little bit. Just the heaviest I've been, like, when you need help. Yeah. Has your weight kind of gone up recently, or has it just been, a gradual thing? It's been gradual over the last probably two years, the last probably six months it's been around the same. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So whenever they say something like that, I always like to act, you know, concerned about what they say. If it's always something that, like, you should, you want to bring more attention, like, negative attention to, I'll just do, like, oh, okay, so it's actually been increasing.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, bring that, because then they think, like, oh, , yeah, that's not good.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And you said you kind of haven't done much, or you haven't tried to do much since. You've had your daughter, so have you just, like, I feel like at the start, like, I was walking, just walking around the neighbourhood, got a crush. What does this lady do for working, sorry?
Meg Tovey: Um, I can't remember. She worked full-time, though.
Kyle Musca: It wasn't anything to do with sales?
Meg Tovey: I actually don't know if I asked.
Kyle Musca: I always like to ask, like, if I can in the very first, like, two minutes, just in casual conversation. I just finished work. Work, by the way. Um, just to see, it's like, if they tell me that they're unemployed, it's like, no, this is going to be a five-minute long call.
Meg Tovey: I definitely do if they, if they're getting the vibe that it's, that they don't have a job, but I knew she, from our messages, that she was working full-time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But you have to ask. Yeah. Trainer, start doing that, but I feel like novelty wears off. Yeah. And I've got a bike, done that for a bit, and then the novelty wears off. Yeah. Yeah. We've all had the equipment at home, and it's like, once you've done stuff, And then I'll do a reform of Pilates for a while, but then that's hard because I've got a partner who works away, so I can basically do that when he's home. So what she's saying here is she's doing a lot of starting and stopping and nothing's actually sticking. Yeah, right. Need someone to look after the child. Yeah, yeah. What's your brother's name, by the way? Kyle. Oh, nice. What is he, what's his, is he 5'4"? So for something, I always like to just repeat back to them, because when you repeat back to them, or offer the solution to what they say. So either way, it just shows them that you've just listened and understood to what they've said. So it's like, okay, so it sounds like, you know, you're just kind of like starting something new, go to make a move on it, and then, as you said, the novelty just wears off, so it kind of just fizzles out and nothing really comes from it. Yeah, exactly. You kind of want them to say like, yeah, exactly. Because it's like, and you'll hear it in the tone of their voice, like, yeah, exactly.
Meg Tovey: Like, as in like, you understood what I've just said. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or, yeah, I think like 7 and 7. Yeah, right. But, I mean, we both like. He's another property up like near where he works, so he's not home the full seven, he's probably only home four to five out of the seven. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of parenting for a lot of the time. Yeah. So, okay, let's say we sat down, mapped out a, you know, custom training program, nutrition plan, all things, having the support in terms of message and calls and stuff. What do you think you would really need to be like super successful? Like, what do you think you would need? To be honest, I don't know. I don't know. Until I do it, I don't know. As in, until you? So, with that, did you change the script to add the nutrition and training stuff?
Meg Tovey: No. It says.
Kyle Musca: This might, maybe tell me, change it with the one he gave you.
Meg Tovey: No, I'm on the one that you sent me.
Kyle Musca: Oh, unless she said, she said training and nutrition is what she needed help with. And it's like, okay, besides the training, nutrition, like, let's say you and I were to sit down and map it all out step by step.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. let's Yeah. So that should say, like, in terms of, I guess, the amount of time you ever have available, because she's a mum.
Meg Tovey: So why that was highlighted yellow.
Kyle Musca: So with that.
Meg Tovey: It says, OK, got you. OK, got you. And besides what they said they need, let's say we would sit you down with myself and the coaches and actually map this out for you step by step. In terms of, like, then it says in yellow highlight the amount of time you have available, the level of support and accountability you need, all the resources you'd like us to provide.
Kyle Musca: What do you feel like you would really need from someone like us to be successful? Yeah. So I always include that in there just because it allows you to really, well, one, switch the attention away from training and nutrition, which is, like, not really worth, you know, larger amounts, to accountability, structure, support, that stuff. Yeah. So, like, I would definitely ask the amount of time you have available, the support and accountability, because she said, already said she, like, starts and It stops and falls off a lot or even like the resources you'd like us to provide because this is usually where the conversation will kind of steer away from the physical training nutrition into, you know, accountability, structure, support, et cetera, et cetera.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Do you try like this approach or, yeah, yeah, okay, well, I think you know, you would know yourself more than anyone else. What do you think's like kind of derailed you in the past? Do you feel like it's the education side of things with, you know, what to eat, when to eat, how much to eat, what to do in terms of exercise that's going to fit your lifestyle or is it more just like accountability to stick to those things or the support to be able to talk to someone and kind of reflect on or is it all of the above? Yeah, it's honestly a combination of all of that. Yeah, yeah. A little bit of all that. Yeah, okay. And what's been like the, because you said you obviously haven't really tried that much to lose the weight since having your daughter. What's kind of been the reason for that? It's the lack of energy I have, the lack of energy being more time poor as well. And, yeah, brain fog. Yeah, yeah. A of decision fatigue and stuff like that with the plan, planning. Yeah. How, I don't know. So that's where I'd offer the solution. Okay. Okay, so maybe a plan that, you know, has a little bit more flexibility around sort of the mum life and, you a plan, you know, specifically a nutrition plan that actually gives you that energy back and clears that brain so you can actually think clearly. And even just taking the guesswork out, so you don't even need to think about what you do, just do it, would be quite helpful. For you then, yeah. Yes. Because then it's like you're selling the exact solution that they've just said they have a problem to. Yeah. I don't know if this is a bit of a deep question, but how often do you kind of, like, think about trying to lose the weight or, yeah, how is it kind of, how often is it on your mind? I feel like that goes in waves too. Like over winter, didn't think about it at all. Now it's starting to warm up. I feel like I should be doing some sort of exercise. It's coming to mind again. I need to lose the weight. Yeah. Is it like because of the clothes, like changing clothes and stuff? Huh. What are some of days or...? I guess, no, I feel like I've pretty much been around. Clothing-wise, I have up to size, like, since having Talia, and I'm still fitting into those clothes. So it's not really clothing that's pushing me. Yeah. I feel like it's probably every three to six months I think about it. Like, what's the change in that time? I don't know, that's when it comes to mind again. My brain's swelling around with so many things, and that's when it comes to the forefront of my brain again. Yeah, yeah, fair. Especially if feel like low energy and stuff. No, that makes total sense. And being a mum, and you've got work, and are you full-time work? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So you've got a bit on. I get it. Maybe if I reframe the question a little bit, let's say this time next year, or, I mean, it wouldn't even take you that long to get to that goal. Let's say six months to plan. You're, you don't 10 kilos. don't So, yeah, I mean, she's giving, like, decent answers, but I feel like she just doesn't actually know herself why she even wants to do it, which probably says it's a deep-rooted feeling more than actual thought. So you could, and you did better, like, by trying to expand. I would say, so a challenging word is why, you know what mean? So it's like you said kind of like, you know, what do you think is the problem? Like, I guess, like, you know, it comes in waves and you kind of, you stop on the start quite a lot, like a lot, as you said before. I guess, like, why do you feel like you actually want to lose this way? Like, what is the actual driving factor behind just the weight loss itself? And then if they're like, I don't know, then it's like, then I would be like, well, are you sure? Like, if you don't know, are sure you even want to look at getting a coach to help fix this?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, and I did ask that and she went into, like, how she wants to be a good role model for her daughter and stuff. So, just... So it me a bit longer to get there.
Kyle Musca: Oh, so it comes up.
Meg Tovey: Okay, fantastic. So that itself is it comes up, though.
Kyle Musca: How long till it comes up?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I was very stuck.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that would be, you know, kind of like what a black swan would be. It's like a key piece of information that transforms the trajectory of the conversation because it's now, that's a very big driving factor. That's a lot more important than just losing 10 kilos. Feeling, or you've got a piece of energy back, that kind of thing. How are you, how are you feeling? Or how's it really impacting your life? Well, see, that's why I feel like it really is a lifestyle thing. I'm not really looking for another, I'm not looking for another quick fix. I'm not looking for another something to follow for a couple months. I'm looking for help to find out, create new healthy habits for sustainability. Yeah. Oh my gosh, it's so refreshing to hear you say that. I mean, I guess like most of the women that I speak to are kind of, they've done all the fab diets and they're fed up with them. And they're ready for the sustainable thing, but it's nice. I don't know, it's nice hearing it when you're kind of like, not just wanting a quick fix. Because if you're real, the weight loss is the byproduct of doing those things, right? And BF, keep it off. Yeah. Why now, though? Because I know you said you think about, you know, every couple of months. Why, I guess, my concern is if you're like, if it's just a phase of how you're feeling, what's the life of the life in another six months or 12 months time? Does the weight keep going up? Is it, like, how does it, yeah, I guess, impact you? How are feeling? Well, I guess that all depends on how the changes go, you know, like, whatever new implementations you make, how they go. Like, if they are sustainable, I guess it will be steady. Whereas if they're not, I meant, like, if you, why now are you looking? So, yeah, that's where I like to add. Because, again, the why is very harsh. You've got to be careful with how you use why. Because why can come across as offensive. Like, people hear why, and they can get automatically defensive just subconsciously. Because it's, like, why is, like, someone's challenging you on your perspective and your beliefs. It's, like, why? It's, like, oh,  you. You know what mean? So that's why I like, okay. And I guess like maybe help me to understand like why now though? You know what mean? Like why not just sort of keep pushing this down the road? Like, and I would just like say it very clearly like that. Cause it's like, as you can see here, kind of started to, you know, started saying six, 12, six, 12 months down the line and stuff like that. And then she kind of got confused about the exact question itself. for like wanting to do something about it rather than like, cause yeah, it sounds like you've kind of thought about it for a bit and then not thought about it and then thought about it again for a couple of years now. So why isn't now the, yeah, right. I guess what I was trying out before. What's life looking like if you don't do something this time around? If don't do something this time around, guess it'll be the same thing. I'll come roll around to beginning of next year. I'll know another three, six months and I'll think about it again. And what do I see out there at that, that time to help me? Yeah. Same kind of position. Right now, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I that. Well, no, I guess, obviously, all I need to know is, like, I'm confident that we can get you to where you want to go. But I guess I just like to, yeah, get clarity that it's something that you actually want to do and will do. Yeah, that it's important for you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Kyle, why don't I walk you through how... So did you kind of jump ahead there? Did you go through the emotional phase here?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I definitely ask because I ask her about, and she's talked about her daughter. So maybe it's, maybe I start and then go back or something. I don't know. It's gone for a heap longer, so I think it's maybe further down the line.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So from this, because it's like heavy you speaking, I'd say that's probably the pitch. And then... Let's just go here. Yeah. The big kind of weight loss results and the maintenance. Sorry. Sorry. So your coach would provide you, and you're actually two-on-one, so you get me and one of my coaches, but we would provide you with a tailored, fully-custom plan every single week, so training program. Are you, did you say you're wanting to train from home in the messages, or did I make that up? I don't think I actually specified, but yeah, I would be looking to train from home. Yeah, cool. Do you have kind of equipment? I've got, I do have a weight set underneath the house that's, and all that information, and make sure it's fully-custom to you. Um, so it's more energy. Yeah. And like, yeah. Yeah? Yeah. You're a woman of few words. What do you, what's going on through your mind? you? Yeah, just listening, absorbing, thinking about it. But it's sounding good, yeah. It sounds, it sounds like what I need, you know, like, to get me in the right direction. Yeah. Why, what part is kind of resonating most? Um, just to the week, to week meal plans and workouts. I just need direction, know, like I need, need, I need Um, my brain's so fried, I can't come up with these things myself. Yeah, for sure. And I feel like once I start doing these things, it will clear up the brain fog and I will get more energy and we can increase these things, like increase exercise and that sort stuff. So I think like from what I've seen so far, the majority of the conversation was actually good at heading in the direction. And then it was like around that kind of, you didn't get her to really vocally say like why she needs to make a change right now so that she doesn't just like keep thinking about it and going through the, unless we haven't seen that part and you do get it to that point.
Meg Tovey: I don't remember. I just remember her like not really, yeah, I don't remember that urgency.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, from what I saw, like that sort of portion was actually going decently well. She was giving good answers to a degree, like nothing too out of the like red flaggy. But then I think it was just never breaking the, why not just like keep, you know, going through this cycle. Of just not doing something about it and then wanting to do something about it and then just not caring for a couple of months. Like what is actually going to be different about it this time? And she needs to say that. Because like, yeah, because she's clearly struggles with making that decision to actually follow. Yeah. A lot of the time, not even, a lot of the time, I mean, obviously you can increase the exercise if you want to, but a of the time it's such a big emphasis on the nutrition side of things to, at least for the weight loss side of things. Oh, yeah. So, a lot of our clients don't start and think they have to do, like one of our clients, when she started with us, was doing like three or at least two sessions. Let me get to the close. That's one of the, you know. Yeah. Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. When she's talking about her daughter. Pardon? I think this is the part she's talking about her daughter.
Kyle Musca: All the habits. Yeah. Have you, you haven't done any kind coaching or anything before? Just the traditional practice? Yeah. Yeah. And what about any like of those programs I was talking about before where you kind of like do an app or Yeah, I've done quite a few of those two. So, I feel like I do have a bit of an education around nutrition. It's just that. So I go for convenience. Yeah, yeah. I do have the knowledge, I just don't implement it. Yeah. What's the, when you say you've got the knowledge, what does that look like if you were to implement it, like in an ideal world? Yeah. I would, I'd be happy if was implementing it, like, but that's where.
Meg Tovey: I'm to get out of that, and I'm fully aware that I'm  circling back. But, like, when people, like, I almost felt like she was, like, starting to say, like, oh, she knows what to do, just doesn't implement it, and I was trying to kind of get her to realize that she actually doesn't  know what to do, because all she's done is bad diets.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I was about to say that. I'll be very cautious about leading into this line of, I guess, questioning it, because, not questioning it, but questioning, because now we are getting into the conversation of, like, oh, yeah, I know the education, I know how to do it, why don't I just do it myself? And that's a big, you know, objection there. I would kind of be, like, I would simply ask, like, okay, so if you feel Like, you've got the, you know, the education around and everything like that. guess, like, why do you feel like you have, you know, been stuck with this for the last two years and actually been gaining weight for that period of time?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, but I feel like she's said that so many times already. Yeah. Three or four times and then she was getting, like, not frustrated, but, like, I'm, like, struggling to find the balance between mirroring back what they say and then just saying, like, when they're like, yeah, I  already said that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's, like, have you asked this directly of, like, why do you feel like if you know the, if you have the education, why do you feel like you've struggled with it?
Meg Tovey: I can't remember. Well, I can't remember if I say it after this, but, like, she struggled because she said she's got decision fatigue and she doesn't, like, have the time. So maybe it is after this that we talk about that. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: But that handles the DIY objection because if she comes back and she's, like, I feel like I have the education. I should do it myself. I'd like, yeah, well, you know, I know you mentioned that, but, like, I mean, to be fair, you have sort of put on weight for the last two years, and you mentioned that you've got all this decision fatigue, so you can't even make the decisions for yourself properly. You feel like that's potentially what's, or you could just, like, how is it going to be any different if you go try to do it yourself again, because you've already tried it yourself.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, and that wasn't her objection at the end. At the end, she was like, yes, like, saying, yes, she wants to do it. But she was like, my partner, so her partner's FIFO, which I probably should have asked earlier, like, when he's home. Like, I skipped the question of, like, when would you want to get the ball rolling, I realized after. But the objection was that she's going to speak to him, and he's been also looking for solutions, because he's also on a weight loss journey. So they were, like, going to go away, come up with a solution, and then share the solutions. And, like, so I, yeah, well, I was like. I don't know what to say. Yeah. It was just like a  mask because there was something obviously that she was not fully on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. mean, a good one for that is like, do you feel like, you know, this is the solution you were looking for? Yeah, I feel like it could be. Okay. I mean, that's great. Well, I mean, did you want to get started in that way? can go have a chat with him and be like, hey, I found a solution. I mean. Yeah. I suppose what she says, we'll try and get into that. Like, any proper ideas?
Meg Tovey: I've got to jump on a call.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Meg Tovey: that one. But if you want to, if you have got, have a long rest of that to watch it and do a loom or something, I would be appreciative. Yeah. Much as it makes me feel sick. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, for the most part, it's quite good.
Meg Tovey: No, that was  dog .
Kyle Musca: But it's okay. Definitely seen worse. Cool. Okay. Well, I'll try and I've got to jump on another call now, but I'll try and watch that. This afternoon or tomorrow. And. Get back to you on that.
Meg Tovey: Thank you. Because, yeah, I always put them into the chat after and I try and get it to, like, get me feedback. But the end is a schmuzzle.
Kyle Musca: A lot of it's, like, tonality and stuff. Like, hard to get AI to do it. But cool. All right. Well, I'll let you go.
Meg Tovey: And I'll chat to you very soon. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Bye.


>>> 232/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-29T06:55:45Z | id:97545698
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Yeah. So, booked in, 12, is that total between the two of you?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, we had a bit of a  around people. I had to get my VA to quickly jump into that one because I've been flat out today with errands within around the house. That's the CEO dashboard. Yeah, think it was 12 from last Wednesday to this one.
Kyle Musca: Between the two?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. And, I mean, your ads are performing well cost per lead. Have you read through the conversations to look at the quality of conversations and if people have thought of it?
jese Smith-shields: The conversations, there's still a lot of, like, duds and then it always kind of gets to the point of... They put over the call, and then they kind of either ghost or  go walkabouts, and then she's been booking heaps, but then they'll get like an hour out from the call, and then they'll have to cancel for some unknown reason or whatnot. I am finding that we're getting a lot less ghosting, so it's not like they're waiting all the way up to the call to cancel, because we obviously got that automation from go high level. But it's getting like an hour out when they obviously get that update, and then they're texting in saying that they can't do it anymore.
Kyle Musca: Are you sending the day-before message with Clemaeus?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Have you got that video template to create the pre-call video?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I've already done it.
Kyle Musca: I've already created it. What you might want to do is go back and recreate it. If you didn't say, like when it says make sure to show up, be like, you know, make Make sure to basically show up on time and make sure you just, like, prioritise that actual time. I get, as you see in mind, I get at least one person today that texted me last minute saying that some crazy emergency has happened or once-in-a-lifetime  issues just popped up out of the blue. So, like, at the end of the day, if you can't prioritise, you know, setting aside 20, 30 minutes to get to the rubies, you're probably going to struggle prioritising everything else.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. I can probably go a bit deeper. I did touch on it, but probably not that deep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I did it the same one, and then I was going to recreate it, so I just threw that in there because it's like, if you just, again, it's just an objection handle. Don't come to me saying you've had something last minute  pop up. You know what mean?
jese Smith-shields: Like, maybe. Yeah, think this week alone we've had something like four or five deaths or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it's . And then just be like, you know, me and my team block out that whole hour. And as I say in my video, me and my team block out the whole hour.
jese Smith-shields: So if you just don't show up, it just wastes our time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Or if you cancel like an hour earlier, it just wastes our time.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, no, I'll redo that.
Kyle Musca: I can probably go deeper into it then. Yeah. Like it doesn't have to be anything like  crazy, but like definitely just, yeah, 20, 30 seconds, just basically saying, show up, don't be a cunch, show up.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. No, that's fair. I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Cool. I mean, it says 11 pulls booked and then, I mean, 12 booked and 11 shown up. Like that's still pretty high.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Is that, I mean, that's a high.
jese Smith-shields: That may not be right then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because that.
jese Smith-shields: I may need to touch base with her on this again and we'll get her to re-watch those videos because it does seem like some of her stats are just a little bit off across the board on it.
Kyle Musca: But when you go into, go at my level, you can just filter by. We'll go into the calendar and just quickly count how many calls are actually booked, especially if it's only 12, will take a second. We're also getting very close to being able to do a magic hat as well.
jese Smith-shields: I'm going to tell Clemabe to start. Um, might I just share my screen over, just so you can show me how to do this again?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm just looking real quick. Yeah, so, in the last week, yeah, the last seven days, you've got 57 leads total in there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah, realistically, I'd say you're following. I'll just, we'll have a look at your screen.
jese Smith-shields: Is that sharing over?
Kyle Musca: Try sharing now, I just gave you permission. Yeah, that's good. So go calendar view. And then, yeah, okay, cool. And then just scroll up. So, yeah, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16. Scroll up a little bit more. Oh, 17, 18, 19. So 19 calls booked. And then, obviously, that's including the councils, though. So 19 book. It's more accurate. Now, are these people getting rebooked?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, there is a few rebookings. It seems like a lot of Maria's ones, she gets them to rebook. If she can't sell on the call, she'll try and get them to at least rebook in once they've got like over their finances and everything like that. So a few of these have been rebooked.
Kyle Musca: They're pretty, oh, like in terms of, okay.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, so Sophie was a rebook.
Kyle Musca: What I would do there is I would create a second calendar and just say like, well, use this calendar and then just give it a different color. Yeah. It's easy to filter.
jese Smith-shields: Would that come up with the same automation that, what's her name's done?
Kyle Musca: You just go into automations.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. And then just plug it in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, get automations and then plus, and then it's like, you just add the calendar trigger.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I'll show you now quickly, just so, so go there, go automations, then go to the actual automation one. Appointments? Yeah, yeah. And then, yeah, all you need to do is just, I, I click on the one you're using, then I'll just duplicate.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. That should, should be sweet. Yeah. Come on. If you have any issues, just let me know. That's pretty easy.
jese Smith-shields: So, I'll just stop sharing this one.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, 55% close rate, what are that, six new clients, six new signs? Yeah. So, A lot of that on reoccurring revenue?
jese Smith-shields: No, one of them was weekly because she was a young mother and I wasn't going to try and put across the paid in full, just with the feeling from the conversation. Then the rest were the packages.
Kyle Musca: With ads, still do it. You still want that gasp out of them. Yeah. And then, you know, ultimately, you want to get her to weekly, obviously. Even if she, like, I mean, if she was going to pay more than fantastic, but I would still do it and then just get her weekly.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. So at least try it first.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because you're still working as a price anchor that way, because it's like three and a half thousand. Hey, we can do a hundred a week.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, that's way better. Yeah, that's fair.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Sorry, continue on.
jese Smith-shields: Um, and then the rest were all on packages.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What were the packages?
jese Smith-shields: They range mostly from our middle package. So I got one on the 16-week and then a few on the middle package of three months and then two on the lifestyle package.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Was this a pretty low cash-collected type, like more reoccurring type thing?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. So more of deposit put down and then monthly reoccurring.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. That's good. Like that's, you it's great to have massive  cash-collected weeks, but really we want to stack on that reoccurring revenue more.
jese Smith-shields: So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So happy days there. Do you know the cash-collected total for the week? Is that on the CEO dashboard?
jese Smith-shields: No, maybe it is. Maybe it isn't. I haven't had time to actually look into it. only just sat down into my computer just before. Fft. Na, doesn't look, actually is Fun with that in.
Kyle Musca: Okay, are you putting that on, are you and Mareen putting it on your sheets of the, you know, cash collected and closed?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you want to even just, like, quickly copy it all and then throw it into, like, ChatGPT or something?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. When was our last call? What date was that, you reckon? The 29th, it would have been, .
Kyle Musca: What's the date? second, the second. Let's get with the 22nd. That sounds right. And when you say a lot of duds coming through, like, what do you mean?
jese Smith-shields: Well, Maria had, like, three or four girls get on the call and then basically say they got no... No. No money in their account.
Kyle Musca: Okay. What we could do, let's have a look at your age. So 70% of the girls you're chatting to are older than 21 years old, which is still pretty good. Okay.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it's only coming up with $1,050 for cash collected.
Kyle Musca: Is that accurate?
jese Smith-shields: I feel like, I feel like last week was a reasonably decent week. Nothing like  through the roof, but I feel like it was a bit better than that.
Kyle Musca: I mean, if there was only 1,000 across six. Sales, then you break, don't know if you should be  high if that's the case.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Maybe.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I'll spend a bit of time in that and actually come up with a number for you and send it over.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Have a chat to your VA and stuff because you want to make sure you're getting the numbers accurate and that as well because, like, we'll base decisions around that. Yeah. So it's like, that's incorrect. I'm like,   us up a bit. Cool. Okay. Sick. Now, the main thing we just need to focus on is obviously the challenge stuff. I think what you said the other day was a good addition. So... Okay. So... So... ... Thank All expenses paid trip to Bali for them and a friend. It's not a giveaway. It's a results-driven campaign, rewards, commitment, consistency leading into 31st. Yeah. So one, I definitely think needing to start the challenge sooner just because we market heavily through December or a New Year's challenge.
jese Smith-shields: If it's like end of January, like most people have quit the gym, I just base that off like the timing of when people were actually going back to work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like we want, everyone hits the gym as the New Year's  resolution is like first or second week back.
jese Smith-shields: So it's like we want to capture them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Otherwise, if we do it too late, then all the marketing campaign will be too late. Like we might as well just start that marketing campaign in January at that point because you don't want really anything longer than a month. However, so every week client active coaching plan counts as one entry to the Bali trip. Okay. Resigns the new contract entries.
jese Smith-shields: That was more, that was based around my current clients because my client, my, I was trying to use it as like getting people to commit to contracts over this point in time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, no, that's a good idea.
jese Smith-shields: And then I was just going to have the winner and her friend or whatever their friend is, that would be a tag along with my current clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's actually, yeah, that's a good idea. You go like, hey, I'm running this new challenge for December. Remember, it's actually going to apply for, you know, all current, current clients. If you, you know, you'd be, this is where you'd be tricky around the wording. Yeah. If you agree to say till, you know, March, 2026 is basically what you'd be trying to say. I'd be like, you'd have to.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I came up with a point system. So I came up with like a contract that they would agree to and they can determine like how long. So I did, the least was three months. It went three, six, eight, and then a full year. And then each week was a point. So then this would be based off their points that they get into that sort of trip. Because I always do like an MVP challenge of the month. So I was just going to drag this out as like a big MVP challenge and try to get that back in points. And then there's other ways of getting points into it, like referrals and  like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Yeah, that's a good idea. I'll definitely implement that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. On that as well, have I told you about the three-week onboarding upsell?
jese Smith-shields: No.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Remind me, come back to this. But basically, like every new sign-up I get, I'm going to like reach out to them three weeks later. And basically, that's when we try and upsell them into, you know, if they sign up for three weeks, then we try and sign them for six weeks. Sorry, six months. Three weeks, they should have seen enough results. They're still super motivated. They know that what you do works, but they don't have the confidence to go do it on themselves. Yeah. Yeah. You know saw OK. in I'll sell them there and then, like, oh, do you want to actually go for, you know, six months? And usually it'd be, you know, $1,000 more. But I'll actually just, like, waive that and you can just continue on. That's right.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: I like that idea. Yeah, so that's a good look. If you're trying to wait to, week 8, 9, 10, it's, like, a little bit too late.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, because I was trying to break down, because NeuroEA brought in their new system of, like, your LTV.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: So, was trying to break down. Mine's currently 104 days, which isn't bad, but isn't great either. So, I was looking at ways of trying to increase that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's a good one. But you just treat it as, like, a client success call. Yeah. How you going? How you finding? Good to, yeah, it's probably a bit early to try and get a testimonial from them.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah, you kind of just, yeah, and then lead into it. Like, oh, X, Y, Z, doing a stay around for six months. Yeah, cool. Paid info gets double. That's a good idea. I like that. It does take away the recurring, but...
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I put a ballpark of the whole trip being roughly 15 to 18k.
Kyle Musca: In terms of your expenses?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: .
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's a lot. What's... Is that just flights and accommodation?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Wow. That seems a bit expensive, doesn't it?
jese Smith-shields: For... 8 to 10 people.
Kyle Musca: In total?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, . At that point, you might as well just host the retreat.
jese Smith-shields: Well, that's what I was doing.
Kyle Musca: That's what it is. Yeah. Right.
jese Smith-shields: Were you thinking a trip for them?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was thinking like the winner of the challenge gets that as the normal expenses paid trip to Bali.
jese Smith-shields: How would you get? Yeah, okay. How would you get your current clients into that though?
Kyle Musca: Because they can still win the challenge if they, because you can go off like transformation, but you can also go off like, you know, adherence and  like that. This is the other cool thing you could do, like add on to this as well, is like, you'd have to figure a way to track it. Like every time you share a story, you know, tagging us, you get a point, you get five points or something.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that's what I was trying to come up with that. And how, how they could actually accumulate points. I came up with points, collaborate, a lot of my. Clients like to collaborate posts. It's like social media posts on our Shields Fit page. So that, referrals, and stuff like that to try and accumulate points.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just do that. Because that would still work for your current clients.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't do eight to ten people. You'd find it hard to just eat away at all your profits. What you could do.
jese Smith-shields: What if I was pretty keen on doing this sort of retreat vibe? Obviously, it takes profits out of the margin.
Kyle Musca: I would, what's, what's like your estimated spend for one person for flights and accommodation?
jese Smith-shields: It came at roughly $850 to $1,000 per head, depending on the village.
Kyle Musca: If you're going to do that, I would just  do a high ticket offer. And just say like, this is a... At the end of three months, we're going on  Bali. You know what mean?
jese Smith-shields: So within the new people coming in?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like, so, because that's really not that bad. Because you could just do like, if you're currently selling two grand for three months, just be like, well, it's three grand. You get all that plus, you know, your trips to Bali is sorted for you.
jese Smith-shields: Well, that's what I was going to try and do within the sales point of view. How you try and get your point of view on it is either do you sell that as a challenge or do you sell that into a booked call? And then you try and upsell them into six months, eight months, whatever, and use that as like a sales tactic to try and get them over the top.
Kyle Musca: So I would, I would just sell it as like, at the end of the challenge, the winner, at the end of the challenge, you have the option to come to Bali for our retreat. So that's. Included in the challenge for that set price. And the winner gets an all-expenses-paid trip to Bali for that retreat. Otherwise, if you just want to be a part of the challenge, then it's $1,000 less. Does that make sense?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Because you package that, it's like you get all the customized training, like everything a VIP client gets, plus your flights and accommodation paid for for your trip to Bali by the end of it. So you can, you know,  enjoy your holiday with a great group of people. Obviously, being in peak physical, mental shape, et cetera, et cetera.
jese Smith-shields: Like, that's a  strong offer. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And realistically, like, if it's only  $1,000 max per person, you can do that every three months, man.
jese Smith-shields: That's what I was like, kind of trying to play into. But I would want to try and bring it in, too. I was almost trying to think about it because I got a really loyal... So if I can try and leverage into them being like obviously the weekly recurring, the steady money, then using this as like a quarterly or even like once every six months, advertise it as they kind of pay, they're in the full to try and cover the loss on my end. And then that would be, that would only be one or two people coming from that sort of challenge setting on the retreat sort of vibe.
Kyle Musca: In terms of current clients?
jese Smith-shields: No, the challenge, the new clients. Because I was just kind of setting it as like an in-house challenge within my loyal clients. So now they've, now they would agree to longer terms of contract. That would obviously increase LTV, they'll increase my weekly sort of expenditure and then having the new challenge of the advertisement point, trying to use that. That is like an upsell within the three, six-year sales, saying we've actually got a retreat at X date. If you commit to this now, you go into the chance of winning a fully paid-for trip.
Kyle Musca: I don't think it even really... I just think if you... What, for every client that extends?
jese Smith-shields: To bring them over? Yeah, like, yeah. No, there would be a set amount, and then I'd pick and choose based off that leaderboard score. Or I can basically just pick and choose where I want to go.
Kyle Musca: I would have it as a point. If you're going I would have it as a point scoring system, yeah, where it's based off, you know, things like adherence and, like, how much you actually like them stuff. But, like, yeah, how much did you actually, like, basically how much do they promote your business is how I'd have it.
jese Smith-shields: Which I do have a lot of clients that do really well in that as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because if you've just got someone who's, like, promoting the  out of your business and you've given them even more incentive to do it, that will itself give you a lot of referrals. And then it's, like, if they've promoted you for , you know, three months, six months straight and then it's, like, you've given them a  all-expense-to-pay trip to Bali and they're just, like, promoting even more of that, that's going to draw more people in.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, because I can nearly guarantee if I'm pulling that contract to say, this is how you enter the Bali trip or the Bali retreat, I'll have nearly, I'd say, at least 10 people commit to six to a year in a contract.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would. I would do that. We're getting a little bit not off topic, but like the main thing we want to do is the challenge. Honestly, I think it's a good as a definite option to like get people like extended. I think for the challenge itself, I reckon just whip at a higher ticket package where it's like, you know, whether you just want to cover that cost of the, maybe for the first one, especially just want to cover the expenses of the trip. So, you know, from 2,000 to 3,000. And then like get hype around the retreat, you know, get it all filmed, get plenty of marketing material from it. And then have the winner as an all expenses paid trip to Bali. That's what I would probably do. Because otherwise, if you don't want 8 to 10, you know, 10 to 18 grand, that would just, you know, chew into all your profit margins.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, no, that kind of makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, And then probably be a  huge headache for you as well. But then, and then I would definitely, yeah, have it as like, I would do a point scoring system of, because you got to think about like, it's an expense and it's a good expense because like, obviously it makes a nice, unique service, but you also got to make sure that you're profiting off it at the end of the day because you're a business. Or at least breaking even, you know what mean? Like if you, you know, break even on this, but someone again, promotes the  out of your business and you get, I mean, even one new client from it, but you know,  a couple of new clients from just that loan. it's like that itself was just a paid marketing system or technically with an affiliate system.
jese Smith-shields: Cause I was trying to, trying to differ away from the whole challenge setting. Cause I remember last year it was , every time I opened up my phone, it was a challenge, challenge, eight week challenge. So if I can try to come up with like a big,  you. And then people will be like, what the 's this  doing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that would just. The packaging of it. Unfortunately, challenges are just like a buzzword. People  love challenges. The reason being because it drives urgency and scarcity. You what mean? Like, I have to start by December 20th, right? It's a challenge.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. I mean, like, yeah, it'd still be a challenge setting because obviously that wording and everything works quite well, but try and differ from like how everyone else does it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would just do it.
jese Smith-shields: And like the thing that would differ is just the prizes.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. Because it's like if we're... You know, because we've got a lot of prize options now, right? It's, you know, over $10,000 in cash, in giveaways, including 250 Define, EHP,  keep that pump. Plus the grand winner will win an all expenses paid trip to Bali with them and a friend or something.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean? Because that's... Now you've got a lot of potential for winning and you've got cool actual rewards. I mean, can almost prefer a trip to Bali, like that'd be, you know what I mean?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, does that all make sense?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, no, I like that idea.
Kyle Musca: And then basically with what you're doing, because you come up with a point system anyway, is just, yeah, referrals. I would try and make it seem like, like, again, this is a very small thing, but to me, instead of saying like, 10 for current clients, 5 for new signups, I would try and make it seem like, you know, instead of 10, you know, you get 100 points for a new current client or 50 points.
jese Smith-shields: So it just seems like they're getting more points. Yeah. For like referrals and signups.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And then you get buying options. So 12 weeks, 6 months, 24 months. It depends on how often you're going to be doing these.
jese Smith-shields: Well, was going to try and use this as like a testing ground. And if it works well, obviously double down on it. And you can pretty much just use this as like a high-ticket service.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Differ out from that. Or if it  flops, don't ever do it again.
Kyle Musca: No, I think I've done a, I ran a challenge once where the winner won an all-expenses-paid trip to the Gold Coast. Oh, yeah. Yeah, so that went well. I just marked with the  out of it though, but that went well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then it's sad when you actually have to pay for it, but. Cool, okay. Yeah, and then I would just say like we do one of these every six months to start with on the course. Yeah. Because realistically, people aren't going to  remember. So that's like it. Flops and you never do it again.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Plus two, like, yeah. Yeah. And then 12 weeks, I would just add a zero to all your numbers. 12 weeks, you get 120 entries. For six months, you get 240. For 12 months, you get 520. And then paid-in-full double entries, I like. If it was me personally doing it, I would basically say if you cover at least half. Because then you get the reoccurring revenue.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And then it makes it easier to not. Paid-in-fulls, I don't like, because you have to try and resell them at the end of it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Oh, so you'd prefer to push them on to, like, some sort of reoccurring?
Kyle Musca: I would. Keeps cash flow in the business, which is nice. And then you don't have to resell them at the end.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Painfuls are fantastic, don't get me wrong, but like, just prefer recurring.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then also for like people that do 12 months, there'll be a lot more plausible for them because it's like, again, you could just do, the longer they stay for as well, the Yeah. So this is where I'll just rip out the high ticket offers that I've given, already given you. So the, on the payments sheet, so 2,000 goes to 3,000, 3,000 goes to 5,000, but like you still want to profit. So what I would probably do is I would add, especially just a three-month one, maybe 500 bucks. It's like three, three months is 3,500, but six months is only five grand. Cause one. I'm like, it's the same $800 to $1,000 anyway that you're paying. So it's not like your expenses go up the longer they stay. You're shaving off $1,000 there, but you're still profiting $2,000 from, or $1,500 from what you'd usually do. But then I think $3,500 at that point, they're probably like, might as well just go for six months. So it's like a, I can't remember the wording for it, but it's basically kind of like when you go get popcorn at the movies, right? And the small is like  $4,000, and the medium is like $7,000, but then the large is like $9,000. Yeah. Because the medium is, you you might as well just pay the extra $2,000 and get a large.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that makes sense. You know what mean? Yeah, I know where you're going with that one.
Kyle Musca: I don't know what the wording is for a buck. Yeah, so it's just, yeah, cool. So, but the point system for referrals will be really important there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Anyone who signs up and pays in full. For four months or more before the challenge gets. Yeah, okay. A little bit of access for additional bonus. We now build momentum into January. I would, yeah. So, yeah, basically just starting now, you get, you know, a little bit of a head start. But then I would also include in that, like, the point system still works. So you can actually start racking up points now by just sharing it on your story. And then the re-engaging current clients would be pretty easy as well because you can kind of just go, like, hey, I'm running this challenge. It goes through to March. And you do this in November, essentially. Oh, sorry. Yeah, December. Yeah. Um, at the very start, if you want to jump on that, you'll just continue and use your current rate. Um, and again, you just have to figure the wording out.
jese Smith-shields: So it doesn't sound like it's a contract type thing. I may, I may, I may or may not have already jumped the gun on her and already announced her within client.
Kyle Musca: Oh, nice. Um, okay.
jese Smith-shields: What did you say? Retreat.
Kyle Musca: Well, I would just give them the option. It's a thousand dollars.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Um, so what was the exact wording you already told them?
jese Smith-shields: That, oh, , I'll get up the message. Um, cause I was having, I've been having a fair bit drop off. So this was obviously just trying to get excitement to have people at least hang around until that time in. Um. So So let's go. But then I also dropped in the contract as well to try and get them to re-sign. And I've already had eight people re-sign on a year for that sort of point system. If that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: I mean, if they re-sign for a year, then technically your profit margin should be high enough. That is, as long as they re-signed on the, you know, if they signed up for three months for two grand and they signed up for a year for...
jese Smith-shields: Or most of my current clients and all my loyal clients are on weekly.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but what I'm saying is like, because with the longer it goes, I can't remember on the page. Let me pull it up. So as long as you didn't give them like a technical discount, like you usually would have.
jese Smith-shields: No. Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. So, I'll show my screen. That's a good one. I'll do after that idea. So, let's say, yeah, so 2,000 is the flat rate for three months. So, as long as you, you know, charge 8,000 instead of bringing it down to 6,000, your profit margin is 2,000 higher, which means that you can technically pay for a retreat from them. Yeah. As long as they stick out that time.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You just have to rely on them actually sticking out for that time.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Well, yeah. I brought in an actual proper contract for it. So, I did like your sort of jot form where you did your name, date, address, signature, and whatnot for it. And, yeah, we've already had a fair few tick over just in that. Which might... Most of them were actually already out of contract as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I would maybe add in there specifically for this contract, guess it's contract specific to this, a clause saying like if you want to cancel within that time, you have to pay the difference. You know what mean? Like if you've already paid for the retreat, you have to pay the cost of the retreat.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's what I would probably add if you're going to do that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, but also I wouldn't be picking anyone that I think that would be a donor runner either.
Kyle Musca: I'd be picking my loyal clients. Yeah, but like a year's a long time. Like they could crash their car or something like that. You know what You just kind of have a grandstand about, oh man, like the only way I could actually afford to do that was because you agreed to stay around for a year. As in the contract says, you just have to cover $1,000 or something.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Well, yeah, that's how I normally our contracts work anyway. Trying to get and pay out, but obviously new it. It's a little bit  tricky without actually applying that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So. It's a. Yeah. This is. I would honestly. If you're going to do this, you know, every six months, I would say. I would just. Yeah. I would just run this top tip package and include that in there, man.
jese Smith-shields: This run is off your higher ticket sales.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because that's. If someone said that to me, I'd be like, , I get a full holiday with it as well.
jese Smith-shields: That's pretty  worth it. How would you advertise it when they don't get it?
Kyle Musca: So it's in a way a decoy offer, but it's like a downsell decoy offer. I was like, oh, that's okay if you just want to do the program and stuff, like instead of three grand, it's just 2K. If you were going to front-end advertise it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Which you kind of have to as well.
Kyle Musca: But the challenge you would. Yeah. But if they're like, oh, that's too expensive. Like, oh, that's no stress. Like you can still take part in the challenge and, you know, you still get access to, all the giveaways and the prizes and even like potentially even win a free trip to Bali by just, you know, participating in the challenge.
jese Smith-shields: And that's just 2K. Yeah. Yeah. Probably for the future ones, do it as like a high ticket.
Kyle Musca: So whoever pays gets it. I reckon even for this challenge, because we want to test it. But just whip this out. Whip the 3,000 out. Whip the 5,000 out for six months. So, but that's included in the challenge. You know what mean? Yeah. As an option in the challenge.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay, yeah, I get you. How would you go about advertising this? Because obviously we'd have to jump on it pretty soon.
Kyle Musca: I would say... I mean, I don't even know if we would advertise... I don't know if we'd advertise the fact that there is an option to go to Bali for a paid trip.
jese Smith-shields: think we would advertise that when it gets a free trip to Bali. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man. Like, oh, yeah, that's what I would do. Because that's, again, I would just do that. When it gets a free trip to Bali, costs XYZ of $250 of XYZ. And then, yeah, like, there's actually an option. Like, if you, you know, join on the Emerald package, then you actually get to come and participate in that retreat as well. It covers... There's all your flights and your expenses.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's too expensive. Oh, no stress. Well, you can just still participate in the challenge and get access to everything plus prizes for just 2K.
jese Smith-shields: And then they have to win it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, and I like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And then you might have a separate one for, you know, your clients, for example, that re-sign. Again, if they re-sign for a year at 8 grand, was that the price they re-signed at?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, basically.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Then, yeah, I would include that.
jese Smith-shields: You just, you are relying on them staying around for that one. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But when would you be doing that? When would you, with this one at the end of March?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Because I'd probably want to base it more around my core clients than what I want to, within the challenge clients.
Kyle Musca: Well, to be fair, they would have always... I reckon they'd run it as two separate ones. But to be fair, they would have all had to have been around for at least three months, hey?
jese Smith-shields: The ones that I would choose, some of them have been with me for nearly three, four years.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, no, you've definitely made the profit margins from them, so, yeah, 100%.
jese Smith-shields: That's why I kind of don't have a massive issue doing it for those ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, that's sweet. It's, like, honestly, as long as they've been around for, because, again, it really depends on the expenses, but, like, you're already saving 500 bucks here, so, like, if they've been around, if they've paid you three and a half grand, and then, like, let's just say they're weekly sorry, that's the one, three and a half grand for six months, and let's say that weekly rate doesn't change. Okay. Okay. It depends on, oh, there's so many, like, different.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, there's too many variables to try and map it out.
Kyle Musca: So I can think, will you? So that's... 525. Whereas a year would be 6. Okay. So then minus that, you'd be profiting, like, 4, 4, 2 from. There's so many variables in it. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, that's... wouldn't do it anyone less than 8 months, 9 months. 525. Which I do have, a lot of my core groups have been with me for ages. Yeah, because I was counting up the other day, there's even two members, they've referred over 18 people.
Kyle Musca: Oh, .
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, so now I was trying to do the whole math on that, and I was like, that doesn't make, I'm not doing that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that fit is, man, you want that, you want to know your numbers, so like, for example, six months is $3,500, which means that for, if they extended and doubled that on the same rate, that's $7,000, and then minus that $6,000, so yeah, you're still getting a yearly rate out of that. I would, so you can still do that, but they have to double it. They have to double what they're on. I don't think you could get away with it if they did see. Six months, then continued on for another three months at that six-month rate.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: We definitely wouldn't be up to because just doubling that just covers what it needs to be to get that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, but again, that's where you might want to have a chat to them, you know, even three weeks in. Be like, oh, how are enjoying everything? Oh, well, like, fantastic. Look, if you, you know, wanted to double your time, you'll actually get, I'll throw on a trip to Bali by the end of it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Or I'll, you know, depending on when you speak to them, like if you do it every six months, you know, we've got a trip to Bali coming up in, you know, March, November, whenever it comes around to be. If you double it, I'll actually throw on it, include you in that trip for free. Thank you. You're right. So, yeah. Thank And then, again, it just has to be, and then when they agree to it and, like, pay it, just be like, oh, and, you know, just to be, like, fully transparent, or maybe not even when they pay it, but just to be fully transparent, if whatever happens and you, you know, decide to pull out before then, you just have to cover the expenses that go into the paid trip to Barlow. Sound fair?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, okay, I can see how you work on that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Because, yeah, that's  fair enough. Like, if you're just giving me a paid trip to Barlow and then I don't agree to my side of the deal, I just have to do it, right? Yeah. But that's a good idea, for sure.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah, sweet. Advertisement within that, advertise it as a challenge, the winner wins, XYZ within the Defiant, keep that palm, EHP, and one person gets it, all expenses paid.
Kyle Musca: And for a Bali trip. Yeah, I think in terms of advertisement, like, it'd be pretty easy to include that. We'd basically keep the scripts as they are and just add on. And the grand winner will get an all-expenses-paid trip straight to Bali.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And you just add it on.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Would you use that as, like, a bit of a hook instead, though?
Kyle Musca: I would probably throw it in there now. Like, remember when I did mine, I remember, like, you know, would you like to lose, I can't remember the exact word, but, like, would you like to lose 10 kilos and win an all-expenses-paid trip to the Gold Coast? Well, you're in luck, because I just launched my new 2026  glow-up challenge or whatever you call it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, I'll you about the official life, five months. Five, nines in Bali, if we paid for taking. I mean, you don't say it's actually free there for age 12.
jese Smith-shields: No, I don't.
Kyle Musca: And you'll probably be taking it to 12 people if you start selling that higher ticket package for the thing. Plus, two people aren't going to remember that, to be honest, either way. And if you've already got eight people that are re-signed, like you've already  got it.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you've already fulfilled on that anyway. Yeah, cool. Does that all make sense?
jese Smith-shields: Everything we've spoken about? Yeah, a little bit, yeah. Just we would have to restructure those scripts.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. It can't be too much restructuring at all. It'll just be adding that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. The video setting, do you just want them similar to, like, our last video ads?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Maybe try some in gym.
jese Smith-shields: Maybe try some on the beach as well. yeah. Yeah, okay. I'll book him for next week. When do you want all that done by?
Kyle Musca: Not in a massive rush. Mid-November, ideal.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We'll also want to probably start filming, like, final day's content as well. We'll get this cool stuff done. And then it's, you know, you need the, like, last chance, because what we'll do is a retarget ad for them. Yeah. We can watch, like, 25% of the video or something. It's, like, final days.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. So, that's... That's good.
Kyle Musca: Commence for the odds. Experience trying to stand up in charge. Yeah, cool. Yeah, as I mentioned, definitely want to bring that forward a bit. Bounce can buy and resign. I'm good. I would keep it, you know, it would be the same retreat, but I would just do a client, new sign-up client one slash challenge, and then like loyalty rate one's different.
jese Smith-shields: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I mean, because it's like, it's pretty much the same concept. One's just a re-sign, one's an actual sign-up. Yeah. One's more like, more price, like increase in price, whereas the other one's increase in duration.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, I gotcha.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, cool.
jese Smith-shields: Then the live announcement, we're still well off doing this, but when it comes, like, I would actually give them a call and, like, get someone to record you. Yeah, yeah. I wouldn't do it, like, an actual live on Instagram. It would just be a phone call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then record it and stuff. Yeah. So, yeah, I mean, everything else is pretty much good, and we just need to include on that little, you know, grand prize-winning edition.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Sounds good.
Kyle Musca: Super. And then I would also definitely, definitely look at, even from now, just using it as an upsell.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Just increasing the money or not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like three grand. I'll include a trip to ball. All Or you could just go, I would probably do three and a half for three months for that, if you're going to start.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because, you know, again, you want to, one, you want to incentivize them to stick around longer, but two, like, it's not really worth the extra work if they're not, you're not really profiting anymore, I guess. Yeah. You get more people at Red Tree, which is cool. But anyway, cool man. If you have any questions, let me know. Is there anything else you want to touch base on at all?
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. All right, cool. I'll get those scripts adjusted for that, and then we can start filming next week, would be good.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that'd be sweet.
Kyle Musca: Sick, bro. Cool, man. Well, enjoy the rest of that.
jese Smith-shields: I'll chat to you soon. You too.
Kyle Musca: Have a good one.
jese Smith-shields: Bye.


>>> 233/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-30T05:01:28Z | id:97883881
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Callum Hinze: How you going? Hey, good.
Kyle Musca: How are you? Good. Good.
Callum Hinze: How's New Zealand? Yeah, good. It's colder, right?
Kyle Musca: I can imagine.
Callum Hinze: When did you just got back recently, did you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I got back on Tuesday.
Callum Hinze: Good morning. Are you back at the same place you were at before?
Kyle Musca: No, I'm still in Miami for the month.
Callum Hinze: I've just got an Airbnb. I'll do. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Callum. Well, we'll grip in, man. We don't have heaps of time. How's this week been going overall? Was it like a general oversight?
Callum Hinze: It's been a quieter one. There hasn't really been any calls booked in. It's been my availability just has been shorter because of travel. And Jake's been away. He's been booked out for half the week. I think he's traveling or something as well. So whether or not there's not many actual leads coming in or if it's just they haven't been able to book in, but there hasn't really been any that have come through at all in terms of bookings, reclimate.
Kyle Musca: Okay. That's strange. Have you read through the conversations and stuff to see what's happening there?
Callum Hinze: I've read through a few, but not for the last couple of days, which I need to follow up on.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, let's have a look.
Callum Hinze: I'm wondering if was like, if there wasn't availability for bookings, I'm assuming Klamet would have let me know. So maybe it's just that people aren't really following through. But there honestly hasn't been quite as many messages, I don't think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it seems to be a weird time period for a lot of people as well. Like my, the start of the week was quite good for me, and then it's just like quietened down heavily over the last day or two. So, yeah, possibly getting to the end of October type thing.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, looking down, there's just a lot of messages that haven't, like they've initiated the conversation, there's been a little bit, and then it hasn't really gone anywhere. They've just sort of been left.
Kyle Musca: Let's have a look here. I don't know what's happening there. I think many chat, many... Let me duplicate that because that's not right. Because main show was doing this to me and a couple of other counts as well, where the data wasn't coming. Oh, can you make sure we turn this on for sure? I don't know why this is off, but... What is it? Did you turn these off, or were these just...
Callum Hinze: Nah, I haven't touched it.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's weird. They'll just have a bulk turn-on option. Did Vaughn send you through those ads so you could upload them to Google Drive?
Callum Hinze: He sent them, but I haven't actually opened the email yet. I think he started through yesterday. Where's Vaughn?
Kyle Musca: Vaughn. Yeah, so hopefully we see... What happens there, just because... Oh, could I just done that? That would be easier. Yeah, another change I've made this week is... Again, it's kind of hard to see because you're not getting... That data wasn't pulling through properly.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because that data wasn't pulling through properly, but what I've done on mine, I don't know if you want to add this, is instead of asking their age, I changed it to like, just so I can tailor things to you and your schedule, what best describes your current situation, working for a time student versus not working at all. Yeah, do you want to, do you want to do that?
Callum Hinze: I think that would be better, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. I wonder if I can share a certain part of the thing. Even my prick. Oh. I Yeah, and let me drive this. Um, do you want to say working part-time or do you want to say student slash apprentice?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, let's go student slash apprentice because a lot of those ones are popular, That can't afford it.
Kyle Musca: Just...
Callum Hinze: We've just added that folder of ads from the ad folder.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful.
Callum Hinze: Let's actually upload it here.
Kyle Musca: So there's different ways you can about this, conversion API, tag, tag, what's time? So there's different ways you can go about this, right? One is, so that's just like normal. Now, on my one, I just tag them with student-apprentice, but then for this, I get them to try and sell by chat.
Callum Hinze: chat. chat. that.
Kyle Musca: If that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it makes sense. So I don't know if you want that. I do have the script for it, though. For that, I just did $19 a week, completely passive program.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. So what we need to do here is copy... ...get rid of that. Let's do that.
Callum Hinze: If I just send that script through declamation, you'll know what to do with that as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but there's, um, on it, you have to... Change, like, certain things around, so just the links, mainly. Okay, I'll do that. And obviously the sign-up link as well, unless you want them signing up to mine, which you can do if you want. But basically, I did, like, a loom, just, like, running through the program, what it looks like on the inside, so it shows them what they get. There, and then, easy, bro, unfortunately, everything we do is custom build. Oh, that's fine. And then, we'll just use this as your low ticket. Gotcha. Yeah, okay. That should be sweet. Cool, that should be fine. Now, what are we doing? coming in. And new messages. So Brent looks like he's been booked in.
Callum Hinze: What was that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Tuesday, was it? A day ago, yeah. Tuesday.
Callum Hinze: then last message was a day ago, so 28th. Does it say what he was booked for?
Kyle Musca: Wednesday at 8 or 10?
Callum Hinze: Would that be next Wednesday? Oh, Brent, yeah, he cancelled at the last minute, actually, yesterday.
Kyle Musca: Oh. Nothing holding me back. So they haven't replied to this. Why hasn't she? Zeatoid. No follow-up done here.
Callum Hinze: When was he booked for?
Kyle Musca: Um.
Callum Hinze: 1 p.m.
Kyle Musca: Today I work for you, so what's that? The 27th.
Callum Hinze: Monday? Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Does this fire often?
Callum Hinze: It's every now and then.
Kyle Musca: Basically, where I can help assist to be a client, essentially. Assist to be a client. I'm ready for the sign. Okay. Depends what... I'm not looking for that now, but... No follow-up here.
Callum Hinze: They need to follow-up a little better. When was that, Monday?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Monday. Guys, just an Indian. No follow-up here on Mark when the call has been presented.
Callum Hinze: How many days ago was that, four days ago?
Kyle Musca: Four or five days ago, yeah. I mean, nothing too out of the ordinary. just seems like a bit of a lower lead flow recently.
Callum Hinze: So it's not going to be the fact that mine and Jake's calendar has been less booked.
Kyle Musca: It just says less coming through, hey? Yeah, it seems like it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I've told Clemator to start putting me in some more for calls. Yeah, perfect. So I'm assuming, yeah, I'm assuming. Do you mean that? It's just the fact there's been less good leads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, for some reason it seems that this week has gone up quite a bit, which happened.
Callum Hinze: Is it just a season thing, do think?
Kyle Musca: Could be because it's like the end of the month, yeah, maybe. I also think it's time to do a magic hat trick as well, except for the month, if you haven't already there. But, I mean, this one's starting to creep up, but I managed all these this morning, and then we got all those new ones. So what I might do is I'll start playing around and turn a few more on, and limiting some spend on some of these as well, because that one's actually pretty good. Like, yeah, you've had still a good amount of messages coming through that one particularly.
Callum Hinze: That one's definitely creeped up a lot this last week. For the magic hat thing, would it be just non-converted leads from just this month?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, but I would do it for, instead of just doing it for qualified leads, I would do for tag, IG ads, all leads.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, hey bro, every single month I do a giveaway for anyone who's inquired about coaching. Must be a lucky day because, you know, you've got it.
Callum Hinze: If we go off those IG ads or leads, that like automatically, like non-include those that have signed?
Kyle Musca: Nah, so you've got to filter who's signed. Yep. So just get a, like, do you have a list of?
Callum Hinze: I've got a list of all scheduled calls, but not all like leads. Like all.
Kyle Musca: Oh, well, if you've been filling out that closer sheet, you can just make a list of that and just say don't message anyone that says closed.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: If you've got that. Otherwise, I'm not sure if Newey has it, so you can go in there and say, like, filter by anyone who's signed up since, you know, September 30th, for example. Yeah. Ideally, you'd want to get a CSV. Ideally, you'd want to get a list together of whoever signed up for the month to send a comment, because you certainly don't want her messaging someone who has signed up.
Callum Hinze: Like, hey, man, you've won a $500 all about you. can put towards coaching, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Could, does she have access to do that via, she's got access to My Girl High Level A, so she could even text them rather than Instagram via that number?
Kyle Musca: She could, but I would keep it native on Instagram, because otherwise it would be coming from a random number.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, true, true, true.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So I would just give her a message straight through Instagram.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that should hopefully generate a New calls, and then you've got those new ads. Let me make a note of that quickly. Okay. Still a good cash collected week, though.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. It was nice just having a few renewals, which is good.
Kyle Musca: And then, have you kind of got a bit of an idea around the challenge details and stuff like that?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Pretty much just what we went through last week. We'll start that, what, pushing it from December? What else do need to do for that? Let's just do some ads up for it. But I feel that little thing you sent. Did I send that back to you, the little detail thing?
Kyle Musca: I don't I don't know if you need to.
Callum Hinze: Just a little copy paste.
Kyle Musca: If I did, would have sent it on Fathom.
Callum Hinze: And then we were just talking about the prize pack and stuff. I'd just have to reach out to Define and then any HP.
Kyle Musca: When do you get back?
Callum Hinze: Back on Sunday, and then I'll be back for a couple of weeks and then head off again.
Kyle Musca: Okay, cool. So we'll aim to get this film probably next week, starting the film before we head away. Okay, cool. Have you made much progress on the e-book stuff?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, it's mostly done. I just keep going back and forth with it all. It's not perfect yet. It's pretty much there. It's just as little things I need to sort of just skim through and fix up, but I need to actually hurry up and get that done. I'll try to have that done by the end of the week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, why you got a little bit like less? Core volume and away and everything like that.
Callum Hinze: You might as well just try and smack it out quickly. Yeah, I might actually jump on that tomorrow and finish it up. It's pretty much there. just want to, they're just little things. I want to make it better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Is it looking, how many pages roughly?
Callum Hinze: Oh, I didn't even check. It's still in like the chat GBT format. I haven't documented it yet. So I don't know how many pages, but it's long, which is why it takes forever to dive into. Oh, right. Yeah. The thing is with, when you're deep, deep research, it just obviously takes forever to load up, doesn't it? And then I always, I'm doing something else to come back, but I'll, I'll try and get that sort of tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Beautiful. Yeah. Cause I'll be keen to just like test that out as well. We kind of got a small window of like November, just trying to test that out properly. So like the sooner we get it done, the better.
Callum Hinze: I'll probably take a, I'll take a few more calls once I'm back for that little two week period.
Kyle Musca: And then probably December as well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Cause I went, I, I. I told you I had a chat with Jake, and I was just going to give him this week to see how he goes, but he's always been away half the week, so I can't really review his stuff, because he hasn't really had any availability to get stuff booked in. He did sign one guy Monday, but other than that, he's been pretty much away.
Kyle Musca: What offer did he sign him on?
Callum Hinze: Top tier as well. Okay, that's all right. It was good. I think he just needed a bit of a word. So as long as the word we had is enough to sustain him, and it's not just a short-term burst of motivation, we'll see. But if he's, yeah, I think he's back Monday. If he's not up to scratch by midweek next week, I'll just take it myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect. Okay, hopefully the ads start pushing a bit. They've got a new update, so ideally, they seem to be swaying towards more volume, so as many ads you can film as possible, the better. Yeah. Yeah. How are you, like, just talking straight to the camera, do you reckon, without a script?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Good. I'm good at it. I'm just not the best at formulating ideas of what to actually talk about. But what I've got, like, in front of me, I enjoy it.
Kyle Musca: As in, like, a full script or just points?
Callum Hinze: I like dot points, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Because I just sat down today and I just kind of did, like, Physique Factory ones where I was like, you know, we kind of how we scripted them for you, but just without scripted. I found it pretty easy. Like, I was doing, like, one every 10 minutes. I'm just sitting down. Like, you know, we've helped thousands of guys in the best shape of their life. You know, the differences between you and them is they actually made a decision to join, et cetera, et cetera.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. No, I'm great at that stuff if I've got some, like, formulated points to, like, prompt my words.
Kyle Musca: Without it, I'm lost. But if I have it, I'm good. Yeah, okay. Well, I reckon over this next month or so specifically, I reckon just go, like, really hard on filming all the ads we need. So, ideally, what we'll do is... We'll get the challenge ones done first, so they are ready. Sorry, jet lag's getting me. Just so they are ready. And then I reckon if we can get the e-book done, then like straight after that, we start filming some ones just purely for the e-book and trying to bring in leads that way. Yeah. And then probably after that, we'll film the like final day sort of ads. So like, you know, less than one week left, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Callum Hinze: I did actually just, I got the edited testimonial ad video things back as well.
Kyle Musca: have to attach those. Oh, yeah. Perfect. Yeah. Let me know when you upload those to the Google Drive and I'll get them uploaded too.
Callum Hinze: Ads folder as well?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. I think there's like seven that I have at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Um. Yeah. The other thing you can do for the testimonials, I'm not sure if we've spoken about, but you can just get on a Zoom call like this, and you just start asking them, like, loaded questions. Like, you know, what's been the biggest win you've had since joining? You know, and they start going on, like, yeah, I've lost 20 kilos, and I'm, like, happier than I've ever felt. Okay, and, like, what's been the biggest difference between, you know, from where you started to where you are right now? Oh, man, like, you know, and then they obviously go into, like, more detail about how much it's actually changed their life and how easy everything is.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay, that can work.
Kyle Musca: And then it just, like, looks nice and authentic as well, because it's just a nice one-to-one conversation, so they can see that you actually, like, speak to the guys in the team.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yeah, okay, that's natural.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then you, like, just mark it up as a, like, just a check-in call, basically.
Callum Hinze: Basically just a nice chat. Okay, crazy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing I was thinking about doing as well is, like, running, like, an incentive to keep guys on over that Christmas period. So, like, if we're going to run this challenge basically saying, like, you're opening the doors for the guys in the team to join it as well, they just have to agree to stick around to the end of March.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But then they go into the draw to win, you know,  $8,000 worth of prizes, for example. And then having it as a tiered system, you need to do the whole challenge as a point system or just having it for those guys as a point system, saying, like, every time, you know, you do a check-in, it's 100 points. Every time you, you know, tag me on your stories, it's 50 points. If you add a feed post and tag me, it's 100 points. If you refer a friend and they join, it's 500 points. You know what mean?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, pretty simple. And then they wouldn't have to pay anything extra to join us, just join in.
Kyle Musca: Do you? Yeah, you just continue on your normal rate. You just have to, yeah, agree to stay around until the end of the discussion.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's pretty easy. Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: No, and then, depending on how you want to go about this as well, because, like, you could do a, you could even throw a trip in there or something like, you know, a trip to Bali or something that's worth, like, $1,000 worth of planes and the accommodation and stuff.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah, I'd say why not, hey.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I was talking to someone about this the other day. What would actually be cool if you wanted to do, like, kind of a retreat-style thing is you could sell, like, the higher ticket package for, you $3,000 or $3,500, let's say, for three months. But they get all the coaching inclusive in that, plus a free trip to Bali by the end of it to incentivize it.
Callum Hinze: And that's just, like, number of winners or whatever?
Kyle Musca: Um. Um, well, depends on how you want to run it. Cause like you could run this basically year round if you wanted to, everyone that gets on a call. It's like, yeah, we've got this package, which is three and a half thousand for three months or it's 5,000 for six months. So ideally you want to get on on the six month option. Yeah. Cause you profit more. Um, but it's basically the exact same as your core offer right now.
Callum Hinze: The only difference is you include a holiday to Bali on top of it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I see why not.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Callum Hinze: So that's an option. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But obviously they've got to, you know, pay the difference. Don't run a negative on it. Um, but that's why I say three and a half thousand. Cause if it's like a thousand dollars for the flights and the accommodation, then, you know, you're still profiting 500 there. If they do 5,000, you know, usually it's 1500. Again, you're still, you're profiting, sorry, 30, 3500. You're still profiting. We're an extra $1,500 there.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You mean?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's what I think about.
Kyle Musca: So, because that way you don't actually have to pay the coach anymore either. Like, usually for my high ticket, I have to pay my coach like $50 per week for a client on that. So it's like over 10 weeks, that's $500. I mean, that's still better than, you know, obviously paying them a full holiday. So, but in saying that, like, you know, a full holiday sounds better than, you know, extra check-ins and .
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's true. Yeah, okay. That's actually some good ideas. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I think the biggest thing for now is, well, I'm trying to get that e-book done while you're there. I'll play around with the ads. Otherwise, you know, I'll limit one of the spends on that, that one that's spending a little bit higher on, and I'll get some new ones uploaded in there. And then... Get those ad scripts done so we can film those and get them prepped and ready.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. All right. Sweet. Do you find that's pretty common every now and then? It's just a seasonal up and down of, I guess, lower results with the ads and stuff? Because this is, I think it's been the only week really where it's been this low like ever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you can. It's also, I would say, probably to do with Meta's update. I also find a lot of people are running ads right now, which is annoying. I think everyone has just decided to, you know, they think ads is the  solution, which obviously just, you know, drives up the, because basically how that works is like you go into an auction to, you know, get people's attention and whoever's willing to essentially pay more than they obviously win. So if someone, if a bunch of people just start running ads and , then you're obviously auctioning a lot more, but I guess in... Saying that because they don't know how to actually run ads and they don't know how to structure the offer and everything like that. usually doesn't last too long before they like, you know,  run out of money and kind of continue it on because they're not making anything from it.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's a bit of a, there's a few different reasons it could be, but it could definitely just be seasonal as well. I've noticed a little bit of a drop, especially the last couple of days. But I think if you run the magic hat trick for, you know, the last month or so, it should get you some, a couple of calls booked and everything like that.
Callum Hinze: But yeah, I'll get on that then. We'll get on that. Okay, cool, cool, cool. So ebook, finalize the ads when I'm back and then, yeah, have the ads pick up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then getting the scripts ready for filming next week while you're back.
Callum Hinze: All right, cool, cool. Easy stuff. Also, yeah, with Liam, with prices and stuff. I'm assuming you've had like coaches. Yeah. The stuff you've worked with in time, asking about their split, their percentage and that sort of stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So basically what I mentioned in that message, one, just explain to the fact that it's like, yeah, you know, it is technically $160 a week, man. But like I'm spending over $3,000, again, you're not, but just say you're spending over $3,000 a week in ads just to get him clients. Obviously there's, you you're paying him $1,200 for essentially part-time work where he can do it anywhere in the world, anytime, as long as their check-ins get done on time. And he doesn't have to deal with any of the  parts of the business. Like he just focuses on coaching and doing what he loves and you take care of all the  conversations that he doesn't even need to worry about. But you may want to give him a price upgrade to, you know, $25,000 and $30,000, I think, from what you're paying him now. But that's kind of the ceiling of what I would pay him. Like I wouldn't. I wouldn't get in, you if he asked for anything more after that, but basically, no.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah, that's fair. He's doing a good job. So if he wants more, I want to make him happy, but at the same time, it's like there's only so much that can warrant giving, covering other expenses and stuff.
Kyle Musca: And just given the ultimatum, man, like I can, you know, we can look at increasing your pay a little bit. But to be honest, like, you know, I'm going to have to pull back on marketing to afford that, which means, you you're going to get less clients and overall less pay. Yeah. So it just depends on, you know, do you want to work with clients and actually help change people's lives or would you rather a few more dollars in your pocket after a paycheck, you know, whatever.
Callum Hinze: Are those, like, prices I'm paying you per client, are they still pretty realistic? That's on par with what's pretty common?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, per main, like $2.50 extra, but I've had them for ages and I've, you know, gone through those price upgrades with them.
Callum Hinze: What's your average weekly rate per coach?
Kyle Musca: $25 for lower ticket and $30 for...
Callum Hinze: Hi, it's a core offer. Okay, yeah. I'll refer back to him and say, this is pretty much the standard going around as well, so he knows.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's, yeah. But any actual coaching business, like some, you know, obviously there are some coaches that get paid more, but they have like 10 clients and they make 600 bucks a week. Yeah. And so it's like, can't afford to grow.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, yeah. I'll make sure, I've sent him a good message today, sort of explaining it to him, so I'll wait for him to come back. I was a bit worried about it, I don't want him to just flake off and think he can get a better rate somewhere else.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I don't reckon he will. Yeah, it's a lot harder than, well, one, he'd have to go grow his own, like, company or, you know, rely on someone else who's doing well to bring him on and they're usually pretty already set, so.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Come on. All right, I've got to jump on another call, but anything else you want to run over at all?
Callum Hinze: Nah, all crazy. I'll get to work on that e-book and stuff and get it all nice.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Perfect, man. Awesome. I'll chat to you soon and enjoy the rest of your trip. Will do, will do. Thanks again for jumping on. No worries. See you, man. Bye.


>>> 234/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-30T06:31:17Z | id:97888378
People: Kyle Musca

alexconnors: This meeting is being recorded. Recording in progress.
Kyle Musca: How you going?
alexconnors: Goodbye, what's going on?
Kyle Musca: Ah, skidding through the day, have you, sir?
alexconnors: Yeah,  pretty all the same here. How was it over there in sunny Dubai?
Kyle Musca: Well, I'm back on the God Quest now.
alexconnors: Oh, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I got back on Tuesday, so just trying to get back into it.
alexconnors: Nice. How long are back for?
Kyle Musca: staying? I'm just here for a month and then head off again.
alexconnors: Yeah, nice. Yeah. To Dubai again or Thailand?
Kyle Musca: We're going to Canada for the snow season, which will be pretty cool. And then probably go to Thailand, probably settle in there, I reckon.
alexconnors: Yeah. Yeah. Pardon?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Cool. Well, we'll rip into things.
alexconnors: How's this week gone as like a general oversight? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I guess, how many calls did you guys get booked, I guess, total?
alexconnors: Well, let me strictly check the answer. I didn't do your champion form, I'm sorry. No, it's okay. I did three, and I signed two or three, did guys?
Kyle Musca: Okay, that's good.
alexconnors: They obviously came organically. Yeah. I had six, three from the ads, three organic. I signed three organic, not from the ads. One came from the last minute. And then I didn't get two of them.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah, so the ads are just digging up.
alexconnors: Hard to sell. I guess do you know where they came from organically? Oh, that comes from cross-sectional.
Kyle Musca: Do you know where they came from organically?
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah. So one was a client's husband, one was an old person I used to work with, like just all people that I knew, and then one was one that Alex has got for me.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Have you guys been doing the, like, story CTAs and stuff like that?
alexconnors: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I haven't really had any luck with them, but I'm just happy to accept them as a slow burn. Go on. The, my stuff's just come through a couple of referrals. One, two referrals. Oh, one, I sort of g'd up when I was at one of the NABBA shows. So I guess I just, I'll call that a referral. What the  is that? Wash machine. And the third one was, I did. In the gym. So, yeah, mine have all sort of been, like, just, yeah, as I said, pretty organic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay. I see that video you did of the reaction did pretty well.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah, it didn't do too bad. And then I posted one yesterday with this young kid that's a young influencer. He works with power subs. I trained with him yesterday and we posted a video and, , that went off his head too, man. So, yeah, it's a mic'd up session type thing or what was that?
Kyle Musca: Sorry, dude? Was it mic'd up session or what was that?
alexconnors: Yeah, mic'd up session. We didn't really do a great deal of talking in the video that we released so far. It was just training, but a little bit of talking. But we'll be doing some, I think there's a fair bit of talking stuff that's been covered as well. So that'll go out in the next sort of few days to the week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay, gotcha. Okay, cool. So, yeah, I would just say just be one really constant with the CTAs. Like, again, that will take... Time to pick up. then probably just, yeah, I mean, doing that green screen type video, I clearly, you know, paid off. I would just go  ham on getting that style of content while keeping up with your educational style of content because there'll be good contrast. Like you've got content that is more geared to go viral and you've got educational value-driven content that's like once they come on, they actually see that you're, you know, an actual established coach and everything like that as well.
alexconnors: Yeah. I was actually going to quickly pick your brain as well, man. So in relation to like, for example, so this young kid that I did that reel with yesterday, so he works for PowerSupps and he's sponsored by PowerSupps and he's starting to go viral on Instagram. He's that. He's only got like 23,000 followers, but he's , he seems to be pretty well red hot. He's only 18 years of age and he's been doing like all these  crazy lifts and he just went and trained in, and now I'm California. California. With Larry Wheels, they haven't released the video yet, but that'll go out soon as well. And Blair, who owns Power Supps, has asked me, like, essentially hinted at me to, like, sponsor him and coach him. And I won't do anything for free, but I was considering doing him a little bit cheaper than usual. But my question is, like, he's like, he's 18 years of age, dude. So what's his, you know, like, while he's got plenty of reach, is it really going to be the type of inquiry that's going to benefit us? Because those kids are going to have  all money.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so this is going down the route of, like, affiliate marketing, which can work really, really well if you get the right clientele for it. So I would take him on for, you know, a reasonable kind of rate, but then just make sure that there are, you know, certain...
alexconnors: Expectations.
Kyle Musca: Expectations. It's like, That's the post you on the store at least three times a week, tagging you, et cetera, et cetera, right? So basically just by association, then you become the guy that people go to, you know what I mean? If he's doing crazy lifts, does he, who, what's his name?
alexconnors: Tom Sandy. Bring him up on your page if you want.
Kyle Musca: We'll have a look.
alexconnors: It's Tom.S-T-E-N House. Oh, Stan House. Sorry, yeah, my bad. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, he gets good engagement and stuff as well. Yeah, I would honestly take him on and just be like, yeah, I'm happy to coach you and stuff. You just got to tag me on your stories and everything like that.
alexconnors: Yeah. and I'm to coach I'm you you and you and I'm I'm I'm
Kyle Musca: Is he natty or not?
alexconnors: Just when enhanced.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I mean, it depends what age is.
alexconnors: He's got like a lot of 18-year-old followers, you know. But then I said to Tash, I was like, maybe that's worst-case scenario. We smash those young kids with our low-ticket thing and just start banking some reoccurring ... Revenue on that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, you can always have something like that for sure. But essentially, you just establish yourself as the pinnacle, you know. You train him. And then, like, you could even get, you know, he's obviously got a group and stuff.
alexconnors: So, you know, if you get two or three of them on and you're just constantly, you know, they're just sharing you around and they're  obviously looking crazy.
Kyle Musca: I would also use it as a really good way to do... Um, like if were starting to train him, I would really  pump the  out of these types of videos where you kind of talk about it.
alexconnors: So similar to the one you did, uh,  too many tabs going on here now.
Kyle Musca: So similar to the green screen when you do, right? Yeah. Um, but you basically talk on a certain point, you know what mean? Like, so I don't know if you've seen these, but exactly what these are. speak about is how much bigger you, extremely complex, one thing I never hear anyone speak about is how much bigger you look the leaner you are, which kind of goes against the grain because you think that the heavier you are, the bigger you look, but that's the furthest thing from the truth. And the reason for that is because when you're leaner, your muscles. It's obviously going to be more defined, which creates the illusion that you look much larger than you are.
alexconnors: Like, if you take a look at one of my clients, Jack, there's only a seven kilo difference between these two photos, yet he clearly looks a lot bigger in this image than he does in this image.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I mean, so you talk about a certain point, and then you, like, bring up your client as a represent, like, as an example. Yeah. But really, all you're doing there is, like, showing that you can get guys' crazy transformations.
alexconnors: Yeah, cool, all right.
Kyle Musca: But, you know, I I would do these kind of content a lot for you specifically, and you can even work these as ads. You know what mean? Like, basic, go have a look at, you know, these ones I've done, and then just be like, look, if you want to achieve results, like, you know,  heated, shoot me the word, you know. Whatever. Yeah.
alexconnors: Apex or something like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then it's like, we can just turn that on as an ad.
alexconnors: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Thank Thank Yeah, because again, that's all the content your account clearly likes in terms of, that was a collaborative one, I assume. Yeah. Yeah, so.
alexconnors: And that was only last night, so that's like, that's probably still going to keep climbing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So one thing I'd do with these is try and have it as like, nice, natural lighting where it doesn't like, pick up things in the background like that.
alexconnors: As in the, the glare.
Kyle Musca: Yes. One, the, because it's like a bit shaded on the face, like you did kind of don't, you always want nice natural lighting. So like, kind of like looking out the window or something almost. Yeah. And then try and have nothing in the background, so it's just you on the green. I didn't notice that. Yeah. And then with these, what I do, I wonder if I can pull up, I'll pull up my phone, but. Yeah. Basically, kind of just like... All jokes aside, he would get more bang for buck by sticking that foam roller over his head. Whatever happened to the basics, the basics work. Yeah, perfect. Wait, did I watch another one?
alexconnors: I think you were going to say cut out the gaps.
Kyle Musca: After I spoke to you, I trimmed it more. Oh, perfect. Yeah, I was like, I swear I watched something else. But yeah, exactly. Exactly like that.
alexconnors: So it just makes it really nice and quick.
Kyle Musca: Sharp, yeah. The only other thing I'd do as well is just add the captions onto it. Because like, I think it's like 70% of people watch videos without sound on.
alexconnors: Yeah, oh yeah.
Kyle Musca: So just like add the captions just down here as well. And then sometimes like what I like to do, especially if I'm not going to bring up another green screen, is I'll add a title at the top there so it kind of acts like a thumbnail.
alexconnors: Oh yeah, okay, gotcha.
Kyle Musca: So kind of like this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Woo Um, if I'm, if I bring up the green screen again, which I like doing just to keep the eye really nice engaged and I won't add it, but yeah. Yeah.
alexconnors: Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, gotcha.
alexconnors: So you'd have just paused over like his, um, the last, um, like the last part of that video, just pause that other video and then talk over the top of that video, would you?
Kyle Musca: I would talk like you have here where it just cuts to you and nothing on there, but then if I want to point at something on the screen, I would screenshot that part and then bring it back up as a green screen.
alexconnors: Again, just to keep the eye really engaged.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So cuddling this one. All right. So again, it's a nice natural lighting just to make it really nice and clear on the face. Yeah. And then it doesn't really matter what I say, but so it's like how you have there, just normal. Talking, but then I bring up a green screen again to keep the eye. Really engaged because now I'm like pointing at things so people keep looking and keep engaged. Yeah, absolutely. So that's a really handy like little trick is like the more times you can point to things and like show things, like show, actually show things, keep things nice and engaged. And this applies to both of you as well. So like Tash, if you want to do this kind of content as well, I would definitely, definitely recommend it. And then because if you're doing that, you know, those you can get really good at. Like, again, I can bang out like nine and probably an hour and a half max.
alexconnors: So you can get a lot of them very  quickly. Or just two hours and an hour and a half to do one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it gets better at time. I also like getting really highly caffeinated for them. But, you know, if you can do that and then, you know, have these ones as like your educational ones, you could easily be doing like almost two posts a day really.
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And then, like, volume with content is, you know, very important, especially with where you're at. Like, if you paired those two up, and then someone who is actually quite good at doing volume of, like, nothing crazy in terms of, like,-driven content, but it's just, like, great to show up to Zeke and everything like that. It's something like what Harry's doing. And he just pumps, like, I think he's doing, like, two posts a day or something like that. And it's just, I don't know what this one is specifically, but this one's got, oh, that's a photo.
alexconnors: Is that a photo? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You do not have to wait for anyone. You just have to get going and do your thing. And once you get there, you just keep maintaining them, because I believe everyone's winging it. There's nothing. Nothing more you can do, but one thing I've never... Yeah, man, like, it's just clips you're working out. Not a huge fan of doing them, like... I'm not a huge fan of shitposting. Like, it has to be value-driven. Like, that's still, you know, motivational, inspirational. But be careful not to just, like, kind of shitpost, if that makes sense.
alexconnors: Yeah, I get you. Just to get  out, the point of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm not a huge fan of those ones, to be honest. But again, that did do well, because what people... What happens is then people watch the video on replay while they're reading the caption.
alexconnors: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, cool. But, yeah, I think if you guys just start pumping content, like, that'll do some of those organically.
alexconnors: Everyone's reacting to that video now.
Kyle Musca: But that's also, like, one of the reasons I'll save that video. It did quite well because it was a super relevant video, know, people are, you got to it before other people got the chance to. And that's like another really important thing with them is like getting to the video before other people have seen it.
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Any bottlenecks like specifically you guys are facing this week at all?
alexconnors: I don't think so. Mine's just continuing to  streamline my check-in process, but it's getting  heaps better, dude.
Kyle Musca: It is. I'm definitely getting faster. I'm definitely bringing up more time.
alexconnors: Yeah, perfect. So I think that like I'm probably like right at capacity as far as like what I want to be doing from a fulfillment perspective. But that's a no issue to me at the moment. I'm happy to continue to funnel stuff to both Tash and Oli at the moment. And then, you know, I think that we'll most likely have to look at another coach at some point. Like, bro. Like, But again, it's just a matter of, I don't think we're at that level just yet. To be honest, I prefer to fill Oli up first and then get us to the point where we can start to pick and choose, all right, now we're both, now everyone's earning enough money. Now I start to look at who I want to work with, who Oli wants to work with, who Tash wants to work with, and then have another coach that just gets the gen pop type stuff.
Kyle Musca: you know what I mean?
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oli the one paying like a few bucks?
alexconnors: What is it?
Kyle Musca: That's right, bro. How much are you paying on a weekend? $70. $70. Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. And I guess...
alexconnors: The way I see it is I know that he keeps a high level of standard. So like... You don't have to train him, you don't have to check on him, you don't have to do anything. Yeah. Which is mad. Like the days that we're on the flights and we're away, we're like, if anyone has a question, go to Oli, and he's happy to do that for us. Yeah. And he'll add value to, like, the actual app as well. Like, he's going to do a bunch of educational stuff. And then, like, the way I see it is, like, if we're essentially earning enough money to get ourselves out of trouble with me, Tash, and Ollie, then it's like, all right, cool, now we can focus on making the cream. And then we can, you know, just get another coach that we'll likely have to micromanage more so. So, but it's, but, you know, if they're losing clients in that meantime, because that's the thing I worry about is in that transition period where you're training them, if they're not delivering a good enough service and we start having clients drop off all the time, because at the moment, dude, our retention rate's  sick. Like, you know, our clients just  stay with us forever. And that's always been my big concern moving into this space is I don't want to put a coach on that starts  us up. With retention, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no, definitely, definitely. The other thing I just got, just sparked my mind there, what you said, is do you have much educational content yourself?
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: On the app, yeah. Yeah. Like in terms of, I guess, presentation style things, are you recording stuff?
alexconnors: Not us speaking so much.
Kyle Musca: I've done a lot of back-end stuff there. Okay. Because what you could do there is like, you know, even that could be used as a CTA where once a week you, you know, drop a link to a topic where people can, I guess, opt in in a way. You might even want to do this through ManyChat.
alexconnors: That's probably one of the easiest ways to go about it. I've got of of CMC, like the first one's like delaying gratification. The second one's like all this. So, yeah, I like doing all that educational stuff. So, I pump out that and resources and how to do this and how to make this and this, yeah.
Kyle Musca: yeah. That że jest temat Stuff. Yeah, that's a good idea.
alexconnors: Yeah, so you could just... I don't even have to look at what's there. Yeah, I tell him, but he doesn't. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, yeah, if you've got the slides and stuff, I mean, probably be pretty easy if you didn't run through it and just make your own for yours, Alex. Because you kind of want to be the face of it if it's through your thing.
alexconnors: Well, we can claim, like, all the clients can see all of it.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah, you should do some. I tell them all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because every, like, again, make this a weekly thing. Every Friday you drop in a new educational series type thing. And then, like, you might not get a client off of the first one and the second one. But if someone's continuously watching you week on week and, you know, you pick up a bit of an audience for that.
alexconnors: How would you do that? Like, you would just do, like, free giveaway or how would you do it? Well, it's just, like, do you want to join our CMC team's educational something?
Kyle Musca: I would just do one video at a time so you can drip feed it. Ideally, you'd want On an emailing list, but, like, I'm not going to tell you to go get an emailing list software and stuff.
alexconnors: They're not overly complicated. We have Klaviyo.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
alexconnors: Yeah. I've set that up through our website. So we do have one. We could actually get people to sign up on our website for it, send that link.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I can do that.
alexconnors: They opt in in terms of their, like, name and email and stuff? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, well, fantastic. Can you create landing pages on that?
alexconnors: Yes, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so what I would do is, like, each week I would just, like, create a normal landing page flow where it's the one video, like, title, subtitle, video. doesn't have to be anything crazy. And then, so it's opt in and then they get to the access to that. And then what I would probably do is set it up through ManyChat. So it's, like, you know, DM me, if it's a video on, like, let's say habits. DM me the word habit. I just recorded a 20-minute video on breaking down exactly how to fix your habits, specifically around whatever it's about, whatever. Again. And basically what we spoke about with the CTAs, whether it's one story, maybe multiple stories where you explain it. If you want access to it, I'm going to give it away for free for today only.
alexconnors: If you want access for it, DM me the word habits. Yeah. Can you write me a plan of what I need to do exactly and to  spell it out?
Kyle Musca: I'll do it. Yeah. And then basically the reason I say do it through ManyChat is usually we just have a link to direct them straight to that. But if it's just ManyChat first, it means you start the conversation with them. So, like, literally the ManyChat would be, you know, habits, and then the ManyChat would fire, like, hey, here's the, you know, link to go watch it. Yeah. And then you can basically get on after that. But, hey, did you get a chance to, like, have a look at that?
alexconnors: You know, what are you struggling with at the moment?
Kyle Musca: Yes. X, Y, Z. Have you ever thought about potentially getting a coach to help you figure that out?
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Can you write down ManyChat? At you don't have it set up yet. Yeah. Good idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then that's like I would just do that again like without at least weekly because if you can get someone like into an educational sense of them taking in your information, it's like they're going to be really bought into you. One, they clearly have a problem big enough that they're willing to try and educate themselves on and spend that time to, you know, watch something. But two, if you're the one feeding them that information, then they're going to be pretty bought into you by the time you get on, if that makes sense.
alexconnors: Absolutely, yeah. Yeah, cool. I feel like my bottleneck this week is just lots of new clients, lots of client calls, lots of setting up new clients. So that's where I feel like where mine's gone. But I'm still happy, like every week I've kind of put on three, three, three, three, three. So it's just like, you know, when you have an influx of new people, they're just asking a bit more questions, a bit more support. So, yeah, it's good, like, a little – I know they'll settle down very soon. They just tend to be, like, a little bit more high-maintenance at the start.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yes, what do you feel like the biggest difference between your organic videos – sorry, organic calls versus ad calls?
alexconnors: They've already bought you. I think, honestly, like, that new niche is so new to me, like, the metaphors, I've trained people in that. But I think it's obviously just, like, a very different learning curve for me in terms of how to talk to them, how to approach them, like, you know what I mean? I feel like that's the difference. Yeah. I was happy, like, when I spoke to Tommy in that sales call. He's like, this is actually hard. I was like, thank , because I felt like there's something wrong with me. I was like, thank God. So at least that made me feel, like, just a little bit more better. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's a little bit Yeah, they're a tricky niche, but, like, they're also, like, if you can  get it, they're also high-paying niche, so it's, like.
alexconnors: Absolutely, yeah. I just found, like, recently they're just all, like, single mums with no jobs.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that was the other thing.
alexconnors: Yeah, I told you I changed that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I saw that.
alexconnors: That was mad. I was, like, that'll actually help so much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's, again, with the cappy as well, because the cappy's just attached to the working full-time ones. Yeah. So, with that attached, it should, again, ideally with time, know, pick up the people that have worked in the interest type people. Yeah, yeah. That'll help a lot. Yeah. And then with the working part-time, mean, you can still try and sell them if you want to. Otherwise, for that, I would, like, chat to Clemé and, like, try and, you know, pre-qualify them a little bit. Obviously, making sure you're not wasting your time, but it doesn't mean they're unsellable.
alexconnors: That's might be working part-time and their husband might. I'd be  filthy rich, so. Exactly, yeah, exactly. I feel like, well, this week we put in that video, which has been good, and people are like, watched it, love it, so, like, that's good. I just feel like, yeah, maybe the money qualifying thing is better, because a lot of people are like, oh, I'm struggling with money, I want a price first, da-da-da-da-da. And then she's like, that's okay, get on a call. And I'm like, ugh. Like, I'll open it up, I'm like, oh, .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, make sure you screen each other and send it to them, but, like, when we do this, can we just say X, Y, Z? Yeah. What I was going to say before there, well, the menopause women, as well, is, like, it's very much hormonal-based, so I think, you know, I wouldn't even really talk about gym and building muscle and how you typically would and what you're going to do, essentially. I wouldn't even talk about it, because that, to them, like, they're just middle-aged women, like, that's beyond them.
alexconnors: And their focus is just on, like, I've got my hormones all  up and that's what I'm trying to fix. I want to feel better. Yeah. It's a feeling you sell them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, it's just like I've got a problem. They don't even necessarily know what the problem is.
alexconnors: They just think they know what the problem is. Yeah. Yeah, they all got high cortisol. That's why they're all fat. Yeah. That's good. All right.
Kyle Musca: High cortisol. Yeah. So just about solving that, like, that one very unique issue for them.
alexconnors: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Easy. And then, like, when they sign up, you do the exact same thing you do with everyone else.
alexconnors: Yeah. what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You don't mention that at all. Yeah. And it's just, like, it's that kind of niche where it's, like, they're so set in, even they know nothing about it, they're so set that that is the problem. And et cetera, et cetera. So if you're like, yeah, we can go to the gym and that's going to fix it, and X, Y, Z, they can be like, no, that's not what I'm looking for.
alexconnors: She doesn't understand me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So much. Tommy said, like, Tommy's like, you actually have to, like, cut them off. Like, these chicks will not shut up. They're on edge. He's like, you have to be a little bit more, like, direct and harder with them, which is good. So I was like, okay, cool, because I thought, oh, I'll just let them talk and just listen, and then I'm like, oh, my God, it's, like, 20 minutes later that it's, like, on question one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: So it's really good having his help, because I have felt a bit stuck with him. Like, some are easy, you get right away, and then other ones are, like, impossible.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, some of those, like, middle-aged women especially, they'd like to trauma dump, you know what I mean? They like to  tell you how they've just gone through a  messy divorce, and, like, their kids don't speak to them anymore. It's like, dude, I'm a fitness coach. What are you telling me this stuff for?
alexconnors: Yeah, literally, and then how they were 20 years ago, and, like, blah, blah, blah.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, oh, my God. I'm like, yep. Yeah, it's awesome. Yeah, you just got to cut them off. Oh, yeah, yeah, that, I don't want to cut you off. You know, this specifically, because we're definitely going to get to that. I just want to make sure that we're not having to, like, go back and forth and double up on things. So I guess, like, just to, I guess, re-ask that, like, what goal do you want to get to? Yeah, absolutely. He's like, you've to work in, like, a rhythm thing. It was good. He's like, you've got to go, and then go. I was like, oh, okay, that makes sense.
alexconnors: Yeah. Yeah. So. Shush.
Kyle Musca: Just mute.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah, which is good. But he's like, oh, I want to make sure we get value out of this call. We've got a lot of questions to get to. So let's just try and stick to the.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: Yeah. Do you find he's.
Kyle Musca: Do you find, do you find that. Sorry, I was going to ask. Are you selling the organic people on the same packages as well?
alexconnors: Like the newer higher ticket ones? Just depends. Like if, if it's like my client's husband, then I'll just go. Whatever. They know what it is. They're on weekly. Yeah, Most of them, I just stick to the weekly one so I get that reoccurring. I will ask them, like, do you want to pay up front? Well, yeah, to be honest, I just do weekly. I give all mine at the inflated prices now. It depends. Like, one chick, she came from another coach. So I was like, what was he charging you? I can't do that price. And she's like, yeah, I can only pay weekly. So I was like, okay, I'm not even going to try. You know what I mean? So, yeah, it just depends. And I've got that, like, how to split the payments and stuff sort of a little bit more down pat now. So I'm sort of, like, usually for, like, 12, hang on, has it been 12-month, guys? Yeah, so for my 12-month, guys, now I'm charging 88.40, and I take, like, 3,200 up front and then put it on, like, a weekly $100 reoccurring. you. I got that with two of my guys this week, and then one of the guys was just hell-bent on spending weekly. So I just put him on $160 a week, and I charged him $2.99 admin.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, sick. Okay. Okay, cool. What do you guys feel like is, you know, again, the biggest bottleneck right now that you're sort of dealing with?
alexconnors: Like, what's preventing you from doing more? Honestly, it's just continuing to build momentum, isn't it? Yeah, I think so. I mean, do you, like, I think free week for me, per week for people, is good. I feel like any more, and I might not give a good quality service, I don't know, with all my other clients. Maybe, I'm not sure. Like, for me, that's a good number. How many more did you say you reckon you can take take on? I I think I could take on maybe like another 12 or so before I'm getting like busy, but I still think I could probably go more. I think once the new people are settled and then they're ticked over, then the new people can come in and that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Yeah. I think, yeah. Again, you don't want to build too quickly, too fast, because then you kind of like, it's nice, but then one, quality of service goes to  and you're overwhelmed.
alexconnors: I was thinking, yeah, yeah. I feel happy with my three, three, three, three, three, three. I think maybe the only thing, like, obviously we'd be invested all this money in the menopause people, but maybe swapping back to something that I like a little bit more.
Kyle Musca: Maybe. I don't know.
alexconnors: I was thinking about that a little bit. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like maybe, I don't know. We can always definitely look at it. Like, you're just really not vibing with the people getting on. Um, I did run. Do you don't know. started. I turned on the video ads properly today. So I pulled back the ad spend on one that was starting to creep up a bit and replaced it with the video ads so it's not spending more. Because that was kind of like I didn't want to turn something else on and up the ad spend. Yeah. And it gets too much there. So I pulled the low-performing one. I'll see how it goes. If it doesn't perform well, I'll just turn that one off. And then hopefully if one of these video ones pull through, again, you should realistically get better quality leads from a video ad simply because, one, they sit through it and actually, like, take in what you're saying before they message.
alexconnors: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think because obviously we go to Thailand next Thursday, so we have to move our thing with you, by the way. Yeah. I think just for us to have two weeks where we can do a little bit more content and stuff like that, we'd be mad. Like a little bit more chill. I know you're like, don't have time off, but I think that would be good for us. Yeah, I don't know what you think about that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I think a bit of a reset is good.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I like can't have a holiday in, like, ever, so. no, you might not.
alexconnors: No, might not. Nice.
Kyle Musca: No, definitely, definitely. And then I guess it just depends on what you want to do through that period where we just, you know, never really advise setting things off fully, but, like, whether you want to, because you said week one, you'll still probably be working a decent day. Like, an okay amount, and then week two is kind of holiday, isn't it?
alexconnors: Yeah, and we've got, like, pens and bucks and wedding and stuff as well. To be fair, I think. Which are, like, weekdays, so. To be fair, I think if we got inquiries during that period, we would still take sales calls, wouldn't we? Yeah, yeah. I just don't want to be, like, taking 10 a week and then not having any time to go and do .
Kyle Musca: So, I think. Yeah, worse, worse, you can just, like, if you get too full for a week, just, like, let me know, like, I'm full this week.
alexconnors: can only book them in next week. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I think that's good. Cool. Obviously, I just don't want to be saying heaps of ads when I'm not having heaps of spots. Yeah. Yep. You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Oh. Yeah. So, yeah. See how it goes. If we need to turn it down or off, then we can just do that.
alexconnors: Easy.
Kyle Musca: We'll also see how these videos go. If they, you know, don't, one, if they don't pull through or two, they're just, again, not vibing with the menopause women, then maybe we look at switching things up. Yeah. Whether that be, again, going back into just retargeting for you or, again, that's maybe we can even, like, try and, like, start running Alex's stuff and see, you know, what the response is like there. But depending on how you're feeling, Alex, as well, in terms of client capacity and where those clients are going to go and everything.
alexconnors: Man, honestly, I'm not that phased. I think, like. I think Ollie could fit in, like, another. I think the only thing I need to look at. I would need to look at ROI on, okay, so what's it costing me to do the advertising to get these leads? And then what am I getting back in the back? When they come on board, what am I getting in the back end to obviously cover Oli? What's the total ROI on the whole job? Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, definitely. Yeah, Yeah, that's where I think you'll get a little bit tricky too because like organic, you know, 70 a week is quite considerable, good coach. But like you have pretty minimal overheads on organic, like you know what I mean?
alexconnors: Yeah, exactly. And that was where obviously the business model for Oli was initially to just give him the overflow. Do you know what mean? Whereas like if we're doing marketing, I'm literally marketing to fill him up then. Yeah. So every… Every lead is, like, not just, like, I don't see that come back in as profit. It's, I'm basically, I'm getting a portion of that, and most of it is gone. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would, when you get, oh, sorry, what was that?
alexconnors: Maybe if he just does more videos with that other guy, more posts on his own to try and fill up Ollie, that makes more sense. Rather than actually paying for ads until you get another coach, maybe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the other thing I would say is, like, just try and find, you know, someone who's working at a supplement store or some, you know, kind of casual-ish, like,  job that they're already doing, and they're like, hey, I'll just give you, you know, a couple clients. Ideally, we want to get you to the point where you're, you know, filled out.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah, agree.
Kyle Musca: Type thing. So that way it's, like, not a rush to actually fill them up.
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then, yeah.
alexconnors: What about that young dude? Does he want to be a coach? coach? Young kid, well, he does, but he wants , like, I think he's charging like 50 bucks a week himself at the moment. Yeah. So, I mean, I suppose that's... Just because someone's charging 50 on their own doesn't mean they wouldn't accept 30 for not having to do work for something. Yeah, true. And 50 is okay.
Kyle Musca: Probably, depends how young he is, I probably wouldn't start him off at 30.
alexconnors: No, no, yeah. You wouldn't start him off at 30?
Kyle Musca: No, I'd start him off, like... Depends on... The lowest ticket, I'd do, like, $17.50 a week for, like, the loom check-ins, and then hire one, I'd start at $22.50 a week for video check-ins with the goal of, obviously, increasing it as he proves himself. Yeah. And getting him full-time and everything like that, but...
alexconnors: Yeah. It's something I could talk to him about. Yeah. But maybe if he's got this big following and he thinks he can do it on his own, like, maybe...
Kyle Musca: That's the problem. Yeah, might be worth getting someone else. Is that the guy you trained with?
alexconnors: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I probably wouldn't go with him just because if he's getting a good following, he's getting good traction and everything like that. Although it won't take him long to realize I can just do this myself.
alexconnors: Yeah, someone like, what's your guy? Pat. Yeah. I don't think he even has Instagram, does he?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, Pat, yeah.
alexconnors: Yeah, it's a bit like he doesn't  post anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. My other coach is starting to post a bit more fitness content. Oh, .
alexconnors: Yeah, stop it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so.
alexconnors: When Vaughan is back? Today, I think.
Kyle Musca: okay.
alexconnors: Yeah, I think Tash is going to go across to Vaughan full time. And I think I can manage  Grant. I think if you tell me exactly what you need from Grant, I reckon I can manage him just for me, though. He can't do both of us. That's what we're quickly starting to realise. And he gets excited about working with me. Like yesterday, he filmed us both. And it was actually a bit frustrating because he filmed Tash first and he filmed me after. And I drilled him. was like, need this , I need content for tonight. But like, obviously, I still need content for Tash. I'm like, I'm not speaking for Tash as well. And all he did was got my content out. And I was like, all right, cool. So what's going on for Tash tonight? He's like, oh, I'm going to put Tash out tomorrow night. And I'm like, oh, , come on, man. So I think like, if I'm just managing him for me, I think I can probably get a good return on it, a return from him. And then Tash will just do Vaughan. She seems to gel better with Vaughan than she does with Grant.
Kyle Musca: Are you going to keep paying Grant the two grand a month?
alexconnors: I don't know what I'll do in relation to costs. Well, it'll be one grand for just you. Probably. Big round for me, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it's just been such a headache that, like, I've just had a very big realisation that with employees, like, if they're a headache from the start, they never really get any better.
alexconnors: That testimonial one he did for Alex, like, if he's into something, he's Mr ADHD, he's, like, so into it. Yeah. And even when he was filming me, like, oh, I've got to film this good thing for Alex. And I'm like, what about me? You know? But. Yeah. But, yeah. And that's the thing, like, I suppose the only reason I'm hesitant to go away from him is, like, keep getting feedback from people saying, , dude, your content looks sick at the moment. It doesn't mean it. Yeah. but I.
Kyle Musca: Come on, though. I reckon I'd look sick with the content. Yeah. It's really good, like, behind the camera. Did you film the ads with him? No. Yeah, I'd go, let's give him a try, just because, like, the feedback I get from pretty much everyone that's used him is, like, he's . Okay. Okay. All All Really good guy on Like, he'll direct you, he'll come up with ideas for himself, like, on his own. He'll get all the answers.
alexconnors: Maybe I'll just shoot a couple of things with him. I've seen stuff he does for one of our friends, Lydia.
Kyle Musca: Do you follow Lydia? Well, does Bourne do that? Yeah.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah. Her staff recently is sick, and I'm like, yeah, I want that. Like, just doing little, like, overrated, underrated, like, just weird  like that. Like, you can tell her content's changing.
Kyle Musca: It's really good.
alexconnors: Yeah, because she was with that brownie guy, like a fair few people. He's a  , that little .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. And I remember Jess and her with him and paying him, like, again, two grand a month or whatever, and then they've gone to Bourne and they both prefer him much more. People that have been with Jackson, I don't know if you know Jackson, but he films, like, Cade's content and all that . People that have been with him, he's trying to, like, five grand a month, like, 30 videos, 28 videos or something like that. It's ridiculous. So, and even one of them does it, like, in your car.
alexconnors: In your home, in the gym, like, just different. I really like that. Yeah, okay. Well, maybe I'll try and do some – do you want to have a chat with Vaughn and say – Maybe just – I'll get him to do my stuff and you can have a chat with him then. Yeah, I was just going to say even – I mean, Kyle's close with him.
Kyle Musca: Maybe you say Alex is having a hard time leaving Grant.
alexconnors: Do you want to just show him what you're made of?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can definitely do that for you. And then – Tell him to do his sales job. mean, tell him to convert me. Yeah, he's not really, like, that business savvy to be honest.
alexconnors: I bet he'll – I mean, he'll be able – He'll be scary, but – As long as the content's good, as long as the content's good, I'll be  sold. Do you know what mean? But it's just, like, I have a hard time when I'm, like, all right, this seems to be, like, working at the moment. It's getting recognition. And, like, the aesthetic looks good on my page. If I go to someone else, is it going to change the aesthetic too much? Like, they going to be – is it still going to keep that quality of – Um...
Kyle Musca: Um... you. You know what mean? Well, the biggest thing with Grant is, like, he's just very  tardy.
alexconnors: Like, you shouldn't have to constantly follow up with some of the pain.
Kyle Musca: Agreed. And the other thing is, I think, like, a lot of what he does just looks the same, like, over and over and over again. Like, there's no real, like, if we go onto your page, for example.
alexconnors: Even, like, we film so much, he doesn't do it, and he's like, oh, it just doesn't work out very well. I'm like, what do you mean it just doesn't work I just said to him recently, I want a Google Drive that I want him to upload it into it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see, it just, like, looks kind of very much the same, besides the, you know, testimonial stuff. But it's like nothing really jumps out as anything, you know, different, because it's all the same.
alexconnors: Yeah, I agree. Yeah, and maybe that's me looking at it going, oh, I like it looking like that. You know what I mean? It's because he said you need it to look, like, cohesive. I'm like, no, you don't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but, I mean, if he's never grown...
alexconnors: A large social media following, it's like, what the  are you telling what it should be? too much and all this stuff.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, that doesn't make any sense. Yeah, that's just a cop-out. If you can post twice a day, then  post twice a day.
alexconnors: This is Alex Harmosi, he says, post.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's always about doing more. But even like, this is Jake's content when he was doing it on his own. I think I've showed you guys already. Yeah, he was doing it on his Did not come up too fantastic. Yeah, 400 calories. Four, four. Four, with 20 grams of protein. Today, I'm testing out these viral... Yeah, nothing like... Yeah, yeah, nothing like And then it's just like... So what got you into fitness? I was a skinny . Yeah, I used to play football, supper, as he was used to call it, and school finished, and I was like, I had a couple of injuries, and I just didn't really have the love for the sport anymore. And I saw... Like, you know, this isn't any, I think he just sat down and knocked out  heaps of them. Wasn't anything crazy, but you can see like just how much crisper and how like, because it's born behind saying like, say it this way, say it in this tone, do it this way. Ladies, if you're trying to build that hourglass figure, this is the RDL tutorial you need. First off, set that bar on the rack so you don't have to pull your back out, trying to pick it up off the floor. Take a shoulder-width grip, big breath, pull the bar up, and take two steps back.
alexconnors: If you're trying to target your hamstrings, hook your bum up towards the ceiling, but let's be honest, you'd rather go your glutes, so instead, tuck that bum, brace your core, and hing over. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Ladies, if you're trying to build that symmetrical hourglass figure, don't skip your unilateral work. This dumbbell Bulgarian split squat tutorial is for you.
alexconnors: Sit down on the bench and place one leg out. This is where your front foot will be. Place the dumbbells on the bench so you don't pull your back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
alexconnors: Don't pull your back out. Yeah. I hate what you guys target females, it  annoys me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I mean, like, just because Grant's even pissed me off.
alexconnors: Dang. When I was filming with him yesterday.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, I'll put that out there, sorry.
alexconnors: What was that? When I was filming with him yesterday, he was trying to, like, I just feel like he just, and mean, I feel like this is where I'm stuck. I'm like, I'm not really targeting any niche, so I'm confused sometimes with what I'm posting anymore. You know what I mean? So I'm like, but he just came up with his weird ideas, and I was just like, what are you talking about? I don't even know what this is. I'm bored listening to you talking about it, like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. And even, you know, what Lydia did with the gear use, I mean, if she can do this, then.
alexconnors: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: You know, this is. Well, taking as a female. Human growth hormone is commonly interpreted as the PD.
alexconnors: Bye. If she can do that. Absolutely, yeah. She's not matting, so she's probably got all her gear away. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. There was one where it was like a PED.
alexconnors: Was it this one? Yeah, the triangle one. I remember the one. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Where's the triangle one?
alexconnors: I know the one you're talking about, like level of importance, that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, but, yeah. Don't know where it went, but, anyway. Oh, man, it just keeps coming up. Cool.
alexconnors: Yeah. Yeah, I think Vaughn will help me figure that out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Otherwise, again, you don't necessarily need a videographer. Like, you can just  pump it yourself.
alexconnors: I feel like if we have him, because he does, like, blocks of what, like, think...
Kyle Musca: it. Yeah, it depends what you come up with in my guy. I don't like doing any more than like three in a session just because I get fatigued from doing it. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
alexconnors: I think you can just do a couple hours and then I'm like... You're like me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
alexconnors: I'm like... I'm sick of hearing my own  voice. I'm sick of hearing, like... I'm alright talking, but as soon as you get a camera in my face and I've got to like say something, I start overthinking it and I start  skipping over my words.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, I'm  out of this . Yeah. So I'm like... I don't know. I've been doing it long enough now that I'm just like, whatever, just give me the  camera.
alexconnors: Give me some dull points to talk on and I'll just like power through it. Yeah. Yeah, you speak well. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You speak really well. Oh, I've been ...
alexconnors: I've been doing it for so long.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Back in the day, it would take me like an hour or two just to film one video.
alexconnors: Yeah. And even that film that you have your pre-video one, I'm like, you're doing so good. Like... That's the way you roll with it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Even from that, that was for me doing like an educational series where I just like do 10 videos of just me like, and it took me so many times just starting and restopping the first one and then I get the first one right. I'm like, okay, cool. I'm in a bit of a flow now. can just keep going with it. Yeah. So that's the other thing as well. Just try and be on camera as much as humanly  possible. Like the more you do it, again, it's volume. The more you do it, the better you'll get. The more reach you'll get, the better followers, more all that .
alexconnors: Easy. Cool.
Kyle Musca: And then just like, it's like hard to explain, but get unique and have your personality on camera. Like I remember one thing that went really, really well for me back in the day was doing like a physique review of my followers where, you know, basically my followers would send me, you know, pictures of their physique. And I would basically just break it down on like where their strong areas are, where their weak areas are, you know, points of interest. And everything, whatever the  you say. And because you're interacting with your followers and, you know, all that , people love just sending it through. Like, I remember just, like, looking through my DMs and I would have  hundreds of people send me photos, ask me to do a physique review.
alexconnors: You know, like a Tim McKinnon. Did you post the reviews or did you give them, you just replied back to them?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I posted them and that's why people, because they wanted to be a part of that. You know what mean? They wanted to have me, like, review their physique.
alexconnors: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And I think the way I started that was actually, like, breaking down, you know, influences, physiques, and stuff like that.
alexconnors: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, like, you could even do that for Tom, you know what mean? Yeah. Tom was one of my clients, you know, reviewing his physique. He's got  cap delts, you know, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, cetera. At 18 years old, he's an absolute , you know, freak of nature. Yeah. If you want me to break down your physique, yeah, send me. A few photos or whatever. Yeah.
alexconnors: No, no, no. But, like, in your personality, lol. legs. So imagine how brazen it would be. Abrasive, you know?
Kyle Musca: Abrasive, yeah. Yeah, you can't do that.
alexconnors: mean, like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. There's so many different ways you can do them. Like, I don't want to, you you can look at mine, but there's, like, there's one dude who, and I wouldn't recommend going down the negative route at all, but there is one guy, and all he does is just talk absolute . So, like, he  critiques, like, all the Olympian bodybuilders and how they train and stuff like that, and he's just some, like, . Pencil nap. Yeah. And it's just, like, what are you doing, dickhead? Yeah.
alexconnors: I hate that .
Kyle Musca: That annoys me. Yeah. But it's, like, you know, it still gets views. I would never go down the negative route. Yeah. Because it's the wrong time.
alexconnors: then they're right and wrong.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I get what you mean. Yeah. Like, yeah. But that's something, like, for you, especially, Alex, is just, like. Get into. The Olympia feeds, get into the hardcore bodybuilding feeds and start reacting to that .
alexconnors: You know what mean? Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right, cool.
alexconnors: Easy. Yeah. I think we're good, man.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. And the other thing is, again, yeah, recapping on the, I would definitely try and do one story CTA a week where you're doing the educational thing. Yeah. If you need help setting up the mini chat for that, let me know. It's pretty, pretty easy to do.
alexconnors: I, Tash, you should be able to help me with that, you know? Yeah. I think I'm good with mini chat now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It'll literally just be like, user sends message, and then, like, the message is just like, hey, here's the  video. And then you just jump online next month.
alexconnors: Easy. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. Is there anything else you guys want to cover at all?
alexconnors: No. What do you want from us sort of next week or next week? We won't be here next week.
Kyle Musca: From next Thursday, yeah. Oh, yeah. What are you guys? What I'm going do that. We can potentially look at doing it on Wednesday if it's easier.
alexconnors: Or should we do it when we're there on the Friday? Are you free on Friday?
Kyle Musca: Friday, I'm pretty stacked. That's fine. I could do it on Wednesday from like either 1 or 2 p.m.
alexconnors: What do you have on Wednesday? Wednesday, I'll be training at that time, that's all. We're going do late. I can't do late. I don't know. We can just skip it then. on Tuesday, I've got  a massage too. It's  annoying. We could just do like the, like a written one, check in next week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, otherwise we could do possibly in the morning instead.
alexconnors: Yeah, we could do one while we're there, but actually. On Thursday?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, or I meant Wednesday, but.
alexconnors: I'm sorry. What's your Thursday morning?
Kyle Musca: I could do Thursday morning if you guys, if that's easy for you.
alexconnors: Because we'll be at the airport by ages, so give us something to do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's fair, actually.
alexconnors: Let me just check when our flight is. It's at 10.35, so we'll be Cassatt Brisbane, so we'll be there, whatever, early.
Kyle Musca: So we'd probably do... We could just do 9am.
alexconnors: Yep. 9am.
Kyle Musca: Done. If you're free then. Yeah, I'll just make it now. Yeah, cool.
alexconnors: Perfect.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. All right. Well, yeah, I mean, like, the consistency's there if we're getting three clients a week. So as long as we just keep building on that, just keep being, you know, dialing in the... And adding the CTAs, adding the new types of content and everything like that. Yeah. And just keep building.
alexconnors: Absolutely. Keep getting better at sales, too. I'm getting practice, so that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Yeah. If we... If it does get to the point where it's just like, you're just really not gelling with these people, just let us know. We'll change around the targeting and go for something else.
alexconnors: I reckon, yeah, we try for a few more weeks and then we can figure out.
Kyle Musca: It'll be probably realistically by end of Thailand, really, we'll make a decision.
alexconnors: Yeah, sounds perfect. Darn. Awesome. All right, well, enjoy the rest of the day and I will chat to you guys soon. Thanks, brother. See you again. Yeah, bye.


>>> 235/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-31T03:40:06Z | id:98224183
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hello.
flexmethod: Oh, hi.
Kyle Musca: Good, are you?
flexmethod: Yeah, good.
Kyle Musca: What's been going on?
flexmethod: Oh, not a lot, to be honest. It's been a slow week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I sort of noticed that across pretty much almost literally everyone's account.
flexmethod: Yeah, I've got four sign-ups on ours and, like, one on Millie's, which is annoying because I've had, like, 300 conversations in headdams. But, yeah, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: It's a weird time period, I feel, like, the end of October. Again, I've kind of noticed it across multiple people's accounts, including my own. So, Halloween. Hey, Paddy, how you going?
Hattie Boydle: Hello, how are you? Good.
Kyle Musca: What's been the go with Millie's stuff?
flexmethod: Is it just too young? Yeah, it's just like half the conversations, you know, they're like, oh, I'm in school, let me ask my mum, and I'm just like, oh, 's sake. So I think I'm going to need to change like the actual call to actions to have something in there that's just like over 18, because she gets so many young girls like inquiring and just like wasting time, like talking and then being like, oh, I actually just wanted some tips.
Kyle Musca: I'm just like, 's sake.
flexmethod: And then a lot of them have eating disorders, so I ruled them out, and then a lot of them, yeah, it just comes down to the money. And like, obviously, it's only been a month, and we've already got sort of 30 people in her account, so it's not like fruitless, but it's just for the amount of time that I'm sending in my DMs, in her DMs, I've just realized that like it's probably not worth me actually. Being in there and just getting like one of the setters in there. So I sent Clemé some pretty detailed instructions just because that other dude who you sent through didn't have any availability for a meeting for like over a week. And he really wanted to get on a call, even though I said that you'd already spoken to him. But yeah, so we'll see. Clemé said she can maybe start on the third and then I'll just see how that goes. But I'd also just, if it's like, I might get Clemé to like sell the packages like 12 weeks up front, but they can use like Afterpay or Klarna to like break down their payments. So at least we get the 12 weeks worth of payments and I'm not stuck chasing all the overdues because she has a fuckload of people that like get overdues as well. And if people fall too far behind, that cuts into Hattie a nice profit because like we're still paying the coach in that. So yeah, we'll see. I think I just got to find a rhythm with that and I just don't think it's worth me being it. Like there's, she gets. Such high volume, but the conversion's just much lower than Hattie's DMs. So I just don't think it's worth me being in there for like six hours a day talking to people for like the sake of the sake of Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Surprising that the guy couldn't do it for more than a week. Like I messaged him and he was like, oh, you're free right now.
flexmethod: He just, was like, oh, here's my Calendly. And then like, this was like last Wednesday and I looked and it was like 5th of November. I was like, oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Clemen is, obviously, should be pretty fine. I've got a, like a breakdown I do now with her where I like send, for instance, you guys, because I doubt Millie's probably going to do it, to fill out like a tonality form type thing. And then I'm like, do research on that, that DM setting style. And then like putting it into a ChatGPT project. So it like tries to, I guess, make the conversations really personal. But like, you know. That tone.
flexmethod: That's picking up Millie's tonality pretty easily just from the message that she sends initially where it's like, hey, lovely, like, chat's gone, like, all basic  on me, like, when I, like what Millie's team said, it was just like, hey, lovely, oh my, that totally makes sense, like, definitely, and I'm just like,  hell, and then Hattie's is very professional.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, okay, I wonder if, like, it's worth, is there anything that you can do that's, like, completely passive in terms of, like, meal plans and, like, training stuff?
flexmethod: Like, I wonder if it's worth just... That's not what we're setting up with in My Strength book, but Hattie has her own My Strength book, so that business model wouldn't be work if we were just like, hey, yeah, like, we're going to sell what you're already doing in your DMs and take half the profit.
Kyle Musca: In what sense, sorry?
flexmethod: Were you saying for us or for Millie?
Kyle Musca: For Millie.
flexmethod: What do you mean by, like, completely passive?
Kyle Musca: So, like, for, like, macro, for example, as long as they sign up into their details...
flexmethod: Is it like calculates and gives them their meal plan, training plan? Yeah, but Millie already has that.
Kyle Musca: That's what I'm saying.
flexmethod: Oh, right. Like we're building my strength book, but for us to turn around and be like, hey, like we're going to sell what you're already selling as coaching, but then take off the profit. Like we have to have, the point of difference is we are coaching. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Have you, how many, do you know how many people she has on that?
flexmethod: So she makes like four grand a week off it. So I'm assuming probably like a hundred people, but I'm wondering if that's gone up because every person who said they can't afford coaching, I've sent the link to her, my strength book.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cause it might be worth like seeing if you can like, yeah, contact the people that have signed up to that because they're willing to invest to some degree. Yeah.
flexmethod: I mean, I want to get our, strength book done. that way I can go through like the, like how many people have I spoken to her and I used DMs over the six months, 2000, like there's 2000 people there that I can go through and there's probably like 1500 of them that have said. Yeah. It's not the right time where I can't afford it, and I'll just pitch them the low-ticket offer. And that could continue to increase revenue through the Christmas period, I think.
Kyle Musca: Have you done the magic hat trick before?
flexmethod: What Cade's doing? I'm not really even sure what that is.
Kyle Musca: The magic hat trick's basically like you just go through anyone that's inquiring, coaching, and saying, hey, you want a voucher type thing. But I know you guys don't want a discounted type thing, so you could go, hey, you want a voucher? Instead of this, it's now $95 a week.
flexmethod: Yeah, guess you've just got to know what you've pitched them previously. Like, a price that's changed so  much all the time, hasn't it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, because as long as you see it, it works really  well for booking calls, and I will definitely say that. Because people feel like they've just won something, so all of a sudden now it's worth it. It's a sign. a it's a It's If you could figure out how to do something like that, though, I reckon, like, you'd definitely have some sales that you could get across the line there.
flexmethod: Yeah. I feel like that's the effect that, like, my strength book should have, like, if we go through and be like, hey, like, you know, we know you're really keen to coaching, but it was out of your price range. Like, we've created this that's, like, more self-paced, and then when you're ready, you can, like, I think that should be pretty successful.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other thing is that, have you thought about setting up, like, ManyChat up for Millie's account?
flexmethod: I'm in ManyChat for Millie's account.
Kyle Musca: Have you got the flow going?
flexmethod: The flow?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, trigger word flow.
flexmethod: Like, what we do with our ads?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You might want to...
flexmethod: Because that would mean I'd have to get them to message a trigger word as opposed to doing the poll thing.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right. Okay. Yeah, true. Because what I was going to say there is... So, like, did you see the screenshot I sent to the chat this morning? Yeah, you changed the 21 question to, yeah, are you working or not? So, I feel like for me, if they say working full-time, it's just like normal, try and book a minute as a call. There's also the CAPI attached to that. So, again, that sends that data back into meta saying, find more people like this. Then student apprentice or, like, you could probably say part-time or something like that for yours. Then I just try and sell them on, like, a low-ticket $19 a week type thing. And then, obviously, not working. I'm just like,  off. Like, here's an e-book.
flexmethod: Yeah, literally, just  them off. We're just like, oh.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, like, I thought, you know, conversion rate would probably drop a little bit for that. But, like, as long as they're getting that, I'm pretty sure it's, like, 90% clicked or something.
flexmethod: Yeah, I know getting Clem A in the thing and changing it to the afterpay model will, like... Paid in full model will definitely reduce the conversion, but I'm like, if she's only really getting paid for the people that she sells, then at least it's just like, go ham. Like, if it's costing, like, 28 USD a day for her to be in there talking to people, and then the only thing is, like, she takes 25 USD on a commission, but I'm like, will that make her more motivated than the other setter? Because she's only getting paid for people that, like, sign up, so she'll be actually, like, following up with people. Like, will the other people, will the other company just be like, oh, yeah, I'll just, like, talk to all these new people that are coming in here and, like, not chase people down if they don't fill it out because they're not getting paid for the sign up.
Kyle Musca: They're just getting paid to be in there. Yeah, well, it's not, like, share the whole team of people that go in because, like, I got to just create a group chat with me and everyone that, you know, is setting in my account. And they were, like, , like, one, sorry, one, two, three, five, six, seven, eight. Come on, there's, like, eight people that... You made a group chat with. I was like, . So, yeah, it's like, because performance-based makes more sense, but then, like, the flip side of the other one is, like, one, it depends. If you're making a lot of sales, it probably does come out to be decently more affordable because you're not paying high commissions. And two, they're meant to, like, monitor and manage them and, like, you know, do performance reviews and stuff on them to make sure they're doing that. And it's like, if you, and I'm pretty sure you get, like, one setter for a certain amount of time. And then if you exceed that time, then you can pull a second set, like, setter in. So, instead of, like, multiple, you know, eight different people, it's just, like, two main people, three main people if you're doing, like, 70 to 100 hours a week type thing. I haven't, again, I haven't personally used them. I got them from Sage. He said he's, like, quite enjoyed them. Like, he's pretty good with them. I'm going to, I've got a, Claire May's commissions coming up. Obviously, she'd probably send them to me. Next week. So I'm going to like look at what the price, you know, if I just pay, I'm going to try and get him to like 12 or 13 Australian dollars per hour. And if I just paid that instead of doing the commissions.
flexmethod: Yeah. Okay. I'm not obsessed.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. From, from the new people, not, not Clemé.
flexmethod: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Clemé is still good, but if it comes out considerably cheaper, not paying commissions on top and stuff from higher flat rate, then, then I'll give it a go.
flexmethod: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then it's like, you could, you know, ideally you'd be able to train them and like, they get better and more in tune with like your own tonality instead of like working across different counts and all that . It's just like, they're just your setup.
flexmethod: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That would be ideal. So again, like it seems all right. It saves likes them. You also get a, cause you didn't have a chat with him, you? But you also get like into. He'll give you multiple, like, applicants, and then you interview them to make sure that you're happy with the person that they're, like, you're speaking to. He doesn't just throw something in your account.
flexmethod: Right, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And they're all meant to have, like, experience before, like, setting experience and, like, well, that .
flexmethod: Yeah. I also noticed that just, like, I started back training five times a week with Justin and, like, really does, like, take up your whole morning. Like, go to the gym, I have to warm up for 30 minutes in the gym for an hour and a half, get back. It's, like, three hours in the morning that normally I was just, like, working, going through the DMs, and now I'm not doing it. And I've noticed I'm, like, now I'm, like, I'm remembering why I was skipping the gym because I'm just, like, falling behind on all the conversation threads. So instead of people getting back to, like, within a few hours of them sending it, they're getting back to, like, within 24 hours. But it's just, like, not the same conversation flow. So I'm just, like, could also be a contributing factor. Just, like, my reply rate's slower now.
Kyle Musca: To be honest, I don't even know how you  keep up with the DMs on a daily basis like that. Like, I'll read, like, two and get pissed off.
flexmethod: I'm like, I just  can't. The motivation was how well it was converting, but I was trying to bring some balance back to my life, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could always do, like, a bit of a hybrid thing as well, where they're, like, you know, in there a decent amount of time, and then you're jumping in there, like, continuing the conversation on. One, obviously, it'd be more cost-effective, but then you can, like, very closely monitor conversations, and they can kind of pick up on how you're responding as well at the same time.
flexmethod: Yeah, the only thing then is I'm still paying climate commissions for sales that she might have just done, like, one message for while I was offline. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so that's where the other one would definitely come in handy. Yeah. But, okay. So, has Millie been putting much on her stories?
flexmethod: Like? talking about it? No, but to be honest, like, I couldn't go in her inbox at all yesterday, and like, like, if I go look at her thing now, I'm scared to even open it. Yeah, there's like, fuckload of DMs. mean, she gets so many  thirsty dudes in there as well, so that always inflates the look, but, um. Yeah, there's fuckloads going back, like, a day and a half, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a, it's a tricky audience. Have you, have you asked her what her demographics are, like, in terms of age split?
flexmethod: Yeah, they're like 18 to 24, it's like her biggest audience.
Kyle Musca: Does she have, what, do you know the percentage from 24 to 35, or whatever it is?
flexmethod: I can't remember, she sent it into the group chat, I can't remember the exact amount, though.
Kyle Musca: Like, as long as it's, can stay. Decent. There's still merit there, I guess.
flexmethod: I think if we just start putting a really obvious disclaimer that it's 18+, that'll cut a lot of them out, and even maybe just another one about, you know, must be financially stable and ready to commit, because we're only taking on a few people this week or something, like something like that, I don't know.
Hattie Boydle: Well, when she does her post, she like, she doesn't narrow the niche down, she just puts a message out, so it could be, she could be like, alright girls, if you're between 25 and 30 and you're struggling with, like she can actually, she can start to put the age bracket that she wants to work with on there, if you want to do that, because that's what we did with our, we do.
flexmethod: I'll just check the chat and see how percentage of her women are, I mean, don't get me wrong, there's still girls aged between 20 to 24 that can afford it and pay, like that's, that's what the majority of the girls in our thing are doing now, it's just the amount of conversation. Because you have to go through it to get them. Maybe she didn't send it in this chat.
Kyle Musca: How was your podcast on Monday, Hattie?
flexmethod: She nailed it.
Hattie Boydle: That was good. They've just sent me the roars back. I've got to listen to it and see if I need to edit anything out.
Kyle Musca: So.
flexmethod: Her biggest audience is 25 to 34. That's 48% of her audience.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. That's a, that's very ideal.
flexmethod: Yeah. And then her, uh, I was trying to find the percentage of men to women. Oh, 60% women. So.
Kyle Musca: That's really good, actually. For, I mean, create her size and stuff.
flexmethod: Yeah. Maybe we should just make it for like. 25 up or something. I don't know. know. I mean, once Clemé gets in there, the more conversations, the better. You know, if she strikes out, she strikes out, but...
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you're just doing all of poll replies.
flexmethod: You're not even doing any... Yeah, I don't think we need to do anything in hers currently, just because, like, I feel like there's just so much potential. Like, the thing is, she's not even messaging all the people that are responding to the poll. I mean, I'm trying to get her  passwords. She offered it to me, and I would like them, then she hasn't actually given it to me. been weeks, because she's like, oh, yeah, there were, like, 1,000 people that responded to that poll. And then she'll message, like, 200. And she'll be like, oh, my God, there's still, like, 500 more. And I'll be like, okay, like, message them. And then, like, she won't message them, and then I can, like, it's been 36 hours now since, well, longer. Well, well... well... Last poll? Why are you muting yourself, Hattie?
Hattie Boydle: It was because I'm eating and I don't want you to hear my – it was last Friday. Oh, well, there you go.
flexmethod: Well, there you go. They're probably in the archive now.
Kyle Musca: She won't even be able to access them. .
flexmethod: That's why I want to get in there so that I can just keep feeding Clem A.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. And you're just doing – you're just doing, like, the sticker tab. Is it stick to that?
flexmethod: It's poll.
Hattie Boydle: Poll.
Kyle Musca: You know, because if you can get access to it, like, there's so many more things you could do as well. Like, I'm sure if she put up a questionnaire type thing as well, like, she'd get so many responses of that. Or you could just start a nice personalized straight into the DMs. And then, like, you might even want to try, like, Because if you have like a nice structure through the week of just different ones of like Monday is a hard CTA where they DM you, know, Tuesday is a questionnaire where they, you know, what do you, like, again, you put more effort into it, but like, what are you struggling with? And then they put a struggle so you can just go straight into that. Then, you know, Wednesday is a poll and then Thursday is like, you know, a testimonial transformation or something like that. Yeah.
flexmethod: I mean, she's got such an engaged audience, like creating conversations wouldn't be the issue. It's just finding the time to get through the sheer volume of conversations to make it worthwhile is where it's at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's where you might want to try like an actual CTA where they message you because there's, you know, it's not much friction at all still, but it's probably going to be a little bit higher intent with it. And again, that's, you know, depending, oh, you've already got many chat, you can just copy your straight over to hers and just reword it a little bit. But then you can't have like, you know, what's the current situation. Yeah. Working full-time, part-time, not working. Just so you can filter the quality leads and if you're getting that much volume.
flexmethod: Yeah, maybe have, yeah. It's like, are you in school? Yeah. Have you finished year 10?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
flexmethod: In your first period.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because if you're getting tons and tons of volume, you'd want to filter it out on who are the cream of the crop there, who are the most likely to convert. But, because otherwise, you're kind of just going in blind and, you know, getting halfway through a conversation before you can figure that out.
flexmethod: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I wonder if there's something you could do, like, even at the start, even if they, like, do tap the sticker.
Hattie Boydle: Tap the sticker if you're older than 18!
flexmethod: Yeah, I don't think you can start a trigger from a sticker tab, but...
Kyle Musca: Mmm... Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let me look into that. Look into if there's like, it doesn't necessarily need to be off the sticker tab, but if there's something you can do like right at the start to like, I guess, pre-qualify them quickly in a non-confronting way.
flexmethod: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What about your DMs? Like, you said you had five sign-ups this week?
flexmethod: Let me just double check.
Kyle Musca: Have you been noticing anything in your chats?
flexmethod: Just that I haven't had the time to keep up with them. Like now, if I go to reply to them, there's still like messages from a day ago that I haven't responded to. So just because I'm, yeah, but like, I don't know, it's tough. Like last night, I just, really didn't feel like working, but it's like, because now I train in the mornings, like I can't afford not to work all afternoon and stay up late. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would, yeah, especially trying to manage two accounts that are getting a ton of messages, I'd probably try and get someone on there, in there, just to not take it over for you, but like, yeah, just do that hybrid system, just to take a little bit of the load off your hands, and then if something happens where you can't get back super quick, at least you know it's not just being left high and dry.
flexmethod: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: In terms of the quality of conversations and everything, though, like, they're still all right for the people coming through Hatties?
flexmethod: Yeah, they're good. Yeah. Yeah. The, um, I haven't, I haven't looked up the reset thing to the mini chat, um, trigger word.
Kyle Musca: I think I added, yeah, I added that this morning, pretty sure.
flexmethod: Oh, did you? Okay.
Kyle Musca: I'm not pretty sure, let me double check that. Yeah, yeah, I added this morning. Beautiful. Okay. Cool. And then, so from here, got the podcast done. Do you know usually when they get that edited?
Hattie Boydle: Well, it's relying on me, so I've got to get that done.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay.
flexmethod: You've got to edit it.
Hattie Boydle: I have to go through and tell them whether they need to edit it, but then they'll do the rest.
flexmethod: All right.
Hattie Boydle: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Because what we could do there now is...
Hattie Boydle: I mean, I can give it to you.
Kyle Musca: can still, you can have it now. I don't really need that on the front end, but what we'll do is like, we just need some marketing material to basically say like, hey, I just, you know, had this podcast, decided to drop it. Yeah. It was around like how to manage the silly season, essentially.
Hattie Boydle: No, it was the number one mistake people, the number one thing people do to not make progress. Progress is not take action, is delay action, essentially.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Hattie Boydle: So it's all around delaying starting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
flexmethod: So... A leak. A leak? Like, my tie is flat? One second, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so essentially just like creating some, just like front-end marketing type thing. Basically saying, like, hey, I've just filmed this podcast with... What was the name again, sorry?
Hattie Boydle: That again? What was the... With Michelle?
Kyle Musca: Michelle, yeah. I thought that was it. Yeah, so basically just something like, hey, I've just filmed this, you know, podcast with Michelle running through, you know, the number one reason most women fail when it comes to health and fitness goals. This is a, like, I know this is going to, like, basically be relevant to... So a lot of women out there, if you want to just DM me the word, DM me the word, I don't know, mindset, for example, just like get them into the DM conversation, essentially. That would be good because it, one, will funnel more people to your actual podcast itself, and then, obviously, too, it starts conversations.
Hattie Boydle: What's really good about what happened very naturally on that call, on the podcast, was Michelle kept repeating, and this is what you do at Flex Method, and this is what you do at Flex Method, and then, you do so well at Flex Method, like, she just so naturally tied it in without me, like, having to say anything, and I was like, oh, this is so perfect. So as much as we have, like, this wonderful information, and we break down, like, what's happening, she literally lays back, and this is what you guys do so well at Flex Method, and she's like, I'm a testament to this because I've been in, I'm a, you know, I'm a client of yours, and I'm like, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that would just act as, like, a really good primer. So it's like, if they mess it through, and then... Obviously, you basically just send it through, and then however long that gap is before they see a reply, if they start listening to it, and they just start hearing all that, it's like they're just so more open to the idea of it. So that should be pretty easy. I would, honestly, like I could see just, you know, picking up the phone and just kind of doing that selfie style, basically just saying like really, like kind of like how you would do for a story. Because that's what we want it to look like. It's just a really nice, natural, organic story. You know, I just filmed this podcast with Michelle. We basically cover the number one reason why most women fail. And I'm really excited to release this because I know it's going to, you know, change a lot of women's lives. If you want to, if want access to it, just DM me the word mindset again. And I'll send it over to you.
Hattie Boydle: Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: I guess, yeah, I reckon that simple.
Hattie Boydle: Very casual, very inviting.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just like, again, we just want it, we don't want it to look like an ad at all. We just want it to look super natural.
Hattie Boydle: Natural, super organic. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Awesome. And then just like maybe even a few different versions of that so we can just like kind of float around and see which ones hit the best.
Hattie Boydle: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Did you want any like general scripts or anything like that for me to shoot through?
Hattie Boydle: I think I should be right.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Perfect. Beautiful. And then did you want me – do you still want to do the masterclass based off that?
Hattie Boydle: If that's what you'd like me to do, then I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I think it will definitely help. Beautiful. Well, should do that questionnaire and then basically when you can just fill that out, shoot it back, and I'll be able to build out everything from that.
Hattie Boydle: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. Did you hear what I was saying about the podcast there, Kevin?
flexmethod: No, not the first bit.
Kyle Musca: Essentially, like we just need some like short – And, like, marketing material just to get people into the messages. One, the podcast itself will serve as a primer for opening their eyes to coaching.
flexmethod: Like, like Opus?
Kyle Musca: No, basically just Hattie doing kind of like, you know, just how you would post on a story. Like, I've just filmed this. Yeah. I just filmed a podcast with Michelle covering XYZ.
flexmethod: I had two old Italian dudes fussing over the truck. Hey. There was just, like, two old Italian dudes fussing over the truck. He's like, something's leaking. I was like, it's just the radiator cooling off.
Kyle Musca: Nice. And I think that will serve as, like, a really good way to get a lot of volume through the door as well, just because it's very low. Like, low friction. Like, it doesn't come across as sales yet. Like, you're not selling anything. And then you just naturally engage the combo there.
Hattie Boydle: So, it should give, like, low cost per message. Yeah. And what I was telling Kyle Coben, and I shared this with you, like, Michelle just did a really great job of being like, And this is what you do so well at flexmethod, blah, blah, blah. So I was like, oh, so perfect.
flexmethod: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Okay. Cool. When do you, I guess no matter the rush on that, but when do you reckon you'll able to have them by?
Hattie Boydle: I mean, my goal is to get to listen to it this weekend so I can, because I want to get, there's two that I want to get sent off and popped up into the podcast and they're both pretty relate, like they're just the perfect time of year to get both of them up. So I won't release, I don't know what, well, okay, I'll release the, the one that we need first before I release the second one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And even in the story, say like DME, again, I'm just going to use mindset as a trigger word, DME mindset for early access or something, like trying to add like a little bit of, I guess, exclusivity into it.
Hattie Boydle: I actually think both the podcasts, we could do that too, because one's around goal. What, like, what are they, what do we need to be successful, what happens when we're not, when we don't, when we're not successful? And we talk about, you know, obviously why coaching's important, blah, blah, blah. So there actually would, I reckon that would be a great thing to do for both of them over a series of time. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: To be honest, like, if it works well, like, most podcasts you do, I'm sure we could probably do something, some version of that. Because, again, it, it works as a two-sided sort, like, it drives more attention to the actual podcast itself, and then you obviously start conversations straight off the back end of that.
Hattie Boydle: Mm.
Kyle Musca: So, if it works, like, that would be pretty big.
Hattie Boydle: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: How many, like, viewers, listeners do you usually get to your podcasts?
Hattie Boydle: God, haven't tracked my, I haven't tracked my metrics for life, ever. I'll have to help. Oh, look, I think it does quite well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm sure it would.
Hattie Boydle: I just don't do enough of them, Kyle. People are like, are you going to release another one? I've listened to all of them. I'm like, yep.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the long-form content is definitely the best. Like, if you can get people, like, engaging in your long-form content, like, they're so bought into you. It's like you can kind of just, you know, that long-form content has the highest conversions, just, like, even off a much, like, lower viewer ratio.
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, they're buying to you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And, yeah. So, perfect. Okay. Well, that's pretty much, like, our next steps from here is just sort of getting that stuff sorted. We could even do, do you have any photos with Michelle at all?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, I do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, we could even, like, try some, like, graphics and stuff for it as well. Yeah, if you could maybe... Make a file with just the photos of you and Michelle in it, and then we could do some graphics around it.
Hattie Boydle: Yep.
Kyle Musca: See how they go.
Hattie Boydle: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Anything else you guys want to cover at all?
Hattie Boydle: No, I've got the strength thing in front of me. I've got just so many moving pieces, like just annoying parts to do. There's the strength thing to finish off, get the podcast out, help coping with some of the messages. In the DMs. And then make sure the beast is still beasting at the back.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
flexmethod: Yeah. Let's end this on a positive note. Let's do some mathematics because, you know, it all feels very overwhelming. But let's go month to date.
Kyle Musca: I also think, well, yeah, there are a lot of moving parts. reckon we're just trying to keep it as simple as possible. And, like, one thing. at a time.
Hattie Boydle: Well, we want to get this strength book up before we head over, before we go away. The quicker we can have this, like, fall back, the more people we can catch that say I can't afford coaching. So it's like the quicker you have that available as something they can go to, the quicker you don't lose a sale, essentially. So that's why we're trying to hustle this back-end part.
Kyle Musca: Are you guys far off finishing that?
Hattie Boydle: Yeah, well, the goal is to be done in the next two weeks, so no matter what, that's the time pressure. I'll have to film some videos for it as well.
Kyle Musca: Do you guys have, like, opt-in software? Like for emails and stuff?
Hattie Boydle: Not really. I feel like you've got to be consistent with that, and I'm not consistent enough. I just realised this week I missed the email. I've been doing one every Monday, and I just realised this week I forgot.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because that's another, again, we won't add that in, that's probably...
Hattie Boydle: Excuse me. What was that?
Kyle Musca: I was going to say, we won't focus on that right now, because there's already enough on the play, but that'd be like another, even just like for, I guess, lead making stuff, wanting to collect emailing lists to grow it, but then also start the conversations off the back end of that, but we won't focus on that right now.
Hattie Boydle: One thing at a time.
flexmethod: Who's my thing with Kyle, Barry? Who's that? Okay. Okay. So, with Last month, what did I say? $112,000 a month. And this week, we just finished October at $125,300 with half the day to go. So, still improving. Still another $12,000 up over last month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, if you keep growing at that rate, you'll be pretty...
flexmethod: If we can survive the Christmas period, still maintain your growing. It will be set up very well for next year.
Kyle Musca: Well, that was the other thing I was talking to someone about, actually, which is a really cool idea, is like having an internal... Not a challenge type thing, but like a point system type challenge. It's like the more active they are and everything like that, the more points they get. Like if they share it on their stories, they get a certain amount of points. If they refer a friend to join, they get a certain amount of points. And then like at the end of that, in like maybe, you know, I guess any time of the new year after January, February, March type thing, Maybe the person who wins the most points wins a holiday to Parley or something.
flexmethod: I was thinking about, you know how EBT has ambassadors? I was wondering that. If there are people that we know that aren't really in the coaching realm, as in they don't have their coach, they don't have their own company, and we can give them free coaching and in return they just like, or they get like commission off like however many people they refer or stuff like that. Like you think like people like Shana, Hattie, like she's so not like in the fitness realm anymore, but she needs extra money. And if she did like a fat loss phase with Flex and like put her on a thing and like any person that asked her about it, she referred in. She got like X amount for like an upfront package. Like she built her audience on being a bikini pro and now the people that are still there are just kind of Lingering from her fitness days.
Kyle Musca: That's like... that's a really marketing. It works really well if you can get it right. Yeah. people don't have the pool of, like, having big-named people that they can bring on, but I'm sure you guys could certainly figure that out.
flexmethod: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And, like, honestly, like, if you can get what you're doing with Millie sort of down pat and, like, smoothly operating, then it's like there's no reason you can't just keep replicating that. Because I kind of had the idea with someone in it, like, kind of had the idea that you could have, like, a large kind of coaching company in the back end, and that is, like, the actual one coaching company, but then have, like, all these different affiliates as the front end face of it, if that makes sense.
flexmethod: Yeah. I mean, the goal, like, is still to kind of copy-paste what we've done with Millie. But to be honest, like, might re-evaluate, like, if the people... Well, we'll see how this goes. We'll see how it goes with Millie over the next, like, six months. Like, if it turns out to be really successful, might just... Keep expanding, because having one business model is definitely simpler, but if it's like, we're like, oh , maybe we should have done the hands-off approach, just selling in her account with one person in the community answering questions or anything like that, then maybe if we were to repeat it, we'd just find somebody who's like Desi, who's just completely out of the coaching field, but everybody follows her because she's an athlete, and it's just like, you know, sign up for Desi's hybrid style training program, and you've got a coach in there, like, she might do a group call with them, and we've got a coach in there answering everybody's questions, but like, the actual, like, program is like, people just follow, like, her program, like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
flexmethod: Like what Rachel does with Omeh.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. We'll take some, like, figuring out if there's anything new he does, but like, if you can get it to, I guess, that ratio of enough of a headache that it's definitely paying off. Yeah. Yeah. You
flexmethod: We'll just see how it goes with Clem A. She might get in there and if she sells, you know, if she's just in there full-time selling and I'm just in there full-time generating leads and she's selling 10 people a week on an upfront package, like, we're still making an extra, yeah, like 10. 10k a week, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, I would, um, I would also try in Millie's account to try and put up a flow just to see how you can get, if you do a CTA of a word trigger, just to see what the response like is like off that.
flexmethod: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just because then, yeah, you have to see clear numbers of how many people have actually messaged through.
flexmethod: Right.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Anything else you guys are struggling with at the moment?
Hattie Boydle: Um, just tasks to do, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, yeah, next main steps are just, um, once that podcast is finished, just give it some short-form marketing material for it, and then quickly set up a flow that won't take as long at all, and we can just start pumping that out.
flexmethod: Yep.
Hattie Boydle: Awesome.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Um, cool. All right. If you guys run into any issues, let me know. Otherwise, um, oh, do you get a chance to Do to change the wording on that graphic at all?
flexmethod: Oh, no. I can't. I don't even know where that graphic is. I might just have to redo. Or, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You could always just screenshot that actual graphic, and then just, like, redo the wording, and then just put it over where the wording piece is, if that makes sense.
flexmethod: Okay. Do either of you have that graphic without the circle around the word?
Kyle Musca: Uh, yeah, I should do, yeah.
flexmethod: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. All right. I'll send that to you now. Um, hello. Thank you. Well, enjoy the rest of the day. Enjoy the weekend.
Hattie Boydle: I'll chat to you guys Happy Halloween.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, happy Halloween too. Bye. See ya. Bye. Bye.


>>> 236/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-31T05:03:57Z | id:98226742
People: Kyle Musca

Torin McGlynn: This meeting is being recorded. How are you doing, Kyle?
Kyle Musca: Good, how are you?
Torin McGlynn: I'm doing good, man. I'm doing good. Are back in Australia?
Kyle Musca: I am, yeah. I'm very adjusted. It's sort of hitting me today.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah. Well, it's four hours behind.
Kyle Musca: Six hours behind. Six hours here, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, okay. You're definitely going to take a few days to regulate, I'd say.
Kyle Musca: I slept for, like, 30 hours on Tuesday, and then, like, slept for 11 hours, and I was like, oh, yeah, feeling pretty good, and then, like, nah, it's caught up with me, .
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, like hibernation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, man. Well, we'll right in. How's things been this week?
Torin McGlynn: Things have been good, bro. I just got off an interview there with a girl, just 19, but she's sounded pretty good. She's doing, like, mostly in-person, quite a lot of experience, gone through some, like, health stuff herself. Sounded pretty promising. Like, I would, got a good feeling of her.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The only issue there is, like, because it seems like the older women are probably going to be the demographic that work well, your audience. Older women can have, you know, constraints taking advice from younger women.
Torin McGlynn: That is true. I did, I already, I did think about that. Um, she does have actually a good bit of, uh, experience with older women. Um, she didn't seem like the kind of type that's, like, super intimidating for women. Like, I know that's kind of a concern. Um, and then there's also still, I did another interview with a guy that was just awful. I just knew instantly off the call. was like, that's, like, exactly what I'm not looking for. Um, and I also have the thing where, like, my, my good friend, I could make my, my coach, which I could see the dynamic, like, the more I think about it, the more I see the dynamic going quite well.
Kyle Musca: go. Is that a guy or a girl?
Torin McGlynn: It's a guy.
Kyle Musca: How close are you? Best friend?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, best friends. He's like ridiculously jacked, but not on like a, he's natty, like way bigger than me. Best natty physique you've ever seen by far. And could go probably IFBB Pro. And he's also, I just couldn't imagine him working pretty well at the demographic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I mean, then you've got to take into consideration, like, do you want to cross those wires type thing? Because, you know, life has its ups and downs and everything like that. So it's like, you know, if a coach starts getting tardy and stuff, you kind of do have to pull them back in line. And you don't want it to, you do also want it to be like a, you know, boss-employee kind of relationship. Like they don't want to, you don't want to be like a mate kind of thing where they, you know, you've just been mates for ages and everything like that. And then they kind of like thinking that they're seeing eye-to-eye. With you, like, same level type thing. I mean, you want to make sure that you've got that authority and they actually take, you know, if you were to crack down on it, they take it.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I think it is that case. I think it looks up to me in a way. It's not like a friend that's, like, thinks they're better than me in some way and, like, can challenge me all the time. I if I said, do this, he would definitely do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yeah, those are just the things you have to take into consideration at the end of the day. But, like, yeah, your business, you've interviewed them, whoever you feel is going to be the right fit.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, for sure. I've still got loads more to do. It's just been, I've just been kind of doing, like, one every so often. Just to, it's not at a point where I'm, like, burnt out right now. I still think I could take on, like, 10 more clients.
Kyle Musca: I would, for the coaching interviews, I would probably line them up, like, back-to-back. Because then you get, like, a really good, fresh, like, who you like the most. And you just get done a lot sooner as well.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool. I've got, like, a, she's from, like, Europe. Where is she from? She's, like, from, like. Some, like, I don't know, kind of country, but, like, she is a friend of a coach that I hired for the other business, and he's, like, the craziest workhorse, because, you know, $17.50 would be, like, an insane wage for her. I just want to see how good her English is and kind of charisma.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Where is he from?
Torin McGlynn: I don't know. He's, like, maybe some, like, Emirates somewhere. I don't know if he's saying it. It's not, like, a kind of packy kind of place, but kind of, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I mean, again, as long as you think they'll fit well. That kind of remains our focus point until, like, obviously, you know, getting the marketing machine continuing to turn. But I think our focus point, for sure, is just, like, you need a coach to take these people on.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah. I'll find someone. It's not really. It will click. Perfect.
Kyle Musca: Sure. Yeah. Obviously, in saying that as well, you don't want to hire someone that turns out to be , so don't rush it either.
Torin McGlynn: No, I won't. For sure. For sure. Like, if I was rushing it, I'd probably have already hired someone, but I know that I have the time. And I obviously had that conversation with the business partner, and I kind of hinted at, like, this could be my time to just, like, get out of your business, even if it's 10K a month of, like, pure profit for not much work. But I just know myself. It's kind of one of those things where it's, like, do I believe in myself enough that that's, like, which I do. I definitely do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. No, 100%. And especially as we've gone down the organic route, which is probably something I want to definitely chat about today and just squeezing that lemon as much as humanly possible for you.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: For sure. Yeah. So, beautiful. All right. Well, let's go over the main things, right? Like, the core stuff. So, you've gotten 10 calls booked total. We've taken four. We've got four more to go. So, so far, there's two people that haven't shown.
Torin McGlynn: To have a challenge, yeah. This morning, I had a call. Instantly, he said, I'm 18. I just pretty much just told him the price instantly. Didn't waste my time pitching it. And then he was like, absolutely way over my budget. And I was like, okay, cool. Goodbye.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, fair. Yeah, okay, cool. I mean, total revenue is like 12.2, man. So that's really good.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, good. Really good. This month has been pretty nuts. As we obviously saw, it's like 42.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's almost like weekly what you're making in a month, six weeks ago.
Torin McGlynn: Literally, which is nuts. It's been really good.
Kyle Musca: Honestly, everything's been fantastic. Yeah, beautiful. Close rate, 50%. So have you sold two so far?
Torin McGlynn: Sold two so far. got a, what did I get? 3K paid in full. I got a 500 with a 1K being charged today. So pretty much 4.5K. If I get the K today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. What on the two didn't close, what did you feel was the constraint there?
Torin McGlynn: One was just an absolute retired man, to be honest. One was a fat girl that's like super on the left, challenging me on my  and my pitch and stuff. And like, I don't even want her as a fly. I don't even. And she said on the call, I'm proud to be fat.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Honestly, those ones, I like to, as I'm pretty sure I've said to you, you know, practice with the  ones before. So a good closer would just like, if they know, even with that kid that was 18, like if you're, you know, if I was really trying to get good at sales, I would still go through with the call. And then just because I know I'm going to have to objection handle, just like objection handle, like a , like do stuff that you'd never usually do on a, you know, high pressure call. Cause it's like, no, you're not going to get it. Maybe you will. Well, I remember talking to one dude, and he sounded retarded.
Torin McGlynn: I don't know if he was or anything.
Kyle Musca: He sounded proper kind of retarded. But he was working and everything like that. So I got to the point where it was like objection handling. I like, man, let's figure this out. Where can you get the money? Do you get any government benefits?
Torin McGlynn: For being a retired?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, I like, he sounds retarded, but he's got government benefits. I was like, could you ask your parents for money and  like that? Like, just obviously, I wouldn't ask that on a normal call, but I was like,  it. And I was literally just going back and forth for like 50 minutes with him. Just objection handling, just like refusing to let him get off the phone, basically. And then I was like, cool, I'll Tommy to call you back up. And, you know, because eventually I had to let go. I could have kept continuing on. It wasn't mostly about closing the call. It was just like, how much can I actually push them and like testing, just going through different objection cycles, essentially.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was kind of like that liberal kind of woman. It was a bit like that. Like, I was like. Doing all the getting away from the price to the value thing, and like, she was just a  case. And then one of them, what was the other one?
Kyle Musca: With that, you you probably don't want to work with someone like that anyway, but I always find just like, when they say they're proud and, you know, like they're not giving you the answers you want, or like they're not. So one, we've spoken about like you have to challenge them and stuff, right? Yeah, of course. Yeah, sometimes I just like to ask them like kind of, so you challenge first because you don't want to offend, but then if they're still being like really like to the point where, you know, they're just not giving you the answers that are just like logistically there right in front of both of you, but they're just like left-winged, not saying it, just ask them like, I guess like how and what questions, you know what mean? And it's like, oh, proud to be fat, but like I'd like to lose the weight, but I know I could do it myself. I'm like, oh yeah, how are you going to do that? And they'll be like, oh, I'll just figure it out. And then most people are like, oh, okay. And then move on, but just stay there. Yeah. But like, how will you figure it out?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. That's actually the book you got me to read. They kind of say to do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like don't move on at like a surface level answer that just like prompts them moving on. It's like, if you, cause if you can't get over that hurdle, their mind is still in, I will just figure it out somehow magically.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. So you're challenging them a bit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But just asking like how and what questions, like you don't have to challenge first, but then it's like, it's just how and what it's just, how, how are going to do that?
Torin McGlynn: Oh yeah.
Kyle Musca: But like, how are you actually going to do that?
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah. I found that's like, I've been listening to a few people's calls recently. And I find that's like a big sticky point is people will get a pretty surface level response and then just move on. And it's like, if you can't break that and like, you can tell like that is where the core goes down the drain because it's like, they're still in that mindset. And if you can't change that and get them to realize like what they're saying is stupid, because to you, it's like, that's just. It's a stupid thing to say, but to them, it's just, I'll just figure it out somehow.
Torin McGlynn: They haven't thought past that. Yeah, yeah, totally, yeah.
Kyle Musca: What about the other one?
Torin McGlynn: The other one was a woman that literally said at the very start of the call, like, look, I've got a coach already. I'm just kind of seeing what other coaches have to offer. She kind of pre-ante-closed me, I guess. And then at the very end, she was like, okay, do you, like, I'm not going to do this right now. I'm like, obviously got a coach right now, and I really like his program. I'm just kind of, and I was like, why do you, why are you even on the call with me then? And she's like, oh, the nutrition's a bit boring. And I was like, okay, so you are happy to go with the next three, three to six months just eating boring meals and dreading your meals. And she was like, yeah. And I thought I had her when I said that. I thought that was a really good thing to say. And then she was like, look, I've got like another month on this block I have with him. I want to do it. I'm not going to pay you today, but your program sounds really good. And I was like. Like, I tried to, like, get her, like, okay, what if you didn't pay him? Like, the money goes towards the, this program and stuff, and then she was just not really having it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it's, you're, you're reading through Never Split the Difference.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so he talks about the black swan, which is basically, like, a key piece of information that, like, will change the outcome. Yeah. And you need to uncover that. So, usually, like, and again, I would continue going down rabbit holes, like, okay, it's boring nutrition. Okay. And do you, like, have you been able to stick to it because it's been boring? No. Okay. Well, that's a lot more than just it's been boring, you know, now you're not actually getting results. So, if she said that, then it's, like, well, you're not actually able to stick to the nutrition, so you're not getting results. So, you're kind of just, like, throwing that money down the drain, don't you think? Yeah. Okay. So, do you want to keep throwing money down the drain, or do you actually want to invest in something worth investing?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's true. And I should loads for this program as well.
Torin McGlynn: So I was like, okay, this is going to be like a US piff if I get this. And then it just didn't really happen.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. You can also like pull out some urgency there. It's hard to do this at this point without sounding salesy, but you can be like, look, yeah, no, completely understand. I'm more than happy for you to, you know, stay with that coach if you feel like it's worth it for that extra month. Full transparency for you. I am pretty much at capacity. could take on maybe 10 more people, absolute max. I'm getting about five people joining a week. And then after that point, I'm going to bring on a coach and I'm going to increase my rates. So you can stay, but I can pretty much guarantee you that it won't be the same price as today.
Torin McGlynn: And it might be me as well. Yeah. That's a, that's a good one for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it's just really, whenever you, I've, I've really noticed like whenever you're If in a high pressure, like you're about to say something high pressure, just give them an out. You know what mean? Like, you know, it's completely up to you. You can stay with them, complete, you know, all that stuff. That's absolutely fine. But it's just like, you just give someone an out because it's kind of like, well, it is what is pressure? It's like a buildup, right? You're just poking a hole in it. You can leave. Yeah. Okay. This is what I'm doing.
Torin McGlynn: Makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Makes sense. Yeah. So that's a really, really good, like, little thing to remember. It's like, whenever you're always just give them an out, essentially. Because then it kind of is like, I'm not really desperate for yourself. You can  go away.
Torin McGlynn: But this is just like, what's happening? Yeah. Yeah. When I was doing, like, calls for business mentors, I picked up that that was almost every time they were like, oh, I don't, pretty much, I don't need your business. But, like, I know that you're going to do really well. And then, because they would obviously have really good sales experience. Yeah. And Thank So every single one of them was a high-pressure sales call. Your one was the most chill by far.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But even that's like a sales tactic. Like, if you get on the phone with Matt Ryder as well, he's very much like that, Mike. He's very much like, I don't give a  what you do.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it's a strat, hey. Like, yeah, like, our call just sounded like a normal call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. No, it's like, that guy is like, go to the menu. And he'll be like, pay him 10 grand a month. And it's like, wait a second.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's cool. Getting better at sales, got a back load of three of videos, which is nice. Close some good deals, changed the lead main and got call out CTAs still in real revenue with no ads. Perfect. The CTAs you're putting in the video now quickly?
Torin McGlynn: Yes. I didn't do on the last two because I just wanted to be every video. But we obviously did it for like three videos.
Kyle Musca: One got like 12,000 comments and one got like 6,000. Yeah,  that. That's insane. One thing I would do, I don't know if you'd do it, but like, obviously, Matt, Matt's gotten really good at, like, if you just break, analyze his videos, like, you've got the filming down part, clearly. But like, if you break down, like, even the CTAs and stuff that he does, like, you'll notice that he even does the CTAs in the video now. But then he does things like, I'm going to drop the full, I'm going to drop the full recipe in the captions below. If you want my, and then you can be like, if you want my high protein, lower calorie one, just comment the word, you know, I mean, whatever. Because even just by getting them to obviously click on the caption, it opens it up, expands it, and they spend more time on the post, which will just keep help pushing yours if they have to read it. And then they, it also gives them a reason to save the video as well.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: That would probably also help filter out the people that are a little bit more serious about weight loss as well, if you say, if you want my higher, you know, lower calorie, high protein version.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I'll do that on the video today. I wasn't going to post a video today, but then I, why wouldn't I? Because I thought I'll keep some videos for next week. Because I thought Fridays would be a little bit less engagement, but may as well.
Kyle Musca: I can't remember, 27,000, that's crazy.
Torin McGlynn: You get crazy comments, and crazy likes. My likes are comparable to his.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, yeah. Like, your filming is pretty much exactly the same, which is great.
Torin McGlynn: I just want to, like, look at this purely from a CTA perspective. Oh, I've analysed his page big time. Like, the first recipe that I tried was, I pretty much copied him, but that's pretty much what I did.
Kyle Musca: If you watch his, like, he does the exact same thing every single time. Like, it pretty much says the exact same thing every time.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, so do I. Yeah. So it's automatic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So if you're just lazy and want to be high protein, dump your oatmeal, flour, baking powder, favorite protein powder, egg, milk, get a blender, and blend. Now pour your batter. Even this.
Torin McGlynn: This makes five mini waffles with 48 grams of protein.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's good. That is, you know, Fathom, really.
Torin McGlynn: I don't even know if he's making cash, though, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Makes much cash.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, like, he does a challenge. His only thing that he sells is the  with the lights on challenge. And he, like, closes the doors on it all the time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he only lets, like, 10 people in. It's, like, a weird constraint thing that he's trying to do. He's trying to push scarcity and urgency, which I get. But it's, like, he could definitely open it up a lot more than he is.
Torin McGlynn: It's a challenge, though. Like, if it's marketed, I don't know how much money he makes. I talk to him sometimes on Instagram. Obviously, I haven't just asked him how much money he's making. But just to me, the strat looks like he could make, like, a million a month with our... What much engagement he gets.
Kyle Musca: Well, I trained with him in that Mitch Little Guy like a couple of months ago and he was like not making that much. This was like just before he started really popping off and he wasn't making like that much at all and he didn't like have any of the systems. And then he went with another, you know, business mentor type thing. And then like, that's, I assume why they're doing these challenges and stuff, but it was like a typical one where it was like three months of setting up systems.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it's like, we'll do a challenge and then like let 10 people in. I'm like, dude, you're getting like a million views a video.
Torin McGlynn: He literally gets a million views every video.
Kyle Musca: It's crazy. But anyway. The hell is this? Oil. Anyway, so many of you guys have sent me this one to try. So let's give it a go and I'll let you know whether it  or We should just skip him.
Torin McGlynn: He does that a little, he has a few little mannerisms. He does. He does like a good few of like the same mannerisms every video.
Kyle Musca: This series is all about trying viral recipes like this to let you know whether they're worth your time. And I'll often suggest changes to make them higher in protein and fiber, lowering calories, or just to make them taste better. Anyway, that's enough waffling on. Let's give them a try. Holy! They are so simple, but so delicious. They 100% deserve a super fire. Man, these have got me excited. I tell you what, comment the word waffle below, and I'll send you my top five  recipes. He's a whole time. Yeah, see, like, see, even something like that's  great.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, he's very good on the camera, too, I have to say.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, like, even when you can't really, because it's already a high-protein, low-calorie version, you what mean? Just  chuck in a, you know, lead magnet, essentially.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: 27,000 is  crazy.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, well, the one that we did, like, was, like, just half that. Still, like, a million point five ... Followers.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I literally go onto his page and just copy the recipes that he's tried when they've done well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's  work. He actually doesn't like, I guess it was just that one. Yeah, that one got crazy views for the great engagement ratio. Anyway, yeah, come back to this. Six, okay, nice.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, lots of fun. It's just the phone number thing because my phone number doesn't work on text for some reason.
Kyle Musca: works with calls. It doesn't work.
Torin McGlynn: That's weird. I'll get it sorted. It's not a massive issue that we need to discuss much of.
Kyle Musca: That's, yeah, that's only to serve like the automation and stuff for booked calls. And like, obviously, when we, you know, if and when we decide to do text, mail ads and stuff, then, yeah. That's not the end of the world type thing. Yeah. Lead mags organic is. We call that CTA, so that's what I want to talk about in this, we'll pass through that, but like all the different ways of just starting CTA, like starting conversations. Although I slowed down a bit, I'm not worried. One word of process, upgrade over the weekend, clients love it, we've got a really good coaching, got really good coaching done. What did you add to it?
Torin McGlynn: I added like a, I'll show you, I just redesigned. So I have like a PDF that I send them, like every client, so it's called the game plan. And yeah, I'll go into this one. We're on Zoom, okay. I made this like, the meal plans just look a bit nicer, and I'll show you. This is like the game plan. Then I go through there like five physique fundamentals, like set your environment, get the right foods in the drawers, your weekly overview. Then I have like why this plan works, I'll chat to And then I have like their calories with their split, and then their meal plan has like their treat, because I obviously like really say that we're going to do flexible eating, and then I have like ingredients, method, why, and literally why with everything, and then their calories and the protein and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Is this all unique to each client?
Torin McGlynn: Every single one is done unique to each client, yeah. These are, this is a 3,000 US client, so. Oh, right, okay. It's not that hard, it looks like it'd be really hard, it does take me  ages sometimes. I literally put into ChatDBT, make me a meal plan using Walmart and US brands, with, and in their questionnaire, they have like food preferences, this is their preferences, this is their allergies, this is their goals, give me the calories, give me the shop list, and give me a treat at the end, and it does it, and I just copy and paste it off.
Kyle Musca: Do you have a coaching platform you use, like trainerize, I think? Yeah, I use OneFifth. Yeah, okay. OneFifth, I use I Yeah. Cool.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah. So then I also have, like, required things.
Kyle Musca: You can't chat to PC, it's, like, errors wrong. Even when you get sponsored by Ghost, I would change all that to Ghost as well.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, everything will be Ghost. Oh, yeah. That's a massive thing that happened today.
Kyle Musca: Hang just going to turn it around. Can I? No worries. Thank you.
Torin McGlynn: Sorry about that. noise, bro.
Kyle Musca: Phone broke, I had to like order a new one.
Torin McGlynn: That's all right.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
Torin McGlynn: Sorry, what were we? So you said like with the, we're getting into like ghosts and stuff. This is the presentation that I send them.
Kyle Musca: A lot of this is just the same for every client, but the things that I change is just these ones. Yeah, perfect.
Torin McGlynn: These work really well. They're super impressed.
Kyle Musca: You could even like do like a Loom video explaining it if you want to.
Torin McGlynn: I do like Loom video.
Kyle Musca: I with every client.
Torin McGlynn: That's their onboarding. And then I have, that's like their first call. Takes me like 20 minutes. And if I was like, if do five of these in a row and do the Loom videos, I can do them all in one day. So it doesn't actually, it's fine in terms of.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Have I sent you the roadmap sheet before?
Torin McGlynn: No, me and Sage were talking about this today. I, um, we should definitely do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's, so obviously you spoke to Sage about it. So like, did he explain how to use and stuff?
Torin McGlynn: Uh, not really. I just said, like he, he explained like, um, that he was doing it and for retention and stuff. Um, I'll show you after this what I'm doing right now. Um, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this is like, basically something like this, um, you obviously just rebranded to your own stuff, but like on that first check and call you have with the client, each client should get their own one. So you'd like make a copy and do, you know, John Doe, um, And basically the idea for this is just so they have like a continuous goal in mind. Because like what will happen is like you'll get to the end of three months, for example, and if they signed up for three months, it's like, cool, I know how to cut weight now, I'm all good to go. But it's like, so people buy information and that's the only way you're going to get them to stick around is like if you can provide them with a new piece of information so they now have a new problem. So it's like, cool, the first week we're just going to prime, you know, we're obviously going to get into our calorie deficit and lose weight, but we just want to make sure that we've got our foundation built. From there we get more advances if we go through the programming, this would be like more of our hardcore dieting phase. That's going to go for about, you know, 12 weeks, whatever you put it as. When you change the date on this one as well, like the rest of the dates will change. Oh, cool, nice. And then like obviously the week of phase and then the actual training cycle itself, right? So like at this point I'd get a new program, for example. Um, and then like. You know, at that point, like, you know, say they want to lose 10 kilos, so it's like in 12 weeks, let's just say, we want to be at that goal. That's going to be our first milestone. Once we get there, we're going to want to, like, reverse diet. It's really important to reverse diet properly because a lot of people just go straight back into a gain and it completely  all their progress. And it's just like, you add so much fatty tissue on it, you know, in some cases it can cause irreversible damage. It's super important we do this. Because also, we can, like, go into a gaining phase, but we can stay really lean while doing it and , you know, we just hype it up, right? So we're going to do that for, you know, I would say probably eight weeks if I was doing it myself, where we just, like, slowly drip feed those calories back into your system. And then we're going to get into a proper gain for another six weeks or something like that, right? Right through winter. And then, you know, at that point, it's going to put us back into a dieting phase, whatever you'd say. And then short-term goals, obviously, we're looking to cut 10 kilos over the next two months. Medium-term goals, we're going to do, you know, cut then. Bulk, reverse diet into an actual proper gain while reducing fatty tissue. then long-term, want to be, you know, lean, five to eight kilos heavier after our next cup.
Torin McGlynn: Do you just at the very start?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, pretty much on the very first check-in, very first check-in call you have with them. Because like, you're probably not going to have that much data to go over. And then it's like every, so this works for two good reasons besides what I just said, is like every couple of weeks, like every single week or every second week, you can bring this up with a client just so they know where they're at in the journey. And you also know where they're at in the journey. So it's like, cool, week three, we want to try and upsell them again. Week eight, we know that, you know, we're coming to the end of their program. Week eight, coming to the end of their program, we really need to start planting the seed of how important it is to do X, Y, Z next.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. All right. Okay. How do you bring this up? You just say like, look, let's go over your roadmap and you understand like the direction you're going kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: All All So, On the first call or in general? Both. So the first call, I'll kind of bring it up and be like, so this is going to be the, you know, your roadmap over the next 12 months. I know you only signed up for three months, but like, it's really important for us to have a long-term goal because what happens is a lot of people will get through, you know, one phase and then it will just go back to their old ways and it ruins all the progress. So really important for you to understand like where we're at and what the next steps are, essentially how it's at. Cool. And then obviously they already know what it is once you pull it up. So it's like, you just quickly pull it up. doesn't have to spend long on it. You know, currently we're, we're two weeks in where, you know, we got one more week of that priming phase.
Torin McGlynn: Then we'll probably look at dropping your calories further from that point and getting a little bit more aggressive with things.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: So it just helps with that. Okay. Yeah. That sounds good. That sounds good. My road mapping is like on the app right now. I just go through different phases with them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, I mean, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: This one looks, this one looks perfect. Perfect. I'm like, that sounds like it would be perfect for them. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Going back into, is there anything specific you want to cover before I get into what I want to get into?
Torin McGlynn: It might come up. Right now, let's just get into that for sure.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, what were you saying?
Torin McGlynn: It will come up. It will come up. Let's get into what you're saying first, and then if I think of anything.
Kyle Musca: It's important. Yes. Optimize about book calls, hire a coaching interview. Yeah. Cush interviews for coach. yeah, again, that's the main. That's the most important part for right now. Learning ads. was interesting to see what happened with those video ads. Bit of a slow burn there.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah. They kind of fell off, actually, the two leads. One of them, actually, one of them was booked on Monday.
Kyle Musca: We'll see what happens. Yeah. So again, I think video ads will probably help a lot more. So when we're ready for it, we can turn them back on, but we'll try and squeeze organic. So essentially, what I was going to try and what I was going to say is, let's pull up your account, show my screen so you can see. Really using, so you're using your CTAs and your stories, which is great, getting a lot of volume through here. How's Columet handling the volume, by the way?
Torin McGlynn: It's hard. That's another thing, I suppose, is like, it's really the time of day to actually, like, review her setting skills. I don't even know if she's doing that good of a job, because I, obviously, I've never been in this position before. She doesn't tell me that she's overwhelmed or anything. One day, she said, like, there's a lot of leads today, and I just said, do an extra two hours, I'll pay you for it. But I thought that, like, during the week, I thought, like, okay, there's a few things here that I was going through that I thought, okay, this could have been set, I reckon. But at the same
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so one thing I like to do there is just come into the obviously most important ones. So I just checked the automation quickly.
Torin McGlynn: That's for today's video, the top one.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, you'll turn that on when it's ready. Let's go 18 hours ago. That's nice and recent. Recipes and Fathom is just the recipe, so I'll probably add a tag here as well.
Torin McGlynn: I added something, but I don't know what it was. Zoom into the... Zoom into the recipe on the top one. I don't know if I added actually wrong. Oh, yeah. Beside it says Greek yogurt, says I used, and I didn't finish typing it. See that on the top recipe? It says I used. Just delete beside Greek yogurt. Oh, where were we? 450 grams of 0% Greek yogurt, and it says I used. Delete that. It's so weird, though. It doesn't really like when you try to do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Perfect. So then what I would do, right, and we can still do this, actually. Hang on. Come back here. Back into here.
Torin McGlynn: You have press edit, I think.
Kyle Musca: No, that's happening, which is not good, but that might have just been, because that shouldn't have happened. Okay, maybe it's because I edited it, but essentially what you can do here is use this clicked, and then you can do tag as recipes and weight loss. So just, if you ever need to add a tag.
Torin McGlynn: Ah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But then you come in here. Recipes and weight loss. Recipes weight loss. Recipes Did you add this back in?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, the sure thing thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Um, was that always, did we say to take that away?
Kyle Musca: That was in there originally, and then we spoke about it, and I said, like, just rip it out, and I'd conversate with everyone.
Torin McGlynn: Ah, okay. Okay, that must have been I just copy and pasted the wrong one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd probably...
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, pull that out. I'll pull it out.
Kyle Musca: I'll make an updated one again. Yeah, and then, because these people are all interested in weight loss, so...
Torin McGlynn: Ah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, Wait Wait a a minute. I mean, yeah, because, yeah, sorry. Because you get sent to 990 people sent, and then at the end it's only nine. Literally 1%. Yeah, so it's like, yeah, 116 people got to that point. Still pretty.
Torin McGlynn: You know when you go into, can you like remind them to press the button? Like, like, go to where it says recipes and fat loss or just recipe at the very beginning of the thing. Press edit on that. What does, see that little gear beside? Retry if reply isn't, follow up if contact hasn't engaged. Like, is one of these going to help?
Kyle Musca: Wait. I feel like one out.
Torin McGlynn: Well, no, that's fine. Choose next step.
Kyle Musca: Right, you can't do. Hey, never heard back. Yeah, so you could add something like that if you wanted to. Sure, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: You won't. I just noticed that old gear.
Kyle Musca: Right now. That is cool. Cool little feature. Cool. Okay, so yeah, I'll probably just rip that out and say, anyway, what we're trying to do is get into the, so essentially what I'm trying to say here is like, just filter from like the ones you actually want to read that are most, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, they're most interested.
Kyle Musca: So like, sure thing, for example.
Torin McGlynn: Is that me?
Kyle Musca: This person said they're actually open to it, and then amazing, I touched base with you, so I never heard back.
Torin McGlynn: It's not really a question there, though, is there? go. On this one? Is this actually me?
Kyle Musca: No, this seems to be meta. Amazing. I'll touch base with you on one line next. I don't think that's got to be automated.
Torin McGlynn: No, but see, the contact you're on says me.
Kyle Musca: Oh. That's probably just blueberry zest.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, yeah. See, why hasn't PERMA actually, like...
Kyle Musca: I'll say, so again, I would say this is probably a filtering issue. Because if we go... Let's get one where it actually got good replies. So this one for sure. And then you've got sure things. 7% click through 48 people. Let's tag these. We have the recipes and weight loss.
Torin McGlynn: I can already see someone of that Emma star right there is one I've closed.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. So let's... Recipes and Let's refresh this. Recipes I don't understand how that person didn't click on it, so I don't know how that came up, but still cutting fat loss, nothing was ever done. What the  was happening here? Oh, that's recipient weight loss, so it's not the tag I'm looking for. Sorry, tag these items as uh uh I don't know. That's good.
Torin McGlynn: We're going to lead mag for now. There's going be a good few lead mags, I reckon.
Kyle Musca: Oh, it's not a lot of tag, man.
Torin McGlynn: I see what you're doing now.
Kyle Musca: Add tag, test, lead mag. That's so cool. Add tag, test, debit Yeah. Okay. You Did you change the script to that?
Torin McGlynn: Sometimes she changes it, like based on what, no, the script is still the same one that we've been using. It could get a new script, though.
Kyle Musca: I just wouldn't say, like, would you potentially be potentially interested in working with a coach? I'm to say just like out of curiosity, have you ever thought about, you know, getting a coach to help you do it in your routine?
Torin McGlynn: I'm to screenshot that and just tap her.
Kyle Musca: I'm going to it's experiencedatlantic You I The
Torin McGlynn: So, out of curiosity, have you ever thought about getting...
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sure thing, sure thing, sure thing. So these are three Mists right here, four Mists. These are all people that have said they're open to talking to you about coaching, how to dial things in, essentially. Sure thing, sure thing, sure thing. So I would definitely say with just the sheer volume you're getting, you really need to, like, filter them better, essentially. So I'll make and say, look, these are the cream of crop people.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: So I'll these the the of which You could, you could get, leave something like this in there for further qualification if you wanted to. I'd maybe change it, unless do you have a chat about it currently doing? If you're keen on a touch base, I might ask. Yeah, it just seems like, see, it's a, it's a double-edged sword because one side you've got further qualification. Those people should be your highest interest and intent. On the other side, you get a lot of drop-off from it. Yeah. So it's like 4,300.
Torin McGlynn: What can we add in just so I can copy and paste it? Like, if we were to make, like, right now the perfect, can you add a tag that's, like, extremely interested or something so then, like, every time I copy and paste this, it's like, okay, this tag on ManyChat is, you need to top-prioritize these people, especially if putting it organic.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, adding a tag's pretty easy.
Torin McGlynn: So it's just to that sure thing thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, like, right now they should be tagged with set user field, which is still a tag, to sure thing. So what you could do there then, actually, is here.
Torin McGlynn: What can I say to, I may just, like.
Kyle Musca: So set user field. And, uh, interested in, interested in coach. Sure thing. See you. Thank And I would scroll down a little bit. Yeah. I mean, she's not missing all of them, there's still some people.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So this, again, one for Clemé to be able to message through, but also for you just to quickly come in and, like, actually see how to get back to these people, you know.
Torin McGlynn: I jumped in for, like, maybe an hour the other day, and I sent some voice notes, and I was able to... Book like two calls, almost straight away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sure thing, sure thing. That's the other thing as well, like, yeah, there's a lot of sure things in Fathom. All those recipes that fell off.
Torin McGlynn: I just said to her there, there's a good few sure thing or buy this from the lead magnets.
Kyle Musca: More sure things.
Torin McGlynn: That's a friend.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, I get it.
Torin McGlynn: That's actually the guy that I talked about, the coach.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right. Yeah, so more, there's heaps of sure things in here, right? More. See, I wouldn't say, I wouldn't say that either. I haven't heard back from you yet, so I just wanted to check to see if now's the right time to discuss how I can support you. I would say, like, just one one The check, did that recipe come through okay? I mean, just to start the conversation. You just want to reply out of them, essentially.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. So what tag did we put on it?
Kyle Musca: Interested in coach. That's already on there. It's a sub-user field, so you can see set user field, which it should just be a tag. don't know why it's like that. Add tag, lead, main, qualified. So that's also a one.
Torin McGlynn: So I can say to my tag on ManyChat, what's the one that's already been there?
Kyle Musca: Lead, main, qualified. Cool. So yeah, learning to, getting a good way to filter them is really important with the volume you're getting. Yeah, of course. And then what I'd also start doing here, and this will work very well for you if you do it right and you do it consistently, that's a really important thing, is all the difference. There are ways you can squeeze out organic CTAs.
Torin McGlynn: Just to confirm, is everyone that's being said sure thing, do they have a tag on ManyChat that says LeadMagQualified?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it should do, because I didn't change that.
Torin McGlynn: I was already there. How many, if you go into ManyChat and go into that, how many actually have that tag right now? It's not bad at all. Can you see ManyShareThings? Just in case, there's something broken out. Yeah, there's a good few ShareThings in there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they go through periods.
Torin McGlynn: ShareThing, ShareThing. I was trying to make it easier for Kome, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yes. Yes.
Torin McGlynn: I want make sure there's one place that has them all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. So this is basically a document that breaks down all the different organic CTAs you can do. And you can literally set this up so like every single day on your story, there is a CTA, both hard and soft. And some of them, a lot of them require you to send the first manual message. That's the only thing. Because that'll be like sticker taps or poll votes or questionnaires or something, right? Are you using Notion?
Torin McGlynn: No.
Kyle Musca: I would use Notion. So Notion is just a really good place to keep notes.
Torin McGlynn: It reminds you of stuff. I just use Apple Notes for how we should.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So this one, like say, we see red ones. They're like dates that are fired off. So then it notifies me to do that task that day. So you can set that for tomorrow. You can set the months in advance. I sit, like I have some where it's like, you know, task reminders. And I've got like dates. Daily reminders, weekly reminders, monthly reminders, et cetera, et cetera. So really good for this type of thing. So what I would do is I would create a Notion tab. If you get Notion or anything that reminds you, it's up to you, where you break this down to the point where every single day you can do something new. So for example, Monday, I would do a hard CTA where it's kind of like basically the ad graphic, right? You just put that up there. Now, with these, I would always do at least two to three, not with all of them, but for things like a hard CTA like this, I would do two to three so you can tell a bit more of a story. And someone who's good at this is, let's see if he's got one up now. Yeah, doesn't have one up right now, but he'll do one like, you know, I've interviewed 20 billionaires. The last year, and here's what I learned. And then it's on the next story. And then it's like you tell like a little bit of a, it's probably, yeah, more of a belief break than anything.
Torin McGlynn: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like.
Torin McGlynn: Do you have a flow of any sort that I can follow?
Kyle Musca: Well, it's in this. Not a flow, but like frequency once a week, one to three silk, like for soft CTAs.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, because it's like, I think I've seen Sage do it before. Where you're saying like, my clients are eating this kind of stuff, and they can't believe it, and they've dropped three kilos, and then there's like three graphs that show the weight drop. And then it's like the third one, if you love your food, and like want to still be able to have your wine on the weekends, and you want to lose age, 10 kilos, 10. I think I'm missing out on them. I do, every day I do like a daily reflection that I try, like add a little bit, like I'm a coach. I could probably, yeah, if I had like a sequence, or like a, I suppose. Bye. It's a repeatable thing I can do every week to make it. So it's like, okay, on Monday, I need to do this. On Tuesday, I need to do this. It'll probably make it better. Because these can fall through the cracks. Like not posting stories is so easy when you're so busy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, I'm terrible at posting stories. But if you, and these are big consistency things. Some of these will build with time, which I'll run through in a second. But every Monday, Sunday, Monday, I would do a story CTF of some sort.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Because we're getting 30K story views right now, which is pretty good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, man. And if you can do a, these are going to be higher intent as well. Then, know, even though you get 12,000 comments, these are going to be a lot higher intent. Like if they message through, they're going to, you know, want help with this. Right. So, yeah, like, again, off the top of my mind, I've helped hundreds of, hundreds of people lose fat while eating the foods that they love. And here's the thing I learned most. Right. And then again, like the more restrictive you try to be, the more likely you'll end up. If you can't actually enjoy. And it's not, doesn't fit in with your lifestyle. You won't be able to stay with it consistently enough for it to actually work. Right. Okay. Yeah. And then again, whatever. And then next story, like that's why the number one thing I focus on with all my clients is flexible eating and educating them on how to do it themselves. If you want to be a part of this community, deem the word food.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. You tell a little bit of a story and then the CTA.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Even like I used to think I couldn't eat stuff like this. Like I got somebody who reflects all my stories. Like I post like a yoga bowl and I get like a hundred replies.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Exactly. And then, so there's a hard one where it's like basically that and it's a direct coaching offer. And then you can kind of copy, like duplicate this with the testimonial transformation one I'll do. So I like to do a hard CT on Monday and a transformation one on Thursday. So So those are my. Two harder ones, right?
Torin McGlynn: Okay, so let me just write this in a note. If you can send me that document as well. Hard, CTA, Mondays and Thursdays. Soft, where it's like, is the soft one like telling a story?
Kyle Musca: So soft is like a little bit less direct, essentially. But like, I just do, to me, I call my transformational one a soft one, because it's more like, here's the result the client got if you want to do the same, DM me this. But that's still technically kind of hard.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Transformation on Thursday. Storytelling, CTA. I break beliefs. I used to think I can keep X. Yeah, just to give myself a little bit of an example. Okay. That's definitely something we're missing out on. on.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, I've known this too. It's one of those things that you know when there's like so much.
Torin McGlynn: Like I know this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Again, they're like the things, know, you just don't do. So it's like, need to structure it. So you do them right. And then again, need consistency with it. So let's say you do that on Monday and Thursday on, let's say Tuesday, you do, let's say Q and A. I really like Q and A's because you, one, you can reply to them so you can engage with your followers and stuff on your story, but you can also reply to that person. directly. know what mean? Like helping, helping people out with, you know, again, think of like, uh, answering some questions on fat loss and nutrition, drop them here. You know what mean? And then like you reply publicly. So people get that like coaching value from you, but then you also message them directly straight off that. And then you just start the conversation directly there. So again, that's a little bit more manual, but again, you know, those people are good. You know, struggling with that issue because they've just, you know,  asked you for help, literally.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Yeah. I'm just doing, I'm actually going to put this on my calendar. Story CTA task every Monday, repeated.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that's, that's a Tuesday one. So the Q&A one, when I send you a recap, this should have it all in it as well. And then again, you can do different ones like that. So again, I would do these probably twice a week. I mean, you can do a three, three, as it says, three to five times weekly, if you really wanted to, because they're not very like on the front end, it just looks like you're helping. Right. So another one you might want to do is, let's say you put a food, like you make a food, you make a meal. It looks really good. put that on the story. Would you want to eat foods like this while losing weight? Yes. And then the second one is hell. Yes. You know what I mean? As a general top of mind thing.
Torin McGlynn: Uh, okay. So what would that be on like a Thursday or Monday?
Kyle Musca: That'd be an example of one. So you might do that one on like, let's say, you know, Friday, for example, right?
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Would you like to eat foods like this? Or if I'm in a restaurant, eat out like this and still hit your goals? Yes. whole yes versus hell yes.
Kyle Musca: Yes. So again, there's examples here as well. Right. Um, yeah. And then again, that's another one you have to manually just send the first message on and then you can make and follow up from that. But you should get a lot of people, you know, touch it.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, I'd say so.
Kyle Musca: Um, even if it's 10 though, it's not too bad. Yeah. Yeah. Um, sticker taps is basically the same thing. So sticker taps would be really good for like, again, again, it doesn't always have to be one story as well. You can't do two or three. I wouldn't do over three because then like, I don't Really, it gets a bit spammy. But like you might say something about nutrition, again, like breaking beliefs, I used to think X, Y, Z, then I came to understood this. I'm giving the first three people that click this a free fat loss nutrition audit.
Torin McGlynn: I used to think X, and now I know X. First three people I'll give a free audit.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so basically what you would do there is you could chat to them, to be honest, but like technically if you're getting lower volume for lower coaches, they'd get on a quick five, 10-minute call with them. Like, yeah, oh yeah, I understand, I understand. And then basically show them all the gaps that they have.
Torin McGlynn: Have you ever thought about getting a coach to solve this? Okay.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. And then with that specifically, like when you say like first three people that tapped this or whatever, basically what you want to do is like two minutes after you put that story up, put another story up. say like, one, Saying like, um, you know, three people already clicked it. That's the cutoff. You know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, to show that you're like, in the box.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you're the  man. And then, but you know, people still haven't seen that. So they're still tapping the sticker anyway. So you can still message off the back end of that. Like, hey, I did the three nutrition audits, but I saw you tap the sticker. So I thought I'd just reach out to see, you know?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah. And what is a, you're chatting to them about an audit, like, oh, what are you doing with your health and fitness goals?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Be like, what are you currently like eating? You know, like, again, what, what are your current goals? What do you, what's your current diet look like? Gotcha. You what are you struggling with most? know, same , just repackaged essentially. Have you ever, out of curiosity, have you ever thought about getting a coach to help you solve this? Yeah. Lives, they're good. If you want to do a live, so you might do a live every Wednesday, breaking down.
Torin McGlynn: Maybe just a straight up Q&A every Wednesday. Oh, Q&A's on Wednesday, like, I could actually just put up on my story instead. And I'd just do, like, live me talking about it.
Kyle Musca: You could do both. Like, you know, you're probably not going to get heaps of views from client testimonial, transformation. Could I speed this up quickly? Could I jump on another call? Well, basically, your hard CTAs, as I said before. So, Monday, you do a hard CTA. Thursday is, like, a client transformation testimony, right? Free reason, lead, man. So, again, that's basically, like, what we did before. Do you online or message me e-book, and I'll send you through my 28 fat loss recipes. Cool. You know what mean? And then you go straight into the miniature. then educational carousals. So, basically, kind of what we said before. We'll tell a story. And then you can do a CTA. Yeah, at the end of that, or in the caption.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Okay. Actually, yeah, I think the carousel is the things. I think I could post them more with, like, some value in them if I'm just, like, spamming these  viral recipes.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, 100%. Yeah, I think Matt even does some of those as well.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I'll analyze a few because I've got loads of photos I can do. Like, here's what I do on a Saturday. Like, some value.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, he definitely does. Yeah. He still gets 5,000 likes from 5,600 likes.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's nuts.
Kyle Musca: And carousel is a good food because he can tell a story. Like, you know. Yeah. Cool, man. But I think, yeah, that will help you just squeeze the organic as much as possible. And I think there'll be a higher intent with that stuff as well, especially, obviously, a hard CTA.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. 100%.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. I remember, like, doing them. I've done them past when I had, like, my application form, which is a little bit easier to track numbers. And I remember, like, one week I did it, I literally had, like, 100 people apply for coaching.
Torin McGlynn: That's sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, on an actual application form and . So, like, it definitely can pay up. I think with an audience like yours, like, you know.
Torin McGlynn: Do you think I should just have an application form in my Instagram? Because right now I have, like, the, I've got my transformation page with the lead, with the sales video.
Kyle Musca: No, I wouldn't say so. Because then you have to reach out with them and then try and get them on a call and stuff. Whereas, like, it's just straight, I would just have DM me that. So, it's just straight to DMs and you can just get them booked on a call ASAP.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. All right. All right. Yeah. Also, with the ghost, thank you for that. She offered me, like, the best deal ever.
Kyle Musca: What was it?
Torin McGlynn: Well, you're obviously getting 15% commission. Yeah. And then she said, look, I'm going to send off your... Your engagement to the team, and then we'll probably pay you as well, and then send you supplements every month, which is sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's pretty crazy, mate.
Torin McGlynn: Do they pay you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: How much do they pay pay me $1,100 base rate.
Kyle Musca: Just everything. $1,100 USD base rate, and then 15% commissions.
Torin McGlynn: And then they send you all the new , and like $500 for allowance. Yeah. Pretty ridiculous, like, Boston Nation did offer a good, but like, by far the best.
Kyle Musca: She's drafting at the contract now. Yeah, beautiful. Cool, man. Well, I do have to run, but you know how you go with that stuff, right?
Torin McGlynn: if you have any issues or not sure, just let me know. I appreciate you, bro. All right, see you later. See you, bro. Bye.


>>> 237/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-31T05:53:44Z | id:98230228
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Bro, how's things?
Sage Damsma: Yo, good bro, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good. How's it been?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, not too bad. Honestly, pretty cruisy. powered through everything yesterday, so today has just been some admin and whatever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice, man. Nice.
Sage Damsma: How you going? You back home?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, trying to readjust to the time zones.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, back to it.
Kyle Musca: , I was like, pretty right yesterday. I was like, cool, I've missed it, but it's definitely caught up a bit today.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it takes a few days.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Where are you staying?
Kyle Musca: Just in an Airbnb in Miami.
Sage Damsma: Oh, sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice. So, cool, right. We'll rip right into things, man. How's this week been going overall?
Sage Damsma: Not too bad. It started off good. It's been a bit slower on the back end of the week. back. No. No. Not necessarily slower, maybe just more reschedules than anything, like a lot of calls yesterday, today, even the day before, they've just had  come up. They have rescheduled the call themselves for next week, but they've got reasons. They're not canceling, which is nice, I guess, but it's still just annoying, you know? It's like, oh, come on, , get on the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and I've kind of noticed that across pretty much everyone's account, including mine, that this week has just been a bit  .
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: For bookings more so than anything. I think it's probably just a time period when people are kind of getting  lazy towards the end of October.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I've got to fix it back up, but, oh, well, so.
Sage Damsma: We're still at 11.2 for the week.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah. Well, yesterday it was 8.75.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I had a girl from two weeks ago. She was just doing weeklies until her pay came through. She gets paid monthly or some .
Kyle Musca: So she. You paid a deposit today.
Sage Damsma: Oh, sick. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. All right, cool. So we're still making a good pace then. Yeah. Have you got any calls left for the week or?
Sage Damsma: Right this second, I do not have any left for the week. had one after this. She's moved it. I had one before this and she's moved it to the next week. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: 83% though, like that's really  high.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I think it was like five out of six, I suppose. Oh, that's not bad. Sorry, not bad.
Kyle Musca: It's a good quality lead's coming through.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. Like the ones that were , I think I had 10 booked or nine. I can't remember what the thing was. I put that number. But the ones that didn't show, I think only one cancelled, the rest rescheduled.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Sage Damsma: And there's been a couple from since I did the form, there's been a couple book in and then reschedule again. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think.
Sage Damsma: Hopefully next week's a good week, hopefully, if they will show.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I definitely think like your style of content as well. well. well. style of of Yeah, Yeah, think content It really well. It doesn't necessarily go viral or anything like that, but it's just very value-driven, very obviously coach-orientated.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I find when I get on calls, a lot of the people were like, I've actually been following you for a while, but your content is so consistent and it resonates. So I'm just like,  it. I'm ready to pay. It's not really much of a call. We just have a chat and then I pay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like it's just good value-driven coaching content and it's not gimmicky or anything, which is good.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I'm trying to chill it out a bit more rather than being so in your face. I'm like, I'll just be myself and it's more chill, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I think that is definitely where you go. Don't get me wrong. I think, you know, it wouldn't be a bad idea to pair up with, you know, viral style content, but I definitely don't think it's going to like steer away from what you're already doing as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I'll definitely throw. I've got a... Few ideas, now that I've been home, I've been scrolling a bit more, finding some ideas, but I think I'll do like maybe two or three trying to get more reach, and then the rest I'll do value and whatnot, or social proof. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it's kind of like, usually the ones that are reach, you kind of forget about them, because they're just  usually pretty easy to film. Like, for example, like the trending sound ones, you know,  go hard for reach. I always forget about them, because I'm like, I just can't be, you making them.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And they take like two seconds to put together.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I think most of the calls this week, like on my closer sheet, there was a lot more, all the ones that closed were organic rather than ads, which is nice, because usually it's like one organic or no organics, but it's kind of flipped the other way around.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay.
Sage Damsma: For this week anyways.
Kyle Musca: For was I'm to gauge whether or not it's just time. Period.
Sage Damsma: because Meta's also updated their algorithm and  like that. So you really ideally hope that they don't go  backwards in terms of how they're doing.
Kyle Musca: Am I right? But, I mean, if it does, it should drown a lot of people out pretty quickly.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. But overall, I thought it was a bit of a slow month, but I checked out the gym this morning and it's been, the last three has been 60, 65, and then I'm just about to cross 59 for this month.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. So, I'm pretty happy with that. I Searinga went away as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. 100%. Okay. And have you taken all the calls? Marina's not taking anymore?
Sage Damsma: No? This week, she only took like one, but I think they ended up no showing anyways. The rest was with me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: More calls booked, more leads. So, yeah. I haven't forgotten to write the scripts, by the way.
Sage Damsma: No, you're right. I'm not, I'm
Kyle Musca: Not in a rush. I know you're busy. Yeah, we've got heaps of time on that as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I go to Bali in like two weeks, three weeks. So even if it's not till then, I can probably film it over there and get good lighting and whatever. I'll film some there, some here. We'll just pre-film them twice.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. Okay. Well, I'll get them up and running before that anyway, so we can tweak them. Yep. Normal times, closing clients myself. Nothing at the moment. Just really keep pushing. Yeah, do magic hat trick for sure.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I've got tomorrow, most of tomorrow's free, so I'm just going to pump out messages.
Kyle Musca: How's your VA doing? Is she still looking?
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, no, she's been really good on the DM. She's doing heaps of follow-ups, chasing everyone up, getting calls booked in. So I'll just tell her what times I can't do.
Kyle Musca: She's like, cool, done. Yeah, sick. Okay. Beautiful. Focus, eight, beautiful, 10K minimum, always, those four clients, approved system, coaching experience, create new high-ticket package. So you wanted to bring out a new high-ticket package?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, so I'm thinking, I'm trying to decide on which route I want to take. So I'll get your input, obviously, but one would be like the extra accountability we spoke about a few weeks ago. So it's kind of like they get either like two calls or a call and then like a touch base call, like, you know, double touch base. Or the other one I was thinking of doing is creating, I've got like a template on Notion where they have like an actual, like a whole lifestyle set out for them. It's nothing crazy. Probably take me per client, maybe 15 minutes to build out and just duplicate it from there. And then it's like they got like to-do lists and like more structure, like hands-on, one-on-one structure, if that makes sense. So it's like I can jump on calls and show them and be like, this is like a full lifestyle overhaul type thing, make it sound better than what it is. And they still get the call and , but it's more like, I know a guy, I can't remember his name, he does his calls, but it's like, they have to actually do the to-do list before they can book a call. So it's like, if you want your call, you have to do this for the way. It's nothing crazy, but it's like, you know, it's the extra accountability. Like, if you don't do your , at least 8K steps a day, then, you know, you don't get your call. Maybe not that extreme, but the way he had it laid out. That's a tricky one, because it's like, those people are probably already struggling with accountability.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, they'll just like,  not do it, not do it, week on week, and like, why am I even paying this?
Sage Damsma: want to cancel. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I can't. So that's the only problem I could see with that.
Sage Damsma: Does he do well? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, he's doing like, consistent, like, 80s.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Is he doing it all himself?
Sage Damsma: Yeah. I'm not too sure who's in his team, but a lot of the one-on-ones, like, because he charges a lot more, like, his packages are, like, 5, 6k. But it's very hands-on, so I think the majority of it's himself. He's just got VAs and .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, just because, like...
Sage Damsma: I can still pay the boys to do it. I talked to them briefly, and so I'm not sure which way to go, but no, like, oh, yeah, cool, all good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The other cool thing I was, like, thinking of, was talking to Jesse about it, actually, but then it kind of sparked my idea. You can always just, like, keep the package how it is, like, your core offer, and then throw in something on top of it, like a holiday to Bali, for example.
Sage Damsma: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because he was, he said, I'd have to look into it, but he said, like, it's about 800 to 1,000 round trip for it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's not too bad, really.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because, like, then... And you kind of gear it towards, like, them signing up for a six-month thing. I mean? You You You You Um, cause like you'd make it for 3,500, uh, instead of, you know, three grand, uh, sorry, for three months instead of two grand, the high ticket one would be 3,000, but you'd make that 3,500. Um, and then you say like, it's all the coaching plus you actually get a holiday into Bali for it. Uh, so you'd still make an extra roughly $500 from that than normal. But then, you know, the six month would only be like, let's say, um, what's that, seven? So you could even make the six month, like six grand or something, or five, five or something.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: To the point, you kind of want it, so it's like a, I don't remember exactly what the name is, but it's like, you have like three, you have two or three different prices, in this case two, where the, the middle or the lower one is close enough to the higher one that they're like, oh, well, I might as well just do that. I mean. The example is like if you go get a bag of popcorn and the smallest $4, the medium is $7 and the largest $9, you're like, well, I'm not going to get a medium.
Sage Damsma: I might as well just get a large. A large, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. And then what I was also thinking like on top of that is like if you could sell enough of them, which realistically you don't have to sell maybe like one a month or something, you could do a retreat on top of that and use it as a marketing thing.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know, where you go to Bali and like , you know.
Sage Damsma: Well, even with my, with my points, I paid for one of my mates to come with us. He transferred me, but with the points, it was like $139.
Kyle Musca: Damn X points.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. So I used points, which was like 20,000. was  all plus $139.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's  fun.
Sage Damsma: That was  all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: I could just be like your Bali trip's included, but it's only costing me, you know, points plus  less than 300 bucks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, exactly. So, because to me, that sounds better than, like, any accountability or something you get out on top. Like, if you said, like, hey, it's this entire coaching program, and then you also get a trip to Bali at the end of it to show off all your progress, I'd be like, , that's a pretty good deal.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. They come back, like, I want to go to Europe. Yeah, brother.
Kyle Musca: 10K. Yeah. But then you could, like, you know, you could market the retreats and stuff like that, and you build a bit more of a community, like, outside the internal, like, an external community where people see it and take interest in it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, like, it's not a bad idea at all.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: And then they're like, oh, that's too expensive. Oh, okay, no worries. Like, you know, instead of $3,500, you know, we could just not, not do the program, and then it's just  $2,000. I'll do the whole idea.
Sage Damsma: Barley trip is just two grand. Yeah. Sounds like a big drop. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So you're just pricing at a beginning.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know I mean?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: And then you can always be like, and you know, with that as well. So what I was talking to Jesse about is like having a point system. So like, you know, the winner wins, obviously, a free trip to Barley, essentially. But it's like based on one adherence. like for, let's say, every single check-in, you get 100 points. For every single time you share a story, like tagging us, you get 50 points. For every time you, you know, maybe make a post and you tag us on your actual feed, that's 100 points.
Sage Damsma: If you refer a friend, that's 500 points. I mean, like basically all the points are based off like around them marketing you more. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, that makes sense. Do you think, is it like, would you do it as a challenge though? Like a... Like a one-off thing or like just a whole separate package that just runs whenever?
Kyle Musca: I would say everyone's involved in it. So that would be an internal one.
Sage Damsma: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: That would be an internal challenge.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because like the reason we're talking about is like for him, for example, we're going to add into his challenge winner a free trip to Bali. But then like it also came up that it was a cool idea to use it as an incentive to say like everyone on the team currently now at the end of the challenge, which will be end of March, for example, start of March or whenever it is, you know, there'll be the winner gets to go to Bali or free trip to Bali. for the people on the team, if you agree to stick around and extend to that point, then you actually are also involved in that challenge.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, gotcha. For the, because I was, I've got it written down. My book here, I had written down like internal challenge for over the next few months to keep people around. So I had an idea of like, I don't know how well it would work or how they'd go, but if you do like something like that, but then if they're already on the team, they just pay like a smaller thing, like, you know, 500 bucks to join the thing because I get like a big reward or like 250 bucks on top of what they do now. And then any external people that sign up, they pay like that extra fee. On their package. Like what you're saying, like, it's like 3,500 for them. But internally, it's like, if you want to do this challenge and, you know, go on the draw to win this or like earn this, you only have to pay an extra 500 instead of 1,500.
Kyle Musca: I would just get them to say like, you can continue on it.
Sage Damsma: You can't rate. You just have to stick around. Oh, until the end of it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Because then you get the  period, which is the goal. Like, yeah, true.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. You guys can be a part of this challenge. Just need you to sign this, you know, fill this agreement. Basically means that continue on to Conrad till March.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then what I would probably do there is, like, I'm actually going to host an internal challenge for you guys. And the winner gets this thing that is exclusive to only you guys.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, and if it's 139 bucks, like,  winner gets to go to Harley.
Sage Damsma: It's not that much out of my pocket, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: I'll complain.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, if you get  10 people to stick around for three months, they'll only, like, you're well and truly making your money back.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, that's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The point system thing is really cool. I'm going look at implementing that. Just be tricky, like, for, you know, to record, like, shared stories and  is tricky. So basically, you'd have to get them to screenshot it and send it to you so you can record it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, that's what I was thinking of. Even for my VA, how are they going to remember or track everyone's stories and see all that , you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, because you'd have to be checking it daily to kind of pick that up.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And even then, it might get missed and people might get . So I would just make it a very clear thing, like, if you share it on your story, just screenshot it and send it to me.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Send me some proof.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, send it so I can record it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I think that's a really, really cool idea because if someone just goes  ham on, like, posting on their story, yeah, like, that is really good for affiliate.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: think.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. It's free, free marketing, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Literally free marketing.
Sage Damsma: My, um. Because. I do like a monthly challenge already. Everyone in my chat is already quite competitive, so I think it would do well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and especially if you paired it up on the thing, like, you if you're sharing it your store, it's 50 points, but, you know, if someone actually, like, messages you off that, wants to join, you get 500 points, right?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Big heavy hitting, so then if someone messages, like, oh, is it good? It's like, yeah, it's the  best thing I've ever It changed my life. Yeah, literally, you know what mean?
Sage Damsma: Like... I'm no longer on crack.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and they're the easiest sales as well, so it's like...
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, I've just written that down, so I'll put something in place. I'll get my VA to build out, like, a tracker sheet as well, so I can tally it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The cool other things you could try on that as well is, one, when you're doing your, you know, transformation sort of stories, what I would do is... It's try and tag their Instagram so they reshare it if you don't already.
Sage Damsma: Tag, sorry, say that again.
Kyle Musca: So like when you post, you know, this is Rachel who lost  10 kilos, just tag her so she can reshare it.
Sage Damsma: Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, whenever I do a story, I always tag them. Okay, so I'm like, reshare a . Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You almost want to just ask them directly just how you put that up in your story.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, especially when they look hectic on my brother. Share it. We'll good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You can always make a joke over it. Check, you know, reshare that on a story if someone joins through your swinging 500 bucks, winky face.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Make a little joke out of it. Yeah. Yeah, cool. The other cool thing is I was thinking about possibly implementing. Breeze actually started doing it through a VA. It's like when someone joins, you know, you maybe send them a welcome pack.
Sage Damsma: It's like, oh. oh. When they lose a certain amount of weight, you send them a milestone type thing that they can try and get them posting on their stories more about. Yeah, yeah. Kind of like what the business coaches do. They send their little plaque out to people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I saw Cam do that.
Sage Damsma: He got that straight from race, I think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's just a cool little... It's a talking point, you know what mean? Like, if you hang that up somewhere, it's like, oh, what's that? Oh, I got that from doing  rival coaching, you know, weight loss challenge, Crusade challenge, kilos. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: You know what mean? Yeah, that's a good idea.
Kyle Musca: And they always, you know, feel sentimental to them and stuff, and they feel like, you know, more personal. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Gift. Yeah, not for sure.
Kyle Musca: And I was thinking, like, maybe, you know, I haven't put great deals of thought in this, but, like, maybe a welcome pack where it sends them a sheet of paper with their starting weight, and they're meant to take, like, a... A photo with that.
Sage Damsma: then they go away.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And they have a side-by-side comparison.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Like something to remember. Something to look back on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Very cool. Sorry, Does that all make sense?
Sage Damsma: Yeah. No, that's good. I've written that all down, so.
Kyle Musca: I'm sure there would be companies out there that create welcome packs and plaques and  like that as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, for sure. Well, I'll do some research.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. And then what I would do.
Sage Damsma: I was, sorry, I was thinking of potentially raising prices as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What are you thinking?
Sage Damsma: Because I don't really get too many hard notes, to be honest, on pricing.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't necessarily raise your prices.
Sage Damsma: would just bring out a higher offer. Yeah, okay. Then test that.
Kyle Musca: Just a start with, yeah. Yeah. doesn't like then in raised prices, but you might as well just bring out a higher offer so you can fall back into that at least.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, use that as an anchor as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. would do that at least.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And the cool thing about the barley thing is like you don't have to actually add anything else into it.
Sage Damsma: It's the same thing.
Kyle Musca: You don't have to pay the coaches any more expenses as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: No. I mean, really, you only pay like $250, $300 extra for 10 weeks. But still.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: that.
Sage Damsma: I'll say you can go to barley with them.
Kyle Musca: They've got to pay for the flights.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Literally. Yeah. Cool. But again, that's probably something I would seriously look at if I was like still pushing the coach, fitness coaching stuff up. Because you can market that as well.
Sage Damsma: You know what I mean? Like. Mm-hmm. Boom. I was thinking of even like when Newey did it, like that was when I signed up. was like, , that's hefty. I don't know, like if any new people that sign up, you go on a draw, obviously this is more systemized, but it was like, you can go to Bali.
Kyle Musca: was like,  it, why not? Yeah, I mean, exactly. Like you can, you know, again, use it heavily as marketing, like get shredded and go to Bali. And then it's like, people jump on the phone, it's like, oh, three and a half grand, that's too expensive. Like, oh, no worries, you can just do the program for two grand.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. You know what mean? Yeah, just downsell it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Like, , you get a free holiday, right?
Kyle Musca: Shut up. Yeah, literally show off your gains and everything. And then again, like, if you're getting a lot of people joining in that, again, they should post a lot on their story. Oh, how are you in Bali?
Sage Damsma: Oh, I did this  program, man, it was sick. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just a really big talking point.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, if there's someone that's got like... It's, you know, they're quite active. I'll be like, I'll give you a little bit of extra spending money if you just post me every day while you're there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Or I post some  while you're there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If every time you put up a store, I'll give you 10 bucks.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I'll give you, what's the currency? IDR. I'll give you a hundred. Yeah, a thousand rippier. It's like $10. Sucking all.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because I think you've got, especially for you, man, like, I reckon try and, like, sit down and, like, come up with ways for your clients to start posting your stories a lot more.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I've got a lot of people that are just nobodies.
Kyle Musca: Hey?
Sage Damsma: I've got a lot of people that are, like, nobodies.
Kyle Musca: They're, like, a hundred people in private. I'm like, bro. Yeah, but that's okay, man.
Sage Damsma: Like, they're still, you know. To be fair, they get more word of mouth than they do, like, I don't get much from people tag me. I get more just from their results. I just go tell my friends.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. But then, like, if they're posting it on there, it starts that conversation in the background, you know what mean?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You've lost so much weight, like, what'd you do? Oh, like, I worked with, you know, Sage, and it was the best thing. And you just want those conversations to be happening in the background.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And again, they're the easiest, so it's like, if you can get more of them.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool, right. Yeah, the biggest thing we need to focus on right now is this sort of, like, pre-planning for the challenge. And just, like, you sent me that back of, like, everything involved in it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, you did. Yeah, it was the other day.
Kyle Musca: I think I sent it a bit later than I was supposed to send it to you.
Sage Damsma: I kind of forgot about it, and I was going through our WhatsApp, and I was like, oh, , that's right.
Kyle Musca: 12 weeks. So, with the challenge as well, like, we'll mark it as 12 weeks, but I, we'll be doing the sales. But, like... Um, you know, if they need six months, be like, oh, I've actually got a six-month challenge as well.
Sage Damsma: Mm, yep.
Kyle Musca: Same thing.
Sage Damsma: If they've got more weight to lose.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. A complete lifestyle shift, reset after new years, rebuild new structure and routine, learn how to live and sustain the results. Beautiful, target audience, 25, full-time, I've tried plans, done. Competence, wears back clothes, unhappy, and, yeah, bad day, you're going to pull out. Complete. Oh, yeah, yeah. Full refund, must mean criteria, turn 12. 10K in cash, but, yeah, cool. Yeah, beautiful. Beautiful. I don't want like, take the Bali idea and place that in there.
Sage Damsma: Implement that, or I'll do, I'll do a challenge now to get through to
Kyle Musca: And then that will be another model, I'm just  re-rinse it. Yeah, yeah, that's 100%. Yeah, cool, bro. Is there anything specifically you all struggling with that you want to cover?
Sage Damsma: To be honest, it's been a good week, bro. Like, I feel like I've taken a step back just because everyone's doing such a good job, which is, like, nice for me for a change. So this week, like, my to-do list is actually, like, two , two pages and it's almost all done. So, I'm just working on system stuff. Like, I'm doing a new onboarding video just because clients are having questions when they get onboarded. I'm sick of answering it. So just  like that, I'm just trying to problem-solve now before it keeps growing and growing, you know? Yeah. And just make improvements.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, that's a really good point you brought up. If you're noticing, like, people are getting stuck in a specific area, it's just easy just to record something and just, like, have it.
Sage Damsma: There's a good Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so I'm going to do a new onboarding video that just sends to them when they sign up automatically, and then I'm going to do a training video to drop in everyone's content library thing, and just put it in the group chat. Some people are having questions, I mean, you know what it's like, they just don't really understand how to train properly. So I'm just going to have a program overview and just break it all down in one video. like that, too many questions, I'm sick of answering. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing I think would be cool is, like, do you do, like, educational group coaching calls?
Sage Damsma: No, I don't really do. I did it for, like, month, and then I kind of just, like, because we had so many  people come through, I just stopped doing them.
Kyle Musca: I take the call over the group coaching. Yeah, yeah. No, because they're really good to, one, it adds an extra level of, like, you know, you get access to my full educational series.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But then, I think what would... What be really cool to do there, man, is like having like an opt-in form type thing every single week where you can like, you know, this week I covered how to calculate your macros properly, you know, free for the next 24 hours, earn them. Yeah. You know what I mean?
Sage Damsma: And then you just- Kind of like a webinar thing I put on my story. Yeah. Get people in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Ideally, you'd want to, wait, do you still have that software that collects the emailing list?
Sage Damsma: Emailing list? I was just doing it through Wix in the past.
Kyle Musca: Like as a landing page?
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, do you know how to create websites and stuff like that?
Sage Damsma: I don't know how to use Wix, but I'm not a guru, that's for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, ideally, you just want to like, if you're going to do it, you kind of want to build an emailing list, but like- Yeah. You could also start conversations here in the DMs as well. So, like the way I would think of doing it is like, I've Just dropped, you know, this  thing on how to calculate calories accurately. Deem with the word calorie, free for the next 24 hours only, because once the store expires, expires. Deem with word calorie, and I'll send it through to you. And then all those people get tagged, starts the many chat flow. What I would do there is just like, again, this is where an opt-in form would come in good, because it's like, hey, here's how to calculate calories. Grab it here. They enter in their details, and then they watch that. In the meantime, you know, you message them as soon as you see it, essentially. Like, hey, did that video come through? What do you think?
Sage Damsma: And then you just continue the conversation there. Yeah, I see.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Does that make sense? And then if you just did that, like, weekly, those are one of the things that's, like, really good. Like, it won't, you know, it's not like you're going to get  10 new clients offered the first week you do it. But if you just do it consistently and stuff, and people start consuming more longer form educational content from you, you You know what mean?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because those are the people in the information-gathering phase, and that's what you're doing. You're giving them information. So when they finally decide to take that next step, then it's like, cool, who's been helping them so far?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. I just got that trust there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it's like, don't get me wrong, like it will be like much lower numbers-wise. Like it's not like, you know, again, you might not get even 10 people messaged through for it. But the people that do consume it, they clearly have a problem enough to want to educate themselves on it. Yeah. And it's also something that should build with time. Like if you can start positioning yourself as the, you know, an authority who actually gives proper educational advice, then, you know, then you go plus two, then you can start adding, you know, education content to the actual backend because you've already got the video recorded.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, no, that's a good idea. I see like a lot of the... Business coaching people do  like that. But when you watch the video, like, it's pretty helpful.
Kyle Musca: Like, I do in-depth stuff. When you watch it, you're like, , I was actually, I learned from that. Yeah, exactly. You know what mean? Because you get to see how, I guess, like, how much someone actually knows from doing it. And there's different ways you could go about it. One, you could just do it purely for educational purposes. The other one you could do is, like, to break beliefs and more so cause the problem. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's more so that what, it's called the perfect webinar where you basically just break three beliefs. One's a vehicle belief. It's like the keto diet's the only way to lose weight. That's incorrect for this reason, this reason, this reason. One's an internal belief. So it's like, I'm just not disciplined enough to be able to stick with it. Well, it's not really about discipline. It's more so about having the structure and, you know, a flexible diet that actually fits with you so you can stay consistent with it.
Sage Damsma: Right.
Kyle Musca: And then the third. Everyone's like external belief, I don't have enough time to do it. Well, you know, if you're actually following the right program and you've got the structure, then it actually saves you time because you don't have to think about it. And that's actually why it's so important to have extra structure in your life.
Sage Damsma: You know mean?
Kyle Musca: And then it's like you've just broken those beliefs. You educate a little bit around that. So here's what you actually should do, right? So it's like a program designed for you is et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, solve their problem. Yeah. And that's exactly – and then I would use some social proof. You know, that's exactly what – you can't even want to use social proof at each belief point. So like keto diet, yeah. Margaret was on the keto diet before she came to us. She just like really hated dieting.
Sage Damsma: She could never stick to it, yada, yada, yada, yada.
Kyle Musca: We actually got our more flexible nutrition that fit with her and her young family. And, you know, not only did she get healthier, her family actually got healthier at the same time.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, this is where we started. This is her now. So it's like you're getting social proof.
Sage Damsma: proof. the Fathom as well. Yeah. Yeah, no, that's good.
Kyle Musca: I mean, yeah. Does that make sense?
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, that's good. Yeah. Because then, if you want to start squeezing organic as well a lot more, I would get like a little bit of a content planner around what CTAs you do also in your story. So like for Monday, you know, you do a hard CTA?
Sage Damsma: I do Mondays, Thursdays usually.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. So Mondays, Thursdays, harder CTAs. But then Tuesdays, like you could do a questionnaire every Tuesday.
Sage Damsma: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Mm-hmm. Answering questions around fat loss and nutrition hit me.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because then, again, you're on your stories, you're doing actual coaching, you're educating. You know what mean? People can see your knowledge and your experience on that. Yeah. Then you could also just message that person directly.
Sage Damsma: From that.
Kyle Musca: You mean like, hey bro, I know I answered all my story, but you know, I wanted to see if I could help you out a little bit more.
Sage Damsma: Like what specifically are struggling with around this? Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, start the conversation there. Again, these are just like hard to, when you're running ads, get so many messages that you're kind of like, I can't be  on that.
Sage Damsma: Sometimes it, once it gets like three scrolls, I'm like, I'll leave it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, but the other thing with this is like, you only have to start the conversation and then like the DM said this can kind of take over.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You just got to make sure that they're doing the right thing with it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I usually keep it going until she starts a shift and then I'm like, all right, cool, there you go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So you just got to make sure she understands how to approach it because like sometimes it might not just be the regular script type thing. Yeah. So like let's say you do hard CCA there, questionnaire Wednesday, sorry, Tuesday. Maybe you do the educational thing on Wednesday, every single Wednesday. say, DME, if you want access to this DME calorie, I'll send it through you. here you go. Download it. Hey, bro, just seeing if got that, you know, that, did that work for you all good? Cool, man. Have you had a chance to watch it? What do you think? Nice, bro. What are you struggling with most?
Sage Damsma: You know what mean? I understand that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, start the conversation. Because these are all just about starting conversations.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Thursday, hard CTA transformation. And then Friday, you might do stick a tap, giving away a free nutritional audit for the first three people that tap the sticker. then basically, as soon as you upload that story, it'd like three positions have been taken already. Yeah. I'm to do another one next week.
Sage Damsma: But then again, anyone who's tapped in off the sticker doesn't mean you can't just message them and be like, hey, that's what you said. I don't know, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's like, if you did that, like every single day, you'd have an opportunity to start more conversations with people.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. No, that's a good idea. I'll have to match. Fathom my  a bit more.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, that's just like, it's tedious to do when you're running out.
Sage Damsma: because you get so  messed up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But like, again, the organic ones, they should be the most bought into you. And they're free. So it's like your proper margins are significantly higher on them.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. It's take a bit longer to warm up, but they sell so easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it doesn't always have to be like a direct-to-sale conversation, you know what I mean? Like, if the worst that happens is your VA has a bit of a chat to them and it just kind of fizzles out, you know what mean? Like, they'll just be like, oh, I just had a chat to Sage if I can take on.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. I had a guy yesterday who was, he came through my organic video because he was like, oh, no one posts any Vulcan content. Like, this was really helpful for me. Blah, blah, blah. I just had a chat to him. And then his thing was like, had his guard up. He's like, oh, like, I've been through a coach that charged me thousands and didn't give me any  thing, basically. And then by the end of the combo, he was... It's like, oh, I know I said it earlier, but you've really, like, helped me out today. If I ever want to coach again in the near future, I'm coming to you, no one else.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's like, see?
Sage Damsma: I just left it at that. I didn't want to keep, be like, oh, let's get on a call. I was like, cool, bro. See you. Yeah. I'll see you later.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. Again, those people are probably in the information gathering phase.
Sage Damsma: Like, even though he's bought in the past.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. He's still clearly got the problem.
Sage Damsma: He hasn't solved it. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So, yeah, sometimes that, if that's all it is, is where you just have a chat with them and you get a stronger following from that. Because you want super fans as well. You want people that are liking all your , saving all your , watching all your , sending your  to people, talking to people about your .
Sage Damsma: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Like, I wish that guy Sage is on the Instagram. You couldn't check him out. It's not like all those other dickheads on there.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So, you want your super fans for sure. Yeah. And that's the good thing with the story. And again, all your stories don't have to be direct. To try and get people coaching, like maybe you just do a questionnaire one week where it's just so people can form a stronger, better relationship with you and get to know you a little bit more outside of just coaching, you know what mean?
Sage Damsma: Coaching, yeah, yeah. More lifestyle and just general questions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Otherwise, we'll just see how this next week goes. I'm probably assuming, hopefully, that because it's, you know, going into the new month, people  pull their head into it. , man.
Sage Damsma: It's really catching up on me. Head into line a bit.
Kyle Musca: You know, the other thing definitely could be Halloween as well.
Sage Damsma: It's like, why would I get a coach when I know I'm not going get  up this weekend?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, like, it was candy and yada, yada, yada. And then maybe people will be feeling like absolute  come Monday.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, I need to get back into check before  Christmas.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I think... I've really got a few calls booked next week, so I'll just keep pumping it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. And then over this next month, man, I reckon just go  ham on ads. Yeah. Like for me personally, like I'm going to have a filming session with Vaughn every single week, and I'm just going to do ads, like no organic content for myself, just like ad, ad, ad, ad. So it's like I can just kind of step back in December a little bit. Well, I won't be here, so it'll be kind of tricky for me to make  ads. But just really nicely prepared for it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, nice way to go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, even if I was like really pushing the fitness side of things like a lot more still, I would probably be in the – like I would probably get to the position where I would just do that with Vaughn around the clock, like just  ad, ad, ad every single week. Yeah. Like because one, volume has always been super important, but meta's new algorithm update. Okay. What? It's meant to, like, favor volume a lot more and testing different creatives a lot more.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: can just, like, spam them.
Sage Damsma: Keep sobriety, see what works, what doesn't work.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, I would just go ridiculous.
Sage Damsma: More is more.
Kyle Musca: More is more, yeah. You know mean? Yeah. Are you still doing the CTAs in your organic content? Like, for ad versions?
Sage Damsma: I haven't lately, to be honest. I've just been lazy. Yeah. When I film lately, I don't even want to film. just do it because it's, you know, to be done.
Kyle Musca: I feel that.
Sage Damsma: You do it for so long, you're just like, oh, whatever, I'll just get it done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you might want to even break out into different styles of content as well. That's what was saying before as well. Like, keep what you're currently doing because that clearly works. But even, like, just, it doesn't even have to be a React one. Like, talking straight to the camera can do well. You know, just to, again, build a bit more of a relationship and stuff with your audience, you know, highly relevant type thing. Yeah. You never know, it might do well. Like, higher-up wellness, that's, like, all he  does. And that guy gets, you know, hundreds of thousands of views per video for it.
Sage Damsma: Imagine that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And , I'm talking to the camera for a minute and, like, , I guess that's kind of what I do, but, you know. Yeah. Cool. But, yeah. I think, yeah, it would just be, like, the machine's there, man. It's just, like, now rounding off the edges and just continuing to  refine it, essentially.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. To be honest, like, I'm quite stoked with how many followers I have and making the money we do.
Kyle Musca: I'm like, that's pretty cool. Yeah. So, now I just think it's more so about getting in, you know, keeping what's working going, but starting to add in more, one more organic. But also, I would definitely start trying to get into the long-form content now. And just because we're starting with the men, wouldn't try and go  crazy where you set up the camera and sit down and  make a full YouTube video on . If it was me personally, I would just do  presentations and me doing a Loom video just running through different .
Sage Damsma: Just give it to people for free.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, give it to people for free and then upload it to the system and  like that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because you never know. Like, the other thing, you I'm going to try this with Hattie and Coben is like, you could always just film like a , I just made a video on breaking down the three main reasons most guys fail when it comes to weight loss. I put it into this 20-minute video. If you want to just DM me  myth. Yeah. You know what mean? Because that's a lead magnet at end of the day. Like, you should get a good cost per result for that if you do it, if it's the right  video, you know what I mean?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah. So. Yeah, just take something trending like that , what's the  everyone's still raving on about? Like the animal-based diet, like caveman diet and . Yeah, yeah. Just talk why that's so dog .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you know what mean? Like, I just made a video on, like, I just made a video on rating the most, you know, common  diets, including keto, carnivore, palatarian, whatever. And why or why not you should use them if you want that  damn diet.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, just  like that because it's like. That's where we're adding something on to what you're currently doing. So, again, it's not like I'm saying let's pull back on what we're currently doing. It's just like we've got that operating nicely. Now it's just about adding more onto it and seeing, you know, probably prodding and probing what can work. Because, like, when I ran my lead magnet stuff, like, I was getting a cost per call at half the cost I was getting for an actual ad one. Lower intent. I like, you know, like, that's, I didn't think the close rate was bad on them, to be honest.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: We just need something of actual value to give away.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, for sure. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, and then e-books are a bit outdated, you know, no one likes to  read. Like, I'd much rather, you know, someone said download this e-book. The only reason I'd download it is to see, like, if I was seeing another fitness coach saying download this e-book to check it out, I'd be like, what's this guy doing? But I wouldn't download it if I was, like, an actual consumer.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, for me personally. But if someone was, like, like how you've seen other business mentors break  down on a video, you know what mean? Like if you're interested in the topic, more likely to click on that, I feel.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, I guess no one, people who come into a coach because they're time poor and can't manage their time, they're probably not going to sit there and read a book.
Kyle Musca: No. No, I just broke it down into a 10-minute video, whatever the  you say. And then I would just get, you know, have you got Lucky's contact?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, got Lucky. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I would just set up a chat GPT. I would actually build out a project for this. To get it to the point where it's like, I can just like put something in there and it  just maps that entire thing for me. And I'm just like, set it straight up to Lucky and it's just a weekly process of just bang, bang, bang, bang.
Sage Damsma: You know what mean? Creating it. Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because I would say that's the next step of what we need to do is add in a lead mag of some kind, whether that is a program. Technically, we could do that seven-day thing. Yeah. I don't like keep that in the back pocket until maybe the New Year type thing because I don't want like start pushing too many different offers.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But like an e-book type thing, if we push that or video educational thing, it doesn't come across salesy.
Sage Damsma: That's the cool thing. Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Any questions on any of at all?
Sage Damsma: No, no, that's good. I've written it down, so I'll just brainstorm and get to work on some .
Kyle Musca: Yeah. We'll start off organically with them as well. So it's like, you know, good to start getting you testing them, getting used. And then seeing if you get much traction off them as well. Because if you get good traction off them organically, it's like, okay, cool. This is, you know. And the ad will be basically the exact same. It'll be just like a little simple story one where you film and like, I just put together this  20-minute video breaking down. The Three Bigs Myths and Diets, right? If you want to comment the word diet.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. Nice and simple.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, not beautiful. Again, just quickly on that as well, you could also use it for your  organic content when you actually post it, like if it's relevant, you know what mean?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, chuck it in as a CTA, comment, blah, blah, blah, or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's crazy.
Kyle Musca: Sigma, is there anything else you want to cover at all?
Sage Damsma: No, I'm happy, bro. Just pretty much how you're feeling now. That's how I was feeling last week.
Kyle Musca: So I'm just getting back into the swing of . Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Good, man.
Kyle Musca: Well, yeah, I think we just keep doing what's working. It's not broken. Don't fix it.
Sage Damsma: And again, just refining and adding on top now. Yes, sir. Sounds good. Keep going.
Kyle Musca: All right, man. Enjoy the rest of the day. Enjoy your weekend.
Sage Damsma: And I will chat to you soon. Sounds good, bro.
Kyle Musca: See you, bro. Bye.


>>> 238/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-10-31T07:14:43Z | id:98232726
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded. Hey bro, how going?
josiah narkowicz: Yo, happy Friday, brother.
Kyle Musca: Happy Friday, man. How's it have been?
josiah narkowicz: Good, mate. Just been back-to-back with calls all day, our clients all day. Then I had my daughter for a few hours and then, yeah, now we're here. So, yeah, been at it. A few new clients, got two new sign-ups today, so, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick, man. Where did they come from?
josiah narkowicz: From the gym, so, just from Snap Fitness.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, are they in-person, are they, or online?
josiah narkowicz: One online, one in-person, so.
Kyle Musca: Okay, nice, man. All right, okay. Super, so there's, I'm just reading through the check-in form now.
josiah narkowicz: Oh, there's 25 calls total, that's like client check-ins as well? Bye. That's just sales calls. So I did do a massive push the past two weeks, and I ran a competition online, and that's why I booked in so many consultations just for that week. But on an average week, it's more like 10 or 11 that I would probably average. And then you're closing what, like, I'm happy if I get two to four clients. So that's obviously, you know, I think the lead quality is definitely diminished, like at the gym, whereas online, you can kind just offering consults to whoever's walking through the door, right? So, you know, it's not as good in terms of the lead quality.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah. 25, 21 calls taken. 21's right, taken.
josiah narkowicz: Um, no, so I think I booked like 25 or something, and then I've taken about probably 15, 16.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
josiah narkowicz: And there was like eight or, oh yeah, I don't know. I'd have to look at it again, but there was quite a few no-shows, four or five no-shows, a few reschedules in there for next week. Um, but yeah, four, four closed. Well, five closed now, if you include the one today, so.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, so run me through just on that, run me through, like, it was an online challenge. What was that? Like, break that down for me.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So I went through all the previous leads that I, it was in my database, um, from all, like, old clients or, you know, people from, um, you know, from Bark and One Flair where those are know, You're basically purchasing credits to acquire leads. Like I went through all of those people. just said, hey, look, I'm running a six-weeks free PT online summer challenge. Send back a thumbs up if you're keen to, you know, jump on board with it. And then, you know, 30 or 40 people were keen. They send the thumbs up and then they go into another draw and then you do the winner. But then you basically offer everyone who entered a consultation, which is like a, you just dress it up as like a summer kickstart pack that's, you know. And then if they don't close, you just give them a free resource off the back end. So you kind of bribe them a little bit to get onto the call. So yeah, it's, it's been decent for new clients from that. And then the fifth one from in-person. So yeah. So. So. So, I mean, it's okay considering a lot of the leads were flaky as , you know, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you usually get them with the challenges. They're slow sales cycles. I'm not a huge fan of them depending on – it has to be very passive with what you're doing. Otherwise, if it's too much of a workload and they don't pay, it's just like, oh,  this. But, yeah, they're definitely good to run as like an ongoing – it's kind of like an evergreen thing, to be honest. Like, once one finishes, I would just run another one. And I'd probably shorten the cycle if I was you, if you're going to run it again. I'd probably only do max a month. I usually do them at like 21 days. One, just to try and get that sales cycle around a bit more. But you'll find that after that sort of three-week mark, a lot of people's motivation starts to dip quite a lot. That's where it comes into the play of like, oh, well,  – do you need a coach to help you stay consistent?
josiah narkowicz: You know what mean? Yeah, it's not like they're on like a – so the winner of the – Competition did win the six weeks free PT. I didn't choose anyone because I'm just not, I just made up a random name for the winner. But yeah, like, so they're all locked into 16-week contracts now, those people that signed up. It's just like a normal client. It's not like they're just on for a six-week challenge or whatever. Like it's all individual coaching now, like high-ticket stuff with them.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, it's really good. first thing you did, what was the first thing you did that got them to that point?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I offered them, I just sent through, hey, thumbs up, put your name in the draw to win six weeks free PT. And, you know, people said, yeah, I'm keen. And then on that call, when I got them on another call, I just basically pitched my high-ticket. So, yeah. Well, it's all right. Not amazing. I was hoping for at least six or seven, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, I get what you're saying now. Okay. Yeah, cool. So that's a good little strategy there. One thing that you'd probably find would potentially help with conversion rates a little bit there is saying like you've won a $500 voucher. You know, you didn't win first place, but you actually won second place, which was a $500 voucher that you can put towards coaching. So when they feel like they've  won something, so then a little bit more sentimental. Cool. But cool. Okay. Sweet. So if I get two, three clients per week, all the retention hasn't been good in the last three weeks. Goal is 50 clients by the end of the year's end. Okay. You're currently, you're sitting around 25 clients, 20?
josiah narkowicz: I'm at 41 clients.
Kyle Musca: Oh, so 50 is total.
josiah narkowicz: so 50 is what I want by the end of the year. And I like, even without you, bro, like no doubt in my mind, I'll reach 50 regardless. But like, you know, I just know that, as I said, nose to the grindstone, not good automations in place. Like I'm having to do a whole lot more work to attain those clients. So it's not sustainable, as I said, but the goal is to get to 50 and then start the new year with a new business mentor, someone to help polish everything up and make the system real fine-tuned. And then never go below 50 again. Like I've been at 50 before when I was getting those 20K months, it was  sick. Like, and then, yeah, I went back down to like 20, 25. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So there's a couple of things that will take us like a few sessions, but I want to make sure that we're getting the main things down pat. So other than booking and consults from his gym, solid referrals recently, a few resigns and getting some solid results from the clients. That's really important. So you're getting a good amount of like post-worthy transformations?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I'd say the delivery is on point. I'd say that the majority of clients are seeing regular weight loss, like really good weight loss. I've got a kind of a traffic light system I go by. So you just identify the people that are like in the red light, and then I'm giving them more of the cadence for my just hyping them up a little bit more, might get them on a call, message them a little bit more, you know, just give them that extra little bit of nurturing to kind of drag them out of the . But yeah, like people are getting great results, apart from like, yeah, everyone's getting good results.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, like that's... Fitness, like not, yeah, unfortunately not everyone is going to put in the work to get the results, but as long as you are getting good, consistent results, that's, social proof is going to be one of the biggest drivers, so if you've already got that, then fantastic. A clear onboarding process, so again, that's not a focal point that I would pick apart in this session, but in general, like, you just need a lot of touch points and a lot of like, I guess, information on common questions. So, what I do is, as soon as they sign up, they should be hearing again from you within 24 hours to prevent buyer's remorse, right, you don't want them signing up and then just being left in the dark, not knowing what, you know, the 's going on, and then they just get really scared and anxious and they're like, no, this isn't for me, I'm pulling out. So, it's like, if you're constantly, one, touching base with them, like, hey, I'm working on your program, should have it back within, by end of today. By the way, in the meantime, watch this, and it shows how to set up the app, to do every, like, how to message, so they fully understand all that. So, just a pre-recorded video. you.
josiah narkowicz: Um, and then, yeah, I feel like that question, I was more like asking like, um, like with our onboarding process, basically you and me, I think, because I feel like I've got my onboarding process pretty dialed in, like that first three days from when they, from when they're closed to, you know, like, feel like I've got that real dialed in. I've got an onboarding call that I do with them, take them through the process. Like, I know I could do a pre-recorded thing for that, but I feel like, um, just a bit more personability, think, for that first one, especially.
Kyle Musca: You definitely want to be chatting to them personally. Um, I would just have like a pre-recorded, like, basically run through of the app, which you'll do anyway, to be fair. Well, that's not a focal point, right? It is a focal point, but I want to get through a lot in this session. Basically, in this session, one, want to break down your offer. I know you kind of went through it the other day, but just trying to get, you know, as many people online as possible and building up like a bit of a, I guess, like a net that we can get you to a really good reoccurring revenue. So you've got that safety net that it's like, all right, we can start playing around with other stuff now. To be fair, you're already converting well on what you're doing. So that's the first thing. And then I want to really like dive in. The biggest thing for you from my chat the other day is just going to be your lead acquisition and to do that online, you need content. So really getting a good content system down and showing you the different types of content. That's probably the main things we're going to be working towards. Obviously, like if you've got other issues in other areas you're struggling with, by all means, always bring it up when you can handle it. But the sooner we can get you pumping content, the sooner you're going to get online clients. that's Thank you. Thank Does that make sense?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Now, I'm kind of simple in the way I like to go about things, as I said the other day. Like, there's going to be a lot of different fires in your business. If we try and solve  everything all at once, it's going to feel way too overwhelming and nothing's ever going to get done. So I'm like one thing at a time. So breaking down your offer to begin with, run that through me again. So it was $350 for a weekly check-in, $200 for $400 a week for monthly. So, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Yep, exactly right.
Kyle Musca: That's perfect. How long are your check-ins typically going for?
josiah narkowicz: So you're going to hate me for this, but typically, like, my check-in form is three questions. It's like rate your motivation levels out of 10. Then it's write three wins you had for the week, and then it's, you know, what feedback do you have for me? This week, or what level of feedback do you want from me this week? And then they can select no feedback, I'm good, voice memo, two-minute voice memo, or a video reply. And most people just can't be  and they go, like, no, I'm good, bro. Or, like, it's rarely that I have to send something. So, at the moment with their check-ins, it's more of, like, an opportunity to bring something up if it's, if there's an issue going on. But, obviously, they have their calls. So, we kind of use their calls as their main check-in.
Kyle Musca: How often are they getting calls?
josiah narkowicz: So, the monthly people, they're obviously having a monthly call. The week, the fortnightly, fortnightly, weekly, weekly. So, that pricing structure is something I've brought out in the past probably two, three months. Sorry, mate, there's plenty of planes going past. But I've got a fair few people on the fortnightly, but majority on the monthly. So, you know, I'll do check-in. check-in might take me five minutes to do if it's just, you know, not even. I'm just kind of looking at the data.
Kyle Musca: So the check-in and the call are two different things then?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, they do their weekly check-in, which is like a Wednesday night. They submit it, and then I just have a look at it, and if there's anything, any red flags I'm looking out for, I just kind of give them feedback or whatever. It might just be a two-minute voice memo suite, like use ChatGBT mostly to create those. And then with the, yeah, the check-in is more of just a chat, like what's going well, what isn't going well, what he's struggling with, how can we strategize to improve that. But definitely check-ins is something, like I'll see other coaches. Just do, you know, like they'll be doing, oh yeah, locking in for a whole day of check-ins. I'm like, , I didn't do any check-ins this week, kind of thing. Yeah. So I don't know if that's just my style or if it's affecting my business and it's probably not great for the retention side of things, but.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what's your, do you know what your kind of client's lifetime value is in that?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I do. Um, I've got like this spreadsheet that I kind of built out and it can show, um, like, okay, what, like when a client's at four weeks, when a client's at 16 weeks and we're face-to-face, but people have been with me for years. Like it's great retention there, but online's a different story. It does say in my stripe that the, um, lifetime value is three grand for each. say say It say in
Kyle Musca: Is that just online or do you put your in-person through that as well?
josiah narkowicz: my in-person in there as well. In saying that, I only switched to Stripe at January this year. So, like, if I'm basically getting, but then some people have given me, like, one person's given me 15 grand.
Kyle Musca: So, it just skews it out. Yes, it's hard to say that.
josiah narkowicz: But I'd say majority of people are re-signing and doing another buying cycle. Like, it's not, like, but I don't know the exact number there.
Kyle Musca: What's, what would you say, and if you have the actual numbers on this, even better, the percentages of people that are going for the monthly at 100 versus 200 versus 350?
josiah narkowicz: Probably 80% monthly, 20%. see. 50%. 50%. So four-nightly, zero. Because with the $3.50 a week, it's obviously like pretty , right? Like $3.50 a week, someone's for an online fitness coach, pretty crazy, right? So if I back it up with that, oh, but we've got this $100 a week option, monthly call, they're like, oh, that's way better. So it's win-win, they feel like less gnarly about that decision, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd say the issue you're facing with retention then, and if 80% of them are on weekly at $100, you know, across, what was the max average days? It was like 90-something, was it?
josiah narkowicz: So the amount of time someone's in the service for?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: 90 days, so 16 weeks.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, it's 90 days, isn't it?
josiah narkowicz: Ah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Nine days, 12 weeks, three months. 16 weeks will be, yeah. Yeah. So, okay. So I would say the lifetime value would definitely be skewed on that if majority of it's like in-person paying. Sorry, majority of it's $100 a week at 80% roughly because that's really over 12 weeks. That's only $1,400. So what I think the issue there is, is your lifetime value, sorry, your retention is not as good as it could be simply because of the quality of service that they're in, the inability for them to be able to create a relationship with you. So, and that's something that's really strong when you're the own coach, you're the face of the company, and that's why your in-person clients have probably been around with you for so long is because they can actually see you. They can meet you, they can meet and build that relationship and almost that friendship with you, right? And that's what I. I think we should fix with your online because that's the thing we want to focus on. There's no point in you putting more attention into these in-person people when you're getting paid more for online. And it's a lot easier. How much are charging again for in-person for the half an hour session?
josiah narkowicz: A hundred.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you could easily knock out a 15-minute check-in for $100 a week. So half the time, same amount of money. So what I personally believe you should do, and this is usually the offer I run with most people, you've already got a client base, you've already got cash flow in your business, so I think we can go to this. And from my knowledge, you already know how to close decent and well. We'll work on that in time as well, just to check it. But I would go two different core offers to start with, and there's a price anchor. So the core offer, and this is the one that we want to sell, I would probably do a weekly check-in call, which, again, should only be like 10, 15 minutes. It shouldn't be that long. You shouldn't be like  tall. Talking about each other's lives and  problems and all that stuff. It's, hey, how are going? Have a solid conversation with them, pick apart their week, give them advice, give them feedback, break down all that , right? Give them proper value in return and build that relationship with them. Plus 24-7, I say 24-7 text and call communication on this. No one ever really calls, right? They're at work, they're busy, they'll text, it just sounds better.
josiah narkowicz: So an optional call there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, optional. If they really want to get on the phone and it's like a five-minute chat, like, and it's something serious, like, I'm sure it's not the end of the world, but, like, very rarely in my experience do people actually take that up, right? It just sounds better on the call. Then a downsell option of $1,500 for 12 weeks. And I've got this payment structure, I'll show you all this stuff.
josiah narkowicz: Mate, just let me quickly grab my charger, yeah?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, go for it. Again, this time. Good. halfway through. You
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So what are we looking at for the core offer?
Kyle Musca: So this is the downsell you've got now, Bert. So this is my downsell because I have a hired ticket package, which theoretically you can't bring out, but I always recommend just starting at two and then getting enough clients through the door. Getting really comfortable with the whole sales process that you can move up to this level. Otherwise, because we're already doing a price anchor above this and I'll explain that in a second. So this is the main package. That's the, the biggest things you have to kind of remember about, you know, what you offer is you can't really offer someone a better, you know, program and I guess meal plan and stuff, right? To a degree you can, but like you can't, I guess, ethically say that like I'm going to do someone else's programming better than yours. be honest. um You can kind of use it as like, oh, like what you want is a little bit more advanced. It's probably going to require a little bit more advanced programming, which the extra communication is going to definitely be worth it then, right? So you're saying in that sense, but I wouldn't say that you actually get better programming. So this is the core package. So for three months, I would say it's $2,000 for the entire three months. I would say $2,000, I'd $2,000, just to make it seem better. and that's, you know, you get, one, you get into my, you know, VIP SERP. You have to word this correctly because you never want to say like, if they go to the other one, then they're, you know, an outcast or they're not as important type thing. But what I say is like, we allow a small group of people into this, right? Just so they get like that little bit of extra attention, right? So you're selling exclusivity there, right? You want to be a part of an exclusive group. You get unlimited text and core communication. Once a week, we'll be doing a call check-in. This is where We're going to take a deep dive into your week, break apart everything you're doing well, where you need to improve, how you can execute a little bit better, and essentially taking a deep dive into your week to make sure that you're progressing at the rate we think you're capable of. And if not, what do we need to adjust in order to get you there, right? And then you just kind of like throw another fill of stuff. Like on top of that, we're also going to – I've actually got my sales script, which runs through all of it. So you're get a fully custom program built around you and your lifestyle, a full nutrition and meal plan guide, all tailored to you. I say by our nutritionist, you probably wouldn't say that. 24-7 text and call support, so if you have any questions, want clarification, you know, need help, or you can reach out anytime. We do a weekly check-in, which is basically what I just said. This is for my high-tech packet, so you wouldn't say that. Yeah. then on top of that, you could also say like, or running through one-to-one educational series and like how practically applies to your life. Right. So you can, it doesn't have to be exactly the same to this, just make it sound  nice. Right. Essentially. Yeah. So if you want to go for two months, sorry, for three months, it's just 2K, there's no additional fees or charges or anything like that. Right. Then there's also the payment structures that I do. So I break it down. Right. Cause do you sell them as $200 a weekly or how do you sell Sell it.
josiah narkowicz: So it's, it's either an upfront or it's a week to week. That's basically it. There's no monthly or whatever. So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I wouldn't do, first and foremost, I would always present it as the paid in full option. Not cause I necessarily want to pay it in full. Like if they're going to give me the cash, then fantastic. But I do like the recurring revenue and then you don't have to try and resell them at the end of it. But, but it just sounds better because when you're negotiating, you're negotiating. Which is basically what we're about to do. You need to get them to work together with you to come up with a solution. If you're just going back and forth and it kind of gets argumentative about price, then they're the one paying you and they're going to be very defensive and they're not going to want to give up their money because they're the one that essentially has control. So it's like, cool, so for three months it's just two grand. Yeah, how does that sound? Oh, it's a bit expensive. Oh, okay, no worries, I appreciate you being honest with me. You'd objection handle a little bit before dropping the price. don't just drop the price straight away. But cool, so like, I mean, I do work with a billing company and it kind of like helps break it down into more digestible chunks. It kind of works like Afterpay. It just makes it easier on cash flow. Do you want to look at that? Yeah. Okay, fantastic. So, and then I'll like come here and I'll look like I'm pulling it up. Sweet. So, just reading what they have. Okay, cool. So, yeah, I mean, if you want to get started today, instead of $2,000, so I'll expand on the $2,000. Instead of $2,000, bring it right down. It is. 1,200. And then we wouldn't officially start till Monday. So the first repayment wouldn't be for like five weeks from now. So ages down the line. And that would just make it 400 a month. So it just makes it way easier on cashflow. Would that be a bit more reasonable to get it started? Now you've taken them from 2000, focused it on 1,200, and now push the attention to 400 a month and how easy that is on cashflow. Right? Sound good? Yeah, that sounds way better. I can do that. If they don't do that, you might want to injection handle a little bit more. Cool. They have this other option. Instead of 1,200, we could just do okay. So it makes it a little bit easier to get started. And then just 500 a month from that point. Is that a bit easier to get started? I mean, no, it's still expensive. Okay. We could do 800, 600, right? Kind of repeat the process. The reason I do this is because if they don't have enough disposable cash to lay the 1,200, 1,000, or the very least the 800, the odds that they have the cashflow, To do $100, $125, or $150 a week, which is essentially what it is, is very, very low. So it's a huge red flag. You don't want to run into payment failures and just annoying  clients. Yeah, yeah. And whenever we're dealing with bigger numbers, I always try to present it in a larger timeframe. So, because 2K for three months is about $166 a week, right? Which is quite a lot. But if I said $166 a week, people were like, , that's way too much. But 2K for three months sounds a lot, you know, sounds pretty reasonable, right? And then I would say, instead of $100 a week, which still sounds quite expensive, I would say $400 a month. You know what mean?
josiah narkowicz: It just sounds better from a psychological perspective. Yeah, it's that price disparity. So you come in with like the bigger number, you're blowing out the, you're saying it's a longer timeframe. So psychologically, they're a little bit more like, oh, that's good. And then you can come up with. I mean, that they might be able to handle a little bit easier, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, see, it's just price anchoring on the price anchoring. So when you price anchor, you're just, in contrast, it sounds a lot better. So $2,000, your price anchoring is high. That way, when you say $1,200, it's a lot more affordable. It sounds a lot more reasonable, right? You've got to be really cautious not to negatively price anchor. Because for whatever reason, if I said, you know, I have this, like, this package, I have this package at $1,500 for three months. Or, like, if you wanted extra calls and support, I have this package for $2,000. They're going to be anchored to $1,500. So when you say $2,000, they're going to that's  so expensive. Right? And the longer they go for, the better rate they get. So it's like, if they want to go for six months, instead of $4,000, it's just $3,500. That's what they're saving $500 at. Now, with this... I would always only talk about what they actually need. So if they've got 20 kilos to lose, I don't give them the option of three months and six months.
josiah narkowicz: Everything I'm doing is just talking about six months at that point.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then it's like, because we want them to sign up for longer if we can get them. If they've got like four to five kilos to lose, it's like, all we'll just go for three months, whatever. But it's like, if they've got 15, 20 kilos to lose, it's like, it's going to take six months. Let's just sell six months. Straight off the bat. So, and then if they, you know, are 3,500s like really expensive, you do X, Y, Z, they still can't afford it. Okay. You know, we do have a three-month option. It's just 2K.
josiah narkowicz: Is that a little bit easier? Yeah. So we're, you know, obviously price anchoring based on like a realistic timeframe that they can achieve a tangible result as, you know, they'd be happy with. And also it's a win-win for us because we get like a longer LTV there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, if, if you've got a reason to get them to stick around for longer, they just go for it. There's no point in signing up.
josiah narkowicz: Three months, just have to try and re-sign them in three months. Yeah. Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: And this works so well, like, because there's so many different points you can bounce around on. This works so well in the negotiation, the objection handling process, because you can just keep going back and forth. Like, really, you've got three different objection cycles here before you hit the end of this. And then theoretically, if you got to the end of that, you can be like, oh, okay, well, look, I do have this other option.
josiah narkowicz: And then you just come down here, and you can just repeat the process.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's like, and then this is a lot more affordable on this package. This is the downsell. This is where I'd be a little bit more lenient to saying, you know, 100 and whatever it is a week. It's like just over 100 bucks a week. That's a little bit more reasonable that people can pay that. So if they can't lay a deposit, then I come to the downsell.
josiah narkowicz: Make sense? Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: So essentially for three months, it's 2K. So. So. So. So, Three months down, so it's $1,500, which is still more than, you know, what you're charging at the moment. And then for this one, it's like a video check-in, like a Loom check-in with text communication. Right? And then you might want to throw in like a once-monthly call if you'd like to. But these, like, you know, you can, a video check-in shouldn't take more than like eight to ten minutes max if they've got a lot of information to go through. But again, you're still meeting and talking to them weekly. They're still seeing you. They're still communicating with you weekly. I wouldn't give them the option of like, no, I don't want to do a check-in this week. Like, I would force them to do it because, like, these guys are  struggling. Like, they come to your coach because they need accountability. A lot of these guys, if you give them the option to do that, they'll start  slacking off. If they start slacking off, they'll be like, why am I  paying for this? It's unnecessary.
josiah narkowicz: I want to cancel. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That you're going to keep them accountable. They're like, this guy's  sick. Plus, the better relationship you can build with them, the more likely they're going to go tell their friends and their maids how  great you are and you get referrals from them. And the more times you talk to them as well, the more time you can try and pick that out from them. Like, you know, do you have, you know, who else do you know that would be keen on doing this with you, man? Like, if you've got a maid that do it, help you  stay accountable. So, so with that, what I'll do is, I've got my check-in form I'll send to you. This is the one that my coaches use. Um, right? Getting to go through a lot more in-depth as well. So.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Um, do you use job form?
josiah narkowicz: Um, I use type form, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Same thing. So you can just kind of, yeah, use that essentially. Is that all making sense?
josiah narkowicz: Any questions on that stuff? No, so obviously with the offer, it's just at the moment, I'm a little bit all over the place. The way I'm delivering, I can see how, yeah, the delivery of it when I'm on a sales call is a little bit all over the place, potentially not as psychologically dialed in. What you said before is before, like, something that stood out as, like, you don't want to price anchor to the wrong one, or you don't want to, yeah, make it seem like it's a bit offensive that they're going from the core to the second tier. And, yeah, that's probably not what I've got dialed in at the moment. Makes probably people think, like, oh. Oh, , like, you know, they probably feel pretty  about it on the phone, maybe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, and then this, the actual pricing of it as well. So being able to handle all these, you know, the objection handling down each phase of it, rather than just here it is, yes or no, and then you've got no other ammo to fire at them. So, and then, you know, people are saying basically no, and you've got no room or leverage to move there. So this will be a much more. And do you send through this payment structure, do you, or do I have to kind of create it my own?
Kyle Musca: You know, like all the resources I send through, I think I've sent this through you or more. So basically what I would do for you is. Just, like, re-look at your offer and, like, look at how you can, like, talk to these people more. Like, I would do a weekly check-in, either video or call, essentially. So you can build a really good, strong relationship with them. It shouldn't take  heaps of time. But just building that relationship with them and giving them a reason to stick around. Because you see it working in person.
josiah narkowicz: It's the exact same concept. You just need to do that online. Yeah, the monthly calls aren't cutting a day. They're just, like, people are coming down and then they can't, they can only afford the $100 a week option. And then it's like, oh, you get this monthly call. I message them every now and again and this and that. But it's probably not great for retention, see?
Kyle Musca: So. Yeah. I mean, you just got to think of, like, if you were in their position and you're paying, you know, $400 a month, $100 for a lot of people. You know, and especially because, obviously, they couldn't afford anything more than that. And then it's like, they don't, they don't really hear from anyone, you know, they get the program, they get a week, call. It's like, would you continue paying, essentially? Yeah, like, especially, again, as I said before, these guys struggle with accountability if they've got no one checking in on them. Because that's the biggest thing you'll sell is the accountability and the structure. If they've got no one checking in on them, they'll just , like, flake and they'll just like, oh,  this.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. The most they're getting is, like, a Monday accountability message. They have to respond to a message, basically, and then they do their check-in on a Wednesday. That I sometimes reply to. And then they might get a few likes on their nutrition logging or whatever it is. That's about it. But I'm hearing you, like, that one-on-one call or that video check-in where they're actually seeing me. They're seeing my  face or they're hearing my voice. You know, that's just indoctrinating them into the service a bit more. So the clients, you know, they get great  results regardless. But there is those few stragglers, you know. Yeah. that are going to most likely drop off. As I said, they're in that red column every week. And it's, yeah, if I was able to retain those clients and extend their LTV, I'm scaling a lot more effectively rather than having to replace these guys. So, yeah, I'm hearing, yeah, like this, this payment structure, this offer, it's probably going to work a lot more in my favor and give the clients a better result and better LTV at the end of the day.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. And, and better experience as well, which they'll talk to their friends about and referrals will be a big one. So it's like, cause where you're at with your business, like everything is so personal cause it's just you, you know, for me, like I'm more hands off the clients that come to me. They don't really, like I'm still, they've always got an open line to me and everything, but there's the coaches doing the check-ins. They're the one building the relationship, et cetera, et cetera. But it's like, for you, it's just very personal and you're constantly giving them information. You're constantly giving them a reason to continue sticking around. Now, the other thing I will add with this, we'll get into sales kind of like, not later, later, but like in the next coming few weeks, probably breaking everything down. But I always add a high, high ticket price anchor on top of this. So I actually try and sell this. This isn't my price anchor. I will say my highest price anchor is like, for three months, it's like, for three months, it's $6,000. It's really designed for like professional athletes or people dealing with chronic injuries or illnesses. But to be honest, like, I don't really see you needing that one. It's going to be a bit overkill for you. Right? So this does two things. One, again, it just price anchors them really high. So now when you say, yeah, for this one, it's just $2,000 for three months, they're to be like, that's so much better. You know what mean? You want that jaw to drop on the first one. You want them to be like, like, . You know what I mean? And then you just do not even try and sell it. just be like, I don't think it's going to really see you. It's going to be overkill. So you're just building a little bit of trust there by saying like, you know, I'm I'm just trying to sell you my most expensive product.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Perfect.
josiah narkowicz: Again, all makes sense of that? Yeah, absolutely. It's kind of the right idea with that at the moment, like my $3,000 up front, and then I come in with the $100 a week option after that. Same kind of principle, but just not as dialed in and not like, yeah. Yeah, so, yeah, I fully understand that.
Kyle Musca: That's all good. Yep. Beautiful. Beautiful. Cool. Yeah, so that's the first thing I want you to do is just go away, refine the offer, and have things that suit for that. If you have any questions on it, just, again, let me know. Now, the next thing I want to dive into is the content, because we really need to get on top of this. And my content's one of those things that it takes time. I mean, if you're not used to doing content, you don't like doing content, especially at start, you probably don't like it because you feel like Probably not very good at it, and that's understandable. It's like one of those things you just have to, like, , you know, do yourself, essentially.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the biggest thing is showing you how to, there's different styles of content, right? So let me pull up this. I don't want spend too long. There's five core pillars of content, so basically five different styles you can do. I'll show this now, make sure you've got it. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. So there's short trending reels, right? And you've probably seen these all over your feed. They're usually three to 10 seconds. And, you know, they're just  basically brainwrap videos. I'm not a huge fan of these, to be honest. I don't do them. Sometimes I rarely do them. To be honest, I feel like they're kind of so easy that I forget about doing them, to be honest. But essentially, what you want is something that's trendy. has to be in the time. You can't get something that was trendy three months ago, a year ago, and try it because the trend has passed. It's got to be very, very relevant, like a sound that's just popping or whatever the case may be. And, you know, usually they're just like, who's good at doing these?
josiah narkowicz: Right. That's really all I've done, like, all year. These seven to 10 second reels with the text and then the comment, such and such, keyword, blah, blah, blah. I don't like, yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I mean, they've got the virality potential for them, right?
josiah narkowicz: Hmm.
Kyle Musca: I mean, they're literally  nothing, but 161,000. She's got a big following, sure, but yeah. They've got a high virality behind them.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Like, so it's that type of funnel, get the eyes on your , like.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, it breaks down, you know, value rating, one out of five. They provide no  value. No one's really going to buy you or trust you or anything like that from them, but they are really good for, like, growth and reach and, you know, getting your content out there and just getting you seen, right? Very, very simple and easy to make as well. Well, I'm not going to spend heaps of time on them because they're pretty straightforward and honestly, they're just, I think definitely. Definitely do them because they're great for volume and they're great for fillers, but don't rely on them as your content source. They're not going to bring you actual converting clients. And mistakes, again, don't do, you know, if this sounds too three weeks old, it's probably too late. It's got to be relevant. And you'll see this when you're scrolling through your feed and . You'll see what's popping because obviously it's  on your feed for that reason. Just make sure it's got heaps of likes, heaps of shares, heaps of whatever the .
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Moving on from there, this is where we get into the content styles that start having heavier hits. So talking straight to the camera. Now, I do really like these. One, they're great for building a relationship with your audience. They're great for kind of like getting people to understand who you are and like getting a personality across a little bit more. And they're very easy to film, right? So essentially, you just pick up the phone and you just talk about whatever the  you want to talk about. Now, this is where like actually understanding how to create content. And And And where source content is really important, because if you just pick up the phone and you start talking about, like, if you want to lose weight, you've got to be in a calorie deficit, and it's, like,  boring common , no one's going to, like, listen to you, and they're not going to do very well. So Shelby is a good example of how to do these well, right? Six years of sales experience in the next 60 seconds. Let's rock. Now, when I, so this is, I like calling it content act. So the best way to find out, find viral content, or make viral content, is find content that's already gone viral, right? So I would pick three to five creators in your, it doesn't even have to be in your niche, to be fair, three to five creators, and just, like, closely watch their content, come onto their Instagram account, go to the reels, and then just scroll down to see which videos perform well. And as you can see, like, this one got 32k, 33k, versus this one, which is 216k. This one clearly did well, right? And then... Really break down the video, like almost frame by frame. See how it was filmed, the lighting was filmed in. Six years of- Very important thing, the hook that she's used. You know what mean? Six years of sales experience in 60 seconds. You know what Six years of coaching experience in 60 seconds.
josiah narkowicz: Absolutely, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Like, don't try and reinvent it. Obviously, don't copy word for word things people say. But like, that's the hook that worked. Just reframe that to you in your specific situation.
josiah narkowicz: Got it? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then also look at things like how it's edited. So, you've got the captions down here, right, which is really important. Captions. I think like 60 or 70% of people watch videos with the sound off. So, captions are always really important. And then you've got, she's got the, you know, actual text here above, because that works like a bit of a thumbnail.
josiah narkowicz: Right?
Kyle Musca: What I would also do. Because when you're creating things, especially on your phone, which I assume you're probably going to be creating most of your content on, use the Edits app. Have you got that?
josiah narkowicz: I do. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
josiah narkowicz: So making it in CapCut or in the Instagram app.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's basically, it is literally Instagram's version of CapCut. But Instagram is obviously going to favor you for using their platforms more. So when you share straight from Edits, Instagram can see that and it'll be more likely to push your content for that reason. And because that's a relatively new thing, I would try, I would definitely get on top of that as soon as possible because eventually I'll probably take that away.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. So Shelby's good at talking straight to the camera videos. You can use her as an example. Another one who's really good at it is, I don't know if you've seen these people as well, but like Hyrup Wellness, he's created his entire profile.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just this style of content, right? Again, come to find something that's done really well, like, you know, substantially, what, 260,000? All right, I've stayed quiet for as long as I can, but now the topic dominates my algorithm on both social media platforms. When it comes to the constant... I think that one probably only did well because, like, who is people already know him? I think if you did something like that and they haven't seen you before, that probably keeps going. Here we go. Simple habits built. If you just give me, like, two minutes, I'm going to give you five things that will completely change your life for the better. Number one, you're going to get... So, great hook. You know what mean? That hook clearly works. If give me two minutes, now they're like, okay, I'll stick around. You know what mean? And then what I would do is, like, watch the video the whole way through, look at the angle he's approached it from, like, what he says, and then just make it your own, essentially. You know what mean? Again, never copy someone word for word, but, like, you you can't steal an idea. You have your own ideas, your own beliefs, and your own perspectives on things. Right?
josiah narkowicz: Does that make sense? Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, just take the transcripts, mix it up a little bit, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. I don't like to get too AI with my content, right? So, like, this is a lot of mistakes that a lot of people make nowadays, I feel, is, like, they're trying to get too AI. AI is great for, like, structure and frameworks and stuff. It's not great for creativity. It lacks that human element that makes things human. Right? So, like, yeah. Yeah. Does that make sense?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. This is probably a limiting belief that, like, I feel like I'm not a creative person to an extent. Like, I rely heavily off scripts and that sort of thing. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, I think that would, I would say that's more just, again, yeah, limiting belief because you haven't done it enough. Yeah. It's, like, start with the scripts and stuff like that, you know, break it down. know, but... But then I think when you get really good at content, like you can just like, you should be able to just whip out the camera and just  go, go for it. And that's like, cause I did like pretty much all last year. I scripted all my videos. Like I'd spend two hours on Monday,  scripting, two hours filming on Tuesday, two hours on Wednesday, scripting in two hours on Thursday. And I was like, this has taken so much  time. And I don't even like, it feels, it was all right, but it felt kind of forced type thing. And I was like, just give me dot points, break out the  camera and I'm good to go. And like, just got really good. I'd be able to film a full educational video in like 15, 20 minutes. Whereas before it'd take me like an hour.
josiah narkowicz: And then you're just kind of chopping it up, chopping it up, taking the pauses out sort of thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, I just send it to my editor, but then again, like you have to film the content to see what you don't like about it and like how to get better. So it's like, especially like, I don't like watching myself at all. Like I  hate my own voice and everything like that. But like, spend the time watching your content because you'll be like, oh, I don't like that. I'm not going to do that next time. Like if you're saying ums all the . And time and like, you know, pausing or whatever the  it is.
josiah narkowicz: He's just like, I'm just not going to do that now.
Kyle Musca: You need to watch it back so you can see. Talking of head videos, again, it's still pretty simple. Yeah. These are the most viral content pieces at the moment, right? If you do these well, you will give up. These are basically all I do at the moment because they're just fun.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, I've seen these popping up on your page, getting millions of  views, man.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, they're just super  easy.
josiah narkowicz: I've come to the content god to learn, mate.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Yeah, these are super easy. I started my account on doing these. They've worked for  years. And I kind of like went away from them because I didn't really like, like I like, I guess, filming them. were easy, but I wanted to be like more educational and everything like that. The fact that the reality is like people do not want to be educated on short form platforms. They might think they do. They might say they want to. But, again, the reality is. If anyone's going to take, you know, an educational video of an in-depth topic in one minute and think they  know all about it, they're probably an idiot. You know what So reaction videos, you can educate on them. You can be more, you know, humorous. Again, have your own angle from them. Obviously, again, my content's all around that, so you can have a look at that. Another really good example of this is OB Health. You've probably seen him, maybe.
josiah narkowicz: Yes, yeah, I have.
Kyle Musca: He films a lot of this style of content. He comes from more of an educational coaching perspective, which is, for you, what I would definitely recommend doing. And they're really, really  easy to film. Like, I can sit down and in, like, an hour, an hour and a half, I can film, like, nine of these. And I don't even, I don't have to think about content in the rest of the week. And they just accumulate so I can get to the point where I can not film content for, like, two or three weeks. And I'm all good. I just Doesn't affect me at all. So there's two styles. There's two different ways you can go about this. this was good, this isn't good. So I'm just not going to. There we go. So one, you could like film yourself, you know, with an actual camera and then have it as like an overlay like this, like he does, right? Which seems to work quite well. Or you could do like how I do it, where it's a green screen, like how he's done here. And you can do this in the edits app. So this looks a little bit more professional. Um, probably require a little bit, I guess, more editing in a way. Um, I just do it this way. It's super  simple on edits. You just do the green screen behind you, put the video up and stuff. It's easy.
josiah narkowicz: Huh?
Kyle Musca: Is that not making sense?
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. I had a go. I'm making a few of these and I, I got like 5k on one of them. Um, recently it was just like, what was it? Someone making a  avocado protein. Um. Brownie. And I was like,  this avocado brownie, mate. Like just eat the normal brownie, you know, treat yourself every once in a while. Like, you know, and it got some good views. So yeah, I know how to make it. I like the editing, the ends of that. don't find that boring.
Kyle Musca: So yeah. Yeah. The thing with these and like, even the talk, pretty much every video piece, to be honest, anytime you're talking, is make them very like, always cut the fat out. Like if it doesn't need to be said, don't say it. And like, sometimes almost leave things unsaid, because then that fills in the gap for people to like make comments and stuff. Like some of my most viral videos, it's like something so clear that I've just like forgot to mention or didn't mention. And then like everyone in the  comment section is like adding that in as like, you know, commenting and essentially, which is pushing it even harder. So the shorter it can be, the better it can be because people. People were more likely to watch through it. The more people that watch through it all the way to the end, Instagram's like, this is a good piece of content. Let's show this to more people.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, absolutely. Better stream time. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then when I'm editing it, I will cut off less than half a second of the back and front of clips. So there's no pauses or anything. Depending on what I'm saying, if it's ending a sentence and I want the word to hit a little bit more, I'll have the slightest pause. But then it's straight back into me talking. There's no gaps or delays or anything like that. It's just fast-paced the entire time. Right?
josiah narkowicz: Does that make sense? Yeah, got it.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Coming back into... Got too many things up. Cool. Now, this is the voiceover. These are quite good. I do like these ones. I haven't done them in a while. But, like, for instance, you might... You want to film a workout and it's like, you if you want to build an absolute  mountain chest or whatever, here's a three exercise chest workout that you need to try, right? And you just voiceover. They're still pretty simple, pretty easy. You know, you'll see that like a lot of girls do the like day in the life type things where they do the  voiceovers. can do stuff like that. Full day of eating is a really, really good for this. You know, here's, here's what I, a full day of eating is a, you know, personal trainer who works 12 hours a day.
josiah narkowicz: You know what mean? Yeah. I've definitely got a bit of resistance to this one. I think like it's clearly building a good connection because they're kind of seeing you live the lifestyle and that sort of thing as well. But I see the ones like in the grocery store. I'm like, it kind of annoys me. I don't know if like, I need to kind of get past that limiting belief.
Kyle Musca: If maybe, because I just don't want to do it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. So yeah, I've got a certain contents that I don't like. So maybe this is one of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Again, you got to, you shouldn't, for you, should test out like all of them. If you really don't like this, you don't have to do it, obviously. But I would say like test them out and then you'll probably find one that resonates with your audience and one that you like making. And then that's where you just like narrow it down and you can just like build your entire account off that one type of content. You know what mean? Like there's, and again, it can be so  like so much of the same thing that like when we look at, you know, Matt, for example, you've probably seen Matt as well.
josiah narkowicz: Pops up everywhere.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Like a few months ago, less than six months ago, he had like probably less than that, probably less than four months ago. had like 300,000 followers. He just had this one content piece that he now does on repeat, basically says the exact same thing in every single video. And. And he's playing all the way up to 1.5 million.
josiah narkowicz: He does those food ones, doesn't he?
Kyle Musca: He does like, yeah. Which is a reaction video. That's exactly what it is. It's just a reaction video of a viral recipe. So the good thing about reaction videos, I forgot to mention, is because you're taking a video that's already gone viral and you're using that as leverage because people are clearly interested in it. That's why a reaction video is so powerful. And again, you can try these, like Torin, for example. Torin's a guy I'm working with. We started working together about six to seven weeks ago. He was at 30K when we started working together. And he's just done the exact same thing. And he's at, you know, 340K. It's ridiculous.
josiah narkowicz: Jesus. Yeah, okay. And then what, you're backing it up with like a talking head one every now and again? Or do you think this is like, you said before, yeah, obviously. The value out of that one to five scale, what do you reckon these are out of five?
Kyle Musca: So, like this one specifically?
josiah narkowicz: Because you can kind of bunny hop off of that and talk about something value off the back end of it.
Kyle Musca: Hey, you're just getting their initial buy-in from this kind of viral video. Yeah, so with these ones, would say they're about a three. Like they're really great for virality, but like you can't go off topic. If you watch these videos, you can't go off topic and start talking about like other things. It's just like, this is the recipe, make it, try it. And then the most you can do is like, if you want my high protein, low calorie version, comment the word protein, I'll send it to you. Like that's the most you can kind of do. You go too far.
josiah narkowicz: Is this guy making the  recipe though?
Kyle Musca: Is he like, all right, let's try it out and let's make it.
josiah narkowicz: Oh,  me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So he's doing, he does, he does exactly what Matt does.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. Um, yeah, so with them, again, you can have your own spin on them. Um, like there's, um, so Mark does a lot of reaction videos, but he does a more of a coaching, educational type sense. I mean, I saw him post this this morning, already 120,000. It is shredded and looks insane. Amazing work. But how much do you think she weighs? 55 kilos, 58 kilos, 60 kilos? For reference, I'm 5'10 and I weigh about 80 kilograms and this is how I eat and change it. Did you hear that? To me, that doesn't even strike me as like that kind of a video. But this is obviously so eye-engaging. That's the other reason they work really well. So there's two. One, you're leveraging really viral video. The other thing is they're very, keeping the eye very engaged. And the more you can keep the eye very engaged. The better, like the more people would stick around, essentially.
josiah narkowicz: Who was that last example you had?
Kyle Musca: This guy, Mark Carroll.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, and then the, sorry, the guy before that, he got from 30. Torum. Torum. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and you can see just same video on repeat. Repeat.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. It seems like a lot of effort to, like, make the recipes, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but, like, I mean, if that's the only content you're doing, it's getting that many views, it's like, and you're to just, like, make cool food all day.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, pretty much.
Kyle Musca: Then, yeah, so voiceover narration videos, you don't have to do the ones in the shops, like, I can't remember his name off the top of my head, but you've probably seen him. And he's like, boys, this is what I ate  full day of eating, and it's, like, steak and blueberries and, like, honey and all that . You know what I mean? Like, nutrition stuff. So. Fathom always does really, really well. The furthest I would do a voice narration video is like a  training day where I'm like breaking down my training or a full day of eating. That's probably all I would do for me personally. Then there is this one. So in-depth actual coaching videos, which don't have the greatest virality they can. Instagram has sort of definitely seemed to shift away from them. Partially probably because like a lot of people just started  doing it. But they are really good for like building a good relationship and the authority with your client base. So for example, like Sage is a great example of it, right? Yeah. This is the only type of content Sage really does. Like you can see startup testing out a few of the other reaction videos and everything like that. Doesn't get crazy engagement by any means, you know what mean, like 3,000, 4,000, sub 100 likes, like nothing crazy, right? But it's just so like, I guess, authentic and like obviously coaching and actually value-driven that people actually like get value when they watch them. So therefore they feel trusting in going to him for it as a coach. I mean, and, you know, Sage is like ads, one of the best performing ads like I've got across the account, like in terms of spend and I guess profile reach and everything like that. Another one who's good at this is this girl. So again, like even less than Sage, right? 50 on that. 32, 46, 21, nothing crazy at all, right? 15,  all. Yeah. Like, because she did that content and, when we ran out, she's got the best cost per lead and everything out of all my accounts. And I work with , like, Hattie Boydell and  who has hundreds of thousands of followers. Right? So it's just, like, a really nice, authentic way that people can connect with you and get your, you know, getting your personality, sure, but you're also giving, I guess, genuine, practical advice to use.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, okay. So some of those, what was it, the long, the long form?
Kyle Musca: plate of potato. Yeah, so, like, more educational ones, so. Potatoes is 283 calories. And this plate is only 170 calories. They're the exact same amount of potatoes, an exact same size, yet one is going to make you gain weight and one is going to make you lose weight. These ones were tossed in a few tablespoons of oil, while this one was sprayed and sprinkled with some seasoning and thrown in the air fryer. I mean.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, it's just, I feel like, straight away, I thought, well, , of course, like, of course. But then you realize that everything. Everyone who's watching a content or everyone who's out there in the matrix, like, they don't really know that information, so they might find it a bit more interesting, whereas I'm watching that going, like, it's a pointless piece of content.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but these people struggle with , you know mean? Like, you have to, like, kind of dumb it. You have to dumb it down. Yeah. So Alex, if you want to, like, get content like this, Alex Gamble is a good one to come to because he's built, again, he's falling off that. And, again, the same concept. Come to one that's done well. I know you just said you don't like shopping ones, so we'll skip past that one. Let's say 221K. All right, that's done decently, though. This day of eating has 2,900 calories. This one only has 1,900. Here's how. Kicking off in the morning, never skip coffee. Full cream milk, swelping for skim milk. For brekkie, we've got food. So the other thing I want you to take notice here, very eye-engaging. You'll see every time he picks something up, the camera zooms in, zooms back. There's, like, writing that pops up. Right? Like, it's, you would kind of miss it if you weren't thinking of it, but like, when I want you to start looking at content, I want you to start really breaking these things down, because they're like a lot more important than you just think by looking at it. Blueberry and peanut butter, protein, it's both the same amount of oats, same amount of protein, and the same amount of blueberries. See a little bit of milk with 30 grams of peanut butter.
josiah narkowicz: Eyes here, eyes here. Moving on to lunch, we've got two simple notes here in saying it's per day, and yes, you can absolutely.
Kyle Musca: That's a lot of food to like, get together, probably wouldn't go for that one.
josiah narkowicz: Just something basic, like this bowl of  oats has this amount, and this.
Kyle Musca: Yes, again, this one, 400k. This scrambled eggs on toast has 751 calories, and this one only has 440. When you're trying to lose body fat, eating healthy and not seeing results, it's like getting your quarterly tax bill. It's just . To avoid the . Another one that does good ones like that is Joel. And again, like, if you break down her videos, you'll really understand what I'm talking about when I'm, like, looking at eye engagement, right? Like, she used to get millions and millions of views as well, so you can see how, like, the algorithm is really, like,  turned away from that style of content, but still very useful for, like, actual value-driven stuff. What, the educational so-ons? Yeah, yeah. Like, and I was the same, like, I used to spend heaps of time doing it, and they still got the same amount of engagement and everything as my ones I do now. Like, at the start, the algorithm just wouldn't push it.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Your period makes you crave chocolate. So you zoom in on the chocolate. So let me explain why. Your body has two main hormones that control your crazies.
josiah narkowicz: Progestion. Using props and , yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just always having something for the eye to look at.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, that Mitch, you know that Mitch?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Little fella, he does that, doesn't he? Yeah, I think so, yeah. So, yeah, essentially, like, I would pick, try different ones, play around with them. Again, keep in mind, you're probably not going to be, like, super flashed to start with, right? But you've just got to get better at them. We'll review them with time, and that's what we'll, like, look at working on. But, like, essentially, we need the content to actually review.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Well, the ones that I feel like would be the talking-to-camera ones, I could pump them out pretty easily. The reaction ones, I could pump them out.
Kyle Musca: I just need those where to actually source the videos, you know, like, where the  you're at, because you can't just scale the internet looking for randoms. Yeah, that's a good question. One, when you see them on your feed, save them, like them. Definitely save them, because then you can just go straight into your saves and just, like, do a batch at once. Like them, possibly even share them. Like, if you interact with it, the algorithm will vary. Very quickly start picking up that you are interacting with that content and just like start going Hamlin, right? If you've got like, I have two different accounts. So on my fitness account, I only watch fitness . Like otherwise my reels get all  up with other stuff. So it's like, you know, depending on what you want to do, if that's what you want to do, then fine. Otherwise, if you don't really like look through reels and stuff that much, just keep it all within that style. Because if you start digressing, it's kind of hard to get it back. Now, in terms of how to find it, one, you could come to someone's page and start like liking a lot of their content, saving a lot of their content. Or, and it doesn't really work on the computer as well as it does on reels, but I would go into your phone and then go reels or go search and just do like gym transformation, right? Like typing keywords and then, yeah, it's not going to come up on this, but essentially. So ideally, like a lot of gym transmissions would come up, reels would come up and you can say them like and react on all that .
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. Yeah. Like that Booty's by Jax or whatever,  his name. Like he just does the, oh, is it a BBL or not reaction video? They always seem to do really well.
Kyle Musca: So. And his feed would just be   all the time.
josiah narkowicz: Like his would just be thirst trap after thirst trap after thirst trap. Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. All right. Well, that was a lot.
josiah narkowicz: Does that all make sense? Yeah, absolutely, mate. I think I've got a lot, a lot to start with, at least the preliminary, just basic kind of stuff. Yeah. With the content, I think I'm going to try, I like the long form, like the educational ones. It's a bit scary, like for me doing the, like getting the foods out. I'm not really known as like the nutrition kind of. Guy. So it'll be interesting, but I'll just, you know, have a go at making a few videos. Yeah. The reactions and the talking to camera, but I might, I might not do the narration or the, the seven second ones either.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. The seven second ones are easy to do. I'll give them that. You might as well. They're good for filler than just boggling. And then again, really important with all the content pieces you just said there, go find an account that does it really well and use, find what's gone viral. Don't just try and like, think of it on the spot. Cause one, it'll be a lot harder. And two, like, even if I did that, it'd probably suck. Like, and I've done it  basically every day for like three years straight.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. And do you, do you suggest an editor or just  around?
Kyle Musca: Not for where you're at. Not for where you're at. Just like get, we need to get really good at volume and then we'll look at getting better, but we need volume first.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah. And just with the offer stuff, like do I, yeah, I'll only obviously use that with all the new clients, right?
Kyle Musca: Like test the new system with all the new people. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you could even say like, I mean, you could go to the people that you have now, be like, hey, you've been an awesome client. I want to give you an upgrade. We're to be doing weekly volume videos if you wanted to.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Just, yeah. And then get used to that as well.
josiah narkowicz: Right.
Kyle Musca: And then any of that stuff, just again, any questions or anything, just shoot me through it.
josiah narkowicz: Anything you want me to review, any feedback you want to shoot me through. Will do, bro. It just seems so far away, like actually getting clients from Instagram. Yeah. I've never really like posted content and then gotten clients from that.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. That's the thing, as I said the other day, it's not like a hard numbers game. You can see I posted this piece of content, got me this many clients. And no one specific video is probably going to get you clients. It's going to be like they're going to be following along for a while, and then they eventually just reach out. But you need to like start that to start that process.
josiah narkowicz: Cool. Yeah, okay. And just like posting times, trying to get one a day out, doesn't really matter about the time, doesn't really matter about the caption or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the caption is really important for keywords. We'll go over this in more, like we'll continue dialing this in. But caption is really important for keywords, so we'll try and like write a little bit in the caption, because that's how Instagram will figure out who to put your stuff in front of. Key times, I would have a look at your Instagram insights, and then you'll be able to find active times of your followers. And then usually it'd be like a bell curve where like it'll get busier, and I would post before it's at its peak. So like an hour or two before that.
josiah narkowicz: Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Come on. All right. I do have a dinner, but anything else?
josiah narkowicz: That's all good, bro. Thanks for that. Got a lot to go on with. And I've got all those links in the chat, hey? Yeah. Right. Perfect, bro. Enjoy your dinner, man.
Kyle Musca: Will do, man. Anything you need from me, just let me know. Will do, bro. Appreciate it. You, bro. Bye. Bye.


>>> 239/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-05T06:03:55Z | id:99247115
People: Kyle Musca

Meg Tovey: Okay, cool. Do you think there's more than one person?
Kyle Musca: Probably there's more than one for my account. When I look at the thing, it's like probably six or seven.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Yeah, and then just send like anything you see back to her.
Meg Tovey: Have you guys started the magic hat trick yet? So I went through last month and I was like clicking on to highlight who I wanted her to do it to because there were a lot of flops. And there was only like two that I actually thought would be worthwhile and so I just did them and both of them were like can't afford it. And then everyone else and I just actually they weren't even from last month. were from July and June. So I said I'd do it at the end of each quarter. But. Like everyone else who didn't sign up last month either didn't know, didn't show up or there's like two that I've put time waster.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I would, I would personally do it to just anyone, like any, anyone tagged as an inquiry, because that will get all the no-shows. Like it's designed to get the people that, you know, didn't show, they canceled or something like that. It's designed to get them back on a call or like even just people that inquire about coaching because you know that they're somewhat interested in weight loss. You know, maybe they let that opportunity go by and they're feeling like . You know, they've been sitting like, oh, , I should have done something. should have done something. And then you just pop up saying, oh, you've won something.
Meg Tovey: Like this is a sign. I've got to do it. Yeah. And then I had two that I was going to message, but I was going to wait a week or two because they, one of them still messaged me. Like she's messaged me today saying, oh, my husband's still work, like just randomly. So I'll let you know on Saturday. And then there's another one that. I think we'll still, won't convert, but it was only like Wednesday last week, so I thought it was a little bit too soon. In my head, correct me if I'm being silly, but I'm like, if that's something that far away, just seems very like fake.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, yes and no, I mean like a winner's a winner, regardless of whether it was, you it could be last week, it could be last month, it could be three months ago, I would kind of go like, hey, was she on the fence about it?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I was so close.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I would maybe just change it and be like, hey, you know, once a month, I don't give away for $500 of coaching, but, you know, so it's already in the script. Usually it's random, but like after we spoke, I know you were really on the fence about it. It just finance. It's holding you back, and I really want to help you achieve your goals. So if you want to move, like, if you want to move forward, I'm happy to give that to you.
Meg Tovey: Okay. Yeah. And then you reckon still do it to all the no-shows?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would do it to everyone. So I went through there, I think it was like yesterday, actually, and I reworded it all. Not reworded it all. You're still using the same templates, the same one. But, like, basically just changed it to, you know, monthly. If they've already been pre-qualified, like already on the conversation above, then it's just like straight into booking a call. If they haven't been pre-qualified, then they do the qualification before just booking them in randomly.
Meg Tovey: Who would you be messaging that wouldn't be pre-qualified?
Kyle Musca: So, like, let's say someone who just inquired off an ad, and maybe, you know, they... ... ... ... ... ... They finished the flow. So what I would do. So it tricks me up. So as you can see here, there's a tag here, IG add all leads. I would just filter it by then. So, like, if they haven't obviously finished that or, you know, gotten to the part of the conversation about, like, what do you do for work, et cetera, then they're not qualified. Yeah, right. So it's just, like, as long as they haven't gotten to that part, then we ask them these questions. And what's your current weight? Just, like, stuff to hide the main question we want is, like, do you have a job, essentially? Yeah. If they're good to go, then fantastic. Let's book in a call. If not, and then it's just, I just have a low ticket option.
Meg Tovey: I just try sell by chat. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Could you send me that? I did put the script that you sent me the other day into my spreadsheet, but I'll check that. There's just nothing I need to add.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Cool. Then I'll be interested to see how the change in there. I've got my... I love that guy, but anyway. I'll be interested to see how the change in the wording... What are you there? Yeah. You hear me? Yeah, in the wording, the script, because reading back, I mean, it's just always about like... The funnel is like a little bit... You know, you've just got to figure out where the kinks in the chain are. The conversations are good. Like, you're getting calls booked in and everything like that. It's just that the shop rate is now like not great, which just means that, okay, like, one, I think reading through the conversation... It's like the setters need to be a lot more on top of, like, getting through the post-booking flow and, like, making sure that you can send through that message basically, you know, saying rock up on time and everything like that. But I also think that question of just, like, asking them directly, will you 100% be able to make that time? Because then they need that commitment and they, like, understand that it is like, you know, you have scheduled, you've gone out of your way for them, essentially. You just have to be a dick of a person to not do that.
Meg Tovey: But then, so, I mean, they said yes, and then they'd show up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. What was that, sorry?
Meg Tovey: The person I've had at 2 o'clock, she literally said yes at, like, 11 a.m.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Did you use that part of it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Already, okay. That's just the  person. Yeah. And then, yeah, I think the video ad scripts should definitely help bring in, like, better quality leads as well. Beautiful. Then there's, like, so that's just. Again, getting all that uploaded. And then you want to start looking at, like, more organic ways and everything like that to generate kind of leads type thing?
Meg Tovey: Just before we go into that, I was talking – I was going to run another – so last year I ran four masterclasses and I sell on the masterclass and they're actually quite successful given I only ran them organically. And so I had planned to run another one in two weeks' time, just organic, just so I could kind of do, you know, two things at once while we're sorting the ads out. But I mentioned that on my call with Rhys this morning and he was like, could you use some of the ad spend to create a lead campaign to collect more mobiles? Because, like, on the opt-in form for the masterclass, it's, like, name, email, mobile. Yeah. And then he said, wait, hang on, let me bring it up because I forget what he said. He said more people to retarget, like by getting that list of people. And then he also told me to send you the list of all the people that have done all the mobiles. Wait, is it mobiles? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: On the last person. Mobile or email, it was both fine.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, so he told me to send you those because it would help with targeting or something?
Kyle Musca: So there's two ways you can use a retargeting list. One is to retarget specifically them. And, you know, to be fair, like it'd probably be a relatively short list. Like how many people do you have on that, like an actual email list like that?
Meg Tovey: On my email list or on the masterclass?
Kyle Musca: The masterclass, I'd say, like the people that are.
Meg Tovey: Across. One of them, I don't have mobile. I don't know, 400?
Kyle Musca: Okay. So it's pretty small. mean, it's not too, like, it's, we could definitely do that and just do, like, a really low ad spend on it because it's not targeting that many people.
Meg Tovey: Not if you don't think it's, like, worthwhile.
Kyle Musca: No, I think that's potentially worthwhile. And it's, like, it would be a very low ad budget just because it's such a small, I guess, pool. Kind of like the retarget ads, you know what mean? Like, I tried to do less than $5 and just wasn't having it. But that's probably all we would need to spend a day on it. And then, and then I think you'd get through that 400 pretty quick on that anyway. And then the other thing you can use, like, list for that, like, a retargeting list for is a lookalike audience where it can get basically say, like, these people are interested in this. Let's go find other people that are interested in the same thing. The issue with that is, like, you need about 5,000 data points to actually give it enough, like, size to do it off. So you couldn't really go take 400 people and say, like, go find more people.
Meg Tovey: We just wouldn't be able to do it properly. Yeah, I couldn't even really use old clients because I was going to say, oh, old clients would be good, but they'd only be like, I don't know, 800 and something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So the masterclass is a great idea, if done correctly. It sounds like you've already got the structure and everything to sell off the back end.
Meg Tovey: Is it a live or is it an evergreen class? Live, because I didn't want to make it evergreen until I was like doing very well live.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So what you could do here is, I've thought about the- The reason it came up in the call, it was actually just for context as well.
Meg Tovey: I went in and set the kind of thing about not doubling, double handling. And so it was good. We were talking about more organic strategies. And that's how it came up because I was talking about like how I can utilize the SMS, like the mobiles that I've got in my database, because there's probably- Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I don't know, 300 leads that haven't been clients yet. And then he was talking about like with outbound, you need really high volume. So if I wanted to run the masterclass with ads to just build that mobile list more, an email list. So, yeah, I don't know. I was just going to do it organic because I kind of wanted to like see. I was, it's obviously good to be able to separate like what's coming through organic and what's coming through ads, but also like, yeah, open to whatever you reckon we should do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it's a really good lead magnet because like anyone who's willing to actually invest into, you know, watching a masterclass is probably pretty committed. And it's a really good, like they're more so probably in the information gathering stage. So really roughly about 3% of your, your, your audience is going to be in a buying mode where, you know, you put an ad in front of them and they're like, yes, that's me. I'm ready to buy right now. The other 17%. So the is going to be about information gathering. They're probably still a few months off. They're just trying to figure out what their problem is. Can they fix it themselves? Who do they even need to fix it? They're just gathering information. So the masterclass can close one larger audience size, technically, of people that are interested in that, but it can also close that gap of delivering them that information. And if you're the one delivering them that information, then they have a high trust in you. The way I would kind of run in masterclass is it's pretty simple frontal because, you we want obviously contact details to retarget both from an ad perspective and, you know, through message outs, if that's what you want to do. But what I would probably do is add a first step where it's like, same thing, DME masterclass to start the message. And the only reason I would do that is because we can set up a mini chat flow to tag those people, right? And then they go, and then the first message would be like, hey, here's the registration of the masterclass. And you can enter their name, email, everything like that. still collect the contact details. But, like, once you tag them, then you can, like, re-message them in the future, right? Or you could even try and start a message straight off the back end of that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So it kind of worked in those two regards. Really just depends on the angle you want to approach it for because you probably, it would have to be a very, like, soft sell if you still want them to obviously attend the master class.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But then you could also, because they're tagged, like, you could do the master class and then, like, a day later, be like, hey, you know, did you get a chance to, you know, come on, if you can get a list of people that did show up.
Meg Tovey: Like, hey, I see you in the master class. Like, how do you enjoy it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: Plus, I've got an email flow that I was getting sales from, like, post-master class. be for I think was. Yeah. Yeah. I do collect, like, in the landing page, it's got name, Instagram handle, email, phone. So, like, I can always retarget them through Instagram DMs anyway because I'm collecting the Instagram handle. Or I can take that off so it's one less thing they need to fill out. Or are you saying, like, not even have the landing page and just get the details in chat?
Kyle Musca: No, I still have the landing page. So, when you ask for the Instagram handle, basically, like, again, every time they have to do a click or type something new in or whatever, it's a point of friction. So, when you ask the Instagram handle on the landing page, that's a point of friction. When you ask the, when you make them comment and then send the message to go to the landing page, it's a point of friction, right? Yeah. So, it's just like, for me, it's like, what's the less point of friction? I would say click, click is less point of friction than click. into the landing page and then they, like, don't know their Instagram handle, so they have to, like, unclick it and then, know what mean? Yeah. Or they have to manually type it in, whereas they're just automatically tagged if they come in that way.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. So when they come in through ManyChat and they're tagged, is the ManyChat still setting them then the landing page, but I would just take Instagram handle out of the opt-in?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's what I would do.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, because then I wanted to do this as, like, an evergreen type funnel and test it out and be like, hey, I've just put together, I think if we're going to do it live, we'd probably be better to avoid it any kind of sale beforehand because the master class will serve as, like, a little bit of a primer where you either try and sell on that, you try and sell on the emails after, or you try and sell on DMs after. But I think what would be a cool idea is just, like, record it if you're already going to do it and then just say, like, I've put together this master class for... You know, women in their 30s wanting to lose weight, if you want access to that, just, you know, DM me the word, again, masterclass, and you can just run that as like a lead magnet.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I, yeah, I just like kind of don't, I haven't done that yet because, so for context, I run it live, sell on the masterclass, like with the whole value stack, price slash  thing. Get a deposit. And then I had the recording upload to like a learning page where, for the emails after to watch the replay. The only reason I haven't done as an organic, like as an evergreen thing is because I was planning on doing it consistently, like, I don't know, once a month or something. And I knew that if someone watched it evergreen, again, could be wrong, but like. knew know, know, Thank you. I'd rather them watch it live because then I can sell better when they're on there live and, like, they've got that engagement. So that's why I haven't done that yet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So Russell Brunson actually did this. So he ran a masterclass every Thursday, basically how I would do, and he's the same masterclass every single week, so he always would be really, really good. But what he would do is, like, the whole marketing campaign would be essentially from Saturday through to Thursday. Wait, Monday through to Thursday. And then Thursday would be the masterclass to sell, and then Thursday through to, you know, Saturday, Sunday would be the follow-up trying to resell them afterwards. So that essentially worked. So you could definitely do something like that. It would just be about, like, how many people are you actually getting to show up? What is the, you know. Yeah. I numbers around it.
Meg Tovey: It's very inconsistent. It was very inconsistent. I feel like I've done, it says number four, learning page. But I feel like I've only done it three times, so maybe I have done it four times. But from the three I can remember, I got over 100 opt-ins for the two that I ran organic. I think 150-something for the first one, then maybe 110 for the second. And then the third one I did was actually like a – it was like a ClickFunnels – like I did a funnels program where they set up everything through ClickFunnels and run your ads and  for a period, like for a four-week period. So that got like two 40 opt-ins, but that was the lowest show-up rate out of all of them. Like I think I got about 30 show-up to the first two, and then that last one was like 15 – or maybe 16, 17 people show-up, but it was literally a week before Christmas. I just was running it because I was like I'd rather do it than not do it at all.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, well, the other things are, one, again, to a colder audience, they're not going to –
Meg Tovey: Care about it as much.
Kyle Musca: The Christmas thing obviously definitely doesn't help. And I think you should probably like keep it a relatively short marketing cycle if you're going to do it.
Meg Tovey: Because again, if I signed up to, you know, join a masterclass in a month time, I'm not remembering that in a month time. For sure. We've mapped out this 10-day kind of like push to run it next Wednesday. Not next Wednesday, the Wednesday after. And the content starts on Sunday. But that was with planning on doing it all organic. So, yeah. But we could still, again, you can tell me what you reckon. But I was thinking just then we could still do it organic but just still set up the mini chat thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think still set up the mini chat thing. And it is completely up to you as well. You're the captain at end of the ship. But we could always as well just do like quite a low ad spend on it just to see if there's like even merit for us to like really. right. right. following. All You know, try to push it in the future.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I think my question was, I don't really want to increase ad spend yet. And I know, so I guess my question for you is, is there, can we move ad spend or is that going to take away from the DM ads? And if so, I don't really want to do that. I'd rather just do it organic and keep working on optimizing what you're doing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I think what we'll do is when these video ads, we'll get them up and running, and then I'll probably call back the other ones. Whether that is the job interest campaign or the broad is still undecided, because, like, based off the cost per lead of the new one of, like, working full-time, which is the capi attached, it actually seems the broad one is, you know, pulling through a little bit better. So we'll just see how that goes over the next day or so, and then I'll probably make the decision on that. But essentially, I'll just, like, take the ad spend from one of those and then, like, shift it to whatever's performing, whatever. Whatever. Campaign is performing better. And then it would just be about, yeah, essentially just like, yeah, if we were going to put something up, then something else is going to pull back. So if something's not winning, then we'll just pull it back.
Meg Tovey: So what do you reckon with the masterclass?
Kyle Musca: So the masterclass, I definitely think set up the miniature flow. I definitely think run it hard organically.
Meg Tovey: Because I was thinking, even though it's, even if I ran it organically, could still send the, like, could still target everyone that's ever opted in to an ad to say, come to the masterclass as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could do a retarget after that for sure.
Meg Tovey: Not even a retarget ad, like, we would just get Klamay to message everyone who's, like, everyone in the state.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. I would, yeah, no, you definitely could do that. Again, I would, you could do a retarget Retarget. For an audience that small, it'd be like, it's so cost-effective.
Meg Tovey: It's like a couple of dollars a day, Max.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Because we can just retarget anyone that's messaged in the last 60 days, for example, which would only be a couple hundred, maybe a thousand or so, but it's still, that's pretty relatively small.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like, if we look at, if we look at, let's pull up your account real quick.
Meg Tovey: I just don't want it to take away from anything that you're doing with the, like, DM ads. So, you are the captain of that ship.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so even... so even if look take look at, Thank Yeah, so far on the retarget ads, the last seven days, which I don't even think they've been, when were they created? 30th of October, so yeah, under a week. That's already hit 145 people. So, and the goal there, I guess, is, and that's retargeted them a fair bit as well. Like, they've seen it more than once.
Meg Tovey: Is that, who is that targeting?
Kyle Musca: Anyone that's messaged you in the last seven days?
Meg Tovey: The testimonial videos?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, like, ideal is.
Meg Tovey: okay, right. I thought it was just targeting people who booked calls.
Kyle Musca: No, you'd have to set up, like, a webhook through Calendale or Go High Level or whatever.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, right. No, no, that's so fun. I was just like, there was not that many people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but the idea is, like, if they message through and they're interested about coaching and then they start seeing all these videos, they're like, oh, it makes the greatest. It's like, oh, cool, I'll book a call. Um, essentially. Um. Yeah, cool. So I think...
Meg Tovey: So retargeting campaign with low budget to the masterclass. All the people, adds people from last 60 days to the masterclass. Once the other campaigns turned off.
Kyle Musca: It also, yeah, I mean, because, I mean, the other thing is, again, you can't, you've already got that tag on IG Ad All Leads. So I would also potentially just get, yeah, I mean, how many have you actually had with this? So last 60 days. Let's just get back to September. So that's 500, so about, about 600 people in total have clicked through on an ad. So for that, mean, you might even want to just get clima to, yeah, just go send a message about, hey, I knew quite about, coaching. I'm running, or like, inquired about losing, you know, whatever. I'm running a masterclass on November.
Meg Tovey: I'm working on metabolism.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Oh, sorry, I thought you were, it was, I think it was laggy. I thought you were seeing what it was on.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, basically, you could just filter them by tag, like, hey, I'm running a masterclass, or actually, this might coincide with the magic hat trick.
Meg Tovey: Have you started that yet? Not. Just the two that I did myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's okay. Well, that poses a bit of a problem then because we'll offer my five-year-old coaching voucher and then, like, a week later, you'd be like, do you want come to the masterclass?
Meg Tovey: Well, should we do the masterclass because it's in two weeks and then do the hat thing a week later?
Kyle Musca: You could definitely do that. It's just, yeah, if you want to push off that magic hat trick tool, then you definitely could do that.
Meg Tovey: Because I feel like the leads from the last month have been very, like, not ready.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so you could, that would. Yeah, you could do that because then it would serve, again, the masterclass would serve as a primer. And then you could basically then go in with a, you know, magic hat, you've won 500-year-old voucher type thing afterwards. They're already like, you know, you're just building trust, providing value, value, and then offer. So, yeah, I reckon if we're going to do that, then we maybe keep the magic hat in the back pocket till the week after we launch that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And is Rhys going to help you with the whole marketing campaign for that?
Meg Tovey: No, I just like did it myself because I was just going to do it. Like, sometimes, obviously, I don't  need to run everything. Like, I just wanted to take action. And I've run it three times before pretty successfully. So, I just made a plan. Like, with the content that Lauren and I already do on the business page, we just, like, tweaked either the topics that she's filming or we've tweaked, like, yeah, what we're posting to just make sure it's relevant to the masterclass. And then just CTAing either in the video or in the caption to the masterclass.
Kyle Musca: Like, masterclass. Like, Like, Like, Like, Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay.
Meg Tovey: Open to suggestions.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would just, yeah, funny CTAs and your story and stuff. Like with organic, like most you can really do is just CTAs in your posts and your stories and your feeds, all that stuff. Then, yeah, can we just do... Yeah, we could do a very low ad spend on retarget if that's what you... It depends on how, like, I guess every angle that you want to approach this from. So it would have organic, would have the message, would have like a little bit of retarget there as well. It just depends on...
Meg Tovey: I think, and I'm fully open to what you think, but I reckon we just keep all the ad spend just on what we're already working on. So we're not trying to catch , you know, do two things at once. words. Just And I just run the masterclass organic and get Klamay to message all of the ads people from the last two months.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I reckon.
Meg Tovey: And then it'll be run in two weeks today. And then there's an email flow that goes out the following five days. And then we could do the hat trick thing, say, in three weeks today.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Do you do a sale on the coaching at all, like when you do those?
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I like to – do you want me to show you?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, if you could, please.
Meg Tovey: I've opened it up in a hot minute. I have to edit the prices and stuff, but I'll show you the gist because the pricing is like based off our old pricing. And I've had a couple of increases since then. So at the end – Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, it's like this, and there's testimonials, and then there's like, yeah, so it's like go through what you get, six months coaching, normally 2960, so that be three. I think I edited these as well to be like more than what they actually are, so I'll do that. Um, plus my Nutrition Codes course, which is like a DIY  nutrition course, which I could put the price up for that, and then obviously total value, more testimonials, and then slash the price. And then they can either do a painful or weekly payment plan.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. And, so you had 30 girls to roughly join the last ones you did. What was the conversions?
Meg Tovey: So. I don't know if it was 30, maybe 25. One of them, I did 15K in sales. So what's that? Seven people must have been. Another one, I think I got three people. And then the last one, I got none because it was just the biggest flop. I also had tech problems.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Meg Tovey: So it's so inconsistent to even be able to say. But you can hit me with your suggestions.
Kyle Musca: I'm open. Yeah. No, I think, I mean, if you've got seven out of 25 people joining, that's high. I feel like the biggest thing would just be the show up, right? Which is hard with masterclasses.
Meg Tovey: I also think on that one that I did get high. Oh no, that was the last one. I did SMS. Like I did that burst SMS thing. That was the last one though. We're like, I think I got  15 people and they're all . But that was, yeah, it was cold audience. Like, so no one was engaged. Okay. Okay. In the chat box or anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I reckon run that, yeah, organically. I agree. reckon let's just keep out of spend on getting this direct funnel then. And then once that's, you know, up and running and everything like that properly, and we've got a little bit of, like, extra spend, we can play around with things like these, and then we definitely can. Yeah. How long does this usually go for?
Meg Tovey: This goes for an hour.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay. Oh, yeah, it's 60, 70 slides on. Okay. Gotcha. All right. Well, that's, and you're just going to handle the whole marketing campaign yourself. What do you usually do? Like, what's actually, is there an actual structure with it? Or is it just, like, try and get as many CTAs? Is this possible on organic stuff?
Meg Tovey: There is somewhat of a schedule. So I have a reel that's like a pretty hard promo for the masterclass. Like I got a videographer to make, similar to like what Vaughan made. And then this is a reel I already have of Lauren like talking about how, it's talking about how like everyone talks about weight loss, no one talks about how to keep it off once you've lost it. And then we're doing, we do these carousels where it's like what our client blah eats in a day to lose 10 kilos with four kids or  whatever. And then the CTA will be on the last slide. Another educational one that Lauren does with Allie, but I just told her to make it like relevant to the masterclass. I had before like a client result with a testimonial. ETA. Yeah, so basically just all of them, like, just lots of social proof and any of the content we are posting is just, like, tying it back to the muscle. Yeah, okay. And then this is, like, her post. It's not been fully mapped out, obviously, but this will be, like, the two, three days post. So she'll do this one the day after, talk about how, like, in the caption, how great the masterclass was, congratulating the people who joined the community, live replay available who anyone opted in, and kind of, like, still some kind of education. But, like, more so the education after the masterclass is, like, kind of things, topics that I kind of debunk on the masterclass. So it's called Unfuck Your Metabolism, but basically the first 20 minutes of it is me making them aware. Yeah, that they're, it's like, I guess, making the problem aware that it's not actually their metabolism, it's that they are one of three people.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. You know what you could do around this as well is, when's Black Friday?
Meg Tovey: Soon.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's the 20th of November.
Meg Tovey: I just want to try to note to add some stories in, because I hadn't planned any of those out yet, and I would have gotten to the week and been like, oh, I've thought about that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, you could always, always, always, always use the, you know, because it's Black Friday, because you came to this, this masterclass, and in light of Black Friday, usually it's 6,997. But today, you can get it for just, all of this, for just, $19.97. Okay, yeah, cool. Because I was going to say we could do some Black Friday stuff, but like. It's not good to, like, market different things all the time. Like, we just film new ad scripts. We've got the mass class going.
Meg Tovey: If we threw a Black Friday thing in there, it'd be like, what the 's going on? Yeah. Plus, I don't really – I've never really done the whole sales thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, neither have I. So you've got, like, sales. You've got discounts, which I think never do, never publicly promote anyway. Pretty much never do. I can't really think of a time where a discount would really make sense. But otherwise, the better alternative is just to add a bonus. So it's like if you sign up now, you get an extra month free. If you sign up now, you get X, Y, Z free. Like, you add more than taking away. So, yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, cool. Just one question with the master class. With the end, like, I think part of the resistance of people signing up is the checkout process. This is a bit clunky. What would you recommend? Like, Like, because I've obviously got the pay in full option, but I'm pretty sure everyone except for one person did the payment plan. But there's quite a few steps they have to do on my, like, payment thing, my direct debit thing, to get to finishing. So I don't know if Is it a newbie or? Nah, it's a one I've had for years. And it's really good because they have, like, a debt collector attached and stuff, but it's, and it's fine when I'm on a call, but when it's a masterclass and I don't know who's opened the thing up, if they've had issues. So I don't know if I should have, like, a deposit instead of the full thing or, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And you can't just set up, like, a reoccurring subscription type thing?
Meg Tovey: I can. It's just three pages before they actually click submit, before they, like, sign and submit. The page one is there, it's like, says what the offer is, and they click the commencement date. Page two is their details and bank details and stuff. And then page three is where they click to sign the terms and conditions. And it's like, yeah, if they're not good with technology or if they have an Android, sometimes it  up. Like, it's just not very seamless.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Can you change, like, once they sign up, can you change the payment amount and frequency in the back end?
Meg Tovey: Not with that, like, they'd still have to do that, all that whole process. That's why I thinking I could do that on Stripe and they pay a deposit. The only thing is then, like, I can imagine there would be people that would pull out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I wouldn't. Yeah, because I know, like, in Stripe, if they pay a deposit and you get their card on file, you can just automatically create a subscription without needing them afterwards.
Meg Tovey: Oh, you can?
Kyle Musca: Stripe. On Stripe.
Meg Tovey: I hope you can, yeah. Okay, maybe I'll do that. I've not really used it properly. I've only ever used it for people when they've asked to pay in full for things.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, okay. Yeah, as long as you... Then I would probably just do that.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay, cool. I've got so many of my clients on Genui, but I don't even use it myself. Is it easy to set up? Because I could even just set it up for this kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Not really. It's simple if you don't, like, really know what you're doing. Stripe, I think, is just as simple. It just looks more complicated. But, like, I think Stripe has more, like, actual, like, maneuverability in terms of, like, what you can do in the back end. Whereas, like, NeuroLeadership doesn't even have a web platform. It's trendy and everything, but I prefer Stripe, to be honest.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I'll go with Stripe.
Kyle Musca: Less fees, too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, NeuroLeadership can't really do too much. Like, in terms of the... In terms of conditions and the disputes and stuff, like I don't think they can really do too much at the end of the day. Yeah, okay. Cool. Yeah. So is that mainly what you spoke about with Rhys, is just the masterclass set up?
Meg Tovey: , we talk about so many things. And he was saying basically about going harder on outreach, like outbound stuff, because we're talking obviously organic, and referral, like optimizing how we do referrals.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Are you gaining many followers at the moment, do you feel?
Meg Tovey: Oh, know you, because I do not know. Wait, Al, um. Is that like. I'm more accurate.
Kyle Musca: I'd say it should be just be an accumulation of all the views of the reels that you've got.
Meg Tovey: Because that's on 430k, which is like pretty high. But the new followers is only 153 in the last 30 days. So still a lot, but like not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it depends on the kind of content and everything like that you're posting. It also depends, you know, if your coach is posting a lot from her account, which is getting good views, like decent views, but they're already following her, they're probably not going to follow you, if that makes sense.
Meg Tovey: That's only one post per week, and it's the recipe one that she posts. Like everything else she's posting directly from ours, and then if we collaborate, we're collaborating back to her personal page, which only has 1,500 followers.
Kyle Musca: Right. Okay.
Meg Tovey: So the other six posts we do in the week are straight from the business page.
Kyle Musca: week business page, is is which which do which the Well, let's have a look here. Because the organic sort of thing is definitely, like, if you want to focus on and everything like that, it's a bit of a slow process. But, again, the leads are much warmer and they're a lot easier sales. So it's like you get less, but you get much higher quality.
Meg Tovey: Yeah, I feel like I, because I've built my personal following back  eight years ago or something when I was in my fitness girl era, which I'm not really, I don't really post that kind of content anymore, but, like, trying to build this page is a little bit harder, I feel, because it's like a business, it's not like a personal brand page.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. That's just straight, wait, can you hear me? Yeah. All right. Yeah, just the straight branded pages are pretty difficult to do, just because they, I'm just looking through the post and everything now. The only thing I would say with your branded pages, it's just like, there's not heaps of you on there, which I think is also helping, like hurting the shop rate and everything like that when people are booking calls through, you know, this account. As we kind of spoke about there the other way, because you kind of just seem like a little bit of a closer, to be honest. If you can send the videos and everything, like showing that you are the owner and everything like that, that's a different story. How about your actual personal account?
Meg Tovey: Does that get, do you post much on there? Um, more like this, like, either business content or I, it's, a lot of stuff is collabed from the bit. So I collab all like the community stuff and the results. And then the rest is just like my personal  and like business content when I think of it. Like, I don't have a strategy for my personal page. I just post if I think of something because I'm not focusing on that. Like all my business clients have come through referrals.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, right.
Meg Tovey: Okay. I've already had lots of food.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. So it just depends on, it's always easy to build a personal brand. One, someone who does it really, really well.
Meg Tovey: I also, the reason I kind of have built the page that way is because I wanted to build a business that didn't rely on me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's the, that's the, thing when it comes to. I guess the coaching space is because it's a very personal branded type of industry, really. People are much more likely to go with someone they can associate a face and a voice with than just like a regular weight loss company. Like even, you when you look at the biggest weight loss companies, like you can always attach a face to them, like V-Shred, for example. Like he's got a massive company, but you know, you just think of V-Shred as a V-Shred. So this guy does it really, really well, but he just posts like a ton of social proof.
Meg Tovey: Like his whole account is just social proof, which is, you know, hard to get this much. I know. He lives like so close.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Is he back in Australia?
Meg Tovey: was in like Dubai last time I saw him. Yeah, I don't know.
Kyle Musca: But like I would kind of do just simple like talking videos, just get like more volume through. Like they don't like go viral or anything like that. I wouldn't do it like how he does either. But they don't go viral. Or anything like that, but like you can, you become very relevant and relatable and everything like that. And people can start to feel like they kind of know you. So again, like I wouldn't, you know, they can go, I always get a lot of followers and stuff, but I wouldn't, yeah, that's kind of the main piece of content I would add for you personally, just in your position. And like the one, the quality and the relationship you can build by doing them, but also just how easy they are. Like if you get, and you're really good at them, so you can just like pull them up and just like  bang them out and do five at a time. And then you're good at a week. But I would also add that in. And you might even want to do that with the masterclass coming up. It's like you just do them and then every single time you just add another CTA. Because if you're getting two posts out of a day, like that's not a bad thing at all. As long as they're decent quality and, you know. Yeah. posting.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Um, the other thing is like, if you really want to squeeze organic and everything like that, I would probably get a schedule for. Especially like story CTAs and everything like that. So do you do much with story CTAs?
Meg Tovey: Yeah, so feed schedule is education reel Monday afternoon, funny reel, like top of funnel reel Tuesday morning, education carousel, or when I say education, I mean like value providing of some kind, Tuesday night, education. Education Wednesday, education, trend of the week Thursday, social proof Friday, nothing Saturday, social proof Sunday. And then stories, Lauren does like something that's come up in her like client check-ins, whether it's a challenge or a win and how they kind of like overcame it or whatever with the CTA. Okay, so I say like minimum three talking to cameras with a CTA on the last slide. Then she does a full day of eating one day with a CTA and then a full training session and like tips,  whatever. And then when she reshares that, when she collabs that food video on the Saturday, she has to repost it to the story and then do some kind of polls or stickers or like something like that about like getting prepared for the week ahead or like something around that. And then Ali, my other coach, is also doing her training session now with the CTA.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Okay, so what I would do, that's good in terms of feed post. I would, like the stories are really where you can start engaging in a lot of conversations and trying to get those conversations going. So, what I would do there is, one, on Sunday, Monday, I always like to do a hard CTA because usually people have a lot more motivation to do stuff at the start of the week. So, usually it would be like... Like better to do it in like three stories where you tell a little bit of a story, you know, off the very top of my head. Here's what most women in their 30s get wrong about nutrition. They try crash diets. They try to get super restrictive. They try and cut out everything they love. And what ends up happening is they just burn out and feel terrible. And then maybe the third one is like a transformation of someone you've helped. And like what we do differently is we show women how to heal their relationship with food. So that results last for the rest of their life, right? If you want us to teach you how to do that as well, DM me the word nutrition. You know, and so you kind of have just a direct harder CTA or if you need professional help to do it, DM me the word nutrition, whatever. On Tuesday, then I would do like a question box type thing. Now, question box are really good because one, similar to the talking to head ones, it helps you to build like a little bit of relationship with your audience and everything like that. It helps you to. It's become noticeable, you know, it gets people used to your face and they can ask questions and interact with you. So what I would do there is, again, similar things. I've got some time to answer some questions about, again, I'm just going to go with nutrition, right? You know, I spoke to a girl this morning who had a really bad relationship with food because of X, Y, Z. You know, it made me think, you know, maybe it's a weird nutrition thing. It made me think, you know, what are other women struggling with? What are you struggling with? Nutrition, kind of a terrible example, but I feel like you hear my point. And I'll answer a few, right? Cool thing about that is one, you can reply as stories to give that education across, but you can also just message them straight off the back end. Because with these, what we're trying to do is like realistically just start conversations, right? So it's like, yeah, message is straight. Straight off the back end, because it's a personalized response of what they just said. Theoretically, like depending on what you want to do, Wednesday, you could even do like a live, right? Every single week I cover, maybe it's just a straight up Q, a live Q&A with anyone that joins, right? Depending on whether or not you really want to do live.
Meg Tovey: We don't really get that many story views.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's not, again, this is just the issue with organic, because if you don't have a massive following, then it's like, you really just like, you have to be really, really consistent with it. And again, not every single one is just going to pull in leads. Like, it's just, you know, every single Tuesday, for example, you do a questionnaire, which gets, over time, gets people more engaged with you and more comfortable to do that. If you just do a one Tuesday randomly, it's probably not going to do much. So the thing with organic is just like consistency, like massive amounts of volume and massive amount of consistency. Kind of like cold outreach, but I'm not a huge fan of cold outreach because it's just like, I don't know, I just don't like messaging people randomly. And it's a little manual work. you.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. No, I used to do this heaps on my personal page, which is why I used to get so many  organic leads. And so, like, I obviously baked that framework into what the girls do, but it's, like, not hitting as much as it used to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, no one can ever kind of really do the job you can do, unfortunately.
Meg Tovey: I'm trying to get them there.
Kyle Musca: So they can. Yeah. So those are just the pitfalls with organic. Definitely can work, but it just requires massive amounts of volume.
Meg Tovey: And you reckon I do the more hard promo on the Monday or the Sunday?
Kyle Musca: I would.
Meg Tovey: And then I do the Q&A? Or I get Lauren to do that?
Kyle Musca: I mean, you guys could. I'd probably, it would always be better coming from you. Okay. It would, yeah. Because, like, yeah. I was going to say, like, do it. Do Maybe alternating, but that wouldn't make sense because like one week, that's a one week, that's a her and it kind of ruined that consistency factor of like always just seeing you. Yeah. And then there's heaps of other things you can do as well. Like, for example, you might do and get creative with it as well. Like it's not necessarily easy. The more creative you are, the better. But you, and the less friction, the better. So for example, a sticker tap is super, super easy or a pole tap is super, super easy. Right. Like, for example, I'm giving away, I've got some time this afternoon. I've had 30 minutes to open up. For the first three people that tap this sticker, I'm going to give a free nutrition audit. Right. And then basically just message everyone off the back end of that. Once that story, you you post that story, like five minutes late, post another one. You know, those spots are filled. Sorry to everyone that missed out, but they only see that after they've already ticked the sticker.
Meg Tovey: So you can just message everyone anyway.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then again, organic requires a little bit. More work. That's maybe where you jump on a 5-10 minute call where it's just basically like, what are you struggling with? And they're like,  tell you all the reasons and you tell them all the problems, but you don't tell them how to actually fix it. And then it's like coaching just becomes a natural step for them. Have you ever thought about coaching just to get all this stuff sorted? So again, it just unfortunately requires more work if you want to go down that route.
Meg Tovey: I'm  keen to work. It's not even the time or like the energy. It's more that I feel so out of integrity because I'm just like so out of, like I just don't do the coaching anymore.
Kyle Musca: I just want to talk about business.
Meg Tovey: I don't  want to talk about fitness and  food.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I'm in the exact same boat, which is why I don't really put, you know, I don't do any educational videos anymore, to be honest. It's like, I , they don't, they do work really well if you can get the views on them, but they don't go viral. They're good for like nurturing people. And just giving that value and, like, getting them to connect with you at the end of the day. So you need both. Like, you need viral content. You need value-driven content.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. I need help with viral content.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, mean, like, we can talk about all that stuff. What are some, like, what are the main avenues Reece likes to go down with, like, Organic Gen? Because he's fairly big on that.
Meg Tovey: The first, like, six months, he's very, like, you get on the call, you give the stats. Like, you know, how many leads, where they come from, all the blah, blah, blah, blah. And for the first few months, like, we were tidying things up and I was also, like, in the midst of having one coach leave and a new one. So, like, there was a lot of problems that it was good to have a second brain on. But now I'm, like, I don't need that. I need, like, a zoomed out kind of look on the business of, like, seeing things that I don't see myself. Because. Okay. Okay. So, yeah. because I don't – I feel like I've done it long enough. I don't need someone to, like, help me solve problems. I'll solve them on my own. But I was kind of defaulting to using it for that because I didn't really know what else to talk about. But I kind of said today, like, I need a bit more of that, like, zoomed out guidance. But there were so many things, so now I'm confused.
Kyle Musca: I'll have to re-watch the recording.
Meg Tovey: The main thing that I left with, the main to-dos, were set up a – like, an affiliate link for all of our clients and then run, like, a end-of-year kind of thing for people – referring people between now and 1st of Jan. And he wanted me to do, like, an athlete search, but that's, like, outreach, which I'm, like – An athlete search is
Kyle Musca: As like affiliate marketing or as in like finding clients by cold outreach?
Meg Tovey: Like a, well, it is finding clients, but it's like a ambassador kind of search. And then you basically, you end up picking one and you give everyone else, you kind of do the, not the magic, but instead of them paying the full price, they might get it slightly discounted and they just have to post or whatever.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I get what you're saying. I get what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah, I get it.
Meg Tovey: And then like I recently set up like a referral program with a few different businesses and I've like printed out flyers and stuff for them to like hand in conversation, like my hairdresser, brow people, like those kind of, because I'm trying, I want to build more of that like where the leads are coming in consistently and you're not having to pay for them. Because obviously like if I just rely on pay Marketing, it's like a pretty black hole to get into. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, yes and no. Like, if you get one winning ad, can, like,  double your business, and then you just turn everything off if you wanted to. And if you've got the recurring revenue, which is why I like recurring so much, you can just remain highly profitable. It also depends. Like, it's a big rabbit hole with paid because it's like, direct is just like, we want to get things straight back. But it's like, once you get to a certain point, it's like, cool, now you can start, like, investing into, like, slower cycles, but ones where you can do a lot more volume. So, again, like, that would be, like, where we do a lead mag of, like, a master class, for example.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. Yeah. And I want to do that. Like, and I've obviously got the budget for it, but I just, yeah.
Kyle Musca: We need to, yeah, we need to, never want to spread ourselves too thin. And realistically, one funnel should get, you can get to about a million dollars a year before you should even be looking at adding another funnel. So, it's like, let's just get this.
Meg Tovey: It's working.
Kyle Musca: Especially because, like, again, the leads are now getting booked. It's just the show-up rate is the  thing. So it's like, we just need to fix that. If we can do that, then we're off to the race.
Meg Tovey: Yeah. No, I think, like, integrity in business is really important to me. So I don't have regrets re-signing, but, like, I just need to kind of figure out how I can utilize it differently. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm not going to be like, I'm going to pull out because I already paid in full.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, I would just, I mean, from what I've heard, he just, he focuses heavily on, like, organically, Gen, you know, strategy. So it's like, I would just try and utilize that as much as humanly possible. Because to me, like, it doesn't sound like your business has too many fires in it. Relatively, every business is always going to have fires, but nothing that's  burned the ship down.
Meg Tovey: So.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Meg Tovey: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Awesome. Well, perfect. Okay. Anything else you want to chat about at all? No. All right. We'll get that stuff implemented. And then, yeah, if you have any questions or anything, just let me know.
Meg Tovey: Thank you so much.
Kyle Musca: No worries. All right. I'll chat to you very soon. Bye. See ya.


>>> 240/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-05T06:44:59Z | id:99251503
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
jese Smith-shields: How you going? I'm good, bro. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good.
jese Smith-shields: How's it going? Yeah, not too bad, actually. Pretty busy.
Kyle Musca: Pretty stock standard. Yourself? Yep, pretty similar. I've just been chasing my tail ever since I got back, so I you it's the first day. I kind of felt like I've had a little bit of, I guess, groundy, but we're getting there.
jese Smith-shields: Holidays are good until you try and get back into routine and you're just .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I was working, like, not crazy long hours, but decent hours in Dubai, and then... Yeah. Like  just constantly like having to do stuff.
jese Smith-shields: It's just like, dude, . Are you back in Gold Coast now or are you off somewhere else now?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, on the Gold Coast. Yeah. But cool, man. Super, we'll dive right in. How's this week been?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it's been pretty good. It's been a pretty quiet week for booked calls by the feelings of things. This CA dashboard, was trying to look at it before. Sorry, I probably should have shared my screen over.
Kyle Musca: Yep.
jese Smith-shields: Still  confuses me if I'm really honest with you. It felt like a more quiet week for booked calls. If I'm honest with you, why aren't they slow it across?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think it was there. Okay. So the CEO dashboard is really good to look at because we can very, very clearly break down at what point is there a kink in the chain.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So your show-up rate is great. Yeah, your show-up rate is great at 60%. I mean, it's not through the moon, but it's definitely good. Closing rate is fantastic. 78% close rate is  unreal. Did you take a lot of calls or was that Marina?
jese Smith-shields: No, that's all me. Marina's been in Thailand.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, right.
jese Smith-shields: So, yeah, that was a little bit of a  round too because we had some calls booked into her and then it was a bit of a  round within changing them over us and then I just took all of them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. I mean, that seemed to have paid off, to be fair. And then the cost per acquisition is  unreal too. per delivery too. Yeah. They should definitely, the VA should definitely be filling in this revenue on ads. So in terms of new cash collected, the future revenue, total revenue, and then return on investment. But like if you've closed bookings and then closed nine of them, is that right? Yeah. Wait, that's showed up. And closed seven of them. Yeah, so seven. Do you know what like the main contract was that you've sold?
jese Smith-shields: A few of them were, most of them were on weekly. I just had to slowly work my way all through them because they're still quite young.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. But in terms of like weekly is good because you just stack on that recurring revenue as we've spoken about. But like the return of like the contract value of it is really the most important thing. Because like let's say we just rounded it to even 3,000, some six months, some three months. And you've got seven of those. That's. It's, you know, what, $15,000? Yeah. Wait, $21,000. Yeah, $21,000 total from $1,000 ad spend.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, which is, yeah, it's decent.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like a 21 return on ad spend. Yeah. Is there any part, what's confusing you about this the most?
jese Smith-shields: I'm not a numbers guy, if I'm really honest with you. Numbers, names, and dates. I start looking at them, and my brain goes  everywhere.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, okay. So, for me, having a look at this, man, the biggest issue here is at the booking to lead, at that 10%.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Which is industry average around that, but, like, if you can get that to 20% and all the other numbers stay the same, you've just doubled the amount of sales, and that 21 has gone to 41.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You're usually, that was just off the top of my head, but, like, you're usually fine, like, if you can fix something. Something like that early on. It's not usually just 2x.
jese Smith-shields: It's like 3, 4, 5x. Yeah. Yeah, I have noticed because she's doing a lot of the messages. And a lot of the messages are still good and actually still very on point. But we've had an unbelievable amount of people pretty much tell us to  off this week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Do you want to stop sharing your screen? And I reckon, is there anything specific that you want to cover at all?
jese Smith-shields: No, not too much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I'll take over the screenshot. And then what we'll do is we'll just go straight into getting to the root of that. Little thing too is on. it. it. it. it. Let's slow in. What was the day range? Let's see your dashboard again.
jese Smith-shields: The 30th, week 5, 30 to 10. Does that make sense?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So 30th to the 10th.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That can't be right because we haven't got to the 10th. So So 31. Let's Let's Let's Thank Um, should it be, and the data was already filled out? Yeah, she filled it out today for me. Can you send me a screenshot on WhatsApp?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, right, okay. Yeah, so the, that's the 23rd, the 30th. So, yeah, there we go. So, first and foremost, adspend's off. Um, don't know where they pulled that number, but that's... Wrong.
jese Smith-shields: Okay. Well, that doesn't help.
Kyle Musca: Total leads is wrong. Total leads is well off, actually. So what you want to do there is So we'll tell you sure what system it subscribe So that's 70, 73. Okay. So, I mean, that seems decently accurate, I guess. Um, this is, so this should be how many leads you see in meta.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So for that, we've got 64. Technically, well, actually, it should be technically cost per, uh, 81, as long as it stays the same. could be cost per result, which would be 139.
jese Smith-shields: Mm-hmm.
Kyle Musca: I feel like they've switched, they've  it up. These two should be sloped around.
jese Smith-shields: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Um, because it does the calculation off this one. Um, because if you did. Yeah. Because, yeah, okay. Because if you did, um, the 70 off that, and then you got 15 booked in. Um. Your percent height would be much higher. Yeah, so it'd be 14.3. So not crazy high, a little bit higher than it is. Your CAC would also be a little bit higher as well. All the dollar figures would be a little bit higher.
jese Smith-shields: A little bit of change off that.
Kyle Musca: Okay, so I'll just maybe have a chat about that to them. Yeah. make they're pulling the right data through. I mean, you're having a lot of conversations here.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, there is a lot.
Kyle Musca: I'd maybe ask Kiana on this, but, like, if she uses stuff like Sweetie and Han and stuff like that. Yeah. Let's have a reader's conversation. Do you have a specific goal? I don't know how long you've been feeling this. I want to turn my body into, and my goal weight is 69, struggle binge eating and take away. I also learned to exercise a major spine surgery of it. And so being, being open about it, um, it must be tricky to manage your goal of a current exercise during the session. Yeah. Cool. Thank you. What do you do? So, good job on them to actually skip the struggle question, because she already answered that. So that's good. And then just straight into, like, what do you do for work?
jese Smith-shields: Yep.
Kyle Musca: I'm based on Rocking Amal. Are you looking at getting them wrong? Can they have a of set goals? She. We might have asked that because she said she's changing jobs. Otherwise, she probably shouldn't have asked that. Seems popular. I know how much to charge. I don't know if you've seen me in here. I mean, so that's a pretty decent conversation.
jese Smith-shields: She might have come back. She hasn't replied yet. Yeah. A lot of the conversations are pretty well.
Kyle Musca: Are these? Well, to be fair, these are all qualified leads. I don't know she can get rid of that. Just do  all ads. But that is good because, I mean, anyone that's actually finishing a flow is a good, like, it usually tends to work out to be a pretty decent conversation.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I might even do, actually. actually. Can I, I wonder if can exclude it? Yeah. So that's pretty decent.
jese Smith-shields: I do notice that she is really good on like following up and whatnot.
Kyle Musca: Under 21 years old, so that's fine. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, that's still a pretty decent conversation, underage. It is all just underage. So... Yeah, I mean... They're all underage, and from what I can see from the qualified ones, they're all pretty decent conversations. I guess it is a little bit like with the conversations I was reading, even 15% would be pretty low. Like it's surprising that it's that low, which isn't even that low.
jese Smith-shields: How would you suggest trying to increase that percentage based off that then?
Kyle Musca: Let's go back a bit of this, and you're getting a lot of messages. So older than 21. Well, this person never got a response back. That was the magic hat trick, which she never played.
jese Smith-shields: I don't know she replied to an ad for some  reason.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Let's read it as soon as possible. This one just seemed like a bit of a tonic stuff.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Hold on, 21. So this girl never got a reply back.
jese Smith-shields: Where are those ones popping up with the no reply?
Kyle Musca: These ones?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: What do you mean?
jese Smith-shields: Because I'll try and go, because she's pretty much doing from 8 o'clock till 10 o'clock at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
jese Smith-shields: So I normally try and do the ones prior, and then if I aim up later, I try and continue the conversations, but I've never seen those ones.
Kyle Musca: They could be in your quest for the potential. If this person's a  weirdo.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. There's a few strange ones.
Kyle Musca: Is anyone... Yeah. Any... Yeah. For this right now, thanks for understanding. That's just all wasted. Yeah, so another one hasn't replied to, Casey. Hughes.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, right. Yeah, when I search over, comes up, but... Yeah, so another one hasn't one one Casey. Yeah, I'll probably just have to be more diligent on that then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, that's, obviously we want to make sure everyone's getting a reply, but that's not, you know, that's not like there's a , a ton, a ton of them. Yeah. Can I stay at home? Mom, I feel, yeah, so I mean, like, hit and miss, there's obviously, you're always going to have, like, , you know, poor conversations and time wastes and stuff. What was it previously, like 10, 10, 14? Again, I think that's about 14 as well. 15 and 22. So, for science from this one week, they're pretty all right. Then, from your automation, automation, So ideally what we want to do is we want to get this stuff obviously pulling towards over 21, which a lot of them are like 70% is good. So I don't want to change that too soon. So we want to keep feeding it that good information. And you've got like these numbers here are so strong that even though this isn't bad, like the leads are definitely, definitely high quality with high quality. And then like show up rate on average would be like 75% or something.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, the show rate's been actually really good since bringing in guy high level and those automations in there. And even if they're not... I don't think I've actually had any actual full ghost-ins. A lot of them just let me know prior. Yeah. they don't, they're not.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Well, I mean, from everything I'm reading, like, again, I'm surprised, like, from the conversation I've just read, I'm surprised that, you know, it's even at 14, I would have definitely expected that being up, like, 20 and even 30 from, especially these recent conversations.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah, no, that's fair.
Kyle Musca: There should be a definite post-booking flow on that. You have a post-booking flow, eh?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, there should be.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah. Oh, sweet. Yeah, perfect. Thank you. I'm actually surprised that the show-up rate is so high because you don't really mention that you're jumping on, unless it's in the post-booking flow with you.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, it's not mentioned within the conversations. It doesn't get mentioned until the book's actually confirmed.
Kyle Musca: And then it's like, I booked you in with my brother, Jesse, or?
jese Smith-shields: My business partner, Jesse, and then her reason is because she's out training girls, out training the clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'm still pretty surprised that the show-up rate's that high. Usually when it's like anyone else, they're like, Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: We have had a few say no, but they obviously weren't that great of leads if they can't really have a conversation, I assume.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. This one I'd probably follow up as well.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, I'm trying to, like, kind of pinpoint, but like, a lot of it's just if they just don't have a job.
jese Smith-shields: But, yeah, don't have a job, and a lot of them are still pretty young. By the feeling of things.
Kyle Musca: I'm pretty sure that automation has improved in terms of the percentage. Yeah, has. Sure, it was like 60, 40. Yeah. So it's, you know, clearly starting to pull in the direction that we want. And then I reckon like, you know, if we can get to a point where, you know, this is pretty minimal, then we swap it to, you know, what's your current job situation, working full-time, not working, et cetera, et cetera. Yeah. And then we start focusing on that. But yeah, wouldn't really, I would, I wouldn't  that, like all the numbers and stats.
jese Smith-shields: No, it was fine.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, perfect. Any questions on any of that stuff at all?
jese Smith-shields: No, that's pretty good.
Kyle Musca: How is the magic hat going for you?
jese Smith-shields: That was one that I did a couple of weeks ago and actually  up the message. I  up the message. So it was a lot of . It was a lot of online. I'm bad on my end, but I'll probably run it for another week or two, a week and a half maybe, and then I'll get her to redo it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Yeah, cool. Do you have a low-ticket thing at all?
jese Smith-shields: Like a low-ticket offer? Yeah, we have an app access.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Because I changed mine to be this, which you can have as well. Have I sent you my magic hat script? No, I haven't. Oh, yeah, cool.
jese Smith-shields: Because I updated this the other day.
Kyle Musca: Pretty similar to yours. Like every month I do a random giveaway. Must be a lucky day. want a five-year-old coaching voucher. And then if they've already been pre-qualified in the conversation, so they've said that they've got a job, it's decent, it's just like, sweet, let's just book in a call. No point in re-engaging a conversation. If not, then it quickly just asks. Ask them these three questions, which, you know, just to ask this, like, last one, are you currently working? it worth even chatting in the first place? If qualified, booked in a call, but if not qualified, then it's like, cool, this is my, you know, weight loss program, whatever you want to call it. Usually it'd come out to be, like, $728 for 12 weeks, but, like, you know, because you've, because with the voucher applied, $500 brings it down to $19 a week. And then it's just, like, you need to sign up, like, today, otherwise I have to give it to someone else. Yeah, okay. So just to try and, like, pick up on someone.
jese Smith-shields: You might even, um... Send them to a low, uh, younger age as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because you could go through... Is there a tag on it? Unqualified. Yeah. You could, yeah, you could filter by unqualified. Um, and go through all those goals and just do the magic hat.
jese Smith-shields: For them, but just purely for low ticket. Yeah, and just try and push them into like the app access.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because if you're like  10 people paying you 20 bucks a week, that's just an easy  200 bucks a week, just reoccurring them, no hassle at all. And then what I, it's a shame we can't do it with your mini chat because we'll add too much friction, but like what I do is like with the working full-time, it's like a cool booking call. If they're like a student, apprentice, or working part-time, I mean part-time you might want to still book, but like for me it's student-apprentice, if they're that, it's just like try and sell low ticket, don't even book a call.
jese Smith-shields: Don't like it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's just like, because then if you can get that to accumulate over time, I've only run it after like a week, I think I've got like four sign-ups from the last week or something like that.
jese Smith-shields: So it's like, just like builds over time.
Kyle Musca: And especially if Kiana's account and everything like that, I feel like they'd be  keen to get app access. And then it's also one of those things that it's like, so like, you know, low cost. That if people don't end up using and stuff, they just don't, like, if you get to cancel, you can start a client on for, like, three years. Yeah.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, we've had a fair few people do, like, app access, and they've been around for  ages.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just because it's not, like, something you even think about. Until one day you check in your bank statement, you're like, , like, who's this?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I would do that, yeah. So if you do the magic hat for all qualified, obviously, books and call, I'll send you this, actually, before I forget. And then, yeah, I would definitely get Climator to go through all those unqualified leads and try and get them onto the app access.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, easy.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Anything you're particularly having issues with at the moment?
jese Smith-shields: No. Um, I've had, I've had a few people recently, they buy the purchase and then before I can even get them into the app, they're trying to cancel and re-get their money back. Obviously there's buyer's regret and obviously there's ways to try and dole that down. But like, what have you experienced in the past?
Kyle Musca: Like, what have you done to sort of implement that? Yeah. So yeah, buyer's regret. Um, one comes down to like having a really strong onboarding process. Um, so that's a different, like, obviously if they're like just signing up and then five minutes later, you're receiving a message type thing. I would, um, what I like to do is at the end of the call after the, you know, you've gotten them signed up and everything like that, you've got them to pay. It's just be like, well, you know, really, really keen to like rip into things. Now I want to make sure you're feeling absolutely confident in whatever, like in, in the decision you've made today was anything that was. Making you feel like a little bit uneasy, anything that you wanted to like, you know, clear up at all while still in the phone. So you're just giving them that like little bit of leeway to express themselves essentially.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. So they don't sort of dwell and think about that in a sense.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You could always add in like, are these people usually like kind of, know, that they're on the fence type thing?
jese Smith-shields: Nah. Like some of them have been so easy to sell. So I didn't even have to downsell them. They just bought the first package that I put across to them. And then as soon as I get out of the call and I go to send them like the onboarding message, they're telling me pretty much they can't afford it. So then I try and downsell them in the message, but by that time it's, they're already gone.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. would try and get them back on a call straight away.
jese Smith-shields: Um, cause they already, they've already agreed to sign.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, if you can get them back on the call and it's like, look, we can do this option. Um, yada, yada. Do you ask that?
jese Smith-shields: I want to make sure you're feeling confident. Nah. I haven't as well gone down that route.
Kyle Musca: I would ask that because like if they're not, you know, obviously if they go away and they quickly look at their finances and I don't have enough money for this, it's like, well, they're not confident. The other thing you could do is kind of like an identity kind of perception, essentially. It's like people like to identify with how people perceive them. You I mean, if I say, you know, you're a really trustworthy, like loyal guy, and I know you are that, you're going to try and be as trustworthy and loyal as possible, you know, because you don't want to like break that character that I believe in you as. Yeah. So you could always do something like, you know, one, I'm really keen to rip in. And I just want to say like, I'm really proud of you for actually making this decision because, you it's very easy to stay comfortable. But it's, it does require a bit of, you know, courage to really take that next step. And, you know, I can see that you're ready for this change and I know that you're going to get this change.
jese Smith-shields: I'm really keen to see what we can do together. Yeah, I've kind of put that into my onboarding message now that I send them pretty much straight after I get off the call. But I can probably put that into words on the call too, just to try and prevent it as much as possible as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I would probably do like, I want to make sure you're feeling confident. Question first. Like, yes, no, all good. Super clear. Like, awesome. It was great chatting to you. And I just want to say before we wrap things up, I'm super proud of you. And I would say, like, you know, people, it's easy to, I wouldn't say most people stay comfortable because, like, there's also a psychological, like, trait where you can kind of say, like, if most people do this, then that's, like, what people inherently fall back on.
jese Smith-shields: Like, they want to do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Kind of avoid saying that. But, like, it's a lot easier to stay, you know, comfortable, even though you're not happy with where you're at, whatever you decide to word it. But I want to say I'm really proud of you for, you know, having the courage to actually take that step. And I know we're going to do some great things together.
jese Smith-shields: I'm really keen to see what we can do. Yeah, you can't prevent that before you even get off the call. Yeah, I get what you're saying.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because if you do that and you do that, it's like they'd be a bit of a  weirdo to then come back and like, oh, no, I want cancel.
jese Smith-shields: And like before you can get them on an onboarding and everything.
Kyle Musca: And then what is your onboarding process?
jese Smith-shields: I'll send you, I sent it across just like I sent it.
Kyle Musca: And have you made much work with the challenge stuff?
jese Smith-shields: I've pretty much got, I just need to film all the ads and I'm trying to find out all like the finer details of how it's all actually going to work. But I'm still working that all out at the moment.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the other thing as well is we could do something for Black Friday if that's something you want to do.
jese Smith-shields: Nah, probably not. I don't really like advertising for like massive discounts. I did one last year for Black Friday, and then I had heaps of current clients ask if they could get it as well. So I'd probably just stay away from that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, no, I never offer a discount type thing. It's like a bonus. Because what I was going to do is do the Black Friday thing where you get an extra month free.
jese Smith-shields: Oh, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, so you get an extra month free. So that, and the way I was going to frame it is like that will carry you through December. And then you could even double up, like between you and me, I haven't launched yet, but I'm going to actually run a challenge in December. So if you sign up now, I'll carry you through December. You'll be a part of that challenge. At the end of that challenge, the winner gets a trip to Bali.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah, let me have a think about that one. Because I'll probably try and put all my eggs in that challenge basket and try and push everything towards that to try and cover. Much of the cost as possible, I'm assuming.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then the other cool thing about that is you could do it to your internal clients as well. Be like, hey, I'm running a Black Friday sale to new clients.
jese Smith-shields: I thought it was only fair at all for it to be too as well.
Kyle Musca: If you sign for another three months, I'll actually give you a month free and you'll go into the internal challenge we're going to run automatically.
jese Smith-shields: True. True. I like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because then it's like you're already offering it to them.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Because I've been, I've booked out, , I've booked out heaps of calls over the next coming days with my currents out of contract and the ones I haven't signed on further. So I'll probably just use that and try and get them in to sign into like the six or eight month. And then that can place them into that. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I like that one. And you could do like, you if sign up for six months, I'll give you two. But if you're going to do that, then I would just like not, you know, because usually it's 2K for three and then three and a half. For six, I would just say it's 2K for three. It's four for six, but I'll give you two months free.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I like that. I'm probably going to use that one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Whether you market or not, it'll be up to you.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah. No, that's fair. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If you think of it, and then if you want to do it, we may even do just like a really strong end of November push, and we just push urgency massively. Like even if we do it from like the 20th or 30th or whatever, for this week only, if you join, I'll give you a whole month free.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, and I'll probably just stay away from it, I And I'll just use it internally, I think, and try and get as many clients to sign on longer over the Christmas break. And then just put all my eggs and basket of that challenge, because I'm shooting with Vaughn Friday, Friday morning.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. And then what we'll do in the coming weeks as well is we'll have to form like film final day ads and stuff. So it's like last week left, final three days,  final day.
jese Smith-shields: Last 24 hours, like all that .
Kyle Musca: Just to make sure it's ready and prepped and everything like that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, I might even book in another shooting day with him next week as well and just film them and have them all ready to go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they're pretty easy. I would also get Keanu just to do some like holding the phone, just like normal organic looking ones. Yeah, okay. And just, yeah, we can just even put them on a story type thing.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, no, that's sweet.
Kyle Musca: We can do that. Yeah, love you, man. Sickbro, well, yeah, things are chipping away nicely. Yeah. Nice cash, like nice in terms of revenue week with like a lot of reoccurring revenue, which is really good, especially heading into this period, to be honest.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, my reoccurring is pretty high at the moment, actually. I think the average is like 17K at the moment.
Kyle Musca: A week?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, .
jese Smith-shields: That's so bad.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You put on the form 13, was that cash collected or...
jese Smith-shields: And Angela did that one. And And So what'd she put down?
Kyle Musca: I think she put 13. 13, yeah.
jese Smith-shields: No, I'm looking at my average weekly sales in Newey's 17k and 17 cents.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, it's 13.008 cents somehow. Oh, maybe, yeah, I don't know what that is, but 13, oh, $13,008.
jese Smith-shields: Okay, I might have to chat to her about it then.
Kyle Musca: Who's that, it APA or?
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay, not going to lie, they didn't do much of the check-in form. Yeah. They did, like, calls taken, calls booked and close rate and the revenue.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, was on calls pretty much all off and didn't have time to fill it out.
Kyle Musca: No, that's all good. The CEO dashboard tells us all that stuff, so we looked at it. It's fine. But otherwise, man, things are going well, so if we can just keep  doubling down on...
jese Smith-shields: What's working?
Kyle Musca: Just  keep early.
jese Smith-shields: 100%. 100%. I'm all good, brother.
Kyle Musca: Sick, man. All right, well, yeah, let me know how you go with that internal Black Friday thing as well.
jese Smith-shields: be keen to hear. Yeah, that's easy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you need anything from me, just let me know. If you see anything in the messages or anything as well, just let me know there.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. Yeah. I'll probably just go over them again. I mean, been trying to stay out of them as much as possible and trying to work more inside the business instead of doing all those messages and stuff because it's been driving me insane.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. No, I understand. But it is good to just, like, set a little bit of time each week just to, like, quickly review them. Yeah. Or even just, like, if you're just there, just, you know, quickly click into them. It you happy. If you need a screenshot of anything and send it to setters, just do that.
jese Smith-shields: Yeah, okay. But, yeah, I wouldn't spend too much time on that. I don't like it. Easy, Bill.
Kyle Musca: See you, man. All right, enjoy the rest of the week.
jese Smith-shields: I'll chat to you very soon. You too.
Kyle Musca: I'll chat to you. All right, bye.


>>> 241/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-06T04:53:10Z | id:99588090
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: There we go. Go. This meeting is being recorded. So something like, oh, I've given this. You know what you could do is like a little bit of a caption here, like chuck into ChatGPT. Here's my three best chess training rules. Like chess training, whatever you say. And then you could say DME, you know, Hinze again for one-to-one coaching. But we could run this as an ad, you know what mean? And just try it out.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. Would it be with some sort of captions coming up over the video or would you just keep the caption purely in the live thing?
Kyle Musca: Well, what you could do is you could have something that starts like that. Yeah. And then it kind of like, yeah, and then it goes to like a cut of a new one where it's like of you training. And then it's like, you know, maybe you're just doing like  a machine chest press or something like that. I'm like, opt for, opt for machines over dumbbells. Again, just off the top of my head, whatever you want to say. So one, two, three. And then DME, if you want to maximize your results, DME chest, again, off the top of my head.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. And is it just being organic post as well?
Kyle Musca: Or would this be one that trial for an hour? You could definitely double it up as an organic, but we would just run it straight as an hour, I reckon.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yeah, I'm going to edit that up.
Kyle Musca: Just stuff like that, you what mean?
Callum Hinze: It doesn't have to be anything crazy. Well, I've never really ran many, like, organic-y style videos as ads from memory. Hey, it's always just been the actual scripted ones, I see.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. But if you can get, like, these ones working and it hits the right target audience and stuff, like, you'd probably get a decent amount of people through. Again, we'd have to test it, but, like, you're just doing this kind of content. And, you know, it clearly resonates. Like, that got pushed in the algorithm pretty hard. you know, similar to this, like... If you're tired of having skinny arms, then try out my full shoulder M-delta. I thought it was off with a... This already, I could see being a good ad. Smith Machine shoulder press, hitting the delt heavy to cap off the day. Then into a trifex extension. Maybe with a bit better work here, though, but... Two sets taken to failure. Next, into a face-away cable curl, focusing on stretching that bifect behind the body. A single-arm preacher curl comes up next. And then into a reverse preview curl, even to provide a juicy contraction at the top half of the... Then a high cable curl to finish off the biceps. finally, we come back into some more delt work, side lateral raises, take Nathalia, and then can't forget your rear delt fly. Give this one a crack. Watch your arms grow. Be like, um...
Callum Hinze: Just add a CTA to the back.
Kyle Musca: Just add a CTA to it, yeah. Um, but like, you know, because realistically, people are following you for really coaching or to follow your bodybuilding, you know, journey. Yeah, yeah. So like, for you to throw on a CTA on your organic post, like, I don't really see that as  people off. People know that you're a coach, you know what mean? It's like, it's different, like, if you're an influencer and you're just trying to, like, flog some . But, you know, like, if you, you know, if you want to be trained by an IFB pro, um, or if you want, you know, if you want to implement the pro level strategies I use, DME, you know. Again, whatever, DME Arms, and et cetera, et cetera. Keep creative with it, but you know what saying?
Callum Hinze: Just write that down so I don't forget.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because then we could, again, just run that straight as an ad.
Callum Hinze: All right, so I might edit it up by hand, Louise, and then just send those through them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just bang that. The other thing I was, and the reason I'll show you this for a second. See, again, 60K, if you want that Cobra shape, start here. And again, like, when you do stuff like this, I would definitely, definitely add it. One, definitely add it as, like, a CTA at the bottom of the text. But what I would also do is, like, when you go to post, you'll see that you've got, like, the prompt and the poll stuff.
Callum Hinze: Right? Have you seen that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so if you, I think we were speaking about this, but if you add the prompt, if you click prompt, it would chuck the caption at the top of the comments section. So when people open the comments, they'll... See, it just makes it stand out a lot more. So like, you know, and then if you say DM me for one-to-one coaching, then fantastic. Something like this would be perfect, I reckon, to run as an ad.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yeah, well, I'll go through and edit some of these up and just add a single CTA to it. Yeah, 100%. Should I add the CTA to just like just font to come over the video or should it be like a voiceover?
Kyle Musca: No, reckon try both. know, we'll try a voiceover one, like one we watched just then, we'll try something like this.
Callum Hinze: All right.
Kyle Musca: Yep. And then your CTA at the end. Maybe even, you know, again, not in my very creative mood at the moment, but like maybe then again, another video of your physique. Like, want to train like a pro, DM me. pro, DM me. Like, Like, Like, You know, yeah, DM me something.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because then we're coming from the angle of guys that are more serious about training and want to take it to that next level, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: DM Coach. Because you're getting  mad views.
Callum Hinze: Well, even if, like, because they're not, like, direct, direct, like, scripted ads. Do you reckon that even just sort of increased just following to my account and then, obviously, the organic ads would follow up there?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, that definitely could happen as well. I think scripted ads is pretty much going to increase my following, but these probably may. Yeah, well, if we go to ads library, I was doing this before, and then you even type in, like, stuff like... For example... example... You'll... See that there are a lot of these, like, just  weirdly  ads in there. Not  ads, but, you know, you wouldn't kind of think of it as like, oh, because they clearly work to some degree. lost 15 pounds of two pant sizes in three weeks just by walking. Everyone says you need to walk 10,000 steps a day, but I'm tired of hearing that because everybody is different. I took walking yoga quiz that calculated exactly how much... This isn't just another weight loss match. It's science. Simplified. The LBM, LBM, 9DDK, Teres of... I don't spend too much time on this, but... I much I I don't too I don't know, in my average home, but why do I always feel like I'm into the twirling song, and I always feel like I'm so glad it's watching me, I love them. It can be something as simple as that, like, this was kind of far down, launched in November, because that was a recent launch, but like, if we go back to, , there's a lot of them. It does make sense, a lot of people were announced, to be fair. Yeah, so launched in, you know, September and October here. I walked for two months. I'll look back in November, , man. Yeah, well, yeah, we get the point, but, yeah, so just trying simple stuff like that, I reckon.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I'll edit some of that, that's easy.
Kyle Musca: Because, again, just volume and creatives, and it doesn't always have to be a super high-quality production ad. Yeah. Even the krausas you do, man, like the carousels you do. Yeah, yeah.
Callum Hinze: I saw one the other day.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How to reverse diet without getting fat, 100%. How to get shredded without losing muscle.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, going through different  posts. Yeah, so I would even, even something like this, but just how to get shredded without losing muscle. And then on the inside, want to train like a pro, whatever, DME X.
Callum Hinze: So if I, if we want to run these ads as well, should I just chuck the carousel postings in just the photos in a separate folder and swing that?
Kyle Musca: You wouldn't even need to. If you post it on your feed like this, I can literally just go into this. Oh, actually the music might  us up, but we'll see. Um, but I should be able to just go in and like select this post and just run it straight as an ad.
Callum Hinze: All right. Yeah. mean. Just to see how they go. That'd be interesting because we've never really pushed this sort of stuff as, yeah, ads, hey.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I reckon go hard with that. The other cool thing we could try, and maybe we even split test this, right? Actually, a really good idea, we should definitely split test this, is when you do that in CTA, do one that's for a direct coaching offer, and then do one for the e-book. You know what Then, obviously, ideally, the e-book would be a lot lower cost per call, sorry, cost per result. But if we can then manage the CEO dashboard, have it separated so it's clear where they come from, then we can also see what is the actual cost per call off the back end of that. Do you do the CEO dashboard, by the way?
Callum Hinze: No.
Kyle Musca: That would be handy for that situation. Cool.
Callum Hinze: Does that all make sense so far? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because you're already doing, like, the volume there. If we just add CTAs to that, we can just  throw them up.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Easy. The other thing I thought would really suit you best, because I was just, like, looking around different types of, like, ads and stuff that are people running. You've probably seen Ryan Bernadette.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: He does very well off ads. I wouldn't say very well, but definitely  works. And then, again, it's always, when you, if you ever do this other way to an ads library, it's always good to scroll down. Because, like, if he's been running this since June 2025, oh, wait, this was a follow-up one. But even, even so, July 2025. Yeah. He wouldn't keep it on if it wasn't performing.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That's what I was like, do you have any videos of you just doing curls or something?
Callum Hinze: You know, can we just do something like this? I went and actually grabbed a bunch, I made a folder, a bunch of those sort videos to use this sort of stuff for.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick.
Callum Hinze: That's so simple.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but it's the same as I'm looking for 12 guys looking to  shred 10 kilos of fat, same as graphics we do.
Callum Hinze: But this just looks a little bit like, obviously, the wording, it doesn't look as organic, but it does stand out a little bit more. Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, I wonder if we could get there. Do you have Ron or Mehdi or anything like that?
Callum Hinze: Do I have what, sorry?
Kyle Musca: I have Ron or Mehdi, the video editor?
Callum Hinze: Yeah, Mehdi I've been working with still.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. I mean, you might even want to send them like , you know, 10 different versions of that. Just... They, like, yeah, again, given the writing, I'm sure he'd do it for, like, two bucks per pop or something, five bucks per pop.
Callum Hinze: What was the audio on that? The audio?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. And I'll, what I'll do, we'll download this for you.
Callum Hinze: Send it through to him as inspiration.
Kyle Musca: I'll send it to you, just so we're... Okay, cool. Okay. Ah, . Delance. Yeah, sick. Yeah. Perfect. Cool. Come on, is that all making sense?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: right. right. All All All you. Yeah. Beautiful. Now, a couple of things I wanted to talk about. That's everything there. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. So the other things I wanted to chat about were, one, whether or not you want to run a Black Friday or Frodo, and then what that would look like. And then also, we're doing the challenge through December, hey? Yeah. So I reckon what we could also look at doing is running an internal challenge. So like, this is where a lot of people usually tend to drop off, is like over that Christmas period, they get  fat and lazy. I mean, you might actually be pretty right, because I assume a lot of your clients are pretty, I guess, driven. But even still, what you could do, especially if running a Black Friday offer, is basically saying that your current members, if they agree to stick around for an extra three months, So through to March, they can actually go into the challenge, you know, winnings and everything like that. But they obviously have to agree. And only do this to clients that are going to be ending before the end of January. So you'd have to, you know, if you get your VA to go through that and like find out who signed up when and when their program technically ends, their contract duration, and then offer it to them. So like I'm running a Black Friday offer. I thought it was only fair that I'd offer it to you as well. If you want to, you know, partake in that, it's going to start January and it's going to take us through to March, essentially.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. And then would it be any extra, they don't have any extra fees, legit just sign up to launch?
Kyle Musca: No, so that's, yeah, so that's the, that's the, it's, you have to be careful about how you word this. But essentially you would say like you, all you have to do is just, you know, continue on through to March and you automatically apply into that challenge.
Callum Hinze: You automatically gain access into the challenge. And then you just, yeah, word it in a way that prompts them to be like, sign up and pay. For your next three months now, lock it in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, mean, they can just consider, what I would do, I would prefer them to stay on the reoccurring revenue. I mean, if they want to pay more upfront, they can. But then I would just create like a, do you have a job form contract or any kind of contract at all?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I just use the TNCs on MIUI.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that was another thing I've recently added and it's been pretty  sick so far, is this client agreement form. Which I'm going to send to you.
Callum Hinze: Do you use job form?
Kyle Musca: Only for just inquiries, but I can definitely use Yeah, so you can literally, like I can send you the link to this and you can like literally just copy it straight into your account. It's kind of messed up actually, but it makes it a lot easier to do. And then you just rebrand a bit. But so when a client now signs up, I send them this, which is basically just, I call it an accountability form. But basically it gets all their details. All Gets them to agree to the package and duration that they're agreeing to, and then they get to sign up, right? Looks all good, but then you've actually got the terms and conditions just all attached here. So really nice, and I guess it's not hidden, but it's not like a very confronting, scary thing, you know what mean? And then I would just duplicate this for the challenge. That's like, do you want to agree to that? I wouldn't say that, but do you want to join that? Like, yeah,  yeah, man, so good. And then I would just have a form here that basically says that, you they're agreeing to stick around to the end of March. If they want to cancel earlier, it's, you maybe a cancellation fee or they have to pay 50% of it or whatever.
Callum Hinze: And you, regardless if we're doing this offer or if it's just a normal client, you'll get them to sign this thing when they first sign up, regardless?
Kyle Musca: Yes. If they go on it, because if we're doing the challenge, then it's like, you know, it's two grand for three months. Yeah. Break it down. You have to sign this accountability form. Now, you could just have this form that they sign and then just create one for, you know, actual members that are reoccurring. Because if they sign this, then it's the same thing. And then, you know, for that, you might want to offer like package program and then program duration. Maybe you can duplicate this for the challenge and you just say like New Year's 2026 challenge or something like that. Like you just change that one specific area. And then you'd probably also have to add it into the contract. Because in the contract, I have it here. It's like literally the package price and stuff. So they're signing exactly that. So you just add in like 2026 New Year's challenge, three months, $2,000.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: That's what you do. But that would be all very simple and easy to do. Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I'll send this to you as well. Awesome. Yeah, I send that on the onboarding, my onboarding message.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay. I do have a smaller one that I use, but it's a bit more simplified, so I use the Google one, Google Forms.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, this one's like, one, it's again, like, what's your main fitness goal, mental goal, what promises are going to make to yourself, you know, yada, yada, yada. And then it actually gets them to sign, which, you is an actual, like, proper signature. When you come and, like, look at the inbox for it. Yep. Like, you can actually see them sign PDF document.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: With the trail and everything. And then it's also got their address, which is, like, if you did want to get tech collectors on there, you know, get some more information to chase them up with. Which is cool. But anyway, sick. So that's the challenge side of things. Now, with the internal side of things, what I've been, what I think is a really good idea is like a point system, where obviously, you know, adherence and stuff, and you do this for internal and external, like new signees, but predominantly the internal, because I would probably separate it, because then people might get pissed off of like, oh, if he's been on the program for three months, and I've only been on for, you know, already, and I'm only just joining now, that's not fair. It's like maybe separate winners, like external challenge members of their own category. Internal is a different category, but it's the same challenge. But I have, either way, I would have a point system where, you know, they get points for checking in, doing all the stuff of adherence, but then like heavily center it around like marketing for you and your business. So I was like, if you post on the story and tag me, it's like 50 points, if you, you know, make a reel. Tag me. It's 100 points. If you get a friend that joins through you, it's 500 points. know what mean? And they all, like, stack up. So by the end of it, you know, whoever has the most points essentially wins.
Callum Hinze: Okay.
Kyle Musca: And then, like, I was thinking, like, how do you do that with the transformation? But maybe if they get the best transformation, it's like 5,000 points. Something massive. it really puts them at, you know, if someone's just grinding and putting in the  work and stuff, then they still have a good chance to win.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Cool. And you said that's a kick-off from 1st of December, hey?
Kyle Musca: So December to? I would go, like, the week after. Or, yeah, the week or two after, because everyone's pretty rusty. No one really gets back in the swing of things. Yeah. Oh, sorry. 1st of December to launch the challenge?
Callum Hinze: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would say probably 1st of 20th.
Callum Hinze: 1st of December?
Kyle Musca: 1st of December to the 20th is a cut-off, I would say, because you're not going to want to take calls and stuff after that.
Callum Hinze: Through that period after. Yeah. And then, actually, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It makes sense. Yep. And then what we could do is like get more content for the 1st of January because if we don't start to the 7th or even the 14th or whatever, then we could just do another really hard, quick push.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. And so you said essentially if they sign up, say, the second week of the first week of December, we're pretty much marketing as though they've got the next couple of weeks free. Yes. But until January starts, as long as they pay up front.
Kyle Musca: They don't have to pay up front.
Callum Hinze: But like they do have to make, start paying. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Well, they have to lay a deposit or something, you know what mean? But you could say to them like, you know, you get the rest of it free. You get this entire month essentially free. But if you want to, you know, one, you have to make a payment now. You have to do X, Y, Z to make sure that you're committed to this. But in saying that, like instead of, you know, doing 2K over three months, if you wanted to make it easier on cash flow and just spread it up at four months, we can do that as well.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, it makes sense. makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Thank Yeah, if we start pushing that, taking calls on that for December, I'll probably be back because I'll probably be doing most of the calls that myself. So that'll be easy to sort of steer that in right direction.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then the big, big, big thing with that is just pushing urgency and scarcity. Like, I'm only, you know, taking on 25 guys this month. I've got another, you know, 15 calls already booked this week. Like, you can go away and think about it because a lot of them are like, I'll go away and think about it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, all that . You can go away and think about it, man. But, like, honestly, I just don't think there's probably going to be any spot slot available. You know, it's really come first, first come, first serve. Then what I would also do is add in, like, different dates of, like, when they get it for free. So it's like if they, you know, call, take a call on the 2nd of December, be like, I'm only, you know, doing the month free for, you know, the end of the week. So, you know, 5th of December, that offer actually gets taken away. So, you know, you can join, but, like, you won't actually get coached.
Callum Hinze: for the rest of the month, unless you pay for it. Okay, yeah, I like that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cut out there. Where did I cut off there?
Callum Hinze: You were just saying the dates of cutoffs.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So basically, I'd say, like, if you have a call in the second. Yeah, this is only available to fifth.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that'll be easy. That'll be easy. Is there anything else I need to do then in lead up to that, just making the ads for that challenge thing really, hey?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, essentially. Now, this is the other thing I wanted to chat to you about. If you wanted to do a Black Friday offer, you can kind of pair them together. So what you could do is like basically the, like for what I'm doing, for example, is if you join in the month of November, I will give you an entire month free is like my front-end advertiser. to just get people in, you know, on calls and . And then on the call, basically saying like, you know, keep this on the download. haven't really told anyone yet, but I'm going to be running a challenge, New Year's challenge starting, you know, January 7th, whenever we decide it. So if you actually join on this Black Friday, you'll get coached all the way through December for free, and you'll automatically go into, you know, that challenge at no extra cost or anything like that. And then, you know, which will give you access to $8,000 worth of prizes. Let's go. And then, you know, whatever.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. What is Black Friday? that like technically the last Friday of November?
Kyle Musca: Is that right? I think it's just like American sales thing.
Callum Hinze: Right through November.
Kyle Musca: It's just known for sales. And we don't want to discount our services, but like, you know, extra month is adding. Yeah. technically a discount, but we don't want to position it that way. Okay.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. may as If that's beneficial, I'll run that as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like that's, cause then it's like, if you, you know, you're on a call and like, man, you get a whole month free, you get access to the news challenge for free, which will get you in the, in the winnings to win $8,000 worth of prizes.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'll definitely run that. That's just something else we'll have to run some ads for, I guess, in direct to that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So what I would do is I would, that's I I I would, would, would, would, would, I would, I Thank I will write some scripts for it for you. So we'll do Black Friday first, get them trying done ASAP because like basically the sooner we get them up, the better. And then straight after that, we need to get on the December challenge.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I've got a week in it a bit until I head off. So I'll try and film those in the next week or so, get them out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. Yeah. Awesome. When would you need the Black Friday ads by?
Callum Hinze: It doesn't really matter. Earlier, the better. What do you think? Do you think probably you start pushing them ASAP?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. As soon as we can get them filmed and stuff and uploaded, I reckon we just get them going.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. I can probably film over the next seven days or so.
Kyle Musca: Also with this, especially if you're having Jake take the calls, I would tell him that they cannot get on that Black Friday offer unless they sign up. Up to, you know, your core or above. You can't just low sell them because otherwise you'd be chewing into profit margins way too much.
Callum Hinze: It wouldn't be worth it for you. Yeah, of course. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, the other thing on that as well is on the calls, you could do like, if you sign up for six months, I'll give you two months free. But instead of saying, you know, it's $3,500 for six months and I'm two grand for three months, I would just do it's $4,000 for six months.
Callum Hinze: But if you join that, you get two months free.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So, because realistically, $500 a month, that's already $3,500.
Callum Hinze: And then you're only giving, granting one month extra on top of that. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Okay. That makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, that's fine. Do you think that's still realistic with having, if Jake's doing calls for the next couple of weeks with travel and stuff, is that still realistic to have him do that as well for the sale?
Kyle Musca: I mean, as long as he actually does it, should be.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I'm thinking, yeah. I might... And just jump on a call and see what sort of vibe I'd get from him if he thinks he's able to. Because I think he doesn't really, I feel like he almost doubts pushing the larger sales, doesn't he?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, I would just say to him, like, you cannot sign someone on that. If you sign someone on that, it's coming, you could either say it's coming out of your pocket, or you're going to have to call them back up and tell them that it's not available for them. We're going to lose them as a client, but you're going to have to call back up and tell them that it's not an option.
Callum Hinze: Okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: And if he did do it, I would literally tell them, call them back up and say it's not an option. Yeah, okay. Yeah, so, yeah, that's the other thing. You just got to be real cautious with him, obviously, taking the sales, but as long as it's very clear, like, you are not , you know, you cannot make a sale, do that unless it's a core or above.
Callum Hinze: Yep, okay, makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Go back. So anything else you want to chat about at all?
Callum Hinze: No, I think that's pretty cool. Yeah, I'll pretty much just go through and edit some of those organic videos up and add a CTA to them then. Yeah. I'm looking at some of the reels that I do that perform the best are like the ones with zero value whatsoever. There's like physique updates or whatever, or videos of me like posing or whatever. Could I even potentially use that as an ad and add a CTA to it without having any actual like educational value? Just say, hey, do you want to look like this or train like this? DM me this. Would that work or is it better to have a bit of that like value?
Kyle Musca: No, we could definitely try it. I'm the same. I've really realized that, hey.
Callum Hinze: There's a video I shared today which has zero like actual value to it. It's just me like physique updates or anything. They always do really well. I'm thinking, could that even be used with a really short CTA to it to get some engagement? Because, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I reckon it's spamming. We'll try it. Yeah. Yeah, and that's the thing, like, you it's good to add value and stuff, it's nice, but, like, the value stuff doesn't get pushed at, like, it's just, people just don't like value. Yeah, I mean, like, all my , I don't do any value in my content anymore, I just , well, sometimes I do, but, like, it's not my main focus at all. And it just gets pushed way, way, way, way harder.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Well, I'll go through and select a bunch of organic videos. If we're going to run them as ads, do you want me to just download them and send them to you to upload onto ads separately with the CTA ad?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just, maybe even just chuck them in a Google, a Google Drive, like a video, video ads, and then, like, organic style. Okay. Something like that.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. And it'll be legit exactly what I've already posted, but with a CTA ad, there's nothing else that really needs to be added to that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then I would just go ham on even adding the CTAs to organic, to be honest, because. Yeah, we'll do that for now.
Callum Hinze: Again, I could just use them for both without having to adjust.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like, whether. Whether it's in the caption or the actual video itself. But I remember when I did a lot of the mic'd up sessions and a lot of the video recording ones, at the end of every single video, I just did  comment. It was only for my low-ticket thing, but it was DME, whatever, one-on-one coaching. I can't remember exactly what it was, but I remember after doing it consistently for a little bit, it started to pick up quite a lot of traction. Just because you're always giving people that reminder of just message me if you want coaching, message me if you want coaching, message me if you want coaching.
Callum Hinze: Okay, and then it's just so much easier to repurpose as it gets to, isn't it, without having to adjust? Yeah. Okay, I've got the fixed-up version of the resource, the free resource e-book. Is that easy enough? Are we just going to like to sort of use that same ManyChat Flow thing that we used for the last e-book and just retitle it?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, we can definitely, um, we can definitely have a look at it. We- Because this is, what I would do, what I was going to do with these lead magnets is, one, just try a few graphics for sure, but also just like, even just you doing some like talking or whatever videos, simple, just maybe even talking to the head kind of ones. And then just saying like, you know, if you want my performance ebook and then like have like a bit of a video overlay showing what it is, down, you know, DM me this, and then like that is the ad, if that makes sense.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Okay. Should I do up some graphics for that ebook as well? Again, like the cover photo of the ebook with DM this for the ebook or leave that?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, you might even want to hit up Lucky and just like send it. Like, man, I want to do this. Give me like five different, you know, creative things showing it off.
Callum Hinze: Okay. And that would just be run as what graphic ads as well, or should I just organically chuck down more stories?
Kyle Musca: A of both? A bit of both, a bit of both. We'll do it as like a, maybe a, like a four, four by five. So Instagram feed post size and we'll run it in the actual feed.
Callum Hinze: Okay. Yep. And just simply tell Lucky, hey, use this cover photo. Let's add a CTA to grab this.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I would kind of, yeah, use this cover photo, but kind of like your challenge, you know, your challenge graphics type thing. Yeah. Kind of something like that.
Callum Hinze: You know, that's what kind of what I'm thinking. Okay. And just say, yeah. All right. And what's, what's the process of getting the, getting that link to the ManyChat thing? Because I'd be able to just copy the one I used for the last ebook, okay, just duplicate that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Once you've got that, we can very quickly, very quickly get that set up. Cool.
Callum Hinze: I'm just going to move through the folder to the new, the actual final ebook as well.
Kyle Musca: And we can run that. And then like, maybe we start the conversation as normal and then be like, like, um... um... By the way, like, I'm running an actual Black Friday offer. If anyone joins in November, gets a month free, would you be interested in sussing that out?
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Simple. Yeah. We can look at all that. My main priority for you right now is I'll get those Black Friday ads done. Yeah. The December challenge one's done. And then, you know, if we can get the lead magnet up and running them, fantastic. But I don't want that to stall that other stuff.
Callum Hinze: Yeah. Cool, cool, cool. All right. Easy.
Kyle Musca: Perfect, man. Anything else you want to chat about at all?
Callum Hinze: No, I think. I was going to ask as well, not like urgently, but down the track, I was thinking of probably like in the new year, maybe once the challenge is over or end of the challenge or whatever, taking on another coach almost as like a backup. Someone who can, because I've got a guy in mind who doesn't need to be filled up, but has just some free time on his hands amongst another job. So pretty much. much. So Do what Liam's doing, but just as like a third guy, if for any reason Liam becomes more ambitious in time, we've got like a backup. Would that be a smart one?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, if Liam's filled up and the guy doesn't need, you know, he's not desperate for work, then yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, he's a guy who manages a sub shop, so it's not like he needs it and he doesn't need to be filled up straight away. But it'd be almost nice to have someone else just take on a few more clients. And then if Liam's almost booked up, just have a bit of an overflow onto him without having to urgently push him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you could do that if you absolutely wanted to, as like a little bit of safety guard.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, absolutely. I don't think I do it until the new year, but I just had a chat with, he's actually a client of mine, but he's switched on enough that I think he did a good job.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, I'll have a deeper chat later. I just wanted to double check that you'd recommend that before I like confirm it with him.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, it's definitely an option. much. So, Eddie, you know, I wouldn't, again, I wouldn't do it this end of the year because you're not likely to see a huge influx of clients unless we do, you really well with this challenge for Black Friday. It's definitely possible. But, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Liam's filled up and stuff and, yeah, I mean, he might as well. And the biggest thing, I guess, is he just doesn't need the work because, like, the last thing you want is a second coach who is relying on you for income and you're like, , man, I don't have enough clients.
Callum Hinze: That's why I thought it was nice because there's nothing really to lose. Like, he can be, like, a bit of overflow. He can probably work with more of the gen pop guys with Liam having a better knowledge to work with some more of the advanced ones.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Callum Hinze: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Okay, cool. I won't put that together.
Kyle Musca: Anything else you want to chat about at all?
Callum Hinze: Nah, I think we're pretty good. I think we're good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Second up. Cool, bro. We'll get all that stuff up and running. Try and get those ads filmed. new ads should hopefully carry us through. So, until we do get... them up. We'll probably just run them alongside them as well if they're performing well, and then go from there.
Callum Hinze: All right. Beautiful. Beautiful. Thank you again for that.
Kyle Musca: No worries, man. All right, bro. Enjoy the rest of the day. I'll chat to you very soon. All right. You too. Thanks again. Cheers, man. See ya. Bye.


>>> 242/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-06T07:01:06Z | id:99593865
People: Kyle Musca

Arrans: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey, bro. How you going?
Arrans: Hey, brother. How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good.
Arrans: How's China treating you? Yeah, good, man. Good. It's been quite wild. head back home tomorrow, so it'll be good.
Kyle Musca: Nice, man.
Arrans: How are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, man. I've been settling back into Oz. Still  feeling the jet lag. But we're getting there.
Arrans: Are you back for a while now, are you?
Kyle Musca: Just till December, and then I'll head off again.
Arrans: Yo, yo.
Kyle Musca: Cool, man. Did you get the check-in form, by the way?
Arrans: Nah, I didn't see that come through, actually. I'm going to have a look. I updated my phone, so I don't know if that messed up me. I never got it, man.
Kyle Musca: Have you added me back as a contact? Because it's got one tick on it, which means it wasn't delivered.
Arrans: On WhatsApp?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah.
Arrans: So if click on my name, my name probably comes up anyway, but if you click up at the top and then just say, like, add as contact or create a new contact, I think it is. Oh, yeah. Here we go. Create new contact. Oh. Sync contact. Yeah, now you're in my contacts, man.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay, so that will come through. Cool, man. Well, how has things been since you've, you know, been over there?
Arrans: Have you been able to get much done and you've sort of just been coasting a bit? Yeah, so I managed to sign two clients while I was over here. So I got two new lads on, which was good. I've had, I've had four sale calls. Two of them I couldn't close, partially because like, man, halfway through the call, it was  glitching in and out. So it was just hard to get that flow going, you know, and it was like dropping in and out. You just couldn't really tap into them. So I didn't get them, which is a little. A bit of an annoying, but still managed to close too. As in the revenue, but it was lower than the last three weeks simply because these lads were just straight up wanting to pay weekly, whereas all the others I signed were paid in full monthly. So I was getting like $400. You know, so, but as in client-wise, we went up and then I lost two of my clients that were on like $45 a week anyway. So that wasn't actually too bad because it just gave me more free time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay.
Arrans: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. No, that's not serious, man. The laggy calls and stuff I've been there is  pay in the arse.
Arrans: Yeah, man.
Kyle Musca: Hopefully it should be all sweet when you're back. I mean, two clients on recurring revenue is like not bad at all, man, because, you know, if you do a good job and they're happy with you, they'll probably end up sticking around for a lot longer than three months and you just keep building that recurring. So I wouldn't take it, like, just because you don't see massive figures on, you know, the weekly income, like, I wouldn't get too disheartened about it. It's still the same sale, really, at the end of the day. Colbert, is there anything specific that you want to cover, anything that you're, you know, struggling with at all?
Arrans: As in, actually, really, man, like, just as in the content, I think I'm slowly getting a bit better at it. I'm sure you may have seen some of the videos I've been posting. I've been doing the, a lot of the reaction ones, which is, seems, the reach has gone better than normal, which is good. You know, again, like, up that three, three and a half, four thousand, which is better than what I was beforehand. So I'm just trying to really build on that momentum. As in, you know, just, like, planning forward in that, you think we just keep pushing and just keep trying to grow the following. And I have a heap of content and I just wanted to get your. I've got a heap of content from this trip, but I haven't been posting anything really on my stories because I'm like, I don't want to, I don't want people to look at me and can't be like, oh, look at this kind of like traveling. And then, you know, how people are, if they see you're doing good, they don't want to pay you money, you know? So that's where my head was at.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I've got the same thought process, to be honest, but I don't think, I think it's the opposite, to be honest with you. Like, if people, because people really, like, they buy into lifestyles and everything like that, right? And then what I would do is I would just pair it up with, like, when you're traveling, you show the sick content, show what you're doing, which is sick. And then one, they can kind of, like, I guess, idolize you a bit, right? This guy's  made it. He's obviously good because he's been able to do all this , right? But then, like, pair that up with, like, putting on your stories, you know, if you're working late at night, if you're working early in the morning, you know,  just you and your laptop. But then, you know, sick to think I can work anywhere in the world  helping dudes do what they, you know, helping dudes get in the best shape of their life. You know what mean? So a pair of between like, yes, I'm out here doing this cool , but I'm also, you know, working despite that, which is, you know, like if you can show that you work hard, whether you're at home or whether you're out here, you know, in China, don't know what . People are going to see that and be like, wow, this guy's always working.
Arrans: Yeah. Yeah, okay. No, definitely get you there.
Kyle Musca: Because like Adam, Adam Sullivan's a good example of this, man. Like that guy just , everyone knows he's got a lot of money, doesn't, on the public space, doesn't look like it works much. But people flock to him because they are drawn in by that lifestyle, you know what mean?
Arrans: Yeah, that's very true. Yeah, because I was just like, , I don't want people to, you know, get turned off from it. But I've been taking heaps of videos of, you know, like yesterday I was doing check-ins on the  rooftop. So I'd be able to post  like that, that I'm like, oh, you know, I'm still working around what I'm doing here. So people will know that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, 100%. And figure a way to tie that stuff into, you know, generating leads, man. Like , you know, like, you know, while you're traveling, a great one would be like how I'm staying on track while traveling. You I mean, how I'm, you know, not blowing out. Like Sage did this when he was in Dubai and everything like that. It wasn't like super high quality content by any means. But it was, you know, just real, you know, genuine content that people can relate to. Plus two, if you can show, again, more of your lifestyle, more of who you are, that is going to build the connection with people much better than just , you know, only ever doing coaching.
Arrans: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so I can show that stuff for sure.
Arrans: Yeah, okay. Yeah, sweet. I'll definitely will start doing that. I am. I also, while I was over here. Yeah, I was, I actually seen one of your stories and I kind of like got your three-tap story and I was like, oh, right, I'll rewrite something like that and I did that and then did like a free coaching call and I just said, you know, , if you just want to, like we were talking about, do a free run over and I've got three of them to do when I get back in Oz because I'm like, I'm not , I'm not doing that while it's lagging out again. Yeah, so, no, that's good. I'll give that a crack.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. And I think, yeah, because the content is like one thing, that's to get eyes on your account, but the CTA, the story stuff is like to actually get them to convert, right? Or like you can't do it in the feeds as well. But have you been doing the sort of Monday CTA, the Tuesday questioning thing?
Arrans: Yeah, so I got it in my notion now and like while I was over here too, it was just more what I can get done in the... So I'm like, okay, can I get this done? Oh, yeah, sweet, bang one up. But I was definitely getting something up a day. I did also the sticker tap one. So the sticker tap one went pretty good. I've got quite a few on there. So I'm just sending them messages. Some people didn't reply, but I've got some, like, the conversation is still going. And then I've got one lad, actually, who, like you said, you kind of tap into what their struggle is. And then he ended up saying, oh, it's consistency. And I was like, oh, right, I mean. And, like, have you ever considered having somebody to push you along, keep you consistent? And he's like, oh, I haven't really thought about it. So now I'm still in that middle of the conversation, but I'm going to try and get him on a call and get him, like, you know. Then I'll be able to sell him on the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the best angle there is just be like, you always give them an out. Because, like, as soon as they feel like there's any ounce of pressure, they're just going to be like, nah, flaky. Just be like, yeah, man. I mean, like, it's, you know, it's not for everyone. So, again, there's. Yeah, it's not for everyone, but like a lot of my clients sort of struggle with consistency at the start, and they just, you know, once we made things nice and simple and had the structure for it, that was the thing that kind of allowed them to, you know, take massive strides in the right direction. So if you want more than happy to jump on a call just to see if it's something that you even want to do, and if not, no, I'm done.
Arrans: Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's super low pressure there.
Arrans: Yeah, like, so you don't ever want to, like, corner them. You want to let them feel like it's an option.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. You're just like, man, you know, I'm not here to try and  sell it. Any good rule of thumb is anytime you feel awkward about saying something, like, you know, you're not sure how to bridge the gap, and it feels a bit pressure, just give them an out. I mean, yeah, it's not for everyone, man, but I know, like, and then, you know, bring it back in. I I know, you know, my clients struggled, a lot of my clients struggled with consistency at the start as well. And X, Y, Z. And then, again, when you're about to propose the call, give them another out, you know. I'm happy to jump on a quick call with you just to run through to see if it's even, you know, going to be something that is going to suit you, man.
Arrans: And if not, no harm done. Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I can definitely do that. To be honest.
Arrans: Just so you can hear the actual tone that you're saying from. Yeah, I started doing that when you said, like, I normally do the first couple messages and then I'll chuck in a voice message so they know it's me, not just someone else or a bot doing it. Yeah, 100%.
Kyle Musca: You could also, again, get creative with these CTAs and stuff. Like, you don't have to do them so, I guess, direct and, like, basic. You can do, you know, the three tap story ones are great. You can do , a nutrition order one is  great as well. You could, you know. A your clients are fly-in, fly-out, and everything like that. You could tell a story about, you know, I've worked with over, I've worked with dozens of guys doing fly-in, fly-out, and here's the top three things I've learned. One, they need structure, right? Like, they work in long hours, they're tired. If they don't have structure, everything falls apart. Two, they need it to be simple. Like, if it's overly complicated, you know, they've got other priorities. If it's overly complicated, they're not going to stick to it. And three, you know, they need a bit of accountability. Reality is it's a tough gig. You're not always going to feel like doing it. Having someone else there to keep you accountable will be the difference, right? Then on the third story, because I genuinely want to see you guys succeed, for the first three fly-in-fly guys that tapped this sticker, I'm happy to give a free weekly, how do you say this, but like have a basic. It a  free call to break down that week to provide them that structure.
Arrans: Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: That was sort of... And then the story straight after that, like two minutes later, first three guys already got in, have to get in quick. Maybe I'll do one next week. If you missed out, I'm like, maybe I'll do one next week.
Arrans: Yeah, okay. And then it gets people like, oh, this time's actually, lots of people are doing it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, if they see other people doing it, it's urgency and scarcity. If you can push urgency, scarcity, and social proof, then you're  golden, man.
Arrans: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, have you had anyone that's had a really good transformation?
Arrans: Yeah, man. I've had a few. I've had one lad, he lost like 35 gear, like it's  insane.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I would, so one man, like I would have, I have two folders. One's just a transformation one. And then like, one's my like best of all. So these are all the trends. Transformation ones, but these are like the cream of the crop type of thing, right? So it's like, I know that these are just like a  mind-blowing transformations. What I would do is probably do the same because you would collect that and build that over time, just makes it nice and easy for you. But I would start making videos as well. And like, especially with you, man, I would start making videos where you talk about the topics you talk about in those normal photos, but then  bring up a client and use it as an example. And if you can do them like, you know, once a week, twice a week, and then you're putting it on your story as well, another transformation and  X, Y, Z, it's like people, you'll hear people start saying, man, like, I'm just  seeing you post all these transformations.
Arrans: And I was like, , I've got to reach out. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, just, you cannot do enough social proof. Like, if every single day you did five posts on like different transformations you were doing, you couldn't do enough of it.
Arrans: Like, yeah, okay. Yeah. I tried it to like balance. So I'll have some lads who obviously were a bit bigger, overweight. Like, it. Like, And then they just lose the weight. And then I've got some lads who have started already pretty jacked and then they look better. So I try and do a combination. So I'm getting lads who are in a good spot and want to get even better. And then some lads that are overweight and then they want to lose the weight. So I try and go to the two to tap into both audiences.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. The reason social proof works is because they can see that guy's like me. I look like him or he does the same job as me or whatever the case is. And, you know, he was able to help him.
Arrans: So therefore, he must be able to help me as well. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then just tell a bit of story. But I would go hard on those ones. That's something I want to get back into as well quite a lot. But like, yeah, they're probably more organic. I've been filming a lot of like social proof ads ones, which is like flooding as much as  possible. But like if you can do that and it's just like one every single week or even. Yeah. If you have the volume to do twice every single week, you'll be  golden, man.
Arrans: Yeah, okay. Sweet. I also was going to ask you, so, , man, how do you get past the objection of, oh, I need to ask me, missus? Because that's what, like, everyone that hasn't gone through is like, oh, no, missus said I couldn't. And I'm like, , are you that much of a , man?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's a tough one. The reason it's tough is because it's like, I need to think about it. It's just a smokescreen. So you can't really counteract that objection. You have to figure out what the actual objection is, right? So if they're like, oh, I need to ask my missus. like, yeah, no, completely understand, man. It's, you know, a big decision. Give them out. If I, you know, did something like this, you know, without asking my missus, I'd be in the doghouse. Ha ha. Make a joke out of it. And be like, see, bro, we'll like, and then give them out. So, yeah, man, I guess, like, how long do you feel like it would take to sort of have that conversation with the missus to see if you can, you know, so they'll do I know. And then they'll say, oh, I could chat to her tonight. So we've had a date. I like to say like, oh, you sure? You want to maybe push it back another week? You know what mean? Just to give them that little bit of like, you  idiot. But without directly saying it. And they're like, no, no, today's good. And now you need to kind of, now you need to objection. So if you just go straight into like, what do you need to ask your missus about and stuff, the guard will go right up. So what we're doing by that initial phase is just like allowing them to, you know, feel comfortable that you're not just immediately kind of come out of the gates and try and pressure sell them. Right? Because they just feel like, oh, cool. We're just going to get off this call and, you know, go from there. And I'm going to  never speak to this . I've gone away. But it's like, super. Okay. And man, I guess like, I'm sure you guys are probably going to have a couple of questions for me. So just so I'm prepared, I guess like, what is it specifically that you wanted to, you know, run by your missus? What we're doing right now is identifying the actual objection, right? Because what do you need to speak to your missus about? You know what I mean? It's usually finances, right?
Arrans: Right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Hey, do this program. Like, no, you're not allowed to live the  hours. It's usually finances. Like, oh, you know, just to see if it, you know, fits in our budget. Oh, okay, gotcha, man. So, yeah, just so I'm on the same page with you, man. Like, you know, it seems like it's, you know, is the program something you actually want to do? And it's just finances holding you back. So what we're doing here is we're sort of isolating the objection. Right? So we need to make sure that that is the only objection because we don't want to solve this issue and then then come back with another issue. All right? We still have to solve the I need to speak to my missus, but we need to solve the actual objection of finances before we can even solve that.
Arrans: need to speak to my missus about it. Right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Does that make sense so far?
Arrans: Yeah, that makes sense. Because you don't want to do all this work and then they just show you something else.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I can't do it. You, you know, you don't want do all that work and then come back, I want to do it at Christmas. So, yeah, yeah, yeah, the program is something I want to do. I just need to make sure it fits in my budget. Yeah, gotcha, man. That completely makes sense. I appreciate you being honest with me. So you show them the appreciation so they can feel comfortable talking about certain things. Because at end of the day, man, like, realistically, I'm just here to help you get to where you want to be. And it really just depends on, you know, if it's something that you actually do want to do. So, man, again, just so I'm on the same page with you, I guess from a scale of one to ten with, you know, the program is  perfect, man. It's everything that you were looking for, your confidence, ability to get you to where you want to be. Or one, I'm just a complete dickhead who's completely missed the mark. Uh-huh. Where are we sitting on that? And they'll be like, oh, you know, it's about a seven or an eight, nine, whatever they say. But, okay, cool, man. Well, seven's pretty high. was like, why isn't it lower? All right. We asked that. Why isn't it lower? Because now they're going to tell them. All the great things about the program and why they want to do it. I really like the accountability. I really like the structure. You know, you've got all the results and everything like that to show up. Cool, man. Awesome. Yeah, nice. And I guess, like, you know, what's preventing us from getting to a 10? What would you like to see to make it a 10? Sometimes they'll say nothing. Maybe they'll say price. Whatever the case, but yeah, gotcha. Cool, bro. Okay. Yeah, and so you kind of got them to feel more comfortable about this conversation that we're now having, right? So you can, what I would do from here is be like, cool, man. And I guess just so I'm on the same page, like, there's different ways you can kind of go about it. But like, I like to handle financial objections kind of directly. You can't go too directly too quickly, but I do like to handle them, like, relatively directly. So I guess, like, just so I'm on the same page, man. Like, is it, it seems like the program is something you want to do. It's just finances. Leadback, right? Yeah. Okay. And in like, do you actually have your own money to spend? Or is it like a joint account with the missus where you just can't touch it unless you get a kind of permission? I could say that. Saying permission is a very like angry word. You might get offended by that. But then you could, there's so many different financial objections. You could go down the route of being like, just so I'm aware, do you actually have the funds available to kind of invest into something like this? And it's just, you know, making sure that it's actually like, you know, you see the value winner. Or is it like, if you were to invest in this, you'd be out in the street , you know, shaking your  for money. You know what mean? Because at the end of the day, man, like, I don't want to put you out. I'm like, oh, no, I do have the funds, but I just got to make sure it fits in with the bills and everything like that. Like, okay, cool. So like, yeah, you do actually have the physical money to invest into it. If it's something you feel like you get the value out of. do have the funds to actually move forward.
Arrans: Like,
Kyle Musca: So if they get rid that, then it's more about like, okay, where do we find the funds? And then you can literally just break it down into, yeah, cool, man. Like, you know, a lot of my clients sort of started in the same position. I guess, man, like if we sort of sat down and we had a look at where our money is going, like, do you feel like, you know, we could potentially, you know, find a little bit of spare change to actually invest into this so you can get the results you're looking for? See what they say. Like, okay, I guess, man, like how much money are spending on? And sometimes I like to ask these questions a little bit early in the call, but I guess, like, man, how much money are like, sort of spending on, you know, going out with the boys or getting a slat of beers on the weekend, right? How much money are sort of spending on, like, a pack of cigs every week? How much money are spending on  Uber Eats every week?
Arrans: You know what mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You start breaking down all the negative things that they're spending money on and be like, and again, there's just so many different ways to do this. You could be like, well, I'm a little, you know, again, man, I don't, you know, just putting my coaching hat on, like, I'm a little bit confused, man. Cause you're spending all this money on things that, you know, I'm moving. Further away from your goal, but you're not really, doesn't seem like you're really willing to invest money that's going to move you closer to the goal. So I guess it just comes down to like, what is actually going to be a priority to you at the end of the day, man? Because, you know, again, just putting my coaching hat on, you vote with your time, your energy, and your resources today for the person that you want to become tomorrow. So I got to ask you, man, like, do you feel like investing all that money into, you know, the beers and the pokies and the smokes and everything like that, that doesn't benefit you? Do you feel like that, you know, six months down the line when you wake up, do you feel like you're going to have invested wisely? And do you feel like you're going to be the man that you want to be? Or do you feel like investing into something like this, where you're taking care of your health, you're working towards becoming the best version of yourself, you're going to be happier in six months' time with that decision? What do you feel like is going to be the best decision for you right now, man?
Arrans: That's  good, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I like to go direct for that reason. You can go, you know, on all these different  tangents. There's so many ones with financial objections.
Arrans: Yeah, man, that's sick, but like, that's, when you can break it down like that, because I was just always thinking, oh, what the  can I say to that, you know? But that, yeah, no, that's how it seems.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, kind of just depends on, on what they say. Um, you know, mean, like, cause the objection handle like this, there's certain objections that you can kind of like rinse and repeat, but at the same time, it also depends on what the, the direction of the conversation. And I guess what the actual objection is, like, there's a financial objection. Yeah. But is it a fear-based or is it a logistical based? So logistics is like, do they actually have the money or is it, you know, fear-based is they have the money.
Arrans: They're just too afraid to actually take that step. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Um, I really like the, you vote with your time, your energy and your resources for the person you want to be to, you know, tomorrow, today, um, cause it's an identity shift and then you. You kind of break the belief of like you need to obviously invest tomorrow for the person you want to be obviously today.
Arrans: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's a good one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. There's other, there's other ones like as well. It's like, cool, man. So you've been struggling with this for, you I know you said you've been struggling with this for like six months. And I guess, you know, analogy I like to use in this situation, man, is like right now you're stuck on an island, right? It's a deserted island. And you've been walking around for the last six months trying to find a way off. You've been walking around in circles pointlessly, man. You haven't, you haven't found any, a glimmer of hope, right? And I've come along, man, and I've, you know, got this cruise ship and I'm saying, man, I'll take you back to the  mainland. I'll take you to Holy Land and you can live the rest of your days, you know,  in peace and happy, right? But this is the price of admission, right? I guess, what are you going to do in that situation, man? And are you going to like, you know, invest into getting off that island so you can get on with? Your life, actually enjoy your life, or are you going to stay stuck on this island walking around in circles for another six months until, you know, a more expensive cruise ship comes along, and maybe you decide to take it then, but you've already wasted six months of your life that you'll never get back. I guess, which decision do want to make? Do you want to get off this island, or do you want to keep walking around in circles? That's sick. Yeah, so you always close it as well by asking a direct question. You know, you can't just leave it and, like, does it, you know.
Arrans: Like a quote.
Kyle Musca: You've to actually give them a way to answer it. decision do you want to make? How do you want to proceed? Where do you want to go from here? And then, just keep  objection handling them until, like, and really it's just about breaking beliefs and, like, getting them to put the value back onto the program. But, like, you should start off, essentially you should start off very calm and, like, laid back and very low pressure and everything like that. And then, as you, you, you know... Continuously go through the objections. you do one objection, which is like, you know, do you want to get off this island? And then you re-ask. That's an objection cycle. And every single time you want to get a little bit more direct with it to the point where if you're going on for like , you know, 20 minutes and you've gone through like three, four, five objection cycles, it's like, John, man, you know, you've said you've been not lucky in your life, right? You say you've been  stuck for the last six months. You've been trying to look for an hour. You haven't been able to find it out. And from what you've told me, man, you're confident in this ability of this program to work, right? What decision do you need to make tonight? Sorry, what decision do you need to make right now so that tonight when you go to sleep, John, you can tuck yourself in and know that you've put yourself in the best position possible to finally strip this 20 kilos so you can get on with your life, so you can feel confident to take a show to the beach, so you can go find a girlfriend that you actually want to be with, not just settling for what you can get. And so you can actually live a better quality of life and never struggle with this issue. And what decision do you need to make right now to make that a reality job? You know what mean? Like if you got to that point, like if you really  went hard with it, but that's easier said than not.
Arrans: Yeah. But I think that's good because like a lot of the stuff that I, like a lot of my content that I post to, I'm more so like pretty straight to the point than that. And I think the people that come to me, they prefer that. Like the lad's like, oh, righto. He's actually, he's like telling me, , pull your head in a bit. So, yeah. Like. Well, that's why it's if you're about to say something stern or like, you know, kind of coming up as almost dick, you just say like, do you mind if I put my coaching hat on for a second?
Kyle Musca: And then you can kind of just say whatever the  you want. You know what mean?
Arrans: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Another good one is like, if they struggle, like if they say they've struggled with accountability, or like, you know, consistent. Whatever the case may be, like, do you feel like, you know, I know you mentioned before you sort of, you know, struggle with accountability, right? Yeah. Okay. So do you feel like, you know, you've gotten right to the line? Because right now we're right at the line of like taking that step, being able to move into the new person that you want to become. Do you feel like in the past you have sort of gotten to certain points like that? Maybe it's, you know, just getting encouraged to even go to the gym or maybe it's meal prep or whatever the case may be. But then because you're lacking that self-accountability, that you just never ended up actually taking that step and never actually following through. Do you feel like that has been the case in the past? They'll probably say yes if they've already said they struggle with accountability, consistency, whatever. Okay. Well, I guess then I got to ask in that case, do you feel like, you know, that could potentially be what's happening here? Because right now we're at the finish line. You know, the next step you take is the step into your new life. Do you feel like you're just kind of holding yourself back from actually like taking that step because, you know, you have struggled with this in the past? And you're just holding yourself back.
Arrans: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Okay. So I guess if that's the case, like what decision do you need to make to break that cycle? I mean, you just sit there and silence.
Arrans: Yeah, that's good.
Kyle Musca: A lot of it's just like, honestly, just coaching and mindset, like belief-breaking, to be honest.
Arrans: Yeah, when you break it down that way, like, I haven't really looked at Did it that way? You'd identify the problem and then go from there. So that's what, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And like, you could solve the expense objection and then they could come back to, I still need to ask my partner. Like, yeah, I completely get that, man. Like, yes. Well, one, does your partner even know we're having a chat today? Yes, no. Does she know that you're sort of struggling with this issue? Oh, she knows. Yeah, but I mean, like, does she actually know, like, John, you can't take your shirt off the beach because you're embarrassed about how you look, man? Does she actually like know that how, you know, the depth and how bad it's gone? Oh, yes, no, whatever we've spoken about it. Okay. And I guess like, well, John, if you weren't asked to, you know, say hi, I spoke to the, you know, I spoke to Kyle today and he's, you know, he's offered me a coaching program and it sounds  fantastic. It's like everything I've been looking for and I really want to do it. Right. Do you feel like she would be supportive of you doing something like that? Oh, yeah, maybe. Like, I don't know. I'd have to ask her. Okay. Well, what would happen if she said no? You know what mean? So that's a really good question because sometimes I'll just say, I'll do it anyway.
Arrans: Okay. Well, let's just do it then.
Kyle Musca: Okay. You know what mean? Usually they'll be like, oh, usually they'll be like, if they say no, they'll be like, oh, I guess I'll just have to find another way to do it. And then this is really important. You can't move on from that. A lot of people are like, okay. And then move on. You've got to get them to realize that as a stupid. Answer. Like, okay. I guess, like, if she said no and you're going to figure another way out to do it, like, how are going to do it? Oh, I don't know. I'll just have to figure it out. Yeah, but, like, I mean, how? And I don't, you know, I mean, like, I just want to, you know, be on the same page with you, John, because, like, I hear this all the time. Like, oh, I'm going to figure it out. But it's like, how are you actually going to figure it out?
Arrans: Because that's exactly the  thing that old mate said to me. Oh, I'll just have to figure it out, I guess.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Arrans: And at this point, I was just like,  me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. How are you going to do that? Oh, I don't know. Well, isn't that the problem, John, that you don't know? That's why we're on this conversation in the first place. Yeah. So, I guess, you know, when it comes down to it, John, like, well, let's just, you know, get on, like, I'd love to just get on the same side of the table with you. Notice how I always say this. want get on the same page. want to get on the same side of the table. I want get on the same side of the table with you, John. And I guess, like, I mean, theoretically, and again, there's different ways you could go. Like theoretically, John, I mean, you want to do this program from, it seems like you want to do this program from what you told me. Sounds exactly what you're looking for, your confidence ability. And the only thing that's holding you back is just making sure that, you your business isn't going to rip your head off, right? Is that right, John? Yeah, cool. Okay. I guess in a theoretical world, John, what would happen if you did agree to move forward with this? And then that way, when you do it, go have the conversation with her. It's not so much asking for permission, whether or not you can or can't do it. it's more so, you know, babe, I've, you know, I just spoke to Kyle. It was literally everything I've been looking for. I'm so confident in this build. I'm really excited to start this journey. And I'm really excited for us because I know this is going to benefit us and everything that we do. All right. What conversation do you feel like is going to be the easier one to have? Oh, okay. Well, do you agree that sometimes it's ask, it's better to ask for forgiveness rather than, you know, permission? Yeah. Okay. All right. Well, John, mean, like. I know for me, if my girlfriend came to me and she was like, I've just invested $2,000, $4,000, $5,000, $10,000 into this program because that confidence ability is going to change my life and I really, really want to do it because I've been struggling with these issues for a while now. I mean, I know for me, I would be like, go for it, babe. I'll fully support you.
Arrans: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You could also, again, it depends on how direct you want to be. It's like, okay, well, John, like, you know, for three, for three months, it's 15, it's just $1 So I guess let's put this into context, man. Like, so you feel like she may have problems with you investing into your health and fitness for $1,500 for the next three months? Oh, she might do. Okay. And I guess like, theoretically, if you went and bought her a new Gucci handbag or that dress, she would like, so that necklace she's been wanting or those earrings she's been wanting for $1,500. Do you feel like she's going to be no, take it back. I don't want them. You absolute  pig. Right. So I guess, you know, John, do you really feel like she's going to have an issue with you investing into your health and fitness if it's something that you really want to do and you really want to change? Yeah, that's unique. Yeah, so there's different ones you can do. kind of just depends on the context.
Arrans: Context, yeah. Are you caught into some Fathom, right? So then I...
Kyle Musca: I'm not recording this, but I've got the note-taker going, so hopefully the note-taker will... Oh, actually, no, Fathom should record it.
Arrans: Yeah, no record and taking notes. Yeah, it is. Just because then I'll be able to just keep re-watching all of this, which will be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so... Yeah. Again, there's a million and one different objections. There's a resource versus resource... resourceful versus resources one. So it's like, you know, John, like, Rashidist. mean? Thank So... Great. I guess who's your favorite, who's your favorite, you know, depending if they're like NFL player or whatever, John, who's your, who's your favorite movie star? I really like Arnold Schwarzenegger. Cool, man. Well, do you know what you and Arnold Schwarzenegger had in common when, when he started? No, we both started from nothing, right? And, you know, he's a , one of the greatest bodybuilders of all time. He's been in movies. He's, you know, a multi, multi-millionaire, disgusting and rich right now. But he started from nothing, right? Where you are, right? And what that tells us, John, is that you don't need resources to get started and to be successful. You just need to be resourceful, right? Which means that, you know, realistically, if you prioritize something and you really, really want it, then I'm sure you'll figure a way to get it done. Because you already told me, John, that if you did want to move forward with this, then you do have the funds available. It's not like you're going to be out on the street, right? So I guess it just comes down to, to whether. And it's okay if not, but whether or not if this is actually, you know, really a priority to your job. Do you feel like it's a priority for you? Again, you can just keep going until they're just like, you know, it's hard, it's awkward, it's almost awkward to do, but like you can just keep  going around in circles until. And at a certain point, like I would just start having fun with it.
Arrans: I would just start  throwing  in there for the sake of it. It will be good. Like every time, like you said a while back too, you said, even if someone doesn't, if they say they're a school kid or apprentice, you said still take the call. So I've been doing all that. And every time you do a call, you just get a bit more comfortable and learn more. So it's, we'll definitely turn more and more. Every time we do these calls too, you're giving a bit more. It's something to bounce off, which is half your hand in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. And you never know as well. Like, those guys might, you know, in two years' time, maybe they get a good job.
Arrans: Maybe they do fly and fly, and then we're going straight back to Aaron.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Cool, man. Any questions on any of that stuff?
Arrans: No, man. That was pretty, that was really helpful. Yeah. That's sort of been, I suppose, apart from, you know, you're just trying to grow organically, so the leads come and go. Still getting pretty, you know, still getting large and flying, which is good. And then that's sort of been my biggest one as of late, is those objections, just trying to handle them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. No, absolutely. And then, yeah. Yeah. It's just, you could, sales, again, is all about reps. it's just, you you could, could, could, And just, I guess, almost having the balls to just try stuff. And not taking no for an answer. Like, you'll, you know, the sale really starts when they say, oh, I need to think about it or I need to ask my missus or something.
Arrans: Like, that's when the actual sale starts. Yeah, I got it.
Kyle Musca: Because up until then, it's just reading a script.
Arrans: That's not crazy difficult to do.
Kyle Musca: It still takes skill and everything to do it properly, but the objection handle is really good. The other mindset I would really keep front of mind when you're doing this is not so much towards the end of the objection cycle where you have to get more firm, but always come from the angle of, like, man, I don't really care what you do. I'm just here to help you. You said that this is going to change your life or you said that this is going benefit you. So, you know, if you want to do it, man, I'm all for it. I'm here to help you. But if not, like, I don't really care.
Arrans: It's your life. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And again, like, when you're coming from, like, that real calm, not. I'm pressuresome. It's like a weird, it's almost like a weird, it's just a weird, like, if someone ever does it to you, you like, you won't realize it in the moment, but then you'll like kind of think back and be like,  it. Because it just feels so like low pressure and then it kind of like just edges you towards like feeling comfortable to make that decision because they're not desperate for the sale at all. If anything, they're saying like, man, if you don't want to do it, just like, let's just end the conversation. But they want to do it, otherwise they wouldn't be on the call.
Arrans: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Then, yeah, the other thing I would just start doing is, just go on ham with like, because you're doing organically, man, I would just go ham with all the CTAs possible. Like, even when you do those, like, the talking straight to camera videos, I would just be like, you know, if you need a hand doing this. If I can DME coach, DME A1, because keep A1 your organic trigger word. DME A1, you know what mean? Just because you're going to grow your account off being a coach. You're not an influencer, you're not going to get, I mean, you might get sponsorships and affiliates and stuff, but I doubt that's going to be your bread and butter as you grow. You want to just really establish yourself as the coach, right? Give value, give value, give value. Here's how to contact me if, you know, you want to work with me, essentially.
Arrans: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if I, honestly, if I was you, like, not while you're in China, but when you're back, man, I would just go so ridiculously hard on content to the point where I'm posting like three times a week. Sorry, three times a day. Because, like, if you're banging out those talking videos, they're super  easy to do. The reaction videos are super  easy to do. And then I would throw in some, like, actually value-driven content here and there. Yeah. Um, like kind of what Sage does, guess, but that's going to require a little bit more work. Um, but if you had those, cause you've got different layers, like you've got the viral content, you've got the value-driven content, which isn't going to go as viral. Um, but it's great. It's great. Like, cause you get the content that gets eyes on you and then you've got the content that, you know, your closest followers start to really engage with and really relate to. And those are the people who are going to be like the ones that message through you. So it's like, it's just as important as having the content that does go more viral. Um, and then just like constantly trying to figure out ways to, and a lot of this just comes from like, honestly, like the best you will ever get at this is if you, if you just generally want to do it. Like, I remember back when, you know, I was growing my account and everything like that. I did a, um, like a, a follower physique series where I would do a video basically breaking down, like a follower would send me photos of their physique. And I would do a video breaking down, you know, where the. Strong points are, where their weak points are, what they need to work on, everything like that. And I remember , one, they just blew up, man. people loved watching it. But two, like, I would have, like, literally, like, hundreds, if not thousands of just  messages of people DMing their physique, asking me to, like, review it for them.
Arrans: Yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So that, replying to comments, is another really good one. You know, if you, yeah, depending on the comment, just reply to, what, someone I would really, really, like, look at, again, if I was, like, in your position. Is, um. Yeah, Brennan Clark. The other thing as well, man, I think, because you broke your back and stuff, eh? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Dude, I would leverage that so much more as well. You know, do talking points on it. Yeah, do talking points on it. Bring it up on the green screen. Talk about your experience with it. Talk about your recovery. Show how far you've come since then. All that stuff. Because that's pretty crazy. Again, that's a story. People, it needs to be a story, right? People resonate with stories.
Arrans: Yeah, and it's a bit unique, too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. 100%. You can see a ton of reaction videos here. But then he also does, like, these ones that, these ones actually, like, picking up good traction now. I remember when he first started posting, and they, like, got  all views compared to. when he was I I saying, oh, I'm oh. I'm saying, saying, saying, oh, saying, oh,
Arrans: I filmed some, like, I found, like, a rockety protein shake, like, in the servo here in China. So, like, I did a couple videos like that, you know, just saying to people, you know, even in the middle of the clock, if you're trying to, you can have a protein shake,  like that. Yeah. Something different to post, you know.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, not 100%. I would, um, I think for, like, if you wanted to replicate someone's content, I would probably, like, Brennan does a really good job of having viral content, but then having content that is more value-driven. Like, I don't really watch this stuff, but, like. World and winning belongs to the optimists. It belongs to the people who are willing to go out there and go through the luck, all the embarrassment, and all the rejection in order to. Find the nugget of gold, and that nugget of gold will propel them to continue looking further. Because once you get a taste of the winning, it's more value-driven content. That's more inspiration, I guess, but like... If they pop off, though, like, , you know what saying? Like, you'd get up. Yeah. But it's not... know, none of this is overly crazy hard content to do. And then, again, look at what's gone well for everyone. Obviously, I've seen two bad jerking off now, so they clearly resonate really well. The other thing, I think, with your content as well, one thing I noticed the other day... ... Who has happened? ... Who has happened? ... I'm about to say something pretty  up. Now, if you work in the trade industry and you either look like a crackhead or a fat , you're probably finishing every day whinging and moaning about how  and sore you are. Nine times out of ten, you're probably having a packet of durries and a Red Bull for smoker. Get at home, winch to your missus. She doesn't give it too far. She's probably looking at different blokes all day. For you, man, it's the 21st century and you can change that, all right? It's never been easier. Take care of yourself. Oh, hang on, man. I've got to quickly put the comment on this.
Arrans: You're a hard guy.
Kyle Musca: Smith. Yeah, so that one was good. There was one where it was kind of like, and then, yeah, I would also show off your physique a lot as well, if possible.
Arrans: Okay, yep. Yeah, I do find when I post my physique reels, I probably get the most employees after. Yeah, 110.
Kyle Musca: The physique sellers, man, so I would go super hard on posting your physique. Like, you've got a lot, literally, like, you've got a lot to work with. You've got the physique, you've got the story with the broken back, like, you've got the fly-and-fly-out stuff, there's a lot you could talk on there. If you took what, like, Brandon does, because he does, like, a lot of God stuff, if you basically just took that concept and then molded it to, yeah, molded it to you, like you. you. We would have an unreal amount of inquiry. But, like, volume is super  important. Like, I don't know if we can see it anymore. Yeah, eight hours ago, eight hours ago, 12 hours ago, 13 hours ago, one day ago, one day ago, one day ago, one day ago, one day day ago, You know what I mean?
Arrans: Like, I'll have a little, I'll, like, have a bit of a deep dialogue in this account to see what I can take from it and put me on screen and share it as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, volume is super important. And this content is so easy. That's why, like, if I was you where, you know, you're not, it's not like you're  overwhelmed with clients and everything like that coming in. And I would honestly set aside, like, an hour at least every single day where I'm just pumping content because it's easy to make. And you could easily make, like, six talking-to-head reels. You could easily make six reaction reels. You could make, you know. know. Six  of the trendy sound reels, easy, probably like, you know, eight or nine. And Newton's  power through it, man.
Arrans: Yep, yep.
Kyle Musca: Wow. And then, again, if you've got CTAs and all of those, you're putting CTAs up in your story, you're  engaging with your audience, like, you're starting those conversations. It's just a volume. It's literally just a volume game. Just do more. You'll get really  good at it really quickly. And you also have more potential to go viral doing it. Like, obviously, if you've got more out there, so it's more likely something will click. The other thing is, have you checked your audience insights?
Arrans: Yeah, yeah. Well, let me see it here. It's your own emails.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I would check... I don't want to show you how this... this... this... I I I But on the page here, we'll have like audience insights, and then I would go to, let me show you, yeah, the professional dashboard, and then, I don't know what we're going at all. Oh, you prick. Oh, this is the wrong one. Oh, we should have spoken about the magic hat as well. Why don't do this? Have you got like a recording of everyone that has messaged you from, or inquiries?
Arrans: Like, like, do I track my inquiries?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like, has everyone, I mean, you would have had a form of, what the  is this, man? Go away. What is that? You know, like, you got your application form, eh? Yeah. So what I would do there as well is I would go through that and filter out all the clients that haven't signed up, all the people that have ever inquired and haven't signed up. So it's called the magic hat trick. And you basically go and say, like, hey, man, you know, every, you know, once a month, I do a random giveaway. For anyone that's ever inquired about coaching, it must be your lucky day, because you've won a, you know, you don't have heaps of a super high ticket thing, so I would say, like, maybe a $250 voucher that you can put directly towards coaching. Let me know if you want to learn a little bit more about what's involved in that, man.
Arrans: Oh, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, right, eh? And that does really well at, like, booking calls and, like, sales, too.
Arrans: Yeah, okay. I'll definitely get that exact thing.
Kyle Musca: I'm so confused which one it is. Pretty sure it was this one, eh? iPhone, microphone. You should like it, anyway. Whatever. I'll just show you on the  camera. But you're, um, so followers, and then you'll scroll right down to the bottom, and you'll see, like, most athletes.
Arrans: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: All right. See how, let's say it's, you know, it's, what's Thursday today? See how like from 3 p.m. to 6, I don't know can see that, but 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. it starts to climb. Basically, yeah, what's that? 59K versus 57. Yeah, so, yeah, from 3 p.m. to, it will, all the way through to 6 a.m. the next day is pretty much the highest period. So, I would post, I usually post at like 5.15 essentially, which will be just before that uprising of followers that usually are online. Okay. All right, because if you posted, you know, let's say you post in the middle of the day, which if you don't have huge amounts of volume, you still can, it's fine. But if you post in the middle of day before it goes into that slump, then it's like all your followers are getting off. They're not going to see it, which the algorithm is going to be like, oh, this isn't a very good piece of content. rollsviamente tsz t t t t But if a lot of your followers are active and then they start engaging with it, then it's like, oh, cool. A lot of people are interacting with this quickly.
Arrans: Let's push it a little bit harder. Okay. Yep. Is that... Just before it ramps up. Just before it ramps up.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like you want to get on the high side of that. And then, are you doing still CTAs? Yeah, Tammy. A1, yeah. I'm about to say something. Yeah, yeah, beautiful. Yeah, perfect, man. Cool. One thing I would really start exploring... I need to lose my mark. Hey, let's be... One thing I would really start exploring for you as well, man, is just trying to book in... They call it triage calls, essentially. So they're just like a five, 10-minute chat where you can just get on the phone with them. I can tell them, essentially, well, they tell you what they're doing. right. you... ... Tell them it's wrong, because it usually is. And then transition them into the coaching conversation. So nutrition audits, structural audits, you know, how to spot open up this afternoon. How to client, not cancel, I wouldn't say that, but how to client have a last-minute emergency. So I've got half an hour this afternoon. I'm going to give one follower a free nutrition order off the top of that. Get a little bit more creative than a nutrition order. You could do a nutrition order. The first person to book in here gets it. And then two minutes later, that spot's gone.
Arrans: Yep. Yep. Okay, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Just like start having like as many calls as possible. Yeah. At the end of the day, if they get on the phone for that, it means that they are trying, know what mean? Like no one gets on the phone. For a  nutrition audit if they don't care about losing weight.
Arrans: Yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: I mean, so it's like, let's just get this kind of crystal on.
Arrans: Yeah, okay, sweet. No, that's something I can implement in anything as well. So, no, that's awesome, man.
Kyle Musca: Thank you. Yeah. Yeah, that's all good. And then on them, like, you can kind of just go straight into it if you wanted to. Otherwise, it's always good to, like, have that five, ten-minute chat, make sure they're in nice, quiet place. Like, man, depending on what you want to do, if you want to just go straight into the side of things, can. Otherwise, just put it on your time. I couldn't do it right now, but happy to line up a time, maybe tomorrow, we can sit down and run through things properly just to see if it's evening and so, yeah.
Arrans: Yeah. Yeah, it's a bit of urgency as well. I've been doing that before I get on the call, like, a few of them have been like, oh, hey, I'm intrigued. Thanks. Thank Thank you. Thank Three now. And then I'll say, oh, sorry, Ray, I'm actually just finishing up another call, or I've got another call book here. So before they've even got on the call, they're like, oh, this one's something for.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. Yeah, the busy make yourself look the better. Yeah. You what would be cool as well? It's like, if you get a , like, again, get creative with this . If you get a cool transformation, put it up in your story and be like, how much weight do you, this is a 12 weeks different.
Arrans: How much weight do you feel like, do you think you lost?
Kyle Musca: Why? I mean, and then maybe do like a poll where it's like , I mean, you could do, a poll is easier. less friction. They don't have to think about it.
Arrans: They can just like tap bait. I would do a poll. Yeah, okay. I'll do that.
Kyle Musca: 10 kilos, 12 kilos, 15 kilos, 17 kilos.
Arrans: And then next one. Maybe, like, if you guess this much. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you guess 17 kilos, another story, you're correct. You know, Craig, one of my clients, man, he came to me 12 weeks ago. He was sick of the man. He was looking in the mirror. He had no energy, no  drive, felt like  all the time. Came to us, came to me 12 weeks later, he's  16 kilos lighter, and he's a completely new man. And then, I like to come from this angle of very direct, but like, completely new man, like, you know. And the reason he's able to do that is because this isn't just some  copy and paste program where, you know, I  shoot you a two-minute text or voice memo about how your week is going. This is 100% custom to your life, and I'll make sure that you show up every single day, get the job done, and get the best. This is all the possible. possible. This This This And so if you want to work with a team that wins, DM in the word A1, and we'll sort you out. Something like that. Again, it doesn't have to be that tone, but like, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Arrans: I can do that. I can do that. That'd be good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, right. Any questions on any of that stuff at all?
Arrans: Nah, man. Nah, that was pretty helpful, bro. That was actually real helpful. A couple of things to work on. Yeah. A couple of things to tweak on as well. Oh, it's just sweet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, awesome, man. Beautiful. But I reckon the game plan for when you're back from China, man, just get ready to pump  content. Like, ridiculous.
Arrans: Yeah, yeah. That's all right. It's been good, man. My missus, she's been, she's doing it, but starting up K-T-Night Girls as well. So now, me and her, I'm just pumping content together, which is good. It's handy. It's just... You know, bounce ideas off each other.
Kyle Musca: It's really good. Yeah, man. It doesn't take much before you can , like, up and, you know, travel around and do what you just want. It ends up being cheaper, to be honest. Like, we're in an Airbnb. It's, like, right in  Miami and stuff. It's, like, a little bit more expensive than what I was paying weekly when I was living here. But it's, like, all the electricity and everything's 100% covered. It's all furnished, all that . So it's, like, I think you just  up and leave wherever you want.
Arrans: Yeah. Yeah, I'm , like, I'm at this Buddha thing at the moment. That's why I was, like, oh, oh, wait a second. I'm about to go walk after this. Like, this big  Buddha statue up here. But, nah, it's, I don't understand. It's been good, man. I was over here for the Canton Fair, so it's, like, the biggest trade show in the world. And, uh. And just like suppliers,  anything and everything you could think of, just products and that. Even, gee, that's about it, a peptide supplier and .
Kyle Musca: Nice. Yeah, I was going to go over there.
Arrans: Just anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I was looking at getting into the apparel side of things, and I was like almost tempted to go over there and just sort it all out for a week or two.
Arrans: So, bro, I would, man, like, because it was cool because you met the supplier and then they, like, took you to the, like, the fabric market and it was just this 20 stories just fabrics and you can just feel them. Yeah, man, and you feel them and I'm like, sweet, I want this, I want that. And then they're like, oh, cool, we can make that. And then I brought over, like, some shirts and singlets and shorts and I said, can you copy this in this fabric? they're like, sweet. And then I just gave them the clothes. And I said, I want it in this fabric, and they're just going to do some samples for me and send it back. It was so much easier just doing it there, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. I could imagine it would be. That's sick, man.
Arrans: That's exciting. Yeah, was cool, man. It was just something different. And it was, you know, first time being able to travel, and I'm oh, I still can work, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 100%. I've wanted to go to China, actually, weirdly, not many people do.
Arrans: Yeah, man, it was just random. So I'm in Hong Kong at the moment. I went to, like, Langzau, which is China. And the one thing, it's clean, bro. Clean as , eh? Yeah. It's like an Asian country. It's like, it's an Asian country, but just spotless. They've just got little cleaners everywhere.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. No, love, yeah. No, it's good, those countries, man. I don't know if you've been to Europe, but Europe's  so dirty, you know.
Arrans: Yeah, I've been to a couple, but I haven't done too much in Europe.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Cool, bro. Is there anything else you want to run through at all, man?
Arrans: Nah, man. Nah, that's all. Thank you for your time, bro. Appreciate it. All good, man. Safe travels home. I'll chat to you soon. That's good, man. Talk to you. You're right. Bye.


>>> 243/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-07T04:59:34Z | id:99928315
People: Kyle Musca

Torin McGlynn: This meeting is being recorded.
Kyle Musca: Hey man, how going?
Torin McGlynn: I'm going well. Let me just make sure that this is being recorded on my end. Is it your wedding that you're rehearsing for? Are getting married?
Kyle Musca: No, not me. My brother.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, really? Okay. I was thinking, wow, I did not know about this. So why are you doing that all this evening? I'm actually fine to call now. It started raining. And what I wanted to do was move this so I could actually just go get food, but then I can order food.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, it was, the rehearsal was today, it's for tomorrow. So I got so much work to do as  as .
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, no, I get you. But yeah, I don't know why this isn't working, but you can send me the, you can send me your link or something.
Kyle Musca: You always send me the meeting notes anyway. Yeah, beautiful. Cool, man. Well, let's rip right in. How has this week been over?
Torin McGlynn: Oh, big a week. I feel like I'm on the, like the pinnacle of 100k months. I reckon I can do it like way sooner than we think.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, if you're hitting 12.6, man, if we keep that up, we're, you know, 60k.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I'm pretty sure I did it last week too, actually. Got a woman that was like literally before another financial kind of disqualified herself in text. Almost. And then she was like, I don't know. She had this revolution where she was like, I don't need to ask my husband. I'm just going use the carrot. And I was like, sick. That's the deal right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Beautiful. Yeah. I mean, like, you know, qualifiers are obviously there to like avoid time wasters, but it's not like set in stone. And you will have calls where they're like, you can go either way. Like, obviously, there's sometimes you will have a guy like, I've got this in the bag. Like, this is the easiest sale ever. I'm going to just want to go through. Vice versa. You're like, there's no way this person's going to sign.
Torin McGlynn: And then they're just like, sometimes they just don't even have a problem with Yeah, cool. I'm like, oh, what the ? Yeah, it's so strange. I guess they need to, the woman when she got on the call was like, oh my God, it's you. And then she's like, I didn't think it was going to be you. And I was like, oh, who do you think it was going to be? And she was like, oh, normally I get on these calls with these big personalities online and it's not them. I was like, oh, fair enough. I like to connect with my clients. And she really liked that part. So maybe that was why.
Kyle Musca: I'd say, so you, you, you've definitely got like, you've got the following now that you're going to get that star power. So I guess just by like people talking to you, they're going to be like , holy . And then they'll just, you know, do it. So, um, yeah, which definitely works in your favor. So we'll, we'll get into this, uh, check-in form, man. So 14.
Torin McGlynn: Check-in form I just did and I didn't, I literally just did it right now. didn't have any other time to do it. Um, and it's not fully pulled out.
Kyle Musca: It's not what, sorry.
Torin McGlynn: Fully filled out? It's not fully filled out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, there's a few things. Yeah, definitely a few things we want to touch base on. So 14 calls booked this week, 8 calls taken. Do you still have more remaining, or was that just no-shows?
Torin McGlynn: Oh no, have, what do I have left? So I had some, like, cancellations. had some, two cancellations that just said I don't have any money, which I was kind of happy that I cancelled, to be honest. Just had a call there, the woman was  nuts. She was another one, a second call in a row that was like, my god, it's you, and then she was, like, frothing over. Okay, I got one more call this week. All the other ones are either cancelled or rescheduled.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Okay, so, I mean, that's almost, that's almost a 50% show-up rate. So that's, that's a key figure, like, if we can increase that, because, like, let's have a look at, what it was recently. If it's just a once-off week thing, that's not a biggest red flag.
Torin McGlynn: How many calls? One was rescheduled for next week. One, I actually had a sale this week that the guy literally just said to me, this is how I know my sales skills are getting better. He literally reached out this massive message. He's like, I actually can't afford food now that I paid you. I was like, what? I genuinely can't afford food. I'm going to need to refund the money because I need to eat next week. I was like, okay.
Kyle Musca: That's the whole point of weight loss.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, literally. He was like, I didn't think about it. And like, he even commented on my sales skills. He was like, you're a good sales guy because I literally just had the money that you, it was $500 Australian dollars. I had that in my bank account. That's all I had in my bank account.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, beautiful. Yeah, again, like the warm leads, man, like, you know, obviously you've got a massive following. So we're getting good amounts of calls booked in here. They should be like, you know, really bought into you. They should be like, you know, realistically, warm leads, can expect like an 80% to 90% close rate if you're good at sales. So, and when we get involved, you're getting, it's fantastic. So going through the last couple of weeks, man, last one was two weeks ago at the end of last week of October, week before that, it was nine calls booked, four taken with two more tomorrow. So depending on that, then it was 10 calls booked with, four already taken and four over the next few days. So depending on that, and then this is 14, eight. So, I mean, shock rate does seem a little bit low. It's not like, you know, super red kind of low, but it's like, shock rate's a weird one, man. Cause it's like, if you can get like, if you can get from 50% to 75%, man, it's like, that's a 25% increase, but you're almost like, you know, you can double and even triple your amount of cash collected just off, you know, maneuvering that figure itself. won't don't have to That's you
Torin McGlynn: that makes sense. Yeah. I like it will be nine out of 14. So nearly like 60, 70% when it comes to, because one of the calls is rescheduled for Monday. So that's kind of not really a no-show. So you could call that 10 out of 14. They're actually going to be on a call. So I don't think it's, I don't think it's that bad.
Kyle Musca: What's your, are you filling out the CEO dashboard?
Torin McGlynn: Have you got a PA for that? No, I don't. I  need it, bro. Like all these things I keep saying like, oh, this is what I need to do. And I just don't, I'd get on another call and I completely forget about it.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Yeah. Because I think you're going to run into this issue very quickly where you're growing too quickly, which is a great problem to have. But then you can run into the issue of like, holy crap, the actual infrastructure of the business hasn't been set up. I can't handle this amount of work. And then it crumbles. So, and it just, it's going to stress you out massively. And at the same time, like you don't want, you don't want to, you know, build your business, especially as rapidly. Yeah. As it is, off a bad reputation. And, you know, with someone who is in the spotlight for yourself, you know, if word starts getting out that it's just, you know, it's not like you're running a scam or anything like that. But if you can't handle the fulfillment, they're just going to spin it as it's a scam. I signed up, but I got nothing in return. And you see that with like Ash Hall and everything like that as well. Like he got in heaps of  because, you he had heaps of people signing up and couldn't handle the fulfillment side of things.
Torin McGlynn: I can already feel that that could happen. So I need everything. I'm okay to fulfill, kind of. Well, actually, I am okay to fulfill. But like if I can get everything else sorted, like if a VA will do that for me and I don't need to think all I need to do is get on a call and do the startups.
Kyle Musca: Your biggest roadblock right now, like again, just sitting down looking at what is preventing me from doing more. Your biggest roadblock is you need a coach. You need to get that fulfillment side of things off your plate because then it's like. You can sign up  100 people and then until that coach has filled out and you need another coach, but it's like you are then like off to the races. There's nothing stopping you. The VA and everything like that, it's easy. It'll help you, you know, manage the back-end, the systems, the operations and stuff a little bit easier and just do all the tedious work, which is important to have, don't get me wrong, but it's not the biggest bottleneck in your business right now. The biggest bottleneck is like you need to be able to make sure you can handle the clients who are signing. Yeah, it's true.
Torin McGlynn: It's true. And I keep waiting for like the, I've been on like six interviews now and there. I'll just, there was some guy that was really good, but he can only do 10 hours a week because he gets, he works in Dubai and he already works for like a teaching thing. He's super overqualified, more qualified than I am. Then I want someone that's fully committed to me. So maybe we run that ad, like get that sorted right now. Like I could wait for my friend, but then that's two weeks he's on, he's flown out and then I would literally need to just get him to quit his job.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. then you, yeah. And you run into this weird thing of him being on obtainer and then it's like, into this So, And it was, we can run the ad in the meantime anyway. And it's like, at least you have both options available to you.
Torin McGlynn: So you can just make the best selection. Yeah. Yeah. Because that will take a lot off my, I've got seven people to sign up on for Monday now. I had six, the one before, I had seven, the one before. So we're like signing like seven clients a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So yeah, you're just, you're going to run into a prickly spot pretty quick. The ad is super easy for that. It's all, all we need to do is I just need you to, you've already got the graphics, maybe create me two or three, shoot me through the, you know, the application form link, the job form link. Um, and then I can just set it up and we'll just target fitness coaches, target, you know, people that have studied fitness, whatever the case, I'll do all that. Don't worry about it. Um, and we should get a fair few people within a couple of days, but I ran up to Jesse and like, and then a couple of days he had like , uh, it was like 30 applicants or something. And he found a really good coach from him.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool. If we can do that, amazing. The thing that I'm struggling with is like the most important to do is because I've got so much to do always. It's like, okay, I've got to do the, let's say, story CTN Tuesday. And it's like, the whole Tuesday goes. I'm like, oh, , I didn't do that. But I was genuinely just busy the whole day. And even with the coach, it's like, oh, , I've got that interview and I need to book with that person. And it's just like, keep on running into just too much stuff to do. And then I'm like, okay, client should come first because I want fulfillment to be good. And then call the client calls.
Kyle Musca: So the best way to do this is like sit down and structure a day in terms of certain segments. So for me, I'll train first thing in the morning to get it out of the way, get the blood pumping, get some caffeine in my system. And then it's like straight after that, I'll usually try and do more creative work, know, whether that's filming content, whatever the case may be. Reason for that is because like, I don't want to like read three messages. I don't want to do admin work. It's going to piss me off. And it's like, you know, payment related stuff, whatever. I just want to allow me to be as creative as possible while I'm still high in energy after training. After that, usually, depending on how long that will do, after that, usually I'll do a bit of admin work because admin work doesn't really take that long usually if you've got it all, you know, structured properly, especially when you have the VA. It takes a while when you don't have the VA. But if you have the VA, it's pretty easy. And then straight into calls for the remainder of the afternoon. So it's like when I start to get, you know, a bit tired and fatigued, it's like I kind of have to still, you know, it's a lot easier to talk to someone. Someone with high energy than it is to, like,  do admin and cook with high energy.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I get you. I get you. Yeah, that sounds like a day like mine, too. But, yeah, I struggle with, like, I need, like, to-dos. It's just that there's so many moving pieces. There's so many unbelievably, like, crazy amounts of growth right now. So, yeah, a coach sounds like the one thing to do. And then I can obviously think about growing even more because I- I'm has It's Thank January will come around, and I'm sure it will even ramp up way more than it is now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, we've got a few things I'll talk about over this next period to sort that out. Do you use Notion?
Torin McGlynn: No, we talked about this last time, and I've never used it before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so really good for, like, you saying, like, there's so many moving parts. Like, that's what it's really good for, because you don't have to think about it. You just set a date for tomorrow, for next week, for a month from now, and it's just like every single day, you just pull up your to-do list. That's literally what it is. It's just a to-do list. Just bang, bang, bang, bang. It's like, you know, I'm not going to lie, it's a little bit tedious. Admin work is just tedious, but it's like, okay, cool, I know exactly what I need to do.
Torin McGlynn: And to be honest, it takes, like, 15, 20 minutes just to get it all out of the way. Yeah. Is there, like, a template I use?
Kyle Musca: I downloaded it after our last conversation. No, there's not a template you use, like, for me. Like, I just have, one, it's also good when you have a team. Like, if you've got coaches and stuff like that, like, I can come here, you know, my closer puts the notes in for the coaches. The coach knows exactly what they spoke about. The coach adds notes every single week, so they know what they spoke about. And then you've got things like this, my operations management tab. So these are, you know, weekly reminders, monthly reminders, four-nightly reminders, everything like that for me and my VA. So she knows exactly when to do them. You know, fail payment, follow-ups, everything like that, all in one place. So super easy for that side of things. But then I've already gone through and done them, but like, but it just all unread and read. So, you know, just like to-dos that you just bang out every single day.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, so there's an actual setting for reminders, because obviously I can write in it like it's a Google dog.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so like billing notes, for example. Maybe someone, you know, maybe I have to follow up with someone tomorrow about a failed payment, right? Make sure John Doe pays.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, it's literally just as easy as that. Yep.
Kyle Musca: And then you say at. Yeah, forward slash tomorrow. And then. And you can change a day. you know, that would then trigger on the 19th. Once that triggers, it, like, comes up in the inbox here and that you just work through your list for the day.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, , true. Okay, yeah, yeah, that could be.
Kyle Musca: All this kind of stuff would make my life so much easier because right now it's like I'm trying to think of everything. Yeah, so just make sure that nothing gets left undone because it's like, again, it's great for, like, client updates as well, man, because it's like if someone, a client's like, hey, I need this changed or, you know, maybe, like, next week they need to drop calories or something like that. It's like you don't want that to be left undone because if it is, the client's going to get really pissed off. You what mean? So this is just, like, drop their calories next Monday. You know what mean? It's really good for all that type of stuff.
Torin McGlynn: So you have, like, a client section.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, like, this is what this part is. So these are all clients. So, for example, I think he's putting them in KM Gold. Yeah, so when my closer, Tommy, makes a sale, he makes the name, he puts the contract length and package, which is already, this is like Monday Gold Clients, tags Kyle and I to notify us. Then I've even got this thing, so in three weeks' time, that's going to notify me, so then call him, be like, hey, go on, man, and try and upsell him and extend his program.
Torin McGlynn: Are you specifically, when it's your offer, do you do that?
Kyle Musca: I'll do that, yeah. Yeah. And then, this was the notes that he spoke about with, like Tommy and him spoke about. So the coach, when he comes and does his onboarding call, he can read through this and know exactly what he needs, like, to talk about.
Torin McGlynn: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. And then, you have client notes as well, because that's like, you do do one every check-in or something, like, you do.
Kyle Musca: Well. Well... Well. When I was doing it, I would, so, and it doesn't have to be anything crazy.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it could just be like, they've got shoulder injury right now, ask them about it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it should look kind of like this. Now, going well, sleep sevens, quality, you know, no steps, energy eight, right? Good week, it can be something super simple, it doesn't have to be crazy. Otherwise, the other thing is, like, if your coaches are doing Zoom calls and  like that, then just chuck it, like, what I've got for these things, where it basically just takes a recording of everything we speak about and then filters it through an AI and then spits out a massive, like, recap of everything. But you could just do that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I have Fathom notes for everything.
Kyle Musca: Can you, like, attach this to an Excel?
Torin McGlynn: Like, so if I have every client on an Excel, I have each one of their client files, let's say, on there, to make it easier for notes?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, you can build all that stuff in here. This has a lot more usability than I use it for. Like, you go forward slash, like, you can do all this stuff. Heading, numbered lists. Pages, call-out, quotes, tables, exactly like Google Sheets, dividers, link pages.
Torin McGlynn: Because I'm thinking like, you know that thing that you gave me in terms of client notes, do it on Notion and then just have it so you click on their client notes and they each have an individual one and bring them to their own page, if that makes sense.
Kyle Musca: Oh yeah, you could do that. Yeah. Yeah, this just keeps it really nice and clean.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool, cool. Yeah. I'll set up Notion. It's like a, that's like a  need.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it's a really important, like I always tell people to do it, but they don't really do it for some reason.
Torin McGlynn: It is really important for them. It's me. It's honestly me. It's because like other stuff gets in the way and then organization is like, okay, I can just think of this, but then I'm not Superman. Like I can't think of like 18 things at once.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And the other thing is like, don't want, especially when it comes to like billing and admin stuff, you don't want things being forgotten about, right? Because like you don't like. Doing them, I don't like doing them,  hate it, but if I didn't have something reminding me, then I'd be like, okay. Then I've got tasks and reminders and stuff like that, so it's like weekly reminders, like check failed payment sheet, send weekly check-in to clients, check file paths, active client lists and all that stuff, send recaps, all that . So it's just like things I just need to do almost daily. Make CTA an organic story, do questioning, make social proof on story, you know what mean?
Torin McGlynn: Hmm, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then when that triggers, then I just push it back a week, and then push back a week, and push back a week.
Torin McGlynn: Easy. Can you say like every Monday at 9am? I don't see now. Can you say like every Monday at 9am? Is that something you can do?
Kyle Musca: I mean, you might be up there. I just do it as a, like a repeat, so like, yeah, I just manually, because it will come up, you know, come up here, right? And then it'll be like this. And then if I wanted to just, you know, I'm not ready to handle that, so to
Torin McGlynn: Push back to Monday. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Makes sense. Okay, cool. And getting like an operations manager, how do I go about doing that? Because I probably will need to just do that now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's very easy to do. You just hire someone from the Philippines. It's like five USD an hour. And they just do all the tedious admin work, especially, you know, failed payment stuff, failed payment follow-ups, active client sheets. They can log into your iCloud and stuff like that with your WhatsApp. And they can actually like sync all your contacts and make sure that all your contacts are active, are up to date. I've got all that stuff. Like literally when you get a VA, I've got a whole sheet I'll just send you and say like, hey, do this. And then we can even line up so your VA gets on a call with my VA and just runs them through how to do things.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. Sounds good. Sounds good. Because if they can even fill out my revenue sheets, that'd be sick.
Kyle Musca: They'll fill out the CEO dashboard for you. They'll fill out the revenue sheets. They'll fill out all your data tracking. They just do all the tedious data entries. Appreciate stuff that you're not going to do.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, because sometimes I'm literally doing something, I'm like, I  hate this. Like, I need to be doing something else with my time.
Kyle Musca: Well, it's delegation, man. Like, and that's why hiring a coach is such an important thing for you because your time is worth more than just, you know, working towards working with, like, why would you work with someone who's paying, you know, even $100 a week when you could go make $1,000 a sale? You what mean? It's just like, where is your time better allocated? You can get someone to handle that and you can pay them like $25 to do that. And then you're still making $75, but now you can go make $1,000 a sale.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, let's do it. Yeah, I need to do that for sure. And then you have, like, the framing of that on a sales call of, like, okay, I'll be working with you, still give that exclusivity, but then I'll be assigning you to my head fat loss specialist or some .
Kyle Musca: I just say, like, yeah, so you'll be working with me and my head coach, Pat. But, and the idea there is just to make sure that you're really.
Torin McGlynn: But I'll support it at all times. Okay. So still give that like, even if I'm texting them like once a week or something.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, and then that's what you can, do you text them through WhatsApp?
Torin McGlynn: Everything's on WhatsApp.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So you just make a broadcast list, put in all, you know, let's say coach's name is John, John's Wednesday clients. And then I'm , you know, if John's doing a check-in on Wednesday, then maybe on the second half of the week, maybe a Monday or maybe a Friday or Saturday, whatever you want to do, you send a broadcast. It's one message. just goes to all those clients. Hey Ben, how you going? You know what mean? And then you just reply when they reply.
Torin McGlynn: Okay, cool. Yeah, I can do that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I've thought about potentially even maybe getting like a shadow coach or something in that. So if you're doing that, if you do that and you have like a lot of clients that make kind of just like quickly reply.
Torin McGlynn: That's what I want. Honestly, if we get a Philippines guy that just knows a tiny bit about fitness, I'm okay with that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, but you don't want to, if it's coming from you, you don't want it to like them to  up.
Torin McGlynn: Because then it's like, oh, like, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If were doing that, then you would be...
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, you're getting  then.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So anyway, cool.
Torin McGlynn: So... Cool.
Kyle Musca: Sweet. Close rate seems really... Yeah, it is really high. And that's the beautiful thing about organic leads. If you can get organic stuff going, and that's another thing I want to talk about in this, it's just really  maximizing that because there's a lot of different ways we can do that. But if you can get organic going hard, then it's like you will have not only a monster business in terms of revenue, but profit, which is a huge... Like there's a very big difference between the two, right? Because for most businesses, marketing is by far the biggest expense. So it's like if you can just remove that because you're getting it all organically, you know, you could make 50 grand and still make  four times more profit than the guy making 100 grand a month, right?
Torin McGlynn: If that makes sense. Yeah. My profit right now is like my whole business is profit, pretty much.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So now... Getting a coach on, like, the best hire you will ever do because it's like you really don't show into your proper margins that much at all. But you just buy so much back at your time. And that's what delegation is. Like, you're trading money for time, right? Everyone gets to the point where, like, oh, let's maximize money. That's fantastic. And that is, you know, step one. But it's like at that point, it's like the only way you tend now to make more money is to start literally just buying back your time.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, cool. Cool. All right. Yeah. Let's put up an ad. Okay. I don't know why, what I'm trying to, I'm going to run into the roadmap, like my, I mean, roadblock, like my time right now is like every, every single day. I'm trying to take some time off Saturday because I feel the burnout coming. I need to just have a, I need to have a day off for sure.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And don't get me wrong. Like while you're on the app, it's like ride it as much as possible.
Torin McGlynn: Ride it as far as you can. Oh, yeah. I'm okay with working 12 hours a day. I'm actually really loving it, to be honest. Like sales calls are fun. Like clients are getting on good. Thank Thank Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, like, trust me, like, six months down the line, we're doing eight sales tools a day, like, day to day, but .
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. It's just that I'm learning it. And then, like, I remember closing someone on $3,000 US dollars. Some thrill on it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Sales is, like, crack, man. When you're making sales, it's like, , man, I'm the man.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, it does fit in.
Kyle Musca: With that as well, that was the other thing I was going to say. Are you, like, offering, like, six-month packages as well, or are just doing three months?
Torin McGlynn: Uh, I've framed the pricing in three months, um, normally. So, I'll be like, okay, the three-month package is $6,000, and I'm like, oh, I don't actually think that's the one for you, and, you know, it's for chronic injuries, all that , to a price anchor, and I'm like, okay, $3,000. I'll say dollars to whoever it is, um, and that's why I'm making these USD sales, because they're like, oh, yeah, let's do it. And then they're like, oh, I just send them a US one, they pay it, and I'm oh,  yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, this one you sold just before, like, how much weight did they need to lose?
Torin McGlynn: £40.
Kyle Musca: £40. £40. So that's 20 kilos. Man, I would just go straight for six months if that's the case. Okay. It's the exact same sale, but you just don't have to resell them. You know what mean? Well, for six months, it's 5,000 USD. It's a bit expensive. Yeah. That's no cool. That's no stress. Like, look, what we could do is we could do 3K USD now, and that way it's only 250.
Torin McGlynn: I don't know if it actually is. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It will remain to six months. Now you've got them on a reoccurring thing, right?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I should do that. Yeah, I have done that with other clients. But she was, like, losing 40 pounds, and I thought it was pretty possible because, I don't know. Yeah, I'd normally try to do six months if it's, like, an actual six-month goal, which most of them are three-month goals at the moment for some reason. But, yeah, that definitely should be something I do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but, I mean, like, as long as it's reasonable, like, if someone only needs to lose, like, four or five kilos, and it's like, yeah, three months is probably all you're really going to need. But it's like, for someone to lose, especially women, to lose 20 kilos, know, 40 parents. That is at least six months.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's at least six months for sure.
Kyle Musca: Because that's, you know, almost a kill a week for a woman as well. So that's, you know, pretty aggressive. And then that's also, you know, under the impression that there are no hiccups, there is nothing wrong, and every single week is perfect.
Torin McGlynn: I did tell her it was going to be a six-month journey. And then I was like, okay, we'll do like my three-month price. And then she was like, I'll pay that. And then we'll see how we go. And I'll be happy to sign up again if I'm really happy with the results. I was like, okay, let's just do 3,000 today.
Kyle Musca: That's kind how it went. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. I, for me, it's like if we talk about if, so if they said I need to lose 40 pounds, everything I speak about is just six months from that point.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. So I'm pricing it. I'm even saying like, okay, that's, I suppose, 6K then?
Kyle Musca: Six months? Well, I do 5K so they get a better rate for, you know, the longest they stick around for. So. So. You can do whatever you want. And then, you know, if they were like, oh, that's a bit expensive and you objection handled it a bit, maybe try to break it down. Be like, look, you know, the program sounds like something you want to do. Yeah, is the program something you want to do? You've already objection handled. Cool. Look, what we could do instead is we could just opt for the three-month option, right? And that would bring it right down to this 3K for the entire three months. And look, I'm so confident that you're going to see the results and you're going to absolutely love it, that you're going to want to continue on anyway, right? And if that is what you want to do, look, instead of paying another 3K, then I'll shave a whole $1,000 off it.
Torin McGlynn: So again, for the entire six months, you still get the 5K. That does sound good. I haven't done that before. Or like, I'll give you a free month or something, but I'll shave a grand off it sounds like a pretty good incentive.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then you just say like, because I'm so confident that you're going to get the results and you're going to absolutely love what we do here. You're going to want to continue on.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Cool.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Good.
Kyle Musca: Yep. We need to sort out the many chat flow, which we will dive into in just a second.
Torin McGlynn: That'll be quick. I think it's pretty perfect, to be honest, but you give me your take on it. I'm pretty sure our lead magnet now for just my recipes in the videos is like way better than it was.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think that's the other thing. See, the other reason we need to get a coach on is because I don't want to move on to other stuff until we get that done. Because I don't want like outspreading ourselves too thin. I know. Yeah, then you probably felt it. Like you feel like you're doing everything, but nothing actually gets done. You're like, what the 's happening?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Even when you say, what's your wins of the week? I'm like, oh, I've done a  crazy productive week, but what have I done? I've made sales, I've trained all these clients, but like, what are the things, you know?
Kyle Musca: Exactly. You're stuck working in the business, right? And that's the problem. Like, we need to get you out. Sales is great. Front and center sales, but we need to get you out of other stuff so it's like you can add more to the business.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Since working together, I've signed like 28 clients, so. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, like, that's the most, obviously,  profit revenue generating task you can do. So that, by all means, is exactly what we want you to do. We just want to leverage it so you can do more of that, essentially.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I'd be more confident selling the people. Sometimes I'm like, oh, I don't even care if this person comes up because I've got so much work to do on Sunday.
Kyle Musca: Well, you're not desperate for the sale. That's when, you know, you get really good at sales because it doesn't really matter.
Torin McGlynn: Not at all.
Kyle Musca: Not at all. Didn't do first CTA, which was normally about story CTA, but ran out of time. So that's, I want to come back to that as well. There's a lot of stuff I'm going get through.
Torin McGlynn: Organic video is still killing it. Yesterday I did the testimonial one, which was good. And I did the talking thing and it got about 300 questions asked. Something like that crazy amount.
Kyle Musca: All you need to do off of that as well is just like  reply once manually, Clement can't do it, and then, and just let her know that you're doing this, and then she can just go in and continue the conversation on.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now, what are we doing?
Torin McGlynn: Pull up your many chat. The transform one should be the, I just want that to be perfect. I think it's good now, though, but we'll have a look.
Kyle Musca: What do you mean by the lead magnets are getting better for sure, by the way?
Torin McGlynn: You know what? We've kind of like adjusted them like three times now. Like one had the age qualifier, one had different questions, one had the cookbook at the very end. I feel like the actual leads are like better now that we just have like got rid of all the fluff, and like it's pretty much just recipe. Here's a free cookbook. Do you want coaching? Pretty much, that's it.
Kyle Musca: And then it's like gets rid of the time wasters completely. Yeah. You'll find like keeping it shorter and just like not direct-direct, but like semi-direct. Um... Is the best way to go. Like a lot of people, you know, tend to , I've seen this a lot, try and drag the DM conversation out heaps. It's just like, like if someone's like genuinely curious about it, they're not going to require that much.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah. Well, we're directly seeing the success from it. The call rate is going up that I'm getting. Obviously I'm getting tons of followers, but like, I think that is down to where our lead magnet's doing better. Like I do. Instead of just being like this boring, here's a lot of questions thing.
Kyle Musca: Well, this is the, the other thing you could do, man. Like as a CTA, just put it up on your story and just do like, um, I'm feeling generous for the next, uh, for the next 24 hours only. I'm going to give, I'm going to give you my 20 recipe cookbook. I can't remember exactly what it was, but whatever it is. Um, $49, absolutely free. Swipe up with the word cookbook.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. then just set that. we don't have any problem. Leadflow. There's zero issue with Leadflow whatsoever. Every post that I do, one of those call-out CTAs, 10,000 comments.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, beautiful. Yeah, so I mean, like, it just depends on if you, yeah, I mean, yeah, you've got heaps to go through. After that, yeah, so just shoot me through some graphics. Probably only need, like, three, two, three. That'll be fine. And the job link.
Torin McGlynn: Already have one of them. then the job for a link. Already have that done.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Tana got it done. Beautiful. More revenues. Yeah, by Friday. Fixing Clement. Yeah. Fixing Clement. You ever chat with her and figure that out?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I had good chats with her. I told her about the sure things being where we got kind of, like, some sure things that were getting lost. I made sure that everything was tagged. She didn't actually have access to my many chat. That wasn't good. And then got her access. I feel like they're being, they're way better now though.
Kyle Musca: Thanks. Yeah, cool. She should have the... The other thing I would ask her to do there is create a group chat on WhatsApp with all the setters that are in your account just to remove her as the middleman. So you can just screenshot it, send it to the chat, be like, hey, can we do this differently next time?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or, hey, this person didn't come. Or even stuff like, hey, you know, this person didn't show up or this person canceled, whatever.
Torin McGlynn: Can we get them rescheduled? Yeah, the annoying thing is, okay, this happened today where there was actually a duplicate, like, someone had rescheduled, but I came on the call and I realized I wasn't told that there was actually rescheduled, but then there was two meetings. Something like that happens and it's kind of annoying.
Kyle Musca: Just like that, like, hey, if you reschedule someone, can you just let me know, please?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You should be able to see that, though. When you go here, for example, I think... Maybe this guy. I think this guy was a reschedule. Yeah, so you can see reschedule here.
Torin McGlynn: Ah, okay. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, like, if you're doing your morning message outs, do you do your morning message outs?
Torin McGlynn: Yes, I do.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I do. Yeah, so I just, what I do, I don't know how you go about it, but I just, like, type in Instagram. And I'll have it like this. Do that out. Grab the email.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You're going to refresh the page.
Torin McGlynn: it's like, cool. Just straight into it. Oh, it every time. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: It loads for, like, forever. It's so  annoying. You got to refresh it. doesn't do it. Okay, cool. And then just straight into sending that out. And then because they're doing the post flow, like, you can see, already did it hit. Because it's rescheduled. And then because they're doing the post flow script, all you need to do for that is just, like, come up here. Copy that. And then just send that after, which is, like, you can see me voice note.
Torin McGlynn: And then.
Kyle Musca: And it just makes it super easy to get through. Cool. Another transform flow update.
Torin McGlynn: I might do a similar thing to you where I have two videos they watch about what actually it entails.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Do you feel like that helps?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, feel like people can actually see that it's a full system and what they're actually getting.
Torin McGlynn: Mine looks really aesthetic and good, so it just depends on what yours looks like. Yeah, cool. I think you sent me them at some point, those two messages with the pre-call and then the what's inside kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: I have sent them to you or do you want me to send them to you?
Torin McGlynn: You have sent them to me before.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you need them again, let me know. Otherwise, they should be in the script template, I think.
Torin McGlynn: But if you need them, just send me through.
Kyle Musca: Hey, amazing to see you, Keynes. So what I would do here, Um, I'd say, like, okay, so where's the last question here? Okay, and this is just going to be organic?
Torin McGlynn: This is just from the, like, story CTAs from the, yeah, organic, through also the, my bios has transformed as well.
Kyle Musca: So, um, I'd say, I don't want to get rid of this, per se, but, , mate.
Torin McGlynn: I know, it's like, we're tired of that thing.
Kyle Musca: So, just so I know, like, give a reason type thing, just so I know, help you best.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you may want to see more, and then, I mean, you might want to throw in, like, other.
Torin McGlynn: Do I even want to help others?
Kyle Musca: You could just, like, take them to something, or just, like, not give them a  option.
Torin McGlynn: That's fine, too. Dude, I don't even think it's needed.
Kyle Musca: I don't even think to, like, ...
Torin McGlynn: It'd be like a liberal, like, ask me loads of questions about my ...
Kyle Musca: Sorry, I don't work with Kamala Harris supporters.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, no, it's...
Kyle Musca: It could be all, but if you can only choose... So one, I would add in something above it. You know, mate, you can now, because from here is where you can start getting more, obviously, personalized with their, like, the way you're saying it. So, like, maybe nice, brother. Nice, bro. Yeah. Wait a second.
Torin McGlynn: Nice for her. Yeah. right. Is this for the, yeah, it's for the guy one.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Nice for her. Again, I would probably say something here, you know, I'll just put a reference. Why would you do that?
Torin McGlynn: I can see why they did, they introduced the high to followers thing now, because they want people's contact lists to be bigger, so they're charging more with that new thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but I was saying, I think that's  stupid. It sounds good, but like, if I followed someone, and then like someone, he just immediately messaged me, it'd ruin all trust with that person. Like, Zach Pernit did that to me. I know Zach Pernit personally, but he did it on my, like, other account, because I, like, liked something and followed something. I don't know. I got a message from him, and I was like, ah, it's gross.
Torin McGlynn: That was one of the other mentorships. I was going to join.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I think that's just like a cool stuff thing. But like, I don't know, if I've just followed you, I don't want you to immediately message me because I know you're about to  sell me some . Like, you know, just out of time. What did you say on this one? Yeah, cool. Actually, I mean, we don't even need to do that. We don't even need to do that. What are we doing? I don't need to do that either. So the wait only means if you want to, like, do between two. So, like, that one, wait, and then. But I don't even like the wait, to be honest. Because, like, when you do it yourself, it's kind of like you read it and then nothing happens and you're like, uh, and I don't want people to click off on that.
Torin McGlynn: I actually noticed that myself.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you're right.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, so I just changed mine for, like, one second. This is a massive flow. This, this one that I've made here. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because it has an un-female one. I'll maybe just, like, reword it to be a little bit more personal for the female one as well. Like, I don't know how you'd say that, but, like, as you can see here, just adding a nice bro, just to get straight into, like, a little bit more personalization.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. I tried that on the actual ones, you know, the guy versus girl ones.
Kyle Musca: What do you feel like you're struggling? mean, yeah, perfect. I was thinking, I mean, this is not the end of the world at all, but I was kind of thinking of doing training slash nutrition, structure slash accountability, knowledge slash guidance. Yeah. Yeah. Again, not the biggest thing, know, it doesn't really matter. Yeah, perfect. And then, again, you could end it right there and then. What I've done is I changed the age qualifier just to straight. Honestly, Just so I can tailor things to your schedule, what best describes your current situation, working full-time student or not working.
Torin McGlynn: I was thinking, how do you do the job without just being like, are you poor, are you not? That's way better.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I was like, I'll just test it out. But you can see 95% click-through rate, 96%. So it hasn't tanked anything. And then what I do is like, if they're working full-time, it's like, great, let's try and book them in on a call. If they're a student or apprentice, just sell them, try and do sell-by-chat, low-ticket. So I don't know if you have a low-ticket option or anything, but sell-by-chat.
Torin McGlynn: No, I don't. Not yet. This is all stuff that I need to stop being a coach and make, or get someone else to make it for me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I just do like $19 a week. And then not working. Again, cool thing here, I asked Clemente to do this this morning, actually, is like, do the magic hat trick with students slash apprentices or unqualified leads forever. And just be like, hey, like, usually it's  $780 bucks. Google with a $500 discount, you know, sorry, voucher applied. Yeah, it's just $19 a week. But I can get, you know, if it's, you know, if you get a couple a week, then that stacks up over time.
Torin McGlynn: What do they get?
Kyle Musca: They get access to my full app. It's  good value for $19 a week. Full training plan, meal plans, all the app tracking. They just don't get one-to-one coaching, essentially. Or customised actual workout programming, less adjustments and all that . Or no adjustments for us, but. So do you want to add that in?
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, definitely. Do that. I don't know.
Kyle Musca: And then obviously we attach to the, the other cool thing about this, why, I mean, if you've got a really young audience, the age call that you kind of have to do.
Torin McGlynn: I don't. Everyone's  retired.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so the really cool thing about this is like, we've got to run ads and conversion. API is only set to the ones working full-time. So, again, over time, that will start gearing towards more people that are working instead of just, you know, students and . So, you've got heaps here. So, I'm just going to do another trigger .
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I don't really, like, to be pretty honest, I don't know, why do I need to know they're high and weight?
Kyle Musca: Like, really. It's just to, like, get the conversation continually on.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Maybe part-time slash casual. I don't ... I don't want to do that. , that's annoying. I don't know, I'm going to let you come back to that, everyone. And then basically what you'll do is, oh, no, the height on the tag you mean.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, that tag you're going to get for the working full time.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, do you mean the set user field? No, we don't need that. No, not exactly. What we want is, uh, action tag.
Torin McGlynn: I have a tag at the very start of this, because they are high intent. Um, I can put a tag at the very start of this flow, and it says, like, transform good intent, kind of thing.
Kyle Musca: Um, yeah, so, well, I would do that. There is that. And then, that there. That. Uh, again, technically. I through that, and then I would do duplicate, get rid of this, which you don't even need anyway, but it's fine. Get rid of that. For this, I would do, I would literally just do, just again, because if you want to do a magic, how to ever come back and can't sell a low ticket, but you've already got in there. And then that goes straight into that,  up. That goes straight into that. And then, obviously, the not working is just the low ticket, like,  off.
Torin McGlynn: Not the low ticket, or you could do it if wanted to.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cookbook, get out of here. We'll draw that to me now, but like. it. And then all you'd want to do is tag unqualified.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. Finish.
Kyle Musca: Unqualified.
Torin McGlynn: There you go.
Kyle Musca: I'm going to connect that just yet.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, you don't even need to save it. Just leave it as a draft and I'll jump in.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Cool. So that's all sort of for you to just, yeah, basically go change all those ones up to that.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, cool. Now I'll my hookbook thing.
Kyle Musca: Yep. Beautiful. Anything else you want to touch base on there?
Torin McGlynn: Nope. Not at all.
Kyle Musca: That's fine. Yep. Beautiful. So, yeah, I would chalk it up, like, have you tried doing a hard CCA on your story with just that?
Torin McGlynn: With just the Transform?
Kyle Musca: Transform. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I did it yesterday. Yeah. Anyway, no bites whatsoever, which is really surprising.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I'd say it's probably just, you need to tell a bit more of a story. So when you see this guy do it, he does it really, really well. He's obviously being pretty quiet on his Instagram right now. Try to do it in three parts.
Torin McGlynn: Right now it's like transformations I just added, and then I just added at very end of it, like ready to action. And I have like that graphic that I have on my story.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, try to like, you know, I've worked with over 800 women in their 40s. I've worked with over 800 women in their 40s to help them cut fat and maneuver menopause. And here's what most women get wrong. And that's story. Story 2, and then it's like, cool. Maybe something to do with food, maybe it's you out drinking a wine, something like that. Issue number one, they try and diet like they're in their 20s. You know what mean? So it's like, what's wrong? This is actually really cool because this goes off Russell Brunson's Perfect Webinar sort of framework where it's kind of like a very miniature condensed version where it's break belief and then like kind of educate and then offer your coaching as the solution, right? So women try, you know, they're trying to be like a woman in her 20s. You've got kids, you've got responsibilities, and they need something simple and easy to stick with, right? Yeah. Two, whatever the , three, whatever the . And then on the third slide is like, maybe that's when you even use a transformation. That's exactly what we did with Janet, who, you know, that's exactly what Janet was doing. And before she came to me, 12 weeks later, she had dropped eight. Eight kilos and she's feeling better than she felt in her thirties.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Because I don't have many transformations of women that are that old. They always say, no, I don't want you using my photos. And I just started with this demograph, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So it's like, I mean, you don't have to use a transformation or something. Like, that's exactly what I work with the women that join, you know, my coaching program. And the result is they can drop. And the result is they drop eight kilos in 12 weeks, improve their relationship with food, and most importantly, know how to manage it so they never struggle with it again. If you want to, if you want me to help you do the same, DM me transform and I'll show you what we do.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And tell a bit of a story.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Makes sense. It's probably not even our most important thing because I'm getting so many leads anyway.
Kyle Musca: No, but to be fair, I would kind of like argue. That almost, because those ones will be your high intent. Yeah, that's a direct offer. It's talking about coaching. It's not like a lead magnet where you have to kind of convert them into a sale, right? It's just like they're already interested in what you have to offer.
Torin McGlynn: Okay. So when you're doing yours, you said that you do kind of a storytelling one every Tuesday or something. Do you have like almost a flow that you just kind of change the name of a little bit every month, every Tuesday or something?
Kyle Musca: Not really. Like the cool thing about the ads is it's like just a lot lazier. But like, you know, if I was going to rely on organic, like I would sit down, like you can use ChatGPT and stuff. Like, you know, I might even build out of what does this. But like, you know, I want to just say I want to tell a story and then like the idea here is to tell a story, but then also like make the solution my coaching. Program, right? So they message through. My demographic is this. And then you can even put the target audience that you've sent me, that file. Tell me, like, you know, give me a story. And then just reword it. Because, like, I mean, people, especially women in their 40s and 50s won't know. But you can tell when something's ChatGVT written.
Torin McGlynn: Oh, yeah, I can, for sure.
Kyle Musca: And that's, you know, ChatGVT is great for structure and ideas, but it's not great for creativity.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Yeah, I'll get on that. I suppose the absolute number one thing for me to do off this call with you is get a, I'll send you three graphics with a coach. Because all this kind of stuff is, like, added on to my workload, you know? By now I need to remove the workload so then I can create more work for not me.
Kyle Musca: Exactly. Because you don't really need to work. You probably couldn't even really take many more calls and clients. Like, you could take more clients and everything like that. Don't me wrong. But it's like, yeah. Yeah.
Torin McGlynn: I reckon around 10 more, maybe 15.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, which means we have a week, maximum two weeks before you, you know. Oh, yeah.
Torin McGlynn: What I did this week, all sales this week were 3K. I didn't know. I wasn't even that bothered with downsells because I was like, it's not even actually that worth it for me right now.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So, again, it's a good spot to be at because you're in really high demand and you got really low supply. So, cool. Well, yeah, that's all that. I really want to talk about the Black Friday stuff, right? So, I think we definitely should do an offer. Do you want to keep it organic? Well, again, like, that's the other thing. We could do a Black Friday offer, but we don't even really need to because, again, you need a coach.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's it. That's the thing. That's the thing. That's the thing I thought about. was talking about this to Sage and he was like, do you even need to do this? That's the for your supply? Yeah. Ah, . Maybe not. Like, if I had a coach, I'd be like, yeah, let's do it. If I could sign 40 clients a week.
Kyle Musca: Fantastic. That's the, yeah, so that's the issue there, because it's like, we could do a Black Friday where, you know, ideally what, like what I'm running, for example, is giving them an extra month on top of what the program is free. But it's like, then you'd just be giving an extra month away for no reason, because you're already getting a good amount of onboarding.
Torin McGlynn: Talk to me about onboarding a coach then, because if I'm doing that this week, we're going to spend, like, a couple hundred dollars, whatever it is, on an ad. Talk to me about, should I create, like, a video of exactly how I do things, like a Loom video of, like, this is how you set up a client.
Kyle Musca: Should I do that now in the next couple of days? Yeah, anything you do for a client, especially things like, basically everything you do, just record so that they can come back to you on and then create a, again, this is where Notion's great, because you can just add them to it, like, hey, here's the tab. If you need anything, it's in here.
Torin McGlynn: This is an SOP.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, literally. But anything you do, just record it. So it's like, you know, now or in the future, you've already got it done. And then just get on the phone with them as well. Like get them, you know, run them through the system, kind of show them in person. Like this is how you do it. Any questions on that? Cool. And then it's really not that difficult, to be honest, to onboard them. Just get them to sign the contract, start repeating on clients, and just make it very known to them. Like if you have any questions, just like let me know. Like I don't want to micromanage you and everything like that, but like, you if have any questions, by all means, let me know.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, I know when I started as a coach on to who I head coach for, not really anymore, I told them that I can't really do it anymore. We did like daily calls for the first week.
Kyle Musca: And if you feel like you need to do that, like absolutely.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I don't think that'd be a problem. Can you send me just something like actually on top of this? Can you send me like a template for the contract? Help me with that. So then. When we put up this ad, I'm like, ready to rock. Let's do this. That's my number one priority. Thank you.
Kyle Musca: Absolutely. Yeah, so it should be this one. All you need to do is just chuck in the chat, GPT, say reword it for my company name, me and my company name with dates. And obviously read through it and everything to make sure that you're happy with them all. Yeah, that, that should. Yeah, I'm pretty sure I only edited this not too long ago.
Torin McGlynn: So that, that tells them that you can't take my clients, you can't.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. That's the 8th of August, so not that one.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's fine. Yeah, I'm good with that. If I can make all that ready, like, part of me is like, okay, I got to onboard a coach, but like, that's going to take some work, and I don't really know what exactly it entails. I know I've done it before, I've onboarded coaches, but for someone else's business. So I just need to make sure that I have the right contracts, I've got all that sorted. We can sign that, and then I onboard them with some SOPs. This is how you do a check-in, this is you do a game plan, this is how you do a Loom video, here's three recordings of this, et cetera, et cetera.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, for six months following the interminations agreement, neither party shall solicit or employ any staff contract to the other party. We're involved in providing and receiving services without prior written consent.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, that's fine. As long as we have it so they can't steal all my clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. So yeah, just read through all that. Obviously, I would just put into chat GPT, say, give me all the things you need to make this, you know, personal to me for a contract I'm writing for my coach. And then I'll like give you a list and you just fill it out and then I'll go write it for you.
Torin McGlynn: Cool. Done.
Kyle Musca: Any other questions, anything you want to run through at all?
Torin McGlynn: No, I think the biggest discovery of this call is just double down. I coach, do SOPs in my next few days.
Kyle Musca: Sorry, on the flip side of that, man, like if you get a coach on board and, you know, hopefully they've got some experience and stuff like that prior and they're not, you know, sped, then it's like, that's a great time to run a Black Friday sale. That's a great time to run a December, you know, New Year's challenge type thing and try and just like get them filled out.
Torin McGlynn: Do think I should pause anything? Like, should I take a, I guess? Break off of actually trying to get clients for like a week?
Kyle Musca: Um, no, not necessarily.
Torin McGlynn: Or maybe I should just, every sales call I get onto, just like push 3K if they're not going to sign 3K, then I'm just like, nah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just, I mean, just push the urgency. Like, you've got honest urgency. You've got honest scarcity. I mean, I could only take on six more clients, absolutely max. And I have another eight calls this week.
Torin McGlynn: So, yeah, I suppose it would be easy. I'm to just say no to them as well, for my sake. Obviously, I want to close everyone, maybe close the right, we'll go down a little bit, because I'm selling something more expensive, but I'm of okay with that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. So, I mean, like, you've just got honest. Yeah, honest scarcity is a hard thing to beat, because it's like, well, you I'd love to help you in everything like that, but like, you know, obviously, the reason I am, you know, that price is because I work with all my clients very personally. You can go to, you know, some influencer or another coach and just get passed on to a junior coach, and, you you might not even hear from them week on week, but I work with all my clients, just one-to-one. It's just me and them. And, you know, a lot of people want to work with me, so I just don't have much supply to be able to give.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, similar, that's a similar script that I've been using for that 3K USD today, because she was shell-shocked it was me. I was like, yeah, I actually work with you one-on-one. Me, not someone else. Like, a lot of businesses will do, so you can go and find one where you'll need to. So maybe three months, make no results, and then you'd come back to me. I'm okay with that. You can come back. And she, like, found that very funny. And then I was like, okay. Then she's like, I actually want to be working with you. love your personality. And so, yeah, maybe that's the, if you get out of the frame of, like, going downselling, just no for now, and then I can go into downselling when I actually hire a coach.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And, and, and like, and then just on that, and just between you and me, and like, you know, once I hit that sort of ceiling, I'm probably, I'm going to increase my rates even further from that. So if you do come back in about three months, not only have lost three months, but you're going to, unfortunately, have to pay more.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah. Okay, cool. That's the, that's the absolute must do. All right.
Kyle Musca: Appreciate you, bro.
Torin McGlynn: I will speak to you about any questions I have about onboarding this coach. I'll send you those graphics today. I'm going to make that an absolute need. If we could run that ad this weekend, if you're, do you not work on Sundays? Do I show it? what's the day that you, I just want to your boundaries.
Kyle Musca: I'll try and step back a little bit. But that's okay. Cause I got my ads guy. You can just throw it up. He does all the tedious work. If actually.
Torin McGlynn: Yeah, no worries, no worries. As long as we can get that done, I can spend next week on some interviews and just spend it with clients and then the sales calls I get, I'll just make sure they're high ticket if I close them. And yeah, man, we'll go from there.
Kyle Musca: Yep, beautiful, man. All right, cool. If you need anything from me, just sing out. All right, appreciate it, man. I'll speak to you soon. Legend. Cheers, bro. Bye. Yeah, bye-bye.


>>> 244/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-07T05:49:04Z | id:99931703
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Sage Damsma: Good, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good. Good, how's things?
Sage Damsma: Good, bro. Just getting on the walkout. I finished the steps off.
Kyle Musca: Nice.
Sage Damsma: You're shredded, bro.
Kyle Musca: What was that, sorry?
Sage Damsma: Trying to get shredded, bro.
Kyle Musca: Sick, bro.
Sage Damsma: Has been home? All good now?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good, man. I've really had a break, to be honest with you. I'm sweating this week, so I  don't want to run around for that. And then I'm sort of like on the verge of being sick, but I'm not quite sick.
Sage Damsma: Feel like , but not quite sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So that'll be good after this week, I reckon, but I'll sit down a bit. Cool, man. Well, we're writing things, bro. How's this week been going overall?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, not bad. I've just ticked over 10 for the week. Oh, yeah. Yeah, nice. I think on the form, I put nine, but I had some more recurrings come through. 10.3.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful.
Sage Damsma: A lot of recurring new guys. think I've got like six sign-ups, but nothing really, no like chunks. It's a lot of like weeklies and just recurring for the next 12 to 16 weeks.
Kyle Musca: For the sign-ups? Like the new clients?
Sage Damsma: The new guys are all like on lower tiers, like weeklies and .
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Sage Damsma: One girl's paying $500 tomorrow. She put down $125 on the call. And then she said she gets paid cash. So she's going to put cash in the bank and pay the remainder of the deposit tomorrow.
Kyle Musca: I don't I mean... Recurring's, like, not that bad, you know. Yeah, I'm not complaining. Through this period, especially. Through this period, especially.
Sage Damsma: The only thing I'm worried about is, like, Christmas week and , if they're all going to have no  money in their account.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I've got an idea for this as well. We'll talk about that in this session.
Sage Damsma: Calls were through the roof this week, though.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, 20 calls, man. That's huge. I think that's probably the biggest week you've had.
Sage Damsma: I think I had one that week. did, like, 17.5K.
Kyle Musca: had, like, 24 calls. Yeah, okay. Yeah, 20. Yeah, was the biggest week in a long time.
Sage Damsma: Calls take it to 12, so have you got more to go, or did, like, eight just not show up? I've got one tonight. And then quite a few of them had rescheduled for next week, so I've already got, like, Monday's got a couple on, Tuesday's got a few, Wednesday's got a Just a couple of race schedules.
Kyle Musca: schedules. Yeah, okay.
Sage Damsma: And then a couple of cancels or no-shows as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Do you send it to your VA and just say, hey, this person didn't show up, can you reschedule?
Sage Damsma: These people have messaged me prior to the call and said, hey, something's come up, can I just move it till Monday, or they'll just do it through the Calendly automation.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. But I'm talking about the people that just don't show up.
Sage Damsma: Oh, they don't, they're no-shows. Yeah, I usually get her to send them a message or I'll send them a message as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I Okay.
Sage Damsma: And then if they- Sometimes I reply.
Kyle Musca: If they do rebook, I would just say like, hey, yeah, I find people that usually reschedule, word it properly, but basically say like people that usually reschedule can have a tendency to not show up a second time. I schedule my whole day around. around. Um, the, you I scheduled my whole day around it to make sure that I can make it. Um, we'd be able to absolutely make that time.
Sage Damsma: Yep. Yep. So easy.
Kyle Musca: Um, cool. So six new clients signed. Um, is that six like actual coaching clients and then some like low ticket on the 39 a week or?
Sage Damsma: That is. Let check. I just had one re-sign as well. That doesn't, I didn't add that though. Um, So that's five actual clients and one on a low tier.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Okay. With your re-sign process, what do you do there? You just jump on a call with them and stuff and.
Sage Damsma: I just say, you're going to sign or not, . No. Um, I have like that roadmap thing. I've changed. There is. Everything on it to suit my branding. So I do like around that eight to 10 week mark I've been finding is pretty good because they're just, they're like getting good results by that point. And they got good momentum. So that's when I book a call with them and I just kind of run through a bit more detail, almost like a check-in call, but a bit more in depth and then give them the game plan moving forward.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. And then at the end, just kind of present to them like, do you want to keep going?
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Just kind of like, like kind of not like a hard pitch, but like a softer pitch and then just kind of see where they're at. Um, and if they're just like, oh, money and blah, blah, blah, then I'll just kind of downsell them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Okay. Fair. What you might want to do as well is try at the three week mark after they sign up.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cause it's like, someone signs up to three, but they realistically need six months, um, you know, by that time they've seen that you guys deliver a good quality service. They're feeling, you know, like confident with it. Um, they've probably already experienced a bit of a win already so that, you know. On an emotional line. And then you're going to bring up the roadmap and be like, you know, realistically, it's going to take us about  five months to get to our ultimate goal. And then we want to reverse diet out of that. So it's really going to take us about six months or so to do this whole process. You can do a normal check and call kind of thing, but do that and then be like, well, and then soft pitch. And then depending on how you want to do it, and it really depends on the, like the proper margins and everything like that. You could be like, well, if you want to just keep going, we can just, you know, instead of like paying anything extra or anything like that, I can just keep you on the current rate.
Sage Damsma: We can just keep going and just go for six months if that's what you want.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Because if they're on a three month, that would actually be higher. Like that actually be paying more.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, can give that a go on these new goals that have come through.
Kyle Musca: Or you could even say like, well, I mean, it would actually be not a bad idea. Like, I could actually reduce your rate by, like, $20 a week, and we could just go for the six-month option if that's what you want.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, true. And I'll do the quick maths and see how it works out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, because it's like, whoa, it'd be $166 down to, oh, .
Sage Damsma: Well, that actually, yeah, that works out to be pretty much the exact same as what my, because I think the six-month's $145 a week.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it is. And then the three-months would be $166 a week. So I like, I could do, maybe give them, like, a slight reduction, because they would have paid, they wouldn't be paying $166 a week.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I think I have, like, one person on that weekly, the rest of them do the chunks.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So you'd have to sit down and, like, look what that is. Maybe it is just, like, we can just continue on the same, right? There's no re-signing fee or anything. Like, that would just continue on the same, right?
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You could also say, like, yeah, yeah, no, that would be fine, I reckon, just, yeah. As long as you frame it as, like, yeah, they don't have to pay anything extra and you're doing that in a solid.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, of course, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Cool's being booked, routine, Black Friday preparation, beautiful. Depending on it, how do you feel, because do you script your organic content?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it's, like, briefly scripted through, like, chat and, like, some prompts and , and then I just kind of throw my own thing in there. I don't fully script it word by word.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, depending on, because you've done a lot of, like, videos and you've done ads and stuff now, I mean, I might even recommend try, obviously, do the scripted Black Friday ads, but then maybe even do some, like, non-scripted ones and just  holding the phone or something. Hey.
Sage Damsma: Like some like holding the phone like this, like a vlog type ad.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you could do that. But like, for example, I was just like the other day, was like, I'm just going to, you know, maybe even you pull up a  couple of videos and just like kind of get a bit of a guideline for it. But like, I, I'll just  show you. That'd probably be the easiest route.
Sage Damsma: That run guy's not bad at all, eh?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, it runs a G. But I sat down and just like, all of these, I did not have script. I just sat down and I was like,  it. I'm just going to, like, I know the structure of a script. Problem, agitation, solution, action. So I was just like... One of the biggest myths in the fitness industry is that you can't cut fat and build muscle at the same time. Because if that was the case, then it wouldn't make sense. That's pretty much what every single guy that comes through a leap of performance does. Take Pat, for example, who only lost four kilos, but looks like he's stacked on ten. Wider across the shoulders, bigger chest, a swimmer waist, and his arms look like they're doubled in size. Then you take Matt. Yeah, I was continuing to say, like, , just no script, just  winging it. um, and that actually came out pretty good. was, like, pretty happy with him. So the point I'm trying to make there is, like, if you can do it without scripting, um, then you'd be able to do a lot more volume.
Sage Damsma: Mm, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The other thing there is, like, everyone's scripting now, and they're all using ChatGPT. So I was like, if you can just do it in your own tone, your own way, follow those structures that obviously work. Like, the structure itself works. Um, then it's like you can then just be separated from, I guess, the, the herd, right? Because, you know. Yep. I don't think he's... Exact same  ad that, you know, you see every do, do, do. And then, like, have a pair of the scripting, and obviously they're not scripting.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Just try it out, see if it works, see if it's for you, if not.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, give it a go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I did that with Bourne the other day. That's right, tough. It's going to  film, whatever. So we'll see how it comes out, but cool. Coming back into this. More leads, more calls. I did notice, like, last week, across pretty much everyone's account, people were just in a  weird mindset. Like, I think just probably end of the month, people getting lazy, they don't want to start anything. And it's like, okay, November's here, then they want to start, which kind of, like, makes sense of the influx. Yeah. And I've experienced that for myself and a couple of other accounts as well this week, including yours. Organic, six, beautiful. Oh, the other thing about the, yeah, what I was going to say about the scripting. That's right. Is, I told you about how Meta's algorithm has changed to the updated Andromeda?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, but it's more based on, like, volume than anything.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but, yeah, so volume, but it's also the angle of, it's also the angle of the creative, so, and that's why volume is so important. So it's going to try and figure out, like, if we're trying to target people interested in fitness, obviously, there's so many different people that are interested in fitness. There's people that are trying to lose weight. There's people that are trying to clear their skin up. There's people that are trying to, you know, get better at their sport, for example, right? So it's going to try those different angles, and that's why more creatives work is because it can, like, test out more to find the right audience of who it should be using. So I think just, like, do the scripted, but if you can do more on top of that, then fantastic. Yeah, cool. Um, and the even other thing as well, like, with the Black Friday one, you definitely could do And the really important thing here is it has to be under like, what's the story, like a minute?
Sage Damsma: Max, I think like a minute, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The ad stories might even be less than that.
Sage Damsma: Is that for videos?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Is it a minute or is it up to three now? Because I swear they always increase it when updates come out.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, says, yeah, ads, ad story ads go up to 15 minutes.
Sage Damsma: Oh, .
Kyle Musca: But if your video is longer, Instagram automatically cuts into 15 second segments. So what you could do there, just to pair it up with your Black Friday sale, is just like, ladies, I've just launched a, you know, just hold the phone. Ladies, I've just launched my brand new Black Friday sale, yada, yada, yada. Do, you know, still promote it, but like, it's more of like, just a, it looks like an organic story.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Um... Um...
Sage Damsma: Not so ad-y.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Like if you were, and you can literally do this, just, and that's probably a good way to go about it, is go onto your Instagram story and just genuinely just announce the promotion of it and then just see what is used as that.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Like if want to gain access to it, deem the word Black Friday. Oh, if you want to learn a little bit more about what's involved, deem the word Black Friday and I'll run you through it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Just like short and sweet, keep it like 10 to 15 seconds.
Kyle Musca: Try a few, you know what I mean? Yeah. You know, ladies, I just launched my brand new Black Friday sale. If you've been waiting for the new year to, you know, finally cut that 10 kilos of fat, finally, you know, feel confident wearing a bikini to the beach, this is literally perfect for you. I'm going to give you a full month of coaching, absolutely free. So it's going to carry you through December and it means that you're already a month ahead and you can walk into January, very, or or you you feel Feeling your happiest, healthiest self. If you want know a bit more about what's involved, just deem me the word Black Friday, and I'll run you through it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Easy.
Kyle Musca: But again, do like five of them. Do some longer, some shorter.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Just being active on IG and stories, more content. Have we spoken about the organic sort of CTAs and stuff you can do?
Sage Damsma: I did jot it down, I think, last week. It's refresh me.
Kyle Musca: Do you use Notion or anything to remind you?
Sage Damsma: No, I don't use Notion for reminders, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: I just use it for like templates and . You should definitely use it as like a to-do list.
Sage Damsma: Go ahead.
Kyle Musca: But that's, so for example, like on my Notion, and mine's, you know, I was, again, pushing coaching still more organically. Then I would make this a little, to be honest, but it's a weekly CTA. it's like every, you know, Monday I do that hard organic CTA story. If you want to kill us, DM me a  CTA. And then maybe Tuesday, like do a questionnaire, you know, try and questionnaires work great because it's like one, you can like then show your coaching value and form a bit of a relationship with your followers and stuff like that.
Sage Damsma: Right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, again, it has to be consistent. Like, you week one, they might not, you know, interact too much. Week two, they interact a little bit more. Week three, they interact a little bit more. Cool thing about that is you can, one, reply on your story to educate and provide that value. But you can also message them straight off the back end and it's a nice personalized response. And then your DM said it can take over from there, essentially. You Thursday, you make a social proof. of week. Um, that's Similar to the normal CTA at the start of the week, but obviously just more around the transformation. Yeah. And then maybe on Friday, you do a story poll or a sticker tap or something like that. Like, do you want my ultimate, because you've got like an eat-out cheat sheet or something, don't you?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, the takeaway guide.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, do you want my ultimate takeaway guide cheat sheet? And then as a poll, yes, hell yes.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Click the poll below and I'll say the 3D.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Man.
Sage Damsma: That's crazy. Yeah, I've been doing this week was kind of a similar thing. Like, Monday was CTA, Tuesday was a question. I had like, my story was like  so small, so there that many replies. That's good. And then Wednesday was something, it was just like free value type . Thursday, social proof. And then today was like the, just me. Yapping a bit, then some Black Friday type stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I that's good, man. Like, yeah, just keep that consistent. I remember Adam got really good at the story CTAs. Not that we did, but like specifically the questionnaires.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then like, again, that's a big one with consistency because like then people actually start to, they feel like you're their mate, you know what mean?
Sage Damsma: Because they can actually contact you through that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So yeah, beautiful.
Sage Damsma: It's good for the boys because like the girls probably get a bit scared to say something first, but a lot of the guys, they'll just like send it or we just start a combo and then like they end up signing up down the line.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that's the thing as well. Like this stuff, like, yeah, we're trying to get some like sales out of it. We're always trying to get some sales out of it. But it's like, we're also just genuinely trying to build a relationship and build an interaction and actually like stand out from all the other people that are posting content and doing that  on online. Because it's like, you know, they're constantly seeing you. They're constantly seeing Brad post fitness content, and they're kind of, they could go either way, but it's like, well, you know, Sage actually replies to my, like, stories when I, like, put the question boxes in and, like, you know, interact with him, and we've chatted a few times back and forth.
Sage Damsma: Who's he going to go with? Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Brad. You every day of the week of Brad. Brad.
Sage Damsma: Brad. I hate that guy.
Kyle Musca: Um, so yeah, like, and again, like, 17% of the total market, man, like the, the total, you know, I guess it follows that are interested in fitness. They're in an information gathering stage where they're not ready to buy. They're still a few weeks, a few months out from buying. So it's like, all that stuff just helps to nurture them. And then maybe one day your ad pops up and you're like, you know, I've been following for ages.
Sage Damsma: Like, you've been great. You give me heaps of value. And like, I just thought, why not now? Yeah. Yeah. Right.
Kyle Musca: um, but again, those you just need to be really consistent with.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But even do some other stuff, like get creative with it as well. First of all, it doesn't have to be one story. And if anything, I'd probably recommend doing it across two or three stories so you can tell a bit of a story. Yeah. But also do something like creative . Like, you know, I'm giving a, do one story about , this is what people usually get wrong with nutrition. This is how to fix it. For the first hit, maybe even your calendar link, right? First three people that book in here, I'm going to give a free nutrition audit.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Or first three people to tap the stick, I'm going to give a free 10-minute nutrition audit.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Story after that, spots are gone, better luck next time. Yeah. Spots are gone, I'm going to do this again next week on Friday. Make sure you don't miss out. Stay tuned, yeah. Yeah, stuff like that. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, cool.
Kyle Musca: Come on, back to this. Restarting existing class building more recurring revenue. One's beautiful, not a bad week, some  leads on calls. Did you read through the  leads?
Sage Damsma: Did I what, sorry?
Kyle Musca: Read through the  leads?
Sage Damsma: Like the conversations?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, out of those 20, some of them I cancelled myself.
Kyle Musca: I was just like, I'm not doing that. Yeah, so like...
Sage Damsma: This one chick was like, oh yeah, I can invest like 90 bucks a week, which is like my lowest, like my lowest tier. And I was like, scrolled up a bit further, and I said, single mom, not working. I was like, you can't invest 90 a week. You're lying to yourself.
Kyle Musca: I would just like sell by chat.
Sage Damsma: If that's the case. just sell by the DM.
Kyle Musca: Just, yeah. I mean, there's no point in just fully cancelling. Yeah. Just straight into sell by chat.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, usually if they answer like that, then I'll just carry a combo in there.
Kyle Musca: I don't bother doing the call. It's honestly a waste of time for me. Well, I have your money chat. I think I'll do, don't I? Maybe I'll do. I'll give call to people's money chats now.
Sage Damsma: Like my actual main chat?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Can you send that to me?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, what do I have to send you?
Kyle Musca: You just send it, like you go to add team and then you just send me a link and I can just join straight from there.
Sage Damsma: Oh, sick.
Kyle Musca: But like, I've changed my, because it depends on your, because you're still using the age qualifier, right?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: So depending on the ratios, like if you're getting quite a lot of underage girls and people, then unfortunately you can't really change it. But the cap is should have helped that massively. But I changed it to a job qualifier. Initially, I was like, I don't want do that. Well, I haven't done it for ages because I was like, don't want it to affect conversion.
Sage Damsma: But man, like 96, almost 97% click through rate on that. Yeah, wow.
Kyle Musca: So like, it hasn't affected anything at all. Yeah. So they're working full time. It's like the conversion API is attached to that. We want to find more people like that. Yeah. And obviously, they're now a more filtered lead. So... started. If they're a student apprentice, I just told my, and I've got the script for this, if there's something you want to do as well, I just told the DMs that it's just do a sell-by chat for a low ticket at $19 a week.
Sage Damsma: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Because they're the biggest waste of  time. And then not working is just like, here's a people, get out of here.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yep.
Kyle Musca: Cool, makes sense?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, perfect. I'll send that link after the call.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, beautiful. And then I'll, I'll screen show this and send it to you, but it actually, it really depends on your, your ratio of underage versus qualified.
Sage Damsma: Yep.
Kyle Musca: Whoa.
Sage Damsma: Sound a bit crook. Yeah. You're getting there. It's like, kind of. That's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, kind of go better, but not really at the same time.
Sage Damsma: And I woke up yesterday, because I was like, holy .
Kyle Musca: was
Sage Damsma: Yeah,  that .
Kyle Musca: Cool. Yeah. Close five clients, yeah, build towards $4,000 to $6,000 a month, yeah. Better lead, call it a DM. Like, do you mean quality or qualifying? Qualifying. Yeah, okay, yeah. That's just the communication thing with the VA at that point.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Kyle Musca: I'd say I have a quick chat to her about it. Yeah, and then I would just, like, every time you see something, just screenshot it, send it to a screenshot, send it to a screenshot, send send it to a a then also, you know, sometimes maybe, like, say, like, hey, just want to say you're doing a fantastic job, really happy with you.
Sage Damsma: Just always give her . This is why I pay you $14.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. She probably went, like, fine.
Sage Damsma: Oh, . Oh, .
Kyle Musca: Thoughts on getting... Yeah, so we could definitely get GoHalo. We could definitely get it if it's something you wanted.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I'm happy to do that. I was talking with Jesse about today, and he just said, by the time you cancel, like, Calendly, Typeform, and everything, it pretty much works out, saving money.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I wouldn't cancel Typeform and stuff. I mean, well, to be fair, I mean, it might have good form features. I just haven't  around with it that much, to be honest. But yeah, like, it's an all-in-one system. It's funny that Jesse's actually saying that's pretty good now, because, like, when he first had it, he was like, what the  is  hated it. It does look confusing, though. Like, I was the same.
Sage Damsma: I pushed it off for ages, because I, like, looked at it, and I was like, bro, what the  is this?
Kyle Musca: A lot. But, like, the 90% of the stuff, you just don't even end up using. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: I was just like, I'd honestly just pay someone to set it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I mean, even that. Well, I've got Shelly.
Sage Damsma: Shelly can do it for you.
Kyle Musca: There's 11,000 records in here. hell. I didn't even try and grow my  email with this, to be honest. Not all of these would have actual contact details, though. Yeah. Cool. That might be something worth getting into for you, though, is like starting to... I mean, I wouldn't do this until after the new year, and we can get through this period. This is probably something we will work on, we'll definitely work on in the new year, is put the direct marketing stuff down now. Like, you're getting that to, you know, 60K consecutively every month, which is fantastic. Now, I reckon we throw in some, like, lead mag generation stuff. We start building up your emailing list. One for help us retarget on Meta for ads. But also, like, you can, you know... Again, if I was still, you know, trying to grow the coaching business, then I would probably just create a chat... GPTBot, and there's  like, you know, every single day, you just send out a new email, and you can do it through this, because you can just like taggle them, and just like, email,  copy it, sent, you're good.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Again, like, email marketing, the thing about email marketing is it's like, one of those, I guess like, silent killers in a way, like, not everyone, no one really does it, right? And no one really should do it, because like, you need, if you've got 100 people on your email, and this is like, well, that's just not going to  work. But if you can do that over time, and give people free , that they can like, consume, and then come back to you later, then it kind of works out, you know, as a double win for you. Because then you've got kind of like a direct line to people that other people aren't tapping into. The other thing is, don't have to worry about, like, you know, if Meta changed all its algorithms, like, it's just  done, then it's like, we're at the mercy of that. Whereas email, it's just, again, a direct line. So it's like you can always contact them. You can always  reach them, all that stuff. And it's meant to have the best return. I think on average or something like that, for every dollar you put into email marketing, you get like $42 back or something like that. hell. So it's like, it's a slow burn. It's a, don't get me wrong, it's a slow burner, but I think we've got your direct marketing thing in place now. We can keep pushing that for sure. But it's like, now let's just add something easy on the side as well.
Sage Damsma: Hmm. Yep. I see like, um, Alex Gamble and like Cohen and all them boys do it.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Cause I've got like their lead magnet to see what it looked like. And now I'm obviously in their, in their system.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. So. Yeah. Just want to think that.
Sage Damsma: Yep. Do you, do you, do do you.
Kyle Musca: See their emails, like, actually pop up?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah, it's in my inbox.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Sage Damsma: Obviously, I'm not looking for a coach or interested in it. So sometimes I'll have a quick flick and see what they're putting in there. But, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. See, that's, well, that's the thing, man. There's a lot of people, like, I don't know about you. I'm  awful with my emails. I don't check that  at all.
Sage Damsma: I check mine every day.
Kyle Musca: Do Yeah, I get, like, heaps of  comes through, though. Yeah, so it's, like, most people, especially people that work desk jobs and , they probably are checking their emails every day. And, yeah, well, most people, or they just don't get that many emails in general. So it's, like, when yours comes through, it actually does pop up.
Sage Damsma: You get a bit of a snippy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, they can maybe tell a bit of a story and  like that. Yeah. Now, again, it's not the hill I would die on, you know, straight off the  bat. But. hill die I
Sage Damsma: In time, if you can build it up and you can grow it, then it's like, yeah, more just like collecting emails for the meantime and then start doing it down the line.
Kyle Musca: I mean, there's nothing stopping you. Again, we won't focus on this until the New Year's, no real point.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But there's nothing stopping you from like when we, you know, do it. You might not have a huge emailing list, but that's the perfect time to test out and get it to the routine of just chat GPT, write an email on this. Again, get a project so it actually writes the email  properly instead of just some like boring shithouse email that's just AI generated from the get-go. And then, yeah, probably it was like a two-minute job a day, you know what mean? Yeah. And then what we'd probably do at that point is like get an emailing secret. So once someone actually subscribes to it, there's like a certain period of time where It's like, so one, you've got the soap opera sequence, which is like a five-day emailing, sort of like every day is a new one, where it's like value, value, value, then offer. And then that would go into sort of like an evergreen thing. So it's like if you were doing it daily, then they get the daily emails from that point on.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so GoHelo is pretty easy. We can just grab a count. We can set that up. The majority of the setup is fine. It's just like getting a phone number, but the Australian phone number should be fairly easy to get. It's just the American one that's a bit of a pain in the house.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So then once that's going, once Jen challenged stuff, cool, broke leads. A lot more leads this week. Had quite a few calls with leads from mutual clients.
Sage Damsma: Oh, like they weren't directly referrals, but they followed me from existing clients and their transformations and stuff.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Sage Damsma: So then just a kind of started convo along. One girl actually reached out to me, but they're like, there was two girls, one wants to start in three weeks, the other one wants to start. We got a call book for Wednesday, but she's giving me verbal and DM confirmation that she's doing it. But I knew her personally for years, so I think she'd be good to go.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick.
Sage Damsma: Did a good job too, so.
Kyle Musca: Maybe more content where I can. Okay, cool. Yeah, beautiful. Okay. You've got quite a lot of client transformations, don't you?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I've just been kind of putting them together recently because sometimes, like Harry and Kawhi doing the coaching, I don't even check. And then we do a call and I'm running through that thing. I'm like, holy , they look sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so every single week I'd message my coaches and say, give me a list of all client transformations.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So I would do that. That's a weekly reminder for me. And then I post. So what I would do, man, is like for more content, and I think this is probably a really, really good piece of content for you to do, because social proof is the most important, like the biggest driver of action, really. Like if you can just pump social proof, it's why Physique Factory's got such a huge  business. That guy doesn't post any content besides social proof. So what I would do is you can do more direct one. Like this is Rachel. Rachel lost eight kilos in 10 weeks, whatever. You can do it that way. Like I personally like the route of like coming from a value-driven angle, and then say, like, this is what I did with my client Rachel, and she was able to drop eight kilos in 10 weeks, and she's never felt better.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And if you can just do that, like, you could do like two or three of them a week, man, people will start thinking like, , man, every time I get on Instagram, Sage is just pumping into transformation.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, And just go backlog all the, you know, it doesn't have to be recent, go backlog all the clients that have ever had a great transformation and just  use it for that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if you could do that, you'd be . And all over it. Yeah. And I've gone through periods where I've been really on top of that. And you'll hear it on calls. Like, people will just be like, man, I just constantly see you, like, putting transformations up.
Sage Damsma: And I was just like, I've got to reach out. Yeah. That's good. I do see a few people do it. And when I watch it, I'm like, , that's good.
Kyle Musca: If you need an example of that, I've just got them pinned on my page.
Sage Damsma: I need to do more of them. Yeah. I got a call.
Kyle Musca: Too  busy. And honestly, you could add a CTA to them as well, because we could definitely run them as an ad.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Six.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful. Cool. Well, no. Is there any clarification you need with any of the Black Friday stuff or the challenge stuff?
Sage Damsma: No, it's pretty straightforward, but I just need to get the content done, really.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. Now, I was talking to, I've kind of formed this. It started with Jesse and everything because it was a good idea. And I kind of molded this a few different ways. So what I reckon you should look at doing, man, is whether it's with all clients or just getting your VA to go through and get clients that their contract ends, you know, before the end of January. And basically go and run an internal challenge. So it's like, if you're going to run an external challenge, run an internal challenge as well. Have them separate. So like if either one asks, it's like, no, the people inside can't win the same challenges. You're winning as two different prizes. And then, yeah, basically, I would do it off a point system. So obviously, you know, they get points for like doing standard things like check-ins and like adherence and like, you know, a grand. And like if you, if you get the best transformation, for example, you would like five. ,000 points, right?
Sage Damsma: Just really good.
Kyle Musca: But then the other, the majority of the points that they can get are from marketing your business. So it's like, you know, a story post is 50 points. If you post a reel or if you post like a feed post and tag us, that's 100 points. If you post a feed post, tag us, and add like a slight little, you know, testimonial about us, doesn't have to be the entire capture, but it'd just be like, thank you so much, you know, Sage and Rival Coaching. You're the best guys ever. That's 150 points.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? So it's just like, if you repost, it's 100 points or 50 points. You know what mean? So it's just like, because if you've got 100 clients, how many clients you got now?
Sage Damsma: Probably like active clients, maybe like 130, 150, somewhere around there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Let's say you had 130 on the conservative side and they're all  sharing to your story or sharing on that, you know, tagging you, yada, yada, yada.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. It's like you'd be, you'd grow from that alone. Yeah, I'll show you when that means if I send requests for that work, share my screen.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Then the only thing you'd have to do there is just make sure that your VA is checking it daily.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I've got this built for the main time. So I can add more , but it's got like five points for 100% here and story tag, feed, referrals, like 4x points. And then it's just got all the clients there.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick.
Sage Damsma: Is this like a monthly? And it'll auto-calculate the points too.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, sick. How, the only thing is how do you feed real tag mention? How do you like actually determine if they've done a story tag?
Sage Damsma: It goes into my inbox when they tag me.
Kyle Musca: Oh, you don't miss that?
Sage Damsma: Oh, even if the story's expired, it still says like tag you in a story.
Kyle Musca: Oh, okay.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Plus, I'm like  stupidly freak. I check Instagram every 10 minutes. Oh, okay. As soon as a lead comes in, I'm like, come here.
Kyle Musca: Okay, let me do it on top of it. I would, it's not the biggest thing in the world, but I would probably like ramp the points up.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: That sounds like a bigger number.
Sage Damsma: So it's like a story tag. More enticing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, story tag. Even 10 points or 50 points, you know.
Sage Damsma: mean, feed a real tag, 100 points. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But then like even do something like a , you know, if you do a full day of eating type video, maybe it's like 250 points or something big, you know what mean?
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If a referral sign up, you get 500 points because, yeah, you've already got it as a much higher thing. 500 points if you get a referral sign up.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Are you doing this monthly? What are you doing this for?
Sage Damsma: I was going to do... do... So I've still got to like map it out, but I was going to do something like a bit longer. So instead of it being like one month challenge, it's like, because I already do monthly challenges. So I'm going to do it a bit longer and then do like the paid flights to Bali or some .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's it. So that's what I would do for that. So like whatever your prize pool is, like I know Jesse's doing the paid flights to Bali and stuff, which is great idea because apparently it's only $1,000 for the whole thing. Um, then you kind of just go out and reach out to them again, depending on what you want to do, whether it's clients that are just  coming to the end of their term or, you know, everyone, but being like, Hey man, I'm running this Black Friday, um, sale, uh, externally. I thought, Oh, sorry, it's probably a female, but, uh, yeah, I thought it's only fair that I offer it for you as well. So essentially like if you were to stick around, uh, if you were to continue on, um, into, you know, the end of the challenge, which would be March. Then, you know, you can just continue on your current rate. Uh, you'd automatically. Be added into the challenge where there's over $8,000 of prizes to be won, including a free trip to Bali.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Now, you've just got to be careful about how you word it. You know what mean? You don't want to come across as like, if you agree to extend type thing, but it's like, if you want to stick around until the end of March, or if you want to continue on the end of March, then you'll, I'll automatically add you to that. you won't have to, you know, buy your way in.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then what I would just do is like, if you do use JotForm or Typeform or anything?
Sage Damsma: Typeform.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So do you have a contract in Typeform?
Sage Damsma: Like my payment thing?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Do you have a contract in Typeform? So, for example.
Sage Damsma: The only type one I've got at the moment moment... It's literally just like where clients submit their thing.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so I was talking to Torn about this, actually, and this is a good idea, so I've even implemented myself, is, where the  is it? Yeah. So when they sign up, I send this through to them, and it's like I call an accountability form.
Sage Damsma: Have you seen this before?
Kyle Musca: No. Yeah, so it's like, enter your name, your email, all the basic , address, so it's like if they do pull out and everything, you've got their address, you can send it to eclectors. And then like, you know, some accountability questions, you what's your main roadblocks, main health, goals, all that ? What are your promises you're making to yourself? And then like, here's really why I'm doing it. What program package you want? Gold, six months. Sign? Cool. But then at the bottom here, I've got this, it's condensed. That's actually the entire terms of education. So they're signing a literal contract with that. Yeah. Has all the terms laid out. So basically, you would just do that for, you if they do agree, fantastic, here's the challenge application form, man, can you just fill this out for me?
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? And then what happens there is, like, for that, it's an actual, like, signed document at that point. Yeah.
Sage Damsma: You can see here, down at the bottom, can, yeah, actually download the signed PDF. with that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then, like, for that, it's just my onboarding message is just, um, Hey, lads, wanted to introduce you to each other. Things to do before we rip in. Read through this accountability, fill in the info. Make sure to watch this, join our group chat.
Sage Damsma: Yep.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah.
Sage Damsma: All right, cool.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, man. Does that all make sense?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no, that's good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so. That's good. Any questions on any of at all?
Sage Damsma: No, I'm pretty sure. If I've written it all down, just so can come back to it.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, because.
Sage Damsma: Get the ball rolling, at least.
Kyle Musca: If we execute well on the Black Friday, and the way I would position the Black Friday, put it in the scripts, but, like, just so we're on the same page, and what sounded good to me, is, like, if you sign up for Black Friday, you get that extra month. So, it's like, if you were going to start in the new year, this is the perfect time to start now, because you're going to get that extra month anyway, which won't be available then. And then you'll auto get added to the challenge. I'm going to, don't tell anyone about this, but I'm going to run a challenge in January. So, I'll actually add you to that automatically, so you won't have to pay anything extra to join. And there's going to be $8,000 worth of prizes in that, including free trip to Bali, free trip to Gokko's, whatever your grant.
Sage Damsma: we'll started. Woo. Prizes. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what mean? Because that's a pretty  strong offer at that point, man.
Sage Damsma: Like, if someone was like, Yeah. Can't say no to that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, so, that's how I'm going to word it to the people I close.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Cool.
Kyle Musca: Take it off. Is there anything else you want to touch base on at all right?
Sage Damsma: No. Pretty good, to be honest. No, I'm pretty happy. Yeah. Just going to keep it going.
Kyle Musca: That's it, man. think, I mean, that's already performing well, man, so if we can get some Black Friday ones up in there and then, like, just keep pushing it. Ideally, we just need see how we go, but, like, ideally, we just want to  help it.
Sage Damsma: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah.
Sage Damsma: Go from 60 to 100K.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, ideally. Yeah, cool, man. That's pretty much all we want to focus on. don't want to throw anything else in the  spanner at the moment. No spanners.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, no. If I've got too much going on, I'll  get distracted.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I think from now to the end of the year, it's just, like, tick it off, know, tick each box off as it comes, and as long as we can do it on time, we should be good and we should just sail through.
Sage Damsma: Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Musca: Cool, bro. Yeah, anything else at all you want to run through, happy with all that?
Sage Damsma: Yeah, I'm good. When, are going back to Dubai from here you go straight to Canada?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Straight to Canada, but it still works out because it's like, I think 2pm over there, there's like 8am here, so I'll just do calls in the afternoon, and we'll just have to stop until morning time.
Sage Damsma: Yep, that's so easy, no stress. How long are you home for?
Kyle Musca: Until the 1st of December, so a little while still.
Sage Damsma: Oh, a few weeks, beautiful.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, we'll catch you easy.
Sage Damsma: That's sick. Yeah, didn't get a chance into the bug, I got  sick and then got sick.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I  got sick coming back, it's .
Sage Damsma: I think it's just the aircon, like 14 hours in the aircon, it  rocked me.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, that's probably the , and only one person needs to be sick on that stuff, and then you're all  as well.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, we had Jabba the Hutt on the whole plane, everyone was a fatty.
Kyle Musca: Oh, really?
Sage Damsma: I should have stood up and done like an announcement. Alright, guys, I can see we're out of shape, we can sign up.
Kyle Musca: I was about to pay  $300 for the extra 2 kilos, and you're kind of  me off.
Sage Damsma: Yeah, it's all good. I go to Bali, not next week, the week after.
Kyle Musca: All right, so I should be, the calls and stuff should be sweet. I'll be working most of the time anyways. Yeah, sick. Cool, bro. All right, well, if you're under any hiccups with any of that stuff, just let me know. Yeah. Let's see how it goes. Sounds good.
Sage Damsma: Pleasure, bro. Thanks for that. No worries. Enjoy the weekend. Sounds good. Later. Great, bye. Bye.


>>> 245/250 | Impromptu Zoom Meeting | 2025-11-07T07:13:52Z | id:99934544
People: Kyle Musca

Kyle Musca: This meeting is being recorded.
Josiah: Do you hear me all right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Josiah: Seeming pretty laggy. Been a pretty solid week. It's  flown by, bro. Absolutely flown by.
Kyle Musca: But... Yeah, so it should be fine. So we go. Yeah, you're moving now and stuff. should look all right now.
Josiah: Can you hear me? All good? Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah, sick man. Yeah, how's this week been?
Josiah: Been a solid week, brother. Yeah, pretty cruisy, but, you know, I haven't done much calls or anything. I've just been focusing on the content and what we talked about, but I've had five or six calls booked in and closed for four of them and potentially five. So I just booked another one for Monday. So, you know, good week of sales, like you close three or four clients in week, like you're laughing, right? Yeah. So.
Kyle Musca: 100%. Especially organic sales, you know what mean? Like, well, I guess Bach's not really organic, but if you can get them through Instagram, you'll find the sales pretty easy. Like if they're an organic Instagram sale, usually your close rate should be up around the 80% mark, to be honest with you. And as long as you're common in sales and, you know, closing for four. Or even four from five, it's pretty evident that the sales skills are there, which is good. And we'll continue to refine them as time goes on. I guess it's really important to have a look at where those calls actually came from, where those clients came from. So out of the, I guess, six calls total, where are they coming from?
Josiah: Yeah, so one was a past client and the rest were all from Bark. So how many leads are you usually getting a week from Bark? So honestly, it's, it's what's, it's been the lifeblood of my business the past kind of few years, you know, typically it'll cost me $150, $200 to acquire a new client. So they just, they have been changed, they've changed the whole thing up in October though. So it was on the lead gen strategy where you basically buy like $350,000. $50 worth of credits. And then that'll give you like access to 20 or 30 leads. And you can just, you know, someone will put in their preferences, online coaching, whatever it might be. And then you can poach them, get their number. As soon as they put an inquiry in, call them, get them on a discovery call. And, you know, as soon as you got their number, like it's done, like the leads are pretty good there. Cause it's people that are like desperate enough to actually search online and go, Hey, I actually want to coach. Like I'm, I'm pretty desperate for, for some help. Um, so that's been good, but they just recently changed it to a marketplace strategy where we don't get any, any access over the lead preferences or anything like that, which is kind of, you know, uh, the client will be sifting through all the PTs and go inquire. Inquire, yeah, I want to quote, inquire, yeah, I want to quote. So It's not ideal. So I've seen in the past month in October, it's gone from $150 to acquire a new client to like $350 to acquire a new client. So obviously like getting your services as well, like I just want my Instagram pumping. Yeah, it's mainly through Bark that I've been, you know, actually getting my leads.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, now the marketplace is an issue because then it starts to become a fight at the bottom.
Josiah: Yeah, it's commoditized. So, and then they have, we've all been complaining about it already and they've been flagshiping the new system. So it's in the trial phases. So at the moment, I'm paying like two grand a month with that. And then I get access to 80 leads, or 80 inquiries. So 80 people, like it just goes down. Each month, and look, it's been good this week, like four or five people from Bark, I've already closed three or four, you know, so I've already, like if it's two grand the whole month for 80 inquiries, and the first week, I've gotten four or five clients from it, like it's pretty decent. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, the only issue is at that point, like you're entering into territory of just running ads.
Josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because like, again, the beautiful thing about organic is that you've got no marketing expense on top of it, it's just basically pure profit. At $350 a lead, like, I'm sorry, a sale, that's pretty on par with like, you if you're decent at marketing and running ads. Hence why, again, organic is so important to dial in, because there's no point in running ads until you get the organic side of things, because your organic sucks and your  ads and stuff.
Josiah: So, what's your thoughts on that? Quickly, because I hear so many like business coaches, right? Like there's the whole online organic that's like, hey, you only need organic. You can run a little bit of paid ads once you've dialed in the organics side of things. But then there's the whole, you know, the Will Nelsons, like those kind of guys, you've probably heard of him, that are just purely ads and they're like, you don't need to post organic at all. So what's your stance on that? Obviously, it's better. Profit margins to have, you know.
Kyle Musca: It depends on the individual. And these people are coming from the angle of that angle, more than likely because they don't know how to do the opposite, right? I've spoken to a fair few people that have gone through Will's course and it's  awful.
Josiah: Really?
Kyle Musca: Okay. And it's like, well, it's like 20 grand for three months. And then like, they basically have a video of you showing how to set up an ad and apparently support's terrible. Again, not to  on anyone else, but I just don't think like when you, Running a mentorship, like, if you're getting a lot of bad  press.
Josiah: Well, that's interesting because I was actually, like, him, you, and  Reece and Cam. You've probably heard of that, Cam Guilfam or whatever his name is.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Josiah: That were the four kind of guys that I was looking at.
Kyle Musca: But, yeah, I just, Will gave me the creeps a little bit. So, yeah. Well, with that, it's a group because I, you know, have always done mentorships and stuff. So I was interested to hear about it. It's a group coaching model. And for, like, six months, it's, like, 50 grand. I'll never pay another mentor that much for a group coaching model. And I wouldn't advise you to do it as well. It's just not worth it. You just don't get the return. Ads can be fantastic. Any marketer would not  on ads. If they're shitting on ads, it's just because they don't know how to run ads, right? And it's, like, and, again, I'm not going to, there are some names that you mentioned there. I'm not going to. to. I'm not going to. Thank Precisely mentioned. But I've spoken to people where they're like, oh, no, they told me to sell $80 a week. The only reason you'd tell someone to do that is because if you don't know actually how to sell. Because it doesn't take a sales skill at all to sell $80 a week. I could be like, hey, here's a custom program and meal plan and talk once a week. $80 a week, people are like, yep, sweet, cool. Right? It doesn't take any sales skill. So they're only coming from that angle more than likely because they just don't know how to do it. And they're trying to get people away from that.
Josiah: Because Wills is like, you don't need to post any content at all. You can just run ads and it's all  happy days.
Kyle Musca: That doesn't work because you've got no relationship and you don't know how to make content. If you don't know how to make good content, you're not going to know how to make a good ad. The organic side of things is fantastic if you can get it done. But the issue is so many people just aren't consistent enough with organic and they don't put the time into actually learning how to do it properly that they're just  scraping the bottom of the barrel. And they're like, well, why am I getting no leads? It's kind of like someone sitting on the couch, like , you know, scratching their balls and eating chips. It's like, why You're losing weight. You're not doing any of the work that it actually requires. And it's like, you can't just go to the gym once and  lose 10 kilos. You have to go every single day for  three months straight and eat everything properly to actually get the result. And that's the same with content. So in short, to answer, ads are fantastic if your content and your marketing is good and you know how to do them properly. They can scale your business rapidly. And if you've got the cash flow, but if you don't know how to do it, you don't have the content or you don't know how to actually market it and don't have the funnel beyond it, it will drain your bank account.
Josiah: Yeah. It's, it's just that initial, like you're getting the stone off the hill and it takes so much effort at the start to kind of, you know, dial in your offer, dial in the actual messaging with your content. And then all of a sudden you've got an influx of leads after that, but you know, for a month or two, it's a little bit dry. Right. So, um, I just, I feel like when I'm I'm to talk. I'm Talking about organic, I'm just like, okay, well, how does that actually look? Like, I put it in my check-in as well. Like, how do you get from a client from following you to actually on a call? Like, I know the macro of it. Like, you get them on the DMs, you nurture them through a few lead magnets on the stories, whatever it might be. But what's, like, a clear-cut method of doing that? And then I'd be happy to just execute on that  every day and get more type form responses on the back end of that. So I just, I'm just needing a bit of a clear-cut method of doing that. Because in my mind, I'm like, okay, when the  are doing the ads? Like, when are we, like, getting the follower ads sorted?
Kyle Musca: When are we doing that? Yeah.
Josiah: So the content is kind of like jab, jab, right hook, right?
Kyle Musca: So it's like provide content, be in their face, get them to build the relationship, get them to learn who you are. And then it's like, that's when we'll throw on the CTAs of here's exactly how. Because, again, people are kind of like, and talking about like mass hordes of people, they're pretty stupid. Like, if you don't tell them exactly what to do, they're not going to do it, even if they want it. You know what mean? Like, and you will look at like great marketers, like Mr. Beast, for example. If you watch one of his videos, he, and he's promoting his chocolate bar, he will say like, go buy it right now. Like, he's not beating around the bush about it, right? So it's like, when you're doing, so basically do the content, interact with your, on, because every piece of content you can do is an opportunity for a CTA. In the caption, know, DM the word performance, if you need one-to-one coaching. That is a little piece of, you it's not super in your face, but that is a little piece of here's how to contact me if you need, right? If they've resonated with you, they've seen some stuff from you, they trust you, they've been thinking about a game coach, it's like, cool, well, maybe I will message him. Or you have to put them up in your stories and stuff, CTA. You know, I'm looking for seven men who are looking to drop 10 kilos over the next three months. If that's you, DM The word  weight loss. I mean, so it's just, it's not like one massive thing. It's not like one day we're just going to be like, all right, chuck an offer up and you're going to get a hundred  clients signed up. It's just jab, jab, jab, chip, chip, chip, chip, chip. And then it's like, once you've got that dialed in, you've got the clients coming in, it's like, cool, we can run ads. So what I think is really important for you right now, and the sooner we can do this one, the more likely you are going to get clients through the door, but the better you'll get it as well, is just volume of organic content. Like I would try and get it to the point where you're posting twice a day.
Josiah: Yeah. So with, with the organic content, I feel like the, the, the ones that are going to work best for me are the talking head ones. Like I can just sit there and talk to the camera for like a few minutes and just, I don't know if you saw the one I posted today, like that was one take. I didn't even need to. Script that or anything, but I could punch out one of those a day quite comfortably, and then maybe one of the shorter 10, 7, 10-second ones, and then a few of the reaction ones. But honestly, mate, like the nutrition ones,  do my head in, honestly. They do my  head in. So I'm keen to do the educational ones. Like there was one, I've been saving, I've been going ahead and saving different folders of the different categories of ones that are like, they get great, like engagement, right? So I'm going ahead, saving those into folders, and then I'm like, okay, I can spin this off on my own thing. But yeah, like the ones where I'm actually having to make the food and make the recipe, that does my  head in. So, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Josiah: So do you feel like that's a good approach though? Like if I start with the talking head ones, if I start with the reaction ones that don't specifically involve me having to make the recipe from scratch, but it's just a quick kind of 30-second thing. I know Sage, like looking at his account, he's done a few recently that, you know, it seems easy as . Like you're just pouring oats into a cup and, you know, you're not actually making the recipe, but it's not like this whole cinematography set up. But do you feel like that's going to be effective or?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like you can grow your account on, you know, one style of content. I wouldn't do it off the, the, the, the 10-second ones are more so filler ones, right? They're not great for, that's not going to get a client like,  yeah, this guy, go and sign up with him. But they are great for like getting views onto your account. Like one, also showing off your physique and stuff. Cause people like. You know, if you've got a good physique, people buy into that. The talking ahead ones are great if you can get that value. What I would do with that one, did you just film that one on its own?
Josiah: So I've got four of those in my drafts ready to go, basically.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Did you film them all at the same time?
Josiah: Yeah. So I just set the phone up in my car and I picked the topic and a hook and then I was just rambling. And then I chopped up the videos. The edits app has the auto chop feature and then you can like tighten it up a little bit from there. And it took me five minutes to edit it. And then I just put what you said, like put a little bit of a extra saturation on it, colour it up a little bit if the lighting's off and then run it through the captions app. Initially the zooms, but the zooms are a bit like the , what the 's going on? So yeah, keep it kind of clean and anything with the talking head one. If you're looking at what the example was you gave me, what's that girl? She's like a sales girl and she's got like, yeah, so her ones are quite, you know, she's setting up the camera, the first sentence, and then there's a hook, and then she's wheeling off a few, like, it's like value, value, payoff, and then CTA at the end, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so, yeah, exactly. It's great to break that down there. But just on that, do you edit the video in edits and then take the video and put it into captions to get the captions?
Josiah: So, I, because I use the captions app to, like, get the zoom effect, I just ran the captions on it as well, but I know you can do the captions just organically in the edits app. But, is that, like, has the CEO of Instagram just said, hey, if you use our features, you're just going to get more read?
Kyle Musca: Is that kind of a superstitious thing or is it? No, he has actually said that. So you need to grab the video and export. When you export it from edits, it will be like an Instagram icon. You just tap that. will go straight through your Instagram and like you'll be able to post it straight from there.
Josiah: Through edits.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then like you'll see it as well. You'll scroll through Instagram and you'll see on the videos edited in edits. Like it's a, they do 100% favorite.
Josiah: Okay. And yeah, with, with the trending sounds and that, I didn't bother. Um, but I did in the captions just put like real simple three, four words, each line, just short, snappy, and then a CTA at the end. I think that's most effective when we're talking about captions rather than real long kind of.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. doesn't have to be anything great.
Josiah: Well, the video should save most of the. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So those ones, it's like, you can do a bit of a caption. People like reading. When you go to post it as well, you'll see that there's three or four bars, like, under the caption. There's, like, a poll and a prompt.
Josiah: Have you seen that? Yeah, so you can, like, have a question related to the video, and then people can – that's improving engagement, right?
Kyle Musca: It is, which will help push in the algorithm more. But the prompt feature takes the caption and it puts it at the top of the comment section, which is really, really important. Because if someone opens the comment section, they see that, which means that if you say, , DME performance for one-to-one coaching, then they can – it stands out more. The other thing is the poll feature, yeah, definitely gets more engagement on it. The poll feature is more so for engagement. So just ask a question related to the video. Or ask a question in the poll – in the caption. Put it as a prompt. Like, you let's say if you  spoke about weight loss, what are your thoughts? Best thing I've ever done, eh, didn't really make a difference. Yeah. And then people can  vote on it. Okay. So that will be important to push in the algorithm more. Now, we'll look at that. The other thing is more so the stories and stuff. well, one, another piece of content I'd really like you to do as well is carousels. So getting photos and stuff. That and Reels is what Instagram's favoring at the moment. Because it keeps, you have to think of like from Instagram's perspective, they want someone who can keep a viewer on their app for as long as possible because they sell attention. So real people sit around and watch. Carousels, they swipe. They stay on the post longer. So it gets more engaged. Carousels are really good at telling a story and getting people to take action. So, for example, someone who's quite good at this is.
Josiah: I used to. Do them quite a bit. So, Callum.
Kyle Musca: Pardon?
Josiah: Do you coach that Callum fella? Callum, yeah. Cunnies.
Kyle Musca: So it's like, great for telling a story. You probably don't know this about me. Tells a story of his upbringing, et cetera, et cetera. You can come look through this later. All right. It shows a client transformation. We've also built the most amazing app investors in over 1 million develops. Helped hundreds of clients, right? A bit of social proof. Social proof is always really, really important. Don't get that in, River.
Josiah: Yeah, I get it.
Kyle Musca: DM me Fatloss, I'll send you 10 recipes to help you get started.
Josiah: Real  simple, eh? Just like one, like five-word text on the carousel photos. carousel So what's like so
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It doesn't have to be complicated at You want to tell a story, though. That's really important. It's like, you can't just, you know, chuck some random  up and hope it'll work. You've got to tell, it's either got to be value, like educational, like, here's my five biggest fat loss tips or something like that. Just have to tell my head. Or tell story. Those are the only two I would go down, really.
Josiah: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And if you see a good one as well, like, if you're scrolling and , if you're scrolling and you see a good one, save it, you know, and save it so you can go back to it. The other thing is, I would follow people that do good content. don't know if you do that, but, like, you need to be able to source content. So follow people when you see them make good content, whether or not, like, for me, I have a personal account that keeps it fully separate from anything fitness, and then I have my fitness account that is just all fitness.
Josiah: Yeah, I've I wasn't following anyone, but I've coached about 30 people now. Oh, sorry. Followed like 30 people. and And I'm liking the content that I'm getting fed. I feel like they align with the content that I need to be pushing out myself. So I've got like 30 posts each saved for carousels, for viral ones, for talking head ones. So I've got plenty of ammo in the bank that helps with the ideation of the content.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, well, that's what it is. It's inspiration. Like you can't, it's virtually impossible just to sit down and pull up the phone and just  talk and it'd do well.
Josiah: Right, right.
Kyle Musca: It's got to have a point. So, and then out of that, I would pick like three to five, as I said last week, that you just, you really like that kind of content and you just use. So it's like, for me, now I just sit down and I'm like, all right, I'm just going to pull up some people's content. All right, that's an idea. And then I'll just go away and film it. Like the better, the more you do With this, the better we'll get. And that's one of the reasons why at this point is just volume is so important. So it's like, if you've got, you know, 30 videos saved, theoretically, that is 30 pieces of content you could do this week. You know what mean? Like, that's obviously a  lot, but that's, you know, if you could do that, I would say go for it.
Josiah: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, it's a  tedious thing to get over. Like, you and you might have like a bit of a, you know, I don't want to film content type thing. But at the end of the day, like, it's when you're in this period, it's like really all you're trading for is your time to get money. So it's like  film as much content as possible. The only alternative to that is you'd have to spend, you know, 100 minutes a day going and cold DMing random people. So it's like, what would you rather do? I would rather just  film content every single day, pump it out.
Josiah: I feel like when I, I feel like when I start like getting those first few clients directly from organic content and I can see that. That's when I'll be like, let's  dial in. You know what I mean? Because at the moment, I'm like, I can't see the connection. I'm like, so attached to ads and like, it has to be ads that gets the leads in. So I'm like, . So what are you doing? Are you just kind of sniping hot leads off the back end of who's replying to your stories and content?
Kyle Musca: Well, this is where the CTAs come in, which is what we're into now. And don't get me wrong as well. I'm all for ads. I spend over eight grand a week on ads. And if you've got the cash flow and the content, I'm all for it. It's just, again, it will drain your bank account if you go too early. So the CTAs is like, so the stories are really powerful because this is where like your closest followers, people that are actually engaging with you. This is where you can start to communicate with them. And what I would do for you is I would have, you've got hard CTAs, you've got soft CTAs, right? So every single Sunday to Monday, right, I have a hard CTA, right? Basically, this is a direct offer. You know, this week I'm looking for six men looking, or I'm looking for two men, I'm looking for three men, whatever you  say, who want to drop 10 kilos over the next three months and get six-pack abs by summer. If that's you, dim the word shred, and I'll show you exactly what's involved.
Josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, you can do that on one story, you can do that on three stories. I would recommend splitting it up on three stories to tell a bit more of a story, right? Then on Tuesday, you might do a questionnaire. Sorry, any questions on that one, that first one, by the way?
Josiah: So, yeah, like Monday is a hard CTA, and just with the flow of the stories, like, when I've got it in my notes to do it, but it's like, you start off with just a talking head script, and then it might be some social proof with a slide, you And then maybe a poll and then a CTA after that. So do you feel like that's a good flow or I've seen Sage, you know, he's doing kind of that written one where it's like three, you know, the same photo, but three different texts come up each time you click next.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So there's a million ways you can do them. Like for me, for example. And I would say get creative with them. And if you see someone do them, maybe even save it and like, you know, screenshot and come back to it. I wouldn't, I mean, the more transmissions you can get at the better. So the more social proof, the better. What I would do is like, I've worked with, like for me, I've worked with over a thousand men and here's the main things that they usually  up on. Right. One, they have no structure, they have no accountability and they think they can just figure it out themselves, even though they're working full time job. Right. Next story. This is what my, most of my clients started here. We simplified it. Uh, and this is the results you can get. Next story. Uh, . So if you're a hard, if you're a busy guy who doesn't have the time to work it out for himself, but you still want to get into great shape, deem me the word  busy and let's have a chat.
Josiah: Yeah. Just attaching it to like a real strong pain point. you know, and, um, you, you're trying to make them really like, , like aware of their problem that they have, their frustration that they have. And you're trying to base. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: If they can look at them and be like, , that's me. And he's just said, he's worked with so many guys like me and I want to change. I'll message it. I mean, um, and then, and then like Tuesday, for example, um, I would do like a questionnaire, right? Now questionnaire is a really  good. Especially, you know, for where you're at is because one, you put it up on the story. Again, don't just be like, , what's your biggest nutrition problem? Actually get it. So they like, you know, actually put some like evidence, make it creative or something like that is basically what I'm saying. Can't be about nutrition. Don't get me wrong. Just don't  put, ask me a question on nutrition. No one's going to answer that. And then when they reply to it, you can one, reply on the story with a video, right? Which will help to show that you actually are knowledgeable on the fact. But then because they've, once they've actually like done the message, you can just message them directly straight off the back end of that and a conversation.
Josiah: Is that a question box or is that a poll?
Kyle Musca: No, question box. You can do it to polls as well, but the question box is good because you can personalize the response. So it's like, oh, I really struggled with eating around work. Hey, I see you, you know, I replied on my story, but I just want to see if I could help you out any further around this, man. You know, and then just get into conversation with them. And again, it's just about starting conversations because you can't just go from like, I mean, sometimes you can't, but you can't just go from  like, hey, who wants to sign up to my coaching? You signed up. It's not that simple. You've got to take, you've got to nurture them so they feel comfortable to actually invest into you. So it's like, start the conversation. You know, they're not always going to sell, like convert right there, but maybe, you know, in a few weeks time, they're like, oh, now I'm, you know, in the mindset to actually buy a coach. Who am I going to go to? Well, I've already spoken to Josiah, so I'm going to go, you know, chat here.
Josiah: Yeah, I feel, I feel like I've got that. For me, like it's when I'm thinking about it, it's just, I feel like I'm just  lazy when I do the actual nurturing of the conversations. Like I've had, like when I had my ads pumping, I had so many good conversations flowing. then I wouldn't get back to them for a day and then this and that. I'm just like, . So what's your thoughts on getting a setter involved, like a commission-based setter, like 10%, you know, just to get this thing off the  ground? Or is that something you're kind of mulling over later on in the phase once we got organic pumping in general?
Kyle Musca: So, yeah, so once I get a, once like we run ads and stuff, like I got a setting team we can plug in, I wouldn't necessarily, like you don't, if there's no reason, like you, unless, the only time I'd say get a setter in is like if you're getting an ungodly amount of like messages you just can't get back to.
Josiah: Just tell it to me straight, bro, I'm being a lazy .
Kyle Musca: Yeah, you know, like it is, like you've got to put in the work, the results. Yeah, it's great when we need them, but like there's no point in bringing an overhead. And you, so you. So. So for someone like where you're at, right, your most powerful asset is it's just you doing it. You know what mean? Like, then this is what's going to separate you from someone who has a massive  coaching company because they're not the one replying to the DMs. They're not the getting on the call. They're not the one doing the coaching, right? So it's like they technically can't compete with you if you can just get in front of the client. And that's why, like, when you're doing the voice, like, don't do it every time. Like, send a text, especially probably the first one or two, send a text. But then throw on a voice note, you know what I mean? Hey, bro, yeah, , yeah, that's a really common man. A lot of the guys I work with start in the same position. Whatever you  say after that.
Josiah: Yeah, so because people's, they're selling fatigue, right? Like, they're probably following at least five other coaches that have been hit with the many chat automations. And they're kind of, they're fatigue, they're selling fatigues increased. So hitting them with a voice note. Love that.
Kyle Musca: time. Let's Yeah. And then, yeah, so questionnaires, great, because it starts the conversation off the back end of that. know what mean?
Josiah: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Then, do you have any leap magnets or anything giveaway?
Josiah: Yeah, heaps. I've got like a booty building guide. I've got a road to 21 days to bigger arms guide. So male, female specific. I've got 2,500, 2,300, 1,500 calorie guides with like three different days of eating. I've got an optimized grocery list for gut health. I've got just a general guide that, you know, incorporates all of that into one kind of thing. So I've got some decent lead magnets I could throw out, like the one I've used in the past when I, I recently was throwing ads up and, you know, the many shadow. Automation, I had like a follow-up ad going and then they had to comment on that to receive the guide and then they'd have to follow me to receive the guide. And then within two days, had like 30 or 40 names, numbers and goals on a type form. But I just didn't really call any of them. I was just a bit too lazy to call them. So, yeah, like they're people that have downloaded the guide and been following me for a while and this and that. Ideally, if I get their phone number, I'm speed to lead. I'm on it straight away, you know.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's where the messaging conversation comes into play because it's a lot less like frictional and confronting. Like these days, people are kind of associated getting on a call with sales.
Josiah: I mean, I don't want to get on a call.
Kyle Musca: I'm too busy for that. It's like you just DM through conversation. It's just  casual. just treat it like a mate. Don't get too formal or anything like that. And then you can just prompt the call. So what I and I've got the DM script. I'll show you this in this call. So... I But what I do is just goal, struggle, what do they do for work to qualify them? Cool, man. Let's jump on a call to dive into things deeper. We're not trying to , you know, become their best mate. We're not trying to conversate for  three weeks straight. It's just straight to the point. All right, cool. You're good enough to get on a call. Let's just have a chat.
Josiah: Yeah. And you're just going for the hand raises, the people replying to the CTAs, the people commenting on your posts, the people messaging you directly. That's pretty much it, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So like, yeah, exactly. So it's like, if it's a direct, then you can just go goal, struggle, work, let's get on a call. If it's like a lead magnet, for example, where they haven't, you know, necessarily shown an interest for coaching, but if someone's downloading a , you know, cutting diet plan, they're probably trying to lose weight, right? So it's like, you can just chat to them again, goal, struggle, provide a little bit of value and stuff out of curiosity. Um, you could even do, I would probably do this. Um, what I do in this situation is like, out of curiosity, have you ever thought about getting a coach could help dial things in? No, maybe I've thought about it. Oh, it's not for everyone. Let's jump on chat. Or you could do like goal struggle, whatever, and be like, you know, um, sounds like, you know, there's a lot to unpack here. Uh, I'm pretty busy today, man. But to be honest, like maybe I could set aside like 10 minutes today or tomorrow. can just jump on a free call and, uh, call and I'll, you know, happy to give you a bit of a nutrition audit. How does that sound?
Josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And then basically on that call, you would just like, listen to them. Um, tell, they'll tell you all the  that they do. It's probably all wrong. You would just kind of say, and here's the thing with marketing, it's always kind of like the what, but not the how. All right. So this is what you should do. You don't really give them the how to do it because that's, that's then creating the gap for you. You are the solution on how to do it.
Josiah: Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. The what, but not the how. The why, the what, but not the how.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And it's also the rule of reciprocity. Like if you've given them a free guide at this point, then you've conversated with them, didn't ask for anything. You even jumped on a free call with them just to  help them out. But our society, the human culture is designed like, if I give you something of value, then you inherently feel like you need to give me something in return. So it's like at that point, if you're like, oh, have you ever thought about coaching? They're like, oh, no, I haven't really, but you're a  G and you give me all this stuff.
Josiah: So I'd be open to it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I feel like it's just one, once, once I've got the lead and they're in the conversation, like I feel pretty sweet, you know, it's just actually getting them to that point.
Kyle Musca: Well, that's fine. Yeah, exactly. And that's the goal of the content, the CTAs. It's just to start the conversation. It's not to get the sales, to start the conversation, provide value. The sale will come later. We want it to be a short cycle. don't want it to drag and up. But we can't just go straight in for the kill. Otherwise, they just won't have a bar of it.
Josiah: I'm just like, I've got no patience there, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. I mean, it is tedious. Don't get me wrong. But the other thing is, like, having these conversations, you'll pick up patterns, and this is why sales calls are great as well, of what people are struggling with. And then you just take that straight back into the stories and the content you're doing, you know what I mean? Yeah. You're hearing firsthand what the problem is. So maybe every Wednesday, for example, feeling generous. Comment, feeling generous. First three people that tap this sticker, I'll send you through my ultimate guide to building a booty. All right? And then, you know, after that, and then what I would do, like, I five minutes after that, put up another story, be like, wow, that went quick, haha. If you missed out, unlucky, I'll do another one next week. Keep your eyes out, open. But then here's the cool thing about that. Everyone that tapped on the sticker, you can just  message anyway.
Josiah: Absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Like, hey, I saw you tapped on the sticker looking for, you know, the booty guide. Unfortunately, that, you know, that got snapped up quickly, but thought I'd shoot you a message to see if there's anything else I can sort of help you with. I guess, what are your main goals at the moment?
Josiah: And that's just, obviously, you know, many chat sequencing pretty easily.
Kyle Musca: Like, I can set all that up. You can't do many chat because that's a manual. You can't have many chat or you can't even have DMs, which is annoying to do this because it has to be straight from your Instagram account. But you just, like, open up the story replies, you tap the sticker and you would just message them straight off that.
Josiah: With, like, a... And send them the PDF or?
Kyle Musca: No, so, because you're saying that it got snapped up quickly and then you can keep it in your back pocket and maybe send it to them later.
Josiah: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You can basically have the same copy and pasted message, but like, hey, I saw you, you know, tapped on the stick of that booty guide. Unfortunately, that, you know, got snapped up quickly, thought I'd show you a message, yadda, yadda, yadda, right? And you just  everyone. I mean, so maybe every Wednesday you do that. And then every Thursday you do a client transformation post or something. And this is, I like to, again, make this a little bit more of a harder CTA, right? You know, this is  John who I'll lose 10 kilos in last eight weeks. Again, you can do this on one story or you can split it. And again, this is probably another one to split across, right? Here's what most people do wrong, X, Y, Z. This is what, how we fixed it for John. If you want the same results, DM me the word, John. And want people long. let why you what the genemy.
Josiah: you to call the
Kyle Musca: Now, this is the, yeah. So one thing you also said before is speed to lead is absolutely critical. You need to get someone when they're in the buying mindset, which is why conversations can be good, but bad if they're left unchecked. Now, this is so critical to the point where they've done a study where they did a, like someone would inquire in a form, and within 60 seconds after they inquired, they'd be getting a call straight away, booking them on a sales call. Well, actually, before the close, I'm pretty sure it was. Conversions increase by 400%. So when someone's in a buying mindset, you've got to capture them now. So that's why I like messages, but like at the same time, I like messages over a form, to be honest. Both are okay, though.
Josiah: Yeah, like on Bark, I'm just so accustomed to that. But like, I'll get an email straight away. It'll say. Such-and-such has requested a quote or here's their mobile number, and then I'll call them right the  away. Oh, hey, such-and-such, are you looking for fat loss or muscle building at the moment? You know, what's the big struggle you're getting over at the moment, blah, blah, blah. I'd love to offer you a discovery session on the house to explore this further. What's your schedule looking like next week? Like, on Instagram, it's just like, it just seems like such a  getting them on the conversation, and then it's a few days by the time that, you know, like they haven't replied or whatever, and then you're having to follow up, and then, you know, I don't like how it's kind of just harder to track the leads a little bit, so it's just a bit more, so I'm hearing you, though.
Kyle Musca: I would get hyped to be like, , everyone that messages through, just get  hyped. This is a potential lead, man. This is a potential sale. So, um... I was speaking to Sage just before, and he was like that, because he gets heaps of messages through the ads and stuff, and he was like, , I'm checking every 10 minutes, because he got DM said his name, he's checking every 10 minutes, he was like, yeah, too hungry for a  lead, you know what I mean? So it's like, treat it the exact same, because I think there's just a mental barrier for you that you've never, like, had the influx of leads through Instagram, so you can't see it. Same with sales as well, like, you know, every time I've increased prices, I'm like, oh, , I don't know if I'm going to get away with this. You make one say, like, I can sell it, easy, happy days, you're fine from that. So, again, it's just about starting this conversation. So, every Thursday, I like to do a testimonial one for social proof, a little bit harder. So you've got a hard one on Monday, hard one on Thursday, a few soft ones in between. Then on Friday, and again, get creative with these, but like, that's on Friday, had some time open up this afternoon. The first person that, and then maybe this is just straight to your Calendly booking. could even try that. First person that book's in a call, I'm going to give a free nutrition audit, free 10-minute nutrition audit. You know mean?
Josiah: So just you're creating that urgency as well, you know, with the stories.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Now you can do that with the Calendly and give them just self-book, which is, you know, ideal. But then it kind of limits you from the volume because like, again, the sticker tap, you can say that got filled up quickly. But message anyone off the back end with the Calendly. I you could just leave it up. I don't know. I doubt people would have  noticed, to be honest.
Josiah: Yeah. Yeah, I'm hearing you. Content, start conversations.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Content is building a relationship with your following.
Josiah: You know what I mean?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Josiah: if I look at the past 30 days, I've posted  all. I've gotten, like... like... I've had, what, 270K, what is it? Like it says on your professional dad dashboard, I've got 270K, but that's because one of my reels got 160K, and it was just that 10-second one of the meal plan, but it wasn't anything like, it wasn't like a nurturing one where people are actually getting to know me. And I think I got 100 followers from it, but like, I didn't follow it. I didn't message any of them or nurture any of them. So this is the other thing as well.
Kyle Musca: You've got to take into consideration is like, you don't already like doing messages when the lead's messaging you. So to add a whole nother level on that, you'd have to go out and  message people off the cold, which is a lot less of a number game because then you're just messaging random people and  trying to, you know, find a needle in a haystack at that point. I don't, I'll quickly look at the, well, want to look at the content. The of the other day as well. So we're quickly opening this to them.
Josiah: Yeah, yeah. This is good. Oh. Is the profile optimisation okay as well? Like, I've pretty much copied Sages, but I've just got the type form there. Like, the results and reviews. Like, it seems pretty dialed in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, beautiful. It's just straight to it. Yep, beautiful. Yep, that's absolutely sweet. Yep. So where's this one that we've got?
Josiah: So this one here, 160, 157. So it's just like a 10-second, you you know. I've So that one was all organic.
Kyle Musca: You got 183 comments from that. Where did they go?
Josiah: What was that?
Kyle Musca: You got 183 comments from that.
Josiah: Where did they go? They just went to my DMs and I did have a ManyChat automation on it for like a week. So they just got sent the meal plan. But bro, I haven't followed up with any of them at all.
Kyle Musca: I mean, you could even go back through them and be like, hey, just checking, have you been able to use the meal plan?
Josiah: And then you're telling me that if I'm like, if I've got like at least 20 DM threads open and engaging constantly, then after a while, it's just a massive influx of like people getting flown through onto a call.
Kyle Musca: I mean, it's never a massive influx. Don't get me wrong on that. It's just the... The people that do get on the calls, especially if it's more of a direct thing from organic, are much more likely to convert. Like when you run ads, average is about a 40% close rate for a decent closer. When you run organic, it's like 80%. And it's pure profit. There's no , you know, you don't have to pay, or if you're doing this close, you don't have to pay marketing costs, you don't have to pay  closers, you don't have to pay DMs, all that .
Josiah: Yeah, the ones that are doing well for me are those text ones, like that 30K one, that 12K one. Yeah, so that's the text on screen style. It's not even fitness related, it's just  golf and life, yeah.
Kyle Musca: But like, it does well, like, again, this isn't going to bring you on a , no one's going to see this and be like, yes, that is the guy I trust with coaching. But it does get people to start seeing your account. I mean, um...
Josiah: Thank And then this one today, only 369, so.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, but that's like, it's more value-driven, that's the thing. You what mean? Like, it's not gonna, I mean, man, this got 10,000. Like, these are the kind of educational content things you can do. Like, if you could pump out, like, three to five of these a week, then fantastic. Like, it doesn't have to be, like, nutrition stuff usually resonates well, but it doesn't have to be, you know, . That, if you don't like it. Do you like these ones?
Josiah: So, I got that, basically, I was running an ad on those two for maybe a week. That's why they've got 10K views. Right. And I got them done by an editor on Fiverr. So, you know, with the transitions and, you know, the different little edits on it and that sort of thing. So, when I run the ads, I like to have a bit more of a.
Kyle Musca: Professional edit on it.
Josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: But I mean, you don't, for ads, yeah, it's all right.
Josiah: But I've just turned off all the many chat, all the ads. I'm just starting from scratch with you.
Kyle Musca: So, yeah. Do you have a, how much will these edits?
Josiah: So for both of those, I think it was like 150 AUD.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So even that, like my editor does it for 20 USD per video.
Josiah: He's a beast.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But even so, again, right now you should just like limit overheads type thing. If you're running for an ad, you might as well get it professionally done. Yeah. With these, someone I really liked when I ran those kind of ones, like did those kind of videos. Yeah. Is Eric.
Josiah: Yeah, I've seen this guy.
Kyle Musca: But even still, like even back in the day when I was doing more of this style of content, he was getting way more views. It's great for value. That is the thing. Like this is the content that will convert. You can get 100,000 views and none of it will convert. You can get 10,000 views on something like this and you're much, much more likely to get clients. And that goes for following and everything, man. You can have 100,000, you can have a million followers. But if not, what you're doing actually isn't providing value to the people that you're doing it for. Or the guy with  10,000 followers who only follows him because they respect him as a coach is going to absolutely  on them in terms of income. You know what mean?
Josiah: Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Josiah: So just posting those viral worthy, where the followers that you're attracting to your page aren't even like your target market, right? Like they're just kind of people that think you're hot or like see if you have an OnlyFans or  whatever. Like. Yeah, I'm here now, I'm here now.
Kyle Musca: But even with this as well, like you can see, this guy used to get hundreds of, like a lot, literally a lot, I haven't been on his account for a little while, probably, you know, three to six months. He used to get hundreds of thousands of views every single video. Now you can see that it's dramatically dropped off quite a lot. The algorithm doesn't like pushing it. And then, you know, what's funny is like these kind of videos is talking, which he never did back then. And between the ages of 30 and 45, here's a... Just talking straight to the camera, those ones pop up for him now. Like, not great, not as much as what he was getting, but still. And you can see, film at the same time, film at the same time, same time, same time, same time, same time, same same time, time. That's like a million views right there in probably a half an hour  filming session.
Josiah: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Now, that's the other thing as well. Hold up for me. me. Hold And it's like, the other thing is, try not to have a negative attitude, yeah, try not to have a negative attitude with content, because I like got into that rut as well, and I just  hated filming it, and it reflects on it, you if you can, that's why it's important to do the content that you like, because you actually like look forward to it. I would say highly caffeinated for it, like drink a  energy drink, whatever you have to do to get in mode, and it's like get into a bit of a flow when you do it, and if you do that, you're fine.
Josiah: That's a big one for me as well, having the right energy and the right mind space to be able to just execute on like an hour of just videos.
Kyle Musca: So this is where time blocking really comes into play. So like, for me, I go, first thing I do is I go to the gym in the morning, I, you know, get caffeinated, I get some blood flow, and then I do all my creative tasks after that. So that's when I'll film content. I wouldn't make the mistake of doing your admin and like  messaging, you know, people that are annoying you and  you off and then trying to film it afterwards, because you're just not going to be in mood. in It's going to come around us. So with... Perfect. then... Yep, beautiful. So see how that stands out as a thumbnail? Oops, the faster it comes back every  time. Sure, starving yourself for a week works until your cheat meal becomes a three-day food bender. Lose three kilos, then gain five. Rinse and repeat. Welcome to the cycle, my friend. Used to do this every few weeks. Lose a bit of body fat, feel proud, then reward myself with absolute destruction. Real results started when I stopped chasing quick fixes and started building real structure. Fat loss that actually lasts. This would be a great time. Like, this is exactly what I did with my client, Mel.
Josiah: Have that grief. Social proof, know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah. If you can, by all means, throw it in. Like, the more you can add, the better. But  is showing up. Struck. You're weak, making better choices on autopilot. You build that kind of rhythm where you can eat out, have a drink, and still drop body fat. living with intention instead of yo-yoing back or forth. The other thing, the crucial thing I'd probably say here is try not to, and this is like a real weird gray area that you have to kind of maneuver, is try not to educate. People think they want to be educated, but they don't want to be educated. It's so  weird thing to , but yeah. And then, did you see someone do a video kind of like this?
Josiah: So, I'm hearing you, like they don't, they don't like to be told what to do, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, same as a sales call. If get on a sales call and someone says something, it's like retarded, you never say, no, that's wrong, because you'll lose the sale.
Josiah: Yeah, okay. So, yeah, I've seen a lot of people do like the, just sitting in the couch. They put the camera up, as they're saying in the first sentence, they just sit it there, and then they're just kind of going on a bit of a rant, and like chopping it up, and then have a bit of a CTA on the end of it. So that's the idea of it, with like a strong hook. So, you know, try and dial in the hook where you can, make a few different variations of it, see which one hits the best.
Kyle Musca: I would just pump enough out that I wouldn't split test each hook and post the same video. I would just pump out enough videos that, yeah, yeah, trial different hooks anyway. But like, again, what I would do is, even, again, this will even work. This one got 211k. If you're somebody who overate this past weekend, here's what you need to do to make sure you don't ruin any of your progress.
Josiah: Yeah, I'm hearing, yeah, like already it's a lot more.
Kyle Musca: If you're someone who constantly gets stuck in these aggressive binge eating cycles, here's what you need to do to finally break out of it.
Josiah: Yeah, absolutely.
Kyle Musca: I mean, like almost take it word for word, but then completely apply it to yours. So it's not word for word at all.
Josiah: What did I say?
Kyle Musca: was like, The faster your weight drops, the faster it comes back every  time. Josiah, starving yourself for a week works until your cheat meal becomes a three-day food bender. I mean, like, if you're someone who gets aggressively stuck in these binge eating cycles, here's what you need to do to fix it. The faster your weight drops. Now, it's important to understand the faster your weight drops, the faster it comes back every  time.
Josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And it's like, yeah. And then, like, ones that are really good for this. They're like, here's six fat loss myths in the next 60 seconds. Let's run it. Number one.
Josiah: The listicle style ones as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. It's just, you got to remember like really fast paced and really to the point, like it's cutting the fat. If it doesn't need to be said, don't say it. It's almost better to leave things unsaid because it gives people a place to come in and be like, oh no. And you can also do this. And this also works and stuff like that. So it gets engagement on you. I mean, six fat loss myths in 60 seconds. One, you need to do more cardio to lose more fat. Wrong. You need to be more of a calorie deficit to lose more fat.
Josiah: I had a few talking head ones that got like 20K plus views like a year ago, which seemed to do well. But I think I've archived them. They might be right. Right down the bottom or keep going. They're probably right down the bottom, bro. Yeah, like miles. Keep going. So see that? Oh, yeah, 14K. Hopefully the sound still works. Yeah, the sound's fine. So that one seemed to do well, and then there was another one that, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Most of you are thinking you're in a calorie deficit and wondering why you're not seeing results. Guys, you're not in a calorie deficit unless you're seeing one visual changes with your physique. Setting it up like this and talking is also a good way of doing content. If you want to do that again, by all means. Like... for you.
Josiah: Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And again, it's just about coming to replicate what does well. Like, yeah, this guy does really – these two guys, they work kind of together. They've got their own business and stuff. But in terms of, like, showing you how much, like, content to produce and, like, what it's actually like, like, if you really, really want to push it, go hard.
Josiah: This guy, I've saved a few of his stuff.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, again, he kind of does that kind of thing you just saw there. You know, he has  540,000 followers, and for that, he only got 200 likes. Like, the engagement rate on that  sucks. But he doesn't get discouraged by that because he just posts so much  volume that 350 likes, not much. 478 likes, not much for the following he has. 146 likes, not much for the following.
Josiah: He's doing those reaction ones as well. Yeah. They get a lot more of the views.
Kyle Musca: Exactly, but you come onto his page to see what he's about, and you're like, oh. Let people talk about I think you're back. They're going to continue doing it forever. Now it's about more value, more motivation, more inspiration, right? You're getting hooked in. And then he also does a good job of showing off his Zeke as well. In terms of showing you the volume. How did you use your... Six hours ago. Six hours ago. Seven hours ago. 13 hours ago. 15 hours ago. A day ago. A day ago. A day ago. Still a day ago.
Josiah: It's more than I've done a  month, mate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And that's what it comes down to is just do more. Like that's... It's simple. It's like just you need to do more.
Josiah: So if I block out a whole day or even two days of ideation, scripting, content writing, maybe I get it done in a full day, all of it for the week.
Kyle Musca: I wouldn't even say that, man. Like if you've got videos saved, like, and this is just about like, you know, you're going to have a transition period. where you will get better with at a time. But like, man, I can sit down and I can pump out nine of these reaction videos in about an hour and a half. You know mean? And, you know, for you trying to grow your account and everything and trying to figure out your sort of groove and content and everything, like, I would do that at least two, three, four times a week. The more the merry. If you want to do it five, six days a week, I'd say  go for it. But, um, I guess all it takes is for one video to get a million views, right? Yep. I've experienced it multiple times. Like, the first time I ever started getting into videos, man, got  all views,  all views,  all views. And then all of a sudden, one video just went hit a million and I was sweet after that. And they all just went off. Restarted my Instagram account from 17,000 followers. Two months, got  all views,  all views,  all views, posting consistently every single day. Multiple times a day. And then all of a sudden, just  ripped. And then within another two months after that, I was at 100K followers.
Josiah: Yeah. Happened to my mate recently, too. He got a million followers. Sorry, a million views on one of his reels, and he got, like, 5,000 followers, like 10,000 followers from it.
Kyle Musca: Yes, exactly. He should just keep leveraging of that. Now, and yeah, he should just keep leveraging of that, man. Like, again, not crazy engagement from these at all, but he's been doing these for ages, man. Like, you can see that doesn't put him off, and some of them do go for all, man. If you can get a, like, a, you know, a  motivational, inspirational, which is better than education, in my opinion, video pop-off, man. Like, people buy into that so much more.
Josiah: Like, why? These inspirational ones where you can really dig into the pain points, right? You're not, it's not like an educational one that just probably is a bit more binge-worthy, but you do need something on the front end to bring them down into the middle. not like funnel for these to be. Because then you've got a certain percentage of people following you from the top of funnel content, and then they're kind of getting sniped by these value-style, motivational, pain-point-style content. And it's just when they're looking at your stories, they're a lot more likely to be nurtured and then eventually message you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. And just to put it into perspective as well, so you don't get disheartened, you can see the reaction videos that they do. They get hundreds of thousands, tens of thousands, millions of views. And that's kind of all I do now, just because I'm not really trying to push and grow my coaching company as much anymore. But you can see, even when I did these talking heavy ones, they don't  go off, man. They don't get pushed. They don't do very well. The in-gym educational ones, which took me two hours to film,  spent money on editors, all that . You know, got  all, 233, 244, you know, 7,000 views, literally  terrible engagement. Not a bad engagement rate, but terrible  actual engagement and Instagram. But when I would be getting on calls with people, they'd be saying like, oh yeah, like I watched your, you know,  workout videos and I just thought they really helpful and everything like that. You know what mean? I just, you know,  get all these like help. Yeah, they would just  tell me about how helpful these videos were for them. And that was the reason that they decided to book in a call. And again, like they don't all, you know, 27 is okay. 8,000 is pretty   for my bullet. You know what mean?
Josiah: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I think this is like, it was even like worse at some point.
Josiah: I mean, to be fair. Yeah, the talking ones seem to do well for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they do do well, but like, not compared, like... When you look at these compared to what I do now, just because I just only do the reaction ones, and it's only entertainment-focused rather than anything, you can see the massive difference. Again, you know, 16,000. But that's also 700 people that I just put my educational video in front of to show them a point. 472 people, you know what mean? Like, if, you know, again, this is in comparison to my following, so that's a terrible  engagement rate. But that's still the, you know, the pool of people that are interested in following me for the education I can provide for them.
Josiah: Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, I do. You sometimes do get in your head and a bit disheartened about it, eh?
Kyle Musca: And I remember, like, looking at these videos, I'm like, dude, they're  flopping. They're doing trash.
Josiah: Like, why am I spending so much time on doing these? Yeah, because I can't, I'm so brainwashed to, like, I'm putting X amount of dollars in to get X amount of return, whereas with Organic, I'm like... So I've got to almost treat every piece of content as like a sales asset, you know, like each video is like a sales asset I'm depositing into my ad account and I'm getting reach and that's translating to conversations, which gets me clients rather than being like, oh, , this content flops. No one's going to watch it. Just changing the mindset about it a little bit. I do get in my head about it a little bit and that's probably what creates a bit of resistance. So I feel, yeah, I feel you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Like when you're in the moment, you're like, oh, did  . But man, Kyle was like that when we started working together. And he, he, and again, that's the thing about content is like make it yours. And that again comes with volume. You make it yours when you do volume and you figure it out. But like how, when we start. He didn't get that many views at all. And now his account consistently pops up, like 50k views every single time. He's got obviously an insane physique, but he doesn't get many  likes. You don't need a crazy amount of likes and  all that . It's a good metric to have, don't get me wrong.
Josiah: I've seen him a few times. He goes to my church, actually.
Kyle Musca: You mean?
Josiah: I've him around the church recently.
Kyle Musca: Does he? Yeah, but, you know, Sage also doesn't get, Sage gets like 50 likes a post, man. By , is it on this one?
Josiah: He's like fully about the steroids though, right?
Kyle Musca: Like he's talking about gear and all that sort of thing? No, not too much, to be honest. Like, he doesn't hide the fact that he's obviously, he's definitely on gear. But he's not, you know, he's not like Sam Pierce where he's , you know, hopefully promoted. I mean, so like.
Josiah: That one seemed to do okay. The, um, go up a little bit. It was the, yeah, Pops, she's in a calorie deficit except for the 12. Or it was like an acting one.
Kyle Musca: No, it's here. And, um, that can be super frustrating. Most of the time, it really just boils down to probably. No, no, definitely in deficit. I think it's just my hormones or something. Is that full of almonds, did just say? Yeah. Yeah, it's just literally. check those? I mean, that's 100 calories, but I mean. it. It was time, right? So, yeah. Oh, okay. So you get a lot of like laughy faces coming through, I mean, that's what you want. Do you run this as If you can't see your abs, you should not start bulky. Did you run this as an app? Yeah. In the gym for one to two years, usually carrying around 20% body fat. They tend to start bulky. So like. Yeah. So you got the, you got the reaction video stuff, not the reaction video stuff, the trendy sound one down pat. It's honestly just about, and you know someone who's done this well lately is . It's Harry. I think I've showed you him already, haven't I?
Josiah: I've seen him around online, but not really, no.
Kyle Musca: her Well, she's reinvented will be able to thatclub-buff. Thank He's gotten into the, or he just posted his physique, but like, I mean, physique does stuff. But you can see, like, the engagement on that has, like, massively increased as well. It's like, we scroll down here, yeah, nothing crazy, decent views, whatever. Some did all right. And then, like...
Josiah: And then you're just getting a few blowing up, and then all of a sudden he's on that 50k view train.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. Like, they're increasing steadily with time, and then, again, all it takes is one to pop up. He doesn't do, like, what I would say is he doesn't do that much to connect with his audience. You know what mean? It's, a lot of it's just physique. Which is great for fillers and stuff to add it in, but if he can show a bit of personality, he can show a bit of, you know, he's actually good at what he does, then it's like he'd be gold.
Josiah: Yeah, like I do, you say like you can't be getting as many clients from obviously just the 7 to 10 second awareness kind of reels, but, you know, I want the path of least resistance there. So I guess the content styles that I am feeling more aligned with are the talking head ones, you can pump those out, and the educational slash reaction ones. Yeah. But yeah, the food ones, yeah.
Kyle Musca: And I don't see a reason why, you know, especially once you get good at them, like really good at them, I don't see a reason you couldn't do at least to a day where one's just talking to the head and one's a reaction video.
Josiah: Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: You know what I mean? then ideally three, ideally four. I mean, if you could get to that point, man, you'd  them very quickly.
Josiah: Okay.
Kyle Musca: Like, man, we're just going to  throw this up and you get 50 clients. Like, it's just not that. It's just we've got to do the groundwork, got to get the ball rolling, and then it's like everything. And then, again, make sure you're doing those CTAs on your stories. Adding every single post is a chance to do a CTA.
Josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: And then it's like, cool. Yeah. Does that make sense?
Josiah: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. I just see it  serious with it, I think. So.
Kyle Musca: And the good thing about this, man, is like a lot of people feel the same way you do, which is why they don't ever do it anyway. So like, just by  doing it, you're already cutting out like 90, 95, 99% of the competition.
Josiah: Yeah.
Kyle Musca: Because most people post for a day or a week and they're like, oh, it didn't work. Oh, I'm just going to go back to walk in the gym floor. I mean, it's like. I I
Josiah: I'd rather  die than do that, mate. Honestly, no, it's getting to that point. Like, if I'm not out of the gym by May next year, I'm just going to go get a job because I don't even deserve to do it. So I'm just, honestly, you can hold me to that as well, mate.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so it's like, ooh, you know, again, back against the wall, what are we doing? Are we going to go get a job or are we just going to  post  dirty pieces of content every week?
Josiah: I know which one I'd rather do, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and then it's like, once you get it going and everything, well, man, you can go live in Bali, you can go live in Thailand, you're going to do whatever the  you want, do it wherever you want. You've just got to, I guess, initially do it, if that makes sense.
Josiah: I think my baby mama would have something to say about that, but. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Maybe take her over there on the 50-50 schedule.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly. So any questions on that stuff at all?
Josiah: It's pretty straightforward, mate. I know what to do. I just need to  get it done. And obviously, probably audit my schedule and my Google calendar and have a look at, okay, well, how can I optimize my week to actually make sure I'm tired? I'm blocking, you know, solid content hours in the times that I'm actually more creative and have more mental space. Like, I'm not going to do six hours of face-to-face PT and then try and knock out videos after that because I'm  done, you know? Yeah, exactly. So let's pick a day that's like path of least resistance, you know, get a coffee, get a bit of blood flow in the morning, get a bit of the sun, and then smash out six. Talking head videos within 30 minutes, have a script written up for each of them, and then the reaction videos can tinker around with that for a few hours. So then I've got, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Even if you could figure out, like if there's a client or something you got that's like kind of  funny and , you know, maybe you could even get a thing going. Who does this well with his, and again, he doesn't do, I think his name's Jake, Jack.
Josiah: It's Jack. He's got that big, yeah, this is good.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, like he doesn't have crazy following anything, but like, I would , I'm not a betting man, but I bet that he does pretty  well with his coaching. You know what mean?
Josiah: 100%. This guy would be dialed in.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, right. Again, he does not get crazy views by any means, man.
Josiah: He has this guy that's in all of his videos.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. But you come to this page, man. And like, well, one, you come to this page and you know exactly what he does, right? And what he's about, his personality and everything. And again, like, this is great because it's literally showing him working with the majority of clients that you probably work with. You know, dudes overweight, everything. But he shows him that, one, he forms an actual personal connection with him and he makes it look like the gym is actually a fun, enjoyable place for him. Like, if you could maybe do something on the long lines, but that, you know, awesome.
Josiah: Yeah. Okay. He's doing the podcast stuff as well.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if you do a podcast, then great, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't throw that in the mix.
Josiah: Let's, let's just learn how to  walk first without the training wheels, you know?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, exactly.
Josiah: That's the missing piece for me, I think. The front end content funneling more numbers through the system. Because once you're in that sales process, I feel like that's pretty dialed, and delivery and backend systems, I feel like, are okay. Obviously, we can dial that in even more once we've got this initial kind of foundation laid, and then once the leads are coming in, then we can start to, you know, pick apart delivery and all of that.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. It's just that, again, what's the biggest bottleneck? If we can get this content going, can get leads coming through the door. That stuff is all fine. Like, going for four sales on Parkland and stuff, man, like, that's a great indicator that the sales skill's already there, which means that we just need to bring more leads in.
Josiah: Yeah, talk to me on the phone for five minutes.
Kyle Musca: You're , honestly. Yeah, exactly. So let's start the conversations. Don't, again, don't just try and go for the kill. We'll just start the conversation and get them to that point.
Josiah: Yeah, here we go, Park, run. At the same time as Instagram, get Instagram up and running, and then we'll be swaying. Cool, mate. Yeah. Click very clear on what we need to do, and get the transcription to me, or the notes, or whatever, and then I can just execute on the plan, bro. All good.
Kyle Musca: Beautiful, If you get caught up, just let me know. Otherwise, just keep sending me through videos that you do as well, and I'll review them.
Josiah: Legend, mate.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, bro. All right, man. Will you enjoy your weekend, and I'll chat to you soon.
Josiah: Thanks, brother.
Kyle Musca: Have a good one. You too. See you, bro. Bye.


>>> 246/250 | Introductory Meeting Consulting FZCO | 2026-02-16T07:26:10Z | id:122558654
People: Kyle Musca, Ritika Vaswani Satija, Umesh Kshirsagar, Kyle Musca

Ritika Vaswani Satija: Right? Yeah. So now, can you please explain to me from the start till the end, how do you get the clients? How exactly do provide these services? When do you invoice them? And stuff like that. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: So most of it comes through social media, so either organically or through paid marketing. And then I'll have a team that sort of sets them, so like appointments setters essentially. And then I have a team that calls them, closes them, and then they become a client, and then I have coaches that fulfill them. Okay.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: So basically, we'll see a lot of marketing expenses for the company in that case, right? Yeah. Yeah. So these marketing expenses that you're talking about, do you take these services from a third party? for somewhere that case.
Kyle Musca: Well, Okay. I pay... Well, I pay... pay... pay... Well, Like meta to do the marketing. Like that's the platform. But I, for the most part, I run it myself. I do have contractors though for my marketing team. Right, right, right.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: So that's what we're actually where I was going with. So basically, as you said that you have, you don't have employees under your own company's name, is it? Not employees. I have, I basically contract everyone. Correct. these are third parties on contract basis, kind of freelancers. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, okay. So, these, I would like to tell you that all these contracts that you enter into, right, you'll have to share it with us so that we can check if it clearly states what it needs to state. So that we can put these as business expenses for your company. So basically, when we prepare your financials, as you know, there would be sales, sales, which you are actually invoicing your clients for, and there would be expenses.-way, this, oh, you, Like these, contract, the freelancer's contracts will be considered as direct expenses. So for that, we will need your contracts with them. And how do you pay these freelancers?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I usually pay them through Amex or PayPal or Wise. Okay.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: So it's through PayPal or Wise. Okay. But I hope this is directly from your company's bank account.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So, yes. So the Amex will obviously be through Amex, and then I'll repay the Amex invoice, I guess, through the company bank account. And then I'll pay through PayPal directly from my bank. Well, I have, I haven't switched over to my UAE account, but they'll send me a PayPal link. and then I'll pay from my bank account through PayPal to them. Okay, okay.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: And you do have a company's bank account in UAE under your company's name? Bank account, yeah.
Kyle Musca: It's only like recently properly been set up within the last two weeks or so where it's actually started to take cash.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Okay. So before that you were paying through your personal account?
Kyle Musca: Through my Australian bank account. Okay.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Australian bank account. All right. I have a question. So how do you operate? Like you have a UAE clients or you have a whole international, you operating global or like only in Australia. What kind of clients do you have? It's technically global.
Kyle Musca: A lot of them are Australian though.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: So are there like, are there any seminars or what kinds of workshops you conduct?
Kyle Musca: It's all online, but if there's a benefit to doing something like that, I could always look at doing it. Okay.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Okay. So, all right. So now I wanted to know, I can see that your company's operational since September 2025, as per the trade license. Yeah. Yeah? Have you made any sales since then? Yep.
Kyle Musca: Yes.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: So, okay. So from September until February, whatever sales you've made, right, you must have invoiced your clients for that.
Kyle Musca: I run it all through Stripe. So that'll be through Stripe. Yeah. Ah, okay.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: So everything you receive is via Stripe, aren't they?
Kyle Musca: Yes. Yeah. That Stripe is my payment processing system.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: So I would like to tell you something. I don't know if you're aware of it. It's called as VAT in UAE, which is a tax, which is 5% tax that you to charge to your clients if you cross a turnover of or a sales of 375,000 dirhams. Yeah, that's profit, isn't it? That is actually turnover, not only net profit. Right.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: So for that, I would like to know what exactly sales you made. So what we'll do is we'll need your Stripe account details or if you can give us the statements that you generate from Stripe from the start of your business to today so that we can check what exactly are the sales you've made. So basically there are three types of sales that you can make. Either five percent, which means. It that you've provided services to UA clients, either 0%, which means that you've provided services to outside UA clients, which is export of service, basically. And the third one is out of scope, which means you've provided services staying outside to outside UA clients. So what I think is, since it's your consultancy business and your company is registered in UA, you might either fall under 0% or 5%.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, I haven't worked with anyone inside the UAE. Like, I don't have any clients inside the UAE. As of now.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: So all clients are outside UAE, which will come under 0%, which is like export of services. Although I know you might be staying in Australia and providing services to clients outside UAE, but since your company is registered in UAE, and it is something like a consultancy business, which means you have to be, like, you have to be present. For the consultancy, even if it's online, it's something going through you, this will come under 0% of VAT. So even for 0% of VAT, we have to register your company for VAT if you have crossed the threshold of 375,000 dirhams. If we don't do it within 30 days of you crossing that limit, then unfortunately the FDA applies a penalty of 10,000 dirhams. So that's the reason I have to check that, the turnover. Okay, we should probably check that soon then because it would have been over. That's what, yeah, correct, correct. So that's the reason I asked you to send me all the Stripe account details or the statement so that we can just check how much sales have you made.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, what would be easier for me to send that or for me to give you access to my Stripe account?
Ritika Vaswani Satija: So as you wish, if you're very, if it's very convenient for you to just download. If the statement, may do so, or you can share the credentials with us so that we can check and download by ourselves.
Kyle Musca: Will you need to do this in the future, like often?
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Yes, because all your sales are actually through Stripe, as you told me. So on a monthly basis, we'll have to check the sales through Stripe account. Okay, I'll add you to my Stripe account.
Kyle Musca: I recently created my new Dubai Stripe account, because previously I was running everything through my Australian Stripe account that would go to my Australian bank account. Is it the company turnover in general from when I established it in September, or is it just the turnover that's come through the new UAE Stripe account to my UAE bank account?
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Actually, if I have to put it very clearly, I would suggest you to send me UAE. So Stripe account details. Why I'm saying this is because you have not invoiced your clients under your company's name as of now, right?
Kyle Musca: They are now, but that was only, I only probably transitioned everything less than a month ago into my UAE Stripe account to my UAE bank account.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Okay, so when we check Fathom, what we check is if the invoices are issued by your UAE company's name to your clients, and if you have received any amount in your UAE bank account.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so that's all coming through recently, but that's only in the last month, so that's probably given us a bit more time.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Mm-hmm, that's what, that's what I was thinking, that whatever you've done personally so far, if I don't consider that, then whatever you've received in your UAE bank account and through the UAE Stripe account might be helpful for us. Okay, I'm just looking at that.
Kyle Musca: Okay, I'll give you administrator access in my Stripe account.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: What would be the best email to add? Umesh, the one that he sent you, right? The emails he shared with you, that you can reply to that. I'm also mounted those emails. I'm CC'd as Ritika. The Umesh at Shuraa Tax.com? Correct. Correct. And I believe I'm also CC'd. as R-I-T-I-K-A, at Shuraa Tax.
Kyle Musca: Oh, yeah.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: We'll also need all the bank statements that you have from the start of the business. Yeah, you told me that it's been recently that you've opened a bank account. One would be regarding all the transactions that you've done for the previous month, and the second would be if any changes you've made in your trade license, like if you've added any activity or changed something there, then we have to update that in the FTA portal within 20 days. So, you know, we'll have to have an idea of if you have changed anything so that we can update the FTA portal as soon as possible. So, these two emails you'll receive from Umesh on a daily basis. If you have any questions, you can definitely, I'll ask him to prepare a WhatsApp group between three of us, so that if you have any questions, you can just inform us accordingly. Yeah. And since you're using a Stripe account, on a monthly basis, I would suggest to prepare an invoice, a general invoice, although I know that you're not issuing invoices to your client directly, but a general invoice so that we can record that and match that with our financials. Okay, yep.
Kyle Musca: But first let me check your Stripe account.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: I'll just go through it, check what is required, what is not, and accordingly, then you'll suggest you about this.
Kyle Musca: Is there on that as well? Because I have the two businesses coming into the same bank account. Is it hard for me to create like a second account within my existing bank account? So with just a different payout sort of account, so I can separate the two. So like one business goes into this account, the other business goes into this account? Actually, it depends on the company name.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: So if you are doing these two businesses under the same company name, then you don't have to have separate bank accounts.
Kyle Musca: I mean, just like clarification of like splitting the funds equally, is that okay? As long as it's in, like, I'll have the same sort of bank account, but I'll just create a second account in that, if that makes sense.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Yeah, but can you do that? Because I--- I am sure that in one bank account, you can have different multiple currencies, right? But in the same bank account, how would you segregate two businesses?
Kyle Musca: As long as I can, like, essentially just have the, like, my fitness coaching business, the payouts go to account A, and then my consulting business, the payouts go to account B, if that makes sense. So just so I can see, you know, this week I made $10,000, and this week I made $5,000.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Yeah, I mean, if, if that is convenient for you, definitely you can do that. But this, these two businesses that you're talking about are under the same trade license, right? Because I'll just share my screen with you, and I'll show you the trade license that we have, so that we have a clarity on what exactly we are discussing about.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, the trade license and everything is fine. And I was just wondering if that makes a difference, because I just wanted to split the two anyway, just so I could see. you. Like, I don't want to pay for things for my fitness coaching business out of the money I make for my consulting business, if that makes sense. So I just want to separate the two clearly.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Okay, okay. So this is the trade license that we have. And the activities, as you can see, is lifestyle coaching and management consultancy. So by two businesses, you mean these two businesses, right? Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, I mean, for your ease, you can definitely have, you can definitely have two bank accounts. In that case, we need two, I mean, both the statements, statements of both the bank accounts on a monthly basis. That's not a problem. If you can self-digate. That totally depends on how you want to do it. That's not a problem. At all. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: And also, as I told you that your invoices, which, mean, the services that you put. Purchase from outside, right? These are your purchases. For example, the freelancers contracts and everything. So from the start of your business, whatever expenses you've done for the company, those invoices also will require so that we can record those as your business expenses. For example, company formation, which I'm sure is from Shuraa. So we can get those invoices internally. Other than that, if any other invoices that you have, you can share those also with us so that we can record those as your business expenses. Even though, even if you've paid it to your personal account, it might be considered as business expenses. Okay. The only criteria is all the invoices should be in the name of your company.
Kyle Musca: That should, uh, okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Also moving forward, make sure that the invoices that you receive from these freelancers or for anything related to the expenses that you own. With the business are in the name of your company, because if it's not in the name of the company, we won't be able to take it as a business expense. Yeah, I will let them know about that now.
Kyle Musca: And in terms of the name of the company, it's the Kyle Musca FCO. Yep.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Very, very, very, very, very, Send that to them now.
Kyle Musca: Okay.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: you want me to feed them, that it's exactly, you can just feed them, that you would need the payment to order. Okay. Okay. Perfect. Thank you. Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Okay. Thank you.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Thank Thank
Kyle Musca: And then I'll, you'll send me a recap, but I also need to go create new contracts with all my freelancers? Correct.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Okay, yep, I can get that done. Anything else that you would want to discuss or know more about?
Kyle Musca: Um, maybe just paying my personal account, um, because I have to do, like, a set amount every single month, don't I? Right.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: Actually, I'm going to come to that. Yeah. So, basically, there is something called as a remuneration agreement, which will be between you and your company, right? You, we'll send you a format, you can change that format as per your requirements, and you can fix an amount which should not be too high. Okay. Okay. Okay. So as to match with the ongoing market. So basically, a same company like yours, how much would they be paying their owner or their CEO, right? It should match with the, it's something called as transfer pricing in our terms. So it should not be too high. It should be a reasonable amount because if tomorrow the FTA or the auditor comes back asking you about the amount, then you should be able to explain it to them. Why are you taking this amount? Why this amount and why not something else? Yeah, so that will again depend on you because you know your business best. So you know how much effort you're putting into your business and how much you should be paid accordingly. So on a monthly basis, you can actually transfer that amount from the company's bank account to your own personal account. And we'll be taking that as a managerial remuneration after reducing 5% to 10% of the net profits. Because we have to kind of preserve some amount. So that if in future the company needs it for any kind of exigency, we have that much in reserves. It's just for namesake, basically, nothing to worry about. But yeah, after reducing 5% or 10%, depending on the net profits, rest, you can actually transfer it to yourself, to your personal bank account. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And does that have to be a set amount, like a salary, or can that be like commission-based? It can be commission-based also.
Ritika Vaswani Satija: It can be salary commission-based. Or what you can do is, what we suggest is, you always put that fixed amount, for example, minimum amount, for example, 10,000 dirhams per month. And then you can mention that, depending on the turnover of the company, I'll be taking 5%, 2%, 3% of the turnover or sales or net profits. So in that remuneration agreement, it's already mentioned. You just have to fill in what you feel like, like what makes you feel right about it. So accordingly, can fill that. Okay. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. Anything else as of now? No, that's all good. Thank you. Right. All right. So, yeah. So if you have any questions, you can just drop us a message on the WhatsApp group, or you can email us. We prefer sending documents via email so that we have a track of everything. So, but for your questions, you can definitely drop us a message or something if you need. Okay. Perfect. Awesome. Thank you for that. Great. Thank you so much for your time. Have a great day. too. You, too. Bye.


>>> 247/250 | Jotform Enterprise Introduction // EMP | 2025-11-26T03:16:33Z | id:104421866
People: Richard Martin, Kyle Musca, Kyle Musca

Richard Martin: To figure out if you are looking at JotForm Enterprise and if you're in the right spot. Do you want to bring me up to pace? Are you looking to subscribe to JotForm Enterprise or are just looking to find out some JotForm info?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, potentially. I've just got a team of closers and my operations manager and stuff that needs access to the JotForms.
Richard Martin: So I'm on the Bronze membership at the moment and I'm happy with the stuff that comes with it.
Kyle Musca: I just need multiple users to be able to log in, essentially.
Richard Martin: Okay, okay. So you're getting multiple user only. How many team members do you have that are needing to access the back end of JotForm?
Kyle Musca: Probably only like two others, really.
Richard Martin: Okay. So that's possible in JotForm Enterprise. It is only possible in JotForm Enterprise, unfortunately. The personal plans, Bronze, Silver, Gold, they're single user only. They've been made for a person. JotForm Enterprise is different. been set up. You're basically set up on your own dedicated service. So your data stays in Australia, in this example. And then each user has their own logins. It's a much larger investment, though, Kyle, for JotForm Enterprise because of those security infrastructure or because of the architecture behind it. So the smallest plan for JotForm Enterprise, comes with five user seats out of a box, sort of out of bubble wrap, along with your own branding and domain and all that good stuff. But it's $8,300 for 12 months, USD as well. So it's around 12 and a half Aussie for sort of the smallest plan to get started. Is that within the wheelhouse for yourselves to get the other team members on board? Otherwise, I can guide you about how you can just share some tables with them, like, sporadically. They won't have direct access, but if you need to, like, for example, share a table with them just to see some submission data, you can use those collaboration links. What extent of access do they need?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, they wouldn't need like anything crazy like that. If I was going to do that, I could just like hook them up through GoHullable or something like that. Essentially, it's just like if someone applies for, you know, my coaching, for example, then my closer can just see, contact, and reach out.
Richard Martin: Okay, well, yeah, what you might be able to do. So, yeah, so what I recommend you doing is if you can't, if JotForm Enterprise is outside of the wheelhouse for pricing, this is an enterprise environment, but it should be able to get the picture. So with JotForm Enterprise, when this is an organizational plan, so each user has their own logins, and they can log into the account, same time, different time zones, however they work. And they can basically come in and access respective forms, or you can set up teams, like a specific team where certain forms are here. Like let's say this is your coaching inquiry form where they come in as a lead, and you have your team members, your closers. Who need to be able to log in to JotForm and access this form and the submissions, and they can just jump in here and call said applicant, then that's possible, but that's going to require them to have a back-end user seat. If that's outside of the wheelhouse for yourself, but you just want them to get like an immediate notification that somebody's made a submission, you might be able to just, for example, in the bronze plan, have your form set up with the form itself, of go through and have like automatic notifications set up here in the settings. So let's say this is your application form, somebody's inquiring about your coaching. In the settings here, you could basically go into the email section and set up a notification so that whatever recipients that you put in here, so with the bronze plan, I'm not sure how many that you can put in there, might cap out of a certain number, but you should be able to get more than one at least. But those email addresses will get an immediate notification. A notification once one of these interested parties permits the form as an applicant or as an inquiry for yourself. So that'll at least give them an immediate notification and allow them to see the raw text of what the submission was without you having to go down the enterprise route.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, cool. With the team stuff, am I able to do that on the bronze? Like if they just need to see like one form?
Richard Martin: No, unfortunately, because it's a single user only plan. So you might be able to set up a team, but it's tough because you're the only team member because it's a personal plan. So that's an enterprise related for you to really get the most effect out of it. The best way for you to be able to get around that without going enterprise, just assuming that you're not looking at that avenue, would be to probably do those notifications. Or you could, you can also set up like a workflow. So I don't know if you've gone down the workflow rabbit hole, but like with JotForm, you can basically have a sequential set of events that unfold once a form has been submitted. So like, for example, this is just in like real high level. It hasn't been modified very well, but form gets submitted. So let's say this is your coaching course, person inquires, form, you want this to come down through to select people. So it could be yourself, we've got Rose here and me, and you want them to actually get an email notification to review this application. And then once they've reviewed it, you want them to ultimately approve or deny it. So this step, so once they approve or deny, or once they, for example, you can change the terminology, accept or decline, pardon the spelling. You can then, for example, have that if it's accepted, that applicant gets an email saying, congratulations, you've been accepted, et cetera. So that's much as much as they're just getting a notification. It's not directed back. Back-end database access itself. So I think you'll need to work within the confines of one of them if you don't want to go to the enterprise route.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's no stress. The other option I was looking at was just setting up a Zap to create a contact in GoHullable.
Richard Martin: So I might just keep with that. Zapier, yeah, Zapier opens up some options there if you have something that you want to connect it to. And obviously, you're going to have to have a Zapier account. But yeah, that opens up options as well for you to be able to get data into other places. So yeah, depending on where you want that to go, what was the place that you wanted it to land in via Zapier?
Kyle Musca: So I'll just put it in an opportunity bucket and GoHullable so that he can just like, so it basically just created the contact and then he can just reach out that way.
Richard Martin: The easier fix. Yeah, that might be even better. Yeah, exactly. Cool, awesome, Carl. Okay, well, I'll leave it to you. But it sounds like you've got it covered. But let us know if you ever end up wanting to look at Enterprise down the track, in the meantime, sounds like you're sorted. Yeah, okay. No worries. Cheers for that.


>>> 248/250 | Kyle Musca's Charlie AI Live Demo | 2026-03-06T10:18:31Z | id:127747665
People: Kyle musca, Drew Millington, Kyle Musca

Drew Millington: Hey, Kyle.
Kyle Musca: Hey, how going?
Drew Millington: Good, man. How are doing?
Kyle Musca: Good, good.
Drew Millington: What time is it there?
Kyle Musca: It's 5 p.m. at the moment.
Drew Millington: Nice, nice. Yeah, man, it's nice to meet you. Curious, were you a referral, or how did you find out about Charlie?
Kyle Musca: So I actually used Charlie maybe a year ago, six months, a year ago.
Drew Millington: Okay.
Kyle Musca: I've got the bot built out, but I couldn't, it was doing, so essentially what I wanted to do was setting properly, was setting the calls properly, but then I needed it to enter into a post-booking flow, and I needed to set up webhooks through GoHighLevel, but the development team I was using just couldn't figure that out, and it was just costing me too much to keep it running.
Drew Millington: Oh, okay. Gotcha, man. That's strange, because I don't remember that. I'm the chief commercial officer here. I don't do a lot The demos, but every time, like, I'm always up pretty early and the sales team is like, you know, the sales team. So they're still sound asleep. So you got me, but, okay. Well, let me, that's strange on the post-booking. Usually that's, you know, pretty straightforward and something that we can help you with. But, you know, you obviously, who are you working with?
Kyle Musca: Like, who is your account manager? Uh, kind of exactly. Like, it was, I think I bought it through an external, uh, team. So, um, and then it just took, like, the initial build was, like, six months. And then that was the last problem. Um, and I was like, well, he said, uh, be, you know, end of the week, we'll have it fixed. Then it was like three months went by. I was like, nah, I'm just sick of it. Um, dude, I'm sorry.
Drew Millington: That sucks.
Kyle Musca: No, you're right. Like, the booking, until the call booking, it was great. And then if it could just do the post-booking. It would have been fantastic, but I just could not get that across the line.
Drew Millington: Okay. And the post-booking just for show rate, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, just a reinforced show up rate, just to explain how to get on the call. It was pretty simple.
Drew Millington: Man, that's so strange because like, and you're using GHL, right?
Kyle Musca: Yeah.
Drew Millington: Yeah. Okay. Because like typically, you know, if we, like it's typically triggered by, maybe this is just an external thing, but, you know, typically if look like a standard fit pro, you know, whether it's hard DMs or hard CTA, soft CTA, whatever, you know, someone's reached note, Hey, here's a free guide. If it's Whitney, look at your erection guidance, what's your main goal, you know, that kind of thing. And then just following up endlessly, right? Until we get someone to raise a hand, the hand is typically, sorry, you've been busy with life, hope you can lose some weight. Then it's a gap cell, you know, what have you tried in the past? You know, are you qualified, you know, that's the standard, right? I mean, we've got, like, at least 100 BitPros using Charlie now. And, yeah, like, once Charlie actually books the appointment, it's all done through GHL. So, like, in this case, Charlie goes through, right, guy wants to chat at 3, Charlie will book the call, move the deal to booked inside of GHL. And then, as soon as that's done, we trigger our other agent, but it's usually through GHL and the pipeline. And so, it's a strange kind of thing, because if we look at, like, a pipeline here, you know, once we move someone to booked, right, that triggers our share rate agent. And that will look like this. And so, Charlie will, like, reach out impersonating you or a closer, say, you know, hey, Drew, Kyle here. Sorry for having me come through. Looking forward to our call. Just heads up. don't allow our schedule to miss the call. Like, something bold, you know, let people know we're not sitting around playing cards. And then, typically, Charlie will, like, drop the VSL, you know. Or, you know, hey, give this a look before you get on the call. Seven-step lead nurture sequence we use with all of our Fit Pros that average like a 70%, 80% show. And, yeah, man, rock and roll. And that's typically the surface, you know? And then after that, we're building, you know, no-show cancellation, rebooking agents. Like a typical client that's a Fit Pro will have like, you know, inbound if they're opted to SMS or they're, you know, IGDM, you know, cancellation, no-show, low-ticket downsell, rapid booking, post-booking, scholarship play for old leads, you know? Like, you kind of run the gauntlet.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. So I have that, like, pretty much built out still. I think the lead ratio was like 40-something percent. It was high. Like, was happy with that. And then just because they couldn't... Couldn't engage the post-booking flow, which I think is built out. I think they just couldn't connect the webhook or whatever. My shop rate went from like 60% to 20% overnight.
Drew Millington: Oh!
Kyle Musca: Yeah, and I was like, I just can't afford to keep, you know, dragging this through the mud.
Drew Millington: No, dude. No, not at all. Okay. Yeah, I mean, you know, lots, I mean, I think that's kind of the challenge sometimes with the third parties. Like, we love our partners, but we've actually even ourselves moved to a place where we're just like, hey, guys, just like, don't try to do this yourself, you know? It's just like, you know, clients get frustrated, and it's just easier for us to just do it, you know? And, like, you know, we don't require development resources. It's just like, like, yeah, because even with GHL, you'd have to have a giant mess of a CRM for this to be challenging. Interesting. Um, okay, man.
Kyle Musca: Um, well, that's why I wanted to chat to you today, because I was like, can we... just sold someone out.
Drew Millington: Yeah, it's strange. Yeah, mean, listen, let's pass to the pass, right? But yeah, mean, the only time we ever run into issues like this is like if a client isn't using GHL, they're using like some crazy, you know, Toyota car dealership CRM, you know, like by and large, it's pretty straightforward. Yeah. So they probably just didn't know how to do it. and then just kind of maybe dicked you around for a while because it's not a challenging workflow to build. Like our goal, so whenever we set up Charlie, and I'll, let just actually stop sharing for a second. I just want to find out what your old pricing was.
Kyle Musca: His name was Kevin. Kevin and Josh, and then they sort of split up.
Drew Millington: Oh. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I know exactly who you're talking about now. Okay. That's strange, though, even them. Do you remember what you were paying?
Kyle Musca: I bet like $12,000 for the build-out, and then I think they wanted like, I think they originally agreed to like $500 USD a month, and then they wanted like $1,000 USD, and they kept asking for money before the build-out was like complete.
Drew Millington: I was like, I'm not paying you anything more. Yeah, totally, man. Let me just try to find something. Well, whatever. I'll look for it afterwards. Yeah, that's strange. mean, they did have like a reseller rate, but that's probably collecting everything on the top end. For us, we typically charge a $3,000 implementation, and then we have a fit. Pro exclusive offer where we give it for $1,500 a month. It's typically $3,000. But I can try to see if I can honor that $1,000 and obviously waive the build out. I'll just need to go see if that's something I can swing. Yeah.
Kyle Musca: I mean, I can still log in. Like, it's all there still. Because I spent so much time at the end of it. I was like, I'm just going to go through this and try and figure it out myself. Like, reword it. Because, like, even, I don't know, when I started picking it apart, was like, this is not done, you know, to a very good degree. Yeah. Like, those are the inputs they put and everything. So I just gutted it, reworded everything. It's all there. The only other issue I had was that it wouldn't let me upload training documents and everything. So, like, currently, I use my manual DM set, like, human DM setters, and they just, like, run it through AI and, you know, trained it really, really well, replies fantastically. It's like, obviously, if I can just remove them and have this as a streamlined thing, then happy day.
Drew Millington: Yeah. Yeah, that's the move. Yeah, that's great, man. I mean, yeah, I think, you know, let me just go chase down the pricing stuff. And yeah, and then like literally we could just, I'll send you like a checkout link once I can confirm if I can honor that. And then if not, I'll let you know. But otherwise you will, yeah, we'll just, we'll, we'll do it for you, you know, check everything else out. Just make sure GHL is repping and then, and then launch. Yeah, that's strange. 12 grand.
Kyle Musca: What would be the, I guess, like how difficult is it to sort of replicate this if I did want to resell it?
Drew Millington: Because I do work with like other coaches to help manage and scale their business. The best thing then honestly would be to just, so what we do from an affiliate standpoint is we give, we give our partner. 20% recurring. there's kind of like, there was two schools. The school that was very rare was like what those guys were doing, which is like using a third-party software like ours and doing the implementation and everything else, right? And then we actually like, our previous reseller rate was $1,000. So I don't know how they were charging $500. Because we would give it to them for $1,000. And then they would mark it up to, you know, $3,000 or $5,000 or something like that. We didn't really like those engagements. Honestly, was just one of those things that was part of what they did. We actually have a lot of partners and we give a 20% recurring fee for life. And so like, if you, you know, so typically, like right now, what we do for partners is our license is $3,000 a month. I'll just share my screen. So our license is $3,000 a month. And. We give it to any of our referral partners. give their clients the license for $2,000 just as like a discount. Like, hey, we get a discount. Plus, it's like we don't spend a lot of money on marketing, so we're happy to do it because the CAC is so inexpensive because it comes from partners. So we give it to your referrals for $2,000, and then we give you a 20% commission for life. So you get $400 a month for every person you intro. So, like, all we need you to do is, like, go basically sign up for my first promoter. Oh, this is a new laptop. We'd get you a link. You sign up. And, like, man, even if you just, like, we had a partner the other day that was in music. Like, he teaches, like, high-tech coach for drums. And he was just in a mastermind. And they were like, you know, how are you guys managing setting? He's like, oh, man, I had five setters. All I do is use Charlie now. And they're like... Oh. What hell is Charlie? And he just dropped his affiliate link and 10 people signed up. And so it's like, so that'd be like, you know, four grand a month recurring if you just put a link in a Slack channel. So yeah, well, that's how we do it on the referral side. And yeah, man, I'm happy to set you up as a referral partner for sure. And then it's just like, yeah, and then you're not worrying about building this out in CRMs and anything else like that. We've got a full implementation team, full client account management team that just, this is all they do all day is build, support, and optimize our clients.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah, perfect. Yeah, because, yeah, yeah. Ideally, I just wanted to get it ideally up and right. Because I said this to them as well, like if we can, you know, get it right, then I'm happy to try and get it in other people's accounts as well.
Drew Millington: Yeah, no, I appreciate it, man. And yeah, I mean, like that's, because even for our fit pros, like, yeah, this would be fine, man. I think like, you know, let me, let me chase down the pricing, see what I can do. Um, I'll, uh, I'll hit you up. Um, you gotta give me a couple hours because it's early here. Um, but I'll hit you up and then, um, yeah, we'll just, we'll, we'll get it live. Um, let us do, what I'll do is I'll get, um, so Whitney, um, I'll get Whitney. I want to schedule like a kickoff and a build. If you're open-minded to it, we don't have to, but I'd love to just, it'd be free. I'd love to just give it a once-over, especially the, the show rate thing and whatnot. We actually, one of our implementation specialists, she's a pharmacist, created her own FitPro offer. Um, the high ticket coaching was just, and her coaches, you know, she was just having, it was a pain in the  for her. And she already had like two pharmacies. So she dropped the high ticket coaching program, but I really loved Charlie and so stayed on. Um, and so I would get her to do a rep of your, you know, your use case and, um, the show rate agent and that kind of thing. Cause like our, our clients typically average, like, you know. Like 70, 80% show with our system. And honestly, it's like putting it together is pretty straightforward for us.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, yeah. What would be the best way to, you know, contact you or the team?
Drew Millington: Yeah, yeah, I can, I can, I mean, email. So I can send you an email after this or WhatsApp if that works for you.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, WhatsApp would probably be better. use that for everything. Yeah, because I'm not, I mean, I'm sure you could probably jump in the back end and have a look, but it was like probably 80 to 90% built. was just simply putting that workbook through and connecting it. So once the core books, it kills switch on the first one so it doesn't re-enter into conversation and then just finishes off the conversation naturally. And I just could not get that to work.
Drew Millington: Oh, man, that's so strange. I'm sorry about that, dude. That's like, that's a lot of money to not be live. I'll make three. I'll just do it. Finding your number here. There we go. I got you. All right.
Kyle Musca: What would be the best WhatsApp to use?
Drew Millington: I just messaged you on the number I had in there. The 611-411-79613. Okay.
Kyle Musca: Perfect. Thank you.
Drew Millington: Yeah. So like, yeah, I mean, give me, give me a little bit. I mean, it's really just like, again, like I'm not on the sales team, so I'm not sure what the, what that stuff looks like, but let me, let me find out for you. I'm sure it'd be fine. And then, yeah, dude, we'll just like, I'll send you a basically a checkout link, you know, we'll get us, you know, just do a once over, make sure we get that, you know, that show rate agent set up and then, yeah, rock and roll. Yeah. Perfect. Okay. Cool. Sounds good. Thank you. All right. Cool. Thanks, Kyle. Bye. Cheers, man. Bye. Bye.


>>> 249/250 | Kyle/Tom catch-up | 2026-04-15T03:56:31Z | id:138065463
People: Kyle Musca, Foundation Men's Health, Kyle Musca

Foundation Men's Health: If you can hear me, looks like you might be on mute. Hey there. Hey bro, how you going? Good man, how are you?
Kyle Musca: Good, good apologies about that, was the join link wasn't working. Ah, oh good man, all good, how are you going?
Foundation Men's Health: Good, good.
Kyle Musca: It's just saying video sharing is disabled by the administrator. Ah, that's all good.
Foundation Men's Health: I know what you look like, I've seen your videos. Perfect, perfect. How are you, man?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good.
Foundation Men's Health: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Keeping busy. Had a, um, had a late one last night. took my daughter into a, I don't if you've heard of them, but Pierce the Veil. They're like a. I don't know what you'd call it, suppose, a pop-punk band. So it was a bit of a late one last night, but yeah, good, man, good, just keeping busy.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, nice, man, nice, I'd like to hear it. How about yourself?
Foundation Men's Health: So are you based in Thailand or you're in Brisbane or Queensland?
Kyle Musca: Yeah, so originally I'm from Gold Coast and then I moved my businesses to Dubai and then I've got a visa over here in Thailand and I can sort of just stay here. For as long as I want. Ah, cool, cool, cool.
Foundation Men's Health: So you're in Thailand now? Yeah, yeah.
Kyle Musca: Not a bad life over here. Say again? Not a bad life over here, so I can't really complain.
Foundation Men's Health: Yeah, yeah, yeah. What about your base? You in Phuket or? Yeah, yeah, right.
Kyle Musca: Down the very south of Phuket.
Foundation Men's Health: Okay. What's it called down there? Been there. And I've been down in the south of Phuket. Yeah, it's like in Rewai, a little bit further south in Shillong. Yeah, yeah. Ah, cool. All right, man. Well, yeah, cheers for hopping on. That's good. Yeah, I thought we could maybe, whether we could kind of help each other out and be beneficial. I kind of, yeah, I've got a few guys that are kind of doing a few referrals for me. So, yeah, they'll, so basically, what I've got them doing, I'll just share this. Can you see that screen? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, cool. So basically, this is just the website. I don't know if you've had a chance to look at it. If you have any particular... Potential patients or clients you're working with, if you, when they're filling out a questionnaire, if you get them to put in a referral code, it's Kyle, Kyle Musca, whatever you want to put in, I'll get a register of any sort of customers that come my way, and I can flick you like a referral payment. And, yeah, so if, yeah, if you're happy to do that, I've got a lot of clients too that are sort of, want to do, want online training, so I can flick them your way as well. So something very basic at this stage is kind of, if we can, yeah, push customers each way. Yeah, that's kind of what I was thinking. Is that something you'd be interested in? Yeah, potentially, man.
Kyle Musca: Like, I can always offer, like, just give it as a. I guess an opportunity for the guys in the team. A lot of them are sort of in their 30s and 40s, so their testosterone would be starting to take a better hit. So I guess, how long have you been doing this for?
Foundation Men's Health: So it's a new company, it's in its infancy, so we've been running for about three months now. So, yeah, we're just building, it's built reasonably quickly, to be honest with you. Like, it's something that I've kind of been planning for quite a few years, but it has, it's taking off. So, yeah, it's not like it's not a tested platform. Yeah, so basically what we offer, we do TRT, we do like weight loss GLP-1s, any sort of  health, erectile dysfunction issues. And then hair loss as well. So, yeah, it's a pretty, I suppose, complete package. We're getting, I'm getting a lot of sort of inquiries from females as well, kind of in that 35 to 55-year-old range looking at the weight loss component. So, yeah, I'm kind of looking at branching out possibly into doing that. mean, we take on females as well. But obviously it's a very masculine website and focused on men's health. So, yeah, it's something I'm kind of looking at, expanding into. Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: And, like, what's your background?
Foundation Men's Health: So, yeah, I've kind of did completely different backgrounds. So I've been working in the wine industry. So I work for a tech. in So I've in in the wine Thank A company that does irrigation scheduling. So, yeah, I've kind of, yeah, doing a whole heap of stuff, really. So I've got a few other businesses within the wine industry. And then, yeah, being into fitness, been around fitness, been around gyms my whole life, basically. So, yeah, it's kind of, I could see a real need. I'm based in Adelaide, South Australia. And I could just see a real need, obviously, for that age bracket in men, 35 and up, to optimise their hormones, basically. So, yeah, I could see a market for that. So kind of, yeah, that's how I got into it. But, yeah. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And how does the, sort of, like, this all work? Like, do you have sort of in-house doctors that do it? Or does this sort of just relate on to other?
Foundation Men's Health: Yeah, yeah. So I've got a couple of cheap... So basically, you know, they've got where once you go through the booking process, you get your bloods done through the website, then that goes into a different platform, Z-Med. So the patient will get the bloods. If they qualify, then they'll get basically a text directly from the Z-Med platform. Then that will, they can book a consult with the GPs. Yeah, so it's all in-house GPs. They're specialists, so they're not, they're GPs, but they're not GPs, if that makes sense. They specialize in men's hormones. So yeah, they're not, they're not reckless with their prescribing, but they are aware that there's, you know, a multitude of factors why, you know, even low-medium ranges can, aren't really optimum, so... Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: And I guess what's sort of the, I guess, the cost and stuff involved in this, just so I can, like, relay that to you?
Foundation Men's Health: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So it's $180 per month for TRT. And then, so that's the costings there. So medication is on top of that. So they, you basically get a script sent through e-script via SMS, and then you just fulfill that at your local pharmacy. So $180 per month gets you your subscription. And then, yeah, for the medical bloodloss, $160, ED $180. If, you know, if a patient has a multitude of issues where they need more than one service, we kind of, basically I'm doing $220, so an additional $40 per service on top of whatever, whatever their base service is. Um, Okay, So, yeah, that's the pricing. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And, like, it's a subscription-based model, and you said the, like, the medication on top. What comes with, like, let's say the 180 per month?
Foundation Men's Health: So that's, you know, all of your treatment, basically. So that covers your consults, follow-up consults, pretty much everything. So, you know, if you're, if you come across negative sides and you need additional consults, it's all, it's all included. So whatever is required for the 180, that's what it covers. Okay. Okay.
Kyle Musca: And do you have any options for, let's say, someone wants to, you know, potentially jump on TRT, give the prescription, everything like that, and maybe just have a follow-up every, you know, three to six months to review their blood work, or? Yeah, well, that's a pre-requisite.
Foundation Men's Health: So... The follow-ups are at three months, six months, nine months, and then a year. So basically, you'll get your four consults in a year as the basic minimum. If you require more than that, obviously, you're entitled to that. And then as you go through the years from 12 months, it goes 18 months and 24 months, so two within the following follow-up year. But, yeah, it's as per required. But we've, you know, I know guys on TRT that have had negative side effects and require more assistance than others. So, yeah, it's really patient-dependent. Yeah, okay. Okay, cool.
Kyle Musca: Yeah. And you said you've got, you've been up for a couple of months now. Do you mind if I ask how many sort of like clients have you brought on board or come through so far? Yeah, so we've got 15 on the books already.
Foundation Men's Health: So it's, you know, I was looking at... Particularly in the first couple of months, just getting perhaps one or two as kind of word-of-mouth spreads and Google Ads did its thing, SEO. But yeah, so we've got 15 on the books already. So it's progressing quickly. So when you do a questionnaire, basically, if you hop in and start doing your questionnaire, once this is completed, I'll just run you through the process. So, you know, we're seeing a few guys that are on TRTs with other companies that are not happy with the service. But they're kind of looking for something a little bit more stable. So basically, if you go through the questionnaire and you... You haven't flagged like a, you know, if you're too young, if you're under 18, you won't be able to get to this stage. There's certain questions within there that won't allow you through. But if you are suitable, you can book your blood test. So the blood test is an additional cost at the start of the process. And then, so basically once you book your blood test, that will come through. Your blood test will be sitting here for me to see. I'll get the results. The GP will do an analysis of the bloods. And then, yeah, we'll kind of, from that, the process begins. And then that, so whenever the, whenever one of those questionnaires is filled out, that feed. Straight into my CRM. So we've got a list of leads from the CRM. So basically, I do have a couple of guys that are doing referrals for me. So I do a monthly newsletter basically promoting your service or the referrer service. There's one here. I had it up before. But basically, yeah. So I've got a list of leads. These guys potentially might not go through and book a blood test. They might just have done a questionnaire, got to the blood test and, you know, for whatever reason said, oh, I don't want to pay that money up front for a blood test. So, you know, there's been a lot of weight loss questionnaires where, you know, doing the questionnaire itself might make them feel like they're kind of achieving something. So by then we've got to, you know, I've got a leads list. Now that are potential future patients, so yeah, so I'm sending them out a monthly newsletter with kind of promotional stuff, things like that. So yeah, I've built a fairly robust, I suppose, system around it to be able to track it. We've had pretty good, pretty good internet activity. So yesterday, we had 59 people come through. We can kind of flag what pages they're going on, how long they're spending there, you know, what the bounce rate is, where they're coming from. So yeah, there's been, there's been quite a, quite a bit of activity, kind of putting a fair bit of money into Google Ads just to get. quite bit. So So there's there's quite To get it happening and get it spreading. Got a marketing, small marketing team working on socials and things like that. So yeah, it's progressed reasonably well. But yeah, I do see a good link between online trainers, you know, being able to kind of get customers or patients going both kind of ways. And then obviously if you, you know, every time one of the leads comes in from a referrer, that will be flagged in here and I'll be able to keep track of what, you know, where the patients are coming from. Yeah, okay.
Kyle Musca: And I guess what would you say your main sort of system of lead acquisition is at the moment? Like, is it mainly Google Ads or?
Foundation Men's Health: Yeah, um, it's a white law. Google Ads, mean, people seem to be Googling weight loss a lot, and then doing the questionnaire, we've probably had, I think we've got four weight loss customers or patients, but yeah, probably a mixture of both. There's, you know, we want to start putting some content out. So there has been an initial, I suppose, social media avenue straight into the website, but yeah, I'd say Google would be the biggest, but yeah. Yeah, okay, yeah.
Kyle Musca: The only reason I ask for that is because I've got a, like another business that's basically set up to market other, like fitness coaches. But I mean, this is a pretty similar, really, so it's just my curiosity, but okay. Okay, perfect, man. Hmm.
Foundation Men's Health: Okay. So, yeah, that's kind of the word we're sitting here. I mean, have a think about it, but something you kind of want to, we don't have to, you know, I've got a couple of guys who had managers who wanted fairly robust contracts put in place. I've got another guy who is more chill about it and kind of, you know, we're just kind of doing things back and forth. I'm putting in some, you know, some clients. He's giving me a couple of guys on TRT. So it's really up to you, man. Like, if you, if it's something you're interested in and can kind of see value in it, then, yeah, definitely happy to work together. If it's something, yeah, you don't really want to align with it, either way, it's all good. Yeah, no, for sure.
Kyle Musca: No, for sure. What's with the weight loss? Is that more like the, I know you kind of mentioned it before, but is that like the peptides and stuff to go with that or what's it? Yeah.
Foundation Men's Health: So we're, I'm purely dealing with it from a medication perspective. So it's, yeah, your trisipatides, your GLP-1s basically, that are, you know, currently prescribable in Australia. So we're not doing anything that's not legit. So when Reda, if Reda comes on board, then obviously we'll be able to prescribe it. But yeah, from, from our angle, it's purely medication, medical based. And then I, you know, I kind of see that's where we can work together beneficially, because I see, you know, it's no good putting a guy on TRT and him having a  diet and, you know, poor training, no fitness. He's just going to get a heat of slides and, you know. You know, that's not going to help anyone. So if I can, you know, yeah, I think it would be, from my perspective, beneficial. Yeah, definitely.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, no, I'm more than happy to sort of let the lads on the team know, and then they'll obviously reach out if they feel like they want to.
Foundation Men's Health: I'm sure there's probably a few in there that would.
Kyle Musca: Can you just shoot me through a text, maybe even with the link to your website and link to the form, and I can just drop that straight into the chat for them. Yeah, cool.
Foundation Men's Health: Yeah, yeah. Might run. Will do. Yeah, the old, apologies, the old brain's a bit rattly this morning. It's not. I'm in my mid-40s, so going out to a rock concert till bloody midnight last night killed me, man. No, it's okay. Yeah, perfect.
Kyle Musca: Awesome, man. Well, yeah, appreciate that. That's definitely an opportunity that I'd be keen to sort of explore and to see how it goes with the guys in this.
Foundation Men's Health: Good to have them.
Kyle Musca: Yeah, good to have an opportunity for them as well, because I know there's probably, again, I know there's probably a few guys that would be keen on that. And, yeah, if you decide to sort of push it through, because I do, like, a lot of my marketing through, like, all meta-ads and stuff like that, so I've refined the funnels and everything really well.
Foundation Men's Health: If you ever decide to jump into that, it's a pretty similar sort of industry, so I'd be, out of my own curiosity, keen to dabble in it, to be honest.
Kyle Musca: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Foundation Men's Health: As far as, like, doing cross-promotional type of stuff?
Kyle Musca: Well, so my other business is basically a marketing, I wouldn't go as far as, say, I try and avoid agencies, but it's a marketing business that's designed to basically set up and set up all the... Funnels and everything like that for the coaches as well as do all the marketing and the messaging through meta-ads specifically. don't really specialise in Google Ads or anything like that. But that's been, like, I haven't publicly marketed anything like that because I haven't had to. It's just spread really well, but the success rate on that is pretty ridiculous at moment. Yeah, yeah, cool.
Foundation Men's Health: Yeah, you do. You've got quite a few followers, don't you? Yeah, but I keep my organic following very organic.
Kyle Musca: I don't really try and sell too hard on that. That's more so just to nurture them and form a good relationship with followers. And then I just let all the ads and everything do the selling on the back end for me. So you keep it nice and, I guess, value-driven.
Foundation Men's Health: Yeah, yeah. Oh, cool. All right, well, I'll flick you through the website. And the questionnaire link, just through your WhatsApp, works best. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that'd be perfect, thank you. All right. Awesome.
Kyle Musca: All well, I'll drop that in the chat and then just keep me updated to who, yeah, keep me updated to who, if anyone does fill it out, because they'll be curious to see who does it. Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Foundation Men's Health: As soon as I get one through with your name on it, I'll give you a pin. Yeah, perfect, man. All right, cheers to your time, mate, catch ya.
Kyle Musca: No, it's cheers then, bye.


>>> 250/250 | kyle musca and Drew Millington | 2026-03-12T09:40:32Z | id:129273954
People: Kyle musca, Drew Millington, Kyle Musca

Drew Millington: Hey, Kyle.
kyle musca: Hey, Yeah, no worries.
Drew Millington: Yeah, sorry about that. I was literally just sitting here, and I was just like, man, every time we've chat, he's been on time. And then I just open up, and there you are.
kyle musca: Man, I'm missing the outdoors life.
Drew Millington: We're just starting to get rid of, like, we had the worst winter. Like, I ski, and so it wasn't bad in that sense. But, holy , it was just mountains of snow. Like, our snowbank on my driveway was, like, six feet high. And so, like, I'm very excited for being able to sit outside and take work calls.
kyle musca: Yeah, yeah, I was in, up in Whistler over December, and I was sick of the cold after, like, three weeks.
Drew Millington: Oh, no way. Yeah, nice, man. I was in Whistler last weekend. So, were boarding or skiing here?
kyle musca: Yeah, was snowboarding. But I've grown up in Queensland my whole life, so I'm not used to the cold.
Drew Millington: I don't really feel for it.
kyle musca: Oh, man. I love snowboarding, but, you know, after two weeks, I'm like, .
Drew Millington: And, dude, like, BC, like, and Whistler, like, when we got there, we're like, why is it so warm? Like, this is, this is crazy. Like, this is, like, we were walking around in, like, shorts and a t-shirt.
kyle musca: It was just, like, yeah.
Drew Millington: And then we come back to where I live. on the off side of the country, it's just the worst. So yeah, man, let's jump in here. I got your account open. So we'll go back to your questions here.
kyle musca: So first and foremost, the probably easiest one to tick off before I forget is whenever I try and upload documents to, like, train it, for example, It just, like, says that it fails to upload.
Drew Millington: Man, this is strange, too. You've got missing stuff here. Whoa. Okay. Yeah, so, here's the thing, man. Like, I do really, I think that we're. We're going to end up in a place where, oh, yeah, there's not a lot of juice in here. Okay, so we got some feedback. That's good. Yeah, I was just going back and forth with it so much. Yeah, yeah, okay. So, transparently, I don't know how well those guys did. And so I want to, I'm probably going send you this deck, but let me just walk you through how we do things here. So, we'd book a kickoff call. On that kickoff call, we install three agents, like, basically day one. So, we've got 14 plus, at this point, prefab templates that work extremely well. And so, like, for instance, your number one question on here, right, your reactivation play. When it comes to, you know, health, fitness, nutrition, we really... Love using scholarship plays. And so if you look at like a typical client, so this is Lindsay, you know, nutrition, fitness coaching, right? So she'll have her main use case, right? Like you guys, a menopause one, cancellation rebooking, a no-show rebooking. So this is an interesting one to start because you should have different ones here because they're different talk tracks. And they built you guys just one. Oh, wait, no, you got, what is going on here? Yeah, they built you guys just one. So red flag number one. You want to have specialization there. And so then you'll have like, you know, a low ticket downsell, low ticket reactivation, a rapid booking, a bunch of post bookings. Right? So not just one. It's typically actually seven. You guys just have two, right? Or one, right? So it's just not, not a good thing. And then is those, are those post bookings there, are they like, like essentially automated reminders or what are they? Yeah, I mean, it depends, but like, you know, ideally it's a bit more than that where it's just like, you know, we'll reach out, you know, So, typically what we like to do is something like this. So, you know, Charlie goes through here, all the way down the path, finds times, gets the set, moves the deal to booked inside of GHL. And then, if he books a deal like 10.32 in the morning, time delay 10.37, we reach out and impersonate the closer. So, you are your closer. So, Yeah, and then this is typically seven steps, but there's specialization to each, right? And each step is going to be like, you know, hey, have you had a chance to watch the video yet? Right? You know, and just pre-selling, sending text reminders. But this is really how, like, we get to a place over time where our clients are averaging, like, a 70%, 80% show rate on, like, cold, non-organic, hard CTA DM ads. But just going back to it here. So, like, yeah, man, like, there's a lot we can build, right? So the first thing I want to kind of call out to you is that if you decide you want to reactivate this stuff, we're not going to trust what they've done. We have to kind of just go in here and, you know, treat this as not necessarily a rebuild, like we've got a head start, but we need to run you through our process. But the process works for a couple reasons. And again, you're getting it for free, right? Because, like, if it's a fit, like, we typically charge. There's three grand for this setup. But we'll install these three like day one. And like literally your reactivation agent, your scholarship, you can go back to all of your old leads. Our goal with these three to begin with is to like generate ROI immediately. Like ideal world, you pay for Charlie's entire license in a year in one reactivation campaign, if not 10 times that. So, but going back to your question, that's all going to be based on GHL, right? And so Charlie's not going to be smart enough to know different offers. You need to make sure that we're activating him at different stages, different contact statuses, deal statuses, pipeline stages, that kind of thing. So like how this works in practice is new lead comes in, this tells Charlie follow up until they buy or die, right? Eventually, he's going to move them to one or two spots. He's going to book a call, in which case we activate. They're a show rate setter, right? Or, you know, they're DQ'd.
kyle musca: on that as well. Just on the follow-up. Can you have it so it's like, you know, instead of just being, you know, 24 hours, 48 hours, can you have it set so like, you know, maybe a week later it reaches out and then a month later it reaches out kind of when they've had time to sort of sit in, you know, not making a change?
Drew Millington: Dude, 100%. Yeah. You literally, so here's what's nice about the reactivation campaign. So the first one is more of a scholarship play, right? But if we look at like here, I'm just going to open up this client here. So, Lindsay, let's refresh here. Let's go to her leads. Yeah, this is the nice thing, right? You know, 37 minutes ago, got a set. You know, one hour ago, got a set. And so, so you got the whole, hey, you know, you don't want me to ask how much weight you want to lose, right? And Taro's going to keep falling. falling. Hung up on this, wants to lose 40 pounds. Love that. What have you tried in the past? Eat better. All right, got it. Do you feel there's anything underlying going on? Do you need assistance? Yes. Not losing by just following the rules. Right. And so you got a full conversational track here towards the book. And obviously, you know, the feedback side. But here's what's the nice thing about the reactivation campaign. If Charlie has a conversation with this person and they say, want to lose 40 pounds, he's going to push this data into GHL and remember it. And so when he follows up, like, let's say this person no-shows or cancels or your closer gets on a call and doesn't close them. Right. He's going to follow and be like, you know, hey, Drew, Kyle here. You you spoke to my colleague Dan a couple months ago. The time you're looking to lose 40 pounds. For whatever reason, it wasn't a good fit. You know, but just curious, how's it coming along? Oh, ? What does it make sense to reconnect? Right. And so... Yeah, and that whole frequency of reach-outs is very, like, you control the frequency. We can turn the dial up or down depending on what you want to do. But with a lot of this stuff, man, like the reactivation, we've got it basically down to a science when it comes to health, fitness, nutrition, coaching.
kyle musca: Okay, yeah, sick.
Drew Millington: So, yeah.
kyle musca: On that as well, on that, is there a way to, do you know what a magic hat trick is?
Drew Millington: No, no, I haven't heard of that. But, I mean, I thought it was kind of like a scholarship play.
kyle musca: Yeah, to a degree. So, it's like if I want to go and have a look at all my leads that, like, let's say, booked a call but didn't convert into a paying client, it goes through and it's like, you know, hey, Michael, you know, every three months I do a random sort of giveaway for anyone that's inquired about coaching and I randomly picked your name out of the hat. It must be your lucky day. You've won a five and all the voucher that you can.
Drew Millington: Put straight towards coaching. Nice. That's awesome, man. Yeah, of course. You're limited by your imagination here, right? And this is why, you know, like you can really start to go to town. So, like, I think, like, ideal world here is we would do, let's do, you know, four things, right? Let's make sure you're, you know, let's load up your cancellation, your no-show, or at least let's level up the ones you have. Let's get a scholarship play going. Let's get a magic hat going. Let's launch those, like, next week. And let's just try to really get as much juice from the existing squeeze. In the meantime, again, if you decide you want to rock and roll. In the meantime, I want to go back and just basically do a big audit of these guys. Because I just don't know what they've done, if it sucks, you know, any of that stuff. So, I would like to just do a deep dive there. And then, yeah, I mean, when it comes to, yeah, see, this is all. Messed up, because you're on like an old instance here that they haven't upgraded. So when you go into knowledge base and that kind of thing, it's a bit of a science, man. And this is why we don't like you doing it by yourself to start. Because if you upload like a document to Charlie, he remembers everything, right? And he'll start answering questions. And that's what you don't want to do. You want Charlie to be smart enough to like be dangerous. But if he's like, you know, if someone asks, you know, hey, what's, you know, I'm curious, like what's Kyle's nutrition program look like? Is he a keto guy? Or is he, you know, carb heavy? You don't want Charlie to answer that, right? And if you give him the knowledge, he will. So you want him to say, honestly, I wish I could answer that. I'm not an expert, you know, but I do know that Kyle's programs are all very, are built very bespoke for everyone else. So it's a fit based on. What their goals are, body type and what have you. Why don't we get you on a call and you can ask an expert. And so if you've got like a setter script, great. But by and large, like ideally, you know, let's say, you know, what day is it today? So it's the 12th, right? So let's say like, you know, we get a kickoff booked on Monday or like a build call booked on Monday. We ship those setters on, you know, Wednesday, just do an audit, ship the scholarship play, the no show, the cancellation, start showing value immediately. On Thursday, we would start really honing in on this guy, your top of funnel. And we'd make sure we get the knowledge uploaded. You know, we'd start doing our role plays. You know, we'd be giving better feedback, Q&As, that kind of thing. And then the nice thing about doing that as well, once we do the scholarship play and even the magic hat potentially, and we get a whole bunch of leads in, we're going to. Be able to train Charlie in an actual live environment, which is key, but a low risk. Because you said your closer is like, you know, scared of like losing deals because, you know, things are low. Perfect. This is why we like to do this other thing first, the cancellation, the no-show, the scholarship, the magic hat, because we're going to get people reaching out to us, you know, hey, you're going to see the same thing. So set three minutes ago, Charlie follows up, takes, you know, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 12 messages. And then boom, you know, so this is the standard, right? And so we're going to be in a place where we can start to, you know, give feedback, coaching, and just do this together. And then honestly, man, it's not going to take long. Give it like, you know, a few days of going back and forth, documents, that kind of thing, and we'll be rocking. But this is how we do it. You get a lot of value early, and it's a safe environment for us to optimize Charlie's V.
kyle musca: Don't Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Sweet. Okay. And can you, um, like update, like upload CSV files and stuff like that? So it's like, I can, um, I guess you could probably do that and go high level and tag them or something.
Drew Millington: Yeah. It's all going to be GHL. Um, and so like, happy to walk you through it, but yeah, that's, we're going to take all of our direction from GHL and however you, you set it up, you know, I'm a software guy. So I always like to look at things from like a pipeline standpoint. Um, but yeah, man, even like call done, not closed, you know, or whatever pipeline equivalent, like you guys do the call, but they're kind of like low value, like, boom, you know, make that instance of Charlie more of a bulldog that just follows up with people and says, Hey, it sounds like you're giving up on your, on your weight loss goals. Right. Like you can go, go magic hat, you know, go dead scholarship, whatever. Like, again, like these guys. So let me check out, uh, So, Lindsay, let's go to the past 90 days. So, her whole use case is hard CTA Instagram DM ads.
kyle musca: Yeah.
Drew Millington: So, she brought in nearly 4,000 leads over the past 90 days. So, she gets a good amount of leads. Charlie's having conversations with 56% of them or so. And from that 56%, so 56% of people, leads that come in that Charlie's talking to. And again, this number will go up over time, given that, you know, he's talking to leads forever. But of those, he's able to qualify and book 45% to a sales call. So, one, their lead to CTA is 25%. So, one the... Out of four, randos, clicking an Instagram DM ad or getting qualified and booked on their calendar. Then, you know, obviously work back close rate and then start thinking about, you know, adding in no-show cancellation, rebuking, scholarship, magic hat, reactivation. You know, all of a sudden it gets pretty exciting.
kyle musca: Yeah. Yeah. I think mine was at like 30 or 40% when I was doing it.
Drew Millington: The lead to CTA.
kyle musca: Yeah. Like it was booking calls.
Drew Millington: That's awesome.
kyle musca: Yeah. was booking calls and then it just sort of  the bed after that because it couldn't do a post. Well, I mean, it just kill switched it then and there was just a terrible show up, right? Because there was no post-booking flow. So the booking part was great.
Drew Millington: Yeah. And this is why, man, we just need to audit what they've done because, again, like there's multiple factors here, right? There's how Charlie was set up and there's also how the integration was set up with GHL, like when we're triggering Charlie, you know? And so, yeah, I don't know what they've missed. missed. What they've done, not done, like, yeah, like there's no instructions on here, which is strange, right? So instructions, you know, typically would be like, don't accept surface-level answers, dive deeper, right? That kind of thing. So yeah, we just need to, we just need to get, get in here.
kyle musca: Yeah, because I spent ages, like, one, giving it feedback per message, and then also, like, like, basically rewording the entire thing that they put in there.
Drew Millington: Yeah.
kyle musca: So got a good understanding how to play around with it and everything. I did like that part of it.
Drew Millington: Yeah.
kyle musca: Yeah.
Drew Millington: No, I hear you, man, yeah. And I just, like, I don't want you to go, and, like, it's also going to be more of a  show for us, too, right? Like, so if we just launch this, and it  the bed, you're going to ask a million questions, and we're going to be burning leads. And so it's better for us to just, like, start over, here again, give you the implementation for free, give you 50%. 2% off, right? And then just go and, you know, do our thing, which honestly, man, with fitness at this stage, health, fitness, nutrition, hormones, whatever, it's just like, it's pretty lights out. So, like, it won't take long. Early value, no-show, reactivation, magic hat, scholarship, you know, get those up, get them rolling, generating revenue pretty quickly. How many leads do you have, like, dead opportunities, old leads in this, in GHL?
kyle musca: Oh, that'd be a couple thousand, probably, if you really utilized them. Yeah, for me, as long as it can, obviously, the other stuff's great, and I would definitely want it, but as long as it can sort of handle the conversation from start to, you know, booking and then finish the, like, it was 50% perfect, and then it just obviously wasn't, like, they didn't connect it up. So, as long as it can continue the same degree of quality for the post-booking flow, then, you know, I would have been stoked with it, essentially.
Drew Millington: you. you.
kyle musca: So what would be the timeframe of like, and I'm not in a rush here to do it properly, but like, what would be the timeframe of, you know, having that all ready to actually implement?
Drew Millington: Yeah, well, I mean, I'd say like, you know, like we'll get those first few done. Like, let's say you decide to rock and roll. I'll like have to figure out like a discount link. Like, I'll send that over to just check out. And then, yeah, let's say we did that today. Probably get a kickoff book for Monday. You know, I'll get some, I'll get our implementation team to spend some stuff around. We're going to start with those three or four, you know, which we could launch basically same day. If not like a day or two, just to like, you know, just role play and make sure it's a 10 out of 10. So yeah, I'd say like by mid next week, we'd launch like those no-show cancellation, magic hat, reactivation, know, start generating leads, generating revenue pretty quickly, get the excitement flowing. And then I'd say probably by like... You know, end of next week, you know, we could be in a place where Charlie's, your top of funnel agent's rocking.
kyle musca: Okay. Yeah, perfect. And, yeah, would I be able to upload documents to it? Because I fully understand, not wanting to confuse it. I've refined the setting process. It's really just about, like, the tonality and everything like that to help it really understand the proper wording and speech patterns and analogies and stuff like that to use more than anything. And then also, like, there's one I use for, like, human text communication. So, obviously, it just tells it how to structure the sentences a little bit better.
Drew Millington: Yeah, I, honestly, man, yes. I don't know if documents are the best way to do that, though. So, maybe it's just because your accounts deactivate, I don't know. But documents or not, just let us do it with you. Because the nature of Charlie is, it's kind of a pain in the . So, Charlie's, like, you know. So, for instance, if you put in instructions, right, and persona and his personality, like, in the central settings, it doesn't matter what documents you upload or what feedback, you give him, he's not going to listen. Because, like, the settings override everything else. Like, you know, your band phrases, right? They're banned. You you can upload a million documents telling him to use band phrases, not going to use them. And so a lot of the massaging happens there. Yeah. And when it comes to getting him to sound really perfect, you don't do that through any of those settings. build a custom persona. The custom persona is, like, basically, if we got, like, we prefer to use, like, videos and transcripts, right, and upload and build a custom persona so he shows up sounding ideally like you, right? Your style, the way you talk, you know, like, if you look at, like, some of our clients, like, you know, like a Lindsay's Asian is, like, super bubbly and happy, you know, whereas, like, you know, John Madsen, you know, that setter is pretty much just mean at this stage, you know? And so, know, So yeah, you can really go the full, full gambit, but yeah, you can answer your question. Yes. Should you? Probably not.
kyle musca: Okay. Yeah. I've also got one that's like 50 conversations that like led to actual clients and stuff.
Drew Millington: I don't know if that would help. Oh yeah. The center scripts are fantastic, man. Yeah. Give, give us those. Don't upload them though. Cause like, we want to actually just like go and parse through them and then we might build out a couple of different agents, but this is where it's just like so much better.
kyle musca: Just do the kickoff.
Drew Millington: Like we don't, we used to do DIY and we, we still do. Um, like, so that's why that, you know, there's two options on the implementation. One's DIY for free. The other is 3000. If you do DIY, we don't offer support. We just say like, you're on your own, you know, use the support library, figure it out because like, it's so easy to change something in settings and then try to figure it out. And then we're scrambling, like put it this way, man. Like if you were to come off the street, How this process works, we get those three or four set up, optimize the  out of them, you know, go for your top of funnel, really go to town, work with you on the data. So we're going to be sending data every week and be like, hey, our intro response rate should be higher, book rate should be higher, how's show rate looking? We get to it, we want to get to a place where the agents are like a 10 out of 10, and then your job is just not to touch them. Like, it's kind of like a magic marketing campaign that's crushing, just don't mess with it, right? And then, you know, let's add other setters, but let's, you know, the core business stuff, let's just work together for a month, two months, three months, however long it takes to get the data to a sick spot, and then just leave it alone.
kyle musca: Yeah, okay. Yeah, perfect. Yeah, as long as there's a support team, like, I'd rather just send them the documents and tell them to...
Drew Millington: Yeah, and we're going to book calls, man, you know, and just like go over this, you know, and be changing things dynamically, and then figuring out, okay, this is probably more of persona thing. This is this, this, okay, we can use a document here, all of the outcome of just making sure that... It just does what it's supposed to do.
kyle musca: Yeah, okay. Perfect. Cool. What did you say the monthly rate was again?
Drew Millington: $1,500. So we're giving you guys half off. So yeah, man, think on it. I'll send you this deck because there's actually some more stuff in here that's probably worth checking out, just with different agents that we can install, some of the prefabs, some stuff that's changed. So let me send it to you, man, and then just, yeah, think on it.
kyle musca: Yeah. Last very minor question. Because I do Australian and US, can it automatically sort of see the different metrics and then like base the rest of this conversation off that?
Drew Millington: We would need to divide leads into different parts of the pipeline or like different pipelines based on where they're coming from and just have different agents for each.
kyle musca: Okay.
Drew Millington: Yeah. that's going back to your other question. He's not Charlie. Mike great. Thank Charlie's very smart conversationally, you know, as far as being able to, you know, match, mirror, adjust tonality, that kind of thing to who he's talking to, but we're going to take direction from the CRM on, you know, where and how each agent's going to show up. And so, like, ideally, Australia, you've got your own phone number for Australian leads, you've got your own phone number for U.S. leads, using Twilio, you have Twilio, right?
kyle musca: Yes, yeah, yeah.
Drew Millington: Yeah, so just grab your own phone number for U.S. and then Australia, that way U.S. are getting a U.S. phone number and a U.S. agent, you know, Australia, vice versa.
kyle musca: Okay. Yeah, perfect. And we can point in the right direction there.
Drew Millington: And, like, man, do, like, every week we do optimization workshops, marketing, funnels, Charlie, selling, you know, so there's... A lot of stuff that we are constantly going through, too.
kyle musca: Okay, perfect. Okay, and just to clarify, you are absolutely confident we could set up the post-booking flow so it hits the kill switch before booking and then handles the rest of the conversation naturally?
Drew Millington: Yeah, man.
kyle musca: Yeah? Come on. All right, well, yeah, I reckon let's do it. I've got a client that I think this would suit really well for because he gets so many leads that a human setter can't keep up, so I think it'd be also good to potentially resell it on to him if it works.
Drew Millington: Yeah, so here's the nuance to that. So the $1,500 is something we don't offer, right? And so, you know, just like the most we discount now is down to $2,000, so our license is $3,000. We actually give our resellers, like marketing agencies that upsell this, we give them the license for $2,000. So feel free to let them know it's $2,000, and then what we can do is I'll get you a first person. Promoter link. That's like our affiliate, whatever. And then, yeah, anyone that closes, we give you 20% for life. And so, you know, we have, man, we have got clients that just are in like mastermind groups with like other fit pros that are just like, you know, hear people talk about leads and go, man, man, I've been using Charlie. It's crushing, you know, and then just sending a link. And anyone that closes, literally 20% forever.
kyle musca: Yeah. Yeah. No, that'd be fine for him. And, um, he, um, he, he, he can easily afford that. Um, that's also it. Um, okay, perfect. All right. Well, yeah, let's, um, let's get it up and running. Um, and go from there.
Drew Millington: Yeah. Cool. Sounds good, man. All right. Leave me, give me a bit. I gotta, uh, I might need finance. I gotta dig up, like, uh, I don't know if I have access to put discount codes in. So let me figure that out and then I'll, uh, once I'm ready, I'll flip it over and then just, yeah, get your kickoff booked and, um, we'll rock and roll.
kyle musca: Yep. Beautiful. Awesome. Cheers, man. Yeah. You too, Kyle. Have a good
